spooks. : Sfooic raising is one of the last rosorts of depraved or discredited intelligence, j When realities fail, when reasonable ! faiths yield no assurance, when fear ; and trembling usurp the places of courage and purpose, the tendency of manlrinrl is to fni'Arrahhftr with snonkfi- ..... — r> i — King Saul went to spooks in his ex tremity, Macbeth also, and, liking lessor things to great ones, Mr. B, It: Wise last week, and Sir Henry Parices last night, got to spooks, though- with intent to delude others rather than themselves. Mr. Wise has apparently been spook-con trolled from his: infancy, but Sir IIenry Parices through all his early years was a spook master rather than a spook slave. Like Michael Scott, ho could rido his demon, and ride him roughshod; too, over a good deal of honest human right. Day by day, however,' experience teaches us that between the Parkes of the sixties and the Parices of tho nineties a tremendous gulf is fixed. Tho Parices of old might fairly be com pared to a certain matchless "painless" dentist we knew' many years ago— a gentleman,- who rolled through tho streets in a coach and four, who held his court in a pavilion set up in a public park, who.got fools by the score to mount the , platform and plank down their dollars, and then, after painting their' cheeks with somo magic lotion, yanked out their teeth amid a roll of drums and a flourish of. trumpets, which effectually drowned all screams. The people knew after wards that they had been deluded, but it was so splendidly done they mado no public complaints. But tho Parices of to-day is rathev to be compared with tho poor little trickster, tho petty palpable charlatan who bangs his own drum and plays his own pandean pipos, and trys hard to brazen out tho busi ness, but all the time with a self-con sciousness that is only too painfully manifest. To realise the truth of this analogy we have but to compare the spooks of old with tlie spooks of to-day. Tho Kiama Ghost with " the Slatteiiy Crows; " the shooting spook who wus to appear in the streets in protest against the famous prorogation, with that travesty of a venerable faith and self-sacrificing nationality, set up so frequently and also, alas I effectively in tho bravo days of old. Only one malignant and possibly mischievous spook can Sir Henry conjure up just now. It may be termed tho Parliamentary spook. Wo have a Parliament wo know of realities, not by any means immaculate realities, not faultless or blameless, but still intelligible and tangible, with a record of work accomplished by which they may bo judged. And if wo look quietly at that very sober-minded record as compiled by the Han sard staff, wo find that during strenuous and critical times the leaders of Parliament have contrived to get through work and to accomplish legislation which cannot very well bo described as spook-inspired. The resto ration of confidence in finance, tho successful employment of surplus labor, the masterly dealing with funded stock, the uphill fight for the Mining 011 Private Properly Bill, these and many other works smack strongly of reality and of a fixed regard for material public interests. Sir Henry Parices, however, has dwelt so long amongst the spooks ns to become blind to all these. He is as directly spook- controlled as any poor belated wretch " lanthorno led" amongst tho old world fens. The big, bluff, cheery, hard working arid somewhat impulsive Premier the whole world knows, |lives not for him. "Dibrs the Dictator" fills all the plane of his vision; a malignant Prospero served by a half- score of Calibans, or some incom prehensible combination of Cromwell, Danton and Pontius Pilate formu lating decrees whoso only object is to oppress tho people, to stultify their development, to degrade , their institu tions. '. , ' A man in this mood is not (o bo reasoned with, his' every utterance recalls the regret of Major, Pendennis i that there are not in- English; as in | all other properly-managed countries ! places wherein impetuous and irrational people may bo placed out of the way of working mischief. And following this memory cornea another that there is a place prepared somewhere about the centre of the Centennial Park which is sadly iu need of occu pation. The spooks which are raised to scaro us we could, however, despise and forgive. It is against those which ar6 set up as competent to provide for our futurethatweneedtomakeastand. The spook programme of that spook party which Mr. Wise evolves apparently out of his own inner consciousness, the emancipation, the measures of pro gress and reform which are supposed to lurk somewhere in tho imaginary purposes of an imaginary Parkes party. We ask again and again where is tho party, what is its platform, and tho replies aro inevitably appeals to faith or credulity. Mr. B-eid (with apologies to the dead) may perhaps be likened to the unlucky Trociiu, whose one and only answer to every urgent and pas sionate appeal was " J'ai noon plan." Mr. Wise in his deplorable helpless ness may fairly be compared to the poor young matron in Mrs. Henry Wood's most popular novel, potplex- ing the butcher with her order of "a something to roast and boil." Sir Henry Parkes, crapulous with vanity and sick with tho chagrin of con tinuous defeat-, resembles nobody but himself, All the worst features of the- unique being come out in this his last drear mood.y .The rashness and auda city which masqueraded very well as courage in the old days, ' the always contemptible conjuring tendency, no longer cunning enough to deceive even the simple, and thefrequentand utterly unjustifiable reference to the fathers and founders of our State, of whom this would-bo king is neither lineal descendant nor sole survivor; . With a duo regard to all the'' cir cumstances of a certainly complex time, the best counsel to the electors of tho colony may be, pay no heed to spooks. Time enough to fire a shot at tho. " Slatteiiy . Crows" when they really begin to darken tho horizon, and to/make a commence ment with the countor-iiiino when the enemy's sappers are really perceived. Wo know how lightly till the re cent "menace to our. constitutional liberty" passed by. We remem ber that the Iviama Ghost never really required laying, and wo . feel now, and strongly, that the occasion demands of us that we ignoro spook's , and face facts. Boal, tangible dangers, difficulties, exigencies face us. along tho wholo line of possible progress, and the leaders we want nro tho men who will face them, and wi.th intent to their mastery or satisfaction. There is nothing spook-liko about tho urgent need of land legislation, development of natural resource, broadminded patriotic Federation, and therefore, perhaps, none of these things found a place in Sir Henry Parkes's latest dis course. 