THE ULTIMATUM OF CAPTAIN FAGUS. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] Copyright. BY ERNEST Gr,\NVILLE. Author of " The Lost Heiress," " The Fossickers," &c.;, &c.; Durban, Fort Natal .J 12 1879 was a gay and festive tov.'u. jvj The hotels were crammed with warriors, the lodging-houses were stnffud with beds almost to nursting, and the very gaol was cleaned out by the white-rioateil Zulu police forthe accon-.nioda tion of timid strangers. If report is to lie credited, a very high official indeed look up his feather bed, in that time of scares, and sought safety every uight within the thick walls of the prison. Young officers, camped out on the lawn of the Royal Hotel. All day long there was the click of ivory balls, the genidl popping of champague corks, the clank of sabres and the jingle of spurs. Through the drowsy afternoons smart traps rolled out from tile yard and went spinning through the leafy roads of the fBerea, driven by military nondescripts, with ktgli collars and waxed moustaches. E.adies with sparkling eyes and hair of a pale yellow held court, and always had at beck and call a string of gay cavaliers. Some three weeks after Ulundi I sat on a verandah overlooking a wide court, wherein a horse dealer from Buenos Avres was entertaining a crowd of idlbrs. He had a high- shouldered mustang, which hehad brought over as a specimen of the troopers he could supply, and was showing the various uses to which his wonderful saddle could be put. Suspended from either end by a lariat, it made a serviceable hammock ; spread out' it served as a blanket or a table-cloth ; thrown over the shoulder it became a cloak ; folded up it was again a saddle. Then he made a cast with his lasso,and swung the bolus, a feat which one of the spectators attempted with signal disaster to his own limbs. " Divil take the thing,"' he exclaimed as he endeavoucod to untie himself. "Won't someone loose me ?" Nobody did, all being too tired from laughter to help ; RO he spun himself rouud, and the bolus, unwinding, dealt out hard knocks to the helpless crowd. "It's as 1 towld you," he said, "1'ia good at this, and what a lovely weapoL t'would prove in afoiglit." Skipping away from £h£ crowd he dropped into a cane chair^beside me and offered me a cigar, as though he had known me all his life. " The lazy beggars," he said, " they wanted stirring up, and I did it for them illigantly. I'm Captain Fagus of the " Oirish Blower,'' and am delighted to make the acquaintance of a fellowcorrespondent. You needn't intbroduce yourself. I know who you are. I just inquired of tBe barman, and by the saine token I'm dhry." He whistled to a waiter and called for two whiskey squashes. Captain Fagus was a good-looking fellow, with a smooth face, flexible mouth, and a pair of bright, merry, roving black eyes. I felt at home with him at once. " I heard ye were here mooning away like a sick dog—excuse the simile—and I straightway came along,for companionship's amoighty foine pick-me-up. Heigbo ! It's meself that's in need of brightening." He did not look it. In fact he winked at a pretty coolie girl who went by with a dish of pine-apples. I remarked that he seemed cheerfuj enough. " Appearances are deceptive. What ud ye think if I towld vez I was in love ?" He looked at me seriously. " Ay, that's the truth. It's love that's killing me, with all it'll distressful circumstances. But bow was it with you in the war ? Business first an' pleasure after." We fell into a talk about the advancc of Ulundi, and he let me into some secrets of the making of reputations. _ "I was with the crawligg column on the coast, bat, bad luck to it. the d^vil a chance had I to distinguish myself ; but I tell you I made the best of my opportunities." " Hpw was that ?" " D'ye see, it was this wcy.v I wrote scrappy paragraphs for the Service papers, and always bound the editor in return to say something civil about myself, t-uinelliin^ lilto this : • We are glad to hear from Captain Fagus, that smart correspondent, that the men in Zuiuland are in goad health and spirits..' Or this : ' We hear from Captain Fagus, that excellent war correspondent, etc.' I would also write letters to the ' Times,' with my full signature and description." 3 " And how did that help ?"' " How, indeed ? Excuse me, but you are yqung. Why, people would say : « Who, in thunder, is Captain Fagus ?' and, maybe, some clever knowall would reply : 'Oh 1 dontcherknow he's the famous'correspondent for vthe ' Oirish Blower.'' Get yourself talked about, me bhoy, and your fame is made, and if no one else will do that service for you, do it yourself—often.' " That's simple, isn't it ?" "Maybe. But it requires judgment, tact, and the help ov an incident now and again. There me luck deserted me. What I wanted was an opportunity to win the V.C. ; just one—and believe me, no one gave me the ghost of a chance. At Gingiublove I was burning to make a bould sortie from the laager and rescue some wounded soldiers, but hang me for a Faynian if one ud expose himself. No, sir—and that's the truth'." So he rattled on until he exhausted the war and got down to the record of town life, when he returned to his love affair. " I'm in love ; and it's deuced awkward that the complaiut should come on me when I'm ''about leaving for the ould counthry. I'm just ! bursting; to con6ds in some one. I'll tell you all—71 wfll so. I met her at'the table d'hote at , the.inu^down the street. Dark eyes,black hair, nndjuby lips—the sweetest girl ou eairth. surrendered at discretion—horse, foot, and artillery !" " put she does not reciprocate ?" : " Think she does." " Thou why these tears." "I'll tell y«', if ye'll give me a chance to get a word in. Ye see—though I say it meself—me family in Oireland is the tirst in the land, with more pride than acres. The question is, ' Can 1 tuk" her to my ancestral home i" Tell me that now." "1'iii nut competent to judge, not having seen the l.nlv uud your ancestral home." " True lor you ; but that's easy remedied You know inc. I represent me family. Come and dine with mcqnd you'll know her." I went off readily,heartily enjoying the eitua tion. and he, delighted to find a listener, fairly bubbled over with jovial confidences. The long table in the comfortable inn was crowded with a miscellaneous company—stolid Dutch farmers, cute speculators, army contrac- . tors, and two ladies. The Captain sat opposite the latter, and kept up a running fire of florid compliments, directed at tlie younger lady, who had a certain bold beauty. After dinner we smoked at our ease under trailing vine. "Now, you cowld-blooded Saxon, say quickly what you thiuk of her or 111 strangle you. r "Slip is a very charming girl, if I may say so: " Thanks. I knew you'd agree with me. But say now, didn't you remark she was a thrifle weak in her grammar ? Clips her g's, you understand, and doesn't do her duty by the . aspirates." " Those are trifling blemishes from a pretty mouth." " They would never be overlooked at my ancestral home," he replied gloomily. " Now I'll tell you my plan. I've drawn upanultimatum. A what . " An ultimatum." Ho drew a sheet of foolscap from an official •nvclopc with a most serious air. " Now you listen to this, y I flatter myself it's \ neat :— " Dear Sir—(that's her father)—Dear Sir jAs yoffire doubtless aware, I am ardently in Sovawltil'your charming daughter, and it is the ''HidhSi my heart, thatsbe should become my wife. ' My ffinily is the oldest and the proudest in Ireland, and my wife must have no defects. My lov© for your daughter does not blind'me to the fact tilat her education has not been without iti defcrts—defects which are inexcusable iu this young lady. She has a tendency to drop her l>'a fias> Qogjwd and ber c's from the other. My family could forgive anything but that. Now, my dear sir, 1 would respectfully but urgently propose that yoiir daughter should be placed at once in an establishment for young ladies, where- she would be perfected in the elegant use of her mother tongue, and fitted tor the high honour of a uuiou with my family.. —Believe me to be, &e.;, &c.;" "You sun-Iy do not intend to send that extraordinary document to her father ?"' " That's my intention. It's only due to me family." " Well, then, send it iu, aud prepare to leave the country in a hurry." "D'ye tliinlc he'll lake offence ? But thiuk of the honour of an alliance with the ouldest family in din-land. I'll chance it, anyhow." I left soon after for Maritzburg, and returning at the end of a week, I found the gallant Captain seated on a log, the interested spectator of a duel between Indian gamecocks, both armed with murderous blades. Their shackles stood out like enormous ruffles, the long tail feathers dlooped, and the gleaming eyes flashed like fire under the fierce excitement of the battle. They met together in mid-air, there was a scatternig of feathers, a fierce thrust home, and one of the gallant little birds was stretched out on his back. ^His owner, an excited coolie* picked him up, thrust a finger into the gaping wouud, stitched the ends together, and placed the bird aside, where it staggerer! to its feet, weak but valiant. "Here ye see the epitome of war," said Fagus. " These birds have no real cause for enmity, they have no feathered harems to defend, or stores of golden grain, yetatcommand they rush to batlle. Upon me word when yc see the tragedy of glorious war played out iu a coc-kpit it makes you weep." His merriment of a few days back had given way to a fit of moralising. ' How was"it with the ultimatum ?" I asked ' Och, bad luck to it !" ' It did not answer, then ?" 'It did not. The other contracting Power did not receivp it in a proper spirit." " The faiacr declared war F I told you so." Did you, theu ? I would not have credited you with so much sense. He declared war to tbe knife. Turned out bis lijiht cavalry from the kennels, called out his infantry iu the person of ferocious Zulu stable-boy, and came out himself with a fearful implement—they call it a sjambok. I executed^ masterly retreat, leaving portion of my rearguard in the mouth of the cavalry." 'I can't say I'm sorry for you. Young ladies are not to he won by ultimatums." And me a member of one of the ouldcst families in Oireland," he exclaimed tragically. Oh, now, that father was unreasonable. He said he wanted no one to offeif him impertinent advice about his daughter's education, aud he had the blessed impudence to curse me and my ancestral home. 'Twas then the war broke out, and my partiality for bananas and ripe lips received a cruel blow. See that pool of foal water on the fiat ? Well, I went straight off there to drown meself and rae sorrows ; but there was a prior claimant in the shape of a joor divil of a bloated dog, and so I thought jetter of itand drowned the ultimatum instead." [THE END.] 