A SCHEME THIAT t WORKED. Br W. J. LI4vrrox. Fred Burgess was a young fellow of 21, and, after the fashion of youngsters of that number of years. desperately in love. The young woman who had led him captive was four years his junior: pretty, popular, and pocr, and just coquettish enough to keep Freddie on the ragged edge most of the time-a not unusual characteristic of young wonmen under similar condition'. In addition g to this, be hal no ides that the girl F loved him, or, rather, permitted him to love he". because his father was very t1 rich and had promised Fred a haudsne a sum on his wedding day. To a girl d fond of society as Harriet was, Fred knew that money was an object, and, D while he was ready to furnish the money to a -ife, he did not wish to furnish the -money for a wife-a nice distinction that some men with money sometimes a overlook. Fred's father was a handsome widower of 43, and was more elder brother than father to a hoy, and their comradeship and community of interests were the subjects cf many pleasantries amon: their friends. "flow about the girl, Fred ?" asked the father one day, as they sat in the library. " Which girl ?" smiled Fred. "-The best one, of course." " You mean Harriet ?" Fred's face grew longer. "WVell, pop," he said familiarly, "I don't know exactly, and I don't like to i say what I think." " Out with it, my boy," urged the father; '" between us we ought to be a match for any woman alive," "I don't want you to be a match for this one," ventured Fred. sbyly. Mr. Burgess bowed his' acknowledg sments "Permit me to say equal to any woman," he smiled. " Granted," said Fred: "and I think we anr; but you can't 'most always sometimes tell" The father indi:ited some surprise. " She isn't going to iiy the track,. is she ?"' he asked. "1\o, not that ; sheh going to stay on and make the race, b::t I'm afraid it's entirely for the purse tha:'s up." " O, ho," laughed the father ; "she's making a shy at the shekels, is she ?" "No, pop," protested Fred : '" I woaldn't say that; only I'm afraid she might oe." Mr. Burgess become thoughtful and Fred was silent for some time. "Frederick, my chicken," said he after a while, lying h:I haul on the young man's shoulder. "" I have a scheme : a great scheme :" and he tapped his dome of thought with much personal pride. "Where did you get i:, papa ?" asked Fred banteringly : " imo rt it ?" "' No, my son : I manufactured it right here at home." again tapping his forehead. "Now you i:: down and let metell you about it." " Wait till I brace myself, in order to resist the shock," sail Fred, seiting himself deep down is a .big easy chair. "" Let her go, pop, I'm ready," and rop thereupon proceeded to let her go. Three months later Mr. Burgess an Fred were in the library of the Burgess mansion once more, Fred having re turned only that day from a visit to some friends in England. "Well, Father Burgess," he said, with unusuai impatience, "how did the scheme work ?" " My boy, my boy," groaned Mr. B. lugubriously, "I'm not in it sixty seco ids." " Wonln't it work ?" asked Fred in a disappointed tone. " Let me tell the harrowing tale," and Mr. Burgess fixed himself comfortably. " A month after you left, in my coy and diffident manner, I asked Miss Harriet one day on the street if I couldn't walk home with her. She was just too sweet for anything,"-Fred winced-" and said it woulId charm her beyond ex presion. So I walked along with her. talking about you and other young men. Miss Harriet was enraptured to hear what I said of you and of the other young nen, and then very demurely said she thought older men were so much nicer. Then I was charmel, and when we reached her home she invite] me to call with gsneh a winning grace that I couldn't resist it, ani accepted the invitation in my very best style." Fred got up and trampedl aroundl the library awhile. "Confound the women," he sail. " Did you go ?" "Didn't I go ?" re-? nded the father with a semi-whoop, "Well, I should say I did, and until four days ago I didn't give one of those other youngsters a ghost of s chance at any thing. By the way, Fred," he added regretfully, " it costs like the mischief to court a girl right these days, doesn't it? I had no idea it was such an ex pensive luxury." Fred writhed in his chair. SGo on," he said almost sternly, "Oh, I did go on," laughed the father, "and she encouraged me, too, and, by Jove, young fell.ow, I became so interested I couldn't s:tp going on." Fred looke I at his father in amaze ment. If this thing continued he felt that something d: t?erecable would hapr?n to hi,. but Le said nothing. • Well," recumeJ 'Ir. Burgess, ,' four days ago, at i. :t.. I called for the four dozenth time, ani my nmind was made up to have that gIrl in the family, even if I had to prove mystli a traitor to do it." Fred almost forgot himself, but he exercised ail hi powers of restraint, "Said I," continued Mr. Burgess, ' after I had beaten around the 1 o|notional hush for half an hour, ' Miss Ilirriet, you i.ve become very near and, ,lar to me.' " Yes ?' she smiled, 'I'm so glad.' "'Thank you,' said I, and now, 'vithont further preliminaries, I want -ou to be my wife.' " Fred stool up straight and looked lownl fiercely on his father. "Yes," said that gentleman, as if S'red were enjoying it, " those are the exact words 1 used on that interesting ccassion, an 1 I used others and kept on ising them, but she only shook her pretty head. "'Just think,' said I, coaxing my very best, 'how nice it could be for vou to b, Fred's stepmother.' "' Now, Mr. Burgess,' said she i: response to this argument, and s. smiled in a way that made me want grab her, ' don't you think it would ever so touch nicer for me to be Fre. wife ?' " Frel laughed hsstetically and kicked an unoffending ottoman clear over the r table. " No, I don't,' said I, trying to take her hand. "' We:l, I do,' said she, dropping her smile and getting firm in the face, ' and o that is where we differ to an extent that r3 you, with all your money and good in looks and palavaring and experience d cannot hope to change in a midlion years. If there is any other relation to St your family that I would prefer, above n being Frel's wife, it might be to be your stepmother just long enough to n give you the spanking you deserve, for trying to persuai? me to be disl'yal to Fred, while he is absent and cannot see to what is going on, so he could put a stop ry to it. Good evening, Mr. Burgess,' 'e and with these unkind remarks to your rl devoted and loving old father, my boy, your dear Harriet flouted out of the roon and left me sitting there feeling ? like in idiot, funr stories tall and as big 'e aron :d as a barn." in Fred jiumped up an I threw his arms es around his father's neck. " Pop, cl I boy," he exclaimed joyfully. •e 'yea're a trump." er IYes, my boy, I know it," eighed ur Mr. Burgess, " but you're taken the ts trick,. and I'm going to deduct from esyour wedding present what it cost me to court that girl while you were away, ed and I wish you would tell her so with my compliments." 