WILBERFORCE AND TOE GHOST. The following remarkable inoident In the life of the late Samuel Wilberforoe, Bishop of i Oxford end afterwards of Winchester, is related as absolutely authentic, and the ] good Bishop himself is eald to hate many i times rehearsed the story to his friends. j Bishop Wilberforoe waa - most - prominent j among his contemporaries of the English | clergy, and was onoe a leader of the High Churoh party. He, however, frequently found : time to devote to the social side of life, and was sometimes styled the" Bishop of Society." On a oertam occasion the worthy Bishop hndaooeptod an invitation to stay at a country house not far from London. -Entering the drawing-room previous to dinner, on the evening of his arrival, he noticed a priest— evidently of the Roman communion—sitting by the open fire and taking no part in the general conversation. The Bishop was some what surprised at not being presented to the priest, and his astonishment was great when a few moments later, dinner being announced, the guests retired, leaving the priest at hie place by the fire. The hostess having assigned Bishop Wilberforoe the seat of- honour at her : right hand, as soon as an opportnnity offered , he remarked:— _ "I beg your,pardon, Madame, but may X j enquire who was the priest we left sitting : apart in the drawing-room?" "Ah, you have seen him, then," repliedthe ] lady. " It is not every one who has that privi lege. I cannot tell yon wht be is or from I whence he oomds. For many yean this spectre , boa haunted the house and groands—it has, in fact, been a tradition in the family. He see ma I to do no harm, and although he appears only occasionally we have become quite aoonstomed ; to our friendly ghost." " Bow very singular," remarked His Lord ship. "But have you never addressed your ; priestly spectre?" "Indeed, X have had no opportunity, nor. the desire, for that matter, responded tae : hostess, growing pale. "May I take the liberty now!" enquired the dignitary. \ "With all my heart, your I«ordship," j replied the lady. The Bishop arose, and re- • turning to the drawing-room, found the priest where lie had loft him a few minntes before. Having no fear, "the Bishop said kindly— " Who are you, my friend, and why are you ; here?" Tie spectre seemed to asgh deeply and eay, ; as though to itself, " At last!" i Then, in a hollow voioe, addressing the i Bishop, it continued:—" I am the spirit of a 1 priest who left this world some eighty years ago, and I am here to impart to any ono who wili receive it a seoret whioh died with me. I could not rest in my grave while a great wrong was being done which it was in my power to right. I have been returning all these years in the hope eome'one would address me, for it was not given to me to be the Erst to speak. All men have shunned me until now, and it is your mission to do my bidding. I was a priest of the Churoh of Borne, and was oalled to this bouse eighty years ago to reoeive the confession of a dying man. /He was the sole possessor of a secret, the knowledge of which would alter mate-' ri&lly; the entail of this vast estate, and in his death this man wished to repair the terrible wrong he had brought upon his kin. " At his request I wrote down the confes sion word for word aB he gave it to me, and when he finished bad barely time to administer the final sacrament of thu Ohuroh before he exited in my arms. It was very important that I should return to London that night, and in passing through the library to leave the bouse I conoluded it would be safer not to oarry the paper on which was written the confession away with me, bnt to place it in some secure, unseen spot, where I could obtain it the following day and deliver the dooument to tho person for whom it was intended. Mounting the stepB to the bookshelves I took out a copy of Young's 'Night Thoughts,' whioh was the first book upon the uppermost shelf, nearest the last window, and inserting the paper carefully between its leaves I replaced the book and departed. A horse was awaiting ine at the door, but ere we reached the entrance of the grounds he took fright; I was thrown and instantly killed. Thus died the secret of the confession with me. No one has disturbed that book in all these years, and no one has had the courage to address this messenger from the unknown. The paper will he found as I have stated, and now re mains for you to oorreot the injustice whioh has so long been upon this noble family. My mission is over, and I can rest in peaoe." At tho close of this remarkable speech the spectre faded gradually from sight, and the Bishop was left gazing into space. Recover ing from his astonishment Bishop Wilberforoe went at once to the library, and found the book exaotly as indicated by the spectre. In its sebluded oorner upon the top shelf, thick with the dust of ages, evidently the book had remained on molested many years. There was the dooument just as desoribed, bnt now faded and yellow. The secret of the confession never beoame known to the world. The good Bishop regarded it as a confidence from the spiritual world, and always ended the story with the assurance that the priestly spectre was never again seen. It is a fact, however, that about the time of this extraordinary oocurrencs the magnificent estate in question passed into possession of a remote member of the family. who until then bad lived in obscurity. -N.Z. 