A CRY OF DESPAIR FROM SIBERIA. A Bisstan political nrionar in exile in Siberia wrote to a friend in Eo'opeao Buseia depicting the miseries of bis life in. u this forgotten and God- foreaktn 1 Arolio den, beyond, th bonndaries of -civilisation.'' The letter, which is pub- lished in the current nsmber of "Free Buifiia," took tlx months in ronoiog the gaentlet of the Cztr's Argn-i-eyed officials, It is dated Jane, 1893, at Kolmik. a Siberian town of 600 inhabitants, located far to the corlb. " Daring the first peried of my life here," writes the exile, 11 1 thought it would be an interesting work te send to my friends mora or leu detailed aoconnts of the psoslur conditions of life into whioh we, a little bandfel of Eiropeans, have suddenly been thrown— .conditions to whioh we are as unfit to adapt onreolves as a little body of oivf feed travellers, shipwreoked on tbs eoaet of Greenland, would be to arrange their lives ia accordance with the habits and oir. onmBtances of the native Esqsimaox. Bot most of my manuscripts never resohed lbs persons to whom tbey were sent, and bow even the desire to write them is gone, "y own atnsziment at the extraordinary surroundings here hss grown fsintar and fainter; Lifo in Kolymsk sacks sv.ryone down into itself. It stems to me now like far-.fi dream that aomewbare in tha world there are big towns, filled with pesplo, with large shops, with hontea sf aSTerai storrys, with psTamenta sn whioh great orowds of peoplo go to and fro ; that thsre'aro lands where tha riTara begin to flow in February and da not frsuo i till Novombir ; where, instead of snaw SOTored swamps, there are firida with Ihiik, standing corn and !«< ; lands where there are woodi and gardens, with green lease- oa tho truos ; where the people lisa on bread and snriad sogotab'o food. For as, reslity oonsi.-ds of a pfcrpetnally frozin desert, covered with little bllooke and overgrown with stunted larohes, whiob ou bardly fores their roots through tha otsrnsily frozen suit ; a odd snd filthy ynrta, hardly fit ts be ealled s homon fasbltation, evsn by prop), acoostoujod to thi poverty -stricken no'iin. sf the .Buesisn possantry; for f.od, rolling fl h; for olothiog, snob rage as ar» l.ft sf onr European dress and ringh native garments of half-oar.d skins ; for the rest, solitads, eiloaco, and llfelesaness. I think tha ghosts that wandered mournfully along the banks ef Acheron, lamenting aloud for their lost earthly lifo, mast have felt what wo fool, dragging out onr lives alone on the banks of tho Bi.ar Kolyma. The attsr lack of all aim or interest, forgotfni- ness nf tb. past, and indiff-renoa to the present are steadily taking hold npon ns all." 