LOCAL AND GENEIRIL NEWS. Tan Railway Commiesiocera hare aooepted the following tenders for the repair of cloke and watohs. for two ceers from January 1. 1895:--A. Berga. Brebsnue, Ipswich, and Toswoomba districts: S. Sale. Central Rail. way: and T C. Rye, Northern Bailway. Tat Ieetarina Tea is especially adapted to meet the requirements at Ladies and other Delicate Persons in a hot climate. Pric, 4". pir lb. Calan and FooTa.--[Annp.] 22 Yconnonav's Bundaberg Mail says :--James Wilson. the teamster who was brooght in to the Hospital from Mount Perry let week with his arm emashed by the wheel of his dray. succumbed to his injurieson Monday. From the Srct there existed very little hope of his reoceery. Owing to the delay in bringing the nnfortlnate man to where be conld reseive proper medical attendance mortificstion set in celore the limb was ampinated, aad, although held in check for a while, notwlthstonding all that msdioal akill could do evantually it led to fetal resells. LIraott: Call and inepect oer Millinery. We make this Department a Speeiality in oar bosiness. Prices, Moderate. J.itRcaey nend Co.--;Anvr.] 493 Toe fortnightly meeting of the Pride of Dinmocre Lodge, No. 40, P.L.8S.O.A., wee held in ohe Baptist Cbhrcb at ,cha township en Monday night laet: Blr. J. Atterion w.I.. in the chair. The attendance of mewe here was good, end a large amount of corre spondence was read and received, including l.tleor ontnining donations to the widow Brcogh fund from Not, 6, 34. and 42 lodges. A note of thanks was accorded to the donors. Slok allowance ti the amount of £2 2.. was pas?ed to an aelieg brother. During the "good and welfare" part of the proceediegs, several important matters were dtoostiei, some of which were left over fir fulure con sideratioe. The receipts of the evening amounted to £7 10'. A NxTanr.o'ntraos Photographic Enlarge ment, by F. A. WHataHeaD, either frem Isle or old photograph, will make a Handsome and Most Anoeptable Christmas Present. A Specially Cheap Line, for the Holiday Season only. P. A. Wao/raaxaD Brisbaae.street. \--(Ann.) 354 A Oaaeno?acmno message from London in to-days issue states that the St. Paenrma Vestry are delighted with the saringy-bark blocks that were sent to England from Australia for street-paving pnrpones, that a second oargo of sauh blocks from Tasmania haee been sold at £6 per thousand, and that a third nargo has been ordered at £5 Se. per thousand. In oar last issue we noted that a contract had been placed with Messrs. Dath, Henderson, Bar hbolomew, and Co., of Brisbane, for the supply of eolonial timbers for export for a term of ten years. The sapplying of this contract, it is estimated, will double the present number of hands at tch mill, and necessitate the building of sncreased wharfage aoosmmodateor. Thess faots should stimulate the Qoeensland Gorern meet to make aclive ioquirces at to the possible markets for car ealoable timbers, so chat the opportunity may not be Lost of benefiting by any trade which may be secured. ln disoriots opened up by farmers and selectors, much lImber is burnt off merely to get rid of it, and before long the country will probably awbke to thu fact that it hue beeoae gret Ilter throegh the wholesale denudation of forests that has aksen place. Seeing that we have so Depart went of Forestry. this matter of timber export might well be taken in hand by the Department of Ag6ioulture. 8naLs.-- New Seeds. for planting this month, just arrived in splendid order. Beaas (Preacb and other), Rosella. Caonmber, American Water and Rock Melon (10 verieties), Pump kin (table and field). Vegetable Merrow, Bhubarb Roots, Squash Tomato, Sugarocrn HogPiant. New Tobacco Seed, 5 sore, Vegetable Seeds, of all sorts, kept in stock. Lmpes, Panicom, Lucerne, Prairie Grass, Conch and other grases. Fruit-Trees, Flower. ing Shrubs and Plants in astck. J~so BALL. Nicholasltreet, Ipwioh.--(ArsvT.) 47 AT the Police Court, yesterday morning, se fore the Poltee Magistrate, mthe obae Elisateth A. Hasmell v. Eli Billiard for disobeying an order of the Court, in which decisioln had bsen reserved, Mr. P. A. O'Sullivan appeared on behalf of the complainant, and the defendant was fined £10, with 4s. 05. sorts of Court, £2 9s. profersional costs, and 6n. witnese's ax pmneesa; in default, levy and distress; in de. fault of suffioient distress, four months' im prisonment in Brisbane Gaol. Two young men pleaded "Guilt" ty i charge of furious riding in Down-street, North Ipswicb, on the btb instant. The elder was fined 10s., with Ia. lid. costs of Court and 2s. 64. witness's expenues, in default one week'a retirement in the cells; while the other was fined f.,., and elmiler costs, with the option of three days' imprinonmeut. Seuior.Sergsant Browns re. lerred to the fact of furious riding becoming a nommon prentice, and the Police Magistrate cautioned the offendsrs, advising them to try and behave themselves in future, The fines were paid, Tic usual monthly masting of St. Stepben' Prssbyterian BanS of Eope ioeiety was held en the sohool-room last Mondey evening. Thb Rev. P. Bobsrsoun presided. There was an ezoeptiosally large attendanoe, and the pro gramme submitted was a very lengthy one including the followieg items:--Oerture, 5iThe Berber of fiSeville,"by MrL Trundle(piano) and MiasesFlint tnd Trundle (violins); tbeyalso played "The Neapolitaos" with much feeling ; so?os-Mtsaee Pettigrew and Oowan, Mrs. Tmoedle (2), and Dr. Robsrgros; duets--(in strmentall, 5Misses MLsod; (rocal), Misses Bujohsrt and Allen; aod recitatiocs- Marion Watt, K. Henderson, J. Allen, W. Weit, and C. Smith. Much annoysoe wea asused during the esening by the conduot of a nomber of youths who had assembled outside. We nsderstand that they disturbed the meet ing by throwing stones at the Sunday.school, and that, if such a thing happens agaic, it is the intention of the committee to put the matter in the hands of the police. TnE first of this season's series of cricket matches between the Grammar School ead Combined Press elevens was begno on the for mer's wicket last Tuesday afternoon. E. Pender captained the school eleven, and T. J. Burker the press me., who batrsd first, and had loes eigbt wickets for 82 runs whet stomps were drawn for the day, the contributors being J. Jatvia 38 (not out), -A. T. Stepheosoa It, Parkinson 7, G. Harrison 5. T. Barker 4, A. Maugregor 3, and J, Miller and T. Murphy 1 each, weth 13 byes. Jarvis made a fine hit oer the top gene for 4. Bowling. S. Bennoett took two weokets ior 93 russ, G. Stevens none for 9, G. Wood three for 18, and A. Stewart three for 20. The game it to he contiuted this afternoon. Tan nsnal weekly meeting of St. Paul's eoung Men's MutOal Improvemest Society was held last Tuesday night, when there was a good attendence, and the Rev. . Meeres presided. After the preliminary busioess had been transacted in the Suoday-echool, on the incitation of Mrs. Meeres, the members pro. eseded to the rectory, where the subject for the eening, " Music and ,eadinge," was gone on with. The members snbmitted songs, recitation., end readings, end an eojoyable evening was spent. Mrs. Shated, who was preseut, played the accompaniments on the pineo. On the motion of Mr. J. P. Smith, p bearty cdt. of thanks to the Bev, and Mrs. Meeres and Mrs. Shand was aoeorded with amolsmation, and the meetitg terminated with the singing of the National Anthem, Tax report of the Woogeroo Lunatie Asylum for the week ending on the t0th instant shows that since the previous report there had been admitted eleven males and fire femoles, and one male and one female had been discharged, and one male died. lhe death was that ot Osmar Jalius MucLc late&" of Brisbane, aged forty.one years, of apoplexy. The Medical ouperintendent acknowledges, with chants, the reoeipt of a parcel of papers from the proprietor of the .n 4. ZReono, Btrebhae, for the patients at Goodnd, and from Mrs. W. Voales, Newtowr, for the pstionts at teend, Gallop. A croon specimen of flex, grown by Mr. M. Boyle on his farm near Harrinville, hbs been left at thin ofioe for inapeotio.o The plant is well grown, and ban arrived at that state of maturity soitable for the separation of the fbre from the woody parts of the sltm. A number of farmera in tbs Harrieville district are growing this prodoct, and, at tbere in a prosprot of it being of marketable value for onport purposes, any information from she Agriculturol Department likely to be of ose w:ould be thankfully reoeieed by the caltiva tore. We bold Very Lorge Stooks of Plits eand While Calicoes, being direct shipments from the Manofactucre. No better talus is to be bonnd in Qoeeoatund. J. Rcmat nand Co (AnvT.) 494 AT the Goodon Petty Debts Court. held be core the Police Magistrate and Messras. Ptt and Broad last Tuesdap, S. Donaldson obtained a rortictn for a emal| amoout with so. costs against M, Normae. The snonal Revinion Conet for thoec parts of the Bundanba and Stanley electorates within the Goodne division wee lseo held. The new Court-room at this townebip is rapidly being completed, ON the 31st October. at Burenda, fortyseven men. iec'uding fire learners, shore a eight and a half hours 7149 sheep, averaging a fraoti? better than 112 per son. FPse thousand sTx hundred and fifty-six of the abore sheep were foll.moutbed Bock ewes with 73 per cent. of lambs weaeed from them off the sheare. The balance, 1493, were sio-tooth flock ewes with t0 per ocnt, of lambs weaned. Prom the above ewes 125 bnlea of wool were pressed (110 bales turned out in the day by four men with two presses). Weight of wool (feolunire of packs). 488cwt. 2qrs. 1i1b., or a little drer 71b. per sheep. Tullits of men over 160 :-216, 208, 105, 204, 201, 19l, 189, 189, 183, 182, 176,175, 171, 172, 170. 108. 163. 182, 160.158,167,167, 113\. This willgiveenidea whrtcan bhearned by good men in the year with a bit of ionk. D. D. Gaoete. I?an D. D. Guzetie of yesterday sap --We are informed that a gentleman commissioned by the Brisbane Milling Company was in Too. woomba yesterday inspeoting nitbs for a floor mill which they contemplate erecting. Should the project aesome practical form inoreasad impetus will be given wheat-growing in the district, end yet anolb er boildiag will he erented in cur midst, PmoBO an adverlisement in another solemo, it will beasen that the Rev. Then. Parr, M,.A. (late African Missionary), will preach and lecture in the Brinbheno.treat Congregational Church on Thuraday afternoon sad evening, the 22nd instant. The sermon will oemmence at 3 o'clock and the lectnre--the sobject ol which is "Pesols Among the Heathen"'-at a quarter to8. Thaeroy. gentloman is vasiting Ipawich in nonneotlon with the Primitive Methodist Missions, and olleotions in aid of these missions will be taken np. Mr. Parr has a great reputation as a preacher, lecterer, and vocalist, and, whtls in Queenaland with Mrs. Parr some twelve months ago,.he created a must farourable impression on his many audienoes. It is therefore expected that a large number of persons will attend, more especially as ths meetings ars in aid of a land. able object. Tan Wide Bay fleecs of Tuesday says : About 6 o'clock yesterday evening the body of a man wan noticed floating in the river opposite Pettigrew's wharf. The police were at once Informed and sneered thb body, which they took to the margue. Tae body wan folly drnesed. No money wan fond, bat there was a railway oloahenam tiket, No. 88,622, Maryborough station, dated the 5th of November, for a ewag left there, signed U. Evans, ofeoer in charge, the namn on the ticket being George Donald. He wan dressed in a light grey tweed pants, grey tweed coat, a blue and white check shirt, a blus and white spotted necktie, and elaatic tide hoots. He was clean shaved, with moustache only. He was seen alive on the Prince of Wales's Birthday, and stayed at Hoses boarding-hnoce, Heosme from Caires, end acid he waa going to Ipswicb. It is supposed he had fallen in the sitar Irom the wharf. Mr. 0. Bon.n the stationmester, tape he know deoeased twenty years ago. Oc view, a choice collection of Pointisgs just fioished from the brush of A. D. BStes, I of the IXL . Proto. Co.. Nioholoetrees. These se all firstclass, and oar patrons are thorooghly pleased and satisfied; so much so, indeed, that we hare received qaste a number of commissions from residents of Ipswich and noighbburing districts. Ocr seeoees has been marvelloos, having painted more than all the. artists and photogrophers nombined in Queens. land in Portraiture. These Works of Art are to be seen at Mr. ImeLkoo'o Confeetionery Show Window. Brisbene-ntroet. An inepec? titn iuvited.--(Anvc.l 35 Ma. W. F. Wosoroc, who died at COmbing Park, Carcoar, a few days ago(saye the Iydney Doily Telegproh) was one of the original mom bera of the great firm of Cobb and Co., the others beig Messrs. A. W. Robertoee, John Wagner, W. B. Hall, W. B. Bradley, and James Rutherford. Twenty years goe (says the _Zfnionac Advocatel the operatiooa of the firm were nothing ehurt of enormoun. An eoach and buggy builden they did a business the many ramificatiocs of which extended aIl most from end to end of the eastsrn coast. An noaching oontraotore they harnessed 6600 hoesm a day alone, employed, direotly and indirectly, some thousands of hands, aed paid in wages the etartliog esm of over £200.000 a year, the while their contraotc for the mania were of such an extensive character that they ran into £100 000 a year at leant. Ae sqeatters, too, the businesa which they did was o a corresponding ecale; the propertien worked by them extended over three oplonies; whilst, as mining men, they enterprised in gold, sIver, coiper, iron, and coal ; and, as ooe ef a syndicate, established the Lithgow ironworks, which at ooe time paid in wages over £3000 a month. Great as were all these things, however, they were not tbn full extent of this wtnderful firm's opera tione by a long way. As contractors with the Qovernment they dida vast amount of railway eoustruotisg, and it was they who built than diflfoult line freo Glno Ibone to Taetorofeld in this colony, the heaviest railway bontraot that ever was let. ComorNLlY the beet medicine koown Is SNDn ASND Sons' Ecealypti Ectroot, Test its eminently powerful eleots in congbs, colds, influene--the relief is instantaneoos In serionus eases, and accidente of all kinda, he they wounds, burns, oaldings,, hrnises, sprains, it en the safest remedy--no swelling, no ionfammation. Like eorprising effacts produced in croup, diphtheria, bronohitic, inflammation of the lunge, awellings, &o.; ; diarrhms, dyson. tery, diseasesof tbhe idneys and urinary organs, In use at hospitals and medionlolinite alt over the globe; potronieed by hieliajesty the King of Italy ; crowned with medal and diploma at international Exhibition, Amoterdam. Trust in this approved article, and reject all others. -IDV?E.? dl6 Ie some ranhs of society it is an unwritten law that no dress shall be worn twioe. A .ateais wealthy American lady gave an order reoently to a Parisian firm for no fewer than forty'drenses averaging £10 each, and another Pariein firm has a standing order to supply the B?mpreas ol Jopan with £4000 worth ol clothes every year. A cope was made recently, the price of which was £2000. It bad solid gold clasps, and wan ordered by a London lady. Tmo draoghts ohampionebip tourney hetwe ? Messnr. H. Campbell and 0. W. Allen for the championship of West Moreton wes oem meosed, in the Council Chambers, las night. The first game played was that of the "Doable Corner," aed was woo by Campbell after an hour andten minutes' hardplay. Inthe secnd gama-" The Glasgow-?tbe tabl e were turned, however, and Allen wan victorious after about forty micutee' play. The ontoed willbs renewed no Fridoy night next, Hi Worship the Mayor (Alderman Wyman) acted as referee and Mr. J. Cn? as tim'-kaeper. Twelve games in all will bh played, and at theft cooclusioo the w Doer will play le winner 'of the Brisbane anotansent for tte obampionshin of the eolony. sreet interest was taken in the pIly !ast n'gl~t, it being watthed by a large nu nL or ofspeo'ctOrn. Hoano.owccxco ({sya "Roekot") are finally reminded that Mr. John Quirk, han. secretary of the Bremer Valley Racing Club, will, up till 8 o'clok on Saturday evening next, reeeive nominations for the handicap races to be decided at the anneal meeting of that clab on the 10th proximo. The events then cloeelg are-- Hurdle Race, at 6 sove., cue mite and a half; Resevale Handieap, of 10 soya., one mile cnd e half; and Members' Race, of 6 sore., one mile. In order that letters may daly reach their destination by the appointed time, it will he necsseary for them to be poated early to~morrow, aod intending nominatore would do well tonote that fact. Theeatraece fees have been made as reasonable as possible, and, the programme being a wrIl compiled ens, there should be a goodly number of entries. un Saturday neat, there will ho an unregistered race-meeting en Mr. P. J. Colline' coerse, Noemanby Reserve, when a programme will be run eff consisting of-Maiden Plate, at 2 sovs., fire furlongs; Trial Stakes. of 2 avae., one mile; Normenhy Randitap, of 31 save.. one mile and a half; Poblieane' Parse. of 2 sous,, one mile; aud FiPal Platter, of acr., five ferlongs. Entries for all events close on the ground, and, seeitg that there are many ountrty hackneys about that ehould be suie able for racing at this meeliug, there should be big fields is most of the races tn be decided, Poauces PooTna. Fruit Merchant, ci Niohelas.street, has just reoeived Fifty- eight Caeua of Parramatta Oranges, also Lemons. The Oranges are of magniicent flavnor, being eweeter than the Toowoombaones. Comeand bay some, and prove it; hall price all fruit. wholeoale and retail.--[(Aov.] 614 Ocr Tuesday last, the Rev. P. Robertson, president of the Ipswicb Christian Eodeevoer Union, aoampamed by the Rev. Jlmapb Walker, president of the Qaeeasland Union, prooseded to the Presbyaerian Church at Wireahos Poekat, Fern eale, for the pnrposeef fsnmihing information regarding the Christian Eodeavonr movement. The Rev. A. Wilson aed some of his Churoh people, ronsidering it desirable that a eocity ahauld be formed among them, requested a visitation from the exeontire of tbs leal union in order that prin. ciples and methods should be euplained and, if possible, a society farmed in eonnetion with the Church, and, as the committee are always roady to de, a vileation as mentioned was ar ranged. Havieg arrited at the church early in the afternoon, the ministers were enter. tamced by the good folk of the hirk at a soaial tea, whieh betokened the warmth of the hearts that beat in that boeatitf, At the meeting snbsequalntp held in the ehurob, the Bar. P, Robsrteon presiding, there were about staty persoes present, and the sbort but intereestig history of the movemest, prieoiplee, methods, and results were spoken of by the Chairman, the Rev. Joseph Walker, Mr. C. Soott, and Mr. T. Stewara, Mr. Wiluon, pastor of the Conurh, having thanked the visitors for the trouble they had taken to afford so meoh isformatiourrrqueeted any of these present to signify their willingness -to join in the formation of a society, wiab the resalt that ten active and two ssooiatel members were enrolled. The meeting, which was interspereed with spirited sieging (Miss Rain presiding at the orgst), was in every way an enjoyable one, alt present manifesting such interest as to give the sarenece that the focndation of a strong society ese been laid, Twa Neotarina Tea makae the afternoun tea table a deligbtfal pleasure to Ladies and others of a refined and delicate taste. Price, 4. per lb. Oiasund FoOu-[ADavr,] 22 "Oo SPooar molten :.-SgtddarL' English Elseen will oommence their mateh againat the Victorian Eleven tn.morrow, at Melbocros. What sbrt of an iaternational battle has the game between the visitiag team and thu Bouth Anstraliao representatives turned oat to bhl There must have been grand orieketing on both sides, th asplendid batting of Darling for it? and the exeatltnt trundling of the rsnowoed Seorge Glen being the feateres of a maguifi. mat trial for anpremany. The winners of the Sbhefield shield trophy last season htve moar thban maintained the high opinion formed of their capabilities as a good sli.ronud eleoen, and the statemeot by George CiuBan in liat month's Revicec of Reoirec. that "Darting is one of the most promising bateman we have," has been fully borne out by the dorliug (the telegraphist termed it one of the "pretsess"l innings ever witanesed on the Adelaide oval-- namely. 117, two more than that pat up by Brown on thl opposite side. Theo orJng In both the grat innings of either side was remarkably high, as follows :-Esglishmea, 478; Soothknstralisne, 383--the colonials being 95 runs to the bad; but what price getting the visitora out, durisg tbe eaeood emay, for a total of 130 runs, GOJen being thbs hief destroying agent to the tune of seven wiekets for 49 rnas. The Sooth Aass tralians, with a seore of 226 to make to win, aonomplished this with the loss of loaur winkets. The fast trundlera, Riohordson cnd Loskwood, have not name off yet. We shall see how they shape in Victoria. AT a letture on "The Devil in the Nine tesnth Centnry," recently delivered by Rev. Fatber Le Renhetel, in Sydcyey he said thatat a eanc e held at Newtown one of the ministers present asked the ghoat about a mine in Qasensland. "Thareare umilliona?of puanad in it," said the ghost. The minister Invested every penny he hed--U4000 or £50t--and just five daya afterwards the mine wan deolared bankrept. So much for the versoity of "spooks." lInux is an example from the laud of the enterprising go-ahead Yankee which eolnd be eopied with advantage by ladies directly or in directly interested in the agreoaltoure industry. nays the Toowoomba Ck/ronicle :-*" One of the latest developments in tbs farming distriots of the United States is the establishment nf clubs for farmers' wives. These are not political olubs, bet they are organised for the purpose of mutual help, and in exchanging ideas en womno's work in the field, the dairy and the household. They are eatending rapidly, and are sattrating great attestien. The wives of farmers are sbowing a large amount of nommon. sense, and the rsports of their prosedings in the Amerioan agrioultural press ace mat iuteresting." Meetings are held by tlb Pro. grosaivo lounsehold, ae the members term themaelei, which take the form of reading papers on epecial subjects and disaussiug the aouoents of a query bor. At a meeting held at Denver, Col., the follomiug questions ware put end aaswered :c-ow to pack nots ? Haveany of the ladies tried the eanncoohiog process for preserving fruit? Ia what country nan thse raise two orops of wheat aad four crops of maize a year ? Bow do you make good bread ? After all these riddles had been satiefaotorily answered the ladies retired to refreshments, and diecunsad the followlng till of fare for their supper:--"'Bisocit and bctter, honey, fried obcoken, picktes, pars, peanhee, plam sauoe, coke, chocolate and loafe ehesse. cofer, tea.' C(lub Itfe is much the esme with both sexes; Irom labour to refreshment, from refreahment to habour. Tan followiun items of news from Syduty sppoer in cue Telegrcpot :-in reply ton qes8 tion the Colonal Secretary laid on the table of the Assembly, last night, a return showing that there are thirty nine patients row deta:ned in the lezoreate at Little Bay, all af whom are saffering from leproae.--It is nnderetood that Mr. B R. Wi-tsnd the Premier had e friendly chat cn Tuesday night at Parliament Honse in regard to the dirergecos of oiews which reoently took place between them in retard tn tasrff reform aed lead teratioc. As c resultof the eoanenastion it is undorstood that Mr. Reid and Mr, Wise are now in general aocord in regard to the freetra a poliey. Tao Winton eorrespondent of the Coa'icr telegraphs as follows, under data the 1cth instant :--Actiug under the Peace Preservatioa -hu, the polceo on Monday, the dcl? inetcut, neearohed the premiser of William Higgria, saddler, Denin Griffec, storekeeper, and Edward Piun, storekeeper at ]oynuca, and found a quantity of firearms mnd ammunition, which they eeiced. The owners were arresteod and taken before Measrs. 51. M'Cownu cud R. Iorrison. JJ.P., the same day and die~a'taged, but the firoarms and ammunction ware brderad to be forfeited. A Yrouw man, named Albert Stegma, a - farm labourer, aged nrseeteen year., ron e1 Mlr. Wilhelm Stegmaf, farmer, of Plainulnde, met, on Monday evening talt, with a painful, though rather simple, accident. He wan, at the time metlioned, playing with some othera in a yard, and, renning emartly roand the corner of a building, he acoideotatly ran iuto a clotbel-line, which, eatobing him aorene the neok, threw him nomewhat heavily to the ground, with the result that hie right eollar bone wa sbroken. The nufferer came to town yeeterday morning by train, and wansn oie. quently admitted into the Horpital, where hia injarien were atleuded to by Dr. Thornton. T"' Poel and Telegraph Department advises that mails for England derpatohed from Brie. bare on the 5th of Gotober per . M.e. Arcadia arriced at London on Saturday afternoon, the 1otb inatant. 