: ((. Vl- 'i V. A WOMAN'S WIT. : Daring tho assizes heldin a Southern. <niy!tho ooarfc was crowded "to ita utmost capacity, whilo an impatient mass of " ewayinf? / humanity onteido owaitod tbo vordiot. It > was a case of pqonomonal intqrqjlt.1 (Two yptog ifpl)oWiisf- 'good hirtfi, companions qinwiicbilfibp, had BM.-tJiOBwqlvqq .tOLOsrosfamftand fortune, , . .. or'vtljo' latter at, Iqaal ,.in the.ir.)vnatiro plSCO ;-Albortl.Mn6grsycKaa.aa:artist, Hcrrt/Oadsbpi/a's ;a. doctoti . Their IoTO,/pr;(ioh;pthor wa»;;brotberijir-yot lore was tho gulfiwhloh-ooparaied them. ;Boft. had been .fascinated ..with, tho charms of a snnny-haired, bright-eyed, UngMnjfJpiotijreHbf', boa'dty. Her admirors were. .legion, bat her favors . .were, prettyj equally/- bestowed botwoOn ' ;;i£nsg»To and Cladson, ; , One morning peopjo wore horrified with reimport of a murder.. Mnsgravo ' had, beon.shot in his studio. A.revolver was found on .tho table a fow. inches bom, the dead body. Tho ballot, which aim. unsuiis uuuua« . «» lodged in tho wall .oppoaito, exactly fitted the chamber, and was precisely similar to the others which the rcTolrer ' contained. Both revolver and, -cart- . ridges ware, proved to have becnj bought :byOadson„ within twonty-fonr hours of ' the murder. - He' wee known to havo been at the house about tho time the : crime, had boon committed. .All those things.) be folly .admitted. Only one fact he domed, but this was the'ovidouce that chiefly condemned him. ' Edna DysSrt, thajebarmer, through riealousy of whom he was supposed to havo committed tho murder, swore, to seeing himclosc to the house ; indeed, she had spoken to him, bnt. ho strangely enough hid, passod. hsr, refusing to peak. .The general evidence against him was so overwhelming that , there could be no donbt of tbo issno. , The prisoner had condemnod himself by his own. (admissions, yot he emphatically asserted bis innocence. The eventfol day of tho trial cama, Oonnsel had labored for and against, Tbe jadge had summed np tho points of the case; the jmy retired to consider. The breathless hash of suspense was oppressive. The sngol of death Boomed almost visible.. Presently a door opened. Twelve men onterod and solemnly took their scats. ' "Guilty or not guilty?" « Guilty 1 " A piercing shriek, swfol from. Its \- burden of agony, rang through tho eonrt, and Edna's unconidons form was borne out. For tbo first time tbo prisoner quailed. All through the trial bo bad bebavod with almost cations coolness. Her voire unminned him. Ho buried bis face in his hands, groaning aloud and trembling violently. With an effort he regained his manly boating. , Whan asked if he bad any reason to state irby.eontenco of death should not be passed on bim, bo drow, himself' np, and in a firm, clear voico said,— " To-day my words are an empty sound; one day thoy. will bare great POnOTf suuugu me/ niu wuiu uava mvu the cold dopths of tho tomb. I am innocent. No man will boliovo mo. 1 speak for the fntnro, because I boliovo an Avenging Jnatfoe, with nnorring and irresistible aim, will bring truth to light. Then! I wish yon to remombormy words. Then Herbert Oadson, who- now Btands " with the ehamefal earse of s mnrdorOr on bis bead, will have the halo of a ..martyr," ; The sentence of death was passed, tho judged voire being scarcely, audible : amidst women's sobs. One person alono seemed unaffeotod. With tho qniet demeanor of a hero, Herbert folded Iris . arms, to recoive hie doom without a \- ; quiver. To, the last momentous words, "May the Lord have meroy on your ' ."!' . soul 1 " he responded, with a firm but ' i reverent' "Amen." ./ j;-. ! j Mr Darter, Herbert'e solioitor, was distnrbsd in bis office by a yonng lady whom he at first , fai'ed ! to recognise as Edna,, What 0 marvellous change ! ' Her haggard facei Jar/re eyes looking 1 < / larger from their snnsen sookots, tho fieroe determined expression of her face, .! inade tho old lawyer betray his enrprise 1 in spite of himself. Was this the airy, smiling orootnre of a 'fow days ago? i She had aged years. ' He invited her to ' ' 1 ; a seat, then inquired the object of her ':v. " To free Horbert>, Oadson, 'Ho ie innocent," and I havo discovered tho -culprit,",. The lawyer looked at her, tnt V : did not speak. " Perhaps yon think ino ' / yn.rr ," Well. I have not boon, far from !( '' ! r it,. WKtiP. yn m0n havo. pitied him i : and wondefb, I, a/ weak woman, have , ! 'worked," ' < . ' 1 ' " Hevn .ynn' Sny pvidenco/of your statement ?" - . '> ."Ample; The murderer has foot / two inoMsJlonger than, Herbert's, .yHn ' ; wore 'a pair ijf old goloshes -with a ont ' aoross thp left sole. : Herbert never pos- ; q'essed/sntfc.thjmgs. On' that night, ho : wore a light suit,-; : tho othor follow wore !, a dark/ tweed suit- with, a /rod thread, rather V peoullar kind of- 1 material, fighter jn weight, and mnoh.choopqr." i , : " How in the fiaino of all that is tationaldid jon loam this?" ; " Thoyaby ngs my talo, .I believod . : Herbert to be innocent. Common: sonso . told mo qrime- , always, loaves a trace for those who wish, to, see. ,No!;phe ever . ' sought.' They wpro!patiBfiod with euper- .flmal appoaranocs. . Knowing the Iand- ' . lire!, 1 obtained permission to sen the ' ; flacoess, I was yielding to despair ami windored hack into tho garden. Sad- doily Fidocsporpd about mo with some thing in his month. It was a hnndkor- . chief. I took it. A glance mado mv Heart stop— blood stains. Iexaminod . ... tho haridkerohiof as a forlorn digger would gold dnst. It' was a woman's. : . It . Was marked ' P. H„ Number four.' j : y I wMgniaed it, ani knew the owner, I . , C Ui' fionoit it; What a peculiar ecent. I r;V renewed my search with vigor. It was evident the criminal bad escaped by the' buck ' gate. Heviving hope fired mo. Inoh;by inch I sorntinissd doors, walls, windows, anything nnd ovorything, large and; small. For tbrco days I hunted \- unceasingly. "My total discoveries word somo , . ' threads of cloth torn off while squeezing through a email window, .blood stains on> tho sash arising- from a cat with a rusty nail, in tho wood, , footprints on the ground beneath the window, Tho ground whs soft -enough to receive an impression. 'Very, otoso: examination !j . Mvoaled a pbonhar imnriht'.with a cut norpss.; An inopiration dawned upon me —goloshes! From theso links how ' should I form a ohninP Firpt, tho ! k handkerchief. I wont to Haycock's, tbo ' pbtmist, jae.mgesoked bis shop, but 'I 't i - /.'"VT.'iyj'jj " copldyriot find me a scent liktj itr 'I shot am arrow at a vontnro and.said— . . fiFon sold eomo to Mfss Harvey, I think'?'. V ''Oh, yes ;,I know now, I got that especially for hor. I am sorry I have mono left:' "I reeled out of- thq ebop. . I was on tho traok. 'P. H.''wcro Priscilla Harr vby's initials ; ' this 'was her handker chief. I wont straight to.;her housd. During, my stay I feigned, losing my handkerchief. . 'Sho lent .mo tho ' exact counteiport .of ;tho ono,X. 'had' fonhd eavq< that it was marked ' Nnmbor boron.' - I twitted her- that eho woe in the habit of loading, her- handkerchiefs to gentlemen.1 She langhed and blnshed. I' bqntered her.ii;to confebs.lou. Sho had never lent -bat one.,! She. told -mo ,tp whom. - 1 involnntarijy ,jnmp«t from my chair, bat hid -enongh eelf oontrol to roearer .myself,' protending I had assumed astonishment. , ' ' "Now. I had fairly run down .my game. „ How, shtnld I .get into -his boose? Providence. aided mo.. -Yoa.are an- old. man, and have, known mo from infonoy, so I can apeak freely to yon. At one time be paid me eaoh attention that I had to ignore him. I knew his landlady, woll, a garrulous old dame. I fear that I am uatualiy wicked; for my plan was formed immediqtcly. Entice him with softest words and all yonr resources of- fascination.- From him end tbo old' woman yon. will learn and obtain alL "I sncocoded beyond my wildest hope.. I-need not weary yon with the details. By dint of coaxing and pre sents I induced tbo old, damo to let mo do as I pleased. I talkod . to he>, of Herbert till her head eras turned. Then I made her my confidanto. I wanted to make hor lodger a pair of slippers with out his knowledge. Sho ofiered me a pur to measnro. No. I know he had a pair of goloshes somowhoro. Oonld l steal them for a day or two ? Buried in a oorner of the wardrobo I found a pair. I turned them up. There was s .cnt serosa the solo of the left foot. I trem bled so violontly I nearly let them drop. I.took them to Mnsgrave'a honso thoy fitted tho prints exactly. I have had. tho ecrapings- of the sole of tho footprint analysed by tho chemist, who saya they are identical . " I have traced the salt of clothes, and can prove the purchaser and date of pnrchaee. Bat one thing remains un done. I aworo I saw Herbert three minntca after tho mnrdcr close to the back of the honso. As Herbert is dark and the cnlprit is light he most have disgnisod himself, which proves design: A local hairdresser says ho loat tho same man some wigs, whiskers, and so on, for private theatricals. Certainly no private theatricals have taken plaoo, while he had them , before and returned after the date of the mnrder, so thoy wero in bia possession then. Concerning the deed itself, yon know Herbert swore ho left the. revolver with Mnsgravo an boar before." " Yon astound mo,, a girl like yon, with each astuteness I It passes my comprehension." "Don't yon think ,1 have good grounds for bis arrest ?" " Certainly. Who ie he ?" " Mr Satley, tho enrato." Mr Carter -fairly leaped from his chair mth an irrevorent expression of snrprise. It took him some little- time to subside into his nsaal eatiu. Than he sent for the inspector of pclii-e, putting all dotails into his poaeobsiuu. Two hours , after the officer, returned to Mr Carter's sanotnm with a somewhat gloomy face. \- " It is ail over, Mr Carter." ; " What, has he confessed ?" | "Yes; in- words -and action. Iwas going' np'to Mr Satley's house when l eaw him ooming. Ho was in a great hnrry, carrying a - portmanteau. This, jvith bis face, made, me think ha -knew we were after him. Miss Edna was very smart, bat she ehoald have consulted us before she took thoaogoloshes., ..Women ere so impulsive. Well I followed bim.. As I expected,. he went to the railway station. I touched htm and advised him not to bay a ticket, as ho ffogld waste his money. He turned paler than Ham let's ghost. J : "<Qod help mo. I was mad ! It was .nil for her,' he said, in a quivering voice. 1 Plowe d) got handonff mo,1 he implored. ' Vary. well Mr Satley,' I replied. "Just then the shriek of an express tvYiintln mnrin mfl fitftrt. TTn rlrnnnnn life; hag and dashed aoross tho platform, 1 eftsr him. Ho won the raco. I lost a prisoner. Ho jumped olean on to tho bailors, whioh hnried him ofi like a football, over and ovor. His body is lying at tbo mortuary now." 1 » ' ' e. ' Every clond h8,3 8 silver, lining. The sunshine of this narrative jp seen in two faees whioh reflsot the joy of love united, so nearly destroyed, by shame end 