jgrffwitmtf HOSPITAL SUNDAY, THE annual collection for the medical charities will be made in the churches tomorrow, and, for the sake of those to whose poverty sickness adds so much bitterness, it is much to be regretted that the community is not in a better ppsition for responding to the appeal. The circumstances under which the collection was made last year were far from being favourable, and no improvement in them has taken place. But it was then found that though the sources of charity had contracted, they were not exhausted, and this, we are sure, will be the experience of this year also. .People will feel now, as they did then, that ft diminished income does not absolve themfrpm their obligations to the poor, though it may be a good and sufficient reason for not contributing quite as much to their relief as in prosperous times. That, however, is not the most generous view that might be taken of the matter. There is another that will, we hope, more generally prevail, and it is that the prolonged depression from which the colony is still suffering has widened the area of helpless distress and sickness, and that, consequently, there is greater need than heretofore of self-denial and liberality on the part of those who have been so fortunate as to escape financial wreckage. That charity which is really the salt of the earth, and yet contributes nothing to the exaltation of'the unostentatious giver, is nncalculating and impulsive, and to charity such as that we look for a happy result of to-morrow's collections. If charity were always nicely apportioned to one's means and wants, amd the decision in each case were left to selfish human nature, there would be but faint evidences of the great virtue in the world. If our gifts to the poor were so measured out, many more of them would remain hungry and athirst than aj-e now neglected. As it is, too many of them suffer from that grudging spirit of charity which does not proceed from the heart, and takes no measure of' the necessities of the poor and of the sick. Oar Hospital Sunday would never have been the success it has been if people had not been generous even .beyond their mean3 in supporting it ^ . and bearing in mind that the resources of the medical charities are taxed to the very Utmost, the church congregations to-morrow will not, we anticipate, be less generous than heretofore. The worshippers will not weigh or measure their /gifts by a self-fixed standard which'' wholly regards their own wishes and convenience, and takes little account of the necessities of the poor. By experience' we are fully justified in expecting that they will act generously, and that the Catholic body will once more prove that in their case a generous hand is always open to the claims of melting charity. AB the preptra- THB tions for this CATHEDRAL FAIR, great event progress j the pations regarding it Teceive further confirmation. The preparations are on avast scale, and are being carried out in sepa^^te divisions under the general control of an executive committee, over which the Archbishop of Melbourne presides. To the work of the several sub-committees we shall not particularly tefer, as, described in ...^aq&iig;^gfig, though iVviirdefeigtied iii efejehfcMe ta contribute to the imposing; general effect aiihed at, and .will be found to admirablyahswer that purposes . deferring to a few'o^fee^yre^prominent features for which aftOTj^efits' «re already far advanced, we may say that the opening ceremony on Friday, 2nd November, will be a really grand and brilliant affair, such as will far surpas.8 any spectacle of the land seen in the Exhibition Buildings since the in- auguration of the last great World's Fairwhlfch'Tbts held there. The ceremony will be performed by the Earl of Hcpetoun, the Governor of the_colony r and it seems most probable that accompanying his Excellency and the Countess of Hopetoun there WIT^he' 'the ^Governors and ppynriJ r pr?r"'» fin f officii the neigh bouring colonies. And with this very uncommon gathering of rank and fashion the surroundings will be in keeping, being rare,rich,and beautiful. Inits most prominent features it will be a scene such as, a few centuries past, might have been witnessed at an assemblage of notables in old London, or in Antwerp when the livery men or burghers were assembled in the market place observing some ancientcustom. Another sub-committee, in the work of which the public have much interest, is that charged with the varied entertainments that are to be "in constant swing." The members of this committee are not novices in the work they have undertaken, and besides knowing all about it, they have gone into it with enthusiasm Buch as should be productive of a series of amusements and sports that will arouse keen competition for the handsome prizes offered, and will excite unflagging interest in the public mind. The precise nature of these and all other-attractions will be a n n o u n c e d ^ « n \ a neat daily publication, from "whicfi v visitors may <fbtajn all .the information they requiri And in 5 "which ' they will find something to agreeably' engage their attention ;whenj>-iiot otherwise occupied." We hope to be able next week to be a little more definite in our notice of the arrangements, but even from the little we have said on the subject our readers should, we think, be able to see that in this instance the mountain in labour will produce a right good,healthy sensation such as all classes of the community may enjoy at small cost and with little trouble. THIS may be described as a new PLATING WITH SPOOKS. game, though old ideas and old practices largely enter into its composition in altered forms, from which much amusement is derived. It consists of calling up spirits, and they come in very questionable sliape, wearing black masks, and enveloped in some yards of genuine Manchester white calico. They show themselves in various moods, some of them solemn, silent, and dignified, so conforming to tradition as closely as did the ghost of Hamlet's father. Other spooks are merry, elfin-like creatures, who have preserved in the land of shadows their taste for chocolate creamy, and relish delicacies of the kind when revisiting this sublunary sphere. But these spooks, though condescending enough in soiftfe things, are in others hard to please. They hare, in fact, dislikes that ate ' insuperable, and one of these is to a strong light. They also object, to any {aipilijirities that are not sanctioned by the medium who had not invoked them, and to prevent any mistakes on that head the iberties that may be taken with them aije distinctly prescribed, and there is spmeone present to see that they are not exceeded. A Mrs. Mellon , has been giving siancea in Sydney, and during her stay in the " cabinet," or really in a eorner behind curtains which opened in the centre .to .allow the spook to come forth, her husband managed things outside the charmed circle. He saw that the lights were lciyr enough to satisfy the spooks, and that , the visitors were in their proper places and kept them. Then the spook advanced tb soft, slow' music, instrumental or vocal, and according to its mood behaved itself. The spirit of a little black child known aa Cissy was the most successful performer, and as she was almost invariably on the scene, a bag of delectable cream chocolates always awaited her. But there waa a great deal of mischief in this selfrsame Cissy, notwithstanding her innocent demeanour and childish prattle. A Mr. Henry, a believer, and a frequent attendant at these teancta, losing faith on this occasion, quickly seized Cissy a arm, and &B; the spook was in the materialised state, he was able to retain hold of it till light was . let in on the scene. And then it was Mrs, Mellon, and not a spook, he had in his grasp I Describing the adventure in a statutory declaration, Mr. Henry aays S— . Someone atruckmatche*. tod I pen saw that Mf«. M^Lw W j Onft^ « black awteritt her faft the »fore- said white drapery round her shoulders, her sleeves drawn up above the elbows, the skirt of ber dress turned up, and her feet bBre. She was on her knees, and I held her in the position in which I had caught her. The matches were blown out, and I was assaulted by two or three men present, Mr. Mellon catching me by the throat and tearing off my necktie. I never let go my hold of Mrs. Mellon, however, until the gas in the back room was lit and turned full on, and everyone present had had an opportunity of seeing Mrs. Mellon in the position and in the condition in which I had caught her. I looked inside the "cabinet," and saw lying upon the floor inBide the cabinet a false beard. I called Mr. Boydhojisp; over, and he picked up the beara^-but it* was snatched from his hand.' As soon as I relaxed my hold, Mrs. M-eJlon tore the black mask from her ffice and tbe drapery from her shoulders, and hid them 1 under unaer her aer petticoat. y ; I then entered the cabinet, and ieuacL on the floor a small black shawl, some old muslin, Mrs. Mellon's shoes and stockings, and a small black cotton bag, about 9in. square, with black tapes attached to it. I did not think it necessary to retain any of these articles, as so many witnesses saw both them and the whole proceedings. . . . But conclusive of fraud as this may seem to people of ordinary intelligence, Mrs. Mellon has an explanation of it that seems quite satisfactory to herself, her husband, and a few others whose faith is much stronger than Mr. Henry's was. You see, " these forms are made up of atoms and particles from the atmosphere, and from those in circle, combined with the Nerve Aura and the Life Essence ' of the medium; and if anything interferes with the form, which is really part of the medium, it must necessarily hurt the medium and will draw the medium into the form." Does not that meet the whole case? The spook was instantaneously dematerialised, and the medium filled its place. As for the black mask and the Manchester calico, Mrs. Mellon denies their existence, and when she recovers her health, which is not just now in the best state, she will reproduce Cissy under test conditions. It-is to be hoped that she will recover quickly, and be in a position to confound the incredulous people who believe that the chocolate-eating spook has vanished for the last time, and that Mrs. Mellon's occupation in these parts is gone. SOME time since we THE LABOUR mentioned, though not QUESTION. very hopefully, that the Chamber of Commerce had invited the Emplpyers' Union and the Trades' Hall Council to send delegates to a conference which should endeavour to solve the labour difficulty, and so establish better relations between the employers and the employed. The invitation was accepted after some preliminary obstacles had been overcome, andjtJxe. .conference has been held, JBflt-it! bag.been^abortive. The fepreaehtatives of €he Chamber of /Commerce and of the Trades' Hall (boubcU "weiMSu iavour of the compulsory^riijciple should friendly arbitration fail /any. «ase, , t bjut• ,the representatives of theEniployfl» , 'Union rejected that proposal on the ground that compulsory reference would be incompatible with freedom. Of course it would, but that would be nothing new in connection with industrial,operations. Freedom is already considerably restricted in their prosecution. They cannot be carried on under conditions dangerous to the health of the community or to the hands employed. The law insists upon adequate space, cleanliness, and ventilation, and in other respects imposies obligations on employers which abridge their freedom. That being so, the objection raised to the compulsory principle cannot be. regarded as valid. But whilst the rejection of the principle by the Employers' Union does not place that body in a favourable ; light before the public, it is not clear to us that the principle could be enforced against such opposition as it might meet with. On that aspect of the case we have more than once made our views clear, and, therefore, need not. repeat them, in this instance. We tiave »qen 1 no reason to that'acquiescence in the con^pplr* 1 '" principle by the disputants on both sides would be productive of good results. It would, to some extent, bind each party to abide by the decision of " a constituted authority, and would so avert strikes that could not be otherwise prevented. Though jt might be difficult ... m all tHBCB| cases, and in some impossible, to enforce a penalty, the bare fact that provision had been made for doing so and that steps would be taken to carry out the law, would have a sobering effect on people who were not prevented by the very weightiest considerations .from obeying it. That is an aspect of the case which most likely has not escaped the notice of the Employers' Upion. A compulsory law could, of course, be enforced against them with more, ease and with a better chance of success _ than """" against the m ein- -plowed, and if the employers urged that view vinw of nf the case <*naf> in iuaf.ifiont.inn justification of the attitude they have assumed, their position would be stronger than it seems to be from the explanation they offer. However, it is to be hoped that the parties will be brought together once more, for, difficult as the problem on which they have separated unquestionably is, its solution should not be re* garded as impossible. THE silence and THE HOUSE OF LOBDS. seeming half-hearti. ness of the Rosebery Ministry respecting the powers of the House of Lords in the Constitution has been a check upon the earnestness of the Liberal party for some time, and has also been viewed with much dissatisfaction by Irish Nationalists. And not without reason have the supporters of the Ministry generally been discontented at its inaction on this question. The attitude the Peers have assumed most effectually blocks all Liberal legislation. Subject only to their own good- will and pleasure, they have assumed complete control of Parliament. They have usurped alike the privileges of the Commons and of the Crown. They nullify the most important work done by the representatives of the people, and so exercise the power of veto which belongs tb the Crown. They are arrogating to themselves powers that never belonged to them, and are acting as only a despotic junta would dare to do. And in the face of all this the Government have not made even so much as one vigorous protest. On a few occasions they have declared their intention to seek a remedy for their Lordships* obstinacy, but the avowal was made with a meekness which left on the minds of friends and opponents alike, the impression that the Ministry had no stomach for the stern work that so imperatively devolved~on them. They remained deaf to the appeals of their own party that they should put some heart and resolve into the agitation against the hereditary chamber. At length they seem to have become alive to. the necessity of speaking out on the subject with more firmness. That we gather from the following message in the Age of Wednesday :— LONDOH,,23rd October. In a speech which he delivered yesterday, Mr. H. H. Asquith, Secretary for Home Affairs, made strong condemnatory references to the House of Lords and its treatment of important measures introduced by the Eosebery Governmefat and passed by the House of Commoos* __ > Mr. Asquith described the House or LordB as caricaturing the features and perverting the functions of an Upper House, and declared that her Majesty s Government would submit proposals tor a settlement of the Lords Teta .that would open a new chapter in the Bntisn constitution, and practically reoognwe the logical results of the extension fit the franchise. . .i ' There is some improvement in ®n«.. tone of this deliverance, but it is still far from being altogether satisfactory, as_it contains no explicit declaration of steps to be taken for curbing the Lords. Vni _ 3 i ^Iia fiarAH I MTV chamber which was held in Hyde Park., on the 26th of August, was,.not an tiheqnivocal success in poitit of niimbera or in enthusiasm, and for a comparative failure the Ministry are to blame. Itrtf' .^bffly due 'to' their amhigdolw ,'^ter-. ;*hceB and want : ol-'^^wt^pB?; the popular voice was not < oud and strong on the occasion it should have been, and if another demonstration of the kind were held toorroff Mr. Asquith s declarations would Tot help it to any large extent Thej •re still too vague to satisfy the working classes of London, and they lack that earnestness and determination in the absence of which no appeal to the democracy is infectious and really fruitful of good results. THIS, to us, is a dis- OURSBLVBS. tasteful subject, to which we very seldom refer but peculiar circumstances will, Mi hope, excuse ua for briefly recurring to it this week. As a supplement to thi week's issue, oiir manager has issued a circular which records the very highest testimony to the services the Catholic Press renders. The compilation embraces a fpw of the very many utterances of the present and preceding Sovereign Pontiff, counselling the publication of Catholic journals as auxiliaries to the efforts of the priesthood in the promotion of faith and morals. And to these our publisher has added a few words from the late Venerable Archbishop MacHale, in which his Grace eulogised the Catholic Press and most warmly recommended the faithful to generously support it. It would be to us an easy matter to multiply quotations to the same effect, but that is not necessary, as the poweir of the Press for good or evil is now universally recognised, and erery intelligent Catholic understands that as a weapon of defence against heresy and unbelief it is indispensable in an age when ieveryone reads and the world is flooded with literature of all kinds that is alike tempting and noxious. The object of issuing the circular needs no explanation, and in addition to its contents we could say nothing that would be more effective in promoting that object. It nevertheless occurs to us . that we should avail ourselves of this opportunity of repeating that the reduction in the price of the paper involves the proprietors in no small risk such as they would not have incurred had they - not felt assured that the readers of the Advocate would appreciate the change, and help to render it beneficial to all concerned. That is the object of the circular. It seeks to enlist the services of subscribers in the efforts that are being made to extend the circulation of the journal, and if, as we believe, the assurances of goodwill and support which have already reached us are genuine, the anticipations of our manager will be speedily and' abundantly realised. At his instance we subjoin the following letter from iu8 Grace the Archbishop of Mel-: bonrufe,. ST. PATRICK'S CATHBDBAL, Melbourne, 23rd October, 1894. Mtr DBABMB. WIKTBB,—I was glad to observe that' you have reduced the price Of the Advocate to threepence. This 'redaction will, I trust, lead to a .l&rgelyi-extended; circulation of th paper. . The Catholic people of Victoria seed thea^rrices of a staunch Catholic paper. Until they are. able to provide a daily CatHofio cause. Hoping that the Advocate will in fnture reach at least twice as . many Catholic homest^adB as in the past, I remain, my dear Mr. Winter, very faithfully ydurs, : <& THOIUS J. CABE. 