MELBOURNE GOSSIP. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) According to the usages of the press Governors' pars always come first. I have been somewhat exercised in my mind of late-being inquisitive as to details-as to hpw this “ ride and tie" business ot lna Excellency the .Governor and His has boon carried but Wo hoir ot U.b Oountcss driving gaily a Eoar4nd\»nd trap making a triumphal' entry' into; a. country (own, while the Bhrlcanturs along; by the side, wbilo the ncxt'Btogo (ho positions ore reversed and it is the Bari that holds the ribbons and tho Countess is in tbo saddle. What phxzlnd mo,was what were tho horses that boro such a distinguished pair of equestrians., Did tho lady guide tho gcntlo* motions of, palfrey arid tho goo tic than bestride, a steed of fire, a bronco or ,a buokjumptir 1 No; the plain truth is that both i-ode the,; same horse, not in the bid fashioned. way, tbo gontlemanjin tho saddle and the lady on a pillion, but >Xt is a,pleasant manner of taking farewell'of tho country which neither of thorn qro likely ever to ./(to again this touring through tho land Much fortune called them to exile themselves in. l?or to this young couple with their mporb scats and magnificent social, position life in Yiotoria those past four years must have been simple exile. , But »t least the experience has not boon thrown away. Lord Uoputoun came to us,a nervous and diffident speaker; ho leaves us a finished one. I am not intimate with Mr. Gladstone or Lord Salisbury or on visiting terms with any pf England's. Premiers; All I know is that Gladstone's favorite tipple Is an ogg beaten up in sherry, ns Disraeli’s used to bo champagne jelly. Bub I never heard of English Ministers alway r keep' ing their hands on tho handle of a. proxi mate whisky cupboard when they received and inviting all privileged bo "give it a name.”’ It’s a beautifully hospitable custom and it hasn’t taken "us 1 long to get used to it, but it doesn’t strike a s’ranger quite the same way. . Tho other day. a young journalist new to . town and un familiar with the ways that-ore dark was sent by his leader to interview the Premier. Ho found Mr. Patterson, as usual in warm weather, seated in bis departmental chamber, which used to bo the nnto- room, in his shirt sleeves and beforohim the customary bobbin of whisky, two syphons of .soda, bottles of wine, beer, and so forth. The journalist eyed the temper-soothers meditatively, and when he got outside ho lot off his oppressed feelings in one sentence. “ Great Caesar’s ghost,’’ - he exclaimed “Gall tho*. the Premier’s office; why it’s a free bar !’’ Tho new; arrangements for the .control of the Agent-General’s office are these ; Mr. Gillies is to displace Sir Andrew Clarke os Agent-General, not general agent, and ho will bo expected to be ornamental not useful, and to assume as much as possible the air of an ambassador so that wo may hear that '‘still the wonder grow that ono small held could carry all ho knew.” Professor Pearson is to take up his bed and walk on the 30bh of June. Tho chief clerk is to become the secretary, and there is to be a commercial man with him to do tho rouse about work in connec tion with our produces. Dave Wilson, I believe, thinks he knows a man that would just fib the billot. Part of this I havepublishcdbefore,but what has not been is this—that when there was some mention of retiring Professor Pearson,Mr. Doakin, Mr. Gillies and other leading public men exerted their influence to secure his reten tion. Loyalty to an old confrere prob ably prompted Mr.- Deakio’s action, but that Mr. Gillies to whom tho professor was generally opposed when in Parliament should intervene is a creditable instance of tho chivalry of politics, They must rise early in Oolac. On Wednesday we had a deputation from Oolac, and as it contained a good many shire councillors you can easily under stand that It promised to be well nigh interminable. But the point that'most struck me was this ; One speaker who when ho roared himself on his logs, appeared to strike and take root there, read o number of items purporting to be statistics.. of tho shire and guaranteed them as authoritative ; die said he had verified them that morning. Now tlie train carrying the deputation loft OjUic at 6.30 a.ra., so that the verification must have taken place between daybreak' and that hoar. Evidently the shire secretary of Oolac is up betimes. Was ever before in the history of tho world, except perhaps in time of war, a meeting of an Executive Council hold in a ladies’ waiting room) Yet this.was the case the other day at Lara, when -metm hers of the Government travelled thither to meet His Excellency tho Governor, and polished off their business in • the dingiest chamber thafc probably: on Executive Council was over held in, 