AMUSEMENTS; There was another Rood attendance at the: Theatre Koyal on Tuesday evening when the pantomime . "Ali -Biiba" and.'-'the.' Forty Thieves" was again repeated by, the Pollard Liliputian Company. The performance went smoothly throughput, and-the youngsters, met with appreciative applause from all .parts of the house. The ecenery, costumes, and other appointments again met with the approbation of the audience, and the grouping and marching of the children was extremely gbod. '''The Forty Thieves " will be repeated this evening and until farther notice. •; •'■ Dion Boucicault's evergreen Irish comedy "The Colleen ■ Bawn " was repeated at the Bijou Theatre on Tuesday evening in the presence of a large and appreciative audience. Mr. .T. P. O'Neill as the laughter-lbving good for- nothing Irish lad r Myles-na-Cbppaleen again met with the favor, of. the. audience, .and Miss Bella Sutherland as Anne Chute, with Miss Annie Corcoran as Eily .O'Connor, also gained the sympathies of those in- front of the curtain. The other members of.the. com pany gave capable support, and the comedy went well from start to finish,. "The Colleen Bawn" will again be presented this evening, when it will doubtless attract' another good house. .„ . • The final performance of the Messrs. Fitz gerald's Circus and Menagerie was given at the Wakefield-street grounds on Tuesday even ing in the presence'of a large and enthusiastio audience. Another attractive and varied pro gramme was presented, the "daring featB of horsemanship,, clever, acrobatie performances, and astonishing intelligence displayed by the skilfully-trained horses introduced by Mr. R, Fitzgerald again meeting with the most demon strative applause, while Major MoCabe's sen sational entry into theiions? den and the con cluding realistic steeplechase again made a marked impression .upon the onlookers. The Mee3rs. Pitzgeraldpurpose visiting thenorthern country districts en route for Broken Hill, and a successful .season in the provinces should certainly ensue. _ . . ; A highly attractive programme has been arranged by Captain Basse for this evening's "Continental," when Miss Ida Osborne and Mr, Fred Smith, will make their, first ap pearance at the Exhibition Gardens. Miss Ida Osborne needs little introduction to an Adelaide audience, ■ as this talented young cantatrice is already . a ; firmly-estab lished favorite here, her former visits with Messrs. Williamson & Musgrove's.opera com panies being well remembered by her many friends. Mr. Fred Smith is a Melbourne tenor who will make his first appearance in Adelaide to night, and with such a combina tion a crowded attendance should certainly be anticipated. Miss Osborne will sing Jade's charming song "The castle gate" and the humorous ditty "The Quaker,"and Mr. Fred Smith "Come into the garden, Maud", and "The anchor's weighed," while the Eastern Suburban Band will . contribute another attractive programme of instrumental music. A couple of houra' enjoyment was afforded during Christmas ,'week to the inmates of the Cottage Homes at North Adelaide by the Misses Bagot, Professor Macully,-M. A., and Messrs. Wilton Hack and S.: J. Micchbll, LL. B. The professor gave a splendid exhibi tion of his power to hold the attention of the audience. One of the aged residents proposed in appropriate terms; a.-vote-of thanks and expressed a hope theft the visitors would come again. Mr. Hack replied in a touching speech. The fact of extra attractions at the Cyclo rama of Waterloo drew an excellent house last night. The illusion of "Napoleon's Ghost" met with hearty approval. This is well worth seeing, and should draw-large houses during its run. •: ' . 