DBIJBT-LANE THEATRE. P t HISTORY OF THE OLD HOUSE. It Rarely Made Money. An Institution Whoso Stave Wit nessed the Triumphs of Many Great Actors — Anecdotes of Celebrated Men who Were In One Way or Another Connected With the Theatre— Cock-Fleht- Inc There at One Time— Interest ing Reminis cences. l)rury Lane, tho location of tlio ancient London theutro of that name, was named alter the ancient family of Drury, and in tho olden day9 was noted for intrigues and love affairs. Drury House was built by Sir William Drury, Lord Deputy of Ireland in the reign of Queen itlizabeth, aud when his son succeeded to the title and property he onco had occasion to shelter the famous Dr. Donne there. From tho Drttrvs the place passed into the possession of William Lord Craven, who pulled down Drury and erected Craven House, where ho lived with his reputed wife, Queen Elizabeth of Bohemia. Craven House was afterwards turned into an inn, with a painted sign having the Queen of _ Bohemia's head upon it. In Churlus: II.'s time Drury-lane was a most fashionable resort. Lord Stirling, the poet, -and tho celebrated Matcjuis of Argyle lived there, and also tho actrosscs Mrs. Bracegirdlo and Mrs. Pritchard. Afterwards tho notorious Anni Clarges, her mother, and their four female associates kept a barber shop in Drury-lane. Ann Clarges was the wife of George Monk, Duke of Albemarle. "Pretty Nell ' Gwynne," in her smock sleeves and bodice, and Becming a mighty charmiug creature, used to pose at tho dour of her lodgings' in Drury-lane and aim her Bttafts at the susceptible heart of gay King Charles II.' John Lacy, the comedian, was another resident. Goldsmith sang of Drury- lauo us tho. favorite retreat of half-starving authors. The sixteenth century was in its teens , whon a place of popular amusement called tho Pitcenix or Cockpit Theatre stood in Drury-lane. It had formerly served as au ordinary arena for tho purposes of cock- fighting, a higlily fashionable sport in the days of Queen Elizabeth, and it seems that a certain analogy existed between the theatre and the cockpit of that time. A section of tho wooden cockpit circle used to be cut out una a stage set iu it for theatrical purposes. The popularity of cock-lightiug gradually waned, however, and tho cockpit theatro fell into such dis repute as a place of scandalous conduct aud generally que'stiouablo proceedings that the moral crusade fever struck a number of London citizens, who, backed up or rather led by the turbulent apprentices, made an attack upon the obnoxious build ing, looted it, tind destroyed or butued tho properties. This was Sbrovo Tuesday, March 4, 1G17. 'i ho' Lord Mayor at onee issued a proclamation directed against tho " great multitudcs.of vagrant rogues " who had participated in the riot. Six years later, as ancient uhroniclerB tecord, the "companie front CocUpitt Plaiehouso" subscribed £20 towards the rebuilding of St. Giles' Church. In 1 047 Parliament closed the theatre by a special Act, but Sir William Davcuaut was allowed to reopen it in'1658 with nshow, os tensibly' non-dramatic and relying for its effects npon scsnory and music, called the "Cruelty of tho Spaniards in Peru." Tho sum of " twopence" for each performance was exacted by Government for tho benefit of the poor. Within a year after Davenant's venture a bookseller called Rhodes, who hud been prompter at Blackfriar's Theatre, secured the management of the Cockpit, and he put forward as stars Thomas Bettcrton and Kynaston, who had not yet risen to their subsequent fame. Rhodes had to meet tho opposition of Davenant, who, with Thomas Killigraw, ereoted a now theatro in Portgunl-row culled the "Duke's," tho actors being Btylcd " the Duke of York's ser vants." Killigrcw soon startod out solely on his own account, and, armed with his patent, prospected ground at Riding Yard, built a ' theatro or. the exact site of the present Drury-lane playhouse and secured for his company the title of tho " King's Players." The cost of this house was £150(J, which seems almost ridiculously small, but meant considerable mouey in those duys. The length of the building was 112ft., aud its width .SOft. Under . the title of " The Theatro Royal Drury Lane," tho house was opened to tho public ott April 8, 160,1. Tho piece was. Beaumont and Fletcher's "Hu morous Lieutenant." Tho company num bered about ten actors, who as tho King's Players wero allowed "ten yards each of scarlet cloth with a proper quantity of lace," for liveries, and in tneir warrants from the Lord Chamberlain were described as < finnfrloinnn nf the Rrofit fllmmhor " In this theatre Charles II. first fell in lovo with.Nell Gwynne as she was. acting Valeria in Dryaeu's tragedy, "Tyrannic Love." Drydon had wanted to attract tho King's notice to the fair actress, so he got her tne tragic part of Valeria. Ubiquitous Mr. Pepys found bis way be hind the scenes, and records that " Kr.ipp took us in and introduced us to Nellie and to niy. wife, aud I kissed her." Drury Lane had boen open about a year 'when one night a terrific " stormo of hayle" descended over London, and coming in through the r.oof of the theatro demoral ised the audience in the pit. Theatrical performances wero susponded during tho great plague, but Drury reopened November 23, 1660. The theatre was destroyed by fire in January, 1672, and a church collec tion for tho sufferers was taken up all over the country. Sir Christopher Wren, the great archi tect, was ordered to prepare plans far a cow theatre, subject to the King's approval, and March 26, 1674, another Drury Line arose from tho ashes of the former. The entrance to this house was in what is known us Play- house-passage, and tho motio "Vivitur ingenio" was displayed on tho centre of the proscenium arch. The first night a prologue by Dryden was recited, which, after allud ing to the plainness of the new structure and sneering at the gaudiness of the decora tions in the rival house — the Duke of York's Theatre— went on to say that tho King had directed simplicity to be observed and then praised the convenient location of the house. Horace Walpolo said that tho Honso of Commons was wont to adjourn to attend a special performance at Drury Lane jnst us it adjourns for tho Derby Duy. He also tells the story of a tiMit he sat in a aids box in tho theatre when tho audience ex pressed its vociferous disapproval of an un popular pantomime. Tho stago mauagor, Fleetwood, scot a lot of professional bruisers into the pit to quell the row, but the pit drove the bruisers out with loss. The second Drury Lane lasted 120 years, but in 1791 it had become so dilapidated that it was found necessary to almost re build it. Tho bills for the night of June 4, 1791, announeod tho "last time of perform ing in this theater." The plays wero the "Country Girl" and " No Song No Supper." Apropos ot the closing night, a newspaper oi the period contained tho following curious paragraph : — .."Drury.— -Died June 4, . 1791, old Mrs, Drury, who lived through' six reigns. She knew Bciterton in ago and Maekliti in his prime, and .on tho night of her (loath had a rout of 2000 persons at her house." This .was tho final performance in tho bouse that Sir Christopher Wren built. If had been repeatedly altered, and during Garrick's management, which began in 1747, was newly faced and enlarged until the receipts for a full house reached £335. The pit doors wore closo to tho orchestra, causing unpleasant draughts, and helate-J patrons who euteied by them gave such otlencc to the audience by creating cold cur- | rents of air that rows ami disturbances were freaucnt. " Tho women in fits and the men iu fights," while the perplexed actors sus pended thoir mummery until peaco was restored. The third Drnry Lino Theatre was designed by Holland and opened April 21, 1794, nearly three years after the old house closed. John lvcmble was manager, and tho inaugural play " Macbeth." Several innovations wore noticeable in the produc tion of Shakespeare's play. Tho ghost of Banquo did not appear iu person, an idea adopted by thelatc tragedian, Barry Sullivan, and Charles Kcmbie made his professional debut. Tho new theatre cost £200,000. The seating capacity wus 3611. In length it measured 320ft., and in width louit., tho height being llSft. Tho pro scenium was 3Sft. high aud 4.1ft. wide. Tho receipts of a full house, without deadheads, reached £771. John Kcmbie spoke tho prologue, written by Gen. Filzpatriok, and Miss Barren gave the epilogue, by George Coleman, Jr. Sho said the audience need not fear fire, as an iron curtain could bo lowered at au instant's notice, to cut off the Btago from tho pit, and further, that there was water enough to drown them all. The curtain svas raised and a boatman was seen rowing to and fro in an immense tank. This Drury Lane was called the Apollo Theater, because of the statue on its roof, but its existence was brief, tiro completely destroying it on Fobruary 24, 1809, a Friday in Lent. On ucoouut of the season no per formances had been held in the theatro for a week previous, the vaunted water tank was empty, and whtn they tried to pull down the iron curtain it would not budge an inch. Tho chief owner at this time was Richard' Brinsley Sheiidan. Tho firo was supposed to have been the work of au incendiary, for an epidemic of fires had prevailed iu public buildings for Borne weeks previous; Bciterton, Gurrick, Macklin, John and Charles Komblc, J. B. Booth, Jack and Charles Bannister, Edmund Kean, John Palmer, Maoready, Nell Gwynno, Mrs. Siddon9, Kitty Clive, Miss Fsrren, Mrs. Jordan and Mrs. Crouch all played time and ttgain to appreciative audiences, and Brahum, the illustrious tenor, first ap peared in public at Drury Lane. Michael Kelly, tho great Irish singer, and composer, won his laurels there in. 1787' in "Lore in a Village." January 16, 1798, "Blue beard," with music by Koily and libretto by George Coleman, the younger, was produced with great dclat. Kelly acted the part of tho virtuous Solim, who at the end of the pioco slays the wicked Bluebeard. Whoa ''the slain tyrant sinks bonouth the stage a skeleton arises, which, after horri fying the audience, is supposed to instantly disappear. Woll, Bluebeard went, down to sltebl and up catr.o the skeleton in due course, but once up it .'stuck there and couldn't bo induced to go back again. Selim forgot where hp was, rushed up to the skeleton with drawn sword, slashed av it vigorously, and shouted : " Go'down, hang you ; why donk you go down ?" . . The curtain desconaed amid a tumultuous roar of laughter. In 1802 Kelly and Bannistor played to gether in " A House to Be Sold," a play with u supper scene where a fowl is oaten upon tho stage. Bannister told Kelly he would find it itnpossiblo to swallow a bit. He laughed at the warning, but when tho Ecene came on he found himsoli iu the prophesied predicamout, while Banuistcr and Suett, practised stage eaters, laughed at' him across tho table. January 1, 1S01, Kelly and John Palmer were ougaged in the battle scene in the " Siege of Belgrade," when Kelly in the heat of the combat gave his antagonist an ugly cut on the forehead. Holland's Theatre (the third Drury Lane) opened one of its seasons on the first Friday in Lent (strangely enough it was destroyed upon another Lenten Friday) with a sacred oratorio. The orches tra, fixed up to represent the in terior of a Gothic eathudral, produced a- su dime effect; The day before the opening Kemble was waiting- dinner for Sheridan, who had promised to come, and in the space of about ten minutes John Palmer saw him commit to memory the entire prologue of 59 lines. Kemble told him that within four days he would waget to repentby rote every word in a daily newspaper, " ads." and all, from the first column to the last, Seldom has "Macbeth" been performed with such a cast as that of March 21, 1794, at Drnry Lane. Kemble was Macbeth, John Palmer Banquo, Mrs. Siddoqs Lady Mac beth, Charles Kemble and Bannister also taking part. ' Tho popular musical play of " Lodoiska " was produced simultaneously at tho Theatre des Italions and thoFeydeau, in Paris, und also at tho Drury Lane." One' night Mrs. Crouch was in tho burning castle in the great scene, awniiing rescue by tho hero, when the pieeo of scenery representing the castle took fircand the mimic rcscuo was changed into a real one, amid vociferous applause. In 1787 John Koinble undertook the principal vocal part in a production of " Richard Cceur do Lion," Many of tho . first dramatists and com posers of the time did their best known work specially for Drnry Lane. M. G. Lewis (" Monk" Lewis) wrote tho "Castle Spectre " for Drury ; Storaoe composed his finest music for its stage; so. did Michael ivuitjrj nuu vuuw nium auu ai iiuiui ,ot and " The First Floor " for original pro- auction there. The theatre that stands to-day at Drury. Lane and Cathorine-strcot dates from 1812, and was erected from tho designs, of Benja min Wyatt, executod to tho order of a joint stock. company established by Act, of Par liament. The chief promoter was a Mr. Whitobread, and the shares varied in value from £11)0 to £500. A committee, with Lord Byron at its head, undertook, the management and failed. Lord Byrou wrote tho prologue for the opening night. Through the efforts of Bdtr.uud' ICcau, the tragedian, tho theatre was ex tricated from its financial difficulties in 1814, and four years afterwards the com mittee accepted the offer of a Mr. Elliston to lease tho house for 14 years at an annual rent of £10,200, he also contracting .to pay the taxes and expend £7000 on deenrntions.. The theatro was too large, so Architect Beasloy was engaged to -remodel- if, and shortly before the work was completed a collation was served under unique circum stances on a scaffold Oft. from the coiling and 50ft. from tho pit. Twelve parsons partook of the repast, which was aooked om thoscaf. fold. A brass plate was deposited under tho pit roeording that " this , 'national theatre was pulled down and rebuilt, within "tho space of fifty-eight days.'' , The .reopening day was October 16, 1822, tho date of Mrs. David Gnrrick's death. The Brydges- screet portico of tho theatre was ereoted by Lessee Elliston, from a design bySir John Soane, at a cost of £1050,; tho alterations costing £22,000, and in 1826 Elliston be- camo bankrupt and retired. From this time on nothing but disasters awuilod tho successive lessees of . " Old Drury," Bishop, a man connected with the public lottery schemes, paid £2000 to be lot out of his contract to succeed Elliston. A New-Yorker named Stephen Price came next. Price wus not a success, attil was suo- cccded by Alfred Bunn, known as the " Poet Bunn " on account of his work as au opera librettist. Hammond and Mucready followed Bunn as lessees. But the house persistently refused to pay, and was .closed tor long intervals, the performances when it did open consisting of prontonado eoncoris and odd shows. Tho prices wero ont, and in 1852 Lessee E. T. Smith resigned his lcaso to Messrs, l'alconerand Chatterton for a eitBh cottsid oration. Iu 1867 F- P. Chatterton assumed sale control, and some eight years later pub lished a pamphlet , called " Poets und Prophets at Drury Lane," Mr. Chatterton, in short, was seeking self-vindication. He had been blamed for outraging tho traditions of honored old Drury by shelving tho legitimate drama for burlesque and ex travaganzas. It was even whispered in Gath that he had been beard to remark that " Shakespeare spelt ruin and Byron bankruptcy." In his pamphlet ho explained how he had been forced to with draw " Hamlet," which was losing money, to put on Torn Taylor's melodrama, "Tho Great City," which drew enormous crowds. But of all events of tho year, atoning for tho losses and the disappointments oi other seasons, dispelling anxiety and filling tho treasury with a steady ilow of gold, tho Christmas pantomime was uearost and dearest to the heart of the mana ger of Drury Lane. This institution, practically unknown in the United States, is as much a part of the English juveniles' Christmas us the plum pudding itself. The pantomime is a gorgeous spec tacle, but no theatre can produce one like old Drury, witii its unrivalled stage end magnificent " properties." The loss on Lord Byron's " Marino Faliero," Mr. Chatterton went on to soy, was £5000, and the profit on Bnucicault's extravaganza " Formosa" £10,000. The direction of Drury Lane Theatre has been in the hands of Sir Augustus Harris since 1879. 