Was it a Ghost they Saw ? MxIs. H. II. JEIN.?GS lives at 'No. 211, U tin Street. Bridgeport. and Miss Minnie I'.rrni boars! with her. The house is an old on:. but inm ood order One night early in Dece :iu. (1x5x) the two women locked all the door. ano want to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, how'evir, in the front parlour. At about half-past e even they returned, and entered the house lau .nng .md talking. But as they went into the pa lour the merry humour died out of them in a se .ino Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part o: in. Lace was concealed by a mask, hi, eyes g,-'am-n ing through the eycholes in it. His ,ni:: sleeves were rolled up, and in one haalI he car.ied a long, old-fashioned pistol. The wirmen ded screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he founJ no one in the parlour and all thedoors and win lo s securely locked. What was it the women s aw "" During a recent period of ill health." writes an American friend. " I had slept badly tor several successive nights. On the fourti of these nights about two o'clock, I was sudd:nly aroused from a doze by "" what s-amed like the calling of my name:" and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother jus: as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journe: she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it. and the local old w omen gossips said it was a ,ummons and I would never get well, Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I b:leve that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than threet )ears ago now. No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play ott o , : u when your system is outof condition. In M rchl, ISgo. It was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Dirra cott Road. l'ckesdown, Hants, wrote us as fol suws :--"I was so dreadfully nervous I coullt not bear anyone in the room with me, %et . ,it., not wish them tar away in case I shoull call out for help. This was in June, isi,. I sltet very badly, and in the morning felt little the b:tter for having gone to bed. 'there was often a evere pain in my head and oser my eye,. and I was sice most of the time. .My skin wa. dry and yellow. and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead, By-and-by I bad to lie helplems in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain meen that on my stomach. By this time 1 was nothing but skin and bone. Mly memory completely failed .sty head ached so dreadfully I thought I s oului lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I wouid never get better. "' I had given up all hope, when one da .M:.s west, of IBournemouth, called and asked that I was taking. She told me she was h rscit just as badly oft, and was cured by .M ,ter Seigel's Curative .ryrup. As she seemed t nave -. much faith in this medicine. I tried it. and in three days I was able to walk acroiss tlhe room, and by the end of the week I 'sent down stai-s. Now I am as well as ever. I ca eat and digest my fo.d, 2nd all my nervousne s has left tme " The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous pr., tra lion. The original cause was grief and shxk at the violent death of her husband, by acci dent, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion ana thus fet and toned the nerves. Wha:ever may be your opinion of the B:id.e port ghost, it remains true that most un.a umi visions and sounds mean nothing more o- less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does Its -work the eyes and ears enter.am only what is natural and wholesome. YEARLY VOLUMES AND New' GOODS. The yearly volumes of the following books for 1894 are to h-nd at the "Guardian" Book Depot, Bentinck tsreet:-Leisure Hour, Suncay at Home, Boys' and Girls' Own Annual Little Folks, Children's Friend, Child's Companion, Children's Treasur.. etc. We have also just opened up a large assortment of Ladies' Work Boxes, Writing Desks in leather and Japanese, Photo Frames, Cabinets, Fire Screens, Perfumery, Dressing Cases, H ind Mirrors, and Stationary in all the ne'r est styles. Remember the address is Bentiuck-street, Portland; 