OUR LONDON LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, October 6, 1894. Mr. Gladstone has settled down to literary pursuits at Hawarden, and according to the testimony of visitors seems as busy and at wholly wrapped up in his new life as to was in the old. Politics have been cheerily rele gated to the limbo of the past. All letters save those from intimate personal friends are now opened and read by Mr. Herbert Glad stone, who has invented a eeries of litho graphed replies which enable him both to deal with the correspondence speedily and to choke off the autograph fiend. In times to oome there can be little doabt that the *' Passing of Gladstone" will excite much carious comment. It proves conclusively that no great leader i* so great that his party cannot —it oompeUed to—get along without him. The well-known American, Ghanncey M. Depew, in the course of some shrewd observations on a recent trip home, sums up the situation very neatly. He says:—"Mr. Gladstone was the central figure in public life of Great Britain a year ago. Upon him and him alone depend&d; the Government aod its fate. His friends feared dial hia retirement meant the defeat of their party, aod his enemies believed that if he was triiminatnri the Liberal programme would fall and the Conservatives return for a long lease of power. The terror on one aide and the hilarious hopefulness on the other it the pos sible death or disability of the Grand Old Man hbve been tor a long time the peculiar and prominent element of English politics. He suddenly announced his rwignatinm and ap pointed bis successor. Like a ?uong ebip stag gering under the blow oi a tidal wave, the great party be had co long and triumphantly lad trembled in every fibre with the pangs of dis memberment, and than shaking otf the waters and breasting the sunn continued its voyage with its freightage of the progress and demo oratio developauatof the country. Gladstone in a week became history. Philosophic reflec tions and theological speculations are the occupation and amusement of his declining yean; but the party has ssrept past him, aad he has lost eight of the parcy. A noble memory among tbe leaden oi men, a epUodid life crowned with the love and admiration of the world, its «onatt reflects all the glorious light of its meridian." The Tragedy oi Life is the same in castle and garret. Disease and death enter as easily into the chamber of the king as into tbe poverty-etrickennedroomof the carnal laborer. The Czar of all the Bncaias is to most people a being beyond tbe human pale. It i* only now and then that the woda gets a peep at hia domestic attain and i? able for a moment to grasp the faut that, migbejas he is, the Czar is very humau after all. Ihe monarch of the Slavs is at this moment torn with the angni&h; of that terrible affliction known an Bncht's disease, and a Bathetic little story is sold of how his paternal a&ection; ecoentuatea the malady. rUsseoondandfavariteson, theGtand Duke Gecrge, has long been in delicate health, and recently ***?p*?y""'"?*p"n— nrw^f^ him to be in ajjranoed ooaxump?oa, WbUsl the Cxar lay ill at Spala be called for his son many times, bat the Kmpresz, fearing that her coo might anger grievous injury by being called from wanner latitudes ao late in the an enmn. en deavored to persuade bee husband to let him l remain in the south. He would have done so, but toe yoong nun beard of his father's ill ness and his desire to see him, so hastened to Bpala in spite of warnings. During the fint night of the Grand Dnke's rendtnai there, wtMu the Empress had retired to rest for a couple of hours as has been her custom whilst nuraing the Car, the Utter row from his bed, dressed in haste, and acoom ptaied by his protesting valet, went to his eon's room. He watched by the side of the sleeping youth for some time, *wi*">g the hectic nosh on the pallid etook and tbe other terribly significant signs of the disease upon the sleeper, lie then returned to his room, and when she Empress retarned from tor brief rest ah* round him weeping bitttsly. A very severe odd was the result of this night excur sion, and this chill seriously aggravated the mnnsrnh's illness His life is now hanging by | a few threads. Unfortunately for Hmarif hnj fri—!■ nn a large contempt for the medical fraternity, and it is only by subterfuge that his family can set him to see physician* When Professor Zakbarin visited the Czar for she first tune the Emperor supposed that he had really visited Spala for the purpose of attend ing; to Count Worontofi, and whan furtherjkJ vioewaa necasaary General Gourko professed himself in ao sorry a plight that befell it necessary to send to Vienna for the famons Berlin doctor. Hen Lsyoen. ThelaWer re garded his Imperial patient's condition as very serious, but Zakharin, probably for the Em press's sake, took a more favorable view of the case, though he, like his nminnnt confrere, dis(|TMTrrt tbe illnms as Brishfs disease. *' A fresh darn on tbe anginal blue stookiag" is fel—> ixtntlt rffsMi n't r**iT*> rttifinitKin of our up to-date nuisance, "The Kesr Woman.* I think, however, I prefer that which denomi nates ber "Sex of one asd half-a-dozen of the other."1 "Man's urai and beat rrawwi for ~"?""«C single, ? and ■* AonsMure of opinions decided and tkirts divided.*' or "Madam become Adam,"are also not bad; but "The q«ft?ed section of her sex" and " Mannmhrwa«i minus msntinwsV one rejects as over-cruel altogether. loe present being the doll season tbe news papera are opening their oolumns to discussions on anhjeetg of a domestic oharanttgy Thai oar Iwisi have been wrung with the woes of dis tressed families reduced to tbe melancholy necessity of existing on a trifle of £4,600 a year, whiob left them at the end of the year with • nice overdraft of £809 and a charge for in terest. When a woman of this class, who con fesses to spending £600 a year on dress and £U0 on novels and magazines, whue her hus band spends £400 on his annual shooting, to say nothing of a Continental tour, ap peals • piteaosly through a newspaper for advice ad to, how to save, one feels iuelined, in a sudden gush of aoU aacrincing sympathy, to offer magnanimously to take half the amount of income off her hands. Another subject around whioh a fierce controversy is raging is the question of the pronuee of obedience to her husband made by the woman in the Anglican marriage eerviee. Toe New Woman having disoardedlong skirts and stays and other marks of fnminim* aubjeo tion, her unsatisued soul is reaching out into unknown realms of individual freedom, and the marriage vow of obedience will be the next thing to go with long skurte, and crinolines, and chignons and other remnants of a state of degradation and slavery. In this connection also it is a singular sign oi the times that the time-honorad religions pre cepts and commands which used to have ao strong a hold on the minds of our foremothere eeam to have lost their inflnfiww, The Divine ifnunm"* given to Eve after the Fall is rele gated by the New Woman to tbe region of ancient fable ; even the Apostle P*ol is re garded as a orusty old bsowlor, whose teach ings are not "up to date." It will be a sur prise to many to barn that in the marriage ceremony of the Banian OaUioho Church there is no *lhiwfw to any word of obedience, but on the otter hand the bride is supposed to receive a guinea or mare, aooording to the means and liberality 0! the bridegroom. Is this a relic of she old bar bstousoustom, when a man bought his wife at a stated price and could cell her again with a halter round her neck in the open market? As to what the "Near Woman*' is likely to gain by the change for which her soul longs, "A Catholic Husband " makes the following tren ohant and "brutally frank " oomments in the Daily JVfrpMpa —" A miapl «ll th.tlm-.^ who float their 'yellow asters' in our faces, and for all the hundreds who make the eye sight sore with their 'green ~mMJTmn' how many are there whoever turn to * aeaame and lilies'for en antidote to the pestilential poison of modem pnssimiini* How far, may I ask, does the 'new woman' attain, or attempt to attain, the ideal standard of the lovely heroine walking in her queen's garden among the Bowers that only grew there because aba is beautiful and good? Will she ever be the 'domina' or 'house lady 1 as opposed to the 'dominus* or 'bouse lord'? Will she ever be the'bread-giver1 or ' loaf-giver' as opposed to the * maintainer of laws, 1 when she goes about the world whim pering and whining, grumbling and grueling, because nature has ordered that men shall be men, and women shall be women, and because the laws of nature cannot be controverted in favor of a fad T Will ehe ever be, not man's footstool at slave, not man's mere personal pro perty and {chattel, but man's helpmeet, man's ooan?eUor, snan'sguide, ocurreotorand comforter, the better half of a good man's life, the soul of a brave man's soul, when she goes oaieering about, glorying in her offensive immodesty, execrating the natural gifts and transcendent qualities that have been bestowed upon her, an epioene creature, half man and half woman, a vulgar monstrosity 1 like a stable boy with the manners of an ostler, a prig in petticoats, or a bore on a bioyole, divided from nan in skirt and senti ment, a creature that men are bound to tole rate, but have well nich esased to respect! We don't want to exact slavish obedience from our wives or women- kind, but to revive in them the bsasty, tbe modesty, the oonrage, the power, and the loveliness of life that they appear to put aside with ao muoh insnlfffloe and .swagger; sneering at virtue, and In^ditnp the priceless gift of maternity.1' It is perhaps fust at well that the writer of the above has protected himself under an anonymous sumature. But she severe questions he puts demand an answer from the restless half-hysterical "new woman," who is rapidly achieving sextual independence at tbe oast of all that makes a woman worthy of the love and esteem of men. Commenting on the above the Watmiwter OaaslU says:—Now at last the new woman is done with. There is a letter in the Daily Tilesirapk which advises her to become a Catholic To-morrow someone elee will advise her to stick to Protestantism, theneomeoae else will njMfurt iiisntsilsinsiii m bar corf weal; and by the time that a few hundred people have written the letters we know so well-one mold foretell almost every wort of *em—the new woman wiU be fly-blown fad vulgarised beyond expression. She win be a etook incaseut of the irrasio-halls^ Mr* drunken husbands and "out-far-the-nighty" People. Before the burglar uses his boon . "those ironehod correctors of my wife"—to will call ber New, with hundreds of chaan jests at her age. We will Bee a new •"Arriett* a sew " Bin. 'Awkujs," and possibly Ta-ra-ra boom-de-ay will be revived in her bonoc In a word the whole business is exploded, and the sew woman will not only be as dry a? Haditf a famous biscuit, bat as nauseous with the naaaeons?ses of damnrteratdoa, and fos this we an mighty thankful. Jabez Spencer Batfont is still in Argentine, —and likely to remain there it seems. Accord ing to Dr. Velera, the counsel who faas takes over the Liberator's defanoe, Jabecfe extradi. tun would be illegal on the ground that the demand for his surrender was made fire day* before the Extradition Treaty with Great Britain had become operative; also because in the treaty there ie no retroactive "'"i—. Farther, the learned gentleman contend* that the documents presented by the British Legation in rapport of the ease were inauffi oient awarding to Argentine Uw, whisht be it remarked, seems to be a peculiarly klastia J[oantity. Jain's appeal m£*im the S«lt^ odge*a mandate for his extradition will be trasttd to- day before the Supreme Court. Since the last trial at Salta the great ewindlei has bees writing letters to friends at borne. He has written ao many and of each varies! tenor that the empicaon is abroad that aoma one out in Argentine baa taken the cole of literary ghost to "The Skipper." In the Xeader the other day there was a piquant tetter purporting to borne from Jabes. la this Balfonr is alleged so speak of theey?te matio perseoation by whiob be has been panned, and" to declare most positively that it will all recoil sooner or jaie* upon those who have instigated it. Verjr earnestly, it U stated, be repndiatw raanyof the chants levelled against him, aod be j> re ported to etcphatumlly declare that many of feis erstwhile pnlitinal friends Wig hay came to grievously regret his extradition and tanalin Elnglanrl. Be win not epare them in anyway, and asserts that "everything shall come eat," He further remarks that he will be anWto prove conclusively that mote than one parson against whom not a breath pf snspjninn has yet bean dinoted knew when mooh of ths money went. These names, when be divulges them, will, says Jabex, create ? smhMiuii from John o' GroaA to Land's Bbjo. Farther, liis disclosures maytove the effector iHMWilitiii|> many a> Mniae little pofisual move, finch is she sjnnstanes of-sha iatsstnote attributed to the "oitixen of Argmtma.* Bat there an doubts as to its g'-- -"ii One can, oay. one most fasnef? stow that ttroog tnfloences have been and are at work !■ bigncrolee here to prevent the trial of Jabem Balfonr in England. That insnsh ease many mm ■liiiurn ?il) slMislii«?miiilili>i'linisiMl whose names are honored in their native places woold be soorned of upright men has long beeaaoaeptedaatme. ThnTdbftator net was very wide, we know well, bat onlyjato* w teUns what sort of fish he manacsa tog«?m the "upper cades" of politics and aomety. The absurd fuMmttmpool over ?ha Lord Mayor* action in art Tim Ins •J-f J-i- (Me. Armstrong) to cay graoe a? she swans hmah totbeDnke and I>nr>i—of York iaataadt*. the bishop of thajioDSse nsninds one that the "goad on ftowa* has Jbdbb tiHsi gmxasmssisl been nmarirshVi for its SDuan. era?gebni batred of dissenton in gcnesal and Unitarians in particntar This is «to an remarkable as ?be families who have torgaae ratipna done a> gnat deal of nmKo^urissd work mlirerpoaC the Halts, thelCaUys.and the Bathbcoas are all Unitarians. Qmc for years one of ttottahor/s bitterest cross** shak tfaeplaceofbcnormaWfioisatslSandayla* of onll?rsM?S ana tskan, not by a«y of ibk hug. sod fastuonsST ohotahesTsat ta the Bansbaw«treet Ummrian CftapsL Dr. Byb has also groaned a spirit in other w?y?lstitMly^forPiri?risnsh??Bnow held offios as JUord J&ayosv; of^ IsWsrnQol Jm? swoyssn in snoosssjon, tod il aasi?? 99iB> fairy nrobame a, third wfll to sliiiitiii a«x? month. A few perhaps resasmbsr the famoos duel between the C3barch and ttt%Ww mUvetpoolml?27. N^rt after iujhs to* weeks the Hope HaO was finsg witrt^iilistiiT andienoss listsmng to 4ms desamcsatsflai j& Ohmnhmen assailing thus yoag . ministers who sat m what wm «QedVtba pem.'Wtm. however, tbei, torn at last came to reply they created as n. ■mm sansslirw. and weU they aajgfck. In laser years two of them faeeam* wodd-amou?-Dr. afsHiixan in Entjana, Thorn (who died *%• other day a* • peat aMlivedto he asmneh «eapsetsd*by ooal Chut?unts? as tvbiscnraoa?)B>iME?jltojta Kor was the dahats wishoot aorsanin? and tmntanimng mflaaaoat «yen at the tine. Charohmen leant with tma&eated; saaaaaa that Unitariaas can «f "i> ■? 't^J ■nf Oristlglory" jost aa loudly aa themselves. If indeed il wen not for nretaaadsaecsarao dirfac?noea would Joeff have ceased to eao? •v?^peakimtMMi hmrtharmisg. Tbore is « mine in Mmooo wmchiiahsa lasety«mi«ia as so the jns|h on wMohit is operated. Xtisaot etorked for *bs benefit nf satwsuwJu Jili— mem *fc^— ih mm^ •^.^ for two-legsjad •'plgs.^ The ndns at worked "fortfaegoodofM?liord~atithe<>offersi* the Salvation Army. At ieasttha?soif w? IIISJ jllsill ISHSSMW HI HMI SMIS HJIIIIIISHS' Hi Jteaeem Wwiritr. This jmaal states that a void nine is being worked in she land of Moateaama (exacsioeslity aot atated) by sixteen fully qoarined pmhTafi " Generals* army, who torn ont every wsak si . vary fair quantity of good ore. Tbepnfissof the mine, after fjiiisit of nu«iiiiij, goto the Salvation Army ■usswj. which, to it said, wiwni to absorb a very large amoont at ah* mammon of rjnnghssoasn?am. What has become of James William Wood, \- King Solomon,- who was once in Adelaide? His temple at Brighton is now Salvation Army property. But the "Army of the Lord" is no more,and its leader methinks is still awaiting revelations from on high inside one of her Majesty's prisons. I have a recol- lection that he was convicted of bigamy a year or so ago, but cannot call to mind the nature of his sentence. Why should I refer to this matter? you ask. Well, yesterday coming up to town I picked up in the train an article, evidently torn out of some magazine, en- titled "A Scattered Sect," and found it to be a most interesting narrative of "King SoJomon's oampaign at Brighton from the year 1887 to the break up of the sect. The writer. Mr. H. V. Brown, was evidently well acquainted wish "King Solomon"and his army, and to shows for the first time why the move ment failed to live. Wood lacked the leading capacity for one thing, but the cause of the fatal mutiny was a dead baby, as you shall see hereafter. Wood, as you knew, came from Mel bourne in 1887. He was not in orders, but his Australian fame as a preacher preceded him, and to was taken up by people who held to the literal interpretatian of Scriptural phrases such as "The lord shall heal thine infirmities." London was his first field, but the hubbub of the metropolis was too much for him to make himself heard, so he went to Brighton. According to "King Solomon, this move to the seaside was the result of a vision, in which the Lord told him to an to Brighton and await a second vision as so the new revelation which he was destined, to receive and announce to the world. He did not know, he said at the time, what he was re quired to do, but obeyed the heavenly in junction. The formation of the "Army of the Lord" was the sequel. When he first went to London-super-Mare Wood conducted a series of faith-healing services in one of the rooms of the Royal Pavi- lion, services which Mr Brown says were largely attended by the wealthy and by the sick and suffering. The cures that were said to be effected by faith and the laying on of hands created some considerable sensation, and a well-to-do merchant of the town became patron of the preacher. His aegis gave Wood a locus standi with the local Nonoonformists, and speedily he gathered round him a phalanx of friends and followers. Shortly after a building was commenced in Edward-street. This became famous afterwards as the "Sanc- tuary of Jehovah." The funds for its construction were, as the subsequent bankruptcy proceedings showed, pro vided by a lady of wealth and strong religious feelings. That the new sect "The Army of the Lord" with Mr. Wood, now named "King Solomon," at its head, became established it was hoped in a permanent habitation. Its success in point of numbers was remarkable. The "new revelations" which "King Solomon" was declaring were noised abroad, religious enthusiasts flocked to Brighton to see for themselves if all they heard were true, and a considerable number of these strangers sold up their homes and with their wives and families threw in their lot with the "Army" taking up their abode in the houses rented by Wood in the neighborhood of the Sanctuary. At one time the number of "King Solomon's" followers exceeded 300. Most of these had not given up everything they possessed to tbe army or forsaken the world entirely, but ware simply followers of Wood in the manner of members of other religious communities. Those who gave up everything to follow the army were no longer known by their former names. They became variously King David, King Saul, Queen Esther, Queen of Sheba, Faithful Abraham, Brother Isaac, &c.; The names were conferred by a woman who was called the "Prophetess of Israel." Her nomenclature was not always Biblical, for in the army then were a King Alfred, a Queen Victory, and a King Canute. The dress of the army was severely simple at first, pretty much after the Salvation Army style, but gradually the most wonderful vagaries were introduced. "King Solomon gave up his original scarlet flannel jersey for a magnificent robe of purple and gold. Mr. Brown says of him- "Attired so the old man looked quite imposing with his long iron-grey beard, his fine black eyes, and scarcely be described as an educated man. He seemed to have little acquaintance with cur rent thought. and his pronunciation was not perfect. But he had fire. He was what I may to allowed to call a powerful natural preacher. He had the Bible at his fingers' ends, and could pour out quotations from it endlessly. I have seen him rouse his people to a perfectly amazing pitch of enthusiasm. His power over his followers seemed to be absolute. More than once I have seen men and women rush from their seats while he was preaching and jump into the "golden circle" (a raised enclosure before the crimson mantled preaching dais) and dance there like mad folk." People who took an interest in Wood's work were sometimes favoured with curious epistles from him. Mr. Brown quotes one of the dozens he himself received. It ran— "21Dedah,2B.M. Instructions for King Peruagah.-It is the will of Jehovah that thou go and see Mr. Brown and tell him that the Lord has sent thee to warn him for the last time, and give him Rev. 21.8. "King Solomon. Confirmed—King Bereacoah." The greatest bane of the army was, says Mr. Brown, its whimsicality. It was always ab orbed in some new freak. When it had no new toy on hand in the way of dress, or names, or deportment, the prophets and prophetesses were having some amongst themselves. Of real evangelistic work then was none. Rules and regulations were made to suit the hour and the mood of the leaders, and hence the chaotic state in which the army began con- tinued until the final smash. Money appeared to be plentiful with the sect, and of en- thusiasm there was a plenteous supply. The only thing needed to make the movement a more or less permanent success was a strong man at the head. But the General Booth was lacking. The credulity of "Solomon's" followers was simply astonish- ing. Wood had only to make a statement and his kings and queens and faithfuls believed, no matter how impossible, their leader's "revela- tions." They had the faith that removes mountains. One of the "revelations'' which "King Solomon" promulgated was to the effect that the man-child spoken of in the Revelation was to be born in the Army, the mother, one of the prophetesses, being named. Great preparations were made for the little stranger's advent, but, alas! for "King Solomon and the "Army," it was born dead. The disappointment thus caused was the beginning of the end of the sect. The people's faith had survived the "king's" fruitless visit to the Holy Land in search of the Ark, the precise whereabouts of which had been revealed to him in a vision: it had surmounted even the failure of Wood to raise a brother from the dead. Bet the disappointment as to the new "King of Israel" was too great a blow, and rebellion arose in the camp. A second severe strain came when instead of being carried up to heaven on a certain date on a chariot of fire, as he had prophesied, "King Solomon" remained on earth. After the rebellion Wood tried to assert himself, but it was too late. Poverty aided the schisms. and "Solomon's" marital troubles brought the end about swiftly." 