SIR HENRY PARKES' BIRTHDAY A CIIAT WITH THE VETERAN STATESMAN. RECOLLECTIONS OF HIS LIFE. It was a glorious morning, and as the writer strode rapidly across the higher por- tions of Balmain, inspirited by his own elasticity of limb no less than by the crisp- ness of the air and the sunlit, beauties of the view — for the river glistened beneath him, and the distant ranges stood boldly out against the sky — he fell to speculating just how the scene might strike him if he chanced to pass that, way after an early breakfast say 59 years hence. He would then be a shade older than Sir Henry Parkes is now, and on the following day (yesterday) Sir Henry was to celebrate his 79th birthday, THE HISTORY OF A WALKING-STICK. Less than half an hour afterwards he was sitting with the veteran statesman in the library at Kenilworth. Sir Henry was busy over bis papers when the visitor ar- rived. A cheery fire was burning in the grate. Through the half-opened window a favored cat was coming in and going out at pleasure. The room, with its rows of book shelves and its tables laden with dispatch- boxes full of valuable documents and books, for which there were no vacant spaces ap- parent on the shelves, was itself suggestive of a long and busy life. Everything about the place, too, bespoke the daily presence there of a student and a politician. "You see this photograph," said Sir Henry, drawing from a brown paper wrap- per a view of an old English farmhouse, a portion of which was evidently built in the days of the Stuarts, or, perhaps, still earlier, "this is the house in which I was born. It is called Canley Mote, the 'mote,' as shown in the picture, being a deep ditch encircling the garden. Canley, Yale, on the Southern railway, was named after it by me. I owned the land on both sides of the railway, and built the first house there." Then the speaker paused, and, laying the photograph upon the table in front of him, walked slowly to the other end of the room. Returning a moment afterwards with an unpolished stick, which, in the meantime, he had taken from a cluster of some half- dozen sticks, he continued: "In 1882 I was visiting at Stoneleigh Abbey, and while there, the guest of Lord Leigh, my host drove me out to Canley Mote House, some four or five miles from the Abbey, and he himself cut me four sticks from the plum trees growing in the island-garden. This is one of them, still in its rough state. The best of the sticks, however. I gave to the late Sir John Robertson, with a plate upon it detailing the circumstance under which it was cut; and Sir John walked with it until he died." SIR HENRY'S PARENTS. "My father left Canley Mote House when I was two years of age, and went to live at Tocil Farm House, which is situated a very short distance down a lane from the main road that leads fromCoventry to Kenil- worth and Warwick. During my visit to England in 1882, I drove out from Coventry with my daughter to look at this old place also. We asked the lady who was living there if she would allow us to go inside and walk round the garden. I did not tell her who I was, but she asked me at once if I was not Sir Henry Parkes. I told her that I was, and she gave me this photo graph (pointing to a view of another old- fashioned farmhouse) which at the time was hanging in one of her rooms." Sir Henry, who is always full of quiet surprises, and who, on the eve of his birthday, was not unnaturally in a reminis- cent mood, then drew a third photograph from the wrapper. It was not a picture of an old-fashioned farmhouse this time, but rather of an old-fashioned farmer, a por- trait of a man far advanced in years, yet sitting bolt upright in his chair and com- pressing his lips, his firm, thin lips, as though, amongst his oak furniture, he had had visions prophetic of the scribes that were to come, and suspected that an "In- terviewer" might get hold of the portrait some day and try to make even it talk. "My father was a Warwickshire farmer," said Sir Henry, looking intently upon the picture. "He was a man of very method ical habits, with a strict regard for the ob- servance of all the customs of English family life. He was a strict Sabbatarian. Besides attending to the work of his own farm he owned a number of threshing ma- chines, which he used to send about the country threshing wheat for farmers who had none of their own. Threshing ma- chines were scarce in those days. I re- member my father very distinctly. He used to dress in a black coat and patent cord knee-breeches, with gaiters round his calves, and he always rode a good horse. My mother, whose maiden name was Mar- tha Faulconbridge — I called my Blue Moun- tain home after her — came of a very old English family, and was an exceedingly good housewife. Indeed, her house-wlfery was so celebrated in the surrounding coun- try that I can' remember as a child people coming to the farm from miles away to I taste her pork pies, her confections, and her home-made bread. She attended to the hives, brewed the beer for the house- hold, and made wine from cowslips and el- derberries., whilst her cheese and butter were always considered especially excel- lent. My mother likewise belonged to the old school of thought, and would never al- low a pack of cards inside the house." THE EARLY HOME. Sir Henry then went on to describe the surroundings of his early home. "Our house was within view of the three spires of Coventry, immortalised by Tennyson," he said, "and I myself, when I was a very little lad went to a dame's school at Co- ventry, walking three miles there and three miles back." The lane that led from his father's house to tbe main road, he ex- plained, was flanked with "spinneys," and as an illustration of Sir Henry's accurate method of imparting information it may be stated that upon the writer inquiring what was meant by "spinneys," and further sug- gesting that it must be a provincialism, he refused to describe a "spinney" until he had first proved, by reference to a dic- tionary, that it was not a provincialism at all, but a very proper name for something — whatever that might be. Two dictiona- ries, however, were consulted in vain. Neither took any cognisance of the word. Still, Sir Henry insisted that he had seen it in a dictionary, and holding, no doubt correctly, that it was probably a remnant of pure Saxon, advised the writer to look it up for himself. Meanwhile, seeing that it was necessary to the conversation that some light should be shed upon the mean ing of the word, he added that a "spinney" was a narrow wood or copse about the width of two broad streets, and that the "spinneys" that flanked the lane leading from his father's house to the main road were full of pretty trees, like the ash and the hazle, and that beneath the trees there was a thick undergrowth of blackberries. The footpath from his father's fields led across one of the "spinneys" into the road, and it was to a hollow tree there that the servant used to go each morning for the newspaper. "In those days," said Sir Henry, "the Leigh barony was not in ex- tence, and the Leigh who reigned at Stone- leigh Abbey was plain Mr. Chandos Leigh. Leigh Hunt was christened after this gen- tleman, and his early books were dedicated to him. It may be of interest to those who knew Lady Jersey to state that her grandfather, the first Lord Leigh, also wrote verses, and here (showing the writer a handsomely bound volume) is a collec- tion of his works presented to me by his son, the second Lord Leigh." THE MONTH OF MAY. "May was rather an interesting month in my father's family," continued the old knight. "I had a brother who was born also on the 27th May (my birthday), 1805, Just 10 years before my birth. He died at Coventry, within three miles of where he was born, in the year 1883, at the age of 78\. Then I had a sister who died at Faul- conbridge, on the Blue Mountains, some 3 years ago at the age of 8O. She was born on the 8th May. I was first elected to Parliament on the 2nd May, 1854, just 40 years ago. I was elected as the successor of William Charles Wentworth, a fact of which I am, I think, reasonably proud, and was opposed by Mr. Charles Kemp, who had just retired from the management of the 'Sydney Morning Herald.' I was elec- ted for the whole city of Sydney, and beat my opponent by nearly two to one. Here is a record of the polling: — Parkes, 1427; Kemp, 779. Mr. Kemp was a most worthy man, as I dare say you know. Then, finally, I broke my leg in May, so that it is altogether, as I said, to me a very in teresting month." A BLANK IN THE BIOGRAPHY. Strange as it may seem, Sir Henry does not care to talk about his boyhood and his youth. He will tell you about the moated garden of the house where he was born, about the pork pies and the cheeses made by his mother, about the "spinneys" lead ing from the fields of Tocil House to the main road between Kenilworth and Coven- try; but those things are reminiscent of his early childhood, and Sir Henry's child hood was perhaps happier than his youth. "My father removed to Glamorganshire, South Wales, when I was a youngster of nine," he said. "It was an unfortunate step, for the farm he took there did not succeed. My experiences at that time were those of a country boy wandering about the fields and the woods. We lived near a little town called Colebrldge, not far from the coast of the British Channel, and we afterwards removed to the city of Gloucester, where I went to work. I have worked hard from then to now." Then came a long pause. That was all he would say about his early youth, except that as a boy he was very fond of reading, with but too few books to fall back upon. The first books he read were "Robinson Crusoe" and "The Pilgrim's Pro- gress." Subsequently the reviewers made him eager to lay hands on "Lalla Rookh." The price, however, put the work entirely beyond his reach until one day passing a bookseller's shop he chanced to see a pirated edition marked 4s 6d. At home he had just 5s. So off he went for the money, and once having got the book In bis pos- session he never stopped until he had read the poem right through. "And I can re member whole pages of 'The Fireworship- pers' still," Once he sat up all night to read "Childe Harold," and was half frozen with the cold before he had got half through the poem. Whilst talking in this somewhat melancholy strain about bis youth, Sir Henry unlocked a box resting on a chair beside him, and with a mysterious air drew from among the papers there an ancient looking document, which, he said, was a detailed account of that portion of his life, written by himself exactly 50 years ago, and ever since kept under lock and key. The signature and date he pointed out to his visitor, but not a single line ; beyond would he allow him to peruse, "That paper," he said, "I intend to burn before I die. Its contents are known only to myself. I have not even allowed my wife to read it." And then he added, almost as though thinking aloud, "It could do no good! Mine was not a happy boy- hood. I had no companions." A FORETASTE OF POLITICS. "From Gloucester We removed to Bir- mingham" he continued, "and there in 1832 I attended the greatest meeting ever held. I suppose, in the United Kingdom, at a place called New Hall-hill. Here, on the wall, you see an old lithograph of the gathering. I bought, it. soon after the event, and have stuck to it amidst all the changes of my life." The picture was certainly devoid of merit as a work of art. Still, as the illus- tration of an assemblage of 250.000 persons, it was interesting even apart from the fact that, it was to the meeting represented there that the veteran statesman owed his first deep inspiration of a political nature. The drawing is known as "The gathering of the Unions," and there in a vacant space perhaps some 20 , acres in extent you see what is almost certain to be the largest crowd you ever saw in your life, converg- ing from the manufacturing districts for scores of miles around, to demand in no uncertain tones the First Reform Bill of the Grey Administration. "I remember well," said Sir Henry, gazing affectionate ly upon the picture. "I remember well standing as a unit In that dense throng and hearing the hymn they sang roll like billows of thunder overhead. Listen to one verse." It was recited to a single per- son only and in the solitude of his private library, but never in his most, impassioned moments on the floor of the Legislative Assembly has Sir Henry Parkes's voice ever rung in accents clearer or more im- pressive. Commonplace as the verse may be it sounded positively grand as, in slow and solemn tones, and "speaking in very core of his thoughts," he repeated : — "Lo, we answer, see we come, Quick at Freedom's holy call. We come, we come, we come, we come, To do the holiest work of all." "This was before the days of Cobden and Bright," he said, "and nothing in the Anti-corn Law Agitation approached the gathering in magnificence. It was the first political meeting of any importance that I had attended. It was the first in which I took an interest; and it entranced me. I was 17 years of age at the time and standing alone in the midst of that vast multitude of people I could have laid down my life gladly for the cause. From that day I never let go politics. The people dispersed to put placards in the windows of their shops and houses, indi- cating that no taxes be paid there till the Reform Bill became law, and to see their furniture sold by auction, or, as often happened, not sold for lack of purchasers, rather than depart from their determina- tion. We also sewed badges on our coats, and said that we would not take them off till the bill was passed. I wore mine ac- cordingly, and have it by me to this day." HIS FIRST PUBLIC UTTERANCE. Alluding to his active political career, Sir Henry said that he never attempted to speak in public until he came to Australia, and then not for nine years after his ar- rival. He first addressed a political gathering In connection with the election of the late Lord Sherbrooke, then Mr. Robert Lowe, in the year 1848. Before that time, though he had for years taken a deep interest in politics, and had written anonymously for the newspapers, he did not think that his gifts lay in the direc- tion of platform speaking; and, judging from a parenthetic observation, "And a miserable fist I made of it," thrown out in reference to his first attempt, the effort was apparently the reverse of encouraging. Be that as it may, by way of emphasis- ing the deliberateness with which he en- tered upon the work of an active politi- cian, the old gentleman went on to say, "In like manner I was 12 years in the Legislature before I took office, notwith standing that I was offered a portfolio in the first Ministry, that was formed, and twice afterwards. Why I was nearly as long in the Legislature as Sir George Dibbs has been altogether, if we except the short time that he occupied a seat there some years ago, before I took office. The present Premier was elected to Par- liament in 1882, and in 1883 he was a member of the Stuart Ministry." GOOD WORK DONE FOR THE COLONY. "After my election to Parliament," con- tinued Sir Henry, "I set myself a great deal of hard work in connection with select committees, and in 1854 — two years before responsible government — a select commit- tee, appointed at my request to inquire in to the possibilities of establishing a nau- tical school for the purposes of a reforma- tory, sent in its report In favor of the scheme. That was the origin of the train- ing ship Vernon,, which was established, however, only when I came into office 12 years afterwards. Before a committee ap- pointed at my request about a year later to inquire into the state of agriculture, Sir John Robertson, then an unknown man, gave evidence. The first electric telegraph in the colony was erected upon my recom- mendation, and was, in fact, the outcome of a select committee moved for by me in 1856\. At this time our prisons were in a simply awful condition, and in 1861 a select committee, of which I was chairman, pro- posed a thorough system of reform, the re- commendations submitted on the occasion involving the adoption of the principles up on which the management of the gaols is based to this day. We recommended that in carrying out the sentences of the courts, good conduct should be taken into account by the Executive, so as to encourage a pri- soner to accomplish his redemption by a reformed life; that an inspector should be appointed; that classes for secular instruc tion should be held within the gaol, and a better description of books provided for the prisoners. We also urged that pri- soners should be employed in useful and suitable work; that sufficient pecuniary re- compense should be allowed for their labor to enable them to leave prison at the expi- ration of their sentences decently clothed; and that better sanitary conditions should obtain. I sent this report to the late Charles Dickens, who always took the deepest interest in the conduct of gaols and workhouses, and here," said Sir Henry, opening a handsome book of autograph let- ters written by distinguished persons to himself, "is his reply: — 'I have perused the public document with great interest and not a little horror.' wrote Dickens, 'and with a sincere admiration of the spirit in which the whole inquiry was conducted.' In the first year of his Colonial Secretary- ship Sir Henry visited the Sydney Infir- mary in company with the late Mr. Flood. to whose knowledge a serious case of mal- administration had come, and there he found at least one patient alive with ver- min and clothed over with blood from the wounds through which he had been bled. The name of the matron of those days was rather curiously Mrs. Ghost, and the estab- lishment itself was both too ghostly and too ghastly to please Sir Henry Parkes. Ac- cordlngly. he placed himself in communica- tion with Miss Florence Nightingale, and the result was that before long a body of trained nurses had arrived in Sydney un- der the control of Miss Osborne, and the condition of the hospital was very speedily transformed. This was the advent of trained nurses in Australia. Indeed, I may boast of being, in one sense, the father of every trained nurse in these colonies." said , Sir Henry. "The lunatic asylums, too, I found in a very unsatisfactory state," he added, "and as the best method of reforming them. I took Dr. Manning out of a ship of war. and com- missioned him to visit the chief institu- tions of that kind In the United Kingdom, on the Continent of Europe, and in America, and subsequently placed him in charge of the department, thus being responsible to that extent for the principles upon which the asylums are governed to this day." Referring to his report upon the management of the gaols. Sir Henry said that the position of inspector of pri- sons who offered to him but though he was at the time very poor, he declined to accept it. SOME OF HIS PUBLIC ACTS. Sir Henry then recounted some of the principal measures of which he was the originator. " Both Education Acts have been carried by me," he said. " Under the Public Schools Act of 1866 a council of education was appointed, with a president elected every year. That position was filled by me for three successive years. To the Public Instruction Act, which received the Royal assent in 1880, all the schools in the colony at the present time owe their existence. The Municipalities Act was carried by me. so that I may claim the credit of having passed into law the only measure of local self government upon the Statute-book. Similarly, I may call myself the originator of the volunteer force, seeing that 1 carried the Act by which it was created. The Railway Act was carried through by my Government, and the commissioners were selected by me. I passed the Public Works Act, and an Act authorising the resumption of land for public purposes; also the Act to secu- larise Church and school lands; beside which I might mention, amongst many others, numbering nearly 50 public mea- sures of importance, the Water and Sewer- age Act for Country Towns, and also for the city of Sydney, the Publicans Licensing Act, the Act for Boarding Out Children, and the present law to restrict Chinese im- migration. I also, upon two occasions, es- tablished border treaties admitting of free intercourse between the colonies of New South Wales and South Australia." Touch- ing that unfortunate proposal which never did find expression upon the Statute-book — the proposal to change the name of the colony from New South Wales to "Austra- lia" — Sir Henry complained, with some de- gree of feeling, that it was unjust to re- gard the attempt as emanating from him. He never was particularly favorable to the idea, but it was one of those instances in which a man holding the position of Pre- mier is compelled to consider the wish of others, and when the proposal was first mooted a majority of members of the Legislative Assembly, including a great many members of the then Opposition, were in favor of it, the whole agitation having for its " head and front " no less a person than Sir George Dibbs. SIR HENRY PARKES. (From a Photo, by Falk in 1892.) MR. [HENRY] THOMAS PARKES-SIR HENRY'S FATHER. SIR HENRY AT THE AGE OF 35. SIR HENRY AT THE AGE OF 60. (From a Photo, by Newman.) SIR HENRY AS HE APPEARED ON QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY. 