The spccial session of Parliament opens to-day, and whatever may be its result it should not last over the week. With tbc reasons for calling it together the public is well acquainted. It is a simple position, aud should be kept clearly in view. The Dobson-Hcnrv Administration was defeated on its Land Bill by an Assembly fresh from the country, and therefore thoroughly in touch with its constituents. Its graduation scheme was not considered satisfactory, and the Braddon-Pysh Government took office to supply an acceptable substitute. This it 'was arranged should take the form of taxation on the unimproved or State {improved land values, and tlie proposal met with general approval. But l-efore such a change could possibly operate a re-assessment of the properties within I the colony was indispensable, More? , over, it was desirable, ijecause the pre ' sent assessments — made under circum ! stances Which have since completely changed — are known to be utterly unreliable. But prorision liad neces sarily to be made for the in terval which would be covered by thp making of the assessment. Tbe method adopted, Uierefqret wat? to in crease the Land Tax to Id for one year only, and to bring in an Assess ment Bill for the purpose of obtaining I the data upon which to base the Un improved Yatae Tax to be next year substituted ffli* put temporary Land Tax, Only upqn thJs flisljnut under standing, aud with this cle^r prospect in view, would the increased I^audTax have been accepted by tho Assembly. The Government, therefore, stands doubly pledged to it, first as a matter i of sound policy, and next as a distinct engagement with its supporters. In the Assembly the Assessment Bill was warmly approved by a clear majority. As the necessary preliminary to a taxing measure it properly ranges as a taxing measure, and as such it is for the voice of tlie popular UhaiubcT to rule concerning its adoption. The first principle of democratic government asserts tbe right of the Assembly, representing the taxpayers, to determine the character aud incidence of taxation, and also the way iu witiob tbe money shall be spejit. The Assembly, u-jt the Cpun* cjl. is the taxing Chamber, aud tbe Assembly, fiot the Council^ is tlie purso-boarerf S«t Tasmania has hitherto l)cen content to wear its political rue witn a dirtercnce. As was remarked in the last number of the lieviev. ? of /Teuiei'*, ' It is a common place of English Constitutional law i t-toMQ Upper House can reject but 1 caunot auHud Jlqney Bills sent to it by the Lower Hour»c,* Tasmania, lipw ever, has a Constitutional doctrine all its own. The Council is elective, and while it has never claimed the Tight to initiate taxation it lias freely amended Money Bills. It will curious to learn whether what is Constitutional heresy everywhere else is sound doc trine in Tasmauia.' With regard to tbe Assessment Bill, the complaint is not that tlie Council au^nded, out (hat it rejected. Even here it is not claimed that it acted outside its undoubted right, but that it acted unwisely in de ciding to ignore the voice of the country, as expressed by its representatives, and so virtually attempted to dictate the taxing policy of the country. Bve^ this was not done in such a manner as to make it the deliberate acjb of the Councli. Tl)£ rejection was /effected by the casting vote of tbe JtppsuieBt on the formal question closing the committee stage ' that the Bill do now p ss.' Therefore Ministers are justified in again presenting the Bill, for inan fold reasons. They are Justi fied because it is vital to the taxing policy T\hich the country and the Assembly has deliberately approved. They ar? justified beoauee if w par snaBSotia distinct engagement vitai theff^jpprtlrs. They are justififti becaiiScgMs a nepossary assertion & -ihe rigfit Yestlug in the Assembly to^ direct, 'and even to dictate, the char.-, actor and incidence of taxation ; and they are justified^ because the rejection of the Bill wus not 1be ^eliberfiK'iand well-coiikidered aot of' a. majority in the Gounoil. These -are - tho -reasons why the. special session.of,. Parliament openB in HobaiV to-da^ its wife* busi ness being to .agahi pass tlhfe Assess ment Bill , and' tp fleni -4fc ^nprro the Council for approval. There' jire good MAiin^a fnv ^tiVtrMniniy J-.lwif. j +1m'c occasion the Council will accent the Dill. It certainly will do . so. jf it is governed more by consideration for ihe welfare of the. colony than by an mreasonin^ loyalty to premier impres sions. Still it is 'feXtrctoelj; \ diffi cult, even impossible, tp : forecast the future with any- degree of certainty, ind it can only be said thatif the Bill l)e again rejected it will be for .the Assembly, during the session - next an6uing, to v£ry ^riouslyjponbllfer the whole subject of the relation^ )5etween the two Houses. ^A Seconij'Chaml)er is most distihctly'^a necessary «heck upon hasty or indigested legislation ; but a Second Chamber claiming dominant powers over the public purse and popular Assembly is .an in stitution inconsistent 'with thejLiberjbies of a free people. The speaiMyChar^ober of the business to be broughtrrolirard should ensure that the seBsiqia-- wll open and close within the week.^ . ffhe Assembly has already ^ccbpted the^Bill, and may be expected to_ endorse Its own action by Again 'passing it without much discussion. - Tor tlie Council tne issue is a clear one, and the BiU ^lias already i-een thoroughly tlirashed^ut ; therefore its jes or no should fat least be prompt. TKe only way by which the feession cian he prolonged is by the introduction of extraneous matter, and this should be steadfastly resisted. There iR an anti- Income Tax agitation of a rather fefeblc character underway, and another for the amendment of the Constitution Act so as to effect electoral alterations. Of both it is sufficient to say, at tins stage, that the time for discussion is not now. The Income Tax must hav| ita t.riul nnd in smv case, with an earlv 1895 session in view, these subjects may well stand over till tben. Duriug. the past eighteen months the House has been in session over two-thirds of: the time, and it is not at all desirable to establish tlie institution of a per petual Parliament. Anything in the shape of the threatened obstruction should therefore be held firntlyni check, and, having assembled for a special pur pose, the House on its assembling should, without any unnecessary for mality, suspend the standing orders to effect that special purpose, and liaving achieved this object it should forth with adjourn, reserving all other out tors for the next ordinary session. ' The Political and Financial Reform League, which assumed definite shape as the result of last Friday's meeting, starts with a good title and au excel5 lent object. That .there is plenty of room for reform in oar political lar rangements very few. will dc disposed to deny, and public endorsement will as readily go WJth tlie proposition that it is highly desirable to 1 simplify our form of government so as to make it less cumbrous uud less cxpdigivc. These are general premises upon which everyone can agree, but the difficulty is in formulating an acceptable scheme for the purpose of giving them practical effect. The general propositions that the country must pay its way, aud that the two necessary factors are retrench ment and increased taxation, have been as generally endorsed. They are by their very nature indisputable. Given a certain revenue, and an expenditure in excess, the rest is clear. balance the two you must reducc expenditure and increase revenue, uuless the heroic alternative is adopted, which no one has yet advocated, of suddenly bring ing your expenditure down to your revenue by drastic and wholesale re trenchments, or as suddenly bringing your revenneupto expenditure by heavy and oppressive taxation, ^phe reason able man strikes the happy medium by advocating a moiety of both as the better method. So reduced expendi ture and increased taxation becomes the generally accepted proposition mitil the attempt is made to transform the gtmpral into the particular, and then egmes the tf publti. TJjg {nan who is to be rcduced^an^ tlie maji'Vhq js to be taxed suddenly and 'strongly dissent. Their reasonB may lie diverse, but the unanimity of their conclusion is wonderful, and to' shift its personal application the . whole scheme comes iu for a sweeping and I scathing denunciation, oblivious of the fact that its miscarriage must mean that expenditure still goes on in exccsB of revenue, aiid that the country does not pay its way. Thus the action gdoptea from interested motives stul tified that udopted from a patijotic standpoint. At this present moment the evidences are on evety hand in the deputations to Ministers to pro test agaiust tliis retrenchment and fih^ pcqnomy | against the Jnnome fax on pne hand, and the cutting'down of a local subvention on the other, pvery man is prepared to bfe splen didly patriotic at lus neighbpp-£ ex* pense, but when tbe suggestion is made that he shall pay part of the patriotic price, his exclamation is, Vade retro , iSaUtana$ This is the difficulty with which the Political and Financial Re form League will have to cope. Every oiic -vilj endorse tbe objects of the League itfa general way, but *-1^0 the formulated scheme threatens to touch him personally, the room for a differ ence of opiuion will bccomc painfully ap parent. In fact the political axiom will again be publicly demonstrated — Let a man propose retrenchment, and he will be applauded to tbe echo ; let him attempt to put it in practice, and he will 8fraj£l}t\Vjw become tlie object of general' execration. To tliie Sjr «[ame6 Patterson, ex-Premier of Victoria, can testify on oath. The Reform League — to get rid of its too extended title — has an excellent object in view, but does not seem to know how it is to be attempted iTOb !p^ aojiievefl. }tfha« been decided that the' genial oom? mittee shall further consider the con stitution of the League, and draw upa I'eppft tQ )-e submitted to a public , meeting to I# eallmi by .felie exe cutive committee, Thip is a Arise step, and as the report will doubtless embody some scheme for attaining; the objects* in view, the public will then l-e in a position to judge of the merit of the movement. Meanwhile judgment must be suspended, though oQ ttJ^effpfiltjgb rfgi Ihe . iftjdel^ratmns^ln^tlie hbpe tnw^omf : f^ib^^lah'^a^l-c&^^^edk{fferin^ \ atf^sttajw from present ditficultiesr- Jt ' ^ is, - however, just as well to kpep in, « view that reduced cost must mean re-' . difced facilities and convcnienccs *, but whenlhe latter reduction is attempted j then will come the tiofc. j ^tiat is' ; wanted to -fully, ratify ^the. -average 1 man is to curtail the. present expen diture tod to 'retain, everything put- j chased by its disbursement. ' i If the bppes of ihe Opposition were at all ba^ed upon what might ))e the outcome of fast night's meeting in Hpbart, ,Uhey ;mnst be ? tabher ,fii^y dashed. :To say 4-hat from a promoter's point . it was f ?a fiasco rather ( mildly pbfas^ the m^ter. It w4s tli»Sina more,' emce it exposed the wire pullers as . ipcn who have not even, the o-urageof theiropinioas,and who would egg others on to 'do what they are afraid orrashamed to do themBb)v6s. In one sense the meeting was a repeti tion of the Balak and Baalam ineiaerit, the pubhc being invited by the pro moters to curse the. Government, and lo ! they blessed them altogether. Yet the ^rap.w&B; skilfully baited, since the colorless resolution proposed was just such a one, as tbe piiblic might safely have endorsed. But thosejffescnt f&w; danger in givinjg any handle to 'dis- affection, and therefore theynegativbd the motion, and bo blew the whole intrigue to .- atoms. It is ' impossible ?not to sympathise , with the Atayorj placed -by the incidence of the meeting m isnoh «n* .invidious- positopn; But' the experience fnay.bot be valueless if: it induces, greater --care in j giving i JT&yoral; ; countenance to distinctly 1 factious lactic?. ; ; './J. 3 , i Vice-Kehal. — ! -^nmnstpn,LadyGo3c^%iis]lcijj/ji'ud,MryI.:F. . Rawlinson, private secretary, arrivetl from Hpbart by express train yesterda'. At the station they were received by the Mayor (Mr 11\. H. Price), and the Town Clerk {Mr-G. W. Boehcr). U]-oti entering ihe carriage'* in ' wailing the yic^-regal 'p«jt5,^was',driV5n . to : the at^amer Pateena, yrti'oncse ihe members of it took their .departure for Mcllwurnc at. Si^'cloek. ^ 'THB ^LAV'S^rHETHiNO.'^The balcony. P setne from 'Borneo and Juliet,' ..wijtb an-, prc.priate drcssce, sccncry, and music, ajioui^^ coi stitute a strong item in tonight's 'pro- gn mme at- the Academy -of .Music. The w 'rl -ghost scenes from 'Hamlet' will also be giv^n, and spccial music,. including the celebrated 'Ghost melody ,n has b$en prc]-ared for the orchestra. In the musical porti6n of the programme strong items will be contributed by Messrs. Fred. Ferguson, K. A. M'Eachern, W. H. Saviguv, and Miss Ida Cox. Several selections of pop.ular and sparkling music will be rendered hy the Orpheus Orcbcstml Society-, .Mr BalfewilL ri cite Byron's 'Field of Waterloo,' for which stirring battle music ha6 b-?en pre pared and will be played by the full orchestra. In' HomeoandJuliut' Mr Hammond appears as Bnneo and Mrs Balfe as Julitt. . In 'Hamlet' Mr Balfe will essay the title rote, Mr Hammond the ghost, and Mrs Balfe the Queen. A full hou6c is expected 4o greet Hcrr and Madame ^ichcrt at tho riss of the curtain. Boring for Coal. — The Government diamond drill, under the chargc of Mr Harrison,cngincer,ls being erected upon the ' land alongside the Evandale Junction, and J will be at work in a few days. The object of , thesyndicate holdingthe land is tolhoroughly : test rhe coil measures known to exist in that locality. A bore of 400ft ot 500ft -will be : put down, and if the results agree with the hand bore that was sunk some time ago a working shaft will- be sunk and coal raised. : It will be rtmembered that some excellent seai lb of coal were met with in the hand bore, and if the syndicate arc successful in proving its exist* nee bv the drill there will be a good future for the field. Implement TbiAl at tiA6SAFius. — A trial of Masso) -Harris cultivating imple ments was given at Mr Fred. llockUffe tirm at Sassafras on Friday last. '.Tho. imple ments were two and three-furrow steel ' ploughs and cultivator, and after a trial in 6tnbble laud, proving ver ? satisfactor *, the ploughs were put iu a grass tluM which ha 1 not been ploughed for 15 ytars. Tho work done was eitisCacfor-*,' but not equal to that in the stubble. Two horses only were used all through the. trial, draught being easy. The cultivator was put to a specially s v re | test on a piece of rocky land which ha been ? too rough for any of Mr liocklifTs imjd1. - 1 menls to touch, yet very g03l work was made, ard no injury -1onc to the machine, although to make the test more sevtro tbive men rode on the machine while working in the roughest land. Thi implements we rj oj -crated by MrJamcs Mack, who thoroughly explained their special qualities^ which. s:cm to chiefly consist in substitutingspring steilfor iron in frarais and specially pre pared 'steel in working parts of implements, Social at T^mpbba.kck Hall. — The member^ of the Independent Ordtr of GooJ Templars held a social at the Temperance Hall last evening. The attendance was very good, and Mr D. Storrcr presided. An ex cellent programme of songs, recitations, and musical items was provided. The chairman delivered a short aMreeSj Mr A. J. Haw kins was encored for his character sketch, and gave '.The lifeboat.' The song, ' There is a flower that bloometh ' was - xccUently Cdndercd by Mr 6. Li 'ster, who in response J to a decided Recall fans M^rgULrite '? in' iiljcu a manner as to ik.- vociferoti(ily ap plauded. Mr J. Shepherd delivered a tem perance address, and Mr 6. Blanchard, of the barqhe Bereau, 'Was loudly .applauded for his song 'Heart* of Oak.' The others who took part in the programme were Misses PliilUps (accompanist), Lidstcr, Bal lard, Mrs Harrison, and Missrs. 0*Ncil. Bal lard, and Britton. Refreshments w\re pro vided apd.an enjoyable evening spent. Pbofit*Su ABIKO. — A successful st. stem of proBt-'shariug Tietween cmplo.-cre ant their workpeople has for the last four y«nrs been carried out by M-.-ssns Clark, Nic'holls, . ajid Coombflj ,of ^i^ckt|y -\Tipl;, ffhe oompMiy'p' sljarehgl lers have f ceivecf eti per cent., and tbe surplus' profits haw been equally dlrideil between them ard the ?workpeople. . The lattrr's share for lHy:-i, amounting to £1700, was rcc.ntl}* -?istrilu- t&ltothe; 840 pereons entitled to re;-.'ivw |t. 3£r A. Hoi®, one or the manag- ; in'g 'directors, mentioned that during the previous three years £1200, £1200, and £1550 r- spcctivcly had been dis- J tribnted to labor, which wns, ro^igh^ ? enetkkr.i jug, ^ l^r ocut, «tn the wag* id. About 4H60 | mdre was. paid last year in w*ageB tliafl in 1892\. Sfncc the schcmc had been in opera- . tion they had revival ovir £6000 in bonus. 1 A superannuation fund had been started, and also a fund for giving girls who liad j been a curtain time iu the company *6 cm ?lo}*ment a little sum ou tbtir marriage. ^ o neither of these funds were the workers1 asked to subscribe, and they might belong' j-0 (jay tyade iiniqn e;r tlQt, tljey thai^gUt ' Thk P^kaltv of Wealth.— A' gooJ dnal of syu]iathv, sa; s an American paper, m^-' be felt for the domestic affliction* -of Mlpe Gould. She pays the penalty of beifig wealthy and the daughter of a man fabu lously wealthy. A mansion at Turrytown, ' Bucb as a millionaire alone can aSord to kerp u}) is, after all, scarcely habitable owing to worry. Servants arc not. enough to give comfort. There must also bea^uard of ppljpeiU i-g*en at rang, watching day-aud n}ght^. and:cyen tliln apjirchcnsion is not 'banished. Every jKiron who approachis the mansion i6 a suspect, -and Miss Gould seems to have a life little bappWr than the Ctar, who s^?8 a -Nihilist stalking in every shadow nnd bi6 doom iu a falling leaf. The cranks and -the covetous, who arc noarly as bal, are respon sible for this terrorism, (ipd t^c?e api HQ mifttik of obta^ninj; eu+ancipatiqn from the nuisance. To live at all m-ans oonstant vigilance. There is ' no bribing the bordtj into a truce. Such are the (tenuities of wealth. There i6 more comfort in a modest c0m']»etence. W, D. l-E^OOqjC'0 PpBR .T^WI-Vr-QoB^tV unsur|tftsscd, manufactured in 'the fruit season only from f r- sh fruit and tliu highest grade of refined sugar. In the proeoes of manufacture stringent clcanlinesa is ob serve!, and (he article contains no coloring matter or a Alteration of any kind. Sold by leading merchants and sill r^spcctable groocra. S, EsrjoNA.GE.— Tiicre is ang&iAi;^saUpnan London that, is likely to uuwiuc£ Lt is 'run-- bjMaddiats, and is l^oWifcM Social Purity Association. A very best authority (says a £or?a«pqp(lctat) fliat ono of- its 'latest developments is to pvatch — and carefully watch — the move ments a dor.cn members of Parliament, si£ on cKlicr side. The, names arc known, although one would not care to publish them here. At tlie present time these gentlemen, , are being shadowed. The instructions given ; to tHellctectTves to '''make all' possible coquirira ^LnloVlheir. mode^ -of life, and specially note'everything that may have any beari^ On their moral 'character.** - i. hope tjiiu&Arc; not a^dote'n men' in' .ihe House 'of Commons vrho would require such close scrutiny ; but, whether there are or not, I think, ib the name of common dcccncy, a protest ought to be entered against this awful cspioriage. i- ? -r ? Tbe Corea-*s. — Although a commercial treaty has been cstablislied with Corca — , about which so much has been written lof laU^-comparativcly little is generally known of this country, as the inhabitants are somu What suspiciftUBOf Euro pea iis, The women, - H'seems, pferfoVm the Add woi-k, arid during, the day arc never seen out of doors. At S. o'clock the mch arc imposed to return, and the women go to their work. It sometimes happens that the Oorcan hunter misjudges the time, and coming back meets the women. The man povere. his face, and remains so until -the women have passed.'- He is taken before the chief of his village, and has to explain the cause of his being abroad during Krohibited hours. Having a gooi.excuse he i-iim-d in the amount of game, ho has ob tained that ('ay, and cautioncd. Under the very JDraeonic laws the morality is of a high 8tandard)%tod executions for this offence ore very rare. The men arc engaged hunting arid fishing, and they lob tain very substantial additions to Ihe requirements of the house hold, as both game and fish arc( abundant. Their arms and ta'ckle'are : extremely primi tive, but they 4irc particularly expert with the spear.' - '? BpssiA and Its Millions.— The popula tion of ltussla at %he beginning pf -this year numbered about *424,000,000 souls; ? These are distributed in the following manner : — In the 60 Governments of Bussia in Europe there flre about 000.000 inhabitants; vi*., Itf Ihe Vistula country, 8.900.H00 in. the Caucasus, 8,000,000 ; in Siberia, 4,750,000 ; in Asia, 6.100,000 ; and in Finland, 2.380,000. The lluspian army in tiiuesof peace numbers about 820,000 men. which, compared to the population, is but a small number. Other countries, sneh asGermanv and France, have Already morcihan 1 per cent, of their popu lations permanently with the colors. Shonld the^Ctar choose £o follow the ex ample of other European l'oWcrs'he would be in command of by far the largest nura yer of men under one sovereign in the Vriorld. ' ? ' Samoan AFFAiBS.—The German' cruiser i Fftlk- has visited Bavaii for the purpose of ' warning the disaffected chiefs ther'1. The captain of the cruiser sent aehoj^j a pinnace I ind an inritAtaon to Tebel chiefe-to visit the Falkc. It took them 24 hours of thinking before the warriors could «ec their way clear te accept tlie proffered hospitality of the 1 German naval officer. A number of lo. al chiefs had- at once gonb off to the cruiser,' but not so the others,, who probably bus- 1 pected that the. German intended to spirit them away to sojourn with their ox-collcague I Mataafa ib the Marshal Islands. - Captain . .Von Moltke, of the- Falko, was eventually* | favorei with a visit from the ex-scalp luutirs, or 'head -cutters,' as they were described in a recent tight. He administered , a wholesome lesson to them, laying stress j especially upon the foolish statement alleged ! to have cmauatcd from Tama4esc, that in a little while the rebels would rtceive German support. Notwithstanding the captain's warding it was current in Apia the da/ the Mariposa sailed (says an exchange) tbat tbc rebel causj iB spreading. Despite this con* dition of native affairs the juuilcc celebra tion of the Malua School (London Mission ary Society) drew together 8000_Samoane, and the services lasted two c'ay6. Naues of Gni:AT Men.— It is a pardon able weaknihs to se^k to perpetuate the pames of the world's gnat mm by con f« rring ujjon the ? oungi-r generation, though it may lead to such incongruities as 'Julius Oesar Potts.' But for nakid and unehanud contiscation of the names of illustrious d« nd we havr to go to the negro {topulation of tbc United Statis, and very quaint, and not wholly flattering to the prototypes, are the public appiarances of some of the bearers of these honored names. Thus (sa. s the Daily Chronicle) we lind the following pregnant paragraph in the police news of a Ken tuoky newajiaperi — 'Benjamin franklin was wL'j'p'.'d yesterday for stealing chick lis, Thomas Jiffenon sent up for ; vagrancy, Jam s Madisou flne-l 2 'ol for | getting., drunk, Aaron Burr had his eye gouged .out in a tight, Jphn Wesley was caught breaking into a stem;, -George Wash , ington is on trlil for arson, An Ircw Jackson j was shot in a lar-room down by the riv^r, ; Martin Luther acci-ientallv hung himself on thegArhn filings ^vhile stealing a basket of veg -tables, and lf;vi-ol.Qn |\an«i)ar4c got ten da s for stealing a goat.' Commenting ou 4his paragraph the editor of our Ken uickian- conteui)Kirary s4,.s : — 'I look for ward with-confldcnce to the happy tim^ when it will, be possible to rccord police news with out r «or-JiDgamong the criminals the nanqc of at least five honored fPreevJenie of tliis , R-. i-ublic. I Tub Aet of Gastronomy. — According i to Mr Joseph Hatton thejie is one prince on earth who knows how to live. 'He follows : to the letter John Grumbly's plan of re j versing the customs of society., He is the ; Chines j Pritic: who governs tfie Laos State-s, j between Siam and Tonquiu. Tbe mere \- government of the people lie leaves to lils i wifu— his principal oncj-erhaps. As to him I siiJf he devotes his mind to the art of gas tronomy. His thoughts dwdl on the roast ing of treats, the compounding of sauccg, and the' preparation of ^ala^s; and the | better to feecure perfection he has hal his ; throne 'set up in the ro. alkitclien, and there j he receives deputations »oa tbe business of j thecountry. He inttrrupt6thecouvirsationB with ordr rs to his cooks, iu much the sanic , st« le as captains of oi l who read the scrvicc 1 On Sundav ant broke off occasionally to j swear at the or«,w. ,, t | Militaby Ballooning. — Tbc particulars of the remarkable balloon accident at Aider shot, reported in our cables on September 6, are as undir: — Tbe Duclxssof Connaught ha-1 consented to christen a new balloon-^ the largest military HHuon yet made — whiub been constructed at the Ntw Bal looning 6chool at Allershot, uuder th^ direction and from a d sign made by Colonel Templar, B.B. It was to be named theDach ea of Counaught. Another new trillion, ealled 'Flo,'^_hftd hec» got. Jn r.adiuess to make a trial ascent, and it went up aB a captive without an; one in the basket, but containing a royal Bt an lard. No sooner bai\ it got the length of the cable th&n; it was struck on the tfjj fi vivid flash of light uing. wh^hfttonoeB-t IIqq Are, whilst the eleetrio current, running down the wire, struck four men (Bugler Bourne, an 1 Sappers FosU-r and Muriie, ^iml another) who were bohling it. They were instantly tlu'owo to the ground, lu vlow of the Duke and DucIii'68, and were found to be scriously lujured and in great ngouy. Although ! «v ry man- was j«aral; sed, the ine.'-ical men who were appli d to rci-orted favorably as to their probable rcpayey/. All tbi^ tbc work ^ luomeat',' out Imme diately tli«? Duke of Connaught realised what a s rious catastrophv ha.l occurred, an 1 shearing the cries of the injured sappers, he rushed from the shed with Colonel Templar, ,and did all iu his power to rendi r assistance .and relieve th - sufferings of the men, who were conveyed to the Cambri^go IToBpitaL The Duchess, after waiting to s-.'c the poor lULii carried away, drov. off to Government House, it not being tljgi^g|;t desirable to -}hri«t-n tho new balloon. The event natu rally ca'us?-3 great sensation. Mrs W. Hart cor.'ially invites all members of W.C.T.U. and subscribers to the banner to meet at her reBiJence,,4Bifrons,' 9*30 p.m; to-day. . -.'s Mr A. J. Hall, dental eqrfgeon, wrfll resuttie city practice at fiat. Johu-strcet on Thursday ?oeir, the 25th'io6t. Lecture on ' Spiritualism,' Oxford Cham bers, 7*30 p4D. on Thursday. Admission free. La Mascottc Cinderella at Cornwall As sembly Booms tliis evening, Mr Embury, pentr^l St. John 6treet, notlli-p he has just r. ecived a ship m-mt of coatings and tweedB,.and is offering sp^ciil liues for cash. i Half-yearly meeting lloBebery Company I at Mechanic®' Institute, ti p.m. on the 81st 1 Mi r 