spiritualistic materialisation. SYDNEY. Monday. Mr. Hosking, the conjuror, gavo a publio Kfaiiec beforo a largo audience in the Optra House to-night, in continuation of what ha olaims to bo spiritualiatio exposures. Ths slasice was carried out under the direotion of a oommitteo consisting of medieal intn and several prominent oitizens. Tlio conditions were similar to those under whioh Mrs. Mellon oarried out her test stance). Mrs. Mellou was one of the audienoo. Mr. Hosking was again most successful, though sewsi and sealed in a bag made on the stage, in produoing visibly the famous spirits "Cissie," "Josephine "and "Goordic." Josephine shook hands with one of tho committee. A rigorous examination at the olose failed to disoloso tbo aeoret of tho con juror's powsr. SYDNEY, Wednesday. ' Mr. Hosking, tho oxpo3er of spiritunllutio materialisation, garo his third exhibition before a orowded nudienoe ot the Opora House this evening. On Monday bo loaves Sydney for Melbourno, nndor engagement to Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove, at the Princess's Theatrs. On Wednesday and Thursday ovenlngs of next woek, after the oloso of tho present opera season, Mossrs. Williamson and Musgrove have arranged with Mr. Ernest Hosking to glvo two sniritualistio seances at tho Princess's Theatre, wiien he will endeavor to "materialise" tho spirits of " Josephine," "Gcordlo" and " Oissy," re nowned in conncotion with Mra. MeUor's mcdiumistie materialisations. Sydney is still seething with controversy as to tho " test " conditions under whioh Mrs. Mellon produced hor spiritualistio olfoot, and as to how Mr. Hosking manages to colipse lisr under conditions whioh aro certainly not in favor of deception. How ever, Mr. Hosking lays no olaim to mediumUtio puwors, and bis exhibitions are simply those of a' clover illusionist conjuror, who has mado a speoialty of the cabinot and spook produotion business. Ths Melbourne publio probably will be pleated at being afforded an opportunity of seeing for themselves what can bs done in these days of depression and 'deception in the way of making tho ghost walk. 