¥H0 BODE YIXM ? By D. G.uicia. “ You're never surprised at anything, eli, lad? Well, I used to eay tho same until-— Lutth-re, suppose I tell you tho story. “ Zf.i nigh on twelve years ago that lho event I’m going to relate to you occuircd, but the re collection of it is as fresh in my min i as though it h ul only happened yesterday. “At that tirao I was acting as private trainer to Squire Alton, and n hotter, kinder, or truer-hearted English gentleman I never wish * Things had gone very had with us all that season, and I knew that the squire, who was a heavy bettor, must lutvo dropped it to a tidy tune, but I had no ului matters were as queer as they were. However, X was soon to tind “ I was sitting in my snuggery one evening, musing gloomily enough over our past 11011 succuss, and despondently wondering if the luck over would change, when a rap came at thedoor, ami in response to my mechanically uttered * Come in,* there entered the squire “ To say I wai surprised is but to give a faint idea of my astonishment, for I had thought him in London, two hundred mi lea away. He smiled a3 ho walked across the room to greet me—such a wan, weary smile it was, too, tko mere ghost of liis old-time jo. ‘“You didn’t expect to see me, did you, Brown ?’ he said, as we shook bauds. ‘Hut I i there, I know you did not. You won’t ho 1 surprised, however, when I tell you my reason for coming. Just givo mo a brandy and soda, l ami I’ll explain all about it/ “ He emptied the glass at a gulp. “ ‘ Inow,” ho said, as he put it down, ‘lot’s got to business. In tho first place, what should you think Vixen could win tho Larkshiro Cup with V “ ‘ Eleven atone seven,” I answered promptly. “‘Right/ he s.iid; ‘and I think so too. Well, hero’—and ho drew a slip of paper from his pocket-book—‘ are tho weights, and she has only eleven stone to carry/ “1 Why, squire,” I cried, eagerly, ‘ it's a moral—that is, of course, if you ride your “ ‘ Oh, I shall ride hor, never fearand ho added, grimly, ‘I’ve too much at stake to be out of that/ * For a few moments he remained silent, gazing sadly into the fire; than ho spoke again. “£ Brown/ he said, ‘I daresay you’re wondering what on earth I wanted to leave town for simply to bring these weights down, when you might have seen them for yourself in a few hours* time. But that is not all. I have something olse to tell you. As you know, I’ve been losing heavily all tho season, and the defeat of Rod Boy last week was a fair facer. Racing debts, though, I might havo managed, hut yesterday I received the news that a mine in which I hold an enormous number of shares is practically worthless. To cut a long story short, the plain fact is that I’m on tho verge of ruin, and but ono chance is left mo of extricating myself from my difficulties. The Larkshire Cup I must win, and Vixen is the mare that must do 1 the trick/ f!‘Sha qju, and shall/ J exclaimed, ex> * u 1 Well, X hope so,* he said, quietly—* not so much for my own sake, as for hers / and I saw a tear steal slowly down his cheeks. “I know whom he meant. Two great troubles it had been tho squire’s fate to battle with during his lifetime. Tho first had come years and years before, when his twin brother, to whom he was passionately attached, had heard of. The second wan tnu uoatn ot mo wife, , who, dying in child-birth, had be queathed him a3 a heritage of love Alice, his golden-haired, blue-eyed daughter. It was of her'lie was thinking. Gambler he might bo, and as a gambler he could meec tho blow; but that she—his darling, the core of his heart Ah, I uncRr.-tood how ho felt just then. “Long through the night—far, indeed, into tho early hours of the morning—wo sat in earnest conversation, discussing tho plan of campaign, and when at length tho squire took his leave, there was even a trace of the by gone light- heartednes3 in his ‘Good-bye, Brown; wo shall weather tho storm yet/ “ You can imagine mine was a pretty auxious time during tho next month. Luckily, Vixen for once was inclined to have a long spoil of good temper, and oo progressed in her training all that could he desired. During tho last week tho squire came down to put her through her winding-up gallops, and hor ladyship fairly delighted u6 both. “ ‘ We shall do it, Brown,’said ho, on the morning beforo the race, as we watched the stable-lad lead hor away; ‘she’ll win in a canter to-morrow. I shall run up to town this afternoon and havo another 1 monkey’ on. Might aa well be hung for a sheep as a lamb.’ “It was a glorious day, and as I cantered towards the course, even the knowledge of what was at stake failed to stay my rising spirits. “I thought to havo found the squir3 there, but not seeing him, I strolled into tho ring to hear how tho betting was going. Vixen was second favorite, tho leading posi tion on tho lists being held by Good Lad, a clever chaser, I knew, and tho only animal I believed to threaten danger. “The big event was set for throe o’clock, and half an hour before that time I made my way towards the paddock for tho purpose of putting the finishing touches upon the mare. “ I had still seen no signs of tho squire, and certainly felt somewhat uneasy, but no thought of any accident entered my mind. Scarcely had I entered, however, when I saw a tele graph boy approaching, and in another moment I had torn the message open and know the truth. “Papa dangerously ill,1 it said. 1 Get another jockey.* “That was all; hut it wa3 enough, I toll you, to completely stun mo for tho time being. ‘Get another jockey’! 'Where? In her bad fits Vixen was a sho- dcvn. Witn the squire Bhe seldom belied ber name, but in tho hands of a atranger she was a mad horse. Like one in a dream I walked over to where tho lad wnalead her round. “‘It’s all up, Dick,’ I said, while tho lump in my throat seemed to grow bigger and ’ bigger; * the squire’s ill—can* t ride—and-’ * “ I stopped suddenly, as I caught the ex pression on my listener’s face. Hia eyes wero starting from their BOekets, and his whole expression was ono of frightened surprise. With an oxclamation of impatience, I turned on my heel, and then I, too, stood rooted to the spot with astonishment, for there, in front i of mo, looking like one just risen from the r dead, was he whom but a few moments before I had bolioved to be lying dangerously ill, | perhaps dying, miles and miles away—the squire himself I “ ‘Squire Alton !’ I gasped. * “Ho made no reply. Colorless as a corpse, 5 the awful pallor of his face shown up all the 1 the more vividly by the bright blue of his racing \- jacket—for ho was fully equipped for riding— f he stood for more than a minute like a statuo of * stone. Suddenly a convulsive shudder agitated L his limbs, and then, his countenance still wear j ing tho same expressionless stare, ho strode > slowly post me towards Vixen, swung hhnaelf [ into the saddle, and cantered away to tho . starting post. * “What did it mean? Here in my hand lay 1 the telegram tolling mo of his illness, and yet, * not throe hundred yards away, I could see him, in the dear old Alton colors, sitting Vixen with L the easy grace I knew so well. Was I mad or * dreaming? s “I watched the field aa they drew into line, ; saw the flag fall, and they were off. “A stiff hit of country wag the Larkshire t Cup course—three miles and a half nearly of Pennine hunt nip plough, ditch, wood and water. Something in rod shot out from the rest ns they lauded in a line over the first obstacle, and made tho running in advance of the favorite; King Tom, a slashing chestnut, coming third, and Vixen next. “ By tho stand, the first time, tho order of tho Killing quartet was unchanged, but the root of the field had dropped back, and were evidently already out of it. Half way through tho plough, the second time, tho leader came back to hi3 horses clean pumped out, Good Lad now going on first, with King Tom next, and Vix.-n [ snaking along third, n couple of lengths behind. I “Tlui next jump, a double post and rails, proved fatal to tho chance of King Tom, he over*jumping and coming a fearful cropper. There were now but a few small fences between that and tho water, and my heart gave a throb of hope aa I saw the beautiful long, low action of Yixmi t'lko her stealing up to the quarters of “ Hi tv yards from the crucial test they wero ii2c;c and neck. I saw the squire sit down to ride; I saw tho brilliantly-tinted jackets rise in tho air; there was a wild ynll from n multitude of throats, and as Vixen came cantering up the straight alone, I knew it was all over—Good L id was down, and the cup was all our own ! “ Willi a cry of delight 1 turned towards tho woighing-room. I had some little distance to go, and ns I readied tho entrance I met tho squire coming out. “ 4 So it has corn© oil!’ I cried. 41 knew it “ He never spoke. With tho same rigid expression upon his race a?, it had worn before the race, his eyes staring into vaciuoy, In* brushed past me, and in another moment had mingled with tho crowd and disappeared. “ It was beyond mv comprehension, and until the mystery was unravelled I could not rest. By the next train I went up to town, and pro ceeded lo tho squire's residence. I asked for his daughter. She came, a look of intense anxiety upon her features. “‘Well,’ eho 6aiu, 4 how is it? Ilnvo you “Won’’ I repeated, wit® surprise. ‘Why, haven’t you heard? Of course we have. Vixen camo homo nlouo, and the semiro never rode a finer race in his life.” “ 4 The squire!” she cried, astonished in her “ ‘ Yes,’I said; 4 but I couldn’t make him out. He never spoke a word to me all tho time lie was ou tho course.’ “ 4 The squire!’ she again repeated. ‘ Impos sible! Why, papa is lying ill at this very moment in hia room. Ho has never left his bed since early this morning!’ “But I tell you’- I commenced, and then suddenly stopped, while for the second time that day 1 almost doubted my own sanity, for the door had been noiselessly opened, and there, just inside tho room, stood Squire Alton ; looking his old-time self indeed, tho ruddy bronze of vigorous health on his cheeks, and i his eyes us keenly bright as of yore. | “ Fi»r a few momenta lie stood, evidently j enjoying our astonishment; then hia voice broke the spoil: j “Do not bo afraid,’ ho said; and now I j noticed that tho ring of his tones differed from my old master’s. ‘Iam no ghost, yet neither am I Squire Alton. But sit down, young lady, and you, sir, and I’ll explain tho mystery fully.’ “Mechanically wo obeyed, and ho followed “ ‘And now,’ ho said, addressing Miss Alton, Vdid you never hear of your father’s twin brother—your Undo Georgo V “4 Why, yes,’ said Miss Alton, ‘ many times. But surely you aro not-■* “4 lie. Indeed, hut I am. Listen. Eighteen years ago I loft home—why, it matters not— but from that dor to last week not a single soul abouts, or if I were alive or dean. I had never thought to set foot on England’s shores again, but somehow the tramp fever burned itself out in tho end ; a longing for the old scenes took its place, and a month ago I landed at ‘home, sweet homo,’ once more. “ < I had first intended to see tho squire, my brother immediately, but a fow chauce words I heard dropped at my club caused me to chan go my mind. Tho words I refer to gave mo a faint idea of my brother’s position, and by dint of judicious inquiries I was soon in posses tion of the facts of the case. I knew that un less Vixen won, tho squire was ruined beyond all redemption. “‘Poor papa!’ murmured his daughter. “ 4 Well, I had, unknown to my brother, watched him on Boveral occasions, and I saw that his nerves wero being gradually wrought into such a state of tension that they might snap at any moment, and a serious ilhies3 result. Anticipating, therefore, some such thing has occurred, I made my arrangements accordingly. To Bocuro my qualification as a geiiflcman rider was easy enough. Yoara in ! tho saddle out West has made me a horseman : with few equals. I knew every inch of the | Larkshiro Cup course from experienced gained I as a boy. Tho main difficulty was Vixen. If i she cut up rough it was all over. However, to | some extent I smoothed away that trouble. I Old Joe Biggs, your stud groom, has been in ! tho Alton service since when a lad. To him I went, revealed my identity, ana stated my I plan. He fell in with it at once, and through I his instrumentality I had a few half-hours in ; the mare’s company, that put us ou tho best of terms with each other. So, when this morning tho blow fell which I had feared all along, I had everything in train for operations. The rest you know. I rode Vixen, and I don’t mind saying that a more comfortable rido I never had in my life. Mine was a wild act, but it came off.’ “ ‘But your awful whiteness‘r* I cried, still doubtiug. 41 He laughed. ‘ Oh, I didn’t “ storm barns” for a couple of years with a dramatic company without learning how to “ make up.” So now you know tho whole story, and all there is to do is to toll the squire of Vixen’s victory—it will do him more good than physic, I’ll bo bound — and thon, immediately he’s well enough, we’ll all go down to the old place to getherr’. ** And this was done. Tho load of anxiety once removed from his miud, Squire Alton steadily improved—joy at being re-united to his brother materially helping him on to re covery—and in a few weeks’ time he was about again, os well and hearty as over. “Now, what I wish to say is this: If you are never surprised at anything, I’m not ashamed to confess that a more astonished man never breathed than 4 yours truly’ tho day ho solved the mystery as to 4 Who rode "V ixeu ?’ —“ Weekly Budget.’* 