TEN HOTJES IN THE ADELAIDE LOCK-UP WITH TWO GHOSTS, j ACCOMP4MED BY WICKED I DREAMS: 1 How I Got These and How I Got £By a Correspondent.j CHAJPTEB II. I then sat down on the side of a wooden " bunk," shipshape, no bedding or blankets did it contain. It had a wooden pillow arid that was the only furniture in the celL In ruminating over my night's proceedings, I began to realise my unpleasant position, and many of the most extreme ideas would rush to my mind—such as I might be at that very moment ■ a murderer and never have ,a moment's liberty again ; the judge putting on his black cap and pronouncing the sentence of death on me; thedergy znan;by my side on the scaffold, and my dying speech. These and other thoughts harrowed np my soul. I leaned over on the "bunk" and rested my head on the wooden pillow and was thinking about.visions. The dp^r pf my cell was-securely locked by the means of a strong chain; it was not closely shut, .being a ;few inches open, "and: the lights from outside shone int6 my cell and I was able to detect a pin lying on the floor, A ghost made its appearance. at?the opening. I could see it distinctly,-and-£ came to the conclusion that it must be the perturbed spirit of the man I killed. It now disappeared, and I thought I would be brave, but it was of no service to me, as I w^s aw£ully..limp all over andfeverish. In my inind l would t?xn over the many acts of bravery I had been connected with—such as mutinies, riots, vigilance committees, bush rangers, and a number of others that are unnecessary to mention here. Those thoughts would not banish from my miud the troublesome apparition. I again rested my head on the wooden pillow, but kept my eyes on the opening at the door. Surefenough, it appeared again; I could rsee it plainly .with:thebright buttons on its jacket as it made for me through the opening, but at that very - moment1 the telephone went "Rickety-tick-tick," and the ghost disapipeared. Constable' Sayers was now at my cell door unlocking and rattling the big chain, and said," Are you there, my *bouchal?' Inspector Sullivan wants you in the drawing-room; come out." Dear reader, believe me, he had not to repeat his request, as I was out in a "jiffy." I was then marched into the presence of the Great Inspector Sullivan, who undoubtedly improves on acquaintance, and this worthy officer of the State seemingly had no out ward and visible signs of sympathy for me. He said, "I- told you some time ago that your temper -would get the better of you, and you see my words have come true. This is a horrible case—one of the worst of its kind that has been here for many a day, and if the injured man dies it will be a close shave with you. Do you smoke C—— ?" "No, inspector, I was a smoker for many years, but I have given it up, as I find it is a great waste of capital and labor." At this part of the conversation a policeman's tread was heard approaching. " Who's there," said the inspector. "Constable James O'Sollivan, sir." " Where from ?" "The hospital." "Come in. How is the wounded mail?" " He has partly recovered consciousness, and his friends have removed him to his residence. The doctor dressed his wounds and bandaged his head and said it was a severe scalp wound, and he would have to see him in the morning before he could give a definite opinion of. the 'amount'of injury he sustained." The inspector said to this smart young constable, who is above the average for his position, " Go back and tell the injured man that if he is able, to be here at half-past nine to-morrow morning, also the surgeon at the hospital and all other witnesses in this case, as the prisoner must not be kept longer here than is necessary. But if he should j get a turn for the worse and he thinks he , is going to die, procure a magistrate and have his dying depositions taken." The constable made his exit with the usual " salams." The inspector and I were in the char are room. He said," I will not send you back to the cell you were in, as it is rather noisy to-uisht. Seemingly some of our old customers have favored me with another call, and if you follow me I will' introduce yon to the gentlemen's compart ment." A few steps brought us to a little square room. The inspector opened the door and entered, and then gave me to understand that this room was set apart for distinguished and gentlemanly persons only, I thanked him for bis kindness, and also for the good op;oion he held of me by classifying me with persons who, in my most extravagant fancies, I never thought I would be catalogued with; finishing up this " bust" with hoping that in the near future I would have an opportunity of dis playing my gratitude, in the direction of a man whose heart is situated in mountain of kindness surrounded by all the generous asnirationc of a nohJe soul and a, . "Tut. tut." said the inspector, "that will do, that will do. If you would go down J upon your 'benders' and say a few prayers, it would be more benefit to yott in your trouble than making speeches." He then bade tne wood-night, and went out. locking the door behind him—the noise from the bolt still lingers in my ears. I now turned up the gas jet and took a survey of my new prigpn chamber. The first thing that caught my eve were the strong iron bars a small window was protected with. The next thing I espied was a hole about six igohes sqowe in the fop of .the door ; there wft? ii slide attached from oUtside, and this hole-could be closed and opened at will— similar to thos<* seen In lodg^-room doo~s for the tyler to communicate with the ' inier temple of spirits. A strong deal table, a stool, an iron bedstead, and n hard mattrass were the goods that furnished this roam. "Lying on the bed was a pair of blue Mankets. At the sight of them I was pleased, because it awakened <y?hv. gone days, and I said to the blanket what Pat said to the potatoes, "Friends of my youth, let me clutch yeas; I have carried thy mates in all climes and in all shapes and forms of swags—the knapsack. ho>'=e collar, fore and after, and other varieties* that are indigenous to snowy and " Souple Jar>k" ormntries. I heard a noise at the door! It was a constable who was likening to my soliloquy, with his eye. and half of his face stuck in the square hole ?n the top of the cell door, wondering who the lunatic was who was raving in the swells* compart ment. Again the excruciating- telephone erives rickety, tick, tick r but it is smother"-! by tbe noise of a~t inebriate in aft*-- advent to the cell I had occupied in; the former part of the night. I now lowered the p-as and tried to sleep, but I could not, as the ghost took possession of my mind. I looked towards the small window and beheld an apparition; it looked like other ghosts, careworn and sorrowful, but this spectre had its head bandaged. In a low whisper it gave me tonnde"stand that I had com mitted a great crime, and that when arraing^d at the bar of iusti<\p> op the morrow to expect no mevcy fromairifchtfeous i and irovight Jnd'je, as I had committed a '< cruel and brutal act by taking awajv that which T could not replace. Another tele | phonic disturbance ftnd theghost disappears. After thn interview I was greatly dis I tressed. I lowered the eras to the slightest twinkle and tiled again to rest, but I could not, as the noise from the inebriates was loud and unearthly. Constables were con tinually arriving, and as they passed my cell they all had a look through the hole in the top of the door. Seemingly it was a part of their duty, and it was very favorable to me as the ghosts never troubled me when the " bobbies" were adjacent to my cell. Hamlet's father's ghost was a shy one, so were all those that I have had the agony of seeing. The post-office clock had just struck three, and every thing was quiet, and I dropped off to sleep. I dreamt that I was taken from the lock-up on a " have his body writ," to give evidence at the inquest of the very man I slaughtered. The surgeon gave his evidence in a very" distinct manner, saying he removed fhe scalp and examined the white portion of the brain, which was greatly ruptured by concussion, produced by force, such as= a blow, &c.; He also diagnosed the ■whole physical structure of the deceased; " The scalp wound," he said, " is situated on the left hemisphere downwards from the organ of benevolence^' and no doubt this "rupture caused "death, hastened by traces of alcohol that were found in the stomach of deceased." The foreman here inter rogated,and asked through the coron er," Was deceased suffering long from the disease known as alcoholic poisoning?" •; The doctor said'there was a number, of varieties, but the commonest one made its apipearance in an herditary form, and in some persons earlier than in others. The coroner now summed up, saying, " Gentlemen the jury, your have heard with pitience the several witnesses in the case. The surgeon gave his evidence in a very clear and distinct manner, showing cause and effect. The blow on the head, no doubt, caused death, and pointing to deceased said, there you have the result in a rigid form. I wish you to be careful and dis abuse your minds of the part of the sur geon's evidence pertaining to alcohol, as it is not evidence in ^his case, for-adcording to P. McM. Glynn, B.A., alcohol in Ireland and Scotland is called whiskey, and is .not unhealthy when'used moderately. Another witness of. importance is Mr. ffiairplay, and you will concur with me, I think, that he acted nobly on the night of the capture of the prisoner, and he deserves the thanks of the community for his manly and courage ous behavior on that "memorable night "when the cowardly prisoner was placed safely in the lock-up. He has ; set -an example to his. fellow-colonists that every one of them will appreciate. Now, gentle men, with these remarks I will leave the case to your judgments, believing you will discharge your duty with prudence and fairness to yourselves, the State, and the prisoner. If a doubt should exist in your minds on any part of the evidence let the prisoner have the benefit of it, as it is a very old precedent in our statute law." The telephone went its usual rickety-tick tick—I awoke. To be continued. 