THE OLD SCHOOL. 1 COKXUILL MACIAZIXE." My Lady is seventy years old. My Lady is little and stout, with very white hair, very blue eyes, and a soft color on her cheeks, like a girl's. She is the widow of a knighted alderman—lias heeu a widow, perhaps, twenty years—and is still faithful to the smallest and most unreasonable of the wishes he loft behind hiiu. My Lady is not at all up to date. She v.'ns a girl at the time when the young jierson worked samplers and copied out recipes. There is a picture of her taken at this interesting period, on a cabinet in the drawing- room, at eighteen years old, with a waist "scarcely so many inches round, sandal shoes, curls, and soft shoulders peeping above her frock. She has remained all her life quite simple, narrow, and old-fashioned. If she is proud of anything, it is of her knowledge of a culinary mystery called stock. She can, and does, repeat by heart twenty three different methods of dressiug calves' head. She trots—a stout trot now, but still an active one—in and out of licr kitchen. If her servants did not love her—which, by reason of her sweet goodness, they cannot help doing—they would hato her indeed. My Lady's blue eyes are quick to perceive a domestic neglect or oversight. She dusts her priceless china—stored away in the most barbarous of cabinets—with her own hands, which are very plump, little, and delicate. She likewise attends her self to the well-being of those waxen roses Rnd camollias which she model led in the early days of her mar riage, and which have been since religiously preserved under glass shades, and are a memory of that dead art called the Elegant Accomplishment. My Lady's household is hedged about with immemorial rules and customs. The drawing-room curtains, of a massive damask, aro nightly rolled up, and, as it were put to bed. Sunday would seem secular indeed unless there wore kidneys for breakfast and dinner at five. On Sunday evenings, too, My Lady in her old voice sings hymns to herself at -the graud piano. She has been known, in her simple faltering tones, to take the " Hallelujah Chorus " as'a solo. She plays instrumental music softly to her self in the firelight, being quite un daunted by the fact that she is too stout to cross one hand "over the other when the music so requires. My Lady has a great many visitors — modern, enlightened visitors, in tlio shapo of great nieces and nephews for tho most part—who find the house an exceeedingly trying one to stay in, and are yet perpetually staying in it. There is a brown sweetness about the sherry and a solomn heaviness about' the port which has noarly— but not quite—-turned them into teetotallers. One of them, who entirely pert nnd up to date, finds it necessary to bury her fashionable bead deep in the sofa cushion during family prayers. " Auntie, yon know," says Up to Date, " can't have tho ghost of a sense of humor. "Who ever heard of thanking Providence for balmy air with tho ther mometer at zero, and praying for the children of the household when there aren't any?'' It is very likely truethatMy Lady's senso of the ridiculous is not vcry kcen. She roads a portion of Scripture nightly — preferably some portion particularly unsuited for the edification of a family—with her sweet face very grave, tender, nnd good. Perhaps she thinks—who knows ? so many of My Lady's ideas are effete und exploded— that because tho Bible is the Bible, there can he no part of it not fit, suitable and ennobling ; or perhaps her gentle soul is so near lieavon, that it can be lifted there even by an historical narrative or nil illogical petition. 