THE CATHEDRAL CHURCH. THE CHILDREN’S SPECIAL SERVICE. At the special children’s service on Tues day evening the bishop took for a text Col. i 23-“ Continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the J,cpe of the gospel.” He said—Such a gather ing bs this reminds me of an orchard in the epri"gi w ' t * l hundred!) and 'hundreds, of blossom 8 on the plum trees, and pear trees, Mid cherry trees, and apple trees. What ff ill become of all those blossoms? If every blossom turns to fruit what a crop there will be. But we know that will not be so. jhero will he a difference. . Each blossom looks like its fellowß now, but some will turn to fruit and some will not. Boys and girls, you are like the blossoms on the fruit trees. Blossoms can’t remain blossoms, and boys and girlß cau’t remain boys and girls. You often think nbont it yourselves —and your ministers and teachers often think about it when they look at you ‘ —what will you turn out when you grow op into men and women? Will all the blossoms turn to fruit? Will all these boys and girls whom we love so much and who promise so well for the future, will they torn out what we desire to see them? Will they “ continue in the faith,” or will they “be moved away from the hope of the gospel ? ” No question is so important as that. Let me speak to you then for a few minutes about continuing in the faith, and . about being moved away from the hope of the gospel. The faith means, your holy religion; the Christian faith, what you have been taught to believe about God your Father and Jesus Christ your Saviour, and the Holy Ghost the Comforter, about forgiveness and prayer and holiness and resurrection, and judgment, Mid Eternal Life. G, boys and girls, con tinue in this. Don’t suppose it is teaching that you need in Sunday school only, and m»y lay aside when you grow older, and believe or not, as you please. Many people in these days will tell you that, and will try, when you grow up, to draw you away from these things. It is a fearful thing to depart from the Faith—to be moved awny from the hope of the gospel. Never listen to anyone who speaks against your religion. Don’t rend bnoks or go to hear speakers that would “ move you away” from a Chris tian’s hope. Many are led astray in this way, and it ir easy to lose your faith and your hope in Christ, but very hard to get it lack again afterwards. “ Continue 1” “ Be not moved awey There is your true motto! St. Paul furnishes it. He had eeen many instances of promising young believers who had left their first faith, or as he presses it on these Cnloesians, “Continue t" “ Bs Dot moved away !” he says, and I have seen in my long life many instances of it, and s»y to you young folks of Ballarat in all solemn earnestness in these dangerous days, “ Continue 1 ” “ Be not moved sway 1 ” “ Continue tn‘ the faith grounded and settled,” the text says. “ Grounded and settled in the faith ; ” i.e., not merely know the faith and profess the faith, but be "grounded in it,” “ settled in it.” This i« suggested by the way an important building is put up. It is not merely built on the ground, but iuto ttie ground. Our new cathedral iB an instance. There is very little of it to be seen yet, though £7OOO has been spent on it. How is that? The money lisb been spent in putting the foundation well into the ground. If we don’t “ground” | • building well it is eure to crack and come down before long ; and when a building has been grounded well it wants to get “settled,” as it is called ; it needs to sit or equat down firm and square into its place, aud that ii called the “settlement” of the building. A thing that is “ settled ” is a thing that means to stay. In the bubh there are some landholders they call “ cocka de;” they just plough the ground, and get all the harvests they ciu out of it, and then sell it, and go away somewhere else with the mousy, like a cockatoo, who lights on the ground, and scratches up something to eat, and then flies off elsewhere. The settler is the man who makes the place his home, and build" a good house, and takes pains to make all tidy and nice round him, because hei means to stay. There is one kind of buildiog that speci ally needs to be grounded and settled—for it would be a dreadful thing if they did not continue—l mean, lighthouses. If you ever sail to England, the first object you will see M you near it will be a tall lighthouse on the "Eddystone Rock,” a dangerous reef or rocky islet, some miles off Ply mouth Harbor. There is an awfni history about the Eddystone lighthouse— sot the one that stands there now, but one of its predecersors. It was a fine lighthouse, perched on the rock, with comfortable living rooms in it, and grand lantern and arrange ments for launching boats and signal arms sod so forth; and the man who built it, Wimtanlsy, had such confidence iu it that he offered to spend a stormy night in it him felf, and he did; and when the morning dawned after the storm not a vestige of the lighthouse remained. It had been swept oway and its builder with it, by night, with •he awful waves. How was that? Well, it Whs not "grounded and settled.” The rocky hase was firm enough, but either it had oot been built sufficiently deep into the took, nr it had not adjusted itself properly [oto its foundation before the slorm assailed ••■ It was not “grounded and settled,” and it did not “continue." Exactly on the opposite side of the world f’em the Eddystone, off the east of New esaland, there stands another lighthouse on 6 rocky islet, not far from the mouth of Auckland harbor. It is called the Mots Hinon light. It ia “ grounded and settled," ‘"d there it stands, and will oontinue to 'tanii for long, long yearß to come. The winds and waves batter it in vain— “ Steadfast, serene, immovable—the same . ? eB r after year, through all the silent night, •turns on for evermore, that quenchless dime ehinea on that inextinguishable light.” That is what we want you to be like— “oys and girls—not like Winstanley’s Jight hnuie, just perched on the outside of the !"•&, with no real grip of it—but, like the ™°ts Hinon, firmly planted in the faith of Christ, “grounded and settled,” never likely to be moved away, holding up a “right, clear light amid this world’B datkoess for the guidance of others. “Be not moved away,” St. Paul say, “from •he hope of the gospel." “ Moved away.” “St mo tell you about two steamers, as I "‘ve told you about two lighthouses. Not many miles from the Mots Hinon ligh'honse, •htes weeks ugo, a grand New Zealand ‘•satner was forging its way by night 'awards Auckland. A good ship, well manned, well engined, well “ found,” on ,s rushed, flinging aside the foaming, surges '"right and left from ita bows. Anything yriss with that fine steamer? Yes! “hat was it? It had been “ moved away ” ,tB m its true course! Somehow it was going ‘"Uth-eaet when it should be going south- And so, iu the dark, during mid "’ght, and amid the dense sea fog,- ‘uddenly came a crash, and that ship went to. pieces against a craggy island, the winds were laden with cries of ""•tor and despair, and the waves moaned o(, t the dirge of the uncoffined dead. It is a ® awful thing for a ship to be carried away of her true course, when nights are “k and winds are high, and rockß and Cra ggy islands lie on every band. O, on our ’°ysge Heavenward, God deliver us from e L n g “moved away !” * c&U; to mind another steamer that was Oo ' “ moved away.” A few years ago there an awful hurricane at Samoa, in the "Uth Pacific, Several men-of-war were "sohored off Apia at the time. H. M.S. slliops was one. What happened when the .“‘ricane burst upon them ? I will tell you, but one of them were “ moved away”— from their moorings—parted their abl"u —went aebnre iu the storm, and came destruction. And the Calliope? She 6ver lost a man—a spar—a rope ! How 88 that. She was not moved away. She. in ° her anoh «r» all the time ! O, that we he storms of life may, like the Calliope, part onr cible, but hold to our anchor p O’’ B movnd awny from the hope of the "spei i > y nu know that a Christian’s "P 8 is called in the Bible the “ anchor of 0 It is just like an anohor—passing l 0 °' “’ght, and laying hold in Becret on ethtng that never can give way. Like a ship’s, anchor, unseen beneath the water, grtDping hold of the great globe itself ! But : I should like to tell you how the Calliope succeeded in holding to her anchnr, for there iB a lesson in it.‘ A ship that •merely “ rode” at anchor, as it iB called— just idly trusted to the cable and did no thing— onuld never,have been saved that day. The Calliope exerted herself. The word was given, “ Full steam ahead !’ and she steamed to her anchors, wrestling actively with the storm, like a'live thing. She trusted to the anchor, yet she exerted herself all the time ns - well—it was faith and works, you Bee. She wasn't passive, . but active. A dead fish will never stem a stream. Dead things get moved away; living, action things miive obstacles away. Some cottagers were astonished to find the great stone slab under their cottage door pushed up so that the door would not shut or open. What coaid it be ? They prized up the stones to see, and found a toadstool, -a fungus—a soft, wet, spongy thing, but it had life iu it, and being a living thing it moveß obstacles—dirt—in stead of being moved aside by them. A live religion moves difficulties away; t. dead, passive religion that merely lies at anchor, won't stand out the Btorm, but will get moved away by it. O, may your religion be a live thing forciog i's way through difficul ties, not idly riding at the anchor of religious hope, but steaming to it. An aotion religion—ministered by prayer and worship and study of the Bible, and converse with follow Christians, and the like. Why, a religion' like tliaif turns temptation into means of progress and difficulties into help. The Chinese have a proverb, “ Fung haining-hwa chi,” you meet calamity, and it turns nut happiness. Instead of moving you away, it moves you on. Moved away I The hope of the Gospel can never be moved away—but we may be moved away from it. The Gospel will stand for ever, whatever unbelievers may predict, however this world may deride or reject it. It will never leave us, but we may leave it. It. is otherwise with this world’s hopes. They are moved away themselves. Men fix their hopes on making money, and lo ! they make a fortune, but then a crash comes, and it is all moved away; or they build their confidence in home happiness, and 10, their wife, or husband, or children are taken from them, and their domestic joy iB “moved away”—or they rely on good society, or good health, or the like—and, lo! their friends are “ moved away ” —or their health ia *f moved away ” —or at last life itself “moves away- And what then? “ Move away.” Sometimes I visit a church in the diocese and ask how they are getting on. “ Very badly,” they say. “We had a number of good church folk here,- but they have ‘ moved away.’ ” —Or, “ We had a minister we liked so much, bnt he has “ moved away.” I hoard of a Ballarat digger who had ruu away to Australia from Ihb parents as a youth, and went home to the North of England after many years of absence, thinking he would like to Bee his family and friends, and old home. He got to the place; it was a little port by a rivet, just where it entered the sea, and a fine mnuntaiu rose above it. But lie could not find his way about it, it was so changed. He went to the church, but it had been “ moved away,” and another new church had been built on a different site. He tried to find his old school—but it had been “ moved away.” The house he was born in—his father nnd mothers house existed no longer, it had been “ moved away ” to make room for a railway station. At last he met an elderly man in the street, who recognised him. “What, John,” he cried, “is that you? The lad who moved away to Australia years ago, and baß never been heard of Binoe?” “Yeß,” said John, —“and you’re William, I remember; tell me about our old Fchooifellows—Smith and Brown and Jones and Robinson.” Ah, they were all “ moved away ” —some to. other places, some to the churchyard. “Aiao*’- cried the Ballarat mao, “the whole place is moved away, I think, there's nothing remaining!” But then there smote on his ear the murmur of the sea, and looking seaward, lie saw the white waves, looking over each other’s heads as they played at leap-frog, towards the shore, just as they did wheu he was a boy, and the river was ever running, running, run ning down to the sea, as it need to do of old, and the great mountain towered up still, just as it always did, into the sky, with light clnndß fiiating about its peak, like smoke from some great altar Bet up to the praise of its Eternal Maker. “Ah ! yes,” he said to himself, “ these are still the same as ever; amid all the chauges there is some thing that remains.” Yes, my dear bnye and girls, in tbiß world, when everything Beems to be chang ing and passing awny, aud blossoms change into fruit, and boys and girls into men aud women, and Archdeaoon Juliuß is moved away and Archdeacon Green comes, and Archdeacon Green is moved away aod Dsao Stretch comes —there is one thing that will Btaud for ever, and that ir, not the moun tains, for they will depart; nor the hills, for they will remove; nor the sea, for it shall be no more; but the Hope of the Gospel." You may ha moved away from it, but it can never be moved away. No, as the poet sings of gospel hope— When wrapt in Came the realms together flow, And Heaven's last thunder shake the world below. Then, undismayed, ehtll o'er the ruins smile. And light its torch at Nature's funeral pile. 