AMUSEMENTS. The Australian drama • " The Squatters Pardon" was again presented at the Bijou Theatre on Friday night, when there was another large and appreciative attendance. The play went merrily from start to finish, and Mr. Walter Bentley and the various members of the Garrick Dramatic Glub were frequently greeted with discriminating ap plause. Mr. J. H. Lyons, as Tom Teviot, fully maintained his reputation as one of the leading amateur actors in the city, and Miss Mary Bancroft, Miss Marion Woodcock, and Miss Beatrice Moffatt all created a most favorable impression. " Is Marriage a Failure ?" the comedy with which the evening's entertainment is pleasantly con cluded, is nightly given by Mr. Walter Bentley and Miss Mary Bancroft in such a maimer as to command the enthusiastic applause of the audience. "The Squatter's Pardon" will be presented for the last time this evening, when there should be a bumper house. There is some probability of the Australian comic opera "Immomeena" being performed for a short season at the end of April. Mr. Wybert Reeve has submitted a proposal to the oommittee of the Operatic Club which will most likely be--'accepted, and the opera, the libretto of which has been revised, will, if the offer is accepted, be rehearsed immediately. On Monday evening a meeting of members will be held at the Albert Hall, when a re hearsal will take place at the termination of the business. The plan of the hall for Miss Ada Crossley's complimentary concert in the Town Hall on ; Thursday evening, March 8, will open at the music warehouse of Messrs. P. A. Howells and Co. this morning. The programme will be of a most attractive oharacter, the leading members of the musical profession having volunteered their services. The attendances at the Oyclorama of the Battle of Waterloo were again large on Friday, and the appreciation shown by the visitors was very marked. Napoleon's ghost is making his last visitations to the scene of his defeat, and the enchanted fountain still sings merrily on the historical battle-field. The City Volunteer Band gave a concert at the Rotunda on Friday evening, when there was a good attendance. The programme carried out under Bandmaster Hodder con sisted of the march "Preciosa," a selection from "I' Lombardi," the waltz "Immor-> tellen," a selection from "Ernani," the waltz "Elfin Reigen," and the comic selection "Pan tomania." On Monday next a recital and concert will, be given in the Town Hall by Mr. Walter Bentley and Miss Isabel Webster, assisted by Miss Mary Bancroft and Messrs. R. Nitschke and A. Duncan. Miss Webster is too well known as a talented and charming vocalist to need any introduction to Adelaide audiences, and as an attractive and interesting programme has been arranged for the opening night a well filled house may be safely predicted. An enjoyable evening was spent by members and friends of the South Australian Commer cial Travellers and Warehousemen's Associa tion at the elu brooms on Friday evening, when the president (Mr. J. W. Annells) occupied the chair and the Rev. G. E. Rowe gave an interesting conversational address upon "Fire side stories." _ A number of Cornish anecdotes were related in the vernacular with a raciness and dramatio ' power which made every point tell, and laughter and applause were frequent throughout the evening. Humorous and pathetic narratives were con tributed, and the cordial vote of thanks accorded Mr. Rowe at the conclusion of his remarks showed the pleasure felt by his listeners. Vocal and instrumental selections were contributed by Miss Hodge, Miss Sam son, and Miss Skuce, and by Mr. Nancarrow, whose efforts were much appreciated. '■ 