SUNDAY READING, (Smuwmd »* Hjjv. G. E. How».) .. , , BDCEa AND SEVENS. AIT ADDRESS TO WOKKING MEN. [Bx ran Kwv. S. CrtADwioK,] L©4 Mm that hath understanding count tbOiHUtiiborof the boaat i for it in tho nuinbo* of ft can; and hii number . is six hundred throoacoro and bIx.-~ R»V. xiii. 13, Thprd axd more bloaohod bonoa of dead theorlon around thin verso than thore tan about any other varuo in tho Bible, Hundrodu of books ha v« boon written to explain the bo-\\-»t and its numbor, and to identify tho wan whotto munbor ia 0 0 6. There in no laok of variety ) for ?very now interpreter suggests a differ ent solution, and flattorfl bimnolf that he ha» found tho koy to tho riddle. Every possible mnnipnlation of tho flgwoa has boon tried, but with bo littlo ?uouosfi that ovon an expert Hko Doan Alford in nnablo to nay which ia ritfht, md is obliged to leave tho wholo quou iion in doubt. Tho oxpoaitorn may, however, bo roughly divided into two aohoolai, (1) tho historic and prophetic; (2) tho myu iio and symbolic. Th« oxpositiono of tho former fioek to lo'oftto tho events, nnd flx thoir horooii in history. They havo suffered much at tho hando of time. Nothing ifl no hoa'rtlOBS nu timo. Fix a dtito, howovor distant, and, whothor you aro going to bo married or hanged, it cornea steadily and relentlessly on. It may loavo you crushed or orownod, but thoro will bo ttdthof throb nor quivor betrayed, Tho unfeeling avenger has made tflrriblo havoo among tho prophots. of thin strango boolc. It muat be tory provoking Aftor ondles* cal culation tho horo of flomO prophoaiod evont ia proclaimed i by houio unforo wen uiL«ohanco bo dies without progouy. Or tho ond of tho world in aettjod to within throo-qnartora of an hour t tho hour arrives, and, lo 1 all things rom iiu M bof oro. To tho nwatioa tho Apoealypao la an ullogory, a book of nigna. And in all lymbollo teaching it has to bo remorn bored that tho literal meaning ifl not truo. You toll your child A utandfl for applo | yot, aa a matter of fact, thoro it* nothlngin common betwoon an applo and tho lottor A. Hut tho ohild knows an applo long boforo Ita alphabet, and no tho applo etanda for a »ign botwoon toaohor and ohild. So in thio book. Gold ia not gold, orowna aro not crowns, hturpa ajri not harps : thoao aro only ?igwi by whkih spiritual things aro luado known. following tho oluo givon in tho ?tatemont that tho number of tho boost U tho number of a man, much labour has boon spent in trying to find tho man. Noro, Vespasian, Mohammed, and Napoleon have come in for a largo ?haro or attontion. I have known »omo dorout faiiutioa who Boriously bolioved tho problem found its solution in Britain'n lato primo niinintor—Mr. Gladatono. And only a few days ago thoro waa diacovorcd a pamphlet written ,ln tho laat century, in which ?onio Calviniat noriouflly argues that tho nuin was John Wesley. It ia a far cry from Noro to Woa!«y j and perhaps, iia a matter of exposition, ono is as hear right a« tho oti^er. Moat pooplo, howovor, havo given Tip tho hopo of finding tho wondorful boMt in au maiviauai, and a piaco oi rofugfl'la'songht in eyflfconi*. Kvon Godot' bolievea it refora' to tho Jewish ireligion, and a host of uoholara find1 it in. ', t*ho Churoh of Rome. I havo . no hqpo 'of Bottling aquootion on which ©xporta bo widely difTor, and happily to do *o dbea riot come within our acopo. Vfo will loavo tho divines to Bottlo thoit difference, Mid stick to our eoiitao, trying to find out spiritual and practical teaching of tho book.* I, Tuaiue^BTWHodxmiMBiiniaQ 0 0. Tho boaat ia not one, but throe. It (s ovident tho laat voruo «uniu up tho two chapters, and give* its total luum bor lika tho answer in an addition num. 1\. Win fir$t btaat ia tho ' great red dragon ' of chapter xii. Ho has 14 eoven heada and ten horns, ami uovou orowna upon hi* hoad.' Ho appoaro in hoaven m open revolt against all authority, and with apocial enmity agttiuflt tho Mon-Cliild. War ia pro claimed in hoaven, Tho dragon hod a largo following, ovon to ' third part of tho stews of hoavou.' But Miohu«l find Wo angels mot tho robolu in pitch «d battle, defeated tho dovil, and threw him' over tho battlements. Heaven xojoicoa, but earth booomeS' tho iceno of slaughter and woo. Defeated in hoftvon, he will triumph on earth j and ho protiooda to pcrdoeato tho woman and hor nood, by which is rcproaontod tho Churoh. of Joaus Chriat. Hut He who had borne Israel ,on eagloa wings had prepared for tho woman a plaoo lafoty, and gavo hor winga that oho might reach it. Tho dragon follow* aa far aa his limited power will let him, and thon '* caot* out of hia mouth' floods of wator. But help comos i'rom nnoxpootod quartora, It is alwaya ho. Tho friend you thought mire to help fou is always from home when you Kant him. Ho waa at homo yestoraay, und ho will bo homo to- morrow, but to-dny ho cannot bo found. Yet holp always1 cornea. So a lad kills tho ginnt, ravonn and a hungry widow keopo the prophof, and horo ' tho oarth helpod iho woman.' Proving onco more that uaturo is on tho side of righteousuona, and ' tho Btars in thoir courts' still fight on tho eido of truth, Who ia this daring, determined fiend who diuturba heaven's peace, and is thirsty for tho blood of tho saints P In ver»o 0 wo aro told ho ia ' that old ser pent, called tho Dovil, and Satan,' That point ifl oloar enough at any rnto j wo havo hoard of him boforo. 2\. T/ie sccondheast riaou up out of tho Ma, and in Daniel's four beasts (Dan, ▼ii, 1 — 8) rolled into one. It ifl part loopard, part boar, part lion, and has tho ton horns of Daniel's ' dreadful and terrible ' boast, Tho most remarkable loaturo in this monBtor of tho sea is that ono of hia hoada had recoived a fatal aword-Btroko, ?? and his deadly wound was hoaled,' Pnto thia beast tho 'great rod dragon,' the dovil, 'gavo his powoY, bis throno, and groat authority.' A throno moans kingship and a kingdom. He takos up the rebellion ngainajt God, hoaTOW, and tho Baints, and oxtondfl hi» . authority over all kindred* and tongues *nd nationa. 'Tho princo of this world.' A titlo thrico given by Joans Christ to Ilia advoraary. 8.. TIm third bcait rises up out of tho garth, and in many rospoots differs from Jta 'fellow boasts. Instead of being a combination of terrors, it is mook and gontlo in its appearance. It has tho form of a lamb. And nobody would *tor havo known it was not a lamb, if only it had kept its mouth shut. ' Thy ipooch bowrayeth thoo.' It is no uho to look like a lamb if yon talk like a dragon. ltd mild and innooont looks mo boliod.by it« words, whioh carry its roal character; thoy nro floreo, troaohor- *Thi» addrAMwaa ono of a ?orio* on the |M6k of tli« ttwol*tiou« oua, and cruel. This lamb-like dragon had no throno, noithoi dooh it n»lo ovor conquered peoples. It io tho aorvant of tho boaat-royal. It ia moalouu for bin honour, wields his authority, worlds miraolos for his glory, makea mon wot Hhip his imago, a»d r«jjoico« to louo itsolf in .tho splendour and glory of its lord. Its w«iapoii«, ifl my no npoak, are not oarnal. This mimelo-working boost works in tho sphoro of intellect, will, heart, nnd oonfU'ionoo, and nhowH'«uoh groat flign» and wondors'^that thoy almost ' deceive tho voiy o'liot.' Hero then we aeo ' tho groat rod dragon,' and two boanta, varying, in form and bphoro of operation, but one is naturo nnd purpose. And their ro'atlojiiihip to oach othor is aucn as to, auggtjflt at onco the ovtuigolist'o concep tion of a trinity of cv.il in deadly .con flict with tho divine and holy Trinity of good. Tho first, a boiist with sovon orownod hond» claims o(|imlity with God, challongivi tho Moat High in opon robellion, and thoro is ' wav in honvon.' Wo have in fcjeripturoonly a few frng. mtmUry hinU of tliia awful acouoi but tluiy arc nulllciontto confirm what is litre »nid of tho devil's pvoud, .ai^l daring defiance of tho Mont High, . Aftor tho Man Ohild in tultou up into heaven and tho Church placed boyotid tho devil's roach, thin fallen monarch ond) almoat divine, taken no direct part in tho wav against tho nainta. Ho ro gulatoshin authority into tho boost In whotio form if« roj)r«iaonted tho aggro gato ioreoH arrayed against tho King dom of Ohrtet. Does not this oorreH pond to tho Vathor's committal of all power into tho hands of His not only bo gotten Son MiaH.not Ho also said, ' Sit Thou on My. throno' P and haunot Ho viliLeed tho lvovoi'umcnt uoou His ihouldorfl P and 1« their not promisod to Him tho rulo ovor all natlonrt and pooplo and tongues P that may not bo deadly wound of tho. beast. bo that in lliotod by the need of the woman, fore told at tho gates of raradlso P Its hav ing hoalcd cannot menu more than a temporary revival of power. The position and uphoro of tho third boast correspond in ovory foaturo to that of tho Holy Ghost. What the third boast in to tho uocond tho Holy Spirit into ,hmu Christ. Ho toils for tho spread of tho Saviour's kingdon., rovoala Him to tho world, and by mirnoloii and wonders m -vos men to worship tho exaltt ,d U r-\, by convincing tho reason, convicting tho consoionoo and persuading the will. And aa Father, Bon, and Holy Gliout aro ono God, bo in fionio way thoro exists in tho world a trinity of evil, and tho number of thia trinity of beasts is 6 G 0. II. What is vhm bionikioanoh oj.1 IUHNUMDUhO 0 OP Tho numbero are nignii, and must bo taken, not in thoir literal or numerical valuo,, but in thoir symbolic noiuio, Horo agiu-t it in important to romomber throe is not threo, four is not four, tilx in iwt nix, sovon is not uovon. Thijy stand for somothlng. altogether outside aiithmotio, For instance, three io a munbor of myutorioua sancity, and ro: fora to deities | four repreuents tho oavth in all its fom1 cornora i and sin in ovciy w/iet'o the unlucky number. Tho .Tow dreaded it, and to thia day thmo Hngor many superstitions. about tho sixth day (Friday), tho sixth hour, uto. Tho reason givon ia that it falls fatally bo le w seven, tho emblem of complotonous, perfection, totality. Six is noarotit to hovon, but nlways falls ono short of complotoneuB. If wo wvoto tho doctrine of tho Trinity in il/jures, it would bo 7 1 7. Tho Father, bon. i.nd Hol.v Ghost, aro oaoh represented by tho povfeot Jimun biii:. . Hut tho number of tho beast/, tho trinity of evil, is 6 (5 0 ) ''aoh boost having groat authority and groat power, but oaoh falling short of com plotonoas by ono 'count. His number is 0 0 C. And tub numiimk Off a'uft BMAfi'f I(J 'TIIM NWMBBR OJt1 X KAN.' Not tho numbor of uoiuo individual; but just as in Hovelatlon xxl., 17 ' the menouro of » man' »iwnifl ' humnn moitsuro a» distinct from angolio, ro t boliove horo tho man iitandu as repres entative of hia kind. ' And the highotit point to whioh humanity can reach is identical with that of tho boasts, nnd tho numbor of mania 0 0 0, What then do wo obtain P Simply this i ? , III. That tjcm nunncfw roosiinis1 roiN'i1 of A'ra'AiNM«N'f, xvmv vkom Go», is 0 (I (3. TliinadmitH that without God si* can bo reached. I do not nioun in tho general panthoistlo eonso, in which wo itdmit that all things are in Him. but in tho aoneo of vital fellowship by whioh wo understand personal religion. Wo can do a groat doal without God. No words aro moro frequently miuquolod than thoso of our Lord, ' Without Mo yo can do nothing.' Thoso wordti «vo abfiolutoly truo in thoir connection of Christian growth and fruit, But thoy aro not truo as wo apply thorn. In Church lifo wo c«n do a groat donl without God. Crowded ohurohos and ovorilowing coffers are no infallible sign of tho divino Prosonao. Filling churches in a matter of business, not of religion j and if the church is empty, it evidences liiok of capacity rathor than of piety. Givon cortain human con ditions, and any placo can bo filled, apart altogether from the prayermoot ing. A full chnpol does not nocootiavily spoil success. It may bo worth \ y littlo, and thoro may bo moro honour in ompty powo than orowdod bonohos. Mv only contention is that ' nixes' can fill chupohi j that it may be duo rathor to roligious .Harnumiam thah tho Holy Ghost. Crowds may not bo churches, Its numbor will only be tho sanio an tho dovil's 6 6 6. In individual reform much can be done without God. I havo known' men give up drink, gambling, lust, swearing, and almost every form of vice, and re form completely that they have been held up in ' reports' an miracles of ijraoo j nnd afterwards thoy have con ossod thoro wns no grace in it, thoy had novor prayed, nor sought holp from God, It wits only G. Tho dovil can ' go in strong' for vofc .m when it units him ; but hid work always) laoka ono think, nnd that is ' the ono thing needful.' Ho can fotoh you up to 0 ; it takes God to mako you 7. The number of science, Science has wrought wonders in tho last fifty years. If anyone had told our grandfathers of tho achieve ments of steam and electricity, they would have thought him mad. Fancy thoin being told that tho ticking of a watcli iii London can bo hoard at Paris i or that a man in NowcaHtlp-bn-' Tyno had a now eong and sat dowi) in hia Jiouso atNoweastlo and snug it ovov. to a friend who wuh in Leeds ! What would thoy havo said to tho phonograph I Yob thoso to-day aro tho commonplaces of lifo. Soioncolms dono wondorn i it hiia increased our knowledge and solved many problemn. I fool much moro in clinod to worship than oithor to fear or snoor whon I approach its shrlno. Hut wondorful aa scicnoo is, It a numbor iu only 0. Coming from Amonca in tho Awj\i»ta Victoria, a clover follow with whom I had sovoral talks camo up to mo on Sunday morning. Sooiug I wns road ing my Dible, no oxprosood nurpriao that I road ' that book.' 1 told him I was surprised to hoar him say so. ' Oh 1 ' he said, ' tho word haa grown out of that long eiuco,' -- Judged*' I voplicd; 'and into what has it grown P' Then ho oxtollqd tho work of the Hoionco. Ajid I .aiikod him tho liiinplo ' quotf- -. tion, ' Whoiu'O d;d you and I como P ' And ho took mo tl r ugh tho mysterios of ovo'lutlon, p^rfonniiig1 tw6i or thro'o intolloctuu,l Komorniiulta., in tho'convaii, and itt'alit put his'ilngor o,n thoilrMt foriM 0' o j?'»«io,..-ljt1o,;j*)iU fl«id- prqiidly,, '' That'll wcim ,wo . lio.gln )',' . ' Indeed,.' I said ; ' an'd w horo ' did .it ,.boglu P' Then ho said, ' Wo c(»\io now to what ir- 'various'y described us tho First Causo, Eternal Force,- and tho Unlmow ablo.',' It, won't do,' I mud j ' your explanation dona not oxjvain.' Hia fldenoo was only G. I turn to my Hi bio. imd L find tho misnlng link' In the beginning GOD 1' Life has no ox planati. n with Him loft out. Wo long us lib is absent, tho ' ono thing noud ful' is lacking. It is tho samo with philosophy. The most perfect systems witho\it God lfliiy.o tho dvopint and most vital question's of tho noart unansworod. What hai philosophy to answer to tho fivbt question ot oponing intolligonco, Whoneo am I P What oxplnnntiou can it givo to my heart-hunger, my conscious yearning for the In flhito P What light can it throw acroHti tho chasm of death P It iu mockery to talk learnedly of trifles, I and bo' dumb to my - honrts groatost need.' But it hnu no aiiHwrn1. It iu only 6 It nooda 'God to toll mo I camo, what I am, and whithorl go. Ho alone can supply what lion botwoon ' G' and The modern (jo.ij[)fll without God is only G, Roform in popular. Politicians of all gradon vie with oach othor in thoir zoa.1 or tho iipliftuig of fiocioty. Churoh lignitarioii'; 'sooialintH, and labour load* -rs. hobnob together, and forgot thoir liHtinctionii in tiioir o:»g^rno«a to bring n tho world's now ora., All this is very ivoll as1^ far aB it goouj but its, nuiu jor in only the numbor of tho bounty l'ho goHpol of to- duy, apart from Christ, h oxprossiod iu thvoo words: Koonohioh, untia'j'ion, icwtioMioN. I boliovo- in ill tliroo. I lmvo boon too long in tho lmoiUs oi' tho toilojM not to sympathifio iviUi thon'.Btrugglo for bottor condl tioiiH of work and li.'o. But whon you havo givon tho workman tho oight lioiirfj clay and tho living wage, who is ifoing to givo him a pair of logo that will carry him paut tho nrnt pub! ichouso P I am oortnln tho loisuro and tho wages without tho logs nro a doubtful boon, ft in , not how much a man f.o s that iiiukoa' him woll off, ho much at what ho duos with it. You must improve tho man, or tho inoioasod wago will do him no good., So all with sanitation.' ? By all means lot uu havo clean dwellings, pure air, und good drains. Thoy are essential for tho hoalth and good govern ment of tho community, and thoir ofl'oct id wholesome. But good sanitation does not mako saints, or tho Woot End would . havo a groator of thoni than it him. It in not tho stylo that nuilioa tho pig, but tho pig that nmkos tho ntyo i n'oithor is it tho Hlum that makes tho ulummor, so muoh as tho slummor. that makos tho shun. They would turn your mansions into hovelfl. An a reforming powor itan'itation is goo'd' n far hft it goes j but.it gets no i'arthor than tho skin and thrt ficwor., Itu nnni bor is only 0, Education touches tho man movo directly ; but oxporlonco has amply proved how innuflloiont it ia to offoct mich radical change in men aa will mako thorn ni stand goodi .;?.?-.,. ? Tho tact is, thin gonoration ban fallen in lovo with' tho flocinl condiiiona oi' vho kingdom of Cliriut. It ban booome tlio grout ideal— tho agoo Utopia. But it las not adopted (ihriiit'a mothod to bring it about. It.wnuts a shorter. cut, j Chriht'ii mothod ia i Malto nion ? good, ' and tho ' new oro.aluro' will prodiicb a nqw qocial order and a now world, Hut to mako niori good' in mich1 slow, hopylonfJ work | ? no, wo will try making tho world good, and then suroly men must bo good.' It did not \if.ork \utho gavdon of Kdon. Neither will it now. Wliatoybi1' improvomont thoro is must work from- within tho man outward to Ihh auvro'undingB. Thin in ? Christ's method; und tho kingdom can bu.roniih od by no. othor. Hin in tho only 7., A'j^d Mifl 7 liaoludofi tl\ci (i- just ona'ahilling includos the ponco. 'Hi« gospel will sot capital nnd. labour on a jimt and ? oqtti ablo basin. . His convorting grnco wilt ohango' 'the hovol into a homo, and swoop away tho doun of postilenco and death, .Hiri. spirit will ' quicken ? tlilo fnoultlcii, and mon ongor to grow both in kno.wledgo and grace. So, Johub Chrint in titill the only Saviour. ? Ho will reconstruct nocioty by , regenerat ing tho individual ) and tho host of Chrifltian workoro, doapiuod proaohorn of tho gospel, Sunday-school toaohors, and old'fashionod pooplo, who otill go to prayer-njeotingri, aro, aftor all, tho bout nocidl rbf or morn this world has, They havo the one comploto gospel j nil othoia arobut (J G 6. IV. WlIA'i1 1(1 VOUU NOMUlJftP ' Apply this to your own lifo, What ia your numbor P Is it G or 7 P You oan got a good, doal out of a lifo of nixo8, You may got a lot. of rofil ploamiro out of lifo without religion, I know it ia tho fashion, to nay you cannot, but, un loiifi you aVo a fool, you may, Givon plonty of monoy, ploanant surroundings, brilliant coinpaniona, nnd a good diges tion, a man ought to bo aslunioa of himself if ho cannot havo a good timo, But tho best of the world's pleasure ia only fl. 'i'ho provoking thing about it., ip always .nompthing short. It . novor quiUVnati'sfloa. Jonua Christ oaid of it, '' Whonoovor drlnlteth of thin wator uhall thirst again ' j and tho moro ho drinka tho; moro ho thirsts. lint ho gives thb wator of lifo that livosa' no tliirnt j and, after all, you novor' know what happiueas in till you drink of that stream, In cliavactor, too, you may bo good without Chrint. I admit it. But your goodness is only G, A fino specimen of tho ' 0 ' order orvmo to Jcbub ono day. Ho had kop.t.tlu) commandmonUi i howas greatly reapootod ; no excellent was ho, that whon Joans saw him ' no loved him,' But Ho oaid unto him, '? Ono thing thou laokOHt.' Only ono, but it wan tho ono thing noodful, 'W)i n\ I prouchod thin normon in my church' in liccds, li young fallow wau protfent who hud not been long attond mg a ,pj«c« . ox woi-Binp, During tho iipp.oal I rc-mombor looking at him and wondering liow much of my aonnon ho had got. It w«is ttiicramont night, and, an ho,\yiui not a mombor, I had no oppor tunity of furthor uvging doeision. On tlio 'J'lmifldny ho loll ill, Friday ho was woviio, Saturday tho doctor came, on 'Sunday morning ho \ rononnced liiiu dying, At noon I was tiont for, Im. modiatolymy foot touched tho stairs \iO' called for mo to pray. «» Pirv y,^^ hard,' ho naid j ' romembov i am dy ing.' I pvnyed. 'Pray ftgftiu,» .ho cried; ;' pray right hard.' X prayed again. Whon I got up from my knoo a he fliiid, 'Sing! Sing ' Josu.Lovorof my soul;' ' Wo tried to fling, and broke down choked with toavs. -? Don't cry ' ho said j ' sinjf I nin« I'. Aftor wo had ming, he nftkod for pniyor again, Then, taking my hand in Kin, and . looking & mo for tha first tliho, ho naid - «? j sj,ift^| novor hour you preach any moro— novor, novor anymore. I didVt think last Sunday it, would bo tho lnnt tlmo% but it was. I' ahull novor hoar you again.' Ho hy rtilont for a fmv mo. mgwtoJor Jn- wftS fabtfoUlng, Thoa looking up with a smile, he said, ' But it's 7 7 7.' 'NotG,' nobbed hiHhroke.i- hearted mother. U;N --,?'?'? ho replied ; ' I. aingtiog whoro thovo.avo.nQflixon ; it's 7 7 7.' Again ho haid, ' ^ing !' .ing tho Doxology.1' Ho gavo (ill tho words, and joined ImnHolf in .tlvohyiun of jn'nist . Then his strength inilod. Drawing my f.ioo to hio, he ? kijumd »)y'.'ch6t)k, and whihpored, ' [i'n 7 7 '{.' ,,In twenty minuUm. ho was d md. llut his noul had passed beyond aii that ia aniimil and senououH, beyond all that in of the oarth earthly, llo had pusnud within tho gato into tho city, and .his )au.t wotd was, ' It's 7 7 7.' 