CHAPTER LVí. "HE ClAZED UPON IIIS YdUKOEil BROTHERS DEATH AGONY AND FELT NO H.EJIOIÎSK." : WM loft Detective Blake bound und helpless in ,a burning hut, with the door,''moreover, closed upon him. ' Tho stench of the old pair of boots which ho risked so much to obtain the possession of, as they blistered, shrivelled, and slowly burned away in the open turf fire whoreon Tim O'Flaunigan had thrown them, was enough to poison him, hut it'was very clear that he would bo roasted long ere hé could bo poisoned unless someone quickly came to his assist- ance, and who could he expect to come to his aid in that sparsely inhabited district, for he could: not remember another hut as standing even within sight of this one iii which he was being cremated., whilst yet alive. ?, " ''-.' ''' " Blessed ure they who, expect little, however,;for they shnll receive much, mid Detective Blake realised tho truth of the proverb when the door of the cabin, framework and all, fell outwards lipon the. ground with a crash; and a wild looking figure,' bare-headed, long-haired, and elad in fluttering rags and tatters, rushed into the interior with a kind of limp in his run, and taking hold of its solitary inmate under either arm, began to lug him backwards across the earthen floor towards fresh air and safety. Didn't Blake pray fervently that the odd-looking being's strength might not give but ere he had accom- plished his purpose, and also that the thickly, falling, whilst fiercely blazing, furze might not set them both aflame during their necessarily slow progress. > ^ , . ! ' : gently: made ; a diversion in ner master's favouiy and her own as well, by suddenly rushing over the detec- tive's body, and in between his would be rescuer's legs, toppling the latter over the former on to the floor on her way out; for though it isn't every lady wiio objects to a change of name, the one in question seemed tb much Íirefer to be still called .pig to entit ing herself to that pf porh. The stranger fortunately picked himself up oft' the floor with the greatest alacrity, and set himself to his humane task again with re-dou- bled energy, so that Tim O'Flaiiui gan's late habitation being far from extensive, rescuer and rescued were soon on the outside of it, and even at a safe distance from the blazing furze and' heather which the wind was swirling all about. j Blake having got some fresh air into his parched throat, was Isoon able to thank the stranger for having saved his life, who rctortedwith :-j " What were you doing . in such a place, and what did those men serve you out so badly for?" , .!. To the detective's surprise the speech of the man of rags and tat- ters was musical and refined. It was evidently tho voice pf an educated man and of a gentleman who ques- tioned him. * ; On that account, as well as for some other reason that it would have puzzled Blake to explain, it won his confidence at once, wherofore he made candid answer:-- . - " I came here to obtain evidence that Sh* John Berkeley did not mur- der his brother. Aye, and I shall yet procure it, thanks to you." ' " Thanks to me! what clo you mean by that?" "Why, tho boots may burn, but tb o hob and clinker nails will be loft behind, and I'll be able to fish them ont of the cold ashes of yonder rag- ing fire in time to save tho poor baronet's life." " What good do you suppose that the nails can do him ?" asked the un- known coldly. . " Why tho boots which they were in were worn by tho wretch who,'on some specious pretext or other, lured young George Berkeley to his dopm. He left tho pattern that: they wore set in, and a somewhat fanciful one it was, deeply inprinted in the damp tenacious soil of the garden-beds and lawn of 6a ru ra gh, and 1 took care to dig up the earthern moulds. When I have fitted all those nails therein it will be a hanging matter for Tim O'Flannigan, and he will not have .improved his position by burning the boots and trying to burn me in their company, for the double act will show that he knew very welt how great a danger menaced bira both from the boots and from the man whose life you have preserved, or he would not have tried to destroy the one and then made so desperate an attempt to rid. himself of the other." " I apprehend though, that if taken, he will have little difficulty in prov- ing that he and the others murdered George Berkeley by his brother's orders- that, in fact, they were all three of thom paid agents and Sir John's unscrupulous catspaAv in tho infamous crime," said the stranger, with extreme bitterness in his tone. " You may rest assured that no one will believe tho tale; no one who has the least knowledge of the baronet, at all events." " I myself have had a pretty inti- mate knowledge of him-in the past -and I should believe the tale im- plicitly," answered the unknown. " In heaven's name, why ?" snapped out the detective. " Becauso tho employer was pre- sent when the crime was poi*netrated. He gazed upon his younger brothor's death-agony and felt no remorse. He even paid his hirelings in that doomed brother's presence - who saw him do it." "Who saw him do it ! How know you that?" exclaimed the startlod and astonished listener. "Becauso I was, and I suppose still am, that brother," was tue calm reply. \ ? ,' i " lou are he ? Then Tm almost sorry that I owe my life to such a scoundrel. , What, are you conceal- ing, your existence from.,tho world until your own and only brother has been hanged for snpposëdly putting an end to it by the awful crime of fratricide? I could not have sup- posed that there was so vile aud malignant a wretch in the world." "Stop a bit, my good fellow. Do not -judge me too" harshly and on wholly insufficient evidence. Had I intencled that Sir John Berkeley should really hang for my murder, is it at all likely that I should reveal my identity to anyone-least of all to a red-hot partisan like yourself before ho was actually hanged ? You must own that there wasii t the least occasion for my doing so. The fact of the matter is that the time has arrived in which 1 have all along intended to reveal myself. I owe to my elder brother all the bitterness and all the agony of death, though not death itself, and he in turn now owes mo all the bitterness 'rind agony pf death. Thus I have paid him back ¡ir kind, and the debt is cancelled. Had I not been already on my way back to Galway,to'show myself there ns a living man, you would ere this have been a dead one, for I should not have boen in the neighbourhood of yon hut. 'As'matters'Stand I have saved your lifo not once but twice this night, for those three men's first intention was to. pitch you head- long from h height into the Bog .of Ardmohr, and in the roló. of.my own ghost 1 headed them back and fright- ened them away therefrom." ' " Thon I owe you top deep' a debt of gratitude to have a right to find fault with you any more, but I'm just as convinced as eyer I was that your brother had nothing to do with your happily only attempted mudrer." ',' r;repeat to you that he was on the spot,'and at the very least super- intended it," " Might you not have been mis- taken 'i, The night, I've been given to understand, was very dark, save at . raro intervals, when the moon shone out from between rifts in the heavy clouds. " Yes, that was so, I'll own that it was too dark at tho time for ino to recognise my brother's face, but the height was his, and I could clearly make out that he had but one arm, which last fact was naturally quite enough to convince rue that it was lie." ?:? ..... ...: "Why one of those three scoundrels who tried to murder mo just now had only one arm. I noticed it particu- larly; and, hang it, now that 1 come to give the matter a thought, ho was just about Sir John's height and build as well." " Great God ! are jrou sure of what you say ?" " As sure as 1 am that, thanks to you, I have just escaped burning." ? Georgo Berkeley made no answer for a minute or more, and all that while, though, the night was warm; Blake could hoar his teeth chatter- ing in his head. Suddenly he exclaimed, iu harsh rasping tonos : " 1 was mistaken. Yes, at last I know-I feel-that I was mistaken, and the error has almost made me a second Cain, ayo, and not for the first time either, for once I was . on the point of shooting my brother, and most certainly should have done so, if-but there, there, is no time for idle .talk, for, we must be up and doing. I will cut your bonds, and- then we must away with all speed to Galway Town. Stay, though -how.'can we get there ? You aro in no, condition for. a long walk, I fear ?" , " What, not when there's three thousand pounds awaiting mo at tho end of it?" exclaimed tho detective gleefully. . " Three thousand pounds ? I fail to catch your meaning." "Why, your brother, Sir John, has. promised me' ono thousand pounds if I save him'from hang- ing, and another , couple of thousand tacked thereto if I discover, you alive and well, and it strikes me very forcibly that I've accomplished both matters.", . . ^ . " But the shoe nails which you have made so much of." ' . ' ."They can 'only help to punish O'Flannigan, f or Sir John's innocence will be perfectly apparent through , you alone. Besides, I'll bo back here by the time that that blazing hut is cool enough to enter, and I'm really anxious to get to Galway in order to despatch some policemen to hunt after and, if found, to arrest all three of the scoundrels. I could do nothing against them in my present hand- cuffed and battered condition, and they wouldn't be frightened of jTou either, as soon as they discovered that you were no ghost." "No, 1 daresay not, and besides actual danger may attend our staying here any longer, for the men may come back. There, your leg bonds are cut. Ah, you can got on to your feet-that is good-and now let us be jogging." Blake was nothing loth, wherefore they at once set their faces towards Galway. (To ic continued in Tuesday's inane.) 