AMUSEMENTS. BIJOU THEATRE. The Bijou Theatre was filled on Saturday evening by an enthusiastic audience which J welcomed baok Hudson's Surprise Party after a successful visit to Broken Hill and the north. The popular company will give_ a few farewell performances here before sailing for India on Ootober 10. The first part of the pro gramme passed off very successfully. Miss Lillie Linton being a graceful interlocutrix, sup ported by Mr. Hudson as "Tambo" and Mr. Kearnsas "Bones." Mr. Harry Shine gave an amusing burlesque song entitled " The man who broke his voice calling Carlo," and was twice recalled. Later, in the evening_ this clever comedian amuBed the. audience with v. very funny female impersonation, and in response to i unstinted applause he gave two other comic songs, winding up with a hilarious dance. Mr. Hudson contributed his full quota of eomedy to the evening, and was ex cellently received in his celebrated war lecture, la Archibald Forbes. Miss Lillian Stan bridge's rich and cultivated voice was heard to advantage in the pretty song "Told in the gloaming," specially composed for her by Miss MayHabgood. It is a graceful production, and was done justice to by the singer as well as by the composer, who played the accompaniment. Miss Stan bridge was rewarded by a beautiful bouquet. Miss Habgood rendered Mendelssohn's "Andante and Rondo Capricoioso" in away whioh proved onee again the power of execu tion possessed by this talented pianist. Mr. John Gourlay, who was billed for a dramatic sketch, -had to apologise" for his theatrical wardrobe having been left, behind in Mel bourne, ana gave instead the recitation of "The Tramp" and a oomio song, in .both of which he was excellently received. Mr. Wallace King sang "I'll tell her when we meet," and the other members of the company acquitted themselves well. The evening con cluded with- the laughable burlesque of the duel scene in the " Corsican Brothers." Mr. Harry Shine, whose versatility, makes him equally at home whether he is burlesquing a Cockney, a Scotchman, or ChUtean Renaud, made the French roue most amusing, and he was well supported by Mr. Hudson Fabian de Franohi, Mr. W. Reed Montagiron, Miss Linton as De Majmard, and Mr. MoKisson as the Ghost. This evening Miss Dora Busch will appear. ENTERTAINMENT FOR THE PEOPLE. The series of "Entertainments' for the People" was continued in the Aroher- street Wesleyan Lecture-hall on Saturday evening, when despite the inclement weather there was a large attendance, which testified elo quently to the popularity of these concerts. The Rev. T. Lloyd .presided, and a very in teresting programme, comprising vocal and instrumental music and recitations, was suc cessfully rendered. The Hon. D. M. Charles ton, M.LC., delivered a brief'address desorip tive of a trip from San Francisco to Hong kong in a mail steamer, and his remarks were attentively listened, to and frequently ap plauded. Those who contributed to the even ing's enjoyment were Messrs. H. G. Nash, P. H. Nioholls, A. L. Warren, J. J. Sharp, F. J. Pash, E. Cox, and W. Peagam; Miss Solomon, and the Misses Harman. On account of the unfavorable weather Alexander the Blondin did \ not appear on Saturday night. The'psrformance, including trapeze feats, the Highland fling, and riding a. bioycle with fireworks, will 'take place to-night next to the Central Market. 