DISTRICT JOTTINGS. — ? ? FROM OtfR OWN CORRESPONDENTS. CUMNOCK.. On the evening of the show a concert and ball, the proceeds of which were to be devoted to clearing off the debts incurred by the Club aud also to augmenting the Hall funds, were given at the Cuinnook Hall. «-wiug to the proximity of St. Leon's circus, the audience at the beginning of the entertainment was not as large as the performers could have, wished, but during the evening au influx of persons made nutters look more promising.* The perform ance, taken on the whole, was acknowledged to be the best that had been given in our - town,' and the promoters deserve great credit for the; way iu which the entertainment was conducted. During the first portion of the programme, no enoores were detnauded, though some - of the items were well worthy of repetition.. In the, second part, Messrs. Howard aud West, in a character duet, evoked a 'good deal of laughter, aud had to repeat 'The Bold Gensdarmes.', Miss Walsh scored a great success with her solo,' .' Aunie Liurie.' She sang the last verse for an encore. Miss Campbell, in 'Jessie's' Dream,' was also re-called. In mentioning the foregoing facts the writer does not wish it to be understood that he deems; the songs rendered by those perfoimera to have been the 'cream' of the entertainment, but while not wishing to detract from the excellent rendering of these pieces, in : his , estimation there were other vocalists equally worthy of a recall. ? , The concert concluded with a laughable farce, entitled ' Slim Jim,' the characters, seven in number, being sustained as follows : — ' Slim. Jim,' Mr. Howard ;-. ' Mr. Barnum,' Mr. Hamilton; 'Scout' (reporter for Molong Express) Mr. Stevens; ' Hamlet's Father's ' Ghost,' Mr. Stevens; 'Liady and Richard III,' Mr. West ; ' Blaok Charlie,'' Mr. A. J. Finch, junr. Time nor space will not permit of a detailed account of-tlie farce, suffce to say . that the title, ' a laughable farce,' was not a, misnomer, if one were to judge by th6 hearty, manner in which the audience laughed' froii^ start to, finish. The various performers deserve great praise for the. excellent manner in whia9i they severally impersonated their characters, r The ball, at the conclusion of the concert; was a 'howling' success in more ways thah: one. Tho hall was crowded, and, judging from.* several rumours that are afloat, the enjoyment of the dancers was uot unalloyed. Financially, the last portion of the day's dissipation proved! the most -remunerative. I hear that the Labor candidate (Alderman C. Lwier, of Molong) addressed a uu tuber of ' free and enlightened' electors on the night of the Show. The gentleman in question is to be complimeuted on the choice of the night. Owing to forced attendance at circus, dance, and concert, the writer had not time to revel in labor oratory, otherwise a report of the speech would have been appeuded to this budget. 30th May, 1894, 