ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. NOT A RAP, If any of (he hundreds of people assembled in (be Town Hall on Monday night hoped to see the epeotaole of a nioaly-dreHed good looking gentleman in the peteon of Mr. Kirkham Evans atandtng in the middle of the floor in a constrained attitude, holding one of the civio chairs above hie head at arm's length until those portions of his anatomy aohed, while the High Priestess of Theosophy rapped upon it from the elovation of the platform, they were disappointed (writes Hugh Kalyptus). There wae " nary a rap." Annie Besant was not going lo give herself away like that for an unbeliever like Kirkham Evans. He is a sceptic of the eoeptios, and I am afraid that if his soul gets out of the physioal form into the astral it will, if Mrs. Besanc's theory be true, workincaloulablemieohief. Imagines spiritua listic seanos with Mrs. Mellon—her lege grown again to fib the orthodox site of stocking— to the fore; and fancy the reokless spirit of Kirkham Evans going about seeking whom it might expose, and playing pranks with the bewildered medium, euoh as would make any sensitive medium's understandings shrink like Mrs. Mellon's to the size ef broomsticks. If, according to Mrs. Hasant, the released soul goes praotioally "on the wallaby" in the land of spirits for an indefinite period, trying to find a job in some suitable body, the disembodied spirit of semi-exterminator Evans will have a long and weary tramp. The body of Grainger would just about suit it, but Grainger's earthly tabernacle is already tenanted by a vigorous and turbulent soul. We ere not told that the souls in Mrs. Besant's undiscovered land can advertise— they might do it in defunct newspapers like Fatguin, the Star, the Lantern, or Quilp, but they would only ciroulate in the land of spooks and ghosts. We are told that if we abstract ourselves, we can oommunioate with the spirits, and by way of experiment I went through a course of old Soctoh whisky, with a view of invoking the spirit form of an old friend of mine, a former member of Parliament. "Are you there?" I called through the tuuibler, and dis tinctly I beard thiee raps on the oounter. Then ensued the following characteristic con versation, the raps being interpreted rapidly, so to speak. Rap, rap, rap, ha. :— " Oi am, and fwhst peculiar concatenation of heteroganius conglomerated oircumetanoes h&B; prooured for me a promiskewua inter view wid a parapatetie number of the Foorth Eshtate ?" rapped tbe Bpirit. j " Are you oomfortable there?" "Sure, Oi am ; th' oeaaation of former oir oumlooutory concussions of th' dilioote mole oules of me brain by raison av me not being in Parliamint now has caused an iudeaoribable aisineis to supervene." " And have you plenty of occupation now?" " Hare Oi pliuty of oooupation? Is ib try ing to raise a spontanyous unpremiditated caoobmnatory risibility again me ye are? Sure oi have been a 'ohela,' an' now oim a Mahatma be raisan av me inestimable servioea I to the worruld whin in Parliament." "Oh I you are Mahatma. Why, I thought you were the spirit of Coglin." I " So oi am, ye unintelligent peripatetio midnight consbumer of oleaginous matther, though Mahatma iB not anOirish name, though closely allied to Mahoney, sure its a degree, a position, a taoher, a masther, yeOmadhaun; its aisy to see that yez have not studied Theosophy." And the spirit gave me three tremendous raps on the top of the head with what ap peared to feel like an invisible "bit of a shtiok," and departed muttering words of several syllables. 