WISE AND OTHERWISE. It I, one of tho fortunate circumstances that the prosont l'remior has sufficient bockbono, as nothing puts the spinal rigidity, to n greater atrain than want of harmony In a Cabinet. A Treasurer may be forgivon for an occasional sulk when he wiio ought to have been Treasurer is paid too muoh deforenae to by one's chief. That is "ought to have been Treasurer", in Ids own t opinion and .aooording 'to tho viows of the select hluo blooded cotorio of tho Ministerial corner. Then Public "Works is understood to liavo broken out in a frosii place nnd Villago Settle- moots frowns moodily, with no one to sympa thise, while rautterings aro heard about Premiers who talked valiantly about resisting "the domination of tho press," yot darod not give tho aountry a £60,000 blessing in tho sbnpo of an Ettliam railway. And, most annoying foot of all, the peoplo stupidly persist in boing glad that thero is "a power outside of Parlia ment." There are not lacking symptoms of a recur rence of the Chincso invasion ; and the vigilance of tho Ouetoms dopartment is now woakiy put to the test in respect to Celestials who have either been frightened out of Hong Kong and Canton by the " black plague " or have caught the contagion of the Australian "yellow fever." It is a long way round to Oooieardie vtd Melbourne,- hut tonnage limitation is ensior to work than poll tax, and Victorian naturalisation papors evidently are muoh easier to procuro than those of any other colony. Hence constant oontliat between the acute Celes tial inleiloot and Custom House aagnoity, ham pered by " regulations " and the necessity for construing them in accordance with legal preoc- dent and ruling. This week two important points have been settled,' and each sido lias scored a victory. Naturalisation papers, it seems, may be either first or third, but must not be merely seoond hand. A Chinese immigrant, who had " boon there bofore," wna bailed up for timo on the ground that his " papors," though quite authon- tio, showed that they had been dspartmentally put through on some previous ocession when tho original owner could not have been in posses sion. Tho legal talent of the CuBtoms dopart. ment, after mature deliberation, was reluctantly obliged to confesa that an immigration fraud perpetrated by an unknown Celestial does not invalidate tho naturalised rights of a known Chinaman, and that in tho ' prosont defectivo state of the conspiracy law it is impossible to get at the latter legally unless tbore is someono available to braokat with him on a charge of conspiracy. First blood . to the Heathen Chinee i The second encounter has terminated in favor of the Customs on purely arithmetical grounds. The problem presented to Dr. Wollnston in volved tiia use of the rnlo of three and a nice fractional calculation. Tho quostion may ho thus roughly put : — If a vessel of 500 tone register is entitled to import ono Chinese, how muoh Chinamen may a vessel of 870 tons legally discharge in a Victorian port? The Fitzroy brought an adult Chinese and n youtii of 17, and on the aupposition that the latter had not lost any of his members, and that a Chinese has the samo right aa a Briton to be an adult at 21, it follows that there was 37-50ths of tonnage to sat oil against 17-21sts of a Chinaman. Now, ns any sixth standard boy will rapidly demonstrate; theso fractions reduced to a oommoa denomina tor show that there is 73-1050tlia more China man than tennage ; and consequently tho buy was contraband. There la only ono weak poiiit in tho aaloulatioh, and it might be as well to settle that forthwith, in order to prevont litiga tion in tho future, with possible appeals to tho Privy Council. What is the truo fractional standard of an adult? In the foregoing oaso ago has been assumed as the basis ; but as tho whole question is one of tounago, it might be fairly argued that the computation should bo oithcr by weight or measurement. If that contraband boy had beon tested oithcr:on tho scales or by displace ment, he might ofaily have equalled tii's'toririage qualification fraotion. These points might be considered in the next edition of tho Customs regulations. The Mildura licensing question is to be sub mitted to a plebiscite, and the sale of liquor in aoffee palaces to be doalt with by legislation ; but it is ovident that there is really no need to resort to suoh clumsy and roundabout expe dients for satisfying aleohollo thirst. Ail that is necessary at Mildura, at all events, is to form a brauoh of the A.N.A. on tho Collingwood plan, and mako provision for a series of smoke nights in oonacctiori therewith on tho samo liberal basis of "two barrels of beer and any quantity of bottled stuff" per sianee. Mr. Mauger and the Fitzroy branch might protest ; but then this ie a free aountry, and tho A.N.A. a froo institution. Tho only praotioal ohjeotion that we can soe to this way out of the Mildura diflioulty is that the Mildursns might think it "a long time kotween drunks." This objeotion could, how ever, be met by arranging for " smoko nights " on tho samo lines as the Connemara hedge aohoolmaster'i syllabus — "As the days aro now long, night school will be heid cvory day from 2 till 4 ; Sunday school twice a weok, on Tues days and Fridays." It soems in these latter days that thero are deoidodly Orangemen and Orangemon, nnd they wear tlioir badges of loyalty with a diiforenco. Mr. Skiols's dying Ornugeman, as nnecdotioally presented with oxquisito taste to a Melbourne audience a few days ago, differs in somo respoets from Mr. J. O. Neild, the Orange Grand Master, who at Sydney petrified into silenoo his Grand Lodge confrlres at a I2th July celebration by sympathetio referonco to tho illness of the Pope, lamenting tho antici pated demise of his Holiness, and uttering dovout aspirations tint iris sufferings might be few and his " going henco be hriglitenod by tho — (Orango colored)— light of grace." This was no doubt very nice of Mr. Neild, and the expression of Buah sentiments in an Orange Grand Lodgo does orcdit to his courage. But — alas ! that there should he any but — is not Sir. Neild a. politician as woll as ail Orangoman; aro not thq genornl elections, now . on in Now South Wales ; and is tho Catholic voto of any consequence in the constituency for which lie is a oandidato ? If it is, hint. tUtt Ittcryma: for tho Popo! Tho Rev. George Walters, the prominent and popular Unitarian minister, Las aome ovor from Sydnoy— apparently tho Australian depot for spooks— to address us upon tho subjact of psychical research. Tho minister joins forces with the critics of Professor Laurie, who was rather hard on spirits and dealers in spirits in his roeent lecturo, and is in consequence being abused in mystorious, psyohologieai terms by small suburban mediums and soulful investiga tors, and is also believed to be rogarded angrily by the spirits as a hyper-soeptioal inffucnoo and a destroyer of passivity and harmony. It is usolcss to wasto indignation and protestations on a man liko Professor Laurie, and wo will touch our harp gently and suggest a means of bringing him to reason : — Let tho cynical profossor who's a doubter, And who ridicules tho spirits and thq spooks, Tlio irrevorent and rcprobratcd spoutor. Feci tlio vongeance of the impish marniolukes. Lot tlio spirits stalk at midnight in his garden, Let them drag their clanking fetters thero and groan, Till lie's glad to bog each glaring hanshoe's pardon, Seek forgiveness for the disrospo'ct'lio's shown. Or old "Oeordie's" ghost, "fra Aberdeen," that glories In good " whusky " when a " drappio's " to bo got. Might, by postering him with Scottish comic -stories, Ilrivo him howling, or convert him on tlio spot "Littlo Josephine1' may haunt him till lib's loouoy, And refrlgorato the marrow in his bonus, Singing all night at his bodsidc " Annie Roouoy " Or " Ta-ra-ra-booiu," in horrifying tones. Why with lectures try from unbelief to draw liim, Yo who liavo tho tribo of spirits in control, When tlio lattor might so easily overawo him Into taking up the spiritualistic role? Try this plan, ami soon we'll hear adilferent story- Say a locluro on " Tho Spectres I liavo Seeu, " By that medium, the famud Professor Laurie, With a song and danco by " Little Josephine." Dr. J. W. Barrett, of South Melbourne, is ovidently a good old fashioned Conservative, one of "yaold timo," so well conserved that liis politieal opinions date to timea prior to the fall of tho Roman Umpire. In his leature on Govarnmont by Papular Clamor, delivered in tho South Moibourno town hall on Monday night, Dr. Barrett expressed a holy horrorof tlio principle of " ono man one vote," and reminded hie aitdianee of tho troubles that had coma upon Athens, Carthago and Romo in conse quence of tho full extension of the franchise, and, moro in sorrow thnn in anger, predicted Himilar evils for Victoria if wo do not presently depart from our politieal iniquities, nnd resort to a noble, patriotio and enlightened systom of government by hank batnncas and cornor blocks, Quoting lluxloy and Herbert Spencer, tho lecturer pndcavorcd to demonstrnto that a very high intolligonce in all olootors was essen tial to government by tho democracy, and that wo wero far bolow the necessary intellectual standard. Are wo then to assumo that greatness of intclleot is. not necessary in a plutooratic, aristocratic or whatever other form of government Dr. Barrett prescribes? Or, like tho moro modorn enemies of ono man ono vote, doss lie accopt tha possession of oity silos, aheep runs, hrowcry shares and llooks and herds as unimpeachable testimony that the owner la giftod witli tlio noceesary powor of mind, clearness of viiion, and amor patrico to make a propor elector? Tho peri patetic swagman, Booking work, may liavo rnoro brains nnd a higher senso of duty than tho lordly squatter who rcfusea him a billot. For a long time tho journal with the two voices and Gnd knows how many oyos has been tossing und laboring under tho Titanio effort of oonvinoing tho Vtotorlan people of tlio necessity of adopting on our Stato managed railways tho very lowest froight ratos ohargod on' diie or two American wild oat lines ; hut on Tuesday last anotiior tonguo chipped in, and ,wo aro obliged with some oxceilent proofs of the advisability of fighting shy of Amerioan railways and tlio ways of their managers. Take theso few remarks, for instance : — "In plaoos where a keon oompetitlon is waged freights and fares are out down to tho vory lowest, while the intormnliate districts which aro at tlio moroy of ono railway administration have to mako good tho loss. Differential rates prevail. Although tlio avorngo cliargo for transit is ohoap, there aro many busi nesses and firms nnd small towns which arc made to pay excessivo prices in order to cover concessions that aro spooially mndo to other people." " Many businesses and firms and small towns aro made to pay excossivo prices in order to oovor concussions," &o.; And yet only a few days book those "concessions" wero quoted as samples on which tho Victorian Railway Commissioners should baso thoir charges. To bo consistent, tho commissioners should ho advisod' to adopt tho principles of their exemplars, and instructed to charge squatters vory high prices for tho aarriago of thoir wool and atoros, in order that farmers' whoat may bo oonveyed to Melbourne for next to nothing a ton, nnd to adopt a very denr rnto to and from certain centres, so that free trains may ho run to other places wliero tho customers of tho Fllndors-lnno importers most abound ; but tlio Argus novor iB oouslstent, excepting in inconsistency. 