THE RED SPECTRE AND THE S5 , EMPEROR. :: i' Tell him that the Red' Man is wait in'g'foi-'ai audiene': I ; : ' "Him" was Napoleon the Great; the command was addressed to' Count, de Mold,-the Emperor's counsellor ; and the speaker was the Red Spectre, whose mission it was to watch over the desti nies of the Little Corporal. The Spectre, fantastically dressed in Red trousers, blouse, and cap, was told that his Majesty was busy and must. on no consideration be interrupted: The only answer that the apparition deigned to return to this message was that he must see Napoleon-must see him alone, and at once. Still the Einperor refused' point, blank to grant this importunate being an inter view. " But I mtust see him," he persisted. " Tell him the Red Man is waiting for an audience." Trembling and awestruck at the im perioits tone of the Phantom, Count de Mold again went on tiptoe to the royal room and delivered the mysterious mes sage. . : It is said. when Napoleon heard this message he became a spectacle pitiable to behold. The Man of Iron grew ghastly white, and his arms dropped at his side like lead; but though lie was completely un nerved, he managed to give orders for the admission of the unwelcome guest. Then there ensued one of the most ex taordiniii-ronv-rs0s tio-ns tht-ever were held. :Count de Mold, whose curiosity had been raised to the highest pitch, played the eavesdropper, and overheard the greater part, if not all of the remarkable dialogue. "General," said the Red Spectre, "This is the third time Ihave appeared before you as a man. The first time we met was in Egypt, at the Battle of the Pyra mids; the second, after the Battle ol Wagram. "When we met at Wagram, I granted you four more years in which to com plete the conquest of all Europe or to make a general peace, threatening that if you did not perform one of these two things within the allotted time' I would withdraw my protection from you. S" Now, I come for the third and last time to warn you that you have but three short months of power. ' In three months from this hour the Allies will be invad ing Paris if you do not take my advice and sue for peace.' A general peace must be perfected within ninety days, else your sway will be limited to a small bleak island of the sea. Remember, all will be over with you if you do not achieve a conquest or accede to peace within that time." Napoleon then endeavoured, -with a degree of superstition that is well nigh incredible in such a man-and 'yet not altogether strange either when one comes to think of it-to reason with the Phan tom and to extort easier terms. He pleaded that it was impossible for him to make an honourable peace in three short months. "Do as you please," returned the Red Man, " but I will not change my resolu tion. Now I go," he said, as he opened the door and strode down the hall, fol lowed by the Emperor and Mold, who pretended to have been standing on guard at the second door from the room in which the conversation had been held. His imperial Majesty begged of the Red 'Man to stay, but all to no purpose. "Three months-no longer," shouted the Spectre as he disappeared at the Just three montths to a day from the time of the Red Ghost's warning, the Al-' lies entered Paris (Marcih, 31, 1814), and: Napoleon abdicated four days after-' wards. He was allowed to retain the title of Emperor, but the sole sovereignty. he exercised was over the tiny island of Elba, which was the little bleak isle of the sea. that had been held up to his mind's eye by the Red Matn in the pros phetic talk of the preceding New Year's Day. 'It is but fair to add that the official documents upon which the account of the Red Spectre's ilsterview with Na poleon is based were signed: by the Count de Mold and the guard. The former, it will be remenmbered, overheard the 'conversation ; the latter attempted in vain to stop the Gliost'when he demanded admission. Moreover, it is said that the story had been one of the traditions of the French Court ever since the singular visit took place. Still, the whole tale wears a very suspicious look, and it is given here with all reserve. VWe 'tthink our old friend Mr. Burchell, of "The Vicar of Wakefield," would have uttered many a Fudge! could lie have' read the statement of the Count de Mold. it tis notorious that Napoleon 'was cre diilotis. He had a firm belief ini'is star of destiny; -and. General Rapp has re corded an instaiice of the " Corsican Up start'slbehaviour. while..under the influ ence of this cuiiois'spell. 7 '.. tRapp, whose brilliant defence of Dan-" zig was at- the tiime- the thenie'of univer 6sal ariiination, once& ssuddeiTly"'dalled" on Napoleonsand walked into the latter's' roomlswhollj utnainouit ed:.? ;' Thie Emperor sat by tlhe window pert' fectly still, 'gazing intently upon the heavens. Noticing his presence had not :been observed, Rapppushed a chair witl ~oise etibughl't'o" attract "Napoledi's rat tention..Yet the .latter imadle no sign, and seemied utifterly :'dlivious of every-2 thing . l'erceiving this, Rapp rushed to the side ofthe Etnpc'eror, fearlins that hIe hIad iliotit htaking Irsis v fitss fir?ftL the lid en's for an instantseized ia.ipp by tiiie rin md exdclainsed in a loud tone of voice :::" look there; up there." :l "I see isothing but the pale, twinkling Ssta rs,'.~;etirnied Rappiqsipel e.'t " WVnitt"exclaned tlie Emnperor, ex i citcdly';, is it' possibletllitt'you: do not 'see mtp ttar- the ficryj'ed one, :-lmost as 1? titeas tlhe nioont. It .is. before you noweand oht lhow rltan't.' , Tfheta' wsttsiing attilhe sight, lie fairly :sl?hiiked has lies criedi, o "u,: ?: ? t;:'lt hsid: never:'ibatidoned 'se for a •sitigle instant; I see it ot all great occa :sions; it commiands 'me to go fovward; it :'is my sign ofgood fortunei: and wherec it leads I will follows'." .IRappsaid that.he really screamed as hle tttered the Wsb'lrts "I will follow," and ihti`hi's fi?fe' was livid as he seated him slf in confusion ihud suppressed excite omenit. Several minutes elapsed befie the Etlsperor was calml enough to take part in ordinary conversation. C~t.se/1's']? .Ss/t!tilFfu ~v zvt 