12 Short Tales. No. IV. TILL DEATH US DO PART, ST R. ASHE KING!, Author of " Love tho Dobfc," " A Drawn Game," " The Wearing of the Green," ' &o.;, &o.; ir.r. QUEENSLAND BIOHTS EE8ERYED. " Tho insolent heast !" cried Philip Crowest, flinging upon the breakfast table a letter ho had opened eagerly and read at a einglo and a furious glance. His wife, whoso faco was like plaintive rousio exquisitely sweet ana sou, looked up with tho soarod expression of a child that shrinks from an upraised hand. A few short months of marriage to this man had aged lier by as many years, and seemed to lmvo blotted out from her f aoo and from her lif o for over tho light not of joy only, or only of poaco, but even 01 hoge. She read on the inside of the portal of marriage what is written on the outside of the gate of hell: " Laaointo ogni sporanza voi oh entente "—"AU hope abandon yo who enter here." Nor was unmitigated misery made less poignant by the reflection and the remorse that ft was wholly her own work.- She had rejeotcd for this selfish, sordid savage, '.a man whom she now knew to" ho as noblo' as lier husband was base ; and because this man— Hugh Arnold- over haunted her thoughts by day pnd her dreams by nijjht, sbo durocl not permit horsoli evon to see mm. When her abjoot husbandfor liis own purposes would hnvo forced bor into a renewal of her intimaoy with Hugh Arnold tfio recoiled and refused, and oiling to her decision with tho desperate grasp of the drowning. " If I beggod you not to see him, you d elope fast enough," her husband sneered, savagely, "that is if. he'd elope with you. Ton think ho wants to; do you? And you re suoh a Baint that you'll keop yourself and him out of the temptation. But I can toll yon, you need not be in the least alarmed, for ho knows what an escape ho has had. I only wish to God I had had it !" ,, I must here explain at once the brute's re quest to his wife to ronow lier intimaoy with TTnp.li Arnold, and his reason for his fury at tho obstinaoy of her refusal. Being an in veterate and unfortnnato garablor ho was Blowly getting, so to say, atrangled by ptauniary embarrassments for years past. Sinoe his marriago he had applied ior help to Hugh Arnold "who had more than onco, and more than liberally, rospondod to thoso appeals for Mrs. Growest's sake. As, howovor,. Crowest in each ease had lost the greater part 01 too "loan" in ' an' attempt to retnovo former gambling looaos oither ut the eardtablo, on tlio racecourse, or on the Stook Exohungo, Hugh was convinocd of the hopelessness of holpmg so infatuated a gambler. Honoo tho ourfc and outting letter of refusal which mado Crowost or claim this morning, " The insolont beust ! » After a moment's moody rofleotion hosprung up leaving his breakfast unfinished, and strode to and fro for some time in great agitation. Suddenly ho stopped behind his wifo's chair, put his himd rouglily on hor shoulder, and Look 'here. If I can't lay my hands on £1,500 before to-morrow, I shall bo in gaol to-morrow night. Do yon hear? In gaol- in gaol— in- gaol I" ho roitorated, shaking her by the shoulder at eaoh repetition of the word. She looked up at him in a . state of senu- Btunofaotion— liko that of a mouso hotwoen n cutis paws— which his fits of fury (ever smoe he had struck her in one of them) always brought . " And it's your doing, confound you. If vou'd kept; up your friendship with him, ho d bavo helped me now," he shouted, giving. hor a final and most violent Bhako, whon ho strode to the door, wrenohed it open, and. hanged it Howlong she eat thero-oold, white, and lifeless as. a marble statue— she could not toll before he returned with a le.tter he had just written in his hand. ' ; " Look here, Bertha, I'vo been a brute to you;, but you have 110 idea .how . I havo.boea worried almost to madness of late. Will you forgivo me as you'd forgive a dying man ; for you'll never so© me again .» Tou'ro— you won't— y . " No. no. I'm only going away for ever ; I , must go. Tou forgive mo? Say you forgive " Yes," sho said, speaking as she felt though sho were in a dream. j He stooped and kissed hor ohill lips, and then her the lottor ho had just wntton, saying in tho most matter of foot tone " Enclose this to Arnold, with a fow linos from yourself asking him to look after tho ' matters mentioned in it for your sake. Good bye!" and, stooping to kiss her, ho hurried headlong from tho room. Ho was gone beyond recall before sho camo fully to herself ; and then his disappearance filled hor with suoh fears that she was (dad of tho excuse ho had given her to write to Hugh. Sho said only in her note that her husband hail left hor that morning for ever on account of some impending troublo which ho had not eon- fidodSto her, but which, perhaps, tho enclosed letter from him would explain. Would Hugh with his usual kindness look after the business matters mentioned in it for lier ? Sho felt so wholly helpless and bowildercd that sho must have appealed to him oven if sho did not know 1 how.it was almost a kindness to him to ask him to do a kindness. Having written this letter, Bho posted it with her own hand, and then roturned with a sooth ing certaintythat all which could bo dono would be done bv Hugh. , , When Hugh next morning saw her bond on the envolopo of a bulky letter his heart stood ' still ; for sho was and would bo always tho ono ' woman in the world for him. it was some ' little-time boforo ho could open the onvolopo ' V with trembling fingers, only to find her no to a . mere invoico, so to say, onelosmg a letter from her scoundrel of a husband. Perhaps his intonso disappointment predisposed him to tako tho worst viow of Crowost s lottor, which announced thut gentleman b intontionto commit suioide in mid-ohannel off . tho Dover and Calais packet, and abjured Arnold for Bertha's sake to pay next morning to his em ployers tho £1,600 lio hud embozzlcd, and to keop both the ombezzlemont and the Buloide saoredly secret. "Swindling scoundrel!" exolalmed Hugh. "Ho has no -more intention of committing suioide than I have. It is a more and ' poor ruso to get £1,600 out of mo, and to keep nun- solf out of gaol." Thou ho eat down to his breakfast with his newspaper, after tho manner of baohelors, propped up against tho teapot. Almost tho vory first news which caught his eye was a tologram running thus : — " SAD FATALITY AT SEA.— Last night, when the Hover and Calais pocket, Victoria, was . in mid-channel, a gontloman — who was identified by his derelict luggage us "Mr. Philip Crowest, The Grange, A1 thorough, '— was seen by tho man on tho lookout either to fall or to fling himself overboard. The man flung a life-buoy, gave tho alarm, and had the, engines at once stopped ; but as the vessel was going at' full speed, tho night was pitoby darky , and tho sen unusually rough, there was from tho first no hope of saving the ill-fated gentle man." , | Hugh sprang up from his untasted break fast, and hurried off 111 a hansom for the Althorough station. Ho caught an express which took him to that town in a little mora than'an hour, and within Iosb than two hours from his loading the telegram he was. in the office of CrowoBt's employers. HaVing mode himself responsible to them for Crowcst's defalcations on condition that they kopt them rigidly secret, ho made nil haste to The Grange. Ho was at onoo admitted to see Bertha, whose chunged appearance soshooked him that ho really forgot for tho momont.tho hows he oume to break to her. However, there was no need to break it, as Bertha had heard it already. "It was kind of you and like you to oomo," .she suid, looking up into his faco with a timid trad touching thankfulness whioh brought the tears to Hugh's eyes. Could this be the high- spirited girl he had trembled, before a low months sinoo ? How infernal the brutullty .which had broken body and spirit sojquiokly artd so completely ! As days and weeks and months went by, however, Hugh had tho inexpressible happinoss to see her come mare and more to her own old self— as a flower - bcaton down by tho storm lifts its head slowly and one by one unfolds itspotals to the stuishine. Hugh loved her still ! This was thesolosoorot of her recovery. Ho word' of lo ve passed between them during all tlioso months, but they road each other's heart in tho eyes, arid never wearied of tho tale told tliore. At length Hugh said to her ono day quietly, "I think it might be Boon now, dear." Sue never doubted or affected to doubt his meaning. " When you wish, dear," she answorca, blushiug, indeed, but without averting eyes that looked their trustfulness into his. So the wedding-day was fixed, and Hugh returned to town that evening walking on air. " Please, sir, a man has-been to see you and wished to wait hero until you returned; but ho looked so disreputable that I told him to ' call again." 1 ' Whim be called e train Hugh at sight of him sank back in his chair and buried his head in both his hands with his arms resting on the tablo. His groan of despair almost moved Crowest to pity. " It's all ri', old man," ho htcoonghed, for he had become a confirmed drunkard. " You can marry hor. I'llgounder. Honest Indian I" Lutor on in the evening he confessed with drunkon frankneBS that he had heavily bribed tho lookout man to stow him away and declare that lie had seen him fall, or fling himself, overboard. Finally. Hugh agrood to pay the scoundrel a certain Bum weekly so long only as ho kept Jiis oxistonoe a seorot from his wife. Host morning, ufter a night of ugony and self conflict whioh aged him by many years, Hugh returned to the Grango, looking the mero ghost of his yesterday's self. ' Oh, Hugh 1 What is it ? "What has happenod ?' oried Bortha at sight of his drawn auu haggard face. Ho took ner in his arms and kissed hor again and again m a Bort of frenzy of love and of despair. "It's good bye !" ho gasped with a dry sob, whioh from so strong u man was very pitiful. An—an entanglement of my youth which I thought I bod got rid of for over, has returned as . from tho grave to separate us !" ... v ' "Hugh !" sho oried, grasping the lappols of his coat, nnd lilting her White adjuring foot to his. "Ho has come ljaokl" "How— Husho?" . "No; but only that oould part us!" Only that! Only that! Oh, iny God!" und she- sank on hor knocs, and from her knees prone and prostrate in a faint upon the floor. - She was vory ill for months, and it' was rather Hugh's visits than tho doctor's which kopt her alive and brought her slowly back to health. When convalescent she was ordered to tho sea, and Hugh got lior rooms at Scarborough, and saw her settled in thorn, und roturned to London with a promise to bo back within a week. And this week sho divided into hours, and her only pleasure was to wafoh thorn pass and to think that he is so muoli ncurcr to me now. Witli what a happy boating heart did sho road and ro-rend the tolegrnm announcing liis coming whon lmrdly half tlioso crawling hours had passed ! Wlion sho met him at tho station ho said with oyes mado solemn by tho sight of death, and such a death ! "Ho's gono, doar! Ho wished to boo you but it was too luto. Too Into !'! ho repeated, with a shudder, for tho horrors of CrowoBt's death from drink haunted him. A year Inter Bertha said to lior husband, what perhaps, is as truo as tho converse sung by Dante, Chaucor, and Tennyson, "I don4i think, dear, unyono can know what real happi ness is who has not known real ivretolicdness," The End. Now Fiboi Publibhed. 