THE MERCURY. HOBABT : TUESDAY, SEPT. 4, 1894. EPITOME OF NEWS. .' Royal assent given to hills yesterday ; no formality. Arthur John Frankcomb admitted as Supremo Court practitioner. Canadians inquiring about Hobart trade, products, etc. Permanent police protection to be given the new township of Gormanston. Boys' Home triennial meeting a success last night. Lord Gormanston refuses to bocomo patron of the Boys' Home, The boys at the Homo have not hod a suit of new clothes for Sundays for three years. New Town Band of Hope hold a cake and apron fair on the 12th inst. Tonic Sol-fa Glee Club meet at Drake's chambers this evening. Dr. Crowther announces that he will parti- ally resume practice to-morrow. Football, Law v. Civil Service, at Risdon to-morrow afternoon. Customs returns for week ending Septem- ber 1 : -Hobart, £3,003 17s. 3d.; Launceston, £3.757 8s. 2d. Parliament formally prorogued until Octo- ber 10, Cabinet will decido this week about extra session. In Geo v. tho Justices of Evandale tho Full Court yesterday decidod in favour of tho justices. Whilo tho Now Zealand Government aro inquiring into the condemned fruit question tho fruit itsolf arrived back in tho colony. Subscriptions of £300 a yoar and £30» for alterations and repairs wanted for tho Boys' Home. Old Beach Road Trust invites tondors for works at lea Tree-road, Groon Point Houso road, and Old Beach. Sorell Athletic Sports to-morrow. Good prizes. Many entries. Keen competition anticipated. Technical School lecture this evening. Mr. J. R. Tranihim-Fryor on " Tho progress of painting in England up to tho year 1900." University of Tasmania 1894 Exams, com- mence on November 20. Particulars in ad- vertisement^ Telegraph Department intimated last night :-" Press mossages delayed through cable cutting out on account of storm." Limelight lecture at tho Temperance-hall this evening in connection with tho London Missionary Society. Lecture to-night at Tcmpornnce-haU by Rev. Joseph King, " Our abips j or 00 years in the Pacific." Address by Captain Turpie. Limelight Pictures. Childrens gathering on Dunn-stroet pior this afternoon to visit a.s. John Williams. Sunday-school children invited. Address by Captain Turpie and collection. Captain Turpio and Mr. Hore, of the mission steamer John Williams delivered ad- dresses at Bellerive Congregational Church last night. All exhibits for Tasmanian Poultry and Dog Show, oxcopt dogs, canaries, cage birds, ana butter, to bo at Exhibition-building by 10 p.m. to-day. Diapers and Grocers Assistants' Associa- tion first excursion of tho season to-morrow. Cheap trips to Sorell by steamer and rail. Two trains each way. Details in advertise- ment. \- Tasmanian apples alleged to be nffectod with codlin moth at Wellington (N.Z.) were returned to Hobart yesterday. An official inspection failed to discover any trace of codlin moth. Victorian oxhibits will shortly bo ready for shipment to Hobart Exhibition. Devastating forest fires in Minnesota. Six hundred persons burned to death. Now South Wales Government exhibits in Hobart Exhibition likely to cover 2<5,O00ft. Queensland shearers striko has developed into an insurrection. Auckland city 5 per cent. loan of £11,900 subscribed for to the extent of £47,000. Six towns destroyod by fire in Minnesota. Millions of dollars damages. Chinese forced loan of ten million dollars to be raised locally. Berlin journals clamouring for redress of Samoan griei onces Vosslche Zeitung pro- poses a conference in Berlin. Troublo continuing betweon compositors and proprietors of tho Evening Ifewn, Sydney, Omeo of the Alropolis, morning papBr published at Athens, wrocked by enraged soldiery. Another Queensland wool shod burnt by Unionist miscreants. Shots exchanged be- tween station owners mid the incendiarists. Queensland Government heartily concur» in federation proposais propounded by the New South Wales Premier. Nine hundred Melbourne bootmakers on strike for better wages. The movement ap- pears a forlorn hope. Disastrous fire in George-street, Sydney, on Saturday night. Lawlor'« furniture ware- house destroyed. Damage, £40,000. One fireman killed. Tue struggle 'going on in these colo- nies at the present time, and, not in these colonies alone, but in many other parts of the world, is something like that between the snake and the eagle, so forcibly described by Siiiïllct in tlie opeuing passages of The lievolt of Islam. For, what is practically going ,on is a struggle between free- dom and restriction. The character of the struggle is not wily seen in the political ciises which bring about general elections, but in the labour war, which has assumed such, terrible aspects inv the United States, and threatens to cause some further loss of life ¡tnd much trouble in the Australian colonies. The two great doctrines which prevail in the world have come openly into collision. A certain portion of the working classes have been diligently taught and have come to devoutly believe that their interests can be best served by a restrictive system, a system which shall place the control of industries in their hands, and which control they have used, and mean to use as long as they are able, solely for their own benefit. Theydecline to recognise any one outside their particular, circle, and they claim also to decide how large that circle shall be. In the United. States one effect of this, if we can trust the 'recent reports, has been considerable ill-feeling and out- rage, because it is found that large numbers of foreigners have formed trade-unions, and refused to allow more than a certain proportion of the young population to learn trades. Thus, large numbers of the native Americans are excluded from the train- ing essential to their welfare and areleft asmere labourers to gain a living as best they can. The truth of this is shown by the reports in the American papers of the recent labour riots, for wo find them describing how" a body of Hun- garians marched upon otie mine, a body of Finns upon another, whilst other bodies of strikers and rioters were made up of various nation- alities, except American and British, who appear to have had little 'or no part in the proceedings., This indi- f cates a very grave danger for the í Republic, a danger which was foreseen by President Lincoln, and which is regarded by the actual police officers as one still of a most serious character. In all these cases the aim is restriction. The societies are organised selfishness. They openly declare that they seek their own benefit only, and care for nothing else. They are not wise enough to perceive that their true benefit lies in quite another direction.andin thisthey resemble those with whom we hava^to deal in these colonies. In Victoria especially, and to a certain extent in New South Wales and elsewhere, the political struggle is between the two principles, and the two parties are so evenly balanced as to leave us in doubt to which side the balance will finally incline. Of course, the shearing dispute, the strike at Broken Hill, the great maritime strike, and all movements of a similar character are purely restric- tive, because the aim is, to put the control of industrial development into the hands of societies, which; in turn, are ruled by a few usually cunning and time-serving men. The workmen are led to believe, and do sincerely believe, that their welfare depends upon this control, for which reason they regard freedom of contract as something which they are entitled to put down by any means, whether it happens to be force or fraud. They claim that they have a right to ex- clude all but themselves from the field, being quite indifferent to the fact that there may be,|as there really are, ten times their number outside their societies. This course is be- lieved here, as in the United States, to be the best in their interests, although the facts show that they can- not maintain their position, and that the endeavours to do so, which are made with .reckless violence and want of fore-thought, only lead to the stag nation of enterprise and a decline of trade which finally tells upon all, but on none so severely as upon tho working-classes themselves. The political aspect of this struggle is to be seen in the j Legislatures in all parts of the world, for the fight goes on alike in France, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, in the Uuited States, and in Austral- asia. The vieion of Cobden of the conversion of all countries to free trade has not been fulfilled, even in a small degree, but, on the other hand, protection has not brought rest ; indeed, it has brought nothing but one prolonged war, for the discovery is made again and again that it doe3 not do what its theory proposes. It does not stop competition and the lowering of prices, but only increases both. It does not provide steady work, for where it is most developed the fluctuations are most severe. It does not provide high' wages, for in protected countries the rate is every- where the lowest. It does not pro- tect the workman from the tyranny of capital, for nowhere is such tyranny to be found as in those countries, like the United States, whore protection has had the fullest trial, and" has beeu a part of what may be called the national faith. In Victoria, the colony which now affords us the most striking object lesson, the cry is, that a tariff which does not prohibit is useless to the working-man, so that one of the main issues at the coming general election is, whether 50 and 60 per ceut. duties shall be further increased, or whether the barriers shall be broken down, and energy, industry and capital be allowed to have free play, and, we may add, fair-play as well. The re- strictive principle has been tried there 'as well as ia, the " United States, with the result in both places that there has been a failure of industry of a very considerable character, but there are many who are still of opinion that there has not been restriction enough, and that the true remedy is, tq further develop a policy that has everywhere failed. In France, the United States, and in all countries, in fact, we find that the really educated people aro free- traders, or rather, we should say, opposed to the attempts ?to increase national wealth and broaden the area of employment by artificial means. They declare that the facts show that this cannot be done. We might fairly conclude from the character of the testimony and of the men that the chances are strongly in favour of their being in the right, a conclusion which is sustained by every day experience. On the other band, the bulk of the workmen huve been tanght that these peoptoonly believe in this way because they are the enemies of the working classes, to which > has been added, mainly unconsciously, that there is a particular kind of working man's truth, specially developed for their benefit. Now, what has got to be demonstrated, and what will be demnnbtrated sooner or later J is, that absolute freedom all round is for the benefit of all. We may see the process going on in the demand for Federation, which is felt to be for the general benefit, and still more strikingly in the fact that nobody even bint3 at protecting one .part of a country against another. These truths carry with them the whole truth, that general freedom is for the general benefit, however specious limits to it may t appear at first sight. This is really the" fight that has to be fought. This is the struggle between the eagle and the serpent. This is what lies behind all the surface manifestations now visible. When that issue shall have been fought out and finally determined then will the opportunity arise, sucli an opportunity as the world has not seen yet, of so organising labour as to avert the struggles which now take place, and the degradation to which so many workers are reduced. The Chief Justice of Victoria lias given the Salvation Army a substantial lift. He presided at the annual meeting of the Social Wing in Melbourne last week, and he spoke in flattering terms of the work the Army is doing, of the value of which, he said,'no two opinions could,prevail. "It was admirable in conception, practical to the utmost degree, and characterised by a loving kindness with which alone a large part of that intractable acorn of humanity, the human heurt, could be reached." It was, he added. '' one of the most constant forms of human blundering, and perhaps the foundation of most human evil, that people would believe, or affect to believe, that mankind were alike in disposition, in thought, or in capacity. Those who had fallen on evil days had to be approached in a delicate way, and ho had ob- served that the Salvation Army methods were eminently fitted for this work." Much more of similar import fell from 'the lips of the Chief Justice, and he was cheered and hallelujahed 'to the echo. With the leaded Judge's opinion a multitude of people, to whom the working of the Salvation Army system 1 has, through its pertinacious ever present activity, become familial1, »ill concur, though as to its "delicate way ",many will probably think the I term a little inapt. A ( popular^ writer I has described _ the Salvationists as "fanatics working out their scheme of life in their own rude way, and lacking in their religion those elements of cul- ture and delicacy which had no place in the rest of their existences." Their earnestness, their belief in having found an effectual calling, condones any impress of fanaticism, but their outward demonstrations, their modes of faith, are as every one knows, and many to their intense discomfort, far outside the pale of refinement. In their private beneficences possibly a delicate touch may prevail, and the Chief Justice may have spoken by the card,but well-wishers of the cause, men and women of every degree, are hope- ful that the day is not far distant when this great, energetic, rough hewn, and boisterous organisation will moderate its vehemence Why must a multitude of souls be driven to the extreme verge of profanity and exasperation, by shouts and bellowings and unwholesome noises, because other souls need round- ing up into the Salvationists' stock- yard ? At all events cannot such devices, if absolutely necessary, be tempered with mercy? Apart from this excess of noisy demonstration everyone admits that the Salvation Army deserves none but good words. It has taken up wi.rk in a field scarcely before trodden. While Churches make appeal for workers among the heathen far away from our own borders, the Salvation Army in its own rough and îeady method essays the evangelisation of non-Christian pcopleatourverydoors. That such work is well done, or at least well begun, is shown by the re- port read at the meeting over which the Chief Justice of Victoria presided. "Colonel " Kilbey stated that during the past year, taking ,the whole of the) colonies, 39S persons lind bcon rescued from gaol, 1,(507 from the streets, 807 lind been sont to situations, 287 re- stored to friends, 257 sent to other homes, and nearly' 700,000 had been, given beds and meals. With the Sal- vationists rest for ti d -weary body and food for the htomncli me conditions precedent to nttompu nt imparting a | desire for tho Bread of Life. Those who expect, and there aro son-e at all events, great tilings from tho in- troduction of woman's suffrage into 'these colonies, will do well to moderate ¡a little, if not their expectations, at ''least their assertions. Wo have referred sevoval times to tho State of Wyoming, where woman's suffrage has existed for some five and twenty" years, to show that nothing particular has happened as a consequence of a change which lins been very much " cracked up." Indeed, .there is always one difficulty in the discussion of this subject, which is, that (what wo may call the aggressive side takes so much for granted, and is coustnntlv.in the habit of arguing, in the familiar feminine fashion of looking at only one side of the case. In tho last number of tho Review "of Reviews, the opinions of several Governors of States .are published, which may be read with advantoge, as contributions to tho discussion, which, we suppose, will set" in luther strongly in this colony in the course of a few months, should Mr. Clark attempt to carry out the promise that ho has made. Governor Waite, of Colorado, who is what is called a Populist, but, nevertheless, has an eye to ' ther facts, which is the essential tiling after all, cites Wyoming as a proof that woman's suffrage has not accomplished anything in particular, and he gives the reason why. He says : - " fii Wyoming and Washington, to my knowledge, no extraordinary progress has been made in the line of political reform that can be traced to female suffrage, and in Colorado not sufficient time has elapsed to speak understandingly of the result. Certainly, there is little hope of the future, unless women, ad- mitted to the suffrage, acquaint them- selves more thoroughly than men with | political affairs." Such a change, we should think, is' highly improbable, be- cause women do not admit that it is ignorance which is the cause of all tho trouble, but insist that it is the " pure cussedness" of men. The Go- vernor of Nebraska insists that the laws are bettor observed in his State than in Wyoming, and he quotes some wicked writor who has said that in the latter State " not a single act of legislation aimed at tho betterment of the human race has been passed -»through woman's influence." As for the social condition, he declares that Nebraska is far in advance of Wyoming. This is hard hitting, but it opens some considerations which may well be calmly reflected «pon. What is called the bill of costs of only a portion, the railways, of the strikes in tho United States has been published, and it is something to make strike leaders reflect, if they were a class of persons at all given to the exercise of the reflective faculties. The bill has only reference to the loss in wages, but that, as many things have shown, is but a very small por- tion of the total present and future loss which must result from the de- struction of confidence and the certain withdrawal of invested capital. Ac- cording to tho American papprs, the number of men who took part in what was called the sym- pathetic strike, ordered by Mr. Debs, the President of the Railway Union, is estimated at 68,380, belonging to 21 railway companies, and representing half the members of the Union, which numbers 123,000. The average wages paid the strikers 2dol. a day, and a very fair salary too, except that the protective system has made the cost of living very high. Tlio loss of wages is set down at close I upon lS0,000dol. a day, so for the 10 days during which tlio strike lasted we have l,S00,000dol. But, in con- sequence of the stoppage of traffic, j 25,000 other workmen, belonging to ' various industries, were thrown out of work, whose loss is estimated at 350,000dol., making a total of l,850,000dol. The estimated loss di the railway companies us a consequence of the stoppage of traffic, is set I down at 2,G00,000dol., besides which large quantities of material were de- stroyed, the total value of which is esti matedat 2,200,000dol. 'Die grand total is set down at 5,öö5,000dol., without, of course, countingthe loss to trade and in- dustry generally, and thecostof preserv- ing order, and finally putting down the rioters. For all this absolute loss, which must at once seriously limit the area of >. employment, what have the strikers got? As far as appears at present, absolutely nothing at all, ex- cept, tho satisfaction, if that is worth having, of knowing that they have done a great deal of damage. The whole business appears to bo wildly foolish, though, except for the ferocity shown, not more foolish than some of the strikes that wo have . seen in Australia. Jt is good to have power, buta terrible thing not to know now to use it. 'Pakliaîient.-- Ac the meeting of the Executive Council yestorday tho proclama- tion proroguing Parliament until the 16th October next, was approved, with notico ia the Gazette to follow in duo course. It mny be mentioned in this connection that the idea of an October session seems to grow moro and more remoto as the days pass. The Premier has allowed that ho will only call the extra setsion if a m i jority of his followers wish it, and of this question being, in default of ox tri payment for services rendered, answered in the negative there seoma to be very little doubt. A full Cabinet meeting is likely to be held as soon as Ministers are all bick in tho city again alter their country trips, when the question will be brought up, and a decision come to. Royal As«kijt -At the meeting of the Executive Couucil yesterday the remainder of the bills passed during the recent session of Parliament, including the Appropriation Bill, wore presented to His Excellency the Governor, and formally assented to by him on behalt of the Crown. No formality whs observed, the measures being simply placed before Lord Gormanston by the Clerk to the Counoil. Trade witii Canada.-The Premier has received a despatch from the Agent- General, forwarding a copy of a letter from the High Commissioner of Canada, asking, on behalf of Messrs. Murdoch and Barber, of Toronto, to be supplied with statistical matter concern- ing Tasmania, with samples of products peculiar to the colony, tariff, geographical description, and other data. The firm in question have, it seems, been stimulated by the Ottawa Conference proceedings to open a colonial bureau, where they propose keeping on file all praoticul_ statistical information concerning the colonies, so privileging them- selves asa trade-promoting firm, and indue ¡og colonial people to com« to Toronto when they visit Canada, The matter has been referred to the Government statistician, who will give it his early attention. The CoNDEMNfcD Fruit.-The Premier received a cablegram yesterday from the Premier of Now Zealand, replying thus tardily to Sir Edward Braddon'« message of nine days*, since, asking for particulars why certain Tasmanian apples had been refused admission at {he port of Wellington. Tho oablo now to hand simply says that tho matter is being inquired into by the Govern- ment. Sale of Distrained Goods.-The follow- ing rule of procedure uoder tho Small Debt* Act is gazjtted to-day :-" So much of rales 79, 80, and SI as requires notico of the in t ndsd sale of goods or land to be advertised I as therein directed shall not apply to the < sale of goods or land seized under uny warrant of execution in or upon any depen- dency of this colony wbero communication with the maiuland shall be uncertain, and I in lieu of such notico by advertitemont notico of suoh idtendrd sale shall be affixed i I to some building upon or nearest to the I placo where suoh goods or laud shall be i I seized." ' Pauli nniusT.-By a proclamation in to- day's Gazette tho Government prorogues Parliament to October 16, 18114. i Police 1'hotlction at iíoiimanstok.-In connection with the labour rioting at Gor- manston the Attorney-General received a ] telegram yesterday f i oin Superintendent Conlan, stating that tho disturbance was not n serious one, being moro a drunken spreo than anything else. Tho Altorncy-Gcncrul had already made urnmgementa for polico protection to tho locality by sending a single man there as a temporary expedient, but if the population goes on increasing, us it will do if the railway works aro proceeded with, the Government will creot a station and make full provision for the preservation of order and the protection of life and property. Statu School Tiîaoiikrs' Fiîks.-The Minister of Education states that it is not the intention of tho department under tho new rules to make the position of the under teachers any worse than it has hitherto been, and that provision will have tobo made for any loss they may bo proved to Bustain by their being placed on a fixed ealnry in- stead of receiving a portion of the lees paid by the paren's ot the children. Publications Received.-Tho People's Friend for the ourront month is to liund. It continues its active campaigu agaiust tho use of intoxicating liquors, and hoaps argu- ment upon argument in support of tho causo it advocates. An cxtraot from tho Alliance AT«tvs on "Dipsomania aud its euro" is worth «publishing :-"It is now universally acknowledged that inebriety is a disease, physical, na well as mental and moral. To give the pledge of total abstinence to the invetcrato drunkard and expect him to keep it is to look for a stup:ndous elTort which only the mun of sound mental energy and bodily vigor can perform, Exceptions prove the rule. The next step in tho progress of true temperance reform will bo the recog- nition of the fact that tho irresistiblo craving for drink is a disease which mu&l; bo treated on sound therapeutic principles. To shut the victim up in a nome for so many months without any treatment is as un- satisfactory as tho administration of pu tout remedies is irrational. Por inebriety/ no more than for cancer or consumption, oun there be a specific. Tho only euro is to get tho whola man into better condition, his body purified, and his will strengthened. Extensive acquaintance with inebriety in its various Btages enables me to Bay with confidence this end can be attained, pro- vided the right means aro* adopted, vi/.., diet, bathing, exercise, mental therapeutics, and systematic methods to strengthen tho will. Oranges, lemons, and apples, are far better BpeciUcs than tho much vaunted oures." Wo hnvo also received tho Church iíetfls for September. The priucipal featuro it records ot church doings in Tasmania is au account of tho laying oi tho foundation stone of the new church at Kingston on the 22nd ult. ; n slight amplification of the roport of proceediuge previously published iu The Mercury. Summer KuMiirn of tub "Gbavhic." From Messrs. J. Walch & Sons wu huve re oeived a copy of this ever-welcomo unnual, which contains a number of bright and en- tertaining stories by such popular writers as F. W. Robineon, E. Nisbet, H. Merriman, etc. There is plenty of humour also, which will be found in the illustrated stories of "The Tamed Giraffo " and " Bungulow Ghosts," and in addition a large and beauti- fully coloured picture suitable tor framing. ' Art Gallmiy Additions.-Among re csnt additions to the picures at the Ait Gallery ure a pair of black and whites loaned bv their artist, Mr. W. C. Piguenit. One of them represents a " View from licltani, looking down tho Dorwent," and tho other a " View of Geilston Day looking up the Derwent." Theso pictures are con- sidered by judges who have seen thom to bo i two of Mr. Pigucnit's bett works of this cluso, the light nud shado being wonderfully well brought out, and t he detail character- istic of the artist fully shown. Other fresh pictures are two oils by which Mr. J. O. Burn supplements his loan. One of theso ¡8 a quaint work by the great master, D. Teniers, entitled " The Barber's Shop. Seated in the toneorial chairs aro a couple of eats, upon which two gravo looking monkeys are operating with razors. The expressions on the countenances of the animals, are very ludicrous. Another cat being " brought to the slaughter" by a couple of monkeys with others of "man's forefathers " as spectators completes the picture. The ' second work is signed "Gritten," and represent* "Windsor Castle " from the Eton aide of the Thames. Lecture on Mental Soikkce.-Professor G. A. De Blumenthal will appear at tho Tasmanian-ball this evening in au amusiug and instructive phrenological and physiog- nomical entertainment, which should bo rendered all the more interesting as the illustrations will ba selected from the audi- ence. Ho will also discourse on noies. lips, tho walk as illustrative of the character, love, courtship, and marriage. Details appear in our advertising columns. Reproduction op Tableaux.-In re- j l sponsc to pressing requests Lady Gormanston has consented co arrange for tho repro- duction of the historical tableaux which j proved such a marked success at the Tem- perance-hall a few evenings since. Tho per- | formance will ho again in aid of tho Con- valescent Home, but it has been decided that the reproduction which ia fixed for ïhursday evening next, weather permitting, shall he given at the Theatre Royal, as being moro suitable both for the perfect production of the living pictures and for tho comfort and convenience of the audience. It ia an- nounced l'y advertisement that the dross circle plan is at Susman's, and that tickets may also be obtained at VValoh's. Oratorio Concert.- Last evening a suc- cessful and enjoyable concert was given in the "Memorial Church by tho members of the choir and friends. Tho choir of this church has established a good reputation for their excellent sacred concerts, which are now quite an institution, and ara always thoroughly appreciated by those attending ; but former efforts seem to have boen quite eclipsed lust night, when a programme con- sisting entirely of gems from tho ora- torios was submitted, and attracted a very large audience. The concert oponed with the, chorus " How lovely aro tho mes- sengers," from Mendelssohn's St. Paul, ably rendered by the choir, the contrapuntal passages being brough', out with good «fleet. Ibis wus followed with an organ solo from Gounod's Redemption, which was skilfully played by Mr. A. J. Mille, and who wus much applauded. Miss Hogg contributed two items in her usual artistic manner, her flexible soprano voice being well suited both to the delicate parts of H-iydn's exquisite uria " With verdure elad," and to the brilliant passages in "Lot the bright soraphim," from Handel's Samson. For the latter she received an en- thusiastic recall. Miss Sylvia Mills gavo a chaste rendering of " O rest in the Lord" (Mendelssohn's Elijah), and was encoicd. A good reception wus accorded Mrs, Vautin for her sympathetic rendering of "Angels ever bright and fair "(Handel'« Tfteodoru),nnd " Eve's Lamentation " (King). Mrs. Huaton sang an arm from Dr.Torrauce'a/tet'aZaiiou very sweetly, aud Miss Watchorn mudo u favourable impression by her tasteful singing of " Hannah's prayer " (Cost»'a Eli). Mr. Archie MoVilly, though suffering from influenza, sang well, and scored a de- cided success with, 'Vin nativo worth " (Haydn). His second effort was tho recita- tive, '-If with all your hearts," which was also very successful, the words of thepro phetbcingadmirablydeohiimed. Anenjoyable number was the trio from tho Elijah, " Lift thine eyes," rendered by the Mieao« Hogg, Mills, and Watchorn, their voices blendmg harmoniously throughout. Mr, T. A. Spencer sang "Loid God of Abraham" (Elijah), and was well received. In tho choruses " Sleepers wake " (Si. Paul), " And the glory " (Hftsiiah) the choir did very well indeed. Mr. Marsh, the choirmaster, accompanied the vocalists with his cus- tomary ability, and an added word of praite is due to him for hiB capable management of the whole concert. Hobart Catholic Literary Associa- tion.-A very interesting leeture oa " Shakespeare and Ireland waa given by Father Keith under the auspices of the above Association last evening. When the rev', lecturer had concluded, Mr. H. Keating proposed, and Herr Buck seconded, a vote of thanks. Messrs. Ryan, MoMamara, and Gleeson also took part in the discussion which ensued. The rev, chairman, Father Gilli rao, inputting the vote, re-echoed the hope expressed by members that this wau but the prelude to another lecture from Eather Keluh. Herr Buck gavo pianoforte selections both before und after tho lecture. On the motion of Father Kelsh, seconded by Mr. Shirley, it was unanimously agreed that Mr. H. Garrett be elected a member of the Association. Wo hope to produce Father Kelsh's lecture in extenso to-morrow. The Boys' Homk-Tho economical management of this institution was dis- closed at the triennial meeting last night at the Town-hall. It was stated by one speaker that the boya had not had a new suit of "best"clothes for three years, and that the excellent matron waa of opinion that it was quite timo the little fellows got a new rig-out from somewhere. Lord Gor- manston sent a reply to the secretary's request declining the position of patron of the Home. ' CITY POLICE COURT.—Mr. T. A. Rey- nolds, J.P., disposed of the business brought before this Court yesterday. Jesse Harris, for being drunk and disorderly in Liverpool- street on Saturday last, was fined 5s., or, in default, seven days' imprisonment. Clara E. Kohn, for a like offence in Elizabeth- street on Sunday, was ordered to pay a fine of 5s., or go to gaol for seven days. Court op Requests.-In conscqticnco of tho bitting of the Supreme Court, the Court for tho hearing of judgment summoneos, bofore Mr. Commissioner ¡Shaw, will be held in tho Mayor's Court-room, Town, hall, on Wednesday, 5 til ins t., at 11 a.m. Leoai,.-Ia Chambers yesterday, before Mr. Justiao Adams, Mr, Arthur John Fraokcomb, of Hobart, was, on the applica- tion of Mr, Curzon Allport, admitted to praotico as a barrister, nttornoy, solicitor, and proctor of the Supreme Court of Tas- mania. Mr. Frankoouib pissed a very crcditablo examination in tho prescribed subjects before tho Legal Board in July last. ide served hil articles with Mossrs. Roberts and Allport, of Stonu-buildings, and is now about to practice on his own account at Treasury-ell umbers, Testamentary.-The following probates have been issued:-Alfred Barwick, to I John William Barwick and Charles John Harwich, £775 ; Torquil Harold Urquhart, to Ciroliuo Harriot Urquhart, £211 ; John McCuuco, to VUniel Brcay Lcdeam, £3,774 (foreign). Sioknefs at South Arm_Some anxiety has been caused in the city by a loport that an epidemic of disease has broken out dowu the liver, ami that in consequence o doctor had boen août for, On inquiry it seems that tho facts uro iu the main correct, though those who have friendB in the looility have nothing to fear from tho uuusual state of, affairs. It sccniB that influenza has bofn'rife at South Arm during the week, and that early on Sunday morning Mr. Wni. Calvort, who was alarmed at tho state of odo of his sons, a lad of 14 years of ago, despatched an eider boy to ilobjrt on horseback lo seek modicil assistance. Dr. Harvey, who was called on, at onco went down to tho Arm in the s s. Pinafore, and found tho boy suffering from inflammation of the lungs, supervening on the other com- plaint, but tho rest of the casos are only of an ordinary ohuraoter, aggravated in some instances by old ago. Dr. Harvey returned to town the same day, the boy being well nursed by his mother und oilier relatives, and me'lioines wero Bent down in the ovening for him and the other sufferers, all of whom will thus bo placed in a fair way to re- covery, If bad symptoms set in Dr, Harvey is to be aguin communicated with, but not unless that is the cubo Hosi'iTAi, Case.-A young man named Hoboroft was treated at tbc General Hos- pital ysBterduy for injuries to his hand, oauscd by a tip-cart crushing it. One finger was so badly smashed that is wub found necessary to amputate it. University; Examinations.-The dates fixed for examinations in connection with tho University of Tasmania are as follow :-Senior public examination and junior public examination, Thursday, November 29,1894, at Hobart and Launces- ton ; first, second, and third examinations' for the degrees of B.A. and B Se, first and second examinations for the degree of LL.B , Monday, December 10, 1894, at Hobart. fcT.JoiiN's Association.-Canon Whiting- ton delivers a lecture before St. John's As- sociation tt:ii eveuing. On Monday next a concert will be given under tho auspices of the Associatiou, the programme for which will hu sustained by well-known local vocalists and instrumentalists. St. Andrew's Literary Association.-A paper will bo road by Mr. A. D. Kennody on Bi-inetallism in St. Andrew's-hall this ovening, commencing at S o'clock. Working Men's Social^-A tea and con- cert will bo provided at the Temperance hall to-morrow evening under tho patronage of the Trades and Labour Council und Liberal Political Labour League. An excellent programme lias been arranged, in which the City Baud is to take part. Full particulars appear in our advertising columns. New Tows Charitable Institution. The Orpheus Cluh gave a concert at the institution last night, and the judicious selection of itoms-vocal and instrumental, serious and comic-did not fail to ipeot with most gratifying recognition fromovery one present. Frequent encores wero the order of the evening, and nero readily responded to by the performers, who at tho cIobo of tho evening expressed themselves much pleased with their reception, and promised au early return visit. The latter announcement waB cheered by all present. The Rev, Father Seraphim thunked the club for their kindness. Hobart Sa vi os Bank.-The half-yearly meeting of the managers of the Hobart Savings Bank will be held at the bank premises at 11 a.m. on Thursday next. HoiiAivr Regatta Association.- Tho annual meeting of the Hobart Regatta Association will bo held at the Ship Hotol this ovening, when tho report and balance sheet will be presented, and an election of committee and othor officers will tako place. Houart Horticultural Society.-The committee of tho Hobart Horticultural S-oioty held a meeting last evening, the chairman, Mr. Robert Henry, presiding, a full attendance of members being present. Tho consideration of the new schedule for 1394-5 was dealt wi>h, and finally adoptod. It was resolved, subject to satisfactory ar- rangements, to hold a grund honorary bIiow on Wednesday, October 10. The idea is to have, in connection with this show, u gtand musical evening. Full particulars will lie udvertised in tho course of ti few days. Should the ooiiunittco be able to arrange the programme as discussed at the meeting, n specially attractive and unique entertain- ment may be looked for. The committoe decided to have a grand fruit show in the autumn, aud tho Northern growers »ra invited to take part, Several growers ¿f fruit from tho neigh- bouring colonies havo Dignified their intention to take part in sending collections of fruits to this show. It was also decided to writo.to tile Government, asking it to assist the Society in getting an exhibit of fruit. The Governments of the other colonies contribute to similar societies as the Hobart Horticultural Society £1 for £1, and tho committee hopo that the Tasmanian Go- vernment may be induced to do likowiso. Several other mattera having been dealt with the committee adjourned, to meet at un early dalo- to decide and lix arrangements for the honorary show to take piuco early next month. QuEENBOROffiH FitoiT Board,-Tho an nual meeting of the aboVa will be held at the Board-room, Upper Sandy Buy, ou the 29th ¡nat, at .1 p.m. Tho Hunt.-The Hutton Park beagles will meet at the Kennels, Lovely Banks, ou Saturday afternoon, Honours ron "Tasma."-It is a sign of tho age, says Morning, when The Times ap- points a woiiuu as special correspondent in bo important u place as Brussels. Mdmc. Couvreur, who haB just succeeded lier late husband as Times representativo in tho Belgium capital, is best known to the public, as " Tasmu," the novelist. Of Dutch family, she was born in Highgate, and was brought np in Tasmania-boneo her norn de plume. She first made her name in Europa as a lecturer on emigration in the principal towns of France, Belgium, and Holland. " Tasma," who began her career us con- tributor of articles and short stories to Aus- tralian papers, may perhaps bo said to havo made lier name over here as the author of " The Peuauce of Portia James." Other novels fiom her pen are " In Her Burliest Youth," and "A Knight of the White Feather." The Totalisator,-Wiiilo disouBfing tho Gaming Bill, recently in the New Zealand Legislative Council, Sir P. Buckley told honourable mombers that he had been astonished to find at one Maori race meeting to which ' u totaliaatnr permit h»d been issued that the " plate " run for was 2*. Gd. and two boxes of matches. Trade Commsation.-Tho Christchurch Prias is informed that it is probable that there will shortly be a rise in wagesamong the men engaged in the various trades connected with builtliug. Arrangements have already been mude by the plastering trade, which it is expected will prevent excessive com- petition among sub-contractors, and ensure u highor rate of wages to the men. Other trades will shortly meet for the purpose of discussing a similar line of action. Rounding it Oki-.-Manifold are the uses of//aiisani. Referring to the "little dirty black devil" episode in tho 'New Zealand House of Representatives, tho Otago Daily Time* says "if the Minister for Lands is correctly reported in Hansard, his ex- pression towards Mr. Esrnshuw docs not appear to be unparliamentary. He is thus reported:-"However, I am not going to wusto my time on the hon. gentleman, as at present it is too precious altogether. I will give him a few words which will be Greek to him. I will take the aiugeal gaolach duhk into avitundum on a future occasion."- The literal meaning of tile Gaelic is (atngeal) "angel," {gaolwh) "beloved," (dubh) "black or dark." The Minister, therefore, appears to have termed Mr^Earnshaw " a 1 beloved black angel." -^-. I I'ai'Kr Money.-The Wellington cor. rrspondont of tho Otago Daily Timi» re- marks that tho Troaauror (tho Hon. Mr. Ward) is pretty generally accredited with a passion for u national legal tender piper isBiio, and is believed to bo nntle torrod by tho oft-ropeatod wuruingB of history as illuBtni'cd.iJy tho shocking oxamplcs of Argontiun.i'Yrn.iuay, and the rest. But on a » Vecuut evening 1 had a personal experience of tita esti- mation in which the pjBtul noto of tho Trea- surer is held that allowed a most terrible and. 1 confess, entirely unexpected depre- ciation of the coming nutional our ronoy. It was iu this way : While in my accustomed piuco listening to tho Sonato there otiio to mo a triem'f1 from tho south. Presently I suggested that wa might beguile, the weariness of words witli a little stimulant from tho nd jaoont Bollamy's. l'lie modest quenchers were ordored, and to tho sorvitor I t;ndorod a postal note for 203., impressing upon him ' that it was a National Bin!; note of I hi country and undeniably good for its face value. Ho believed me, und boro it away-1 to procure tho balnnoo of tho prooeods. Ho roturned and, with u~ pained look moro of . sorrow than of unger, suid, " Exouso mu, sir ; but they won't ohnngo this at Bel- lamy's." Think of it I-a National Bank note of tho face value of £1 not good for two drinks at Bellamy's, within the precincts of Parliament ! And yet tho Treasurer fondly hopi « to induce tho confiding publio to tako 100,000 of thom. This Nisw Zealand Divorce Bill.-The oommittou of the Presbyterian Synod on * "Public Morals and Clmroh Interests," it, a meeting held in Dunedin last week* agreed to rnoommond that petitions be eerie to both Houses of tho Legislature from the soveral congregations of the clmroh against tho Divorco Bill now beforo Parliament, and to rcqueit the co-operation of tho several churches In the saina direction. THe-oom mittco consider that a great wrong; Has-been' dono to tho community in having suth a bill . sprung upon ¡bwithoutnotio-an act'on moro befitting un autocratie rather than a demo- cratic Li'gislatifro, ,'1'ho following is a sub stance of tho politlón suggestud by tbo' eommitteo :-(1) That them is no evidence that tho country.has asked such a bill as is now beforo Parliament. (2) That without ErdtBing tho point that tho provisions of the ill, with one axoeption, ara in cod flic t with the divino legislation on the subject, which has hitherto (icon tho safeguard und inspira- tion of tho homo, it is an unwarrantable in- " terferonco with tho rights of the electora at largo to hive euch u bill introduced by-* private member before thoy had cither a*kcd for it or had suf&^ient time given them to consider it. The Autocratic Seddon".-" Never gür hapä," says tho Wellington Post, " did the real nature of tho Premior reveal itsolf so distinctly as iu tho suggestion ho madoafew nights ago that parliamentary business would1 be expedited if tho public were excluded from' the galleries of the Houho on thrco or fouir nights of tho week. This ia a pu'feotly de- licious proposal to cmanato from a Liberal Premier, a loader of tile democracy ! That the Ministry objects to and rosoutspress criti- cism, wo all know, and thero oun bo no surer proof of autocratic ninia thnusuch restivenees.. It nqw appears that the Premier thinks the publio aro learning too much of »hat is said and dono in P.irlinmont. Of course, if the public oould be debarred from hearing what goes ou in tho House, and the nowspuperr press could bo provoiited from reporting it, , Hansard reparu would bl manipulated by ''oorrectioos,' si as to effectually gull the publia au to tho sayings and doings of their representatives. Sitting »ii camera, Minis- ters would have it ull thrir ona way, and obuld do prcoisely what they pleased with- out being ' subject tu any independent or ontsido criticism. This would exactly suis Mr. Seddon and his colle'igucs, but we do not think it would suit the oouutry. Doubt- less, if Mr. Seddon had his will ho would! abolish parliamentary discussion altogether, and trent Parliament as morely a body to. register the deçrços of tho Mini'try." 