Miaastrcl Emtertaisiffiieiat. THE Bcnvral Young Meu's Association Minstrel Troupe have made their eocoud bow to an audience. They performed at Borrima on Motida; ? night iu aid of tlio Lurlies' Working Association, and were grouted with a full bouse. Prior to the ar rival of the troupe, Mr. Jones and a couple of members had decorated the stage, so that ! when the curtain rosa it looked very attrac tive, Tbo chairs were occupied by 12 per formers, with Messrs. J. Jones aud Poole (bones) aud Messrs. Church and Soul tor (trim boa) on the corners, and Mr. J. Hall in the contre, The entertainment was somewhat similar- to that given an Bowral, and wns uckuowlged by those who witnessed ? both to have beeu belter. At aiivrnie, the aiidicucc was kopt well amused, and 110 iloubt the entertainment was that which the public of Berrima seldom 1ms the privi lege of hearing. The first part of the programme com p.iecd :-Qvarmre,." Bocoacio," Orchestra; opening choru^ Upidee," Company; ! ong, " Tlie Pardon came-too late," Mr. J. Hall; comic song, " What ri» afternoon," .Mr, R. Souttor;'? song, " Tlio old ho.nn ain't what it lined to be," Mr. P. Comer; song, " Mother, sing mo to rest," Mr. H. E, Jones; comic song, " Walking tbf floor with b.-iby," Mr. J. Jones; sontr, "Sweet C liming Bolls," Mr. W. Poarte; song, " Life's Slovy," Mr. A. Dnprezcomic song, " Sbo winked at me," Mr. C. Church ; song, " The song of the Steeple," Mr. H. Ellson ; comic song, " My Darling Clemen tine," Mr. E.' Poole ; song, " The Light house by the Sea," Mr. li. Soutler. With one ov two exceptions the songs were creditably rendered, while the comics took well. Jokes and gags were interspersed be tween the songs. The first part concluded with the '. The Ghost," and according to iht> laughter it caused the fiuale was not misplactd. Alter an interval of three minuses, Mr. A. Towie sang in character "The Railway . .Guard." Mr. J. Jones then came on with . the.stump speech "JNothing," and further added to the success which he achieved in l.ue foregoing part. Mr.. J. Moore sang 4'For-the sjake of the dear little girls." " The Mulligan Guards;," were then intro duced ; fcveu .members-with Mr. Duprez as sergeant-dressed iu red tunics and white helmets, and carrying guns, went through BKveral comical movements whilst sinking the var ies and chorus attached to the sang. This item provoked much merr.iment. . The entertainment, oonduded with the farce " Turn him out." Owing to tlie lack of stage accommodation this was not shown to su«h advantage as it was at Bowral, but it prored a valuable number 011 the pro gramme. The characters were-Nico deinua Nobba, Mr. Will. Pearee ; Mr. Mac intosh Moke; Mr. R. Soutter; Mr. Eglau-. tine Roseleaf, Mr. J. Hall; Julia (Moke's wife) Mr., A. Prior; Susan- (maid-of-all work) Mr. J. White. ? .Wo have previously described the farce, therefore it is unneces sary to do so again. The entertainment concluded at 10,80, and according toremarks heard afterwards everyone who attended were perfectly satis fied with it. After the performance, the minstrel troupe were treated to refreshments by the members of the Ladies' Working Asso ciation, and Mr. Chas. Church thanked the ladies on behalf of the troupe. Mr. P. Connelly replied, by thanking the young men for their endeavour in aid of the Ladies Association, and trusted it would not .be the last time the troupe would perform in Berrima. With 18 aboard and Mr. J. Grey handling the ribbons, the company started for Bow ral, which they safely reached just as the midnight mail steamed in, everyone having spent an enjoyable time. Certainly the best medioine known is SANDEU and SON'S EDOALTPTIS EXTRACT. Tent its eminent power ful eSeots in coughs, colds, influenza ; the relief is instantaneous. Iu serious cases, and accidents of nil kinds, be tlwy wounds, burns, scaldings, bruises, sprains, it is the safest remedy-no swelling-no in flammation. Liko surprising effects produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammation of the lungs, swellings, &o.; diarrhoea, dysentry, diseases of the kidneys, urinary organs. In use at hospitals and medical clinics all over the Globe ; patronised by His Mojesty the King of Italy ; crowned with medal and diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in tbis approved article, and reject all others. 