An Old Birthday Book. I V is called " The Keepsake Scripture Textbook," •> 1 yeivs ,.1J, and has a short verse of the Bible opp .site to each blank space left for tbe signatures. As 1 turn the leaves of tlx' little red volume given me by ii linv lover, with " Mizpih " in faded gilt letters 011 its ever, 1 come to the name of the Jinor. l'nillip Sfixwell: his verse is, '• Hold fast that which is good." lVar boy, he was reading the words with m", and his left arm was round inv waist while he was writing; we were engaged then, and 1 thought liirn the noblest and most beautiful person on earth. 1 saw birn a month n'ny. he looked fat and prosperous, had a beard and chill i teeth, and his been married for the last, ten years to an elderly widow; they have three hid- >us children, and he is trying to tret into Parliament. The namaof a once well-known hank miniver next attracts my notice. He little tll,mJlt wben he penned it. that he was to inherit a fortune, lose a wife, marry another, who would in turn m'irrv another before this bonk wastull. Oi the same pige I find the names of Archdeacon Beamish and Colonel R-ide, men whom age will never wither and whose charm will always re ii 1111. Here is 8ir George Bowen's name. We IH-JJ ar a bazrar which he almost bought up. lie n a widower since theu. and, if report s)m1;s truly—but then, it n^ver does, so we will n >t mention it Chevalier, the artist, •inii Proctor, the astronomer, are here. The for ner has ag«d, and the latter re-married and died. Poor Tom Anketell, who was murdered at K i-ihourne for defending the bank's gold, wrote ins n-.une one day at tbs little office at G u-dons. A party of us were having luncheon with him. s jnie one of the girls told fortunes afterwar Is. and 1 remember she foretold a longjourney and a violent death for him. This is tbe nitill" of a young stock agent. He was hanged a few years'ago for the murder of his wife and family, aud here is the signature of that gentle wirV In a childish handwriting is the name, "Minnie Gaunt," when eight years old; long before she had any thought of either her own or " Dive's Sweetheart." While near it a well-known M J lb >urue identity has tbe appropriate verse, " Tnaul; God, I am not as other men." Next comes the name of an old man, who now calmly s'uepsthe shep that knows no waking, while his young wife has a good time with Number Two. Agar Wynne wrote as good a band then as be d ie" now. He has gone through a gosd deal in one way and another since this old book was new, but is the same good fellow as ever. One adventurous spirit has written under his name, • Where shall I ba this diy twenty years ?" and 1 am sorry to be obliged to reply, "In gnol." Martin lioughlin laughed a laugh of merry i-corn wh.-n he re"id his text, "The race is not to the swift." H e was a handsome yonng man in those days, and owned many horses. Dr. James'name is on tbe sum- pige. and further on we see .Tohn Matberson nnd his "wife, now both gone the way of all flesh. Ui-h'ip Purrv and Father Harry. H 'ginald Bright and .Sir Charles Sladen, Ted Kirhy and many others follow O. A. Slierard was not unknown as a youthful author even then, though his signature has the immaturity of a boy.. Bis '• Daughter of the S011t.il" IS a collection of charming verse which will vet bring fame to the writer. Dear old U. H Bland's c digraph}' is exquisitely neat. The d iv Ivi wrote his name was.one hot Sunday in Climes. We had been all over the garden of which he was justly proud, and were resting in the verandah while he told us stories of the early days. Our conversation turned on the Fisher "host, storv, and he gave the true account of the whole t-vont. including t-he explauation, of the ghost, who was a shepherd sittiog on the rail. died some years afterwards, having first told M r. Bland that he was really afraid to confess til it he had innoaeotly deceived the overseer, the police and tbe general public to, such an extent II such a casual manner. " 1 wonder if I have a very extraordinary collect]'.n of people in 'The Keepsake.' They did not seem so when they wrote their na nes, but what changes those twenty yearn have wrought, and more Than half are dead ! My book is quite a cemetery : some are rich who were then poor, at jre are po >r who were tiien rich. Every girl in it mirri^d—five twice. Kour Governors have come and gone; one schoolboy has blossomed inlo a dein. and another h"come a bishop. The la-t signature begins witn the letter Y, and represents a once p jpular clergyman, who changed his religion three tiui»s and his wife six. Hut enough ! My lamp grows dim, or my eves are weaii? and I will shut up, as also does luy old book." O- 