A DEAD MAN'S STEP, A Detective Story, BY LAWRENCE L. LYNCH. \- PUii d bty mpeai al yaewe essa wuil Xm s, weard, Locs ad Boeden, Limied. [a.r. mearGs. nxsrn.) CHAPTER XLVII. Thl ERODIGAL nOTHOI R, Uncle Holly came late to breakfast next morning, so late, indeed, that all the family had breakfasted, and only Valen tine remained in the morning-room, loitering over a vase of roses upon a law aide table. When the maid had put down his coffee and muffans, and retired to bring the glas of milk which he often took with his morning meal, and now demanded, Valen tine, who had been chatting brightly acrosn her shoulder, came close behind his chair, and, while in the act of leaning over to place a roeebu. beside his plate, said. just above her breath: "Bosa will see you in my boudoir when you have finished here ; " and, as the door swung back, and a second maid came in with hot dishes, she went on louder and with perfect nonchalance, " My red African lily, by the way, has three blossoms ; if you will not keep me waiting too long, I will take you to my boudoir and let you peep at it." In spite of this bait, "Uncle Holly " made his slow and hearty breakfast, while Val chatted with him across the table, and made believe eat a sauc-r cf strawberries, and when he had finished, they went up the stairs together, she still talking airily, and he wearing in his button-hole th rosebud she had placed beside his plate. In the upper hall they encountered Brenda, and Valentine said at once: "Mr Holly is coming to see my red lily; there are three this morning; wn't you come, Brenda ?" Brendas answering smile was verb shadowy ; " Thank you, Val, I think 1 must go on. Brook has been quite i, again, Doctor Ware tells me. 1 am going to see him," and they went their separate ways. The boudoir was untenanted when they entered it, and Valentine, merely pre fer ing him a chair by the balcony window, where the vases of lilies were blooming nodded her heas and passed on to the nex: room. A moment Itter he heard a door dcler sharply, and then Rosa entered througil the curtained doorway by which her new mistress had gone. She held a key be tween her thumb and for. finger, ano glanced at it as she approached him, sittit g promptly down upon the light chair which ne had pulled close before him. " She has shut herself into her dressing room, and made me lock her in," BEoas began in her quiet tones. " she's so charming, it's really a pleasure to be her maid! only she won't let me do my whole duty," she stopped as abruptly as she hae begun, and drew a iolded paper from the bosom of her dress. "It's there in detail," she said, in a businesslike tone. " It's as you supposed; evidently she has never thought of anyone questioning Judith, and has never cau- 1 tioned her." "And you found it all out P" "'A l Well-1 found out tlat-at the time of her marrige ehe had the full set they were made at 1'uffany's, and bear him mark. There was some sort of wager, or jest, whieh ended in her giving them each "One? You aresureof that Oneto i each ?" " Sure I she has the rsst; the brooch and ear pendants stiuL" " And SBaitl F" he asked. She glanced at the paper still in his 2 hands. "?arits is more reserved than I ou'ld wish," she said. " Bhe is not in the best state of mind for sociability just now," he repsied, smilinga little; "nave patience, and drop a word I or two, at the right time, in praise of iMr Brook Deering." "You mean-the gocd-looking, blonde Invalid ?" " The same." Brook Deering was lying upon his bed when Doctor Ware visited him that morn ing. He was wrapped in a loose dressing. l gown of a purplisn blue shade, and the colour emphasised the pallor of his face I and made him look ghastly. He had passed another restless night, and had been troubled again by th- I ghostly footsteps. He was verb nervous I and unusually talkative; and, this morn- I ing, he had no doubt regarding his night's I experience. He had not dreamed it; it I was a ghostly visitation He had heardl his dead father's footsteps in his old room, of that he was sure. He told the story to Brends when she came to see him, al though he had been so reticent about his arst experience, and had enjoined upon the doctor the strictest secrecy; and when Bruce came in, a tittle before luncheon time, he told it to him. When Sarita was admitted to his room, still later, fore Doctor Ware had prohibited a morning risit, and limited that of the afternoon, he told it over again to her, in the presence and hearing of Wiliam. By the next morning it was known all through the house that " Mr Brook" had heard nncanny footsteps in his father's room, and that he was imost " out of his I mind" in ,onsequenoce and while the) were dihcreetly quiet in the presence of their superioras-below stairs the servant discussed the strange occurrence over and over. Irantime-as the doctor hd predicted -Sanita's first midnight ramble was fol lowed by a second; and this time, when she went up the stairs leading to the man uard, with half of a fresh candle in tbhe short brass candle-etand, she found the door at the top cpen. che entered the older attic at once, and after ?oae wandering about-crrying the candle with? firm and steady hand-she approached the door of the inner andi newer apartment. At first she tried to open it, but when this tailed she put down the candle as before, and ater seeming to Isten a moment with her ear close to the door, .le knocked three knocks, slow and distinct, the same as before. Murtagh, who had possessed himself of keys enoagh to unlock all of Beechwood, had arranged this nloeoking the first attic \- dooer, leaving the inner one secure. " I don't want to let her into that inner -,·plce,?' e had said to the doctor, " until 1 .- ve examined it again amyself, and can igive more tim, to it." Saita lingered for some time at the door of the inner ate; but dnally she took up the candle and reoYced her steps slowly with lsgging and reluotrgt move mset. At the foot of the stairslshe seemed to waver, and then, as before, she put the candl down upon the steps and went slowly toward the front of the house. Here, too, the detective had prepared the way for her, and set a limit to hes move ments. She found the door of Mr Deer lag'e chamber not only unlocked, but slightly jar, ed she entered redily They had thought it best not to cause \- reh slarm to Brook to- night, and so, while the dreedng-gown hung over the chair a befae, the slippers had been re ..oved. When the two watohers, keeping well in -Yh ear of the sleep-wslker,-rebehad the tum which brought them into the main ..b _ t7 sw, to thir saenonee, that ;?.::.?-?lljW~I urLMabeI ;ssidl c t s tka shadowy place; but a moment later the Schamber, at the door of which they stood was dimly illuminated, and they oould see from their station outside that Sarita had lighted one of the burners in the dressing room instead of those in the chamber, and that, leaving this burning low, she was again in the onter room and before the fire place. As on the previous night, she lifted the dressing-gown and thrust her arms into the sleeves, drawing it about her so closely that the loosily scattered roses on the pale ground tint seemed to stand out like dark spots upon a moonlit surface, and then o:es again she seated herself in the griat easy-chair. And now, as they stood close to the wall on either side of the chamber door, a a~und from below c suses them to start and simul taneously glide secross the threshold, where they stand pressed against the wall and intently listening. The sound comes from that part of the wide hall where Brenda's rooms are situated, and it sounds omoinously like the creak of a door opined quickly. There is silence for a moment, and then they hear another sound, and know it to be the soft trailing of a woman's dress across the hall floor. Into the mmd of each the same thought comes ; someone-Brenda or V.lentine, or perhaps one of their maids, has opened a door, and his diecoveted the sputtering and dymg hall lamp. No doubt the person is about to extinguish it alto gether. Brenda's rooms are not far down the hali, and cn the same aide as is that of eMr Deering, and almost opposite her door is Valentine's. Murtagh hopes that it may chance to be Valentine who is now so near them, and both men wish ardently that, whoever it is. the person wail not pass beyond the lamp in the direction of the front. The light from the dressing-room sheds dim rays across the chamber, and almost to the place where they stand, and Sarnta sits betore the cold grate as move. less as themselves. If she will but remain thus, until the person in the hall has rxiinguished the light and retired-if she does retire. Metntime, in the hall, a little below the open door, Brenda Deering stands looking up at the lamp, which is almost out of her , reach; she has scented, through the open transom above her door, the fames of the exhausted and smoking lmp, to which the two watchers, in their interest in Sirita's movements, had not given a thought; sad, perfect house mistress that she is. with a thought to the health and comfort of all her hounehold, she has ve.tured out; she has crossed the hall without once ~lancing about her, and she now raises herself upon the tips of her toes, and lifts her arm to the burner overhead. Then, something tempts her to glance about her, before putting the place, and herself, in darkness. All along the hall is the same dim quiet; I all the doors are elosed, and each, in its deep set casing, throws up a dark shadow, \--ll ?-she lets her arm drop at her side, and lowers her heels to the floor. What ails her vision P Why should that one place-the piece where her husband's door should stand-in the same depth of shadow as stand the others-why should she seem to sae there a luminous bar not of light, but of something less dark and dense than the shadow and above it P Was it a reflection ? She looks about her, and takes a few steps forward, and then she draws herself suddenly erect, and her eyes light up with indeInation. Breada Detring, w:th her flns aerv.s and sensible trainug, never thinkl of anything uncanny is what sls sees. for now she sno s star ter deel husband's room is open ; that tha weird light comes irom itsain. &Ad; she glides quickly forward, heart t-robbing angrily at the thuougot that some ,ne, d ubtiess of her oen hosekold, is pry. iag, desterating her dead huband's oe." tio playo she has kept as sacredly as is had b en in his dis. Wh l p parted, and quiver. tog, but no. nith fear, she creeps noissle.sly up to the doorway and stanls upon the thre-hold. She does not sees the dark form on either diie, and very near her ; all that she realises is thist te room is fi led with grey, dusky light- she cannot see the sJurce from where she stands- and that-sitting beforethe fire. place, dimly catltned, but just as she hi' often seen him, with one arm-clad in the rose-strewa grown,-and supporting his bins bead--ad with the other onutsteo:cne along tae arm of the chair-ab, the farilia attitue is -srtting thus is-Lymsader Deer ing-or his ghost. It lasted but as instant, tint thrill of horror, which, in another, less ?ane and strong, would have ended in a terrfiled shriek, that would arve aroused everysles psr under that reof; and than, with a low moan. Brania Deruing swayed, and would have fallen, but for the ready arms that caught and had her, close and tenderly. " Quick-the canle I' Felix Ware is bearing down the corridor, with quick, rols lsis strides, ant palpitating heart, a burden he would g!ally to'l and keep; ans Murtagb, with one swift backward glance at the figers in the chair, goes, with his fleetest stiiiest steps, to the place where tha cendle stiII burns tebhly upon the stain. By the faint light from the open win?ows, Ware can sce a wide couch opposite the door, and there, slowly, gently, and most reluc tantly, he laid her down; and when Murtagh appears with the candle he is kneeling be. side her. " Pot down," he says quickly, "she will soon revive; go back after her." And1 MIrtah goes back to the somnambalist. In the dim light the doctor kneels, his flaser upon the slender wrist, marking the I reviving pulse bets; there is a soft bresse, b!owing in through the opes window; ia a moment these lovely eyes will un:ose, and then-he stoops until his head is close above her own and one word escapu his lips in a hashed whisper; as if in response to it, the white lids ar e liftted, the3r eyes meet, and, tfr one short second, there is no veil between the so;lls looking out of those windows. rhen the brown eyes droop, and a sof colour steals over the paleness of her cheeks. a Do not speak nor stir, Mrs Daering," he says softly; "I can explain everything; you hive seen a sleep- walker, that is all 1" It is wsll that they are a'oue at that mement; for the teudernese that he must not, dare not, pet fate words, speaks in his voice, making words supcerose; and, for a moment, Brenda Derulng is glad to l'e with closed eyes, and let the strsge, new sensa, ion of rest and reassursane encompass and comfort herg. She does not understand it, and does not seek to; ad when a momeat later, he gently putt down the writa, is which the pulse is growing stronger, and tiing, uks, still with that linuesring cadence so strangely comfcrting: "May I ring for your masd F" she points mutely to she bell, which connects with J?dith'e room. The maid comes promptly, and the doctor, having made a brief explanation, and promsead to retern with " Mr Holly" a. soo as sha has recovered a little and regained hbr calmatres, goes in ssrch of the other part?is to this midaight episode; feeling somewhat anxlous and unMertain to the outcome. As he steps cautioasly out itao the hball, a lo'w aht" greets him, ad be stops short. Not six feet away from him Manutage stands flattened against the wall, sad, fjest outside Use door of Mr Dering's room, Sarits stands in the ettittde of one Ulstealog, Fur a little they stand so still, all three, that he can bher the tlckin? of his watch; then the womas waves her hbad, as if in gsaure to someone beyond her, stands a fewi moments as before, moves side, as if to allow someone so pus, looks back, or seems to, as iaJ seaeonse eaSedin the room, and Sailly comes glding toward the two watchers; she pauses at the turn mo the ball, looks back, and then goe on, faster now, and-though the hall here Is almout shroudedin darknes -with steps as sure as they are silent. This time, as before, she iguores the candle. which has been restored to its place upon the stairway,- and eaten hbe room, m =.= ?, ? ; ? _?es, "What did ye te1l her P" Martugh iegtis "The truth, of oursea" .h t it was sa eep walker, nothing more. But there must be an cxplanTtlon " "Will you mrak it? Wo hava about reched a point where I mast tell her of ome of oar discoveries. I can't gq on nntil do. B t-!I's too s0on-4 littlJ. Who is Wilh har '1" " Her maid." "Th dark womon f Well, she il a trnsty as attel I You can tell the story from the physician's point of view, gal no feir of the maid." He trned away. then-" You might jst say, for her benefit-I mean the lady's.-mad-the lady will on lrstaod it that I was dieturbsd by the noise, or that we were mutually aronued-" He broke off and ton ned toward hi own door with a #mile unon his lips; Doctor Fellx, with a gesture of acquiescence, was going, with long, silent stride, toward Brenda's boudoir. Brenda listens to his story of the sleep walklog in silent surpriss. He tells of his drat interview with Sarit. sad, as delicately as possible, explains the part Mrs Morton has taken in keeping the unpleausat busrione from Naism's master ani mistress; and Brenda listens with gant's words o! sympathy for the affMltet one. and kindly encomiams tfor good hire Mrton. "Poor Sarta 1 ' she murmurs when all is told. "She mut not be left alone after 'his I Bomeone mast remain with her at night, both for her ifsty, and to secure the inmaate of the home agait suh a fright tas I hava had to-night" But, a little to her surprise, Dctor Felix demurs. "It will not b wise, jsat now, to give Sarita a companion, It will be better not to let her Iream that her secret Is knowa. Such cases mast be dealt with most delicately. Than-he it interested it watching her symptoms. l short, will Mrs Daerlng trt I Sgritu' case to him. and b3 assure I that ste 1 shall bhare no mire caua for alarm l' etc., etc Of coarse he has his will. Brenda only stlpulating that she shaU be informed if Sarita's ces becmase worse, and that she shall be givea every passible medical aid and care. " Srlta," she says, i her tswet solIcitude, has been one of our hosrahold for half a life. time, aletost. Sa is devotedly attached to all of as, especially to Brook; who was, as you of coarse know, her noreifng, and always to Mr teering, to whom she could never be grateful enouab. And, inleed, my husband was a very good friend to hir." Sm sthing, a note in the last words causei Doctor Fel>x to lift his heid, whlch had been resting opan his hand, and to ask quickly : " May I ask-o you kaow-it she has any friends-ln this country P" " Her ?" he was certain of a little move ment of surprise upon har part, and then sle glancdi toward her maid. " I hardly know now; hera was a clrcamstance-some years ago-but it's a bit of SBita's family history -and will hardly interest you, or b3 4 pro poa" ' Pardon me. Anything you can tell me of Madam Sarita's past, will aid me greatly just now l" "It was ome years a'nce," Mrs Dering nrsmead, " tea, I sholl think-" * Pardon mel" the maid broke tn depreast iagly. "It is jut nine years ago." " Nine, thank you, Judith ; it yon can tell a Doctor anythln4 more, pray do as. As I wai saring, some nine years ago, Sarita came to my husband in great grief. She had f-uand in a New York paper an account of one of those horrible sauoon quarrelt, that we read of so often-and among those who weare hut.:, was the name of a san who was, sha was very sare, her brother. Har immediate family had boea, even then, pratty welt -cittered, and she only knew, of this brother, that he had been for eomn years in London, and that, at hr laist atcount of him, he con templated going to 0sad. She has had but one correpon lent from her owa country in all thts eus the has lived with us, ani that was a c 'usla. a woman of about her own age. I ihould think; her brothers, I believe she hu several, never wrote to her, probably coald not write " " It Is more than likely. And-aboat this newspaper matter I" he urged, "Pardon me. I am as digressuive as Mrs Nickeiby," she smiled faintly. "My has bund sesig her anxiety, took some pains to inqere into the matter, and (oa4 it to have been, in routh, Barita's bratihr who was injure; i it came oat that the man was rather disreputable character, and not altc iether a viatim in the affair Lbnt, of courue, Sarita's disoT.ry of a brother's prosvnce in this. to her, strange land, a-ouasd her very much, si manh that she made the one 1 uarney of her life, excepting, of course, the one across the ocean, and went to sn him " "Alh-and did he ever return that visit I" a hkt the doctor eagerly. " Yes. He came once, not long after-ia fact a soon a he was onuvalescent, I 'iould fancy. I chanced to be absnt at the time so did not see him " "Ah-then you can't tell ms if he resembled his re a -)r She hiam f " No;'` she turned to her maid who sat a little in the backgroont " Perhape JJadth can." "If you wish it, asdam," maraured, Judith. "I-wish it," aitl the doctor quickly, " ad Mnr Daruing permite it. I aa nua." " By all mesas," assentd Breada. "* What is it that you with maet to kaow t" uaked Judith as it in doabt. " Tell me all you can recall o this brother. Ihave my espclal resons for wilhing to know someth'ag of oae of luita's famiiy. Did you see mauch of him f" "Very little, sir. He came only to tbr kitchena door, and would never enter. He was not too well dre-ed-thouch I knew Mr Deringwas mrost genaerous to Suitar ad thet Irit agavehim moneJy. He eeroely stayed t ro days, and all that I ea tell i« that he seemed to want Narlta to take him in, to get him a place. I know that he askd Mr Daring to gve him wsrlk aboat the garden or stables; bat, ater seailg the man, an talking with him a llttle, he calle Barit atidde and tld her, very kindly, I om ran, that her brother was evidently cot fitted for either the gardea or a groom's place, and he advised her to let him go eleawhere." "And-'he west" " He went that day." " Have ryo heard of him since f" "No, sr. That is he never Camse back agais-bht he wrote to his siter after he wat awey." " Ah-jou he writs to her still f" " I cannotsay, ar. I have no heard her speak of him for a long tiae not intwo years, I am snre." Dxct r Ware thanked her for this ilaforma tioc, and pot a few qeetiona, thus getting a tragmentasy desription of thils prodigal brother. Ani wheanhdroppd the subject:t was with the fall intetion of talking with Judith api-end alone. CHAPTEB XLVIIL CONroEnIs THie AMLETHTsT I TTOf. The if after Beeada's trihtwas a qliet one at Hoh.-hwood; Brook did not leave his room and was very nUervonesad strange. He woold not be left alone for a momeat, and kept Brnce at his aide the greater part of the day. Doctor Ware alseo spent moch time there. As for Breada, for the frst time ince Lysander Deering' burial she did not appear at the breakfast table, sealing Judith b:low with her morning gretings ad excuses. " It is not that hb is really ill," the maid had aid in answer to Valentine's q'itlonr, " but ehe had not a good aight, sad feels the need of nrest-mad qaiet.-No, ehe needed nothing," this to Doctor Felis, " only nreporse, nd she would join thm at dinner, doubtle e." And this, indeed, she did lyng mea while, for most of the da, in pale ad serious tranquility, wondering why she should feel so etrangely onalm, and coam torted, in the midst of so mooh that was yet ad, ryaterlom, and shroaded in doubt. In the absenoe ead precocpation of the othere. Martagh saw a wlhed for oppor nityal, ad, while the sun w yet in the ut,-e aad Vale-iM, s- with her boek ecdbw« h b u wtt* t i s h d t u m l le m^1 ^ '1^ midst of the green north lawn, where none save the birds in the branches above couli posi?bly play the eavesdropper. Valentine Rodney was nothingit she war not direct-direct, perious, and fearless And they were scarcely placed, she in a swinging hammock and the disguised de teooive upon a bench close by, when she turned her dark eyes full up ,n him, with a shade of displeasure in their charming depths. Mr-Holly--I it is not too much of a secret-I would like to know why your, or my new maid, must needs rummage in my writing-desk, and among my letters P" The detective looked at kar with a glean of admiration is his eyes. " .o," he said, half-smiling, "you have found us out P Isa Rosa's hand lost its cunning, I wonder P" "Not at all; Rosa is very expert. Only, I chance to have a good eye for details, and fancying once that my desk hat been disturbed, I set a little trap-as it were." " And caught Rosa P' "No, only frustrated h-r plans, and looked my desk-- habitually leave it open-until I could ask you if this is a necessary part of your work-or-" "Or-if Rosa is doing a little wcrk on her own account, eh F" He moved along to the end of the rustic taes-a fete nearest her, and leaned forward. " We must not do RBsa injustice. And so-what if I say that she is only obeying me F" ' Then-1 ask again, why P" Murtagh's face grew suddenly grave, and his next words were uttered with quiet dignity. "Miss Rodney, have you withdrawn your conAdence in me F" " N-no," she said elowly. " No-but-" " Then listen ; and trust Boss a, myself. She swears by you already. If I wanted her to do you the 1, t hurt, I fancy she would throw up the gam , and turn her back upon me, practical, trained detective as she is. I [I tell you what she sought in your desk and among your letters, will you trust me. and ask no questions Re member, I am working even in.this matter -for you 1" A moment her eyes met and questioned his, then she said impulsively : "Tell me ! I do trust you. I must l" "I have a strong reason for wishing to see two specimens of handwriting. I hoped to find them in your desk, and to replace them, without troubling you or arousing your wonder and anxiety." " Whose?" " Shall I have them P" " Whose P" " Not Mrs Deering's,-and not Bruce Deering's." He paused a moment. "Am I to have them F" he repeated. " Yes !" " Have you a specimen of Miss Wa:dell's writing P" She started, and was silent a moment. "Yes," she said fl lly. "And-of Mr Brook Deering's P" "Brook's 1' again she hesitated. "Yes." "I happened to know that Miss Wardell called upon you, soon after your return from New York, upon some business con nected with a letter. Don't look so sur prised; I have not been quite idle, and the servants will pick up these little morsels. Are you willing to toll me about this visit F" Valentine's face was troubled. "Tais is necessary ?" she questioned. "Absolutely, and quite harmless as well This shall never come back to you. In answering me, in telling me all, you are serving yourself and your own ca'se-not me." "Then," said Valentine, sitting erect and putting her bock aside, " begin; I will tell you what I can." - " Thank you I But please resume your book, and let us seem, to any accidental observer-there can be no hearers-to be discussing poetry." They sat for a long time under the trees, lookingas idle and comfortable seposaible; but tiurtagh, by degrees, was piecing to gether the story of Ora Wardell's two visits to Beechwood : the irst to return the ex changed, or mis-sent letter from Brcok Deering, and the second to secure the valuable recipe for Mrs Pram. This, and much more; and, later in the day, Rosa's duty was lessened, much to her surprise, by Valentine's self, who, sitting down before her open desk, deliberately made up a small pacret, which she gave with a queer half smile into te maid's own hand, saying: "There, Rsa, take them to Mr HAly with my compliments! They areall there -and your hands are left clear for-some - thing else." There was a malicious little smile upon Valentine's lips, and an answering twinkle in Rose's shrewd grey eyes, but no further word was sp-ken upon the subject of the letters, and Rosa was in deed and truth quite idle for the time. For two or three days after this, the time passed in seeming uneventfulness. and the house was still very quiet. Brook Deering did not seem to rally from the nervous attack which had caused him to consult, and conude in, Dootor Ware; and he kept his room now almost entirely. The aervous symptoms seemed to increase, sand there were feverish symptoms too, with loss of appetite and sleep ; and when Doe tor Ware was asked about his patient's condition he gave evasive answere, or only shook his head and looked grave. In the serants' living room the case was discused with interest, and all agreed that it was growing serious. " It's my opinion," mid one of the house maids, quite aware that she was voicing the popular bellef-" It's my opinion that Mr Brook's going into a decline I He wa'n't never real ruaged, Mrs Merton says, eand he wa'n't half well when he come home that horrid night. He'd been sick, and then gittin' pitched down them horrid banks;) ny I but wasn't he lame I ad so pale I and then there's his pa's death, and that trouble about Mr Brnace,-the beastly shame that it is-it's been enough to break down a tcugh man, let alone him! Sarits says he's so like his ma I and she's afraid he'a ibnherited her constitution too !" During these quiet days, Bruce Deering we not often found in drawing-room or library, and Breada and Val, Mlurtagh and the doctor, were often a quartetse at lun cheon, and during the evening hours in the drawing-room. Bruce was nasally present at the breakfast and dinner hour, and he passed some time each day in his cousin's room, but the time of the "Matchin trial" was approaching, and nearl ever day, after learing his cousin. he rode nlato Pomret, where he spent much of his time in John Bedding's private ofoe; presumably in eoansultation with his lawyer. Mnrta?h, too, began to spend much of his time in the retirement of his own rooms. Among his numerous pretensions, in the charaocr of UDale Holly, was that of a scribbler of what he described as " brief etchings, o little Jottings," of his "reflotions,"upon the subjects which he *had studied alittle," and upon which, by the way, he could pross endlessly in the drawing-room. He always left fragments of the half-written "etchings" lying in loose sheets upon his roand table, much to the diagust of the maid, who, if she had given thought to the mattes, would have been ohligedto declare that, never, by any chance, was the least scrap of a letter left thus open to view. His oonre~pondent, to be in keeping with his aussumed charater, were very few, as he frequently delared, sad as his letters, of which he reeived not a few, cam first through Mr Bad sad later, some of them, a?nder ove,.to Doetor Ware, there was no occasion to doubt his statement. Beveral of these mysterious and bulky enolosures had reached him of late through the doctor, and h pased hours of his time p?aing the lntof his room ad m U down , Ideas" altstualy. day, meant, Ware felt assumed, something Important; perhaps imperative. But it was easy enough to join him after paying his usual morning visit to Brook. The ladies were below stairs, and Bruce was about to read the morning paper to the invalid. He had delivered an unusually thick packet to Murtagh on the previous even ing, addressed in a hand he had seen be fore, and post-marked New York; and he quite expected the forthcoming communi cation to concern, in some way, this com munication. But he opened his eyes in surprise, when, having seated himself opposite Murtagh, with the usual precau tions of closed door and adjusted screen, the latter began at once : " Did you sleep soundly last night ?" "Hear anything ?" Murtagh was look ing very alert and smiling. He was bend ing slightly toward his vised vie, and reminded him, by his attitude and expres sion, of the look he had seen upon the face of some victor of a sharp and closely contested game, at the moment of antici pated triumph. " Nothing," he answered, expectantly. " Well-not to keep you in suspense, I was wakeful, very; and-as a result-I have identified the other cat" "No P" ".Yea! and I was right! The one came from town, and on foot. No oowardice in that woman I The other-" There was a paper lying before him upon the table containing some lines of writing, and, below these, a list of names. He picked up a pen which lay near, and, drawing a long black mark beneath one of these names, pushed the paper across the table, with the look of triumph intensified, and without another word. Ware read the name and uttered a sudden, sharp exclamation; his face actually paling as he looked up at the detective. "Is this--beyond a doubt P' he asked after a moment's silence, and below his breath. "Beyond a doubt." " Great heavens I And what will you do-now P" " First-I'll ask your advice; I don't mind sayming to you that I never found myself in quite such a ticklish place rs this! It's-it's with a precedent in criminal history, I surely believe! And it leaves us as much in the dark as ever, upon one important point." " What point r' "The motive I Is that any clearer to you P" Ware shook his head. " I see none yet," he said gravely. " May I ask it this will enable you to make any movement aggressive or other f" '" It does-and it does not I That is if does not aid,it determines me. IDeering's trial is coming elose, and I must have my guns all planted and trained before that begins. In fEct, I should have made some move even if I had not made teia dis covery; I must! And first-will you go to New Y~rk ? I can't trustaayoue else.' " For what purpose f" "You remember the little I told you about the amethyst cuff Lutton, and Wiggins I" " Yes-that is, you told me that inch a thing was found, or said to be, by this fello a Wiggins and secreted by hun in the hope of making something out of it." " Yes. Well that's all I felt justified in telling then: now I'll tell you the whole story. And, to begin, you must know that amrs Deering, our hostess, once owned a set of this same pa?tern." Ware started violently, but Murtagh went on, as if un observant or the movement: "And in some way-for some reason, she broke the set, ana gave away the pair of cuff buttons." Doctor 'elix drew a briart of relsef at this potnt, so seep that Murngh cu.d not, or did nut, restate a smile, as he went on with his so:y : " One ot them she g.ve to ]Mr Brook Dlering-- h? other-to B:uce." ' Horrible! 'broke from the doctor's lips. "One of these buttons, or a fa:,imile, was found by Wiggins, sJ ,s cla'm', on toe very scene of the muder ; I tola you that P" " Yes.' But I did not tell you that Brace and Brook Deering have theirs still ; both nave been seen in their pessession since the murder. Now let me tell yen the whole history, eo far as I know is." Hi told it quickly snd graphically. How Wiggins had played "orovidesce," and stopped Wiggins' game, and of his own in terviews wit Brace and Wiggins. " I should not be telling you this," he ex plained, "even now, if I had not fiest obtained Mrs Doering's permission to do so, at need. And now I sant you take th:se two buttous,-aid I tell you they were made at MSiffany's --to take them to Now York, and fid out, if you can, it they have ever barn duplicated, and,it so,fcr skhm. Will yeos do it P going and returning at the earliest possible momentP Wait, one word in explanatiou,-I might trust this to a detective, tut I want for Mrs Deering's sake, to keep this matter among her friend. ; we don's know what may come of this, ad --" The doctor stopped him with a swift ges. ture. "One moment," tle said, -, Mrs D.er ig I doe she know P I will go with her consent, at her weah-aou wessitat "Then rest usatified; We talked this over yesterday out there ander the big oak, she and I, end-it may ease your mina ti know that she objected, or, at leart, demurred, when she thought I meant to entrust the buasinees to a ' professional,' but when 1 toll her I hoped you would go, she said she was sure you would know how to act and that she could trust you entire'y. She even oommissioned me to Msk you to ' do her this service.' for she now sees, al though she did not at first, that this mystery of the button must be cleaned up, in justice to all concerned." When Wamre had consented, which he did promptly now, and they had discussed the now and the when of the journey, the doctor said, by way of closing a long sentence: "I would like to watcb the progress of Brook Deering's malady from ay to day, but, perhaps' it will be beet to bring Doctor Liacom in and give him charge. I shalldepend upon you to lock Sarita in at night, of course; rnd by-the-by, I suppose you have those buttons ready to hand "Y' Something semed to amuse the detec tive very much, but, after a stifled laugh, he answered: "I have one, the one--as I have already related--given me by Wells. The other, doctor, I mean to steel to-night -and you muet help me," " I I-how ?"' "asily. We can't be squeamish in this case. You must declare your inten. tion to sit up with the invalid to-night; send William to the right-about, and give your patient some harmlsee sleeping potion. When the house is still, and the patient asleep, admit me-I'll attend to thereat." Doctor Ware had not put his hand to the plough to look baok,. even when brought face to faooe with this bhurglarious proposi tion. He said, ?fter a moment'es thought, and with resolute gravity: "Very well. I believe the end justifles the means. Does Mrs Deering know how you propose to get this seoond button ?" "Not she he prespam the onetobe quite sumient" He drew a sheet of paper toward him, and took up a pen " I'm going to order yor summons," he aid," that is, to wnts to the ofe re quemtla them to sea4d yeou a wire on the ltasa eUllr so to the eoty. This letter, I wishl dared telegraph, will be re?eived, let me see-to-morrow at noon; before night you will have your wire, and you can leave at once, by the night train." "And how them ean I Marrange with Li "i 'll arrange with Lis?om- that's easily done," ahe bealy lasshed ad encloed he letter, "Thre'seye must hddrees i," pahLag It aerein the tblS "mad pest ite wel e ew:,'m . a' , sseem. . we mid e~w, s Y·U maeege he was fully prepared to rummage for half the nighi, if reed be, was easily found in the very receptacle in which it had been exhibited to Brenda; this thrown care lessly into a drawer of Brook's desk, among letters, cards, pamphlets, and the usual debris of "odds and ends;" the drawer was not under lock and key. "I don't understand it I" Murtagh de clared; "but I'm welt enough pleased I If he misses it, he's sensible, for being sE e urelesa." "It would not surprise me," the doctor commented with an odd smile, " if he were not quite sensible twenty-four hours from now." 'What do you mean 1" demanded Mur. tagh. " Wait and see," was the only ans wer. (To be Continued ), 