An Intimation from the Unseen World, Lord Brougham in his life and times, written by himself, gives the following story:— A most remarkable thing happened to me — so re markable that I must tell the story from the bej ginning. After I left the High School (in Edin burgh) I went with G ? , my most intimate friend, to attend the classes in the University. There was no divinity class, but we frequently in our walks discussed and speculated upon many grave subjects, among others on the immortality ofi the soul and on a future Btate. This question and the possibility, I will not' say of ghosts walking-, but of the dead appearing to the living, were sub jects of much speculation, and we actually com mitted the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our own blood, to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear to tha other, and thus solve any doubt we had entertained of the ' life after death.' After we had finished our classes at the eollege, G ? went to India, - having got an appointment there in the Civil Service. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few. years I had almost forgotten him. Moreover, his family having little connection with. Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them or of him through them, so that, all the old schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly forgotten his existence. I had taken a warm bath, and while in it and enjoying the comfort of the heat after the late freezing I had undergone, I moved my head round towards the chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I waa .about to get out of the bath. On the chair sat G ? ,. looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was, that had taken the likeneBS o£ G— — , had disappeared. The vision produced such a shock that I had no inclination to talk: about it, or to speak about it, even to Stuart; but the impression made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have here written' down the whole history with the date December 19 and all the particulars as they are now fresh to me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the appearancee presented so distinctly to my eyes was a dream I ' cannot for a moment doubt. For years I had had no communication with G ? ; nor had there been anything to recall him to my recollection. Nothing had taken place during our Swedish travels either connected with G — 1- or any member of his family. I recollected quickly enough our old discussion and the bargain we had made. I could not discharge from my mind the impression that G— — must have died, and that his appear ance to me was to be received by me as a proof of a future estate. This incident happened on December 19, 1799. In October, 1862, Lord Brougham added as a post script : — ' I have just been copying out from my journal the account of the strange dream, 'cer« . tissima mortis imago,' and now to finish the story begun about sixty years einca. Soon after my return to Edinburgh th&ro; arrived a letter from * India announcing G ? 's death, and stating that lie had died on the 19th December,' 