THE GO^GE FAIR AND BALL. ' Christmastide is fast approaching, a time for merry gatherings and festive scenes, | though we cannot sit together ronndj the j Yule log, telling ghost stoiics that setsd us , all to bed with a delightful sensatiofe of crccpiness, or enjoy in j6ucb a -climateltbe plum pudding and hot roast beef of old £ng- I land ; }*et we look for same form of «-|}oy- ! ment - some break in the qniet routine of j daily life and work. Tasmanians arej un doubtedly a sociable, pleasure *loving people. | Thoy like brightness and gaiety, music! and flowers, pretty dresses and merry jlalk, aod for this rcafon , fancy .fairs, festi vals, and balls are always more or leu jsiic cesgful. People arc therefore lookingffor ward with no small amount of interest to the forthcoming fair and ball in connection with, and in aid of, the City anl Subjtirbs Improvement Association. ? ' No oiie .who has ▼i6ited the CaUract Gorge can fall to be | impressed with its grandeur^nd 'bfeau'tf, or I fait to appreciate the excellence of { the I work that has been carried out — wcqrk 'that I has been attended with dangers and fdi fa- culties only known to those who bavc accomplished it, j I In spite of the success that baaattcpdel the recmt festival at the Albert nall^it is anticipated that a large addition toj the fund of the association will accrue from the forthcoming fair and ball, to be held al lhe eud of tbe present month. Those whojean not fiod time to make all their 'goodies ' for Christmas will do well to purchase their puddings and cakes at the fair, wperc, 1 doubt not, dainties of all descriptions will be found. | Tbe ball will be held on Friday, Djcctnber 21, and promises to be an unqualified success. To suit the convenience of the public the dancers may be in fahcy ; costume or in plain cvenirg dress. It is desirable that new sets be formed to aid 10 the attractiveness of the scene ; it is not necessary that tbe .dress* e be all alike iucachset, and gentlemen 'uot-di siring to attend in fancy dresses with their partDvrs may represent a set by Wearing a badge or some emblem that will distinguish them from another eet. The charge for admission is a reasonable one to suit the time?, and those who choose to avail themselves of the. last dance of the season will have the pleasure of feeling that they have aided a I good cause, and derived and given a larg-i amount of enjoyment to tiieioseivts and i friends, I 