Humour. The next best thing to owning something is to be willing bo do without it. 1 A scientist has discovered that women live longer than men beoanse they talk more. < AB regards most men, it is lesg dangerouB to isjnre them than to put them under an obligation. ' The way to sleep is to think of nothing,' says a scientist. All an editor has to do is to ruminate over his bank aocoant. ' Have yon heard of the sad fete of the novelist Tajetti? He committed suicide from jealousy because the heroine of his latest story marries another man.' * Oh, for the wings ot a dove!' she sang, As she lifted her voice and curled her bang ; JNot that she wanted to fly, bnt that 8be thought they'd be nice to trim her hat. First Belle—' Then both Herr S&ulze; and Herr Lftbtnann had made her an offer of marriage—whioh was the lucky manF Siscond ditto—«Herr Schulze, Herr Lehmann married her.' • I notioe that yon alwaye sit at yonr wife's left, Mr.Meggu." 'Yea,' frankly returned lb. Megge, ' that's the side her glass eye is on.' What is the diSerenoe between a donkey in the possession of the Shah and a spiteful accusation ?— One is a Persian ass and the other it an aspersion. j Ethel—'Do yon allow is to kiss yon when yon are not yet engaged to him Maud—* It isn't an allowance. He calls it a perquisite.' Young Gotnix (sadly)—' I saw a sign in a window down the street that exaotly described my condition.' Jinks—< What was it?" ' Cash girl wanted.' ' I hear yonr son has become an actor ; how is he getting on?' 4 Very well indeed. He began as a corpse, and now he has already advanced to the role of a ghost.' Old Lady (in courtroom) -What a murderous-lookiog villain that prisoner is ! I'd be afraid to get near him. Her hnsband— 'Sh 1 that isn't the prisoner; that's the magistrate.— Bostwick—'So you followed my advioe, Jagoter, and tried the gold core. You found it cfiective, didn't yon f' Jagater—' Very. It took all my money and left me nothing to get fall on.'— Husband—«Woo 1 Hoo! Good land ! •Why do yon set that alarm olook go that it will go off like that just at bedtime f Wife ' That is to remind me that is'a time to wind it np, my dear.'— Miss Eiderleigh—' I wonder why they're introducing suoh old-fashioned dances. I can't manage to learn them.' Miss Ciustiqae— 4 Oh, the steps will all oome baok to you by and by!— Cholly—' It—aw—may be all wight, yon know, bnt I—aw—find it doosed hard to believe that are descended from—aw— monkeys.' Miss Smart (after looking him over)—'I^don't.'— ' Ah, love, I would like to listen to yon all night!' he said as he roee to go. Six months after they were married he chanced to stop out fiftten minutes after hie ustml hour of return, and hs had his detire gratified. Inquiring Child—' Father, there') a lot in this book about Othello. Who was Othello V Father—' Othello 1 Why, MSBS me, my boy, do you mean to tell me yon go to Sunday school and don't know a simple thing like that f I'm ashamed of you.' A yonng lady, oalled at a music shop and asked for soirething new in piano mneio. The derk asked her if it made any difference how many sharps there were in the pieoe. 'Oh, no,' she replied, 'not in the least; for if there are more than two I always scratch them out with my penknife.' Fweddy—' Aw—Mi«s Ginevwa, eould von —aw—live in a flat?' Miss Ginnvwa— • Yee, but not with one.'— Ciairette—' What are you going to give me, papa, when I get married ?'—Papa— ' My oonsent, Ciairette.'— Jones—' This cigar you gave me is a vile one.' Brown—' Yon don't know a good cigar when I give you one !' Junes—' Perhaps not; but I Enow a bad one.' Biiggs—' What a severe cold your landlady has.' Griggs—'Yes. She sat in my room ioz an hour yesterday.'— ' What will drive a man to drink quicker than a sharp tongued woman ?' Did you ever try a broiled salt maokerel i'— Hungry Higgins—' Wot'o right nowadays —t'ank yon, or t'anks ?' Weary Watkins— ' I anesa tanks wonld hit us about right.'— An Irish officer tells an amusing experience of his in the Indian Mutiny. He was one day inBpeotirg a Highland regiment, when what should he see standing prominently forward, as a sergeant, in kilc and phllibeg and all, but a tenant of his father's from the County Gil way. ' Murphy,' s%id he, is it a Scotchman yon am now ?' ' The devil a fear of me, Misther James,' replied Murphy, with indignation. ' I'm a Gal way Highlandher, and a Highlandher isn't a Scotchman at all.' —Flit- ftH&Bktter.; —Judgt. FitUSurg Dispatch. Truth. PueJt. Chieagd Stcord. New York Prest. Chicago Tribune. La Lafuette. Mw York Herald. Neto York Fret*. Indianapolii Journal. —Speaker. 