The Troubles of a Country Teacher. Yus, " troubles," but do not jissumo that I have no pleasures, for at no distant date I shall enumerate some of tho pleasures, but somehow we mortals seem to remember troubles when we have forgotten pleasures. As Shelley has so truly said : We look before and after. And pine for what is not : Well, I didn't "look before," but I certainly did look after, and now I intend to be a bit confidential. I am a country teacher, " far from the madding crowd." Round my habita- tion the sea-birds sail and the breakers roar, and something else roared too, but more anon. Milk is dear here, dearer than in Sydney, so my "better-half" said to mo, "Why don't you buya cow, dear?" "Bless my soul," said I, " so I will." My wife said, " Look what delicious milk we shall have, and frosh little pats of butter, and how healthy it will be for us all." I needed nb persuasion for my mind was sot on a cow ; so when Saturday came round I set out to buy a cow. I bought one, and what may bb surprising, paid for her i and brought her home in triumph. I Sho was a canny cow; I bought her from a Scotchman. Now, I didn't know much about cows, but " where there's a will there's a way" you know, so I said to myself, " I'll soon know all about a cow." I determined to milk her next morning, and retired to rest in a mild state of excitement, after having placed her in a paddock near for which I had to pay oighteen pence a week. The next morning I was up betimes and sallied forth to milk her. It was a rainy morning, but my ardour was not damped, so I got the pail, an old box for. a seat, and clad in-well, my apparel noods no description, sufficient to say I dress differently sometimes. The paddock was very near my house and I soon had tho cow bailed up, placed my pail in position and my box comfortably, and started to milk. I squeezed and pulled and tugged, but all in vain, the merest little dribblo was the only rest of my efforts. Apparently my cow had compassion on mo and seemed to know that I was only a "now chum" at this business, for she whisked her tail across my face two or three times as much as to say, "don't be disheartened." I took her advice and wont on. Methinks I wont too far, or, at least, tho cow thought so, for, without tho slightest warning sho jumped on ono side, performed a certain acrobatic movement, and I fell down, I may have boen knocked down-kicked down-I really can't say for certain, but something struck mo mighty hard. I got up from the mud and, with a bland smile, released tho cow, took my bucket and went homo. " Whore's tho milk ?" asked my wife. " Tho cow is dry," said I. Sho .looked, but, like a sonsiblo woman, asked no moro questions. ' Lithe end, with a kind neighbour's assistance, I learned to milk, but alas, my troubles were not over. Time rolled on, my wife complained of tho amount of water the COAV drank. There was no water in the paddock, so I had to carry water from our tanks. ; She was a very thirsty cow. It was astounding. There must have boon a drought in the interior. , One day she caught a cold or a cold caught her. Give her a bran-mash," said a neighbouiv I gave her ono ; I really thought that tho cow would give up tho ghost. She pulled through. They told me afterwards I shouldn't have mixed Epsom salts and vinegar with the bran. Warm water, too, should have boen used, not cold. . At last the cow did go dry. I gave her all kinds of food-stuffs. She ate them, her appetite was marvellous. My wife complained of tho heavy bills for cow-feed. I was like a devoted father to that cow but she would keep dry. Atlast a calf came. I wish it hadn't como. Ono day wo branded this calf ; it went nearly mad and made a hideous row, it simply roared. My wife said we wore tor- turing the poor dumb creature. I explained that calves always tnindo a lot of fuss about anything.! Tho remark seemed to;subdue hor ; she, however looked at mo very reproach- fully as much as to say "you; cruel man." Well, my calf was branded, and, at last, I determined, to send it across tho bay to a selector, ? who had offered to graze it for mo. 1 I ar- ranged with some blacks to take the calf over in their boat, so . ono day when ' I happened to' be away they took tho'calf, tied its logs, and carried it to their boat, put it in, and went up the town. , Tho day was hot. Tho blacks did not return. My wife's kindly heart was filled with pity for this calf, so she sent the girl to give it a drink from our dipper. Tho girl wont readily enough. Now, that calf had got one of its legs free, and when the water was offered it, the ungrateful beast kicked / tho (dipper into the sea, andLwith 'a.beUpw torri fiod the girl; who afterwards vowed tho thing "frothed at the mouth, glared upon her, and gnashed its teeth with rage." She was a super- stitious girl. She. staggered up to the house, then fainted, recovered, and " gave notice." My troubles seemed greater than I could bear. At last the culminating point was reached. My cow broke out of the paddock into a neighbouring flower and kitchen garden, and there she revelled. Yes, revelled. I had to pay thirty shillings damages. I told the fai'mer to keep the calf. I sold the cow. We buy our milk now at sixpence a quart.-JV. S. IV. Educa- tional Gazette. 