CHILDREN. [By Rev. J. OSWALD, D.D., Principal of the Presbyterian College, London.] " Who are they that shall go ? And Moses said, we will go with our young and with our old, with our sons and with our daughters."— Exodus x., 8, 9. In his natural reluctance to lose his slaves the Pharaoh gave way inch by inch. Each fresh concession had to be wrung from him by a fresh plague. But his proposition this time was a prepos- terous one. A deliverance that left all the children behind in the land of bond- age had been no deliverance at all. "What? The bones of our fathers we must perforce abandon in the Nile mud ; shall we abandon as well our living sons and daughters?" And just so, it might occur beforehand to any reflectihg mind, that a place of their own must be found for the little ones in God's better redemption, the redemption from sin. A deliverance of men from the grasp of the evil one, which should ignore our family constitution by leaving the ungrown children out of reckoning, must appear a truncated sort of deliverance, strangely unsuitable for such a race as ours. For the most striking feature perhaps about our race is just the way in which its individuals are bound together by blood and by generations, so that they share each other's fortunes through a law of hereditary descent. By this law of descent the child inherits both his parents' constitution and his parents' social status or social position. As this law of descent or, as it is called nowadays, heredity has played a huge and melancholy part in the past religious history of mankind, it is only fair that it should be utilised on the side of good as far as it may be. If Adam begat a son in his own fallen image, humanity was tainted, unhappily, at its source; and so the taint went down in virtue of that same law of descend, trans- mitted through the blood which is common to us all. The virus, the contamination of a de- generate moral constitution has come to us by this inheritance, and in this Bible teaching you have the most flagrant illustration of the law which the late Mr. Darwin lifted into such scientific importance. That the law applies to mental and moral features as well as to physical every ethnologist knows, and any common observer can see. For racial characteristics are nob merely physical. Intellectual gifts also characterise special breeds of men, such as artistic taste, or a quick wit: and so do moral qualities, like valor, enter- prise, and courage. The same is seen in family- history, where traits of character reappear in one generation after another, just as the color of the hair reappears or the curve of the jaw. In fact it is impossible to separate mental and moral peculiarities from those which belong to physical structure, because the two are closely connected; they act and interact in a way which we are only beginning to study and cannot be said as yet to understand. The operation of this law by which natural qualities are transmitted is of course heightened very much by the fact that a man's surround- ings are transmitted too; his favorable or his unfavorable environment, that as a rule passes on to his offspring; and the effect of bringing up a family in the same circle of life in which the parents move is that the social advantages or disadvantages of a parent continue to tell in the same way for good or for ill on the development of the child. And so what came to us first in our bone and blood is confirmed to us by our up- bringing, whether it was a-gracious or a calamitous inheritance. A man unhappily born and reared may, of course, struggle against his evil fortune, but we cer- tainly see well enough how this law of transmission, and , the consequent law of education which comes after it, is one method by which God visits, as the Bible says He does, the sins of the fathers upon their children to the third and fourth generation. The heirs of a spendthrift or a gambler may long have cause to curse his folly for their impoverished estate; and equally has the child of a libertine or a drunkard to suffer in his impoverished constitution for vices which squandered what should have been his best patrimony, a sound and healthy body. A good many of us come into life into this way heavily handicapped for the race by an inherited strain in the blood which pre- disposes us to forms of disease—predisposes us, in some cases, to forms of sin. Evil pro- pensities are heritable. Animal passion, craving for stimulants, indolence, pride, hot temper, obstinacy—are these not things we | receive from our parents, and transmit in turn to our offspring? But, on the other hand, freedom from such unhappy tendencies, such infirmities of dis- position, can be transmitted no less. A physical basis at least for a clean, wholesome, happy life can be cultivated and bequeathed. Pure blood, temperate habits, good temper, good sense, self-control—these are features which tend to reappear in a man's descen- dants, and they are strengthened by the simple, well-regulated mode of living in which the good sons of good parents are reared from their childhood. Thus they become more pronounced, and one well-disposed and well-bred generation hands down its lucky legacy to its successor. In this way a very strong natural bias, may be gene- rated in favor of a virtuous and respectable character. Is it not a comfort to think that this mysterious law thus applies for good as it has told so fatally for evil in the world? There is material here, I think, for devout thanks- giving to God on the part of all of us who were the children of God's, people, and who have been brought up in a pious home. There is also some hops suggested here to those parents who are striving to bring up their children well. You are working in the line of God's own natural laws; forces that lie deep hidden in the constitution of things are working with you; and you are helping forward the gradual, if slow, elevation of our degenerate race. But this law of heredity needs to be taken, as the Prophet Ezekiel long ago pointed out, with some limitations. For one thing, there is no fatalism in its operation. Students of the subject are very well aware that striking exceptions do occur even to the action of heredity. A wise father may beget a foolish son; a child may display a disposi- tion quite the opposite of his parent's. But more than that. Even when the inherited bias to good or evil is most strong, it always leaves full scope for individual responsi- bility and self-determination. Personal choice is always free. The effect of inherited dis- position is to make good conduct or bad con- duct more easy to choose, but never inevitable. No son is compelled to be either a saint or a rogue because his father was one. "I find," says Thomas Fuller, " the genealogy of my Saviour strangely chequered with four remark- able changes in four immediate generations. Rehoboam begat Abiab—that is, a bad father begat a bad son; Abiah begat Asa—that is, a bad father, a good son; Asa begat Jehoahaphat—that is, a good father good son; Jehoshaphat begat Joram— that is, a good father a bad son. I see from hence that my father's piety cannot be entailed—that is bad news for me : but I see, also, that actual impiety is not always hereditary—that is good news for my son." And so when parents are tortured by the weight of responsibility which attached to their influence, voluntary or involuntary, upon the future of their family it is some help to recollect that God has sajd, "All souls are mine; as the soul of the father, so also the soul of the son, is mine." We beget separate personalities that have to answer each for its own action. And, blessed be God! over every human being, be the parentage what it may, there hangs the care and breath of the Father of all spirits; over each He watches as over His child, not yours; each of them He trains, each of them He draws to Himself. His grace ever at hand to implant the seed of better life, to correct congenital de- fects, to strengthen congenital weakness of character; and the final shape that is assumed by the moral nature of each of us when we are grown up is determined far more by what we have welcomed into our hearts of the love of God than by anything our parents be- queathed to us. That which is ultimately to determine your fate and mine is not that factor that went to the making of us which came from our fathers, but that factor which, under God, came from ourselves—what we made of our. inheri- tance. But our own actions, therefore, we are each of us to be judged at last, so that whatever truth there may be—and there is much truth—in the proverb, "The fathers have eaten sour grapes, and the children's teeth are set on edge," it remains true, on the other hand, that "the soul that sinneth it shall die," and the soul that repenteth it shall live, for "I have no pleasure in the death of him that dieth," saith the Lord, "therefore turn ye and live." Enough, however, has been said on this remarkable law, graven deep on the constitu- tion of human nature, which gives to parents, as you see, a powerful, though not an all- powerful, influence over the moral develop- ment of their offspring. I want to point your attention now to the application of this in the history of the kingdom of God. It was to be anticipated that God's curative economy, His healing, all remedial economy of redemp- tion, would work along under similar lines, utilising the forces that lie in human nature, taking advantage of these natural forces. It was to be anticipated, I say, that in His method of saving men from sin God would, working down the ages, recognise this law of descent and the family institute which it formed. It was inevitable that the children of the saved should have a higher chance of being themselves saved than those of the unre- generate and evil. This superior advantage on the part of the children of good people could be no unfairness to other children, be- cause it left others no worse off than they would have been without it; whereas it would have been unkind, and even unfair to the offspring of the godly not to let them reap such advantage as was possible from a law of nature, under which we have all reaped the most terrible disadvantage. Accordingly, we find that from the first call of Abraham the plan of re- demption was worked upon what may be termed family lines. One strain of pure blood was notoriously selected out of the heathen world, transplanted into a separate soil, and kept there artificially unmixed. The family was made the unit on which the sacred covenant people was built, and plainly with this for one end in view at least, that both heredity and home influence might tell, and, as time went on, might tell increasingly, in favor of a pure religion, of a high development of morality. It was a case of culture, that is, of artificial selection and inbreeding, to speak in the language of the scientists, with a view to the modification of the type; because from this Jew stock was in due time to proceed both salvation and the person of the Saviour for mankind. With this end in view, the race was kept as pure as possible, and carefully cultivated from sire to son, with' the view of providing a kingdom of priests, a holy nation, to be the organ of Divine grace for the spiritual and religious enlightenment of the world. The end was in part attained. Of the Holy seed there came at last that supreme blossom on the stalk, the Messiah; and Europe, and the later civilisation that was to be, received its Gospel and its Christian faith at the hands of men who were the children of long generations of prophets, Hebrews of the Hebrews. That is obvious. But under the New Testa- ment the family limitation of' course ceased, its purpose being served; and the advantages of being born of godly seed are consequently not quite so prominent—so much less promi- nent that some suppose them to have disap- peared altogether. There are those who imagine that the family has no longer any value as a factor in the Kingdom of God; no recognised place as such in the arrangement of the church or its privileges. It would be most singular if it were so. So com- plete a breach with the past, so entire an ignoring of natural laws, would be most unlike the usual procedure of Providence. It would be especially strange, I think, to ignore the family in the Church, seeing that the Church itself is, in fact, only a sort of transfigured and glorified family. Under the New Testa- ment, more even than under the Old, the society of, the people of God appears in the character of a spiritual household—not a nation now, but a family. "One is your Father, and all ye are brothers." The mystery of natural birth is the chosen emblem for our spiritual regeneration by the Holy Ghost; the' basin that washes the newborn babe gives rise to the font of regeneration—its spiritual renewing; the daily family table where the children gather becomes the memorial meal at which Christians gather to feed upon the Bread of Life ; and the tie that binds together the disciples of Jesus is fraternal, the Iove of men who, being all alike sons of God, are alike the brethren of the eternal Son of God. The family, in short, is the type of the New Testament Church, and it would he strange were the Church in its arrangements to pay no heed or do no honor to its type in nature. 