Siiia@iiieiita. . DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES. [By Touchstone. I. .... An excellent programme is in comrse of preparation for the farewell dramatic and musical entertainment to be tendered to Herr ; and Madame Siebert on Tuesday evening next. The vocalists will include I Messrs Fred. Ferguson, R.. A. M'Eachern, I W. H. Savigny, and Miss Ida Cox. Mr Balfe will recite Lord Byron's Btirring poem the 'tEve of : Waterloo,' for which I Herr Siebert has prepared special music for the full orchestra. ,The music will be indicative of the memorable ball at Brussels on the eve of the battle, the fight in the distance and gradually coming closer, the parting of friends, the call to arms, the march of the Cameron men, the march through the. forest of Ardenne, the battle of Waterloo, and the requiem for 'the unreturning brave/' The poem when given with the battle music is one of the most stirring in the English language. Mr Savigny will introduce an entirely new comic ditty by George Grossmith, entitled .'See me Reverse.' The balcony scene from ??' Eomeo and Juliet' will', be given with the incidental scenery and dresses, Mr Hammond appearing as Romeo and Mrs O. Balfe as Juliet. The final number on the programme ; will be the Ghost 'Scenes from: Hamlet,' in character, Mr Balfe I enacting the title role, -Mr Hammond the Ghost, and Mrs Balfe the Queen. . \The scenes will include the great act between Hamlet and the Queen. For the Shake sperian selections Herr Siebert, has . ar- I ranged special music, which will include I the celebrated 'Ghost melody.' 'The full Orpheus Orchestral orchestra will appear. I Dr. Manning ton Caffyn, husband of the I authoress of ' A yellow aster,' iB writing a drama for Mies Janet Achurch, the actress who toured Australia with the eccentricity entitled 'A doll's house.' I Mr W. J. Holloway opened Terry's Theatre, London, on August 30 with a new farce by Lestocq and Robson, called ' The Foundling.' It is described as the best piece of itB class staged for years. Among; the audience at the first night of 'The Foundling' were Miss Paittie Browne, MisB Ada Crossley, and Mr F. H. Vincent. ' Mies Pattie Browne was to have been engaged for Polly Eccles in the revival of 'Caste' at the Garrick Theatre, but Mrs Bancroft insisted that the part should be played by an ingenue whom she herself could coach. , , W. S. Gilbert, the comic opera librettist, does almost the whole of hia writing after midnight, and needs absolute , quiet and seclusion, although he does not adopt the . plan of Pierre Loti, the French Rudyard Kipling, and work in a room, at the top of a high tower, reached only by means of a rope ladder, which he-pullB up after him. The cast for Mr Gilbert's new comic opera, which was to be produced at the Prince of Wales's Theatre, London, on or about October 13, will include' Miss Nancy M'Intosb, Miss Jessie Bond, Miss Ellaline Terries, Miss Jenoure, Mr George Gros . smith, Mr Rutland Barrington, Mr Le Hay, Mr Arthur Playfair, Mr Cremer, and Mr G. Temple, and Mr Kenningham. ( 'Mr A. Clifton Anderson' (says the Era), ' after a two years' tour as Wilfred Denver in .' The Silver King,' will return to Australia as Messrs Williamson and Musgroye'd leading man and stage manager, sailing from England on Septem ber 7.' Mr Alderson is the excellent actor whose Duke of Guisebery was such a ? notably fine peiformance in the production of ' The Dancing Girl' at Her Majesty's three years ago. ,....- Mrs Palmer was presented with a cheque for JB250 by the Mayor of Melbourne recently as the outcome of her benefit con cert. : M. Got has requested the administrator of the Frangais to allow, Jiim to give a series of performances in all the principal roles of his long career prior to 'his retire ment from the stage. . '??-??? Mise Cissie LoftuB, ? whose imitations 0$ popular actois, singers, and variety per formeis have been very popular with music-hall audiences for some little time past, was (it appears from an announcement in The Times of September 1) married, on August 29, in Edinburgh, to Mr Justin Huntly M'Carthy, who is the sou of Mr Justin M'Carthy, M.P., and who himself sab in the House of Commons for some years. Miss LoftuF, whose agt, is said to be seventeen, made her first appearance at the Gaiety Theatre not very lontr ago, and had been performing recently at the Palace Theatre. The marriage, it appears, was ' before the Sheriff.-' . Mrs Brough's farewell to Melbourne' playgoers on the 12th inst., formed the occasion for. a great display of friendly feeling on the pait of the audience, and the evening was one of recalls and flowers. Of course, the popular actreas had to make the I usual speech, which was as follows :— ' Ladies and Gentlemen,— I really do not know how to thank you, or to tell you how sorry I am to be leaving you, and how I delighted I shall be to see you all again. (Applause.) The main object of my visit I to England is that I may have a holiday, which I feel sure will do me good, but, of course,' if I get an opportunity of * appear ing in London— which I should very much I like, as evviy aitisb vould— and should I make any success thero, I shall owe it all I to the experience which I have . gained in I Australia, and to the kindness and en- I I cpuragement which I have always received I at your hands. I should regard it, as I I hope you all would also, as the success of I an Australian artist— (cheers)— -as I. feel I proud, to call myself. (Great cheers.) I can only thank you again far all your kind* netss to ine. I shall' remember it wherever rl may be j and now it wish you all pros perity and happiness until we meet again.' 1 I -(Prolonged cheer's.).' ..',_; ? .. ? - 'Too many words and' too much Eiton.' ' This ' is how 'the AusiraVasian sums up 'Morocco Bound.' 'Jit 'that we think lies the main fault of the production,' continues the' critic. tr.Mr Elton is an admirable J comedian, and considering that many of hiB most popular successes have been baBed entirely upon ? gag,' hie may perhaps be j excused for adopting that method in pre ference ? to others.- But in ' Morocco Bound' tbere is altogether too much of it. At times the audience cannot help feeling an ennui which 'moat seriously threatens the fortunes of the play, and' which prob- I ably accounts for the comparative failure I of the Sydney season. In the opening of I the : second act, for instance, the interest notably flags, and it would be a great im provement to cut out some 15 minutes or so of the dialogue,) including one particular portion, which we may best describe by a I quotation from one of the principal songa m.the 'book : — . ....?? . 'Well, it is a bit 'ot, eh, what ? what ? what? ' ; ' It's rather warmish, aint it ? I 'Ducrow's principle to 'cut' the patter and' come to ;. the 'oases' ; could; never be better exemplified than., in this particular product ioa ;, for the moment that the music-hall business is reached a complete change takes place in the manner of the audience. ' , ?. : ? .?::?;.. Under the title of 'Falstaff,' a capital parody of Verdi's opera has beep produced in Paris. at; the Champs-Elysees circus, The fat knight is more corpulent than ever, but his superfluous flesh does not incon venience him, as it can be thrown off when he pleases, and then blown out again like a balloon. A clown who impersonates Mis tress Quickly is very amusing, and a horse which finds the hero hidden in the buck DaRKec sets tJae epectacors in a roar. . Mr Charles Ryley appeared for the first time in England since hia return from Aus tralia at the Prince of Walee's Theatre, Birmingham, as Captain Goldfield in 'A. Gaiety Girl.' He ' made a very good impression, his vocal powers being of no ordinary character' (remarks the Bra)' The baritone U only appearing with the provincial company for a fortnight to learn his part, as he sails from England with a different ' Gaiety Girl Company' by the City of Berlin on September 1, opening at Daly's Theatre, New York, on September 17\. Tho company, which also includes MessrB Fred. Kaye, E, Bantock, and Louis Bradfield, Misses Maud HobBon, Juliette Nesville/and Decima Moore, leaves San Francisco in March, and opens the Aus tralian season in Melbourne early in April. 'In Town' will be the only other piece in the repertoire. At the close of the tour Mr Ryley will hasten back to London to fulfil an engagement at Daly's Theatre in October, 1895. A new five- act play by Mr Haddon Chambers and Mr B. C. Stephensoa, en titled ' The Fatal Card,' was produced at the London Adelphi lately. It proved to be a very exciting and picturesque roman tic drama of the typical Adelphi school j it was received. by a typical AdeJphr audi- ' ence with great applause ; and it was spoken of by the papers next morning in terms'of ? high favour. It opens with a very effective. y prologue at some settlement in Colorado,, where Gerald Austen, who has been driven from home by the harshness of his father, bravely rescues George Forrester from a ' band of miners who have sentenced him to ?? death in accordance with the verdict of , Judge Lynch. Casting about for some token by which he may ai tar wards identify ? his rescuer, Forrester tears in half a card— a Jack of Clubs— and hands a piece to Gerald. When the curtain rises after, the prologue we find Forrester li.ing in great luxury ,with his affeotionate daughter, but compelled by .his needs to continue his fraudulent pursuits. Gerald does not re cognise Forrester in - the gentle and respected ' Mr Marrable,' and is even in love with Margaret Marrable at a time when her father is Becredy plotting with a, . scoundrel named Dixon to rob the elder ! Austen of bonds to the value of .£100,000. The offices of Mr Austen and Marrable ad join each other, and the stage represents a : section of each with the landing between them. Here the spectators see the two scoundrels on the watch, while Gerald is engsged in the angry altercation with his ?' father, and are witnesses of tre attack upon him as soon as Gerald has gone. It ends . in murder by the hand of Dixon, who is impelled to the act by the fact that'the old man, whom he had attempted to over 1 puryei.\vvj.LU UU1U1UJ.UJLLU, uuo reuugmsea Q1S I features, i. The fatal blow is administered . (with a stick which Gerald has left, though I suspicion, is necessarily brought upon Gerald ; but Margarnt, in fact, has lighted on the secret of her father's guilt, and with solicitude for his escape prevails on Gerald to secrete himself in the laboratory. Here is a witness to the scene of the division of ? the plunder, and confronts his father's murderer and hia associates. Gerald is I overpowered and bound, and his captois draw lots who shall kill him. The task ' ?'? falls to Marrable, who places on tho table a box charged with a terrible explosive, having 'first wound up ita clockwork ap paratus. Gerald asks only that a case con taining a portrait of Margaret and other relics may be taken from the breast-pocket ' of his coat. , Thus the half of the fatal . card is brought to light, and Marrable, re- ','.... cognising his deliverer, remorsefully cutB the cords. The terrible box, however, io. still clicking on the table when Margaret !! rushes into the room, and Gerald, Beizin^ . it just as Marrable is leaving the place, ; hurls it through the window. . A terrible . :l explosion follows, destroying the outer walls and killing the guilty Marrable, but ; as the smoke clears away the two lovers are seen safe and locked in each other's ? .- ; arms. Mr Terriss took the part of Gerald. . Miss Mill ward that of Margaret. Mr Nichols, Mr Murray Carson (Marrable), Miss Laura Linden, Mr Purden, Mr James ' A^ipgdon, (Dixon), Mr Charles. Fulton's Austen, Miss Vane, and Mies Sophie Lar- ??? kin are in the caate. , ,. , . 