STAGE, SONG AND SHOW- "LADY WIN DERM EEL'S FAN." Oscar Wilde's Well-Known Play. Success of "The King of Crime"— "The Flying Scud" to Suoceed— New Artl9ts.at the Tlvoll— HIs- oock's Minstrels at the School of Arts— The Aihatnbra Re- ) Opened— The Belle Cole Concerts. Tho allotted twelve performances of "The Baublo Shop " terminated at tho Lyceum Theatre last night. If wo are not to seo Mr. Jones's play again we shall remember it as an example of hope created in two acts and dashed in a similar number. Of the excellent mannor in which it was presented thore will always be a favorable recollec tion. To-night the store of now plays will be furthor drawn upon by tho production of Oscar Wilde's " Lady Windermere's Fan," whioh for the "smartness" of the dialogue rather than for any special dramatic aspira tion was for some time tho talk of play- going .Liondon. Centred amidst tho sur roundings of titled worldlings the interest attaches mostly to tho re lations between Lord YVindermero and Mrs. Erlynnc. The latter, who loft her home when her daughter (Lady YVinder- mere) was but a child, is unknown to her daughter in that relation, but only as a fashionable woman who exerciseB a strange fascination over Lord YY'inder- mere. The frequent visits of that goutloman (who is quito aware of the relationship) to Mrs. Erlynue's house, the subsequent indiscretion of the jealous wife in visiting the rooms of Lord Darling ton and the compromising meeting there of all the parties concerned form the main in cidents and provide the principal dramatic interest of the play, As wo have already pointed out, "Lady Windermere's Fan" may be expected to display the erstwhile apostle of !U3thotici3tn as a writer of witty and polished dialogue. The members of the Howe-Spong Dramatic Company are expected to reach Sydney from Auckland in the Rotomokana on Sun day. After a few days' rest in town a start will bo made for Newcastle, where on Queen's Birthnight a season will be com menced. Mr, YY'ultor Spong's many friends Would be delighted to know that tho tour has been financially successful. Reference was made in terms of con gratulatory enthusiasm to the success at tending the run of "The King of Crime" at J 0 vJf 0 AllCClllC, UilU WC Wlcil UUIll' tncndod Air. Rignold for his wisdom in tho selection of tha play in question. To- day, looking back niton a week of oofy prosperity, we aro inclined to furthor congratulate tho management upon the success that is attending the production. But there is of course much upon which to congratulato the public in finding available such acceptable entertainment. At present there aro no symptoms of an imponding change, but when tho baromoter points that way "The 1 lying Send" will bo in readi ness. To-night Mr. Harry Richards, the inde fatigable seskor after tho good things of the variety profession, will make an excep tionally strong appeal to Tivoli patrons. Ho has securod for this evoning Mr. Dan Tracey, the famous Irish song, danco and sketch comedian ; , Herr School, the clever drum soloist, Messrs, Delohcry, Craydon and Holland, who arc too popular to need any introduction, and Miss Alma Obrey, a fotching serio-comic artiste. " Sisters," a new vocal ballet, will be in cluded in the bill. The entertainment which Mr. Hiscocks and his Federal Alinstrels provide at the School of Arts has met with evident ap preciation on each evening of the week. If good wishes can bring success to the venture Mr. Hiscocks has three and a half tons of them. After a period of gloom and uses foreign to its purpose the Alhambra Alusic Hall will reopen to-night to provide entertain ment of tho variety sort, Mr. Georgo Gibbons, who has secured a lease of this popular house, uuuounces that hu has made every effort to Bocuro talent worthy of public patronage, and, moreover, ho darkly hints at original ideas, which in these days of the beaten track are more scarce than hymns in Hades. Popnlar prices are an nounced. With each succeeding concert of the Belle Cole series come new revelations of pleasure, and tho fortunate hearor becomes more deeply impressed with the rare excellence of the combination of artists, whoso presonce in this country is a matter of so much con gratulation. The work last Dight was again of an altogether admirablo character, and tho enthusiasm was as usual boundless and irrepressible. Tho profound intensity of fooling and rich vocal quality with which Madame Colo Bing tho plaintively-beautiful "Lascia ch'io Fianga " of Handel (the recit. being finely given) brought about tho inevitable recall, arid in responso Aladamo Colo Bang very charmingly "Love's Old Sweet Song." Followiug a superb rendering of tho Gounod sercnado "Quand tu Chantes" Aladame Cole returned and sang "Annie Laurie," and this ugaic provoked Bitch groat enthu siasm tin- 1 a further demand was made, the ariLtn graciously responding with Aloi- luy'a " 'l'he YVaggoner." An example of dramatic singing of tho most exalted order was Mr. Newbury's rendering of the gruud soena, ,"Lend Me Your Aid" (Gounod). Following a perfectly given reoi.. the tenor sang a splendid tuppliration with a wealth of vocal baauty and an. artistic finish that promptly es- taliiulied the effort as ono of the finest ever heard by a Sydney concert audience. Atelier's "Alice, YVhere Art Thou 1" sung with delicato sweetness, was the encore. Later Mr. Newbury gave an exquisito rendering of Clay's "I'll Sing Thco Songs of Araby " with a sustained falsetto noto to close. Pinsuti's "The Last YVatch" was added. The purity, sweetness, aDd culture of Miss Emily Spada's voice was employed with charming results in Spohr's lovely "Roso Softly Blooming," to which tho Bingar imparted all tho roposoful beauty suggested by the theme. Equally fine was Miss Spada's singing of Goring Tbomas'3 sweet song, "A Summor Night," a fino piece of writing, tho 'cello obligato of which was played with sympathetic breadth by Mr. Strauss, Mr. Charles Magrath put his very best work into a very fine rendering of tho recit and aria, " O Ammerabiie," "Al Nome Tuo Tomuto" ("La Selva Incautata," Righini), after which to hash tho clamors of his hearers the young bass sang with gnnuir.o humor and a thick brogue, " Father O'Flj nit," A.Davidson Arnott's "I Love Tiled," an impassioned lovo song, was suc cessfully sung by Mr. Alagrath later in tho evening. I11 additiou to tho largo and allegro from Tartini's violin and piano due. Mdlle. Murkcns, tho young Dutch violinisto, played with admir- tblo bteadlh and smoothness of tone' and delicacy of feeling the andante from the Mendelssohn Concerto in E minor, to the pure beauty of which tho artiste gave fine expression. Delightful, too, wao the lady's playing of tbo Piernc "Serenade," which, in muted tones, was given with charming grace. A well merited recall followed. 'I be concerted numbers were the duet " La Ci Darem," capitally aung by Miss Spada and Mr, Magrath, and "O, Memory," 1? which the voioos of Madame Cole, Miss Spada and Mr. -Newbury beauti fully blended. Mr. J. E. Sykes was, of course, the accompanist. During tho evening— it being tho anni versary of Madame Colo's birthday—the famous artiate waB presented with lovely bouquetB by the other members of the company. For thie evening a specially fine pro gramme has been arranged. Madame Cole will sing " O Mio Fernando " and Goldy's "Slumber Song." Mr. Newbury will sing (by request) "The Holy City," and "Come Into tho Garden, Maud." Miss Spada will sing Mia Picirelln," and Mr. Magrath will sing the famous "Infelicc." Air. W. H. Poole has engaged for Aus. tralia Master Cyril Tyler, the finest boy soprano in the world. Miss Hope Dudloy, who was imported by Messrs. Brough and Bouoicault recently, will make her first appearance in Australia at the Lyceum Theatre this evening. On Thursday evening Miss O'Shannosy and some of her pupils gave tho old men ot tho George-street Asylum, Farramatta, a very welcome troat in the shape of a grand vocal concert, which was very highly appre ciated by both the old feliows and the visi tors. Without going into details of every song as rendered it may be stated that the rendering of "Kathleen Mavourneen," with distinctive Irish pathos came in for thunder- oub applause, as did the encore "Come Back to Erin." After this tho appearance of Miss O'Shannesy was greeted heartily by the old boys, many of whom aro ex cellent critics. Miss Huntor also came in for special recognition for the splendid and characteristic rendering of the grand old Scotch song, "Caller Herrin," tho sons of Erin and of Britain joining Scotia's enthusiastic children in tnmultnous applause. Sir. Chalmers's "YVill o' the YVisp" and "Tell Her I Lore Her So" were recoived with woll-moritod acclama tion, and the other artists aiso came in for a share of meritorious tribute. Miss Chambers, tho accompanist, was a splendid acquisition to each performer, hor untiring skill and real good-nature in taking up tho many encores was much appreciated. Air. Edward Cox, who introduced the artists, came in for recognition tor his sons, "Drink, Puppy, Drink." This gentleman apologised for the absence of Signor Poaon- zana and Mr. Gannon. Aftor the concert Air. J. Dennis highly returned thanks, and asked the old men to give three choerB for Miss O'Shannesy and her company. Mr. YV. J. Larmour, of Coogee Aquarium, will offer oood entortainment at tha estab- lishment to-morrow afternoon in the form of a concert, in which many well- known urtists will assist. There will be 110 organ recital to-night, the Town Hall being in use for tho Belle Cole concerts. On Alonday evening M. YViegand will play a programme including Chopin's "Funeral March," "The Gondo liers," and Braga's "Serenade." A Milan manager has posted this on the onter walU of his theatre: — "Those of my patrons who wish for a repetition of any number, or who may desire to encore any portion of the entertainment, should hand their names in to ntc, and by paying for their seats over again thoy may bo accommodated." Alight we ask concsrt- gnerB to read tho foregoing carefully, A now electric dance has been invented, by which a novel effect will bo obtained by the fixing of numerous discs of metal on the stage. As the dancer's shoes touch eaoh disc a current will he established, and the rosult will, wo should imagine, very muoh resemble streak lightning with a severe at tack of the jim- jams. Business, it seems, has improved at tbo Avouue Theatre Binco " The Comedy of Sighs" has been oloaned a bit. Miss Farr only screams " Damn 1" once, and doesn't announce more than twice that she has been playing " Hell and Tommy." Miss Janet Achurch, tho iirepressible, is at tha Adclphi filling an important part. Ibsen's "Ghosts" and " Charley's Aunt " form a double bill at tho Theatre Skien, Scandinavia. Tho combination is dolight- ful. Mr. Julius Knight, who was hero as juvenilo lead with Miss Laura Villiors, having filled a successful engagement iu America, has been engaged by Mr. Irving to play Valentino in "Faust" at the Lyceum. Mr. F. H. Cowen's new work, "Signa," has boon dedicated to the Queon, and her Majesty has graciously accepted the compli ment. Church ana Stage again. — Air. II. Beer- bohm Tree has promised to read a paper on "The Ethics of Amusement," before the Exeter Church Congress. So muoh tho better for the Haymarket, sneers tho cynic, A new play, " Mrs. Lesaingham," by Miss Fletcher, known to novol readers as George Fleming, was produced at the Garrick on April 7. It is reminiaesnt of " The Profligate." There was a favorable hearing. Scott, alias Swoenoy, notorious in connec tion with tho Ardlamont case, is appearing at a big salary at the London Pavilion in an illusion. A most appropriate class of enter tainment, wo should say. Verdi, who hadn't boon in Paris for 20 years, arrived iu that city last month for the purpose of supervising tbo production at tho Opora Comiquo of his own " Falstaff," A smoke concert under the auspices of the Loichhardt Rowing Club was given on Thursday evening last in tho Royal Hotel, Loichhardt. Alderman C. C. Marshall (president) occupied the chair. The pro gramme, of a miscellaneous character, was well arranged, and contributed to by Alcssrs. C. M'Queen, W. Bull, A. Diuglc- woll, M'Evoy, Carrie It, YV right, Professor Gurney, Lambert, T. M'Crodie, J. Tussloy, A. and A. E. YVatson, Mr. T. Alasan pre sided at the piano. 