IHllH KING1 OP HHARTS Br Ocrranx TUrram X. AN HISTORICIL ROMANCE Published by special arrangemets rith lMesrs. Ward, Lock 4' Bowden, Ltd. [ALL .exlres R?S -RVED.] CHAPTER I'. A DARK NIlirT'S RcSIlNSS. A tramp crouching from the driving snow behmd some rotten hurdles, crouching there from dawn, till night fell on the London Road, saw all the actors in this drama pass before him on their way down to the Old Most House in Kent-she long file of soldiers, a silent line moving mechanic atly through the grey morning light; Captain Foster. his head bent to the saddle-bow beneath the bhitter blast, riding through deep drifts in front of Miss Hawley's chariot; the great state ooach of His Grace the Duke of Cumberland lumbering by some hours afterwards, the snow thick on the roof, the postilions plying whip and spur; tiually, as evening fell, M.r Barsac and Mr Browne riding furiously, their capes streaming in the wind, their horses' sides red from the rowels, a pair of as wild horsemen as a solitary roadside watcher ever looked upon. The tramp crouching by the side of the London Road saw all these tigures pass by him in the order named in the oourse of a short winter's day. But he did not heed them-did not connect them in any way with each other. Why should ho! he bad other things to think of ; how to keep him- I self warm for one. What to him were poesible dramas in rich people's livesn Nothing. He just wondered where the soldiers were going to so early, thought that the last two horsemen seemed hurried, and that is all be thought about the matter. He coiled himself round two or three times liko a dog, and fell asleep. And yet few travellers have passed on one road to the i one goal, to issues big with impending fate, more fury.haunted, nmore possessed. Behind the charoteer of Miss Hawley's carriage in particular dark care sat perched. ,0uce her fainting-tit the night before on the step of Mrs Coruelyvs, Miss Hawley had i scarcely opened her lips. A cold terror c possessed this girl; she shuddered at the thought that a weak woman's agitation might have betrayed vital hopes. A prey 1 in ,ia, moment to a hundred fears, and bitter aif-reproaches, silence was her sole solace. By her silence sue could at least do I no further narm. She sat so still all throngn the long journey into Kent-lying back in i the corner of the carriage, closely wrapped in her furs, that her maid, a lynx-eyed, demure deceiver, who at opposi:e, more man once thought that her mistress must hare fainted, she lay back in the corner there so deadly still. Yes, deadly A-ll, bhut with her heart beat ing wildly for the Strangsr of tlomance, for the presence who had inspired her with an c ideal passsion-a passion born and fed only by a picture-who for years she had known and worshipped only through a picture, I who througp a picture had recognised I her in an instant, had suddenly shone out of a sordid London crowd, like some splendid knight-errant of the past, arielded her from a moo's brutal fury, clasped her passionately in his arms 1 And she-she had betrayed him like some nervous schoolgirl! The thought maddened her. c He might now be, at ete very moment, as I she was sitting there in her comfort, and her luxury, a fnendless captive in the hands of implacable enemies. Ah, no: the very thought was too cruel for heaven to permit it. A girl's prayers must go for something \--such abominations could not be. .No doubt, in spite of her vile, cnminal weak. ness, the object of her adoration had passed wiihout notice-had left England, had escaped. M?ie Hawley closed her eyes, half com- I forted. "' Law, miss, look ; there's a soldier." These words were spoken in vulgar tones by Miss Hawley's maid, but no doom I tnundered by Sybil ever fell more fatally on i hearer's ears. Miss Hawley rose from her seat as if electrified, and looked out. Yes, c sure enough, there stood one of the redcoat., i whom Jacooitc instincta had led this young lady to look upon as accursed, smoking his pipe quietly in front of a tavern-door. Lne carriage was at this moment passing throng I a village within a mile of the Most House. I .Miss Hawley pulled the check-string for the i coachman to stop. A servant alighted from i the nox, and asked if Miss wanted anything. " Go into that house," said Miss Hawley, " and ask a soldier you will find inside i what he is doing there." Tne man departed, after staring a little. 1 Presently he returned and said " Tnere is no soldier there, miss." Wo"' 1ere is Captain Footer? Tell Captain Foster I want to speak to h.m." But Captain Foster had ridden on to tee Moat House to advertise their arrival. Miss Hawley was now deadly pale. "Open the door," she said calmly, "I wish to get oot." The man muttered something about the a snow being deep, and the maid begged her t mzstress not to catch her death of cold. Before they had eatner of them time, how Cer, to take any further prohiitory easures, their mistress had leapt from the ] c.riage, hurned through the deep snow, and presented herself suddenly in the midst fau cucse of boors, who sat drinking and mnokin In the tap-room of the public house. Soe stood there for a moment so breath les with her excatement and the suddenness of the action that she was unable to speak. ane looked like some white appariton uaddenly fallen upon tnis circle of san. The .ircle of am, having recovered themselves, recognised her, and rose bowing. '" Why do you tell my servant that there is no soldier here! ' she said. The circle of sin with one accord said g~an that there was no soldter there. Miss li.rley stamped her foot; it was a charac teristic action of hers. '" How can you tell rsch wicked stories " she said. "I saw the man enter toe door wilth my own eyes-" I ?e circle of sin with one accord said .-gan that thcre was no soldier there. Mliss Iawleyv now asked for the landlord. Sue was tuld ne was out. Soe then asked for hi. caighter. S.e was told that the caubghter was out too. Then Miss Hawley, adoresoing one of the circle of sin by nms name, Joe Hobbs, aiked now he dared to tzra: herin this disgraceful manner. And ..Ie HIoubs, for all reply, begged his humble .Jucy. aid he meant no offence-didn't inoJ ho' he offended. There was no soldier in the house. And then deep quiet fell upon these elders. Ms Hawley darted a glance of violent inda-gnation at the assembly of silence, left the room, and went back to her carnage, and gave the order, " Home." Al the sound of the drporting wheels died away, each elder put a pipe into his mouti, and a soldier fally accoutred stepped out of a upiboar,. Ihe man wiped his forehead, said that he a?t had a narrow squeak, swore the elders .o sesracy, and having armed himself with a bottce o" jrandy, rejoined his companions, -, no were resting in a sequestered barn. .ias Hawley a heart meanwhile tmbrned -within her. What was this wretchof a red coat doin witbhin a mile of her father's Louse! 1hy had the man disappeared so asddenly? Ahb; he was afraid of being seen. There was sme secret trap preparc| for somebody. The man had ne doubt oined hidden compansons. Treachery was is the air. 'Treslsary aganst whom! lis llawley felt chdled--wild fears tassed tun.auituoaly through her braine Flreently toe stopping of the .coach told her that she was at h.une. l'ow ab, would have an opportunity of collecting her thought. in siet. Quiet was what she wanted. 'he alighted, takinog Captain Foster's hand mesha·ncarlly, not secumog to recognise the appealing- Jook in his eyes, or tha hand presce whloh souh to detain her. bhs Irroke irone him, hurried upawinditig staircase, along a c4Pnoy corriaor, loekea herself feserisely inito rogom, It was a jpSnj, low, narrow room th' . bals high.backed chairs, a sall canopied bed in one corner showed ghost-like in the flickering firelight. A window overlooked the moat. In the gloom of the winter's evening which had closed in, the moat looked mysterious, wicked, deadly. The girl let her eyes rest on it for a minute, then drew the curtains close with a shudder. With trembling hands she unlocked her jewel-case and drew out a richly-chased casket. She kissed the case passionately, and then opened it with a cry of delight, and gazed rapt at a beautiful miniature hand. somely set in diamonds. Theminiature repre sented the hero of the episode outside hirs Comely's, the distinguished stranger whom Mr Barsac had described as Browne, and as it represented Mr Browne in the fall costume of a Highland chieftain, wearing his own fair hair falling in rich curls to the shoulders, it showed a resemblance nothing short of striking between him and Captain Foster. Then Miss Hawley fell upon her knees and prayed. She prayed long, wildly, for the sake of the man whose portrait she held to her heart-that safety which some strange, vivid woman's instinct, threbbing within her, told her she had endasgered. She prayed that he might escape out of his enemy's hands, out of the hands of the wicked, bloodthirsty wretches who had hunted him down in times past (and here Miss Hawley, with a shudder, put a little prayer for forgiveness for her father), out of the hands of the wicked, who still pasted for that precious blood. And as she prayed, Mr Barsac and the subject of her prayer, riding wildly through deep snowdrifts, drew nearer and nearer on the London Road, and a magnificent travell ing-coach drawn by four horses entered the avenue leading down to the house; and after the magnificent coach, and unseen by its occupant, oame, marching silently into the avenue, half a regiment of soldiers. They spread out right and left of the road; they lined the wood on each side; they drew a thin, red, cruel line round the Moat House itself, and, lying hidden, waited. And still the girl, kneeling in the gloom of the dimly-lighted room, prayed passion ately, in an ecstasy of rapt self-abandon ment, in a blessed unconsciousness of the fatalities that were mustering out there in the wild night-prayed the same burning, simple prayers over and over again-prayed with a faith that should have moved mountains, that the stranger might escape out of the hands of the wicked who panted for his blood. Suddenly, as if in answer to this prayer, confused noises interrupted it. Carriage wheels grinding over loose stones, the open ing wide of croaking doors, orders shouted, hurrying steps, the many-voioed hubbub which heralds the advent of a distinguished guest; and then, after a silence, a heavy, solitary tread on a stone floor-a tread which had something pitiless in it. It was the Duke of Cumberland. An hour afterwards the large bell of the Moat House ringing for dinner fell upon the ears of two travellers, as they rode tiercely up to the door of the small village inn. The first of these two men called loudly for the cstler, the other sat motionless in his saddle, sombre, his hat pulled over his brows, his head sunk upon his chest ; he looked spectre like seen tnus, through the steam rising from his hearing horse. The first of these men, who was Mr Barsac, dismounted, and gave his horse to the ostler. " We are for the Moat House," he said; " we leave our horses here." The man said that they were wise not to risk a ride down a frosen precipice in pitch darkness. He then approached the other's horse and laid hold of the rein. But the rider, speaking thickly, told him with a curse to stand off. " Why, Mr Browne," said Mr Baryac, "we dismount here, if it please you. The descent to the Moat House is so steep, the road so slippery, the night so dark." " That I purpose riding back to London." Withn one of those curiously alert move ments of his, Mr Bara?e caught the bridle of the speaker's horse just as his rider turned him suddenly to carry out this resolve. "Sir," he said, speaking nervously and rapidly "'tis impossible for me to believe from what I have seen of you that you can really meditate such an act of discourtesy." " Discourtesy, sir! And in what, pray, does the discourtesy lie ? I am not expected at your Moat House." "No, air; but you have prevailed upon me to introduce you as an uninvited visitor. You have caused me a long ride in bitter weather. 1 have performed my part faith fully at probable injury to my health. Tie not agreeable to see such labour wasted for a whim, if yea will excuse the speech." And Mr Barsac bowed his reproachful courtesy. Wounded self-esteem was in his tones; but he kep: a feverish grip of the stranger's bridle. The stranger seemed touched. " Whims govern me, sir," he said, and he laughed a little wildly; then threw himself off his horse rather than dismounted. " Show me where the lady lives, air." "If the gentleman means Miss Hawley," began the ostler. Mr Browne gave a great start. " Hawlev !" he exclaimed, turning pale. "Orley, Orley," said Mr Bursae, with a soft impetuosity. "Tnese rustics never spare themselves an H." And then he turned and witnered the ostler with a look. This look of Mr Barao's was simply devilish. "Orley," said Mr Browne. "Orley! Hawley! God! what an extraordinary thing !"' Then thickly to the ostler retinng with the two horses, "Ho i there, you, air i bend me oat some brandy, d'ye hear . Pah ! -the very name's mention makes me, as it were, faint." "Ah, unpleasant recollection associated with it, sir!" said Mr Barsac. "An infernal one, sir. Where is this brandy !" It came in a moment or two; brought in by s strappiog, rosy-cheeked barmaid, who eyed Mr Browne admiringly, and asked whether he would not take it inside, out of the cold. Mr Browne, with great gallantry, touched the girl under the chin and said, " No, thanks, pretty one." Then he took a good drraught, and gave the girl a crown to buy hersell some ribbons with. "I feel better, sir," he said to 1Mr Barsace, who hlad watched this interlude with smihng face. " Shal we proceed ?' "At your pleasure. Thank you, no .brandy. I will just borrow a lantern from the people of the house here, and then we stall be quite prepared.' After a minuate or two, Mr Barsac te turned, carrying a large lantern in his hand. This lantern was not acquired by Mr Barsac for the purpose of showing a road which he knew perfectly; bat for the purpose of s~owiug Mr Browne perfectly to his captors, who did not know him. The two men passed away together into the night, Mr Barsac walking quite close to Mr Browne, whose movements were a trifle unsteady, pressed him to put his arm in his, and trust entirely to his guidance; but the stranger refused this proffer irritably; ex planoed that he was a mountaineer; that, compared with his past experiences, the road showed no ditflcnlty. So they walked on through the deep snow side by side. In the middle of an abrupt descent Mr Barsac paused. He pointed with a hand which trembled slightly to an entranoe gate on the left. This gate was the mouth of the trap. The woods beyond it swarmed with soldiers, "This is oar way, sir." Mr Besac'e voice trembled like his hand uas he spoke. "And as our way runs now through deep woodlands, it is well that I am come pee pared." '"'Tis a strangely out-of-theway place, surely, that you are leading me to," samd Mr Browne. "It n an out-of-the-way place," said Mr Barsac. He laughed unpleasantly), and led the way into the wood, preceding Mr Browne, and throwing the lightof his lantern neither on the right nor the left, hut very carefully straight on to the road in front of him. The track plunged down now, almost pre. cipitously, through dense covert., wich had been allowed fer y&rs; to run riot gnarled boughs of oaks twisted themselves overhead-the darkness was impesetrable. Msr Baruae, walking cautlously in frout of hki victi~ma, e??e4 9 |eel tsh? hi breath of the ambuscade strike his face on either side. Arrived at a certain bend in the road, in the very densest part of the plantation, Mr Barsac snddenly turned, and flushed his lantern full on Mr Browne's face. "Take care here, sir," he said, "or you will falL" The action was instantaneous. But in that instant the eyes of the ambuscade devoured their victim. Fifty soldiers lying on each side of the path saw this man's face revealed to them with an instantaneous vividness with which they had never seen face revealed before. The dark curls, the handsome voluptuous features, the melan choly expression, the pose of the head flared suddenly upon them-a light out of dark ness. There could be no mistake in the future on the part of these men. For the identity was unmistakable. It was an eternal photograph. The gate at the top of the wood, which Mr Barsan and Mr Browne had left open, clanged behind them. Mr Barsac turned his lantern from Mr Browne's face, directed it to the path in front of him; once more recommenced the descent. Suddenly he felt the cold muzzle of a pistol pressed against the nape of his neck. iHe was seized in a grasp of iron, and a voice said quietly in his ear " Tell me why you flashed that lantern on my face, sir, or I will blow your brains out." The cruel fear of death seized Mr Barsac \--for a moment paralysed tongue, limbs, brain itself. He lived a whole life in an instant. Then in the very jaws of destruc tion his instantaneous insight into the situa tion returned to him. In a moment saw what was to be done. He feigned a slip, fell upon the lantern, extinguished it, broke it to atoms. " Now he will not be able to see them," he said to himself. As the very words were on his lips, and as if to give them the lie, the moon burst through the clouds. It flooded every cranny of the wood with mystic radiant light. It revealed the old Moat House lying immedi ately at their feet, with such surprising vividness that Mr Browne's eyes remained fastened on it, as if it had risen from the ground an enchanted palace. It revealed also a redcoat half-hidden behind an oak tree. It was but for an instant that this burst of moonlight fell ; then all was dark ness again. There was a moment's silence. Mr Barsac rose from the ground. He thought the stranger had not seen. Y' ou are mad, sir, surely," he said. And the voice of Mr Browne made answer in the darkness in tones more melancholy, more fateful than Mr Barsac had ever noticed in it before. "Lead on, sir . . . Lead on!" There were four people seated, at this moment, round the dinner.table in the great hall of the Moat House. Two these, Captain Foster and Miss Hawley, sat silent, eating little, drinking nothing, eyeing each other now and again furtively, palpably oppressed. Captain Foster seemed especi ally under the influence of some disturbing secret. At the slightest sound outside he started, looked at the window, looked at the door, then looked at Miss Hawley. There was misery in this look. There was also pity in it. At the third or fourth start of this kind which the Captain made, the other two diners noticed his agitation. " Hang it, sir, sit still, will you?" said I one of them, a lean, wolfish-looking old man, who sat at the head of the table. " Gad, the boy starts as if he expected a dun," said the other, a burly, butcherly- 4 looking gentleman, who sat under a sort of canopy of state at the other. The first of these speakers was General Henry Hawley. who had commanded under the Duke of Cumberland at Culloden. The second was the Duke of Cumberland himself. General Hawley was a man of about fifty. But he was bent in the back, grizzled. His gaunt face, long almost as a wolf's, was drawn a little down on one side. It was a mask merely - lined with age and pain, already half paralysed. Tis man who, in i earlier days, had ordered his victims to be I hung up in front of his parlor windows to help him digest his breakfast, seemed to feel in his lonely retirement the aid of some suchI digestive. General Hawley's food had long ceased to nourish him. He was a living i skeleton, who lived on liquids. For months I no solid food had passed his lips. To-night, however, in honor of his distinguished I visitor, he made from time to time a ghastly I pretence at eating. This attempted gour mandise was horriole. General Hawley's distinguished visitor, though he was at this time but forty.one I years of age, suffered like General Hawley - himself from a premature decrepitude-but 4 yearsof excess had branded him in a different I way. A deplorable obesity weighed him I down. Racked with gout, his swollen I bloated face, his huge unwieldy form, his olood-shot eyes, were signs enough that he I preferred the torments of disease to the tedium of regular diet. Always an in temperate liver, the Duke of Cumberland had to-night eaten and drunken beyond even his ordinary till. He leaned heavily back in his arm- chair, breathing stertorously. The hues of apoplexy appeared upon his brow, but his blood.shot eyes remained still fixed on the bottle. Miss Hawley, sitting like a wood nymph I between a lean and a bloated satyr, had ' several times risen to leave the table (it was ' evident that an orgie was about to set in). I hut each time her father, rousing himself 1 fron his gorged reverie, had told her to sit down. Suddenly there was a loud knock at the nouter door. There was something ominous in this knock. Captain Foster started. He intercepted a look of inquiry from Mess lIawlsy, who turnemd pale. The Duke of Cumberland raised his black eyes slowly from the bottle. "A visitor, Hawley," he said. " No doubt the one the Captain has been expectmg." "No visitor enters the Moat House to. nighe," said General Hawley. is daughter now interposed. "Think, sir," she said, "this may be some poor traveller who has lost himself in the snow." "Then the poor traveller may rot in the snow, miss.:' The Duke of Cumberland, still supine under the canopied chair, emitted an amused gurgle. The brutality tickled him-re minded him of better days. W\'hile he was still gurgling, a servant entered with a letter. He gave this to General Hawley, with a grovelling subservience which this master exacted from his household. The General first glanced at the signature. This seen, he read the letter attentively. Then sat up in his chair and read it again. It evidently surprised him. The letter ran thus:-" My General Hawley, I am here on State affairs this night, with one who little knows into whose house he is coming, or that he is my prisoner. To prevent un necessary violence, be pleased to suppress your famous name, as also that of your distinguished guest.-Yours to command, BAr.ac." General Hawley folded the letter. " Mr Barsan is without on State business," he said. Miss Hawley gave a great start: she gasped, "State business ' Her father looked at her keenly. "Yes, miss, State business-- and therefore no business of yours." Then, turning to the Duke, "If it please your Highness, we will see this Barsac. lie is a known and trusted agent, and he brings a stranger with him." Miss Hawley rose at the word "stranger," as if she had been shot. All her unformed fears of the last twelve hours stirred into sudden life. She made a sudden motion to leave the room. "Sit down, miss," said the General. Then the girl obeyed the order: General Hawley eoe more tarsd to his guest-" Is it your Highness's pleasure that we have this fellow in " he asked. His Highness gave his permission by anod and a grunt. At the same time, he dlesired that ceremony might be sent to the deuce, and reached out a gouty hand for the bottle. "Show Mr Barao and the stranger in," said the General, The servant departed. There was a pause-broken only by the gurgling mound of wine rushing down a Royal throat, the servant's quick tread sooas the courtyard, the unbarring of the outer door, Da?ri this pabe, which seemed to her to last hoars, Miss Hawley kept her eyes fixed on Captain Foster's face. She saw her lover change colour-grow as white as a sheet-for the first time that night, pour out a bumper with a trembling hand and drink desperately. "Captain Foster," she said, looking at a him as if she would read his very soul, " you I know this stranger, I think." "So do you, madame," cried Captain i Foster, throwing his glass on the table and I starting from his chair. "What I" cried the General, turning ai terrible look on his daughter, as she stood t transtixed with terror, holding her hands on I her heart. " What I! " " Hush I" said the Duke of Cumberland, with something of an aroused interest. "Your stranger is here." And slow foot steps sounded on the stone ball. She knew them in an instant-in one wild 1 moment divined what was coming-sounded the whole honor of the situation to its very depths. This girl lived a whole lifetime in I this tremendous interval. But at the close 1 of it she had made up her mind what she she would do. There should be no recognition this time. A second after she was face to face with him again. He came from behind a higu screen, which had been placed against the door, paused gracefully, made a slight inclination to the people seated at the table. ie was very pale, his dress was in disarray, his crumpled lines still bore the signs of Mr Barsac's late despairing clutch, but he looked the chivalrous gentleman that he was, standing there, as motionless as a picture, with Mr Barsac's evil face peering over his shoulder. "I have lost my way, I fear, sir," he said, in his low melancholy voice, "and intrude where I have no business. This gentleman, however, who rides with me, tells me that he is known to you, and has prevailed upon me to throw myself on your hospitality for a night's shelter." Ho looked at the Duke of Cumberland as he spoke, supposing him, from his seat I under the canopy, to be the master of the honse. The Duke, after eyeing him in differently, pointed to General Hawley. " You are welcome, sir," said the General. " Will it please you to sit down. My daughter - Captain Foster. You are acquainted with both already ? " "No, sir," said the stranger. He sat down by Miss Hawley's side with such an easy, unembarrassed air, that Mr Barsao even, still standing at the back, an amused spectator of the scene, eyed him with amazement, almost with admiravon. I It would have been impossible for any one to have supposed for a minute that the two I had ever met, and seen each other before. But it would not have been so impossible had Mr Barsac been gifted with second might, had he been able to see, to feel the I wild hand-clasp eloquent of sympathy, caution, love, aespair, with which the pale, unmoved girl greeted Mr Browne under the table. Gestures are some tirnes eloquent. This hand-clasp told Mr Browne all. At charming smile played on his lips. He I bowed his head slightly, in mute recognition, I then looked up and saw General Hawley's i filmy eyes fixed on him-fixed upon him nn- o certainly-in a curious prolonged stare. " You were fortunate, Mr Browne," said I he, seating himself, " in riding with one so i well acquainted as is Mr Barsac with these s inhospitable parts. %Without Mr Barsao's j guidance you would hardly have found a shelter." " Hardly, sir, I believe. But I do not see the gentleman. He has not left us, surely? " " For amoment, air. Mr Barsac has some slight preparations to attend to." The stranger looked up suddenly, and intercepted a glance full of meaning between General Hawley and the portly person still lunoging back under the canopied chair on his right hand. " 1 think I still lack the honor of an introduction to this gentleman," he said. "Content yourself, sir," said General Hawley. " The honour will be yours in time. For the moment the gentleman prefers to remain incognito." Mr Browne coloured high. In spite of another wild, hidden pressure of Miss Hawley's hand he eyed botn his host and the gentleman who preferred to remain A incognito keenly. This glance was returned 4 by both gentlemen with interest. At this moment a servant brought in some dinner on a tray for the newly arrived guest, and a large flagon of old Nantes I orandy. Mr Browne's attention was instantly distracted. He attacked the victuals fiercely. The two elderly gentle. men passed the brandy bottle between thern -with equal gusto took long fiery draughts. Captain oster alone sat silent, brooding on the opposite side of the table with his face covered with his hands. There was a silence. When Mr Browne had finished his meal, he pointed to this despondent figure. " Captain Foster does not drink," he said. " No, sir," said Captain Foster, not look ing up. "I'Inen with your permission." And Mr Browne took a great draught of brandy. Miss Hawley rose. "Sit down," said her father. "Where I are you going?" She said that if she might be excused for a mnomeut she needed her smielling-salts. They were in her room. This in reply to Captain Foster, who offered with no great alacrity to get them. She leit the great hall ' by a small door in the corner, whicn opened immediately on to the staircase. She leaned heavily against this staircase for a moment, clutching the balustrade tiercely, afraidl that habe was going to faint. Then, when after a great effort abhe had regained possession of herself, she went fleetly up- I stairs, crept through her darkened room, and, shrouding herself behind the curtain of the window, looked out. She saw Mr Barsac in earnest conversa tion with a soldier on the bridge over the moat. There were two bridges over the moat, besides this one immeaiately below I Miss Hawley's bedroom window. The girl visited the two rooms, one of them the Duke of Cumberland's, whichr overlooked these two bridges; on each bridge shabe saw the same chilling sight-a soldier silently on guard. The Moat House was surrounded. Miss Hawley bathed her forehead with scent; then she went down again thought fully, quietly, to the great halL For a moment sheb paused at the door, listening. Loud voices were raised; bursts of thick laughter breaking upon these, proclaimed the nature of this interior. Miss Hawley braced her nerves for a chilling sight, and entered. It was well for her, steel.hearted as she was, that she bad braced her nerves. The sight was indeed chilling. The Duke of Cumberland had risen from his canopied chair. Maddened with tinal draughts of brandy, following potations already deep, hia brain had turned. Resting his huge bulk heavily on the table, he ad dressed an imaginary assembly. In hoarse, thick accents he recounted the glories of Culloden - the brutal massacres which, directed by himself and his gallant friend opposite, had followed hard on that dire day; and his gallant friend opposite bowed his livid, ghasly face repeatedly on to the very table, in mute approbation of each sickening scene. Between them sat Mr Browne, his hand clenched round his glass, his deadly pale features writhing fiercely at each red recollection. Opposite to him Cap tain Foster stared aghast,. Standing there, a iluont, horror-stricken spectator, Mlias Haw leyremained unrecognised. In vain shetried to attract Mr Brownus attention-to motion caution, self-oommand, anything that frantic gestures of a girl already half distraught could impress on a man in deadly danger. Carried away with rising excitement, his pale lips mechanicelly repeating phra of the deadly tale, Mr Browns sat there hed. less of her presence, like some wounded lion crouched for the avenging spring. At last tho climax came. \\\'ith a sudden changefrom mad vemon todrunkenjocularity the hero of the day described hia recipe for suppressing revolte. He painted the roadls from Inverness to Fort Augustus on the morning after the battle. Castles, houses, huts in fawes ( A whole country ravageI with tihe and sword I Men baunted and shuo down on the mountains like wild beasts I Wpmen violated, after hbain been foreed ssectator of their thasanda *xecutioais Whole families shut in barns and burnt to ashes! It was a saturnalia of slaughter, told by a madman. And the stranger-Mr Browne-what of him ? Repeating phrase after horriole phrase louder and louder, till his voice swelled above the reciter's, the man's long pent-up rage found sudden, furious vent. He saw nothing of the hall of the Moat House, no thing of Mi s Hawley's imploring gestures, no thing of the present peril which hemmed him on all sides-nothing of all these-o-nly in one wild vision the bleak Scotch hill. sides sown with his slaughtered friends, the blazing villages-a whole country desolated for his sake-and the guilty two ! He dashed the glass which he held clutched in his hand with such violence on to the floor that it flew into a thousand fragments. He reared himself to his full height-his voice rang out like a trumpet summoning the guilty to judgment. 'Murderers," he cried, "I know you now ! By your works-at which a whole world has shuddered-by your works I know you ! Onaragers of humanity ! Twin fiends of Hell I I know you, Bloody Hawley ! and you, Butcher of Culloden I " (To be Continued.) 