IBMIBKftBLH RELIGION. Baaed on the flense of Smell. ~: A BUSSIAN journal describes a peculiar religions movement in the winter of 1891-2 in the province of Kiev. The originator was a IlussiaD, given to drink until the age of 40 years, when le reformed and joined the Stundists, following zealously the religious rites of the sect, and often going into à con- dition of ecstacy. A few years later lie began to suffer from hallucinations, among others ; perceiving extremely , pleasant perfumes, which he declared to be the smell of the Holy Ghost. ^Tben he conceived that he was pos eeseed of the Holy »Ghost, and that he .wu Jesus Christ. He obtained numerous peasant followers, who told their possessions, gave up work, and looked upon their insane leader as the Saviour cf the world, in which there should soon be new regulations; no ?one should die, und no one should have ! meed to work or to care for the future, Jbr God would care for them all. Most ol them suffered from hallucinations of the sense of smell, perceiving , ex- tremely agreeable odors, which they '. described as pertaining to God; and Heaven. Many had a feeling of remarkable bodily lightness, as if float , lng in the air, and many others were taken with convulsions, manifestly hysterical. The congregations were always noisy and excited, some falling to the earth, others jumping, striking themselves on the breast, and shouting .inarticulately. Some would imitate conversation; but ita consisted of incomprehensible, senseless sounds, which, tbe£ believed to be a language spoken somewhere. Most of them were emaciated and antemic. Thtj epidemic was finally overcome by the authorities ; those who were most insane being shut up in asylums, while the hysterical were sent to hospitals ' and convents. \---r- , V No business was transacted in the j Police Court this morning. '' 'Baggy shafts, poles, spokes, bush, and rims. Prest and Hocking, -r The*members of the Smich-Kennedy , : Comedy Company left by the Adelaide r, express last nighb. They, open at " Orroroo to-night. '' ? : Dr. Talmage on Society :-" I have : more respect for the waif in the street who goes down under the gaslight [without a God and without a home '? ?. than I have for one of the ; bags of . - ; Society y who covers the hell, in her heart with a costly cloak and a diamond brooch." This is vigorous, severe, and -justifiable criticism. : . ( Fred Metters' Btoves 75s Prest «nd Hocking.* At the Broken Hill Literary Asso- ciation's last weekly meeting, the president (Mr. C. Maley) being in tho chair, a new committee was elected to retain office for. the ensuing quarter, ss follows : Misses Rebbeck and Young, and Messrs. Adams, Dickson, mod Ferguson. Mr. J. M. Annella was to have given /a lecture on the : ''.Single Tax," but he .was unable to be present, and Mr. Badger came to the rescue with an offer to give* a short lecture on "Electricity," which . waa accepted. A general discussion followed, and Mr. Badger was thanked. Mrs. John Ballance, widow of the . dead New Zealand Premier, bas, since her arrival in London, received many invitations from English friends and relations, and goes to Ireland shortly. The late John Ballance was a great admirer of the " system" and influence of the, Primrose League, and his . widow had not been .many days in London before she received o prac- tical * instance of their vigilance and ubiquity. This came in the form of a deputation who proposed, with the sublime audacity of ignorance, that Mn. Ballance Bhoulrt become a member. Those who know the lady will be able to imagine the emphasis with which : she explained the late Premier'o advanced Radical views, adding that she herself had all her life been; a thorough-going Liberal and an ardent advocate of Home Rule. The , faces of the discomfited feminine Tories fell ?. ? ladly, and they, retired in confusion. Coughs and colds are positively cured by taking Armstrong's cough elixir.* , A great outcry was raised against Lord Rosebery's sporting proclivities when his colt Ladas won the Derby. ; On the second day after jithe "race > the Premier received 1Ó0\ expostu- lations, and the number' steadily.'in- creased until 1500 was reached for the week ending June 22. Between , 6000 and 7000 letters were received, in nearly everyone of which the Premier was accused of various sins i of omission and commission. About one-third suggested that the money won by Ladas be given jk> charitable objects in which the * writers were interested. Medicines may be obtained at Mr. ? ? Clarke's Central Pharmacy, next Mrs. : Deanes Royal Hotel, at all hours dag 