BOUDOIB GOSSIP. ? ^ ? ? ? .. .. llero is a recipe for the selection of a husband : ' For a man's birth, look to his l.nen and finger-nails and observe the inflections of his voice. For his taste, study the color of his ties, tho pattern and hang of Ins trousers, his fi lends, and his rings — if any. For his propensities, walk round and look care fully at the back of his head, and re member, girls, never to marry a man whose neck bulges ever so little over his collar. If you want a successful man, see that he has a neat foot j he will move quieker, get over obstacles faster, than a man who falls over liis own toes and trips up other folks with 'em, too. For bis breeding, talk sentiment to him when he is starving, and ask him to carry a band-box down the public street when you've just had a row. To test his temper, tell him biu nose is a little one side, and you don't like the way his hair grows— and if that don't fetch him, nothing will.' * » » The preference among English yachts women for divided and undivided under skirts is now undoubted. They found out their advantages during Cowes week and speak enthusiastically in their favor. There is no floating in the breeze, to the embarrassment and inconvenience of wearers, and there is no impeding ®f limbs by skirts swirled tightly round them which make walking not only a labor, but most ungraceful and unsightly. This, however, is no movement in the direction of assuming the manly attire which advanced ladies counsel for their sister cyclists. The bifurcated underskirt which is finding favor among smart women is an essentially womanly gar ment, the daintiness and prettiness, lightness, and voluminousness of which would fill the emancipated feminine mind with contempt for unemancipated creatures who still prefer to go in for prettiness when finding it attainable ia conjunction with comfort. # -1 ft ' Ghost parties ' is the name a New York woman (quoted in the Tribune ) lias imagined to designate a new scheme. ' I call her funotions ghost parties,' she says, ' because they are only the shadows of the substance, the event itself being purely imaginary. Why, that woman lias gained the reputation for entertain ing, and has received no end of dinner invitationo on absolutely nothing at all ! I have suspected her tactics for some time, and now I am quite Bure that what I assert is quite true — that in nine cases out of ten her dinners are purely imaginary. She has a clever way of finding out who is engaged, and to whom, and then she asks people who she knows can not come to her house — and so scores to her social account, with no other outlay than her crested paper and dainty seal.' =* ft « President Ca9imir-Perier is very popular at Pont-Sur-Seine, where ho has a magnificent chateau. The old peasant woman who was his nurse when he was a baby is still living in the village. She is nearly eighty, and the President paid her a special visit the other day to look after her comfort. When he went home last year as President of the Chamber, one of the men at a country fair asked him if he remembered when he used to run races with the children of the neigh borhood. 1 Yes,' replied the future pre sident, ' and I have not forgotten how. I'll bet you twenty sous,' taking off his coat, ' that I can beat you to yonder pole.' The bet was accepted, and M. Casimir-Perier won it with ease. All the peasants for miles around are either his tenants or employees, and are do voted to him. The Casimir-Perier for tune is estimated at about twenty millions of dollars, # f- f- At a ball, 'one evening, a plain coun try gentlemon had engaged a pretty coquette for tho next dance, bat a gallant yachting captain coming along persuaded the young lady to abandon her previous engrgement in favor of himself. Tho other overhearing all that had passed, moved towards a card-table and sat down to a gamo of whist. The captain, a few minutes afterwards, step ped up to the young lady to excuse him self, as he was engaged to another ho had forgotten. Tho coquette, much chagrined, approched the whist-table, hoping to secure her first partner, and said : 'I believe, sir, it is time to take our places.' The old-fashioned suitor, in the act of dividing the pack for the next dealor, courteously replied i ' No, madam, I mean to keop nay place. When ladies shuffle, I cut.' S Tho high hand-shake that was intro duced in certain circles two or threo yenrs ago was thus referred to in an ad dress dolivered before the students of Harvard College last March by Henry Irving ( 'I notice nowadays that sorao young people have a singular mothod of shaking hands — something like this, with their elbows level with the crowns of their heads, a funny fashion and not suggestive of the grasp of tho honest man. It was a fashion contracted in large assemblies and functions where ladies woro long trains thrown over their arms and held aloft to avoid the crush aDd protect their garments. With their arms up so, they sometimes shook hands, and hence the fashion.' 4? 9 ft ' Australian women have the habit of looking at the bright side of things,' says a recent writer. This trait is par ticularly obaervable in tho case of mirrors, 