Notes and Anticipations. (BY MARTINDALE.) In this issue appears a capital illustration of the Australian Cup winner, Broken Hill, by Richmond from Gratitude, breeding that would attract the attention of anyone. As this horse's doings were fully reported at the time of his winning the race, there is no need to recount them. One of the principal attractions next week between the race days will be the yearling sales at Randwick. With so many lots to be disposed of it was decided by the auctioneers to ballot as to how they should be disposed of, when the result was as follows : Mr. Clibborn's general catalogue, Hobartville, Kirkham, Tocal, Duckenfield Park, Tucka Tucka, Oakleigh Park, Neotsfield, Mr. H. A. Thompson's general catalogue, and Coolangatta. On and after Saturday (to-day) the yearlings can be inspected at the follow- ing stables : Tillimby, Glenfield, Camden Park, and Coolangatta youngsters at Fennelly's Bazaar, Pitt- street; Leeholme, Kelso, and Westwood yearlings at H. Chiver's, Helene-street, Randwick ; Bylong yearlings at W. Noud's Botany-street, Randwick ; Laras Lake yearlings at W. Brennan's, Boronia-street, Redfern ; Windsor (Mr. Gosper's) yearlings at C. T. Roberts's, Allison-road, Randwick; Hobartville yearlings at Scadden's, Doncaster Avenue, Kensington, A.J.C. Hotel, Randwick, and P. T. Gibson's, Greenstead, Randwick ; Kirkham yearlings at A. Phillips's, High- street, Randwick, and Coach and Horses Hotel, Rand- wick; Tocal yearlings at W. Blott's, City Stables, Castlereagh-street ; and Duckenfield Park yearlings at Kiss's Bazaar, Castlereagh-street. The annual meeting of members or the Coota- mundra Turf Club waB hold at Tattersalls Albion Hotel March 14. Mr. James Connell presided. Tho hon. secretary, Mr. G. II. Sandeman, presented a report of tho last annual meeting, which showed the meeting to have boen a most successful one, both financially and otherwise. Raoe meetings to be held at Blandford and Creigh- ton Park have been rogistored. The attempt to train Redleap haa again proved un- successful, and the Grand National winner haa been turned out. Elfie was very lame after the V.R.C. Steeplechase. In Melbourne it is reported that the V.R.C. com- mittee will appoint a sub- committee at its next meet- ing to draw up the racing programme for next season. It seems to be generally conceded that the last of the £ 10,000 Cups has been Been-for the present at least. The next Melbourne Cup will probably be worth ¿85000 or .£6000 only. It is wonderful how regular the complaints against the Telegraph Department are heard at the A.J.C. office. Rarely is it that some entry that should bo in thehands of tho offioials before the closing time is not delayed till too lato and has to bo refused. The last case ia that of Mr. Tom Cook's All Right, who was nominated by wiro for both the A.J.C. Hurdle Races. A wire was lodged at the West Maitland office at 2 I o'clock on the day of entry. It readied Sydney at 5.26 p.m., and turned up at the A.J.C. office Tuesday j morning, soon after the nomination paper, giving {larticulars of the entry, which was posted at Mait« and on Monday. A dull day, with a prospect of rain, was not the weather that Mr. Guest would wish for the running off of the Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap. Such waa Saturday, but it did not prevent the racing folk from attending in goodly numbera to witnesB the different events on the programme whioh waa down for the concluding day of the autumn race meeting. The train arrangements were excellent both ways, and as there was nothing in the shape of an aocidont proceedings went off in a manner aa smooth as possible. In fact, the stewards wore so much in want of something to do, apparently, that they actually went out of their way over tho Disposal Stakes, and had the favorite's (Sertum) rider up before them to explain hia running. Why, waa a question asked in every quarter, as it was apparent to every« one that witnessed tho race that the horse waa fairly beaton, though perhaps the rider made a mistake in letting Reversion get BO far away. Still the winner made the pace BO merry that perhaps he could not do so, as to cover seven iurlongs in lmin 30iseo is no mean performance, and one that takes a lot of beating by the beßt or our handicap horsea. Backers did not have a very good time of it, as after the opening event-the Shorts Handicap-in whioh Mr. J. Brown's gelding Bellman waa backed down to 6 to 4 and won, the favorites were defeated. This must have been very pleasing to the bookmakers, as the favorites both at the registered and unregistered meetings have been getting home in a most systematic mannor during the last few weeks. The scratching pen was pretty freely used in connection with tho Shorts Handi- cap, as only a dozen out of the SI down on the card faced the flag. For some considerable time Mr. Ivory's nomination, Cumino, held the posi- tion of favorite in the betting, but weight of money on the behalf of Bellman displaced her just at start- ing. In the early part of the race M^.A. waa in front, but the going, whioh waa a trifle holding, caused him to tire towards tho finish, and Princess Olga cut him down. At the dis- tance tho filly looked like winning, but Bellman outstayed her in the last half furlong, and won. There were 21 starters for the Sportsman's Handicap, Jack Tiattling and Scotch Lassie being picked out as the best in at tho weights. Backers, however, were wrong in their summing, up, as the outsider Merry Belle, who raced in Mr. Sam Horderns colors, saored cleverly from the Warwick Farm representativo Happy Land, while Scotch- Lassie, who did not get very well away, finished third. Third on the list came tho Autumn Handicap. With Lady Trenton loft in up to the morning of the race, many thought thal Mr. John Mayô's filly was sure to sport . the black and blue sash. They were, however, dis- appointed, as Mr, Mayo knocked both her and the moderate Dolce out of ali events directly he arrived on the course. The _ field was reduced to a dozen, Utter, who carried a 71b penalty, going out favorite at 3 to 1, with the A.J.C. Dorby winner Trenchant-only a point behind her in the betting. Magnus also had a strong following amongst the out Bide public, while the Queenslander, Triton, was another that was .reputed to be capable of < doing something above the common. For the first six furlongs Bodkin made the pace^., when ahe gave place to Solon, who from that out was never headed and won, all out, by five I lengths from Trenohant, who finish ed very fast. Utter made a bold bid at the turn, but the weight told on , her and finding her boaten Delaney very wisely oascd Mr. Oxenham'a game little mare. The winner, Solon, ia by Martini-Henry from The Solent, and ia trained at Randwick by Harry Raynor. Ho did not go out unbacked, as several supported him to win small stakes at 10 to 1. As previously stated, Rever- sion won the Auction Stakes, after whioh he was put up to auction and knooked down to Mr. Crick at £40. Sertnm was also claimed and bought in at ¿£79, so that the club did fairly well out of the race. The public were very game when they took 3 to 1 about Warminster in a fiöld of 27 for the Welter. He ran fairly well, but was comfortably beaten by both King Jewel ana Camino, the former finishing in capital style, winning by nearly two lengths. Mr. Donald Wallace's colors-black jacket, white sleeves, and red cap-will be carried at the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting by Titan and the 2-year-old Destiny, whioh leave Melbourne this afternoon for Randwick. According to the wires there waB a fair attendance at the meeting held last Saturday at Caulfield. The leading item on the card was the St. Kilda Cup of a mile and three furlongs in which Foxtail beat Straightfire by three parts of a length. GJen Huntley, by Trenton, from Princess Alice, with 6st 111b, defeated Forward and Preston in the Fedoral Stakes, while Gaillardia got home in South Yarra Handicap. Tayforth won the Steeple- chase and Manon the Hurdle Raoe. From Melbourne it is reported that the committee of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club have decided to give Lord Hopetoun a complementary race meeting at Caulfield prior to his departure from Viotoria. Tho inclement weather on the south coast ha3 caused tho postponement of a race meeting whioh waa to have been hold at Pambula. The adjourned annual general meeting of the > Nowcastlo Jockey C!ub was held on March 16, when the report and balance-sheet were unanimously adopted. Tho balance-sheet showed that on January ' 1 the club had a credit balance of ¿6356. The old committeo wero re-elected, and Messrs. Nickisson and Halbert were appointed auditors. Mr. R. Fleming, jun., is temporarily performing the duties of secretary. "Reginald" is of the opinion that,there was a, , champion unearthed at Gundagai recently in the shape of an aged bay gelding named Led Astray, said to be by Biuogown from a Snowden mare. On the first day t of the mooting he wont to the front at the fall of the ' flag in the Stewards' Handicap, ono mile, and never giving his opponents the ghost of a chance, winning by any number of lengths in the capital time of lmin 43èsec. Thon, on tho socond day, m the Town Plate, one and a quarter mile, he pursned the same tactics aa ( on the first day. with tho result that he beat both Geral- dine and Babette like hacks, and got to the end of the journey, without being extended in any part of it, in 2min ÍÓisec. Led Astray ig a tremendous lengthy golding, and altogether, ia nicely put together. He has boen racing now for a number of years and only recently started in and won a hack race at Jugiong. Ho was, I believe, on offer not long since for a tenner, but nobody seemed anxious to become possessed of him oven at that small sum. His legs are as sound as a boll, and ho looks ono of those hardy little ens tomer-j rhat will kcop training on and never be sick or sorr~ a day. Thf wo'¡-performed Linburn, by Newminster from Sunbeam, haa been purchased by tho Flemington trainor Jamc3 Lynch. ' Menangle mado his first public appearance as a hurdlechaser at tho recent Gundagai meeting, -and . shaped really well for a beginner. The jockey Buxton, who was badly hurt in the _ V.R.C. Bourke Handicap, has sufficiently recovered to return to hi« homo at Adelaide. ** The Warwick Farm Club announce a pony ana. galloway race meeting on April 7, at Canterbury Park. The Tasmanian horse Bischoff baa boen given over to tbe well-known Ballarat trainer. Jim Scobie. While oontosting in tho Steopleohaso at Sandown Park one of tho competitors, " Knight, foil, and was so seriously injured that it had to bo i destroyed.' Betting"ovèrthe'V.R.C.T>erbyand Melbourne Cup.j has alrea'dy commenced. "The favorite piokis Dream- land for both events. The heavy raia'which has fallen in the Richmond district has brougn't about "the postponement of the looal Tattersalls 'Race Meeting, which was to have been held at Casino last Saturday. Mr.W.TIelso returned fíóm Mel'-'ourneon Marohl4, bringing back The Captain and ' five yearlings pur- chased by 'a patron' of his atablo. Tho St. Albans trio-Cooya, Bradford, and Stead- fast-have arrived at Randwick, and are now located at the A.J.C. Hotel with Carnage and Warfare. It appears but a'short time since that tho A.J.C. Committee were asked for leave' of absence by one of their number (MrV Vincent'Dowling), for the purpose of a trip to benefit'his health. To my surprise Mr. Dowling' baa not only had" hia trip, but arrived back again looking the better for it. Mr. Dowling has. during the' interval been across the Indian " Ocean to Calcutta, viewing many places famous in history and interest- ing to the traveller. * Mr. Dowling, however, had his eve to business, and has brought back with him an Arab sire. In hia journeyinga he saw many of the breed, and describes them all aa being under 14.2 fair measurement. If ovor that height they were as a rulo not pure bred. _ Mr. Dowling'« purchase is a brown, named Arab Chief, 6yrs old, of Taglao Jidoan breed, imported from Aniza. He waa landed safely, and will bo taken up to Luo. Word has been received that the speedy pony Cromwell has won in Ceylon. Cromwell was pur- chased specially to oppose a crack Indian* pony whioh was carri mg all before it in that quarter. Tho selec- tion was loft to Mr. Earnshaw, who picked out Crom- well as the most likely one to chook tho Indian won- der, and it appears to have been a very happy choice The death is reported of the stallion All Gold. It appears that he broke his log in his box through some means, and had to be destroyed. All Gold was by Infidel (imp.) from Golden Locka by King Tom (imp.). Eaco meetings to bo held at Nevertire, Myall (Dubbo), and Thuddungra have been registered. Grafton und District Amateur Turi Club, Miohelago Border Amateur Racing Club, Rylstone, Wentworth, and Mahonga race moetings hav8 been registored. There wo s a splendid attendance on March 16 at the Kensington course. The track was in capital ordor and the v/hole of the proceedings got through without a hitoii. Frobi8her won the handicap for 14h 2in, while Autocrat won the Fourteen Hands Race. Tommy seoured the race for 13h lin, and the race for those of a hand higher went to Merveille. In the Thirtoen-three Handicap Verbena was the winner, and Darklight won the Kensington Handicap by a head after a great race. Tho southern district mares Babotto and Moss IÎ030 have been put into the paddock, where thoy will bo indulged in a well-morited spell. Baokers had a fair time of it on March 16 at Moore- field, when ev^erything assisted to,make,ij¡ a most en joyablo afternoon^ sport, "Commencing with the Pony Handicap, Wild Duck was sont' out a firm favorito ata po 2, but Pink 'Un getting a break at the Btartled aUtheway^nd won. Lady, the winner of the Weltor.Handioap, went out at 3 tp 1 and won cleverly, bu}¡ the £iny Handicap wà^ productive of a; keen ti contest between Beat Shot and Black Jack', the ' latter . winning. Had Stella run kindly in the straight run home, she might have won the'BIakehurst Handicap. She, how- ever, sworved out, and Forget-me-not Boored a clever win from Princess May. The most recent addition to the galloway ranka, Creeper, scored the Galloway Handicap, while a deadhoat was reoordod for second place between Kildare and Brightlight. Twenty Winks scored a neck win in the Tempe Handicap from Vortex, who led from the jump up to the last few Btridea. This concluded the programme, whioh waa run through without a mishap of any kind. Ownei'B mado free uso of their pen last Monday in connection with the Donoastor Handicap, when 65 of thoae entered were knooked out, leaving 32 still in. Backers of doubles were thus put into a lot of trouble as thoy had backed freely on such horses as Brook- leigh, Burton, Salutation, and others. The knocking of everything out exoopt Marvel by the Chippiner Norton people tells that the horse must be pretty well himsolf again. For the Sydney Cup the acceptors number 33, the withdrawals beiner : Brookleigh, Stern chaser, Elswiak, Ronda, Mahoo, The Clown, Division, First Demon, Miletos, His Rsvorenoe, Burton, Bessie M'Carthy, .Pulvil, Delaware," Ballater* Salutation, Rei, and Bodkin. a A capital Jot of entries were received on Monday for the leading events of the forthcoming Autumn Raoe Mooting at Rosehill. A total of 61 was received for the Rosehill Stakes and 51 for the Rosehill Cup. The Chipping Norton team, consisting of Marvel, Shamrook,-Salutation, Burton, Gloria, Gerard, Dona tion,*"Rose Noble/and Patroness, returned from Vic- toria by rail on Suuday. They left .the train at Liverpool, and were at once taken home. Should thia weather oontinue and the river rise, it-is jusfpossible that they might not get over -in time tto attend at Randwick on Saturday. . . . Raoe meetings to be held at Barmedman and Goola- gong have -been registered. - Tho annual general meeting of the mombers of Tattersall^ Club will be held on March 20, when the busineaa will be of the usual nature. The speedy Parramatta has arrived from Victoria to take part in the A.J.C. meeting, another arrival is the 2-year-old Carlton. At a meeting of Tatteraall's committee, held Mon- day, it was deoided that backers of His Eminence in the Park Stakes at Canterbury Park, on February last, do not lose. Those that kept their tickets will thus be able to got their money back. Mr. S. R. Kennedy complains of the weight allotted to the horse Sneaker in the Steeple- chase (lOst 91b), and wanta to know how it can be reconciled with that apportioned Castlebar, 9st 31b. Sneaker won a ateeplechase at Rosehill, and started throe times at Randwiok without once getting round. Castlebar won the last Eteeplechase at Randwick, and is only raisod 31b. Sneakor whon he won at Rosehill carried 9st 91b, he is consequently raised 161b, though he nover got over the Randwick course, falling twice out of three starts. Mr. Kennedy naturally wants to know how it is that Mr. Scarr raises Sneaker 161b for winning at Rosehill and falling at Randwick, while ho puts Castlebar up only 31b for winning at «andwiok. The Kensington Racing Club have deoided that thoy will hold a race mooting on March 27, when a most attractive programme will be run through, well "worthy the patronage of the intercolonial visitors. For their mootinc on Thursday next * total of 58 entries wore rooaived. . . ' " '* 