THE LATE FRED LESLIE. 80METHING ABOUT GAIETY BURLESQUE. FIRST NOTICE. Amongst tlio books worth reading, upon which there is onto to bo a ran at Motion's, few are likely to draw Melbonrao roaders more than tho nowly published (tooollcotlons of Fred Leelio, by W, 8. Vincent. In two handsomo volnmes, profascly illustrated, an old frlond from boyhood, a journalist and joint author with Lctlio of his last great success, Cinder Ellen Up Too Lite, recounts tho story of his lifo from start to finish. His early proclivity for the stage, his successes as an amateur, tbo ruso by which ho suc ceeded in getting ids foot upon tho rogulnr boards, his liardly-won soccosi, his triumphs in America, in England and Australia, all aro fallyrccordod. Thcro Ih no Uckoi amusing stories to enliven tho narrstivo, nor aro dotail of his homo life and private relationship want ing. Tbo picture is given, Cromwell fashion, warts and all, «ith the result that whon you oloee too book you fully know tho man, hi" strength, his weakness. The lives of great actors have as books generally boco arrant failures, faulty In construction, painfully deficient in interest. No nob complaint can be brought against the presont work. Mr Vincent is in ; fullest sympathy with his subject, knows his story thoroughly, has turuod his literary skill to such good aocount that from tho day of Lesllo's birth, 1st April, 1855, down to tho dark December morning, 1892, when typhoid fever olaimod its victim, toe in terest cover (lags. Tho enforced retirement of Miss Farron, through ilinoss, and tho doatb of Leslie havo almost quenehed what admirers called " Tho Saorcd Lamp of Gaioty Burlosqoe." Whothor It was ovor worth lighting, or worth maintaining at such expenditure of vitality and artlstlo gcnius.may well be questioned. Like many other siiiy things well done, bnt eoarco worth tbo troublo of doing well, it wilt havo ita day and coasc to bo ; hut tho lifo of its high priest and Magnus Apollo ia frauuht with instruction for atago-struok youngsters, and may well givo thorn p&tiso.; Strenuous and unremitting toil, an overstrained uorvotLA system, and early death at thirty.sovon, soom too high a prioo to pay avbu for sueot-ss like Leslie's and a fori ono of L1G,000. Tho game was scarcely worth too candle. EARLY LIFE. Tbo Hobsons, of Woolwich, military onlG'tors in a good way, woio not the first, noraro they likely to bo tho lost, of our middle class families devotod to ohuroli or cbapol, . who mako tho appalling discovery that one of thoir brood is that rora avis, a bora aotor. Good Mrn Ilobson, loft widowed with eight chlldron to bring up, and a busi ness to manogo, eucccodod in ovoryLhinu nho undertook, navo in arresting hor youngest boy's pORchantfor tbo ntcgo. Good schooling, both at home and afterwards iu Franco, roju- lur churuh-going, maicrnal expostulation, nil failed to stom tho tido that set so strongly iheatrcwardn. Tho ohurab itself must ho orcdited with somo of tho respon sibility for having foBtorcd young Fred's dramatic taato ; for at penny readings and parojblal fcslivals ho won euoh applause by his boyish recitations that in duo courso ho found a place amongst tho amateurs at tho Royal Artilloiy Theatre. Hero ho chinfly afiboted old mon roles, but on occasion wan roady to fly at any gaino, high or low, that ollorod. Tho groat unibition of thcHO oarly days was to play Lonr in a London theatre, nor did this longing for tho higher and raoro sorious walks of the drama over dosort him ; burlcaquo wua only a road towards a predeter mined goal, tho manngenient of a Lordon thoatro and sorious purls, and for this ho wan proparing when death oloscd his ca- ' AN UNREHEARSED EFFECT. In Ihoao Woolwich days too play was ono night the popular Oolloon Bawn, and Frod Letlie, for he had thus early adoptod his nomde thoatro, was Danny Mann, too hunohbaok, a part ho greatly fancied. All wont well until towfu-ds the oIoho, when Danny's knowledge of the >oxt gavo out. Dauiiy, shot in thocavo whllo trylngto drown tho Oolloon, has boon taken to hie mother's hat, uud thcro has to ocufuss and glvo up tho ghost lu viow of tho audience, The bod on which Master Fred lay was in tho centra of tho stage. I'uor Duuuy'it lalo was told with all tho convulnions and means w hioh enhanco the clToct of the death ntrugglo; whmi, lol with the final twiugc, olf oatuu tho coverlet, rovnallug under the bedsload a soldier, lying at full length with a book aud candle, prompting tlio nctor ubovo him, lino by lino. Tho house rourad with laughter, nnd the our- tain fell rapidly upon the anti-ulitnax. It was fortunate for ' Mr Froil Loslio " that ho had unt (o riicw hiinBelf again upon tho stago thut night. EARLY DAYS IN STAGELAND. By too tima hu wuh t weuty hu had risen lu tho 0tnblLineuot of Mcssra l'taier, tho well, known i.ondou army ouutraotom, to a salary of LINO a year, with tho nortdnty of sttcody proniotinn, fait lu 1378 ho throw all this up to nooept nn engagement to pluy first rid raon at tlio Royalty Thoatio uunsr Miss lCle Sautloy's m&cagomont; at tho prluooly sol-iry of Ll a woL'k Tho late Lionel lirougli was lo star in Paul Pry, and l.e»lio whs tie Colonel Hardy. His first appour- 'uuco was a dreadful fissoo. To so- ouro the' ' ' ongagomont ho ' profcHsod to kuow oil about tho pnrt, lu fust, ko had novor rond it, or oven soon' tho play, but the chance was ton good to loso, so lio sat up all night to study it, with tho rosuktout liawsA soundly hiHxod. Confosd- lug tbo truth, ho boggod foe anothor chunoe so oaruestly that MLs SsnUoy At' last con- sooted, nnd by too third night lioth manager- es and fliar were foracd to ackuowlodgotlt.it hu wustho bcoi Colonel Ht»r3y tbey hid trvor seen. A year's hard work ut the Royalty won for the young aspirant too goodwill of his ' fellows nnd - too favor of ihi- 'ciuHoucu,' but " by those .arbiters of destiny, too critics, hu was either Ignored or hiuUuoh suippcti of praise dolod out as might havo nourod ouo of leva duter- mlnod mottle. Still hu ntruggl.nl on, maklug way slowly ttlHn comic npcra ho found lifa fact and bcoamo iu request. In 1870 he married tho Hweo'.hcart of his childhood, MLs Louie Agnte, to whom ho owad twolvo years of happy wedded lifo, and whoso oarly doath just boforo his scooud visit to AmitruUu osstasbudow upon tha slant remnentof his oaroor. AJter two years at tho Alhnml, whore his salary rora to L12, nnd finally Liu, bo noraptcd an American ongago mont at L25 a week, and thoro first mot with that stlmulutiog eu- ooursgemaiit, both from tho Proas nnd his audience, tho lack of which hud boon so keenly folt in England. Thoro, in live months, he won a position whioh fivo yoarn' hard woitk in England kad failed to onnuro, and on Ills roturn to England hu brought with him a throe years' engagement, to begin in Anuost, 1882, nt L25 a wooli first your, L35 second, iknd L lO tho third. Boforo his roturn to Amorloa, howovor, a ohanco mooting wi;h H. B. Farnie, tha well-known librettist of so many coplo operas, led to an ongagomont at tho Coniody Thoatro.' to oioato tho part of Rip in a oorio oomio oporstio vorsion of Rip Van Winklo at a salary of L25 a week. This waa In roolity-tho crowning artistlo suo- ooaa of Lssllo's lifo. Press aud puhliu were for oho<t In fullest accord. Tho American engagement hid to be pnstponod und for 100 nights Ii-wlln enjoyed his triumph. A SERVANT MAIDS CRITICISM OF " t HER MASTER. . LcslVa servant girl was sent to boo Rip, and during tlio lint act a good-natured noighbo ? pointed out hor matter whon ha was slnglog his song, Thoso Llttlo Heads now . Golden, which sho followed with Interest. In the third act when Old Rip croons the somo song in a faltering, apod voico, bnt fails to recall It, and breaks down, tho maid left the theatre and wont homo. Next day hor master askod hor how sho had onjoyed tho performance. "Oh, sir," sho roplled, MI like tho two plays yon acted in (moaning the first two oats), and your song was boantiful ; but after that they played another ploco (the third sot), aad somo old man came oo and tried to imtfato you and to sing yonr song, and ho forgot tho words, and ho couldn't do it a fait ; and I was so glad." AT THE TOP OF THE TREK. At toe end of 100 nights the manogcmo&t; raised his salary to L30 a week, but a tho farore increased beyond expectation, Leslio dccliood at tho ood of his nino months engagement to reaow it save at an ndvauoo oo L-IO. This waa declined, ao after 14th July, 1883, ho took a month's holiday beforo revisiting Araorica. Thoro ho toppod his pro- vioitH rucews to huoIi a degroo that Ijndon "Truth" wroto:— "Fred Leelio has gouo to America for tho sntary of n Cabinot Ministor, Knglieh managers feeling that they could only aflord to pay him that of a Secretary of Stoto." In April, 1834, no roturncd to England in such a stato of health thnt protracted roat was nceorsary, nnd not till Soptemlwr of that yoar did ho rcsnmo work, returning to tho Royal Comedy Thoatro, and to his old form in Rip ; a lengthonod provin cial tour following. To an interviewer bo gavo a peep into tho seamy rido of his lifo : " If yon think that oar book of lifo is a kind of gilt-odgod edition do luxo by comparison with that of tho olovor actors of yonr local oompanios who piny a scoro of new piecos ovory year, you may temper yoar judgment with moroy by recollooting how oxcocdingly arduous theeo burlotquo characters aro. Tho frequent changes of dress and maho-np, tho danulng, tho singiog, tlio constant ofaahioaco of spirit— nil this in most exhausting to tho norvous system, nnd in my own case has lod to sorions illness." Bnt, with all its draw backs, the ilfo was to his taste, and his aJTeo tion for tho stage never abated. He lovod his work ; ho enjoyed it when on the stago, und thoro was no aubjeot of thought or con versation mora congenial to him at all times than topics theatrical. Rip Van Winkle oamo to an end nt last, and tho hard-wrought aotor look a holiday trip In Frauco, ro- vinlting his old school, nud doing Paris. Ills opinion of French aotors and acting is worth tronnanbing : "My so joaru m Frauco taught mo nothing, or rather only one tiling, that too Paris standard of noting fa deteriorating. 1 saw bnt ono pnr- foot ploco of acting nut of the offorts of about 260 arlUti, nnd this from a man at a cheap theatre in a cheap ploco." For u second notico wo roservo what to onr rocdcra will provo tho most interesting part of thu book, Loslio's oonncotion with tbo Gaiety Company and his two visits to Aus- Joiik RKID, , 