III. I found four or five fellows in the ante-room when I entered, in the morn ing, all talking animatedly. Beaumont stood in front of the fire-place with a slip of paper in his hand, which fully explained to me what was the subject of I conversation. " Hallo, de Vismes!" he exclaimed, " you're a nice early bird, you are ; it's easy to see that you're a gentleman at large now, with no parades or duties to worry you. By-the-bye, just look at this paper—the room must be haunted by the ghost of a traveller for beer!" There was a general laugb at this, which luckily distracted attention from my face, which I felt had got somewhat red. I felt that there was here an oppor tunity to prove that I had certain duties, and for a second I meditated an impas sioned appeal on the superlative merits t of the beer brewed by Messrs. Burton & Trent. Nothing, however, came of the meditation. Alas for poor human nature 1 After I had breakfast, Beaumont drove me to his house in Palmeira Square. Lady Beaumont, whom I had known in the days when she lived with her grandfather, old Lord Kilrock, received me very cordially, and as a mark of special favor introduced me to the sou and heir, a sturdy baby of eighteen months. I must have disappointed his mother when I first saw him, for my gaze fas tened involuntarily on the face of the beautiful girl who carricd him into the room. " Bella!" I exclaimed, in delighted surprise. " How do you do, Mr. de Vismes ?" said Bella calmly, " I'm very glad to see you again." I could not help wishing that she had shown her gladness as plainly as I felt I had, but consoled myself with the thought that she must, of coarse, hare known I was coming, I could not help calling her Bella, it escaped me before I realised what I was saying. I think this would be a good oppor tunity for stating that I had known Miss Bella Burton in the old days when I had considered myself heir to a good pro perty. I had met her at a coontry house, in which we had been staying, and had fallen head over ears in love with her at ouce, but before I had de clared myself my army career had been cut short. Who she was I had not the faintest idea. It was enough for me to know that she was beautiful, and that I lored her with all my heart. " I'd no idea you two were old friends," said Beaumont. " By-the-bye," he con tinued, turning to his wife, " look what we found stuck all over the ante- room," and he handed her one of those wretched beer circulars. " What is the document ?" asked Bella curiously. Lady Beaumont showed it to her, and I saw Bella go crimson, and I wondered if she guessed my connection therewith. Then the Beaumonts left the room, and Bella turned to me and said:— " What do you think of beer, Mr. de Vismes ?" " I like it very much," I replied lamely. " I don't mean that; I mean as a career." " Well," I said, " I don't know, I think it's a splendid I like it aw fully. No, I don't; I mean I hate it." i Bella looked at me in astonishment, | and well she might; but she also looked rather hurt, which I could not under- j stand at all. " You don't seem quite to know your [ own mind on the subject," she said coldly, and then she left me by myself. J During the next two days I did my utmost to secure a tete-a-tete with her, | but without success. It was no use to argue with myself that I had no business | to tell her I loved her. I felt that, come what might, I must tell her. At J last I managed to find her alone in the drawing-room. I I " Bella," I began, " why have you avoided me like this ?" I I " Really, Mr, de Vismes," she replied, " I do not understand you. After what you said I should hare thought you would have been glad for me to avoid J you." j " Bella, how can you say such a thing ? j You must know that I have loved you ever since I first saw you. I cannot tell you how bitter it was to me not to be able to tell my love long ago. I have no right to tell you now—but I cannot keep silent; I cannot keep silent." " Why have you no right to tell me I now 7" she asked, gently. j " Because I have no means to keep a I wife—it is true that after many attempts I have at last succeeded in obtaining I employment, but it is not likely to be remunerative for a long time, neither is j the position one which I should ask you to share; but if you could only give me one ray of hope, I would work like a slave, and with your love to cheer me on I know I could vanquish every difficnlty." " What is the lowly position that you do not like to ask me to share." I paused in my rapid walk up and down the room, and stood in front of her. " I'm a traveller for Burton & Trent's beer," I blurted out in a shame-faced manner. " Then it was you who put those circulars ?" I nodded. Bella leant back in the armchair and gave way to uncontrollable laughter. Ripple after ripple of clear girlish laugh ter echoed through the room. " I'm sorry to be 60 deficient in humor as uot to understand the cause of your merriment," I said haughtily. " What a stiff little speech," was all Bella's reply. She seemed unable to stop laughing, however. Presently she stopped, aud, looking up at me, said : " I must beg your pardon, but really I could uot help it." Then she added, " Don't you know who I am ?" " I only know that you are the most adorable girl in the world." " Does my name suggest nothing to you ?" " Bella—beautiful." " I don't mean that. I wish you'd guess. But if you can't 1 must tell you. I'm the sole remaining partner in your firm—in fact, I am Messrs. Burton & Trent." I was flabbergasted, and sank down in the nearest chair. Bella Burton—Messrs. Burton. What a fool I was not to have found it out before! How she must despise me, I thought. I must appear as a mere fortune-hunter in her eyes. How humiliating! " Perhaps you are wondering wtiy you never knew ?" Then she did not think I was a mere fortune-hunter. "The iact is, I particularly asked Mrs. Manton, at whose house we first met, not to tell anyone, as I had such a horror of anyone trying to marry me for my money." She rose from her chair, and came towards me, and of course I got up too. Wc stood facing each other. "I can dirine what your thoughts are," she vent on, " bat / know you did not know of this." I was looking on the ground all this time. She changed her tone, and said lightly: " I must thank you for the admirable way in which you served my interests. Look at me," she went on ; " it's rude to look down like that. Do you know what I'm going to do ?" I looked up then at the beautiful, smiling face, and saw the tender light in the lovely blue eyes. " I don't know," I replied. " I'm going to marry one of my em ployees," she said, Bimply. The next moment she was in my arms, and I was kissing her passionately. < 