British and Foreign. Jabez Balfour arrested, c A Chinese squadron likely to visit Aus tralia. There are oh the railwavs of the United l Kingdom 17,439 locomotives of aU iypos, of which 85 per cent, are in use in Eng land and Wales, Sir Heqry Loch, in the Queen's name, to confer with Lobeh. British Governmen t to spend £7,000,000 „ in additions to the navy,. - The Kaiser Wiihelm and Prince Bis marck make friends again. The Japanese people are petitioning for the deportationing of missionaries. Some Spanish brigands abduct an heiress, and demand ransom. Old times. Another anarchist outrage at Barce lona. The Governor seriously wounded. The additions to the British navy in clude eight battle ships and four torpedo boats. A kerosene train-in Russia run into by a passenger train. Fifteen - persons killed. FUty prisoners escape from a prison in Tennessee, United States. Crawl through a sewer. Afghanistan virtually " becomes a "buffer Btate" between -India and Russian . Uncle in the affairs of B raziPmmfemiv. The-fighting re newed, «=HV More bluejackets for the British Navy. Personnel to be strengthened all through. General Lord Roberts says that "the Empire is ra" an extremely- hazardous position. The British-India liner Jumna took fire in the forehold off Batavia, Few bales of wool damaged. Third series of London wool sales to open on 1st May. Quantity to be ad mitted 400,000 bales. Another row in the French Chamber of Deputies. The Communists to the front. Republican guard clear the room. Practically an offensive and defensive alliance said to have been made between Great Biitain and Afghanistan. Dubois beats Linton in the return wheel race at Paris. In a run of 100 miles, the Frenchman won by a lap. Sir Henry Loch withdraws the Imperial police from Ma tabel eland. The South African Company to do their own work. Canon Whittingtou estimates the popu lation of New Guinea at 2,500,005, of which 350,000 belong to the Anglican Church. Mr Fitt, secretary North London Per manent Building Society, charged with falsifying the books. Defalcations, L37,000. Foreign Office considers the claim against the Netherlands Government in connection with the Costa Rica Packet to be excessive. The last census shows that there are no fewer than 3,000,000 of men over 30 years of age in America who have never been married. The French said to have taken pos session of Timbuc.too. This is the place where a cassowary ate a missionary and his hvmn book, too. According to the Birmingham "Post," Mr Gladstone is descended from King Duncan of Scotland. Another trouble for Macbeth's ghost. Mr H. M. Stanley has told an inter viewer that his Christmases have been rarely happy. He has spent 15 Christmas days in the wilds of Africa. In Austria, laborers who have passed the age of 60 may claim from the Go vernment a pension equal to one-third of the daily wages they received during their working years. Probably the smallest Republic in the world is Franceville, one of the islands of the New Hebrides. The inhabitants con sist of 40 Europeans and 500 black work men employed by a French company. The Sultan of Turkey is a monomaniac on the subject of carriages. He has been steadily engaged in making a collection of such vehicles for the past 20 years, and now has nearly 500 of all makes and kinds. According to statistics furnished by the Geological Survey, the production of coal in the United States last year was 179,600,000 tons. Of - this - amount Pennsylvania furnished over 99,000,000 tons, or more than one-half. Argentina must now be reckoned among the wine growing countries. The industry has been gaining ground rapidly of late. French and Italian stocks have in recent years been imported to supple ment the old Spaaish fi'tocks. Afghanistan has 6,000,000 of popula tion and no missionary , India one mis- sionary to 275,000, Persia one to 200,000, Thibet one to 2,000,000. If 40,000 mis- sionaries were sent to India, there would still be only one to every 50,000. Recently, in cleaning the statue of the Goddess of Liberty, which is ' poised on the highest pinnacle , of the Texas State Capitol, it was discovered that a swariii of bees had made their home m the hol low head of the goddess, using the nos trils as an entrance, and had filled it half full of honey. War is always at hand, in the present state of Europe, Lift nobody would dare to engage in it deliberately. The chances are too great. France must perish if she engages in an unsuccessful one ; and a victorious war, in which Germany was crushed by Fraatsh and Russia, would re sult in the subjection "of all Europe to the latter. , What a mockery if. af ter the victory; France Were -obliged to seek an allianoe with Germany— 1 Contemporary." 