THE BOUNDARY QUESTION. I That perennial subject which Aus ralian Ministers of the Crown hare played with for over a quarter of a century is once more under consideration. Ia June last the Premier of this colony addressed Sir James Patterson with the object of dealing definitely with the matter, and received a reply compounded of cool assurance and misplaced jocu larity. The... Victorian Premiers have never shown a disposition t* deal seriously with the disputed strip as regards its absolute ownership, unless it be to imply that the eastern colony has the stronger claim to it. Having sold land within the limits of South Australian territory, and collected Customs duties therefrom, Victoria claims the right of ownership on the ground of possession. Moreover, as her colony is the smallest on this continent, she affects to find in that fact full justification.for the claim her Premier hare persistently put for ward. But against these trivial contentions must be Bet the incontrovertible limit of the boundary as defined by Imperial proclamation. Thus the dispute re solves itself-into a point capable of easy solution. For many years that has been well known, but there appears to fee a political reason in one colony or the other, at various times, for taking up the subject add then hastily dropping it for a while, .Has. the Parlia ment of this colony any lack of work; or an' excess of - the' spirit of' oppo sition towards the Ministry, that Mr Kingston should seek to draw a scent acrossthetrail ? It may Le convenient to divert--the Attention of members from subjects that indue# adverse comment and hostile divisions, but on such an important question as the disputed boundary it is high time that South Australia acted decisively. Why should we . wait for Victoria before, submitting .the case to the Privy Council? Is it usual to ask for the ' consent of the respondent before the appellant submits his claim ? It really means that the Ghovernnents of this colony have not been sincere in their professed desire to end the dis pute; and Victorian Premiers have evidently acted on that assumption* knowing that whilethe difference continues our eastern neighbour will assert her authority over the narrow tract of country .that - separates the two colonies. Abbob Oat.—On Friday Ja«f, Auguit 3, Arbor -Day »a» celebrated at thsBoor's Plains School. The Chairman of ; the Kadina Board of Advice Mr, J, Malcolm, J.P., and Mr. F. W. Garner, attended on behalf of <be Board and took part in the pro ceeding*. Twenty trees were planted by the children around the schoolroom. After the planting; the friend*, visitor*, and scholars were invited to partake of tea and eakis pro : Tided by the ptrenta.^ Votes of- thanks were pazied to the parent*. The member* of the Board frit Tery much the abaenoe of Mr. Jas. Allen, sen,, who is still confined to his house through jllouf, Some of the trees planted , in pr-'*iou* jeari are looking very healthy. On Wednesday, Angusjt 1, Arbor Pay was observed :at Port IVokefisjd. jbe publia . aetiool children of that town were joined by the children- attending the provisional schools in ths aurrOundihg neighbourhood. The arrival, of the children in wagons bedecked with flowatf .and evergreens was a pleasing feature of the proceedings. The children of each school in tiie p&nession.; wore a dist mo tive sash . and marched; ronqd the town headed by,'" the" City ' 'Volunteer Band, whose serf ices were (toured by the Itayor (Air B. D. Roennteldt),. Healso provided tba children with laneheon and oranges, after whish r.tvnas jrarej, planted -and addresses: were delivered by tbe JkJayor, Messrs Millar and Hocking, and the Eer, i, D. Bennatt. The Mayor complimented the aobool teaebeps on the orderly oharaoter of .tbe childr. n. Si ml pleased tp be with them on that occasion t-« join them the ce'«"hr.« n o { Arbor D • v. Th«\v -n Id s»c Hi- r. tu^.r their pre'i *e*r ' ft' t-, ami i« 53-« li 'P"t! that ii would stimulate the children in tree planting it home. In the evening an enter tainment wa« held in tbe Foresters' Hall, the M'litary Band taking part. The proceeds were in aid of the village settleroe&ta.; Moee Gold Oke. — The b.i. Age hat brought for the Wallaroo Smelting Work* =45 ton* of gold ore from New South Wales mine*. Every steamer arriving from Newcastle bring* ore for these works. If the rupply continues at the present rate additional fur naces will have to be ereoted. Noxious Weeds.—For soma years past it has cost the District Counoils of the provinoe a considerable annual expenditure in tbe endeavour to eradicate noxious weeds— star thistles in particulir. Their destruction was deemed to be of the greatest moment, bat, if the following be true, the l*rge outlay. for years past lias been wor6e than thrown aW4y . << That pest to the grazier,- the star thistle, found a congenial home on the open country on the upper course of the Lodrton River (says "Thistledown" in tbe Aus tralasian). A few years ago the paddocks in the open country were covered with the weed, and to all appearances they were completely | ruined for pastoral purposes. The thistles grew with great luxuriance, often reaohing to a height of five feet. After a year or two it was noticed that tbe vigour of the plants seemed to abate, and year after year they became shorter, till at last they reached a height of only six inches. As the thistles waned the grass improved, and it was noted that it was much thicker and more vigorous than be/ore tbe land became infested with thistles- The most marked instance of this improvement in the pasture occurred in a paddonk some miles below Bridgewater. A friend, who lately paid this part of the country a visit, gave me the following description of this paddock. It consisted of. 200 acres, and before the star thistles ap peared fully one-half was bare of grass at all seasons of the year. The thistles grew for some years in differently on bare patches and on grass land. As the thistles began to fade away it was found that the pest bad not been au unmitigated evil, for where formerly there Was a large portion of bare ground there is now a thick sward of grass. The proprietor is quite satisfied that the grazing capacity of his land is now tnaeb greater than it was before the star thistle invaded his poddock. That the star thistle is a bad plant in a pasture all. who have become acquainted with it are well aware. No stock oan eat it, and for a time it occupies a greater portion of the surface, but. it dce< not stay many years, and wfien it takes its departure tbe grazing properties of the land are vastly im proved. Education and Crimb. -The Vio'orian Government Statisi has prepared some in teresting information obtained from the census returns of 1891. Ip that year the proportion of persons in prison ia Victoria was I out of every 600, as compared with 1 in every 534 ten years previously. Some writers seek to show that crime is increasing in Australia owing to the secular system of State educa tion ; but statistics do not justify suoh a con clusion Off to THE West.—Two parties of young men left Wallaroo Mines for Western Aus tralia last week, their destination being the Murchison in the one case and Cooigardie in the other. The attractions of the goldfields still induce earnest attention from our surplus workers. The Eobs Expedition. —The members of the scientific expedition sent out by Mr. W. A. Horn ts Central Australia have returned to OodnadaUe, after an absence of several months. They left for Adelaide by the train on Tuesday! It would be interesting to know . how much knowledge has been aoquired with reference to tbe mineral wealth of the interior. Something of the sort must be known, or there will be no knighthood for the projector. WAIiAROO Mabket.—We have been asked to draw attention to Maloolm & Co.'s sale at Wallaroo this (Wednesday) afternoon, when they, will eff«r a valuable section near Walla roo, an allotment in Wallaroo, and a superior lot of furniture. B.C. Chitbch, Boob's Plains.—Successful anniversary services were held in connection with the above on Sunday last. The Rev. W. O. North, of Port JJroughton, conducted tbe services at 2.30 and 8,30 before large con gregation?. The Eadina B.C. choir, under the leadership of Mr. J. H. Mitchell, rendered good- music. A public tea will be held this afternoon, to commence Bt 4 o'clock, and will be followed by a meeting. Addrepses will be delivered by Mr. North and others, and the Kadina friends will again assist. While Mr. North was coming from Port Broughton he was thrown from his horse through the .animal stnmbling. Fortunately he received no serious injury. The Old "VVai/laboo Jetty. —■ Upon the arrival of the midday train on Monday the Mayor of Wallaroo "(Mr. W. Bicbardson), Ore J.. S. Graft, J. Evans, and the Town Clerk (Mr. A. Young) met Mr. JLernot, the Resident Engineer at Port Wakefield, and then inspeoted the old jetty, with a view to having h&Jf; of it left for the accommo dation of fishermen and others, for mooring boats te, &e.; Mr. Kernot promised to send his report in by the next day's train to the Bail way Commissioners. It is to be toped that Or, Croft's movement in this matter will bear fruit, for there is no denying the fact that it will prove a boon to those who use the jetty, and save them many a long and weary from the new structure. VlCTOBlAH FlNAHGB.-=-Mr. Carter cannot find much pleasure in his office of Treasurer, for in his lately delivered Budget Speeela he showed that at the end of the next financial year be - expects an accrued deficit of £1,801,760 That means, practically, an incubus of two millions, fflp who ever knew an estimated deficiency to keep within tb» bounds hoped for by en anxiouB Treasurer ? The financial position will doubtless aooount for the reopQt action of the Premier in connection with the boundary .question. A row with South Australia would be a diverting attrac tion. Thus the financial position might be smoothed over for another year. Tbe WAS t? THE East. — Additional Chinese troops haw been sept to Qorea, while deserters are being promptly shot. 4-l'ht>neh the Japanese imprisoned Captain Gals worthy, the commander of the transport Sow Shung, tbe. demand of Great Britain that ^ he should be released has been complied with. Witb • a view to the preservation of German interests three German cruisers are now on their way toCorea. A bitterly hostile feeling is shown by the Bussian Press towards great Britain, yet the diplomatic relation! of tbe twp Powers are eaid to be in thorough acoord. The Bishobeic of Absd^xqh. — J?*en ! before Bishop Eennion has gene away bis clergymen are exciting themselves greatly npon tbe aaccessorship in the diocese (says " Pencil" in the Kapunda Herald). Some of the mpyt prominent and influential amongst tbem have declared that the new bishop must be a local man, end a vigorous canvas » being conducted on behalf of Canon Qreen. ?b« canon is one. of' tbe wittiest and ablest and most popular men in the Obqrob. Probably an imported cleric would not be as clever as be is, and the only thing urged against him, besides the fact that be is already here, is his love for excessive ritualism—genuflexions, csQtJlprburmng, and ail that sortof nonsense. Yet if the caqon be obosen, aome of his brethren in Christ will be exceedingly ve*rd and jealoas, «nd Dean Marryat will probably be not overpleased. The dean himself would be pretty generally supported if he were a candidate but for two principal reasons. He Is growiiig oldf fnd bis awful elocution would discredit ascboolboy. SaCHKD GoNCEKT. —O . Su H i. I < I, I P.- • F.iml, H V" . • - ' [ . ,■ [ U<tl "-'-li 2.30 ' i'i-l /. to, on both occasions was crowded to »he door long before the adrrriiuM hours. The crowd was so dense prior to the opening of the doors that two female*, slightly injured, had to be removed by the po ice, who wer* unahle te control the people, numbering from fire to aiz hundred. The doorkeeper, on opening the door in the evening, attempted to tflbe s collection from each person on paaaing through, bat the impatient and surging mini carried everything before it and it was not until the teats ware nearly all oocapied that the silver coin could find its way into the box of the assiduous attendant The follow ing programme was carried out with good tasta and expression before a well-conducted auditor? :—Pa; t sona, Company ; violin tolo, Miss Bella ; solo, Mr Ra'ph Steele ; handbells, Bellringers ; solo, Miss Kite Ms her ; quir tette, instrumental, Company ; handbell*, Bellringers; dnet, Misses Lizzie and Kate; selections, Mr Ralph Steele; handbells, Bellringers ; part song, Company j quartette, instrumental, Company; handbells, Bell ringers. Before the aloe* Mr Steele tendered the thanks of the Payne Family for the cordial support accorded them during their third visit to Moonta, and expressed the hope that they would soon be able to appear there again. Lecture.— The Rev. Joseph King, of Melbourne, will leoture in the Congregational Church, Kadina, to-night at 7.30., on " Our ships, or 99 years in the Pacific.". The lecture will be illustrated by beautiful limelight views. Collection in aid of-the ships' building fund. Thefts or Jewellery.—The burglars who recently stole jewels worth £10,000 belong ing to Prineess Soltykoff, from her residence in Buckinghamshire, mast be greatly disap pointed, for it -now transpires that although they possessed the key of a safe holding jewellery worth £100,000, they were unaware of the fact. The Prinpess has two souroes of consolation, tor her stolen finery was covered by insurance. That well-known Gaiety daneer, Miss Sylvia Grey, who delighted theatre-goers during her Australian tour three years ago, has recently been married ; but on her honey moon her servants deoamped with the fair lady's jewels, valued at £800. A G-irl Somnambulist Visits a Ceme tery.—This small hamlet of Roseville, S. Carolina, has been cl-timing a genuine ghost (says an exchange). Miss Hattie F. seeing her sister Lizze cresping from her bed and out of the window, called to her, but the girl was gone before she could even sammon aid to detain her, so ahe called to her brother, who slept in the adjoining room, to bring bis revolver and to follow her while she followed Lizzie. Lizzie led the way to the graveyard and prooeeded to take a solumn promenade about and around the graves. Several ghost hunters who had heard of previous nocturnal appearances of; this white figure, now arose from the bushfes and gave chase, but Miss Lizzie, seeming to understand that she was followed, sought refuge in the underground vault where lies a young man who has recently died. Tike seaohers for the ghoBt lost her here, but the brother and sister, seeing her enter, went in and found her sitting on the grating behind where the coffia was plaoed. Accosted indignantly, she made no reply, and they saw that she was fast asleep. So, fearing to subject her nerves to the shook of an awakening in suoh a place, tbey carried her home and put her to bed. She awoke the next morning perfectly ohlivious to the events of the night before ; but, on being questioned by her sister, confessed that for several nights she had dreamed that the young man referred to was not dead, but had called to her to come and release him from his tomb, and that she had also dreamed of going to the graveyard, but could never find him. Camel Caravans pob thb West.—A cor respondent writes to the Advertiser from Coondambo oa July 14 " The caravan of camels under the leadership of Mr Leishman, which left Farina in June last, en route to Cooigardie, have called at Wilgena to rest their oamels for a few days before thoir final departure for the west. They have sinoe been joined by another oaravan under the care of Mr H, O'Donohoe, from Stirling, who now returns to Port Augusta; These two caravans, consisting in all of 57, comprise the best lot of camels that have yet left for the west, and the proprietors, Messrs W. Thoroid Grant and R. G, Thoroid, have spared neither ttme nor money in getting them together. Forty- eight of these splendid animals were picked out of the famous herd bred by the B.P, Co., an j were purchased at a big coat. Eight of the others were bred by Mr Hughes, of Noca tunga, and ware purchased some time ago by the same owners at Stirling. These are all sound camels, and none over 4 years old. The remaining one, the famous Barndioota riding camel, is an imported bull, and was bought some time previous for a considerable sum, fhi» beast has been known to go in the heat of summer for nine weeks without water, and is capable' of travelling 500 miles without a drink «nd of going 60 miles a day. The whole caravan has been in training lately to go 10 days without a drink. The proprie tors, one of whom (Mr R. Grant Thoroid) accompanies thp carayan to the west, have every confidence of being able to o/oss a dry stage of @00 miles. The party, consisting of nine, are fully equipped for their long journey of 1,000 miles. These enterprising gentle men deserve the good wishes of all South Australians, and are showing to tbe neigh bouring colonies that there are at least some speculative men in our midst," Thb Danger of High-Heeled Booxs. — It has been stated that a young lady went one day to an oculist about a growing weakness in her pyee which prevented her reading. The oculist looked at her with his professional wisdom, asked her various questious, and then suddenly amazed her by asking her to put out her foot (says an Eng lish paper). The foot, in its kid boot with a very high keel, was thrust forth. The dootor eyed it a moment with a stolid facp. ** (Jo home," he said, " and take off those heels ; keep them off for a month, and then come to me again, and we'll see. how ths eyes are." In & inRRth the eyes were well; and the young lady learned that there is tbe possibility that, with an instrument of torture constantly at work in the centre of the foot, where so many delicate nerves and tendons lie that are 99 intimately pogneoted with all the other delicate nervps of thp b0(?y> there must presently come disarrangements . and disease that may work misohi'f wi h the health, Guest: " Waiter, bring me in some ripp padding." Waiter : " Poss, I can't just recommend de rice pudding to-day." "What's the matter with it?" 'cept dar ain't none." A burglar, aged 57, sentenced at Cam bridge to frve years4 penal servitude, has already spent 36 years of |iis life in gaol. A sergeant in a. volunteer corps being doubtful whether be bad distributed rifles to all the men, called oat—" All you that are without arms hold np your bands." Or. Thomas If, Jones, a physician who went to Milwaukee Jrqna J?ekin, Chins, possesieB, $mong many other curios, a copy of the Pekin Gazette, the oldest newspaper in the world. It- is said to have been published continuously ainee •bout 1000 a.d. The paper ia of smell size, and the news published in it relstea entirely tq the court, $tae edict* of tbe Emperor, and Government aftair* in general. In fact, it i> really an official Gazette of tbe Chinese court, tbough it ia published as a matter of private enterprise. 