A LATTER DAY GH03T. By Mbs M. L. RI-rss. Do I believe in ghosts ? Great Cs-ar's ghost, that Bratns saw on the eve of the battle of Phillipi, answer me." The earliest remembrance I have of supernatural things is the reading in the Bible o£ the ghost of Samuel, which appeared to "the witch of Endor, thereby frightening her nearly out of her own wits, for she knew she was quite incapable of producing spirit3 herself, and was shrewd enough to reeognizB a greater power present than her own. Besides that, we have had all kind of ghostly experiences in our own family. When my brother-in-law's cousin's husband lay on his deathbed there came tbree cracks of a whip over the looking-glass, which instantly was shivered from centre to circumference, and, as the nurse declared, "you could have walked on that glass and it wouldn't have cracked." And when my great uncle died the clock stopped of its own accord, and could never be coaxed to go again. There are those, I know, who will say tbat the three cracks of the whip were preliminary to the cracking of the glass from natural causes, and that the old clock ran down, being worn out with asje. Be that as it may, we all have a yearnicg for the supernatural, and would rather keep our ghosts in their unearthly habiliments as evidence of the vague world of mysticism, whence they stray for brief visits to frighten or instruct us. But I did have a serious fright from a ghostly appearance which my Scotch blood at once pronounced a " fetch," and it is just as near the supernatural world as I care to reach until I become a ghost myself and play pranks on my own account. The ghost in question first appeared at a seaside resort—a farmhouse where they eked out their scanty means by taking summer boarders. There my young friend, Kate Ellis, went after the dea'Ii of a dragon of an aunt, to whom she bad been bound as ixion to his wheel. As soon as Kate found herself free and able to enjoy life on the competence the aunt was obliged to leave her, she became morbid on the subject of her duty to the deceased. " If I had only been kinder to hor, done more for her, made her life more pleasant," she wailed. In vain we told her that she had done everything that could be done to comfort a cantankerous old woman, and she should now enjoy a well-earned rest— she would invariably return to her selfaccusations until she finally lost her health. Then it was that we prevailed upon her to go down to the seashore, to this isolated spot, and live out of doors. She had been away a month when I received a letter, summoning me to her side. She waB ill, and so changed I hardly recognised her. " It does not agree with you here. It is too lonely. You must come home with me." " Marie," she said in a faint, hollow voice, " I have seen Aunt Selina." I stared at her without uttering a word. " It is true. The spirit of the dead can come back. I have seen her twice -—she looked angelic—all in lovely white—with a veil over her like a bride." I laughed aloud. That homely, yellow, scraggy aunt of hers appearing in such a guise was too much for me. But I saw how deadly in earnest poor Kate was, and I tried to be serious. " How did she appear to yoa, Kate ? In a dream ?" I asked, as I made room for her on the bench in the farmhouse garden where we could talk unobserved. "No, dear, I saw her in her own form, in the clothes closet of the room I sleep in. You know spirits must con- form to certain psychological conditions —she could not come through the door, so she attracted my attention to her. Each night an indescribable sound like a clap of distant thunder awakened me No one else heard it, I learned from inquiry of the family." " Did she talk to you ? Do you mean to tell me that she spoke to yoa 7" I asked incredulously. " That is the dreadful thing about it! I had not the courage to look at her a moment, or to hear her speak. 1 saw a reproachful lock on her poor, white face, and I—ob, Marie, I must have fainted, for when I awoke'it was daylight, and she was gone. There was no one in the • closet." " You imagined the whole thing," I said, out of patience with so much superstition. ' " But she came again the next night. I was determined that I would be strong and ask her' to forgive me for all the trouble I had caused her, but I was alone and so awfully afraid. It was. morning before I dared to open the door of the closet and then—" She shuddered and looked around fearfully. " And then ?" I promoted. " Then I felt stronger and opened the door. Yes, she was there in such a marvelously beautiful dress, but with that same-sad, reproachful look on her rface, and before I- could speak she melted away from my sight." « Melted ?" "Yes. Dfimflterialized. It just " aeettred as if slie : vanished through the floor and I—I fainted again," • \- " Yon poor-'Child," I.-cried soothingly. " I shall sleep in that room to-night, •and you shaU take the one they have j reserved for . jner : I believe -perjecfcly in the theory, of ighosts,vbut -when itxoines to their actual presence, I am not so •sure. However I would be glad, to see : even A tint Selina. You know I always detested her, and I am a good baler, but •if she comes back to fee fojgiyen I'm aot fw but tb»t I mil fprj&te; Jut," i "Don't dear, you hurt mie," said Kate, meekly. " I hurt for your healing," I re- • ponded ; "to-night, then, bring on your ghost. Oh, by the way, are you qaite sura this is not a prank of eome- <>ne in the house ? Have you mentioned the circumstances 7" "Not to-amorial - except-yourself. I •lo not want to be the laughing stoek of ohe house. It is not given to everyone to see the spirits of the departed." "Thank goodness!" I ejaculated fervently, and then I became suddenly quiet as I studied the white face of my friend and dreaded the apro&ch; of night, Yes, I may as well own it. It was one thing to sit in the open air and in the sunlight and hear a story about ghosts, and another thing to be alone in a strange house at the time when the powers of darkness are abroad, and expect to see one. It was no proof that there were no ghosts because I had never see one. My Sootch ancestors had been gifted with second sight—why not I P Nonsense ! They li ved in a superstitious a?e, and imagined things. Joshua would never hare command*! the sun to stand (till if he had bnown it never moved. I took my courage Dy the throat and dared it to fouake me. I slept in the haunted room. Yes, and I, too was awakenei by that sound -as of distant thunder! I had left the light burning, and looking at my watch I found that it was midnight, I cfluclu'led someone, was up in the iiouse, and then I distinctly heard a sound in the closet—a vague, muffled, uncanny sound! I never was so wide awake in ay life! And 1 wee determieed then and there te penetrate the mystery, evea if I perished in the attempt. Frightened ? Oh, n-n-no indeed 1 I shook as if with an ague, but that was excitement, I told myself. To confront a bodyless spirit, an entity, the shadow of a substance, an unhollowed mirage, a vision, something that neither rested in the grave nor dwelt in paradise—-iare I open a door between two worlds and face this thing of wonder ? Then I thought of Aunt Selina, who kept everybody uncomfortable while she was in this world; and wis now exceeding her mission by the same disposition as of old. My thoughts took a more wholesome and natural turn. I would frustrate the old dame if I couli. I laid my hands on th9 knob ef the closet door. It shtok as if someone held it on the other side, and the door began slowly to open. I peeped. Good heavens ! A woman stood there, and if it wasn't Aunt Selina, it looked enough like her to ba that antique specimen, even to the widow's weeds, which I saw by that glance she still wore. Strange to say, I was not as much frightened as I expected to be, or else I was too badly frightened to know it, and so, in that half-unconscious condition, I pulled open the closet door to fullest extent, and facing the black-robed apparition I shrieked aloud : " Well Annt Selina, what do you want ?" For a full minute rre stared at each other, then I began to laugh hysterically, and soon I heard Kate and members of the family pounding oa the door. I admitted them, and pointing to the ghost, which had not yet evaporated, asked tragically : " What does this mean ?'' " Aunt Selina!" gasped Marie. " Nothing of the kind," I said, dragging the widdow's bonnet and veil from the black clad figure, "look !" " Please be careful," said a sharpvoieed women, stepping in to the rescue; "we do dressmaking, ani that's my dummy. I don't want that new suit of mourning spoiled." " How did your dummy get into that closet ?" " Oh, there used to be a dumb-waiter there when we kept hotel. I had a wedding dress on it the last two nights, and how this mournin' order. I just run, 'em up to keep 'em from being handled." " At the risk of frightening your boarders out of their senses. You can have your closet and room both, as we are going back to town as soon as it is light." Which we did, and I am not sure tbat we were not both disappointed at the tame denouement to our nineteenth century ghost story; which after all does not explode the theory, though it does show how much imagination may do in outlining ghostly features. 