Under the Shadow of Criirie I-../ NoW.FlEST PUBW8HBD. OR fHE MYSTERY OF CLEHEHT DBNRAYEH. By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of a "Girl in a Thousand," "Sealed , by a Kiss," "By lair Means," " Touch and Go," &o.; All Queensland Rioirre Reserved. CHAPTER XI. — ( Conthiued.) ' "Well, it will liuve to for the present, and if marriage should eome to mo luter I can give it up,' alio said with a laugh which by no means came from her heart,' sore and heavily -weighted by tho secret that she felt would cost her far more to guard than she had ever anticipated when she promised Clement Dunraven that sho would bo silent. ' Some of theBO rich swells, lass. "Who knows, perhaps Sir Miles fancies you. Depend on it, he doesn't come hero for nothing.' Lisbeth shivered. She hated herself for the lie she had told, but managed to answer composedly : ' I shall never marry Sir Miles. Polks say ho is sweet on Miss Delane.' ' What, Delano the millionaire's heir ess ? He knows which side his bread is buttered. But don't you flout him, girl, don't you flout him. Heiresses are not always easy to wiu, and this one may have other adorers.' Strange that during all their conversa tion Pierce Vuugtiun's name had nover once been mentioned, and yet he was its keynote. Had it not boen for him, Jim Glendinning would searcely huvo corao to Coleshill, where, be was fully aware, he would be received with avorsion and cut by most of the inhabitants. An hour later tho hardened old sinner was sleeping boavily in tho room he had occupied as ahoy, but without tho recol lections of his childhood causing him any emotion. Ho dozed o£E chuckling to himself over the mine he had it in his power to spring on Lisbetb, for since Pierce Vaughan had told him that he had scon Lisbeth enter the house in the City lloacl, this astute old fox bad no doubt but that 3he and the husband's cousin wcro one und tho same person, though what Lisbcth's motive was for merging her identity into that of an unknown Ellis he had not yet dis covered, but.ho intended to make further inquiries on his return to tho metropolis. Tho morning was dull and gray as in the early dawn ho took loavo of his daughter. DeBt not to let tiny of the neighbours soe him if he could help it, he said, and truly reliovcd was Lisbeth, when having given him a cup of hot coffeo, she saw him depart. Would she have felt as thankful had she known how thoroughly he disbelieved in tho existence of Aunt Ellis's husband's cousin. CHAPTER XII. A Rash Act. Why did not Pierce Vaughan propose to Elvira Delane and recoup himself by hor amplo fortune for tho disappointment his uncle's will had occasioned him ? Had he done so much that was trouble some and difficult would have been over come. But it was not in Piorco Vaughnn's naturo to let hygoneB bo bygones and seek philosophically to make the boat of lifo. Ho must for ever be fretting and searobing and intriguing. Were it not for such as he the world would roll on easior wheels, but then pcrehanoe mis deeds and cruel wrong would frequently pass unpunished. He had a grudge against Clemont Dunraven for. robbing him, as he con sidered, of his birthright. Cheating him out of Aboyne Court as he shrewdly uapeoted by no fair means. He was resolved to leave no stone unturned until he had in some way revenged himself on Sir Clement. All this was far nearer his heart than either Elvira Dclnne or hor gold. Besides, dainty little beauty though Elvira was, sho scarcely of late usurped the first place in his feelings, if a man so devoid of real affection as Piorco Vaughan wan could be credited with feelings. Elvira herself thought thut Lady Maroia Foljambe was her rival, hut in this she wan mistaken, Lady Maroia was merely a useful friend, a Btopping-stone by whioh Pioroe hoped to carry out some of tho sohemoB he had in view. Tho individual for whom ho had eleoted to oonoeive a passion, probably because she avoided and flouted him — was Lisbeth Glendinning. No moro complicating or disastrous attachment could, under theioiroumstauoes, possibly have arisen. When Pierce Vaughan came down to Erentwells to stay at Lady Mavoia's and pretend to the world that he was the devoted cavalier of the gushing widow, it was beoause he knew that Lisbeth bad returned to the Coloshill Cottage, and that he could occa sionally walk ovor and, as he hoped, improve the occasion with hor. It wos only a few hours nftor Jim Glendinning's departure that ho started across the fields to pay his first visit. How he would be reoeived he did not know, and— new sensation to this blase oynic — - he dreaded the reception ho might moot with from Lisbetb, presuming it should he a oold one, until ho felt as sliy and unoomfortablo as a boy of 18 bound on a . . love affair for tho first time. To reaoh tho cottage from Erentwells it was necessary to go through Coleshill, r and there he saw a good many of the idle v inhabitants standing about in groups talking ; among them wiis the garrulous old woman he had previously met in the cottage garden. v She recognised him at once, and made a curtesy, probably in anticipation of a tip: Bat Pierce Vaughan was '.one of thoso men who gave ' nothing for nothing and very little for a halfpenny.' Ho might perchance got a halfpenny worth out of thiB.' old hag ho thought, so he y called hor to come and speuk to him, ,i ' ' aekiug hor what event of importance hacl V . OQOurred Ja Iwhioh half at least, of the Colcshilljgopulation was so intorq'stqd.;- ; , J' ' It's either a ghost or a . backslider your bpnouV,v and.po one loan Just iniike up .their minds wnioli itii.' < Vv. ' What tho deuce do you mean by a ghost or a baokslider, old mother V ' Why, Jim' Giehdinniiig, Lisboth'e father, as was convicted for a bad burglary and got twenty years. In tho flesh or out pf the flesh ho has walked through the town this morning, and Sam Styles, he do Bay as ho seen him yesternight.' ' Pooh— notsenBO. Sam Styles must liavo been drinking, and he lmd set you all off bolievingin the absurdities hohasseeu in bis pups. Jim Glendinning has been dead this many a day. Old Josh told Sir Loiur nil about it years ago,' 'Meroy alive, then it waur his ghost.. I said as it wauv. Lord, I feel my back is a openin' and shuttin'. 1 seen it myself.' Pierco Vaughan laughed. 'You have seen some stranger who has a resemblance to Jim Glendinning, or what you ull imagine Jim would he like if ho were alive. And you got up as much sensation- as if the world wero coming to an end. I thought the Coles hill people had more sense. Upon my word I am ashamed of yon all.' ' Ah, you great gents haven't no belief,' said tho old wifo with a sigh. ' It did not please hor to bo cheated out of hor link with the supernatural. The only compensation for which would be the horror they would all feel at having such a vagabond as Jim Glendinning onco more iu their midst. ' I beliovo in nomctbing,' replied Pierce Vuughuu still laughing, but looking very oynical. ' I believe that a bit of coin will lay most ghosts.' He put his hand into his pocket, and at first intended to give her half a sovereign, the next instant lio'cnmo to the conclusion that five shillings would be onougb. So ho handed her fivo shillings and told hor to rofmh herself and her neighbours and lay the ghost, for no good would come to Coleshill as long 03 snch like tales were bandied from mouth to mouth. She made him a deeper curtesy than before, and assured him his spirit would never walk, bo would rest peacefully in his gravo if only for that day's kindness. With fivo shillings Pierco Vaughan bnd bought the good report of the Coleshill gossips, and if ho hud not laid Jim Glen dinning's ghost, he had laid tho talk his own occasional visits to tho cottage might hare occasioned. On leaving tho old woman after giving her this magnificent present, he said in a casual tone . ' ' I was going up to Aboyne Court, hut I will go round by tho cottage and see if Miss Glendinning lias heard or been nnnoyed by any of thiB nonsense.' Pierce Vaughan was never really happy unless he could pavo the way for his next step forward. 'So,' hem uttered to himself, as he strodo on loaving the High street behind him, that blaokguard has found his way down here has he. I shall have to he careful, very careful, or he will spoil my game with Lisbeth ; yet he is a useful man,. a very useful man. "Unscrupulous people who will do your work for a considera- tiou, and who can hold their tongues are not to he fallen in with everyday, and thin mnn can hold his tonone. I havo dieoovorcd that by his reticenco in per sonal affairs. Pity that Lisbeth has got suoh a father, it .will spoil her oliancc of marrying. . She is beautiful as Juno, a paragon of a woman, and there is no saying — wero it not for him— but that I — . If sho only lmd Misb Delano's monoy ! You must not lcBe your head Pierce, you must not loso your head. There are many considerations to be studied.' And so murmuring to himself he knocked at the front door. He was just about to do so a second time when Liebeth opened it, no very delightful ex pression coming into her handsome face whon sho saw who her visitor was. Neither in London, nor at Coleshill was sho to ho free from this uiuii'e assiduities. She would have hidden liira go about his business and havo slammed the door in liis face, only expodienoy— the gaunt giant that sways so many of our actions — forbade.it. Lisbeth found herself forced to be civil and look pleasant. Three minutes later Pierco Vaughan was even sitting in tbo.chuir Clemont Duni'uven had occupied on the previous evening and. was gnzing round the pretty parlour with a very approving glaneo. He thought that this beautiful girl was ovon less ' of tho people' than ho had imagined hor, if she could arrange her room with so mueh artietio tasto. His eyes wandered from these eur- ronndings to her fuco and the ardent ad miration they showed ell too plainly, caused the hot blood of indignation to redden Lisbetli'b oheeke, thus, rendering her, although she was quite unaware of it, even more attractive than before, en hanced as hor beauty was by tho flash ing of her dark eyes und . the proud toes of her well-poised head. ' Teach not thy lips suah scorn for thoy wero made for kissing, lady — not for suoh coutompt,' said Piorco, quoting Shake speare, though of this Lieboth was ignorant, since in booklore she was wholly unversed. In fuot it would have boon very diffi cult to have collected six books in Coles hill Cottage, for though Lisbeth lmd had a- fair education and could read easily and write grammatically, 6ho had always found too muoh work to/do in her home to have time to sit and read. Not having any intimate acquaintance then with the great bard'e immortal playB Pierco Vuughan's quotations 'riled ' her to madness. How daro lie talk about kissing hjr lips, and in a fury she forgot expediency and bade him he gone if he bad come there to insult her. Hor anger, however, had quito a con trary effect to what she intended, for it served only to rnnko him ten times more appreciative of lior charms, He gloried that he had aroused the, lion in her nature, still he. was. shrewd enough to know that if she were to bo won, she muBt bo gently wooed. , Ho did not however recognise what n difficult task lie had undertaken. Not that he would hove shrunk from it on that account! ' To find , out what had passed between Lisbeth and his oousin, Cloment D unraven, was over proseut in his mind, and tjiiit he Would do so with lesadifflculty onnocount of hiB own newly- born infatuation for. Liebeth, he felt cer tain.! : .. /s# , to no'ooircurojm xo-xobbow. ; : 