? *"", , „ , . . PILLOW I>. Pillow and Bolster v. Bolster, two recent Sydney divorce cases. HAVKE venus Hawke and Eagle versus Eagle, two divorce cases heard in Melbourne one day last waek. Birds of a feather. A LONDON contempo ary says that iron furniture has passed into general use in Australia. Fortunately for some local husbands, whose wives sometimes correct them with the kitchen chairs, there'is no truth in this. Is it possible that the advance of woman into the field of politics and business is prompted, after all, by nature's evolution? We are told row, by statistics-and statistics never indulge in jokes—that women to-day are onan average taller ijy two inches than they were a quarter of a century ago. If the average woman is getting up like that, it is no wonder that man not only sinks into insignificance. In another quarter of a century, if woman grows a couple more inches, 6he will have risen to his breeches, and the average irian have sunk into her boots. The A ge in a recent issue had an account of a schooner colliding with the railway station at Wilson's Point, N.S.W. The ambition ot ti e average Australian coasting vessel to travel ovprland should really receive "the earliest and most serious cprinnh consideration pnnftiderntion of nf our nur Governments. JAPANESE war correspondents have a somewhat easy time of it. Sixty Japanese newspaper forresn.Aca attached to frt the tha army nrmv ill 111 ( Cores, Ill-PS. pondpnts were f "Thpy wear knickerbockers l nd belts full of revolvers, with fluid-glasses slung across their co its, but are forbidden by the Japanese (iovernment to publish any news froui tho 6eat of war !!!''. MUCH is pardonable in the name of charity; the very soul of the theatrical deadhead will be w r u n g jf a suggestion made by our old friend every Theatrical Benevolent Fund ; and he suggests that the same might be done in London. Why not here, too? Speaking in the name of the whole noble army of deadheads, why not P The resu6citation of the " dead i^anri "".TnnnA head by Viv ro- \----- meanB ot a fivepenny tax is a t- j "a ital Jdes_ it might be called the Lazarus f o„ r n o Fundthat ^tainingHfe from^e"^'^. ' it would be Drammg lire rrom THE writers on literary subjects M the English papers to hand by the mail on Monday express mazement at the appropriation by " Rolf Boldrewood "of Louis Beche's story in his last novel, " A Modern Buccaneer.'' We don t wonder at it. Beche was " done Browne" over the transaction, and people who do not regard the work of a brilliant (though hard-up) man's imagination as like so chased and then ^F. 0^ thf ^so ute oporty ot to the purchaser will continue *h'nk that the real " " t ? " 8 was the mas o put forth j a n work as hiB own. The London Uarly LUromae ^ f f l ^ ^ M g s a i ^ t s ^ "No married need apply " is the rule of (lie Rhodes in Fouth Afiica. Mr. Cecil Rhodes, the millionaire and Sooth African politician, is a bachelor and the cause of bachelorhood in others. He will have none but unmarried men about him. If anyone over whom he has any control marries, bis marriage-certificate becomes his " walkingticket." " Marriage," he declares," spoils a man's or a woman's career by destroying singleness of aim." * WE gather from Mrs. Besant's recent lecture on " Spiritualism " that there are in spirit land as on earth miscbievouB spooks—ghosts—much given to practical joking and high jinks, and these fe6tive gpirits are resp0nsib)e tor maliy of ridiculous manifestations seen at seances. Theb imps of miecbief put up games on us mortals. There are bad spirits roaming the meads of- Asphodel a6 well as in pub6, and the man who gets himself arrested for trying to talk politics to a lamp-post may be under the influence of spirits, and yet never have touched anything stronger than lemonade. The writer will try the Bench with this plea next time he is called upon to explain how the spirit moved him. M'LAKBN'S 228 was a great score— And on that score there's little doubt; True to his corps he would have scored more, Until a little teaser " put him out." 228; But stay, we'll ask you, too. to wait And see a bigger score than cricket cracks. Next month we'll score, we hereby beg to 6t&te;, With PUNCH'S very best of Almanacs. FEW things more delightful in the way of grotesque antithesis have como to our knowledge than the letter read by Lady Laura Ridding in the course of a paper at the recent Church Congress in England. A servant girl was on her way to Australia, and wrote to Lady Laura from on board ship. She said :—" Dear Madam, I hope this finds you as well as it leaveB me. The ship is in the middle of the Red Sea, and it is feaiiully hot. I am in a tpirihle state of melting all day long. But, honoured madam, I know that you will be pleased to hear that I am diU a nirnibcr of the Churrh of England."!! One would like to know that girl. SOME of the Australian photographers wculd seem to have a mania for "taking" eminent visitors for nothing. In erery place Mr?. Besant has visited so many pieture-snatchctti bothered her for "sittings" that at last she had to tell Manager Swythe that she would only consent to be photographed once in each town ! As it is, the Theosophical lady has had no fewer than twentyfourdifferent photographsof herself taken since the has been in Ausfrnlia—and she hasn't finished her tour yet. All these were done under the inost pressing beseechings from the photographers themselves, as each photographer shows her in a different position and wearing a different expression of countenance. She must have aequire d a considerable knowledge of the art of posing since she has been in this country. THERE are Eomo funny cranks in the world— and out of it. The old woman who lived in great apparent poverty at Koroit, and, dying, left her house packed from floor to ceiling with goods of all descriptions, worth hundreds of pounds., had a rival at Oldham, Lancash re, in an cccfntric individual who also lived in a miserly manner, and, dying, left a good deal of property, inrstly io btUtoppers and pennies. His house was touud to be stocked with hundreds of unworn bell, toppers, and many of them were filled with coppers. There were coppers everywhere, in the cupbe ards. under the beds, under the flooie, up the chtmnejs, behind the walls—tons of lhem. The writer knew a mild idiot at Baliamt who stinied himself in fond and clothing in order to paint bis frontdoor. He was foiever painting tl at door. As fast as one c-ntdried he put on arotker, and every month he would burn-iff about a cwt. of paint and start afresh. H« painted tho door every imaginable cb ur, and on his death-bed his sole regret pgret was -that the floor door would pass into the hands of people who would neglect it. MR. PEACOCK was very gentle with that deputation of Morumus i he other day. There was ever. a tra'-' 1 of real sympathy in his remarks. Mr. I'. is not a mariied man himself, but we are all mortal and liable to err. and there is nn telling what may happen to him in 1he near futuie. Feeling the force of this, the Minister sju^ke to the Latter Day Saints as a man w ho might bo mariied several tinips himself. Mr. Peacock was affable and considerate; he could nr.t give the were not to be scared from their religious beliefs even by the prospect of having seven or ten mothers-in-law. There isn't much political power in the Mormon vote at present, but if the Saintwere allowed their head, so to speak, the Mormon vote might be worth a good deal in the course of tweDty-four or five years, and—well, Mr. Pi acock is still a young man ••— I'm not a Benedict, you know, The Minister conceded, But every man should have a show Who's glad to marry ten or so Whilst husbands are much needed. The ma,n who will not marry should Not baulk the willing stranger, Nor spoil the game of him who would Be spliced to twenty if he could— That's doggie in the manger. " Why don't the gentlemen propose F" A burning question this is. It is, as every Mormon knows, Because the law shuts down on those Who've got one living missuF. This isn't sense whilst spinsters still Are short of male protectors. I'll introduce a little bill To let the Mormon have his will, When women are electors. 