' WHO IS HE? OR j The Indian Maliatma in Australia. — — «> A » ' It.OPVllI'.JHT. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY OF TUB Natural & Supernatural, BY KENNETH II AMI L TON M.L., F.Ji.C.S. CHAFFER XXII.— (Continued.). " No, Miss Marsden ; the concerns of the city do not seem to belong , to me in any "way — and yet I remember now I did hear Sij Samuel Moses askour friend, Lumsden, if the city was not likely to have an earthquake soon, but Lumsden laughod long arid loud, so I suppose it was only a joke. But some one calls. I must go. Good-night, Edith, kind little friend — you have given me new energy and thoughts to-night." " I did not hear anyone call." "No ! thore it is again — 'tis that man, the master of my life. I must go — I must god" Apparently quite oblivious of Edith or ball-room or anything, with a sudden, half- stupid look, Barton turned and wont swiftly, with the air of a somnambulist, out at the open door and over the smooth lawn into the quivering moonlit night. " George ! George, my darling ! What is it ? Tou — so strong, so able a man ! What is this mystery? Alas ! that you ever should have rescued me from a Bleep that at least could not have had this yearning pain in it — and yet I cannot wish I had never known you ; but one thing remains — I must bear, as others have done, and wait. Love can do no harm, but by its unselfish desire for the supreme good of the loved one will surely draw down blessings and bo a guard from that evil influence whatever it may be." Wait and bear patiently and- silently, then, Edith Marsden — at least your own hoart will gain in courage and strength, and your sympathy with others who suffer will deepen and strengthen; so you shall be of strong heart, a noble, unselfish, if a lonely woman, bearing others burdens bocause of the strength that has come of sorrow and silent bearing of your own. Many a lonely woman has so lived, and will so live while the old , earth turns round. CHAPTER XXIII. i . I THE SAFE EOBBEEY. | Halim Haki, or whatever was his name, and Barton, or whatever was his name, had left their old domicile in Little Bourke street. Barton never knew whether his involuntary introduction to the Wallaces pleased or dis pleased his oompanion and master. The In dian was inscrutable — at any rate he rnado the best of the inevitable and never grumbled against fortune no matter what pranks sha played him. The relationship between tha two men was unchanged. The Saxon sub mitted to the awful will-force of the adept. It seemed as if the eastern magician played with him as the cat plays with the mouse, giving him mental latitude for a time only to withdraw the license again as if from mere whim. He played on the man. as the skilled . musician plays on the stringed instrument or rather as the expert horseman controls the mettled steed, at one time allowing him to pace and ease and at another pressing hoino the sharp spurs into his reeking flanks. Barton was right when he told Miss Marsden that he could not distinguish his one self from his other self. His two existences were almost as distinct as if there were two bodies and two souls. But Halim had not quite deserted Little Bourke street. That thoroughfare possesses a population sui generis. In its dena may be found the besotted Chinese, the savage Afghan, the stealthy Malay, mingling Avith the equally savage scourings of a British city. Perhaps the detective seeking his prey in these squalid purliens, or the sturdy police man walking carefully up the narrow roadway knew something of the Indian's dark and mysterious house, but they had always enough business on hand to prevent them making incursions into regions Avhich might not turn out profitable, and the house was left severely alone. The ©nly one seen in connection Avith the place was a fierce Ben galee, who looked as if ' ' Thuggism " was his creed and its practice his forte. In the same room there in Little Bourke street in Avhich avo saw domiciled our mysteri ous acquaintances, we can see the samo two men seated again as they then Avere. " Bar- ' ton's " eyes had the samo far-away look in them as we noticed then, and he had evidently . returned from one of those mysterious jour neys in spirit land, on which he travelled obedient to the will of his companion. '"The time has come," said the Indian, "when we must make our first attempt. I am sure you will be ready." i "Yes," said Barton ; "I am ready, but I do not understand your aims. There is something in me that rebels against it all, and yet I cannot force myself free. You overpower me. I feel oppressed here and there," striking his head and heart. "I know you are hurrying me into some infernal wickedness or another. I know you have had me in the past by some infernal wickedness, and yet I can do nothing. Curse you !" he continued, " I don't' know what keeps my hands from your throat, you Arillain, to throttle you, to squeeze your life out of your miserable carcass bit by bit." He had suddenly reached the stage of furious rage, and he rose up and strode over to the Indian, who remained calm and care less. " See," Barton went on, " that arm — look at that cheat. Why, man, I could crush the little insignificant life out of you before .ne howl of fear could pierce these walls." "Hush," said the Indian, oalmly and authoritatively, and the man uttered not an other word. "Listen. To-night our first attempt has to he made, and there must be no failure. The object is to checkmate wickedness, as you . puritanical English call It, and two old friends of yours, Perrin and Simpson, will thank you well hereafter. Why I should interest myself about them I can hardly understand, and I don't think it comes from weakness — and the speaker smiled— Now, what I want done I can explain in a very short time. You know where the horse and oart are?" "Yes." "Very well, you must have the cart and horse on the crossing of the St. Hilda and . Domain Roads at half-past eleven.-. te-night. . You must not wait for me but continue walk ing up the road. I shall be. there find follow ydu, and after you reach Flinders street I'll . get . on the oart, and take the reins. Do not notice anything, hut simply do as I tell you —you understand." 'Yes! I understand?" " It is now nine o'clock and yotl must : - itart at once. You must put on the dress I . . provided for, you. Remember in all this you . . iave nothing to fear no matter what may lappen, I assure you of that, and I also assure you (hat whatever. will be unnr. to J: ht wili. injure those who dosiwe injury, ami may do good to those who . deserve it. That is ait ethical problem for you when it is stated by me. Now go, and remember what I have- said." About half -past cloven a waggon was driven at the usual easy pace up the St. Kilda Road., The driver looked as listless as the gentleman of his profession as a general rule do. The big horse jogged along at bis ease, taking everything as it came with the indif ference of custom. Soon were seen the long array of lights which illuminate Prince's Bridge, stretching out into the comparative darkness of the city beyond. Here and there the tall, shadowy buildings and an occasional lofty tower received the ghost-like reflec tion of a street lamp and stood out like fresoo- work from the background of a leaden sky. The policeman on liis solitary beat along the bridge Avatched Avitli lazy indifference the huge liorae and cart as they rolled past and Avaked the echoes of the silent street with hollow rumbling. He was even inclined to relieve the monotony of his vigil by saluting the driver. What a condescension of the spec, and span constable to unofficial mor tality — but he Beemed half asleep on his porch and the constable thought no more about it. Opposite the fish-market a new arrival sprang to the perch beside the driver not stopping the lumbering Avaggon which thun dered up Flinders street without attracting a glance from a pn«sor-by or even the alert policeman on his beat. Soon it reached1 the more retired streets, Avhere in the stirring hours of day the merchant princes of: the " Queen City of the South" are Avon't to congregate. The great black houses Avere now unoccupied and in darkness, save Avhere in the basements hero and there or in tbo attics a little light gleamed from the uncur tained window Avhere the Avatchman kept nightly guard. The cart lumbered away and finally turned into the narrow street at the rear of William street and up one of the right-of-ways leading to the back premises of the building in which .were situated the offices of Sir William Wal lace. The cart was backed with the greatest coolness as close as possible to the wall and the two men descended. At a touch the gate was opened, and one of the men, who seemed to have the poAver of seeing in the dark, entered the back yard Avithout hesita tion. "You remain here," he said in an ordinary tone to his companion. " I shall call for you . when I want you." He Avalked up to a Avindow barred with heavy iron, and, seizing one of the bars, he touched it Avith some chemicals Avliioh he took from liis pocket. At once a lambent flame licked the metal and stole rapidly from bot tom to top of the rod, throwing as it spread a flickering light on a magnificent diamond he wore on his finger which reflected it again in a thousand coruscations of every tint. The iron absolutely disappeared. It noither fused nor mouldered — it simply resolved it self. The man Avith the utmost dextority cut a circular piece from the large Avindow- pane, and the next moment he had SAVung himself into the inner temple of Mammon, the office of Sir William. " Might have aA'oided this trouble but for the ohains," he muttered. " Now, I must see about the Avatchman." He scarcely touched the bolted .dopr Avhen it seemed to spring open of its oavu accord. The whole building Aras in the denso gloom and darkness of night, hut this did not trouble the mysterious A-isitor. He made his way to the foot of the stairs and calmly walked up, step by step, until he reached the attic, where beneath one of the doors a light shone BhoAviug that room at least had a tenant. The door was suddenly flung open' and a young man appeared on the threshold Avith a revolver in one hand and a heavy life- preserver in the other. " Who are you?" he cried, as the stranger approached liim with calm unconcern. "Put up your weapon, friend." The "friend" had presented the revolver straight at his head. " Why should I ?" " Because I tell you to do so, and I am ac customed to be obeyod," said the other, and, wonderful to relate, after a moment's hesita tion the deadly weapon was lovirerod, and the watchman's eyes drooped under the magnetic gaze of the stranger. "Back to your couch," he said to the man, and obedient as a dog he obeyed. Into the little room he Avent and tlireAV himself heavily on the mattras in a cornor. "Must give the thing an appearance," said the visitor to himself Avith a smile, as lie proceeded to hind the man as he lay Avith a rope he took from his pocket. The business was quickly done, and then he turned to the victim or subject, Avhich you will, and told him not to awake for three hours and ' ' forget. ' ' Whether the magnetic sleep is cataleptic or not the man obeyed the orders, and Avhen tlio mysterious stranger left the room he left be hind him a body, to all intents, lifeless and senseless. ' Very deliberately the Indian, for it was ho as will be vory easily understood, walked doAvn the stairs and returned to the office. He at once approached the safe, and, taking tho same bottle, from his pocket, applied the con tents all around the lock, first taking the pre caution to keep the action of the liquid under control. Again tho metal yielded and disappeared. The massive door swung open and Wallace's treasure was disclosed. The Indian Avalked to the window and summoned his.c&npauion; Avho leisurely approached." " Take the boxes I shall give you to the cart and place them inside," said the master. Box after box was conveyed to the windoAv and th«nee to the cart without the slightest interruption, until the Avliole contents of the safe Avere removed. Then and only then the Indian was contented, and he quickly left the place, drawing down the broken AvindoAV as be stood on the windoAV-sill. Barton and he mounted the porch, and the big horse jogged aw&y; at his usual pace though his load was much greater than it was before. Again the rumbling cart broke the echoes of the deserted street, and again some policeman heard the sound Avith indif ference and hardly cast a thought on the late contingent of the army of the night. Next day the columns of the evening papers were filled with accounts of tho most mysteri ous and audacious safe robbery, and for a -week or perhaps full nine days the whole journaldom of the colonies was in a ferment, and the detectives and police forces received the scarifying they always deserve and, poor wretches, got without mercy. But the cart had jogged along the Brighton Road until it was- near Elsternwick where it halted, and from behind a terrace of half- built houses Barton led a horse and a light trap. Tha contents of the cart wore quickly transferred, and the two men took their seat on the vehicle and then drove rapidly away in the direction of St. Kilda beach. Two days after John Smith at the 'St. Hilda Court was fined for allowing this cart and horse to wander. He pleaded guilty to the insinuation of "a wee drop too much," and paid his fine like a man. ; ' CHAPTER XXIV. | THE COHMEEOIAL CRASH. There was rare confusion in . Wallaoe's Toorak mansion. Long before thv master of the establishment was accustom id to leave his bedroom a hansom cab had driven up t fuxioualf to tho door, and a man h$i rang , the lit.fi' w;th sn.'i, ' I'." tiiiit the' calm, dcrcrous and obs.-ijr.h-u fuatinou had been ko agitated tiair lowuerc-d locks stood up on end. and the man who had at last regained sufficient, courage to open the door looked as if a recent earthquake 'had shaken him out of his, senses. - "Without Avaiting for explanation tho mes- lenger pushed into the magnificent hall and asked for Sir William. " I must see him at once even in his bed room," said lie, "pndisliOAV mo Hip bedroom, quickly.."-' " ' ' ' ' . - - '- There Avas 110 denying him, and he was led | up the staircase by tin?, footman who en- ! icuA'ored to impress on the gentleman that he > jWouldhhiot£ be responsible for, disobeying;?: . borders "v in such an. ontragbous manner /" "Sir-William opened the door- of liis dressing- room ami received the messenger with c\rery appearance of surprise. The messenger was the obsequious secretary. As soon as Sir William saAV him he hurried .him into the. room, leaving the flunkey r bewildered and as : wise as ever at the door. Five minutes after the bell of the dressing-room avss also ringing furiously, and the footman, who ausAvered— . he had not been far from , the door — saAV his master fully dressed and in a state of extreme agitation. ' " " If the hansom has not gone detain it for five minutes If it has gone order Jones to bring out the carriage as quickly as he can got the horses in." The footman for once, in his life made his Avell-padded limbs do duty in earnest. Ho rushed doAvn the -stairs and "fleAV- to 'the. door.. The hansom had not gone/and the driver was rubbing down his smoking- horse. Two minutes after. Wallace came doAvn the - stairs with headlong fiaste, and; Avithout a word to the Avondering servants, he sprang into the hansom folloAved by his secretary. "For your life, quick!" lie called out to the cabby. " I'll find you a new liorse if that '0116 goes 'under.','- „ The cabman knew his customer, and leaped to hLs box in an-, instant, and in another in stant the" vehicle was sweeping doAvn the avenue and out of the gates into the road. The horse and driver bravely earned the muni ficent fare AA'hich' the latter -received from the secretary when the passengers Avere lauded at the William-street office. There Avere a feAV loungers about the doers, and the pre mises were in the charge of the police. The constubles saluted. Tho great financier Avas a man to be honored. Wallace came into tho office and ran at once; to, the safe. It. was as had been re ported to him. Not axi atom of paper ; not a coin of. the realm was there. . What could ho done ? Tavo detectives were making a care ful -examination of the premises. They saw tho A'oid round the place Avhere once the chubb used to be. They suav the great circle cut out of the AvindoAv-pane. Everyone saw that as Avell as the officers. But where was the iron bar gone to ? Where Avere the sliat- : terod pieces of the safe ? They couldn't see these any moro than the less export' on lookers. Wallace said never a Avord, hut in his brain Thero was ahvays a dull echo as if a fiend was Avhispering, " Done for, done for!" in every key and on every tune that he had eA'er heard. The full extent of the disaster only' himself could know. Even the money Avas only the least of his losses. There has been evidence in that huge safe enough to destroy the highest reputations in Victoria, his among the rest. "What.. was to he done? Was there any way out of such ruin? Send for' Lumsden, and at once," \ Lumsden came and Wallace made no ex aggerated display. Ho simply pointed to the safe. - t f_AR';jgohe, " lie said. - ' '' "You're mad to say so !" cried the other. "Neither mad, nor dreaming," said Sir William, " What, all that money gorio ?" . ' ; " Yes, every stiver." The two men looked at each other with despair in their eyes. "Then, this is no place for me," said Lumsden, getting up and coming round to Wallace's chair and Avhispering to him : ' I shall pick up the feAV thousands; I told you of and slope and share Avith you. It is not much, but it will carry us over to the Pacific Slope." Wallace smiled. . "Well," he replied; "there-, is honor among thieves after all. -But 110"! my boy. Get aAvay yourself. I ani done for, and shall meet it all. What you do, liOAvcA- er, you Avill have to do quickly or you Avill not have the chance of doing anything." Lumsden took his ally's hand and pressed it warmly. Good-bye, old man, good-bye and better luck. I daren't meot tlio she devils of tlie southor I'd. see it out Avith you. But hang it, man, they Avould tear me in pieces if- they kneAv all." At this moment a telegram Avas put in his hand. He opened it. It Avas a telegram from Halim Haki, Lauuceston, and ran as folloAvs : " I shall want to witlidraAv the A'aluabks you haA'e. of mine on Monday next. I am sure the' 'shortness of the notice will not trouble you." Wallace laughed aloud at" .the reading of tlie telegram. "Will, Halim Haki," said he, soliloquis ing, "I doubt you Avill liaAre to take out a haAvker's license. Your 'gold and your dia monds have gone Avhere I doubt you av ill not folio av thorn." : ' : But let me to business. -lie too!; up his pen and. Avrotc continuously for upAvards of an hour. He gave strict orilers that 110 one Avas to be admitted ; that lie was in to no one until noon. He could hear the inquiric-3 made in the outer room about himself — about the safe robbery, and conjectures about the amount of gold that, had. been stolen, but he Avrote on. At ldstihe finished .and lie quietly rolled up the manuscript and sealed, then as quietly he took a small revolver from his desk- . draper; and, after trying witli it for a, minute ' or so, pulled tho trigger and William Wallace was no irore. The quiet Avay in which it" was all done was tho only very remarkable fact about it all. Suicide may be regarded as coAvardly, but there are some positions in which, Avium men like Wallace are placed, they can see .no. other, alternative. The Roman philosopher Avould not blame them. CHAPTER XXV. BANK SUSPENSIONS. Collins street was in an uproar. Men and womon and children rushed about like; tlio ants of a neBt on which some' heavy animal has trodden and brought ruin. There was madness in the air — -the madness of despair, of disappointed hopes, of ruined fortunes, and where" did the ruin end ? Was thore any in stitution safe? Was the country itself safe ? It was not to be wondered at that the people of Victoria were well nigh frenzied. Tho struggle for existence is a hard one at the best, and men of even temperate hopes look forward to surcease of the labor and toil of - battle, and'risked their 'present possession for a future gain. Melbourne had been in the olouds. What need would thero be for work ing when the whole outside world Avas about . to throw into Victoria its accumulated wealth, ? ; What more to do than to spend a little money now and draw it in again increased a hun dred-fold? It was the easiest way of mak ing a provision for the future rainy day that had ever been planned, and a good many plans have been formed in thiB old world of ours to find a short-cut to wealth. W. H. 14 fcro v& wxriHUBD.i ; ... 