[?] [?] /JIhb Rs»4M ii i Mi '! I m " g0i UAH 1 : aH 5TH2, 2S£SSd2» !T IN the WeeklyTIMEM V, [?] I By HEDLEY RICHARDS I Author of "A Welsh Princess," "The Den | Tragedy,"" The Omerod Mystery," Etc. CHAPTER VIII.— (Continued). 1 went out pondering over Miss nuvai a words, which had revealed tome the faot that she ha'd been further along- the path, towards ibe avenue than she had admitted at the in quest and that, in spite of her words to the contrary, she didwftfc wish to throw suspicion ou to Mr Geffory Arden. _ While I was thus thinking. I passed out of the little iron gateway into the avenue. Strolling along I passed the stables, re sponding to the groom's 41 Good-evening, sir." as he stood at the gate of the courtyard. Presently I came to the place where the squire's body had been found, the red pool being now a little more than a stain. After looking about me for eome time, I went back until I came to the path which crossed the avenue, leading through the wood, onwards to the Witch's Cave. Turning along the path for a few yards, I entered the wood, keeping as near as I could to the low stone wall which separated it from the avenue. When I arrived pretty near to what I be lieved to be the scene of the murder, I pushed my way through the underwood close to the wall, and looking over it I saw the red staim The trees here were very thick, and would form a good hiding-plaoe ; but if the groom s theory, that the t quire had been dragged a little distance, was correct, then I must look further ou if I expected to find any trace of the murderer. I prooeeded, carefully looking in the grass and underwood as I went, but I failed to find the least truce of a weapon, or anything that could afford a due. _ Going on in this way, I saw the lodge in front of me, and I noticed that just behind it the underwood had been cleared away, leaving a grassy sward. Also I observed that a couple of windows at the back of the house looked in that direction—one up stairs and the other down. In an instant it flashed ecross me that although the lodge- keeper had deolared that she had not seen any one go up the avenuo, somo one might have passed the back of the house ; so climb ing the wall which separated the garden from the green sward, 1 passed round to the front garden, where I saw the good woman busy watering her flowers. At the sound of my footsteps she turned quickly round, then, seeing me, became pale as death, and I notioed the hand which held the watering-can shake. 1 ' I am afraid that I have startled you ; hut I came through the wood, and as I wished to have a chat with you, I ventured to leap the wall," I said. She drew a deep breath. t ' You did startle me, sir, and that s the truth," was her reply. . , " Did you think it was the squires ghost r I asked, watching her. 4 ' Law, no, sir ! I hope he'll rest, P®r gentleman, for all he was taken so sudden, without, as you may say, time to say a pravcr." _ "'We'll hope so. By the way, my good woman, why didn't you tell the truth at the inquest ?" . . She gave a quick little gasp, and turned very pale, then flushed, as she said : Jf " The truth, sir 1 I did teU the truth. " Well, in a fashion, when you said that you did not see any one go up the avenue. But you never mentioned - the person who passed the back of your bouse." " Law, sir, have you found that out r Poor Mr Geffory !" and she threw her apron over her face, while a genuine sob shook her matronly frame. My ruse had succeeded so far. I knew now not onlv that some, one had passed into me wood, but that it was Mr Geffory. Still, I must know more, so I said : 4< Now, unless you want to get into trouble for suppressing evidence, you must tell me all." The poor woman looked terribly frightened, 8 she said : . ' I'd like to have kept it quiet, but if it s going to get me inro trouble, why, then, I H speak— not as I know much, however, she added. " Tell me what you do know," I said. " Why, sir, I was standing in the kitehen — it's a window at the back as well as the onethat looks into the avenue — fast cleaning a bit of fish for supper, when I saw Mr Geffory spring over the wall and dash quick past the bouse into the wood. He seemed in i a harry like, and I wondered at it, because I knew it was seldom he was in such haste when he left the cottage ; for many a night I've seen him stand a quarter of an hour at the gate talking to Miss Barret. 11 Well, sir, he'd got a bit on through the wood, I should say, when I heard the sound of horses' feet. As I'd finished the fish, I put it in the oven and went to the front win dow, and in another minute the squire rode past, and, as I said, I looked at the clock, thinking it was time Tolly was in — you see, she works at Mrs Barret's, but iVfl got the afternoon off — no I went to the door and stood watching for her, when all of a sudden I heard a shot. Still, as sure as I'm a living woman, I never thought of harm to the squire ; but when I beard as he'd been killed, I thought maybe I'd better not mention that I'd seen Mr Geffory go into the wood," 44 Is this the whole truth ?" I asked, look- ing nxedly at her. 44 As sure as I'm a living woman, I've told you all I know," she replied, earnestly ; and I thought she was telling the truth. 44 You did not see any one else ?" I urged. "No, sir ; but " and she hesitated. " Bat what F" I said. " Weil, sir, very likely you'll laugh. Polly did when' I told her, and said it was fancy — and I grant my nerves was upset with heorinu of the squire s death, and thinking of that pool of blood in the avenue ; but about one o'clock, sir, when I was in bed, and Polly was fast asleep, I heard the most awful laugh. It was a chuckling laugh, but there was something in it so dreadful, as it went louder end louder, that my blood ran cold." " Didn't you get up and look if you could see any one ?" I asked. 44 No, sir; I hid my face under the bed clothes. Why, sir, it sounded juBt as though a fiend had been let loose, and was making merry over that foul deed in the avenue, so I got as low down m the bed as I could " i " You silly woman, you should have got up and looked out of the window. What fcfum could a fiend — if you mean an evil spirit — have done you?" 4 1 don't know as it could have done me any harm, seeing as I read my Bible regu lar and know the (Jhuroh catechism by heart I don't think I've forgotten a worn— out, then, however well prepared you may be. spirits is spirits, and evil spirits aren t to be lighdy met." 44 You'd have seen nothing that would have hnrt you, my good , woman. I only wish I'd been here." 4 Polly says she wished I d woke ner ; and she told me not to talk about it, as it was just rubbish — and she'll be fine and vexed, as you know, about Mr Geffory.' « You must not tell her, unless you want to make it worse for him." "Indeed, I'd be sorry to do that, for he's just as pleasant and kind as his mother ".You were ou the estate when she was living ?" .... « u " Yes, sir, but not in this house. " Had Mr Geffory Arden a gun, or any- thing of the sort, when he pMsed nerer " Not as I saw, sir ; and if you 11 take my advice, sir, you'll not think as he d a hand in toatloul did. I'm sure he hadn't , but l didn't want to make it awkward for hun by "uiL And now tell me how long it wae from the squire peering h«e to the time yon heard the shot?" . „ " Five or six minutes, sir. » Would Mr Geffory have had time to get as far as where the body was found ? That would depend on the rate he weDt at. He might have got further, and he is might not have gai A3 far. But don't you 1 think it 8 him, sir. I'd a deal sooner believe I it of Mr Reginald, and I'd be sorry to think i he'd do such a thing either," she said, earnestly. 44 W ell, my good woman, you cau make your mind easy that if Mr Geffory is innocent in this matter, what you have said won't nurthim." And wishing her good evening, I passed into the little back garden, and leaping the wall I entered the wood. As I did so, I notioed there were two tracks. Neither of them could be called a path ; one I saw led close under the wall which bordered the avenue, the other was nearer the edge of the wood. I had come by tha one under the wall, so I resolved to take the other, and I soon found out that it would have been utterly im possible for any one on that pa$& to have shot the squire, while from the other it would have b6eu the easiest thing in the world. On reaching the end of the wood I found myself on the path which led to the Witch's Cave ; but, instead of following it, I turned in the other direction, and skirted the wood, as Lady Arden said she had done. Then I re turned, and took the path leading into the drive, along which Miss Duval stated she had seen Mr Geffory Arden come from the avenue;, and I was compelled to own that, so far, the evidence pointed strongly against him. Still, I could not bring myself to believe that he was the murderer. When I reached the drive leading to the front, of the house, I turned to wards the lodge, and in a short time reached the gates, and, pasting through, I found myself on the high xoad. Not wishing to return to the house just then, I walked on until I reached Arden Cottage, when I turned along the field path which the housekeeper said she had traversed on the night of the murder. It led across several fields to another high road ; but I did not go very far, as I began to feel inclined for my supper. . So far I had reason to be satisfied with my evening's work. I had discovered some thing which the inquest had not revealed. Presently I reached the wall which sur rounded the garden of Arden Cottage. It was highland I could not see over it ; but I noticed that at the back of the cottage a wing was built out, so that evidently it was larger than it appeared to a casual observer. As I drew nearer to the front of the, house I heard voices, and concluded that the speakers were seated in a room at that end ; also that the windows were open. 44 Doyou think it possible that they cau 6us- peotyou, Geffory?" were the words thacfell on my ear, spoken in a clear, girlish tone. 44 1 think itquite likely. You see, I was out at the time, and I fanoy from what I have since heard that Nina did her best to blacken me." 44 It was very cruel of her." 44 My dear Ruth, don't you know that Nina intended marrying me, and 'then when she found I was not s 3 inclined, she made up. her mind to have Reginald and the Arden estate ? It was she who informed my father of our engagement. You know the lines, 4 Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.' That, I believe, explains her conduct." 44 You would never soorn a woman,'' was the gentle reply. " No ; but I declined to fall in love with her, whioh was the same thing. But don't you trouble about me." I passed on ; but these few words ol : Geffory Arden bad revealed something, and 1 felt that Miss Duval's testimony was not to be relied upon. CHAPTER IX.— I Trace the Notes. I turned along the road towards the prin cipal entrance to Arden Park, sauntering slowly on. Presently, I heard quick steps be hind me, and looking round I saw Mr Geffory Arden a little way behind me, and I waited until he overtook me. 44 Do you know me, Mr Arden r" 1 asked, as he wished me good evening. 44 Yes, you are Mr Mavin, the detective." 44 You are right. And now, Mr Arden, if you dou't object, I should like a little conver sation with you." 44 By all means," he said, as he walked on. 44 1 see you don't care for the avenue," I rftinftrkcdt 4 4 No. It will be a long time before I shall use it as of old. Just new, I cannot pass the pool which marks the spot where my father met his death," he said, gravely. I did not reply for a moment, then I looked full at my companion, saying : 44 Mr Arden, you climbed the wall, and entered the wood bordering . the avenue, a little while before your father turned in at the gateway." He looked riiorhtlv surprised, but he met my gaze unflinchingly as he said, 44 1 know that, and perhaps it would have been better if 1 had told the jury ; but I do not want more scandal than is absolutely imperative. It has pained me very much to Know that the dis pute between my father and , me should be public property, and I knew my presenoe in the wood would ocoasion more talk if nothing worse." 44 It puts you iu an awkward position," I said. x . . . 44 1 know that, and I can see that it might even lead to my arrest. I have thought the matter over, and I believe only the arrest of the real criminal will remove suspicion from several others ; but as you have discovered so much, I will tell you all about my movements from the time I jumped the wall." 41 That is your wisest course, Mr Arden." 44 Perhaps," he said, 44 you may have noticed -that there are two tracks — one lead ing alongside the wall, the other nearer to the edge of the wood." I nodde<L 44 1 took the one furthest from the Will, going at a rapid rate. I knew my father would be home in a few minutes, and I had ohosen that way in order to avoid him pass ing me in the avenue, as I did not wish to ir ritate him farther. I had resolved to do my utmost to conciliate him, save giving up Miss Barret. Even if he disinherited me, I wished to part pleasantly, because I knew that my father's life had not been a happy one, and I did not wish to more embitter it. Therefore, I hastened on, anxious to reaoh home before he did. 44 1 came out of the wood on to the path which, crossing the avenue and drive, leads forward to the Witch's Cave, and I had just crossed the avenue when I heard a shot. I thought it was poaohers, and I fully ex pected that my father would send an order to the keepers to search the wood. Quickening my steps, I hastened on, when, as I turned' into the drive, I beard the galloping of a horse, and concluded that my father was riding at each a pace in order to despatch a message to the head keeper. 44 You know he hated any poaching on his laud, bo I "expected that he would be in any thing but a good humor, and in order to give him time to cool, I proceeded to a little summer-house, where 1 smoked a cigar be fore entering the house. Then, as I went to my own room, it was some little time before I leard the awful news." 44 Is there any truth in Mies Duval's state ment that you were terribly agitated when you passed her ?" 44 Not a grain. In fact, I did not even hurry after I heard the horse, because I knew that my father was certain to oe home first. Besides, my object was not to be seen in the avenue, or he would have suspected that I had been to Arden Cottage." 44 Then, according to your statement, you must have passed within a few yards of the murderer. " 44 1 suppose I must ; but I never saw any one." 44 1 presume you do not suspect any one?" I said, carlesBly. 44 No." But something in his manner made me think that he had a vague sus picion. Presently he turned to me, saying : < You must not forget that the avenue is open to any one, and that a person could have been concealed there for hours." 44 Of coarse. And your father was disliked by the poachers ?" 44 Yes." 44 1 suppose, Mr Arden, you have not as sociated your father's murder with your mother's?" " How do you mean ?" he asked, quickly. 44 It has not struck you that the murderer in both oases may have been the same ?" 44 It has crossed my mind that it might be bo ; still, after so many years, it does not seem likely, but my uncle, Lord Willoughby, will be here to-morrow, and he can tell you all about her death, though he has never cared to talk about it. However, I am sure he wUl do bis best to give you any informa tion." By this time we had reached the house, and as I turned towards a side door Mr Geffory accompanied me. Then wishing me good night, he proceeded to the drawingroom, while I found my way to the housekeeper's room, and after a hearty supper 1 retired to rest. The next morning, soon after breakfast, I proceeded to the gunroom, where 1 found the guns, rifles, etc., but I could not find any weapon into whioh the bullet fitted. I had been careful to obtain possession of the latter directly after the inquest. Calling one of the footmen whose duly it was to keep the room in order, I asked him if any of the firearms were missing, and was in formed that they were all there, and had been from the' time of the murder. He was sure of this, as he had at once examined the room, as bad also the inspector of the police when he arri ved. After receiving this information, I took my hat, and passing through the garden entered the avenue, and walked quickly down it, although it was folly a mile from the house to the lodge gate. On reaching the high road I turned down towards Bexham, and soon came to the blacksmith's shop, where I heard the bellows blowing lustily. Something prompted me to enter and have a word with this son of Vulcan. He looked up as my form darkened the doorway, and I fancied for a moment that he started, then he exolaimed : "Helloa, Mr Detective, have you come to have a crack with me ?" 44 Scarcely that," I said, smiling. 44 1 am going "into Bexham, so I thought I'd just look in as I passed." 44 1 see they haven't made much out at the inquest," he said. 44 Oh, there Was a good deal of evidenoe," I replied. 44 Yes, but it didn't seem to help the jury ; anyway the verdict is the same as it was twenty-four years ago. Not but what the family aeem to have been very thick on the ground that night," he said, with a half chuckle. 44 Do you still think it was the same hand that murdered the late Lady Arden?'' I . asked, wondering how the evidence had im pressed him. 44 Well, I cannot say but what I do; though there's been a precious lot of folks knocking about siuca then." 44 Yes, it will be difficult to find the mur derer," I said. 44 Eh, I guess you'll go back beaten, as Mr Dillon did, though he was a cute man." 44 1 don't think I. shall,'' I replied Then wishing him good-morning, I left the workshop. Ab I passed the house door I saw a very pretty, fair- haired girl standing at the door, looking wistfully up the road. She glanced at me as I passed, then stepped hastily into the house and closed the door. 44 The blaoksmith's daughter," I thought, as £ went on my way, and, after a quiok walk, entored Bexham. Inquiring my way, I came to the County Bank, whioh was my destination. On enter ing the building I asked to see the manager, and sent in my card. In a minute the oleric returned, and ushered me into the manager's private room. - 44 Mr Mavin," he said, as I entered. 44 Yes. I have called relative to the rob bery whioh took place at Arden House the night preceding the squire's death." 44 Sit doWn, sir. Yes, I expected it wae about that as soon as I saw yonr card." 44 Can you tell me whether the squire stopped tiie missing notes ?" 44 He did. He oame after the rent-dinner and paid the rents in as usual. Then he gave me the numbers of the missing notes, with strict instructions to stop them, and take toe name and address of whoever presented them, if they were unknown to me." 44 Have any of tliem been presented ?" I asked. 44 Three of them were presented yesterday before the robbery was publicly known, and I declined to cash them." 44 Who was the party ?" I asked. 44 A very respectable townsman who is a jeweller and money-lender. O i course I told him I could not cash the notes, and must re tain them. He agreed to this, but said ha should take care he was recouped. I them asked him from whom he had received them, but he declined to tell me, saying that I knew him well enough to know that lie had coma by them honestly, and he should prefer hold ing his tongue at present." 44 That is all you know!" I said, inquir ingly. ' That is all I know. Of course I have my suspicions, bat I decided not to stir in the matter until after Squire Ardeo's funeral, when I intend to see Mr Watts, his solicitor." 44 1 think there is very little doubt toe executors will communicate with you. Meantime, I must see this jeweller. What is his name ?" 44 Curtis. Francis Curtis, and his shop is in Clowes street. I will send one of the olerks with you, so tnat you won't loss time." Thanking him, I left the bank in company with a junior clerk, and in two or three minuteB I stood outside the shop indicated, and saw it was of fair size and well stocked- Altogether I judged it to be the leading jeweller's in Bexham. Of the money- lend ing part of the business there was no sign, and I conoluded that Mr Curtis's dealings in that line were confined to the upper ten, who could afford to pay well for such loans ai they received. Entering the shop, I was glad to find it unoccupied, save by a smart assistant, who. in response to my request to see Mr uurus, disappeared into a room at the back, and then returned, followed by an elderly man of urbane manner, to whom I at once presented my card. After reading my name he glanced at me, and then asked me to walk into his parlor. Opening a little gate at one side of the counter, he led the way into a small bade room, which I saw was devoted to business, as against the walls were nests of drawers, in which I judged be would keep the securities given him in return for loans. 44 Will you be kind enough to tell me to what I owe this visit?" he asked, politely 44 1 wish to knew from whom you received the notes which you paid into the County Bank, and whioh they refused to cash;" and X read the numbers. He smiled. 44 W hat if I refused to tell you ?" 44 Then the consequence! might be un pleasant for you ; but I don't think you will." 44 1 have no reason for refusing to tell you," he said, after a pause. 44 These notes," he continued, 14 were paid to me on Wednesday evening by Mr Reginald Arden. They were part repayment of a loan." 44 What time in the evening did he pay them!" 44 About twenty minutes to ten. He was on his way to toe railway station, and seemed hurried." 44 Did you notiee anything unusual in his ( manner? 44 Not particularly, only that he seemed glum and out of -sorts, 1 " ... . ig. ,-j- - ui ». pntme off, ao But la «u g aTik nte wtidi vod3 F«fcr I mtstoUntt coBagc twfanwy ten that unless he paid m nzfy panada within « week, IshocM apply tofts wain lee the whale amoosi He saw feat I mean it, and ftst letter brought Mas hone. Hie Bailed on Ids way to Anion Howe, and told we be should see Be before heworibaek. tf3te, when he paid nae on Wednesday night, he yd me feat he vn M? is debt d Oxford, hot thai be should manage to pot it all tight soon." j "Did he tall yon how he had got the money to pay your "KB." " Did you askbiin how he meant to pot it jUnehtf1 "No, I didn't betkn him. I ixpeoted I gbould hare to jpses for the nst, fast as I had. done for this. "He was here at twenty to tea," I said, nosngiy. 44 About that. He nid he had eooBtt t sate, aad I fancy he had, because he eeemed IT BittL " He didn't say where he had come from ? i asked. "No, he said very little, and appeared tBxktos to catch the Irani. I rose, and said; " Thank yon, Mr Curtis. Ton will bo doubt hear &om; the executors about this money sod wishing him good-day, I pro- seeded to the izmat which the fiqnire had held sis rent dinner. to be oojrxoruED.) 