SPIRITUALISM OF THE PRESENT DAY. (BY SAMUEL T. KNAGGS, M.D.) V. (CONCLUDING PAPER). Dr. Carpenter, in his work on Mental Physiology, says, "If either our senses or the testimony of others inform u3 of some thing thai is entirely inconsistent with in- herent possibility, we refuse to accept the information, feeling sure that a fallacy must exisl somewhere." This is my position regarding this ques tion of spiritualism. In 1877 I attended two seances given by tho well-known Dr. Hindu, and in tho public press of the day exposed what I discovered to bo his fraudu lent imposture;:. Dr. Kladc's business did not flourish from that date, and he shortly left the colony. I have subsequently attended other seances given by spiritual circles ill Sydney as guest — the conditions were such that as guest, my idea of the courteous duties I owed to my host or hostess, as the case may be, precluded my interference, and the manifestations of the spirits pro ceeded in their uninterrupted course. I could not possibly degrade myself by a breach of hospitality in "grabbing the ghost," though I doubted many of the mani festations. I subseqeuutly deemed it my duty to absent myself from many other spiritual seances. I say this, well knowing that it may be 'used as an argument to weaken my evidence, because it will bo as serted that I write upon a subject which I have not sufficiently investigated, and of which I may possibly have had no experi ence. Jn my previous articles on the pheno mena of spiritualism, or, If it may be so- called, psychic force, I have suggested that the various inconsistent opposing and pro blematical results obtained by holders of different views, who, as inquirers, have been present at the same seances, hiay be reconciled by the charitable hypothesis that such have been caused by: — 1\. The .condition and capacity of the observer's faculty oT observation. 2\. The menial condition of the observers and their capacity at tho time for the cor rect interpretation of the phenomena ob served. It. would be too tedious to elaborate and give many illustrations of these statements; they can be found in treatises pertaining to mental science, and must, therefore, be accepted by tho reader. Jt is much to be regretted that in all controversies on subjects of religion, ethics or abstruse mental science, much acrimony and heated feeling become imported into the question, apd that arguments per taining to the highest intellectual attri butes purporting to elevate our souls— in the contemplation of charity, or matters pertaining to the highest moral standard of perfection — and the at tainment of an ideal state of ethical purity, should, upon meeting with opposi tion. degenerate into petty squabbles. Such may lie Iranian, but is not in con sonance with those ambitlohs which all aver to have instigated them to the pur suit and Inquiry concerniug such know ledge. These investigations, so frequent of late, exhibit a remarkable increase in ihe amount of intelligent interest felt in the more .subtle relations existing between the soul, tho mind, and the body. Those who are desirous to study such psych ical phenomena should, prior to their in vestigations, accustom themselves to the logical processes which may be utilised in those researches, and also acquaint themselves with the fallacies and obstruc tions liable Lo mislead or impede thorn i:i their progress towards a satisfactory result, and also enable lliem to diminate at tiie earliest possible stage all factors due to imperfect observation, illogical con clusions, fanciful or imaginative acces sories, or fraudulent practices. In tbe controversy now going on in the press concerning the subject of spiritua lism there has been exhibited too much asseveration and too little accurate scien tific observation. These very self-evident : factors illustrate my remarks concerning ihe powers of observation, ami the mental condition of the average investigator. Some very glaring contradictions and dis crepancies are exhibited in the letters and , | sworn depositions of those participating in tho recent spiritual seance:;, and the so-called fiasco that lately occurred in I Sydney, concerning what those present I saw, or what they thought they saw. ' Now. wit.ii reference to ihe faculty of i observation the writer claims some cxperi- j once from three points of view. ! As a member of the medical profession, I the liablf of observation is one upon which lie relic ft in the pursuit uf his calling, and j during his professional career It has caused | him to comprehend how many fallacies I 1111 rors must be guarded agaiust. Such error:! can only bo corrected and eliminated by varying in every possible, way the methods of observation. At one time as a teacher in one of the branches of the medical curriculum, the writer has had to uieulcaie and much to students the cultivation of the power.: of observation, aud how to logically deduct conclusions therefrom. This teaching pro cess was to him most invaluable, showing, as it did, how limited in some persons is tho power of observing, and the errors which may arise from faulty observation. a cam. during the voar 1 « # < . whou. as the result, of two sittings with the well- known Dr. Sladc. he considered it lus duty to le- late In the public press the details of this seance, and further considered it. his duty to give various entertainments (for public charities) at wmcn no pertonneu imitations cf vr.iious so-called spiritual feats — such as spirit-writing on the slate, thought-read ing, levitation, materialisation, spirit flower painting, etc. — which performances he var ied by some conjuring Illusions, such as i have been exhibited in modern days. I freely admit that tho artificial produc tion of such illusions which have been exhi bited at spiritual seances are no argument against the supernatural production uf the latter; yet the performance of them gave me some idea of the very scanty power of ob servation possessed by the average in quirer, whom 1 found to be very easily de luded. Aud now, referring to the subject of faulty observation, or the possibility of such having occurred, let me give an illus tration. Within the last three, or four weeks one of (lie Sydney Sunday papers has published a statutory declaration by an observer concerning what lie deems an indisputable fact, that while be held the hand of a medium there occurred un exhi bition proving the passing of mat ter through matter, lie positively averred thut while he hold the hand of a medium a tambourine was imperceptibly passed through his or her arm, and found en veloping both without any possibility of ex plaining how such a phenomenon had oc curred, except the complaisant acceptance of the theory that matter could pass through matter— an accepted fact in spiritu alistic science. 1 now reproduce a circumstance mention ed in a work printed in 1S66 : "The Humbug.'; of the World," by the late P. T. Uannun, who appropriately substituted for a preface to his work tho following auec- dnte:— . I once met a man who made a nerve and bom? all-hea!irig salve. lie was an enterprising kind of fellow, so bo thought he would experiment a little with ii. lie first cut off Ills dog's tail, and ap plied some to the stump — a now tail grew out immediately. He then applied some to the piece of the tall which he cut off, and a new dog grow out. lie did not know which dog was which." Mr. P. T. Hnrnum was an identity of the present century, ami was intimately ac quainted with human nature, and had a keen insight into the humbugs and swind les of this age. These facts explain why he made his colossal fortune. Now for his story (page 68): — "A tambourine frame without a bead. and an Iron ring large enough to pass over one's arm, are exhibited to the audience. Medium says the spirits have such power over matter as to be able to put one or both those things on her arm while some one holds her hands. "Tbe party who is privileged to hold her hands on such occasions has to grope his way to her In the dark. Having reached her, she seizes liis hands, and passes one of them down her neck and along her arm, saying; " 'Now you know there is no ring al ready there!' "Soon after he feels the tambourine frame or' ring slide over his hand, and on to his arm, a light is produced in order that he may see it is there. Wliou he took her hands, he felt ihe frame, or ring, or, at any rate, a frame or ring, under his elbow on the table, from which it was pulled l>y some power just before it went on to his arm; such is his report, to the audi ence. But, in fact, the medium has two frames, or else tambourines, and a tam bourine frame. She allows the investigator to feel one of these. "She has also two iron rings. One of her hands, put one arm and her head through the frame she uses, so that, of course, be does not feel it when she passes his hand down one side of her nock and over one of her arms, as It Is under that arm. Her husband pulls the tambourine from under tbe investigator's elbow; then the medium gets her head back through the frame, leaving it on her arm. or sliding it on to his, and the work is done! She has also two iron rings. One of them she puts over her arm and the point of her elbow, where it snugly remains, covered with a cape which she persists in wearing on these occasions, till the Inves tigator takes her hands (in the dark) and feels the other ring under her elbows; then the husband disposes of the ring on the table, and the medium works the other one down on to her arm. The audience saw but one ring, and the person sitting with the medium thought he had that under his elbow till It was pulled away and put on the medium's arm; and on these pre mises is prepared to make a statutory affirmation to that effect." Such are the words of P. T. Raruum in a work published nearly 30 years ago. With this new light thrown up on the subject, one would like to be present and see the phenomenon reproduced. And now with reference to (2) The mental condition of the observers and their capacity at the time for the cor rect interpretation of the phenomena ob served. In my articles oh "Dr. Slado and tho Spirits" and "Spiritualism Considered as an Infectious Mental Disease." published in "Mediums and Their Dupes" in 1S70. and subsequently revised and republished in "Recreations of an Australian Surgeon," in 1SSS. I entered fully Into the various theo ries concerning the subject of Spiritualism, such as hysteria, expectant attention, trance speaking, and touched upon tho analogous subjects of somnambulism, sleep walking. wakefulness, magnetic sleep, hypnotism, and eestacy. There, or their combinations, were all considered as fac tors in producing results analogous to those considered due to Spiritualism, or as in my explanation to its fallacies I charitab ly assumed such lo be iii some way respon sible for its ecceutriclties. These theories need not bo recapitulated, being access ible to all lunulrers, and may be found in standard works treating upon the subject. I would, however, still impress upon my readers the possibility which such factors as "expectant attention" and "hypnotism" may play in such an inquiry into psychical phenomena. In "Spiritualism Considered as an Infec tious Mental Disease" I have fully exhaust ed the subject of "expectant attention." Since I wrote that brochure, hypnotism has been more prominently developed before tho general public. Many of the juggling performances in the East can be explained on no other hypothe sis than that tbe observers have been hypnotised. An example may illustrate. The juggling performer selects one of the audience, and places him before him, asks him to place any coin he wishes in his hand and then close it. He then requests him to think of any other coin with which he Is familiar. and wish that such coin should appear in his hand. His ''subject" does so, and on open ing his hand finds therein, to his surprise, the selected coin. This is repeated over and over again, a different coin appearing each time as suggested, the main factor in (he performance being that the subject of the experiment is acquainted with the gen eral features of the coin which he elects to appear. Eliminating the supernatural from this experiment, there is no other theory by which this performance can he explained than that of "hypnotic suggestion." Not withstanding our ignorance at present upon the subject of "collective hypnotic {sugges tion," the recent revelations in spirit ualistic manifestations indicate that such may be a prime factor in the illusions; con cerning which so many are ready to make statutory declarations. The accessories to a spiritual seance are such as would Induce the hypnotic condi tion. The semi-darkened room— the sub dued music — ihe mysterious unknown to he unfuthomed — the expectant attention— add ;o this the hysterical outcome of excited imagination and human gullibility, preyed upon by the fraudulent practices of dis honest and designing mediums, and you have this ghoul of modern civilisation un masked ! In concluding this series of fugitive notes on this subject, 1 wish to state that I have avoided alluding to many questions involv ed In the subject, not wishing to intrude upon the sensibilities of many who hold spiritual belief. I have tried not to be dog matic. In tlie words of Dr. Tuke. the well-known author of the "Influence of the Mind on the Body," ! may reiterate: — "There Is such a thing as a scientific snob. lie it is who is quite cor-, tain that be has fathomed tbe depth of the great ocean of knowledge, and that he can gauge tho spheres with the measure which he carries in his own pocket." 