IS'111 ?F '11l 11i I11i0I OF S.1 Lt TO DARGO. (FrIOM OUnt OWN CORIuESPONDENT.) The Bishop of Sale, Dir Corbett, visited Dargo on Saturday, tie 14th inst., but was lat~tjl arriving, owing to his having travelled front Sale that day. Notwith standing the late hour of his arrival, and r': they fatigue. of such a long journey, hlis Y.4. Lotrdltipristled tile church, where lie re mained until nearly midnight. On Sun day, the 15th, hiis Lordship administered the sacrament of conlirmation to 30 clhil dreen. After II o'clock mass his Lord shippreached oon " Our First Parents." i- . Int the course of the sermonr his Lordship exhorted the childrel, to be obedicut.to their parents in all things, as nothing was more pleasing to God and to tihe parents themselves as obedient, dutiful children. The duty of children to their parents was great, hbut the duty of parents to their children was greater. It was tie duty of .paretnts to see that their children were not only fed and clothed, but to see that their young minds were shaped, moulded, edu cated and cultivated so as to enable them hereafter to lead good lives and fight the great battle of life. His Lordship, at some length, explained and denoulnced the curse of inteamperance, and illustrated a few deplorable cases that cattme under his own observation. lie counselled lareuta to keep all intoxicating drink away front children, even tile polite glass of wine. The drunken father and the drunken mother were deplorable examples of tile evils of intemperance, yet lie regretted to say there were a great many of such examples, and very often the motley that should have gone to buy food and clothes for the children was spent in drinlk, and the children, through want and misery, were driven to crime, and eventually be came confirmed drunkards or criminals. His Lordship preached again after evening devotions, and chose for his text the XX chapter of St. John, 20th and 21st verses, " Receive ye tihe Holy Ghost. Whose sins you shall forgive them they are for given them, and whose sins you shall re tain they' are retained." His Lordship preached for an hour and a quarter, and went *to great pains to explail that the power of forgiving was descended front our Lord himself, and that lie gave this power to HIis apostles oni earth. It could not be stated, lie argued, that the forgiveness of sils on earth or the confessionial was inl vented by any mortal man. It could not hle shown that the confessional was in vented by pope, bishop or priest. They have the words of sacred scripture itself, which settled all doubt whatever. Non Catholics ivere under an erroneous im pression with regard to the confessional. Manly of them believed that when a Catholic confessed his sins he was ab sblved immediately. That was wrong, for confession without contrition was no con fession at all. The penitent must not only confess all his sills to the priest, but lie must also lave a sincere sorrow for the sin he has committed, and a firm resolution not to sin again. Again, many non- Catholics were under tile impression that if, for instance, a Catholic stole £50 from his neighbor, all lie had to do was to go to a priest and confess his sin and Ite would be forgiven. No such thing. Before that Catholic can get absolution he 'maust'mak"e good the amount lie has stolen to the person whom he has robbed. It has never beenr known that a priest ever revealed what was disclosed to him in the confessional. Instances have been known lwhere priests have suffered death rather than disclose what was confided to them in the sacred tribunal of the confessional. On Monday the children were given a picnic on the grounds adjoining sthe school. His Lordship was present dur ing the afternoon, ntil acted as handi capper and starter for the children's races, and also provided all the prizes. Rutn ning, jumping, skipping and other games of amusement were indulged in, and the children thoroughly enjoyed them selves. The tug of war, girls v. boys, was the event of the day. His Lordship captained the girls, while the boys were captained by Father Hoynte. It was ex pected that tile boys would have no trouble " iu swinning the contest, but it proved otheerwise. For some time th'e result seemed to be in doubt, but as the boys were slowly giving way, their captain, Father Hoyne, went to their assistance to avert defeat, and probably lie would have been successful had not his Lordship went also to the rescue of his team. Father Hoyne, who was pulling with all his might and shouting words of encourage merit to his team, did not notice this mansnuvre, but he very soon felt it, for the girls, with his Lordship's assistance, and despite the frantic efforts of Father Hoyne, pulled the boys over the mark inl less thaln five minutes. A few minutes alter the tug of war heavy rain set in, and the children were obliged to take refuge in the school, where they partook of the good things that were provided for them. His Lordship intended to leave for t Omeb on Tuesday morning, but was obliged to remain at fDargo oni account of the heavy rain, which continued during the night and the next day. It was sug. gested that his Lordship should abandon his intention of going to Omeo from Dargo, as the bridle track has never been . in such a bad state as it is at present, but l hi wouild' not alter the arrangements lie had made, and left Dargo for Omeo at half.past two o'clock on Wednesday after noon. -' The' repairs `o tile church are not yet completed. Mr Bull, thie contractor, is carrying out his contract in a very satis factory manner. 