DR. TALMAGE. "WHERE WE CAME FROM." A subject of such pregnant intercafc at M Wbera We Camo From," being the basis of a lecture by tho Rev. T, Do Witt Talmage, natu rally drew an immense audience to the Town Hall pn Saturday evening, to hear that (lis. tingui.ihed American divine. An every citizen of tho great Republic h more or less a lecturer, just an much na ho ia usually conoeded to bo a "kernel" or a" jedgo," the bearing of this lecturer, amongat lecturers admittedly chief, was rcgardod no an infinite treat by thoio who had not heard him, before. At the end of a long wait therovarondgentteman glided upon the platform, and utood in a characteristic attitude long enough for identification as tho original of sun dry photographn displayed in the ahop windows. 8oino applause ensued, and, bowing, he informed tho audience that to approach them wan "like Bailing through a summer sea studded with tropical islands, whoro tho air was redolent with magnolia and songful with birds," There was a sound thereon an of a largo body of people settling themselves in their seals, resolutely prepared to hear anything. " Thero is no war," said Dr. Talmagc, " between genuino aoience and revelation, The saidc God who, by the hands of the prophets, wrote the holy word on parohmcnt, alio wrote it by wind and storm on tho rocks." Chatting away to this effect, the lecturer described an interview he had with Mr. Gladstone, when tho latter said, "I have, off and on, been 40 years in the administration of British Garcrasscat, and dming lu.l timo I have been associated with at least 60 of tho most brilliant, learned and soientifio inen of the century, 55 of them ware conuistont professors of tho Christian religion aud the other 5 were respecters of it." Whilst true science and revelation were in harmony, however, Dr. Talmage said betweon soienoe, 'falsely so-called," and rcvolation there was permanent war, and one would eventually have to go uuder. At the present time he observed the air was full of platform and pulpit talk about evolution. In the firat place, said he, 'evolution is up and down, out and out infidelity ; secondly, it is coutrary to tho facts of soicnce j and, thirdly, it is paralysing in its tendencies." By this timo the audience had graapod the drift of tho lecture, whioh was to prove this statement to be tho faot. Dr. Talmuge put on tho witness stand the leading evolutionists, and asked them whether they believed in the Holy Soripturcs, in tho etory of Adam and 35ve in the garden, in the miracles of tho Kow Testament, in tho doctrine that Jesus Christ came to save tho world, in the regenerating |)ower of the Holy Ghost, and in the power of human suppli cation directed heavenwards. The reply by all was, he said, "No." That showed their infi delity. Dr. Talmage next put the Bible account of the origin of tho human raco against thnt of the evolutionists. According to tho Biblo "God said, Let Us make man iu Our own image," and God created male and female, and breathed into their nostrils tho broath of life. According to the evolutionists man originated from one or two primal germs or seminal spores. Out of that developed a mushroom, tho mushroom developed a tadpole, the tadpole a poiiywog, the poilywog a fish, tho fish a roptile, the reptile a baboon, and tho haboon a man. "As Herbert Spencer was not present at the Creation," remarked the lecturer, " and the Lord Almighty was pruxent, I prefer to take the Divine account of what really happened on that occasion as the correctone."(EIonr, hear.) DrTalmngenikcdafow questions to show the evolution theory was only an attempt to eject God, to postpone Him and put Him out of reach," He wanted tq know who made the primal gorm. Herbert Spencer said that was a "great unknowable mystery." Huxley exclaimed that protoplasm was the life giving quality of tho germ. " Then," asked Dr. Talmage, "dear Mr. Huxley, who mado the protoplasm?" Against those theories he quoted Agassiz and others to show there had been no olmnge in zoology, geology, icthcology and con- ehology for many thousands of years in the dif ferent typos of birds, boasts and fishes in the world of to-day. The origin of the earth from a fire mist ho ridlouled, showing that the nebula from whioh the firn mist was said to have been evolved had been dingnoved by the speetroHcopes of Freuenhofer and Kirchoff, and proved to be not the simple gas which it had been described, Darwin's theory of the survival of the fittest be held was untrue, arid supported his contention by many cogent arguments that the fittest did not survive even in most in stance. Somo of tho moanest and moat contemptible men, he said, lived to bo over 80. Ho knew a man who lived to bo 86 and never did a ohnritable action. Thon, one day, he gavo a penny to a deserving person and dropped down dead, he supposed through "sudden enlargement of tho heart." Such a true story as this from a clergyman naturally impressed tho audience as a very rcmaikablo development of the influenco of strong emotion on the vital energies, which ought to havo been noted by all tho medical men presold. The ridiculous side of tho statement was recognised by hearty laughter, which was inoroascd when Dr. Talmage told another, about a very economical man he knew, who begrudged tho money neces sary to dross himself properly, and "having a large wart on the baok of his neck usod it as the substitute) for a collar stud," Tho survival of that man to a good old ago before he was collared by Death was, in Dr. Talmago's opinion, not tho survival of the fittest. Having devoted considerable time to provo that Darwin and the evolutionists ot to-day derived their theories from Damooritus, Luorotius and other worthy ancients who flourished before the Christian era, he said that man's inner consciousness protested against his deoiared consanguinity with the bruto croation. Dr. Talmage drama tically avowed, " I don't want to know so much whore I came from as where I nin going to. I am not so much interested in tho preface to my cradle as in the appendix to my grave. The "NVaa ia overwhelmed with the To Be. ... I believe in nofc natural evolution, but heavenly. Divine ovolution, out of sin into holinoas ; out of the grave into gladness, out of mortality into immortality." Tho lecturer supported his views by furthor points of some importance, which perhaps had been better urged be fore he had dolivered himself as above. He rather spoiled the artistic effect of a well thought out discourse at the close by dragging in something about tho finale of tho great American civil war, which was not even remotely conneoted with tho subject, and must have originally formed part of a lecture delivered in the States, as Dr. Talmage said " No donhfc many of you were thero;" but, even with all demerits, tho oration was an able effort, and Dr. Talmage was in consequence much applauded when lie made his final bow. 