BRISBANE. (jFKOil OUR OWX CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday, June 30th. As tile day for the opening of Parlia ment approaches, much activity is dis played by the various political parties. The return, of Sir Thomas M'llvraith, the head of the Ministerial section of the House, to Queensland, has inspired his followers with confidence, though his unfortunate illness is likely to he more protracted than was at first supposed. Then the re-electiou of Mr Glassey, for the Burke, has been the signal for running the Labor flag to the masthead, and the calling to arms of that uncompromising body, whose insistence upon binding all its members to doctrines largely fashioned after the socialistic philosophy of Karl Marx has alienated much valuable sup port that would otherwise have been accorded to it. And, finally, the Opposi tion have opened fire in some of the country electorates, pointing out the glaring incapacity of the Government to cope with practical issues, and how the prestige and credit of the colony are vanishing under their iniquitous tute lage. There is one thing, however, upon which they are all of one mind—namely, the desire to see the colony recover its long-lost prosperity; but the party to lead will only be determined by "the survival of the fittest.'' There surely must be some lineal con nection between the famous Irishman in America who was " agin the Govern ment," and the professional agitators of Queensland. They seem possessed of that same perturbed spirit which Hamlet dis covered to be a failing of his father's ghost—the spirit of disquiet. Paradocial though it may seem, it is none the less true, that they never seem to he at rest unless they are waging war with that accursed capitalist. Their latest outbreak is against the pastoralists, hut according to information available at the time of writing, it seems destined to end in com plete failure. Notwithstanding all the hulls issued from Jthe Trades Hall ^not withstanding all the fulmauations in dulged in on behalf of labor; and not withstanding the thousand and one signs indicating the approach of the downfall of Capitalism—notwithstanding all these, the shearers are signing the agreement, and there is every prospect of the whole thing fizzling out. There'is no need to dilate upon the points in dispute; they have appeared in the "Advertiser" al ready ; but men are beginning to learn that there is agitation and agitation, and are more disposed than heretofore to look before they leap. 