MEMS ABOUT MUMMERS. W. E. Baker is now .Bland Holt's leading man. Easterners seem to be very much -concerned on the subject of Miss Henrietta Watson's age. She is more than seven anyway. How to arrive at the age of an -actress—Multiply the years she admits /by three, add ten, and divide by two. It's quite easy. George Bignold has been coining money with that melodramatic-variety piece, " After Dark." The Garrick Club visited Clare on the recent holiday, and produced Mr. j •J. H. Lyons's drama, " The Squatter's Pardon." Albert Marsh, now playing at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, has written a play called " A Dutch Devil." It •deals with the Matabele war. Bland Holt recommends it, but has not •accepted it. J. P. Macdonald, who has for years been George Rignold's business manager, is lying very ill in a private hospital in Sydney. Denis Xeenan appears to be the spokesman of the Warner-Tell Company now touring the provinces. He makes •quite nice little speeches to the bucolics at the close of the show. Charles Ryley would not have his photograph taken in Adelaide, because he was afraid it would find its way into certain objectionable places. Herr Piittmann's song, "The Leather Sphere," which has just been published, should find favor with footballers. It has a good swinging chorus which can be easily learnt, and ought to be sung at half time on the Adelaide Oval. Herr Puttmann will shortly publish a •cyclists' song. Julius Herz is very confident that he will be able to raise £10,000 in Melbourne for building a theatre in Perth. Now, .if he had got a gold mine to put on the market his con fidence might not be misplaced. Charles Holloway has got a good -company at the Theatre Royal, Mel bourne. Maud Williamson, Alice Deorwyn, Rosa Conroy, Julia Merton, James Cathcart, Bob Inman, J. -Sweeney, G. R. Melville, and George Majeroni are some of its members. - C. R. Lowne, who was in Australia with J. L. Toole, was married lately to a Mrs. Stevenson, a widow lady he met on the voyage from the Sunny South. i Adelaide has got its " Poverty Point" for actors and actresses. Quite a number of pros, are out of harness. Brough & Boucicault have taken most money with " Dr. Bill." , Many wealthy Parisians have the .Grand Opera House connected with their dining rooms by means of the theatre-phone. Reports say that the receipts for the Brough <fc Boucicault production of "The Second Mrs. Tanqueray," at Newcastle, beat all records. Miss Priscilla Verne is doing New Zealand with the Brisbane Gaiety Company. Managers seem to have been angling in vain for the Australian rights of the farcical comedy, " The New Boy," which promises to be a second " Charley's Aunt." None of them has got it yet. Snazelle tells of a South African miner who went to a newspaper office to insert a few lines in memory of his father, arid, asking the charge, was told 2s. 6d. an inch. " Great Scott! I can't afford it," he said, " My father was 6 ft. 2 in." Of " Manon Lescaut," a new opera by a young composer (Puccini), a London authority expresses doubt if it will enjoy the same popularity as " Cavaleria Rusticana " or " I Pagli acci." "Despite the undoubted beauty of the musical score, there are moments of tedium in this simple story, unduly prolonged in four acts," is the way they put it. The Adelaide Operatic Society hare " Der Freischutz " in rehearsal under! j the stage management of Herr Knick. Miss Ruth Wilmot, now playing at I the Theatre Royal, is a daughter of Dr. Garran, M.L.C., of Sydney, at one time editor of the Sydney Morning Herald. Alfred Dampier hopes to make a hit in London. He will in all probability play " Robbery Under Arms." Dot Boucicault, in saying good-bye to a Sydney audience, quoted as the joint utterances of Pinero and Cart wright—We cannot replace Mrs. Brough in London." Oh ! The Otago Workman severely condemns the London contingent of Thornton & Arnold's company. It says not one of the importations can act. The scenery parted for the pro duction of "As You Like It," at the Criterion Theatre, Sydney, by W. B. Spong, is described as the best that talented artist has ever produced. His daughter, Hilda's Rosalind, is highly spoken of. Bland Holt's " A Life of Pleasure " is doing big guns at the Lyceum, Sydney. E. E. Rice, who was out here with " Evangeline," has / once more been called upon to say in a New York Court that he cannot pay his bills. He has no property, no stocks, no money, no interests, no wages— nothing. Johnny Gourlay has an old judgment still- out against Rice in the States, and in all probability it was his lawyer who stirred up the recent proceedings. , An American manager advertised for a soubrette who could milk a cow in a rustic comedy. He was surprised at the number of applications he received. The town of Skien, where Ibsen was born, had a performance of his "Ghosts" the other day. Then, to take the curse ofl^ the actors appeared in " Charley's Aunt." Loie Fuller, the young American who invented the serpentine dance and most of its successors, never allows anyone but her mother to examine her completed ✓ costumes. They are made in sections. The English newspapers agree in saying that "Gentleman Jack," in which Corbett acts, is " dreadful rot," but they admire the appearance and bearing of Corbett, and state that his punching of a bag is a beautiful work of art. Mrs. Langtry was not pleasing to the gallery when she appeared in London in Robert Buchanan's " Social Butterfly," and the gallery, told her so in the frank and unmistakable fashion that is characteristic of English audiences. Lily has grown old, and the Prince of Wales was not there. The piece was a brilliant failure, anyway. Chicago's roof garden on the top of the Masonic Temple will probably be the highest place of amusement on earth. The building is twenty stories high, and the roof is about 265 feet above the street. The show must have been pretty bad or the defendant would not have been let off on such easy terms. Yictorine Beaucarne, who threw a dead rabbit and a stale codfish at a woman of ill-repute, who tried to be a star in Paris on the night of her debut, was fined only five shillings in a police court in that city. When Dampier was up country a sad accident befell George Buller, his manager. They had to leave a certain town at 8 a.m., and the dray man was instructed to call round at the various pubs /for the company's luggage. Buller, in his wild excite ment to have everything in readiness for the morning, made the fatal mistake of packing up his pants overnight. When the carter called in the morning, without taking the trouble to get up, Buller sang out to him to come in and take away his box, and it was only on rising an hour afterwards that he realized the awful position. Here was the manager of the Dampier Dramatic Company with out a pair of pants to put on. Some body in the hotel got wind of the joke, and the consequence was 'George couldn't even borrow a pair for love or money. Dampier offered him a kilt, and suggested that it would match the immaculate belltopper which Buller invariably wears. The last scene of the comedy was played on the railway platform, when Buller, rushing down with his nakedness covered by a long top-coat, seized his box from the ruthless hand of the \ drayman, and managed to secure his pants in time to prevent himself from being run in on the humiliating charge of exposure in a public place within the meaning of the Act. Miss Clara Butt, the young lady whose phenomenal contralto voice has amazed the London public during the past twelve months, was a companion of Miss Adelaide Porter at thexRoyal College of Music, London. She hails from Bristol, and is only twenty-one years of age. St. Paul's, of March, describes the young lady as possessing a voice of the rarest beauty, "being endowed with a genuinely' musical temperament and on a most generous scale, since she admits to a taste for street organs, and positively indulges in comic songs. Miss" Butt's debut was made in the Albert Hall, London, on December 7, 1892, when she sang the music allotted to Ursula in "The Golden Legend." Tier later triumphs in Oratorio and Sunday concerts at the Albert Hall and her popularity at court render any State concert now incomplete without her assistance. M. Constant Coquelin is one of the richest actors in Prance. He is said to have a fortune of £160,000. Besides his income-paying investments he has nearly £40,000 invested in famous pictures at his splendid home facing the Arc de Triomphe in Paris. " Yours merrily, Jno. R. Rogers," has invented some hansom cab improve ments which may be even more profit able than booming Minnie Painter. Blade Murray's Oxford Company still holds the boards at the Brisbane Gaiety Theatre. The latest juvenile prodigy is Signorina Giacinta deila Rocca, who is a violinist of wonderful power, range, and skill. Edward Terry, the London comedian who was out in the colonies not long ago, tells a good deadhead story. Worried for a " pass " Terry pretended that he had ho card, but generously wrote an "open sesame" on the order hunter's shirt cuff. The door-keeper was " put up" to the trick, and insisted on the presentor giving up his wrist band as a voucher! Tableau. The Adelaide Harmonie Society will present "Madame Angot" iat the Theatre Royal for four nights, com mencing on August 4. Alfred Maltby, author, actor, and artist, will arrive in Australia (his second visit) in September at the head of a London Comedy Company having a capital of £20,000. 