RAISING THE DEUCE; Or, PsycTilcal Research Out Back. Br Sn-is SNELL. A 5iEmusr named Ezra Spooker, or something like that, ivho professed to have enormous influence in the great subsequent where spooks and high-grade spirits most docongregate, and who was compelled to abandon business in Sydney in consequence of the enormous competition in the ghost-walking, table-rapping and illicit spirit business over there, had a remarkable experience in a township in the Wimmera district a few weeks back. The people of the township are devoted to the cultivation of pigs, spring chickens and large nuggets. The nuggets do not come up very luxuriantly, but the pigs and poultry flourish ap- ice. The chief inhabitants are the postmaster, the publican, the grocer's assistants and the two haughty young British noblemen living incog. who officiate as clerks at the bank. Mr. Ezra Spooker struck the township on a warm afternoon. He had his wife with him,and carried his tools of trade as a practising medium in a handbag that was much the worse for wear. Mr. Spooker was down on his luck. After failing in Sydney he had gone into the provinces, raising the ghosts of ancestors to order, and producing spirits in small towns at 60 much per spirit. " Hiz " had been had, and the Spooker combination was at a very low ebb when it wandered into "—we will call the place Cockietown. Mrs. Spooker, who was the chief goblin impersonator of the show, and a lady of great versatility in her line, was weary, hungry and thirsty for gin; Spooker, the great, the inimitable, was ditto, and deeply regretful that he had only the power to raise immaterial spirits. However, Ezra, though shabby and unbarbered, was a man of polished address, and during the afternoon he personally advertised his show about the township, and succeeded in awakening a great deal of interest, on the strength of which he secured credit for meals and stimulants at the Splitters' Arm=, and he eventually persuaded the landlord to give him the use of a big, barnlike structure at the rear in which to hold his seanccs. Cockietown is very learned and speculative for its size, and not without a certain philosophical interest in psychological aud theosopbical matters, and the elite of the place responded to Ezra's call, with the result that the first seancc was an immense success, and the Spookers found themselves two or three pounds to the good when they had paid all expenses. Early next day a deputation, consisting of the two high-born and extremely- select bank clerks and the aristocratic postmaster, waited upon the medium, and persuaded him to give another stance that evening. They were, they said, anxious to hear from a few defunct relatives in whose welfare in "the great on before" they were deeply interested, and they undertook to guarantee a successful seance from a financial point of view. Mr. Spooker readily complied with this special and. urgent request, and spread himself to provide a real hair-raising, marrow-curdling show. His stock of spirits consisted of two good angels, rather worn, the Spook of an old lady who was everybody's grandmother, one male ghost that assumed three different styles of whiskers, a floating cherub, and the Spirit of l'eace. The barn was crowded on the second evening; the youth and beauty, the wealth and fashion of Cockietoivn were there, and the seance converted many local materialists, and gave pleasure to all up to a certain point. Mr. Spooker had a curtain hung across one end of the room, and behind this he worked the oracle, and hauled the spirits from the vasty deep and elsewhere, putting his head out every now and again to announce the name and nature of the forthcoming Spook. Once or twice he sat on a chair in front of the curtain, and had fits and spasms in full view of the audience, to show there was no deception, whilst his wife remained behind the curtain and cajoled the goblins. The exhibition went without a hitch woith mentioning, till the time came for Ezra Spooker's greatest effort, the callingupof the Spirit of l'eace. On the previous evening, after being told that this particular spirit was in the room, and wished to be mide manifest, the audience had seen a •lark and heavy cloud like smol.e appear near one corner of the curtain ; this cloud changed slowly to blue, then to pink, aud in the midst of it ppeared the Spirit of Peace. This spirit was rather stout, and displayed a strange resemblance o Mrs. Spooker, and her wings were badly moulted, and her white robes seemed to need early attention at a steam laundry, but her appearance created a great sensation, and she was regarded by a spell-bound audience with wonderment and awe. To night Ezra announced the visitant as before, and then sat down before the curtain, and began to work himself off into a good, frothy, hysterical fit, As hiB fit intensified the black cloud appeared, rolling about near the floor like a ball of suioke. The people watched it breathlessly, delighted and yet dreadfully afraid.. Ezra's fit became more frothy and spasmodic, and the fumes turned quickly to a bright blue. " Come forth !" yelled the medium,- springing from his chair, clawing up hie long oily locbs with one hand, and pointing, the -other dramatically at the ball of smoker; "'Come forth, oh, beautiful speerit!" ••• ~ .' There came a smart clap as of thunder, a-weird, bissingsound.aglareof blindingredlight,andfrom the floor sprang a hideous fiend, red garbed, horned, fiery-eyed and cloven hoofed. It. was old Nick himseif. He carried his spiked tail over one arm, and gritted his teeth horribly. The audience shrieked and huddled closer, anxious to turn and rush away, but confident of Ezra's power to command all sorts and sizes of spirits. They looked to Mr.. Spooker. Spooker stood like a man paralysed, turned to stone. An unspeakable horror was manifested in every lineament ot his face and every turn of his limbs. Bis eyes started, his mouth w/is agape, and his long hair rose and felf as if stirred by the wind. The fiend took one step towards the medium, and Ezra recovered the power of action as if by magic. He uttered a yell like an elephant trumpeting, and, turning, sprang at an opening lii the wall, which, covered with calico, served for a window. It was a magnificent leap—Spooker went clean through, and landed outside in" the mud with a great splosh. Confusion thrice confounded followed. The udience, deprived of its confidence in the medium, turned and rushed the door bodily, and jambed themselves, fighting, tearing, struggling and screaming, till it dawned upon them that the barn was in darkness and the devil gone. When something like order was restored and lights procured, Mrs. Spooker, dressed in the garments and wearing the wings of the Spirit of Peace, was found fixed fast in the aperture through which her slim husband had disappeared; but Ezra himself was not to be found— many said Satan had flown with him. It maybe mentioned that one of the bank-clerks at tbe Cockietown bank has a splendid Mephistophelian " get up" that he once wore at. a fkney dress ball, and that there is a trapdoor in the floor of the barnfatthe back of the local Splitters' Arms, leading down into a cellar where a band of conspirators might easily have secreted themselves. Mr. Ezra Spooker was discovered at about noon h^t a ?;°=V n n the + USh ' a ile aDd a i° aW^y' , 1 1 ° * ' tr e V a « pray,ng < J ; 1 i g ? Dtljr " ftilt \ w Z Z manand ^'Tl 8 cl"l Cockietown. a L h e He has sworn off active spiritualism for ever, and is now officiating in the humble but honourable capacity of cellarman in a city pub. n,,.™. .,,.„„, , . . .. t (JUONG J ART, the popular Chinese merchant of Sydney, was struck with a brilliant idea last week. He is a sympathetic little man, and being anxious to condole with the candidates for Parliament who were rejected last N.S.W. election, he invited all those in Sydney to a consolatory bun and muffin struggle. Only four or five responded, and the feast was as dismal as a poor man's funeral. A buttered muffin and a cup of tea make poor comfort to those who hspired to • the run of the Parliamentary refreshment- room.- Tart should now give a spread to the elects Thbre would be no necessity to provide consolation " steaks." 