AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. [COPYRIGHT.] WHO IS HE? OR The Indian Mahatma in Australia. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY OF THE Natural & Supernatural, BY KENNETH HAMILTON M.D., F.R.C.S. CHAPTER IX. ALICE BARTON'S MARRIAGE. So the eve of my wedding-day arrived, and I sought my own dear haunt by the river where so many maiden hours had been passed in childhood delight in the mere fact of liv ing, sought this time with a sore and re bellious heart. I sat gazing at the swift flowing river thinking how clear and calm the depths looked, and, how sweet a rest I should find there were it not for the pain it would cause my dearest mother, also faintly the sense of wrong with which one regards the wrenching aside the awfult veil of the future life. No, no, I thought, I am young and strong ; other women have borne, I will bear ; other women have conquered, I will conquer. Ah, perchance the Mighty Creator will use me as an instrument to soften his nature and to curb and save this evil man. Truly that will be something to live for— something to wait and hope for. Mother says happiness is not the end of life, nor is it given to the greatest, the purest, or the holiest to have had a happy life. What am I that I should demand it ? I will be brave and take what has been forced on me in the best way I can, and God will help me. But, oh it is hard not to have a scrap of love even to begin with ; and womanly tears began to flow when 'Alice, Alice !' called out my future owner, and forthwith my sacred place was invaded to my costernation. He had evidently been drinking, but not sufficiently to rub off all the veneer with which he had overlaid his real character dur ing the past three weeks. He approached quietly and attempted to throw his arm about my waist, but I eluded the familiarity. 'Alice, dear,' said he, 'to-morrow will see the consummation of our happiness. Do you anticipate it as I do, I wonder. Of course, you know I am not a saint ; but, at any rate, there are sinners as bad as I am.' I replied as kindly as I could that there were plenty of men who could hardly be re garded as saints, though I had had very little experience of men either saints or sinners. This rather tickled his fancy, and he told me with a laugh that his experience of the other sex was a little more extensive than mine was of his. 'I have no doubt,' he continued, 'that you and I shall jog along as comfortably as other married folk. We shall both have to give and take, but if you don't look too closely at my faults—I suppose I have them like other people—I'll promise not to hunt out yours. Taking everytlhing into account it is a sensible way to commence married life. I don't think I have gained what people talk so much about—your woman's heart—but, at all events, I am sure of your woman's fidelity. Is there no chance of gaining anything more than that, Alice dear ?' he whispered, and again attempted to come closer to me. What was it that held me back then ? Perhaps it was wilfulness. Perhaps it was a pity that I was held back ? Perhaps—but no. There was no response in my heart to his soft, whispered words, and I had not learned to be a hypocrite. I was silent. The man then showed his real character. He got up from where he had thrown him self by my side, and, with a course laugh, said : 'All right, my bonnie wife, that is to be ; my innings will come some time or other. Now, I will leave you to your reveries.' Had I done right ? that was the question. I had seriously debated whether at the last moment I should not defy consequences and refIuse to sacrifice myself. Now, I had thrown down the glove perhaps prematurely. It was a difficult position for a young and inexperienced girl, and I thought myself un generous. Want of generosity, I think, is not a failing of mine, and the feeling that I had treated badly the man who had a right, perhaps, to expect some return to his ad vances, did much to reconcile me to the ordeal of the morrow. I remained a long time alone with my own thoughts after he had gone. The troubles of my past life—short as it was—crowded on my memory, but the future had little of pro mise. Was it always to be like this ? Was life nothing but a wearisome change from bad to worse ? Where were the recom penses ? It was a wearied woman, no longer a light- hearted girl, who retraced weary steps to the house that night, having buried all the girlish hopes and longings in a grave by the river— the river, my childish play-mate, my girl hoods' friend—the laughing, smiling river. Many a sad day e'er I saw my river again, and how changed then was I from the girl who said a sad farewell on her wedding eve ! Yet all through the river flowed on and on un changed. Not to linger over this wrenching asunder of home ties, the fateful day saw me the wife of George Barton, but pale, heart-stricken, still brave for my own mother's sake. She, dear soul, in silver grey and dainty lace, looking fragile and sad, and my grim father with his blustering ways and loud voice— 'Now then, Agnes, no whimpering. Mrs. Barton wants something to eat, so lead the way with the parson and the jolly young people can follow whilst I bring up the rear, eh, parson ? I know you're hungry—look it, poor devil. Eh—what ! don't know the devil ! Well, my dear sir, I do ; I met him in India where he took the name of Nana Sahib, and disappeared in brimstone and blue blazes. By Jove, it's a fact, sir. Saw him myself—in fact was drinking brandy pawnee.' So he rattled on in his usual overbearing style in great good humor at having gained his point, for we were to live for a time at least on an estate we had recently purchased in Akaroa. We went over to Melbourne for a month, and returned to take my mother with us for a visit to New Zealand. The six months that followed were indeed delightful, as my darling mother remained the whole of that time quietly with me in lovely Akaroa before my father saw fit to re call her home in such a peremptory style that there was no eluding the command. Long before this George had thrown aside the slight reserve that he assumed during the first months of our married life and showed more of that reckless disregard of all and everyone save himself that afterwards ruined not only our married life but also every chance of his own life ; and the parting with my mother was in consequence full of bitterness to her, for the absolute knowledge that she left the one dearest on earth to her in the care of a man who regarded all women as merely the slavish creatures created for the amusement and use of man. The day before mother received the letter from father, as we returned from a sail in the harbor, (George had purchased a yacht the first thing after we came to our own home) and were walking quickly over the lawn in front of the drawing-room windows, a dark, swarthy man peered out of the lilac bushes on my right hand, and, walking or rather gliding swiftly up to my mother, said : 'Your husband, madam, requires you.' 'How ?' said she in astonishment. 'I know,' he replied, with a singu lar smile. 'I know, as I know many things—and more—I know that he will shortly meet his fate. Should I tell you ? A dreadful fate it will be, but he brought it on himself. It is Karma, and that no one can avoid. Just as the tiny stone thrown into the immensity of the ocean sends a thrill throughout all its measureless volume, act ing on every land, and perhaps re-acting throughout the whole universe ; so our every action, however trivial we may suppose it to be, has its defined consequences and results. His acts, you know, have not been those the consequences of which he could anticipate without apprehension.' 'What do you mean ?' said poor mother, with mingled fear and perplexity. But he was silent—only the same smile re mained on his calm, unmoved face. 'Man, man ! Who are you !' I cried, 'daring to terrify one so frail as my mother. You cannot know. We do not live in the days of prophesy and witchcraft !' 'Nay, fair lily, not so fast ; you have yourself the gift of prophesy, the gift of clairvoyance and the gifts that belong to witches I shall bestow on you if you will. I have the power, and more than that look steadfastly at me till I leave you.' So saying he waved his hands twice over my head and I became rigid and intent when, marvellous to state, I saw only a cloud of white vapor, which seemed slowly to glide before this dread man, with his piercing eyes, and when, in a few seconds it had cleared away, he, too, had disappeared although all around us was bright sunlight and the smooth expanse of the lawn which no one could cross without being seen by both of us. So we stared into each other's faces, half dead with fear ; the air was suddenly filled with the sound of laughter, and a voice from beside us exclaimed— 'Daughter of earth, the Indian, holds many secrets in his breast, the result of many lives ; and the astral body is not as the earthly body. Seek for yourself the knowledge of which I speak.' Fainter and fainter the concluding sen tences, and in a few minutes all was still. Too terrified to speak, we grasped hands and fled through the drawing-room window. 'Hallo !' said George from where he was lying stretched full length on the sofa. 'Hallo, what the deuce is up now ? Your women look as if you'd seen Lady Macbeth's own special ghost.' 'Oh, George, such a dreadful man in the garden—an Indian—and I believe he's the same who came to our house in Tasmania the year poor Will ran off to Melbourne ;' and thereupon began a duet between my mother and me as we tried to relate the wonderful thing to George. He sat up and said : 'Phew ! By Jingo, the same old card who told me I should soon be his, though how I cannot say. Certainly he's a rum specimen —ugh ! (looking round) I feel as if the beggar was here now.' A soft sigh from the corner by the piano made us all three turn towards that part of room, when a sardonic laugh and— 'Good-night, my friends, remember the magic of India is not dead or impotent so long as her sons live on the face of the earth. Rest. I go now. When next I come you will know more. Good-night.' For once George threw his arm around me in a kindly way. 'Awful, old girl, isn't it ? If that fellow's not the devil himself he is his chief officer. No wonder you both look scared. By Jove, I'll have to take a glass of brandy myself be fore I get the sound of it out of my ears.' After this mother was in continual fright and worry, so obeyed my father's summons home all the more readily, for she was a woman whose watch-word was 'duty,' and well did she carry it out to the end. Two years passed over in utter misery and constant humiliation for me. Drinking, swearing, gambling, racing—fast in every way, George led the life he loved best, and soon got through what money he had from his father. Often after a few weeks spent in Auckland or Dunedin he would come home bringing a troop of men and fast women and order me to be civil and entertain them well. Loathing my work I was forced to be coldly polite to people whom I despised and detested, brought, as they were, by my own husband to my home. Reasoning and expostulation he never listened to. 'Madam, am I master here or not ? I do as I like, and the sooner you know it the better—no matter what you think. Who cares ? Get out if it doesn't please you !' Awful as this all is, many a time I had to sully my ears listening to what was a thou sad degrees worse, or to put up with his equally degrading caresses when he was pleased to be in what he called 'the deuce of a good temper ;' but I could generally, I found by this time, get rid of him by writing a cheque and persuading him (not much per suasion needed) to go and enjoy the races or any other festivity of which I chanced to hear, and then a few days or perhaps weeks helped me to bear a life almost unbearable and growing daily worse. This spring a hope came to me that before long a sweet wee form would be in my arms ; little arms would twine round my neck and soft wee lips be pressed to mine. Oh, holiest joy of motherhood ! how wonderful thou art ! What can compare with thee ! Thus the Catholic church makes the mother-heart of Mary the fount of all love and pity, for she knew the joys and trials of a woman. Yet even this did not soften George, and his treatment of me became more and more brutal. Well do I remember his cruel hands wrenching my hair, his blows, curses and even kicks. Some six weeks before the birth of my child I was very ill and had to call in the doctor, whose kind care got me round and whose sympathetic voice and kindly ad vice were to me at that time and indeed ever since the greatest comfort I knew—the only friend whom I dared trust with all the humiliating bitterness of my life. At last my baby came—a crown of joy and delight. How I loved my sweet one. How I crushed his wee form against my heart in a passion of thanksgiving to God for so won derful a gift. I knew my little one's thought —his wants—even before he was conscious of them himself, and for him I made a stand, that all his property should not be spent in riotous living. Let me pass by that scene. My boy was but a few months old when his father in sulted me and him with the last outrage, which a woman has to endure on earth ; but there his power exceeded its limit. I simply walked to my room, and, taking my child in my arms, bade the nurse follow me to the prin cipal hotel in Akaroa since the polluted house was no longer fit for my babe and me. A fortnight later George succeeded in forc ing an interview on me, when he demanded a large sum of money at once, threatening to kill me if I did not consent to give him what would ruin my child. Fortunately, Dr. Clarke was within hearing, having called to ascertain if he could serve me in any matter. He came when I called, and George imme diately and blankly consented to leave for Melbourne at once on the receipt of a cheque for £1,000, which I gave him. 'Good-bye George,' I said, holding out my hand. Things might have been dif ferent if you had so willed. I have been a good and faithful wife, and I do not forget you are the father of my boy. God grant you may grow tired of evil and come home to us at last. Good-bye.' He turned and scowled, but never a word. Hence forward my life ran smoothly. I had a few friends—my books, my piano, my paint-box, and last and chiefest joy of all I had my blessed boy. His sweet voice cheered me ; for him I grew merry again ; for him I sang and danced over the house and up and down the garden paths. I was his com panion and playmate ; his friend and advisor, later on, and he— Ah he was my inmost joy ! Infinitely more precious than my own life was this one which drew all its life from me, which was so fascinating in its clinging, helpless dependence on me—nay, I could not have lived had it not been for the infinite delight and care my boy was to me. So God gives us women mother-hearts, and in the experience thus gained teaches us His great truths and lessons and draws us ever up ward and onward towards that spiritual life which so nearly surrounds us. I tried to learn all I could of that life so that I might be the more fitted to lead and teach my son in all goodness, purity and holiness, and so the time passed on. My mother was now living with me. Dear soul, she had gone through much. A few months after my Geoffry was born my father disappeared in a most uncanny way. I had been on a visit to Tasmania and was there at the time. An Indian hawker came one day and my father lifted his whip to strike him for daring to pester the house with his wares, when the Indian lifted his hand and uttered a sentence in a foreign language. My father looked scared and turned away with a curse, and for several days afterwards walked about looking half dazed, spoke gently even lovingly to my mother, and one day, after kissing her gently on the cheek, saying : 'Lie down and rest, Agnes wifie, while I go out with the dogs for a bit.' He went out, and though seach was made far and near no one has ever heard of or seen him since. After waiting for nearly a year, hoping against hope, mother came over to me and my boy, and of all the households in Akaroa ours was, I am sure, the most happy and restful, save when the memory of the In dian's awful and mysterious words or the faint echo of the ill-doings of the scape-grace husband are wafted to us ; no cloud dimmed our sky ; all was peaceful and calm, and I wondered and wondered how any woman could ever deem the love of a man of any consequence, especially when she has so sweet a gift as a little Heaven-sent soul with its snowy purity to Iove and to train. So ends the first part of my story, com mon-place enough. Hundreds of girls marry without loving men whom they loathe in the intimacy of daily life ; hundreds of women are ill treated ; hundreds deserted ; hundreds have baby boys or girls to love, and the common, every-day lot of womankind comes to them and is a crown of joy or a crown of thorns, and no one cares, for women bear and suffer in silence-their time is not yet. I have said little about anything but the circumstances more intimately connected with my own life. I have said nothing of the death of the old man, Barton, who, long before his death, recognised how base and cruel his son was and what a wretched sacri fice had been made of me. The old man died in my arms, blessing me as his only comfort for years, and his last words were a whispered prayer for forgiveness. He had that for giveness, and he knew that it was from my heart. I have said little of my poor brother who ran the race of wickedness and brought sor row and disgrace on us all. Sorrow and dis grace are not subjects we love to dwell on, and if they have to be painted it is not by the hand of one that has to bear the load. My share of sorrow was great, but the disgrace was not mine, though I shared in it. What a different world would it be if we were made responsible for the deeds of our own hand alone ! CHAPTER X. ALICE CONTINUES HER NARRATIVE. The years glided quietly by ; little or no thing occurred to disturb the even tenor of our way. Then my sweet mother went to her rest and her home, but she promised me she would always guard and watch over her child, which I know she does. Life became quieter, and would have been for me infinitely lonely and sad had it not been for my bright boy, Geoffry, now twelve years old ; so thoughtful and companionable ; so strong and so merry, and not the smallest of his virtues in his mother's eyes—the fact of his entire devotion to his mother. Boat ing, cricketing—whatever the amusement or study it was with his mother as his com panion. Often I wondered at my sense of freedom, and I thought that the long-ago comrade of my own childish days was again with me.' My poor brother Will—no doubt dead long since in Victoria. I never could trace him, and of late I did not stir in the matter —selfishly, perhaps, fearing to hear of George, my husband. Dr. Clarke, my very good friend and advisor, made inquiries quietly for me once or twice, but nothing came of it. 'Let sleeping dogs lie,' is a favorite phrase of the good doctor's, and maybe the inquiries were somewhat slack. I had crossed the ominous thirty boundary when the whole of my life underwent a most thrilling change. It occurred in this wise : We had returned from a visit to Christchurch and had brought a young friend of Geoffry's to spend a few weeks with us. Geoffry came to me one day with a request that I should go up the mountains on a camping excursion, while he and his friend hunted all the wild things they could see. I could not arrange it, not feeling well, and for some time refused him, but he coaxed and petted me till at last I gave way against my own judgment as Dr. Clarke, his general companion, was unable to go with him on account of the expected ar rival of a friend from the old country. 'Good-bye, mother sweetest. I won't camp this time. We will wait till you come home—nothing perfect without you. I shall be home at eight to tea.' 'Good-bye, my son of sons. Lettice will make your favorite cakes,' I gaily answered my bright-faced lad. Alas gazing casually out of the window up the mountain path about five o'clock I was startled at seeing a queer little procession slowly making its way down : first my boy's friend, Harry Halcomb, then two men carry ing someone, followed by my boy's great dog, Bruno, with drooping head and tail. 'Heavens, my boy is dead !' I screamed and flew up the path to meet them. Harry ran on. 'Dear Mrs. Barton, Geoff. is hurt, but not dead,' he called out. 'Thank God !' I cried, my hands holding my heart tight. 'Mother darling, don't cry. I'll soon be all right,' whimpered Geoff. as I took his hand and bent over him. 'Hush, my child ; do not speak. Mother will take care of you.' Twice he fainted with agony before we got him undressed and laid in my largest room, for his leg was badly broken in two places and the pain was intense. Servants had gone flying for Dr. Clarke, and in a short time I heard some one come into the room where I was kneeling holding my darling's hands. W. H. 6 (TO BE CONTINUED.) 