f the banquet. | At 1 o'clock the delegates, several of . the ; clergyman conoeoted with the local churches, | Biid a number of ladieB, sat down to an excol- i lently prepared banquet in the sohool-room. t The walls of the building were handsomely de corated with flowers and evergreens, and. the tables were laden with edibles of a most appetis ing description. The company numbered bo- fwoan anil Qft a rt/1 I u nauio wero UHtJlUU ously attended to by ladies belonging to the Congregational Church, and who prepared the binquet. .Tho Hon W, H. Emhling, M.L.O., presided, bsing supported by the Rsvs W. H. Lawiencc, E. a- Crawford, J. J, HaMey, Day, Dr Bevan, and Mr E. D. Williams, J.P. The toast of "The Queen" was honoured with loyal enthusiasm. Tho Rov E. Stoggall proposed the toasb of "Welcome of the Union to Castlemaine and ripresBed his great pleasure in bo doing. Ten years ago tho convention had sat here, when the Rev W. H. Lawronoe waB pastor of the chnrch. That gentleman was now Chairman of the Union. (Cheers.) He (the speaker) had had some misgivings in Inviting the Union to Castle maine, but was highly gratified at the success so far of the sitting here. Well-deserved mention was then made of the Rev E. Day, founder of the church here, and who still looks hale and hearty, and ia esteemed by all. The Rev W. H. Lawrence, In responding, pud a warm tribute to the late Dr Embling, and likewise his son (the Chairman), whom all were glad to see present that afternoon. (CheerB.) Vith regard to the Union, the delegates were glad to be with their Castlemaine friends, and ae Chairman ho was proud to see the ministers of the other local ohurbbes present at the banquet. . local clergymen had shown that the Union is prized by them, atid are glad to see the valuable work that is being done by it. (Cheers.) May he pastor of the Congregational Church hero «ve long and prosper— (cheers)— and in the name of the Executive of the Union, the Rev Mr Lawrence heartily thanked the Castlemaino (Cheers ) kindnesa and hospitality. The Rev Dr Bevan, in welcoming the minis ters of other denominations', said that ho bad endeavourod to realise iq life and spirit the Misers prayer tfiat "we ali may be one." . mains ,sd 6eon tho soene of ono or two p easant visits by himself, arid ho had' descended , ascepded a gold mine in the district. ' Ha tho 'I ti. 2S from his descension of l , Therefore tfie name of Castlemaine sen engraven on tho tablet of his memory not m golden letters. (Laughter.) He had o a -®hinea© Joss-house in Castlemaine Will . ti,ne' and and Mr E. D. rLi, "lm i 6n'6rBd upon a theological discus- , "hilat in the Joas-hoaae. The discussion ho fLarriIe Pn 'wo Welshmen, who may 'br l ?i m.fi? understand Chinese. (Langb- whai i, .yt'Jtaros considered he was right, in and h m out Chinese dogma or theology, right a Jh-' ,B,eva") waa cer'ain that he wal ferrmt J? t" r'end wrong. Dr Bevan then re- WentifioA ieuuy «en ,'10 l"Rb who had been glad to fa iV Congregationalism, and he was adhered to fph ,ano®9tral Piety was being nob am. i ' Cheers.) Congregationaliats were that J 8 bhey simply desired the liberty ItZ 'Z, ?hou,d have also. They were miniator. ML0 wo'ooniB 'he presonoo of other no mnrn l WhD "J6" rea»y worship they are (Hoap hOft-n\0I?Intt. na' > are Christians, and in fiu r' name of ConaroBtttionaliBm eemod a of tha Master, Dr Bovan wel- (CheetB ) '0rB7 of othe.v denominations. 'hat ho wal thlnH.'l WwitDef' re!,lyint!' Baid Dr B»van k f? when hp read lately that and not rali dBldod to remain in the colon r - Ho eulogiaod IndnesB ntwi ' Jfawr®JD0 for an act of brothorly oaihohsd u greRational clreymen, wrdtog unifw ?nAbr0URht iht0 oont5ot-- W'fnoy sail.thL' iunominatln«:;>W %V--'Mr nearly ev«y toto..Vn.0 SstuVaa/ fiVfinlh. y minuter of the varion'a chutcHa In Oastlomalno would be found in the veBtry of the Wesleyan Ohuroli, and engaging in prayer for the encoess of the -services on the morrow. (Hear, hoar.) The speaker wns glad to state that much snccess had attended the prayors of the clergy. ' (Hear, hear.) Ho offered to Dr Bevan his hoarty thanks for his kind remarks in extending a welcome to the ministers of the other obnrohes, and he would also say, " Graoe, mercy aud peace bo unto those who love Christ in spirit and in truth," And may the church prosper abundantly. (Cheers.) The Bev Dr M'Oay also responded, and re ferred to his oarly assooLtion with some of the former clorgymen connected with the Congrega tional Ohuroh. He thought that Dr Bevan's work iu the metropolis had a salutary effeot, and he thanked him for hie oatholiclty of spirit. If wo prosorvo unity, and have charity, then oar affairs will be in excellent condition. There should bo absolute unity in things necessary, aud perfeot charity. (Cheers.) Tho Rev E. A. Crawford replied to the toast, and thanked Dr Bevan for his kind remarks and broad views expressed in reference to church matters. (Cheers.) Many years ago, when in tho old country he (Mr Crawford) had seon the name, "Tho Rev Llewellyn D. Bevan," and little did he think then that in later years he would be responding to a toast proposed by the reverend dootor. (Cheers.) The Rev J. J.a Halley returned thanks od behalf of the Union for the kind treatment Bhown the delegates in the town, and spoke flatteringly of the Rev E. Steggall, whom, the speaker hoped, would have a long and successful ministry in Castlemaino. (Oheors.) The health of all who had entertained the delegates was pro posed, and a hearty response given. MrE. D. Williams acknowledged the compli ment, and said the labour of entertaining and ac commodating the delegates wbb one of love. (Hear, hear.) Almost every denomination in the town had volunteered to accommodate the delegates to the Congregational Ohuroh. (Cheers. ) The Revs E. Day and Father Allen had coter- minonsly been pastors of tho Congregational and St. Mary's churches in Castlemaine, and both, whenever they met, displayed the greatest brotherly love, whioh waa nice to behold. (Cheers.) Mr George proposed " Th'a Chairman," and oxtolied Dr Embling for his -energy in- ali matters connected with the church. He was pleased to seethe doctor presiding at the ban quet, and hoped it would nob be the last occa sion on which he wonld bo present. (Cheers.) He (Mr Genrgo) had been conneoted with the church and Sunday school for the past 39 years. (Cheers.) Dr Embling made an apt and highly humorous response, and pointed out the "difference" betwixt- the - Anglican - and other Protestant oburcbes. Me was of Radical views when yonhg, arid attributed his donneotion with the church of England to the fact that it contained high ohuroh and low ohuroh, whereas Congrega tionalism, .ho thought, waB too Conservative. (Langhter and applanse.) He hoped, however, the churches would prosper, oaoh having the same Ohristianly object in view. (Cheers.) Last night there was s good cougregation in the chnroh, and the meeting was opened with de votional exercises. The Rev W. H. Lawrenoe read his address as chairman of the Union. After referrina to the change of looale in holding the half-yearly conference, he pointed, out that the half-yearly meetirigB might be made more useful by provid ing for the reading of papers on important topics, as at the annual assemblies. The inter- 'ohange of opinions has been refreshing and instructive. It is at their sectional meetings that the home brethren discuss moBt of their papers. ' It was also mentioned that special mission serviaes be held immediately after the Union meetings have olosed, and reference was then made to the formation of a sites fund in: connection with the session and mission. The want of such a fond has been sadly felt on many occasions. If they had had such a fund to draw upon in the past, they should to-day have been represented in a goodly number of places where' they are nob represented now. A simul taneous effort should be made to start the sites fund by the holding of a sale of gifts on a largo saalo in Melbourne, to be contributed towards by all the Congregational ohnrohes in the oniony. There should be a systematic giving to the cause of Christ, and the chairman was san guine enough to believe that if proportional giving waB the rule and acted npon by any Christian, the want of money for the Chnrch would soon cease. The essential brotherhood of the chnrch is riot s part of their practice, if it is a part of their' creed. Everyone belonging to the church should be as real brothers, and not merely a brother iii name, seeing that he is born of God, and fellow hoir with the Lord Jesus Christ. And wo shall never make the church uf God what it was intended to be — the aommon home of all Hie ohildren — until the principle he . had adverted to is seen, felt and known to be a great reality. The brotherhood of man is a tremendous fact, and the sooner the ohuroh understands this and acts accordingly the sooner will come the millennia). The address, which was lengthy and very interesting, olosed with observations upon the qnickeuing of the church into a higher life, the mission of Jesns Christ, the ohurch's mission, and by enjoining those present to take back to their duties a fresh and enlarged baptism of the Holy Ghost. Tho conference will be resnmed this morning, and in the evening a publio tea will be held in the sohool-room, followed' by a public meeting in tho ohuroh, when several clergymen will speak. 