HAMILTON ARCOIDIAGONAL COUNCIL. THE PRESIDENT'S. ADDRESS. The following Is the full text of the excellent address delivered by tbe Yen. Archdeacon Cooper at the meeting of the Archtdiiiconal Council in Hamilton lat week, and it will be found most interesting leading : — Mr dear Brethren, clerical and lay.— Most heartily and fraternally do 1 welcome you in the name of the Lora to this Council of churchmen assembled for the gloiy of God aod the edification of His Church in tins diocese. That you have tallied in each goodly numbers to the summons which by the mandate A the Bishop I issued evidences the interest you take in the welfare of Holy Church, and augurs well for a profitable result ol our deliberations. May the Divine Spirit, whose aid we have invoked, keep us in nxutv of spirit and in tbe bond of peace, animate and control our discussions, and mould and fashion our detexminationa The privileges granted by the Archidiaconal Ooon- eHa Act of 1SS7 have not been largely used. Weseem to have acted as if the only doty of each a Council to oonaderand report upon matters referred to ft by the Bishop- ln-CouncU or the Assembly, whereas the Act aleo charges us " to deliberate upon matters relating to, and to concert measures for the welfare of the Church In the Archldiaconal District, and to hold conference on matters of faith and morals." Upon the present occasion Important m titers have teen referred tons by the Bishop-in-Oountil, some of them by the vote of the Assembly: but even if diocesan matters were not officially submitted te us, it would, I think, be helpful to us as individuals, &Ud; beneficial to TMVtS «Vl M ATI A aroKAoonnnriM if v« met together at last once a year. May the advan tages of this gathering be so manliest that, before we separate, you will by resolution authorise me to convene you at same not distant date under Bule which provides that ' when the Council has met it shall be competent to alt at pleasure, and to adjourn from time to time daring the continuance of any Church Assembly." I know from experience how much churchmen zs the country districts value such opportunities as these for the interchange of ideas, the stimulation of effort, the realisation of brotherhood and tbe furtherance of unity. On the subject of finance, I cannot forbear to utter a protest against the means often adopted to raise money for Qmrch purposes. We are going from bad to worse. There are many indirect means of con- tributing that axe perfectly legitimate. Artistic skill, nimble fingers, and sweet voice — all may be used for the glory of God, but when ouce we begin to depend upon these things as substitutes! for straight grring, we enter upon a dangerous course. In these restless, sensational days tbe craving is ever for some thing new. " We must have novelty," is the crynd each thing must be a little more highly spaced, iwd contain a little more wotidtiness than the last. " We shall not attract the people ptiIpbb we do this ; no money can be got unless we do that,'1 and so it is all through the diocese ad nauseam, This may work its own cure. People are becoming so exacting, I am told, so much time and trouble are now required for the preparation of entertainments, and alter all "outsider" arc not in large numbers attracted, so that the congregation getting up the affair has for the most part to pay for it, the results are small com pared with the effort made. These things malm me hopeful that on purely economic grounds, straight giving will be more generally resorted to. But can we not take higher ground? Is not giving an act of worship? Should It not be a reeomition of God's bounty to us? Would that all money for Church pur poses were presented to God in Bis house, and His blessing having been sought upon it, it would itself become a blessing. But, for the most part, there is no principle involved in the giving — it is not propor tionate to income, U is not systematic as to time or method. I think that occasionally the cleigy might take & firmer stand on this question, though I know they are placed in a delicate and difficult position io regard to it. Cau I persuade tbe laymen here to resolve that in their several parishes they will do their utmost to promote direct giving, and in connec tion with raising money, to discountenance all that tends to lower the Church to the world's level. A little more faith, and a very little more effort, and wonders might be wrought in this direction. These matters are all more or less urgent and necessary, and I am sore you will give to them the attention they deserve, but there arc questions which, in my judgment, concern us even more j closely than these. For, Is not the life more than meat and the body than raiment? By all means let us perfect our machinery, let us put our finanwxi upon a sound basis, let all things pertaining to the | Church be ordered wisely and well, bat what about the Church itself? There are doubtless many evi- . deuces of vitality, but upon the whole, are we satis- ' fied that the progress made is proportionate to tbe j period of her existence, and the expenditure of effort 1 during that period ? Is the Church the mighty power in the world that Christ her Founder destined her to be ? Is she hallowing tbe thought of the age, puri fying the streams of the world's activity, ministering to the deeper needs of humanity, elevating the masses, making her mark upon the social and political insti tutions of the nations, softening tbe asperities of life, diffusing a benign charity — in short, setting up tbe Kingdom of God, and showing forth the Christ ? That her influence has been greater than nuoj will allow, we confidently affirm. Directly or indirectly she has ; made for liberty, enlightenment, parity, progress. The imperfection necessarily associated with the 1 human element In her has caused ebb and flow, but in the main she has ever been the champion of the oppressed, the protector of the weak, the friend of the miserable. She has taoght, and with no little success, the dignity of labour, tbe brotherhood of man, the omnipotence of love, flerseif the home of learning, she has liberally disseminated the blessings of education, which, In turn, has furthered the cause of civilization, and ameliorated the lot of mankind. And above all, she brought a new influx of power Into tbe world, set up a higher standard of excellence, a new ideal of character, inspired men with nobler aspirations, impelled them to a txocr heroism, and made them to realise, and, to some extent at least, to live up to, their Divine kinship. But we are concerned about her present place and power. Is she what she ought to be, might be? There are not wanting critics who bae a ready an swer to oar question. We are told " the Church as an institution has lost touch with both the human ud the Divine " — a startling and sweeping assertion, and, like all such bold generalities, sure to be com pounded of much exaggeration, aod some truth. lino fliinir icywtdaSn 4h«t (n art far IE m UV in tAnrh with the human, we are in touch with tbe Divine, and; on the other hand, we cannot be truly influenced by the Divine without largely influencing humanity. I should not refer to such criticism did I not believe that the opinion Is gaining ground that the Church is failing, or, as some would have it, has failed in her mission, and must either renew her youth, make good her claims, improve her opportunities, grapple with present day problems, show that by origin and in dwelling she is divine, or else make way for some other organisation which will do the work more effectually. Let us test this criticism by reference to that branch of the Church which we belong, and its work mid influence in this Diocese of Ballarat— afair and sufficient test, because I believe our work is as well done as the work In any other diocese or any other church- Well, then, candidly, is any one of us satis fied as regard numbers, thoroughness, influence? It is true we mayjyear by year take credit for the erection of new churches, and general Improvement in what we may call plant or machinery, we may re joice that onr Sunday scholars increase, and that our communicants roll expands, and that according to the statistical returns our congregations in the average tear -favourable comparison with previous years. Bnt such results must oe weighed as well as numbered- In saying this, however,! do not seek to minimigp the effects of the excellent work done in Western Victoria since the formation of this diocese. I gladly recognise them, and no one is more devoutly thankful for them ; but what has been done must not blind our eyes to what still remains to be done. Visiting, as I do, maoy churches, interviewing com- ; mittees, coming into contact with the chuithpeople of various parishes, making enquiries as to the re- . Jigions habits of the people generally, 1 am bound to confess that in one respect the result is most dis couraging. Al ordinary services the nea are almost al wayB in a minority juid many of tbe absentees are pro bably either utteny indifferent or openly hostile to he Church. Far beitfrom me, however, to brand as irreligious all men who do not attend public worship, or who do not in any way openly profess their faith. Men ore n.tnnilly eetioeat, end only on the rarest occasions, ud when loll ooofideoce is reposed in the confidante, wttTniiny men give any sign of tieir deep, rererent, deront attitude towards religion, and, further, of their real belief in its fundamental verities. Bat something is sorely lacking, or these Nioodemuses and Josephs — these secret disdples— wonld be more closely identified with as. Bnt .part from these, wbat of the larger mass apparently uninfluenced? We may not shelter ourselves behind texts which speak of the " little flock" and tbelewtbat find the narrow way. If foe gospel we teach be foe Divinely-hmnan power which we believe itto be, then it is capable of exert ing afar wider influence among men. May we not then conclude fort throughout Christendom there is much apathy ana hostility towards the Christian Church? What ere the reasons assigned in justifica tion ? I have found them to be chiefly three. (1) That the Church has not kept in line with the social movements of the day ; has fostered rather tnan mingaiea mem prej mucus , ,n au, iu Byrupauiy with the great body of working men has preached the gospel of foe -poor in order to safeguard the pockets ol the rich." (B) That thereto each a &£bel ot opinion in the religions woria, Christianity being Eplltpp into a multitude ot sects, some varying from others in trifles only, rat none willing to give way; sometimes better tivury prevailing with much tin- charitableness ; and so men stand aloof from all, until, es they phesae ft, we have settled our differences one with another. (81 The inconsistency of professing Christians, the low tone adopted by meny of them in social, commercial and political life— BeHMhnna, sharp piaotioe,an eye to foe main chance, oiten foe complete divorce of morality bom prijgonImnging odium upon foe very name of Brora personal experience as a pexifo priest, . "I know fort foe Inconsistency ol some professing Christiana is a great stumbling block, especially to men whuee own lives are beyond reproach, and who, by their uprightness of character, their sterling in tegrity shame those, who, if truly -the followers of Christ, would be in every thing above suspicion. Of foe injusttoe and cruelty :at times practioed by Christian nations, we So not speak, bnt titers is. eomeiustifleatioo tor Swinbame'e Bringing lines IW loved of little children long ago l ' Bead hated of thejaieste and raters then t Say, was not this Thy paiBion, to foreknow : InThydeath'ehonr, thewurksof Christian mm? The form whloh the inoonsfstenuy fakes in oar 'own chmoh Is uotfoet otntlng hypocrisy which is so intolmhle to men ofhonoar,but rath exiles in foe low tone aaoptedhyeome -who are numbered -with- us, the Jittieinflaence which religion seems to exer- cise upon the daily life, tire slight difference notice- Able between such obnmhgoers and ' thorough men otfoewoda.toe accommodating spirit of their re-, tigicm which enables foem to do very moch as the eteftiral firtyrfc jflWiPfl i' But sgainst this,'3foere is onqnestlonably an in crease among church members of more wholly con- secreted men and women, living in and tor their Dord, and foe unobtrusive, htdyllvet ol these will taL , . . \- This not question npon -which we can formn- late wintt&yhtM.miw-ip; individuals strive to attorn -foe :4oetrine, of God nor Saviour in all thingagTowSngrene Onlltn the knowledge of Christ Jesus our Bora, remembering tbst we are to be as lights in the ,srodd,as tiH salt at. foe atrth, «n- Ugbteningandpnrifyingall'wiawhomwB come in cuntact. living epistieslmown end read of ell men. t ,-fXhe disunion otGhrietBodoirilS BiTgetl as another enuun why vnm ane not tdentifioa with foe church ; MR Ufa 1 cover amid tbe jarring discord what is necessary to salvation, but they often confuse church doctrine and church polity, matters of faith aod matters of opinion, and pay more heed to the utterance of an individual than to the recognised standard of the Church. Bat whilst the-existing state of things may not exoase the individual in his attitude of non- ass Delation ot opposition, it la a condition very much to be deplored, and is a source of weakness to the cause all Christians bare at teart Do not we -of the Church of England constantly pray that God would " give oa grace seriously to lay to heart tbe mat danger we are in by our unhappy divisions ?" In the thinly-popoiated districts of a new land all the practical hindrances of division are accentuated, and the fewer the people the greater the rivalry— not a godly jealousy, a provoking of one another to good works, bat a competition as in business, and which for the achievement ol success, Is not always par ticular as to the means used. The financial element is not wanting, the |gss or gain of a family making a considerable difference to the miserable stipend received by a country clergyman, minister or reader. For tbe same reason there is an tmbrotheriy desire to be first in the fixing ol anniversaries, special services, congregational gatherings and the like, trom which increased monetary results are antici pated. Within my own experience, qaite re cently some very sharp practioe of this sort was in dnlged in. Can we wonder that the opinion is pre valent that we seek to win men to oar ch arches as much for the sake of their support of tbe ohoreh, as lor their own spiritual good ; or that a subscription to the fands ot a Church is deemed by some to be a sufficient recognition of religion and a sob Statute for personal holiness 7 See the same spirit at work in the Sunday schools, every kind of influence and no little bribery bring used to gait scholars. Think again of tbe enormous waste in volved, waste ot men, of means, of power. How is it to be avoided? The longings and prayers of many Christian people for unity, must in time bear fruit Oanwedo anything to farther it? A select committee on Gharch unity, of which oar Bishop is chairman, was appointed at the last General Synod, and in a progress report there is a recommendation which If carried oat might be productive of good " That yoor committee be empowered to organise, through the Primate, if possible, private conferences of representatives of the Church with cboffm repre sentatives of other Christian bodies, for the purpose of obtaining a better understanding of our mutual positions, and so prepare tbe -way towards orgaaio unity on the basis laid down by the Lambeth Con- , fereuee of 1888." But in themeantime can anything be done to check this unwholesome rivalry? If fasten be at present oat of the range of politics, can anything in the way of federation be devised f Perhaps before the close of the wwiftn we may see oar way to ask the Church Assembly to take some action in the matter. Turning now to the first ol the rmmrm referred to as effecting the attitude, especially working men to the Church, bear with me if X deal with it some what more folly. Surely this charge against the Church, of bring out of touch with social questions is most untimely for, as far as the Church of England is concerned, there is an earnest desire to be truly helpful in the settlement of those grave questions in sociology which have reached the affote stage in our day. For some years past almost the ohief place at our con gresses has been occupied by social questions, ami all sorts and conditions of men have teen Invited to -discuss them. Convocations; synods, conferences, Episcopal charges have teemed with references thereto, whilst many ol the clergy have titrows themselves heartily into the field as the advocates tor»a ui pAutttuu x have some- times thoaght that onr leaders have been timid and Blow-moving when, some factor of the problem has remembered that Archbishops and Bishops are representative men, and their utterances and actions to a great extent commit the Gharch over which they preside. A free lance may be more in his counsels, less fettered in his actions, ff success attend his efforts, unstinted praise will be bis reward ; if mischief result from hislnterfereuoe. be alone beats the blame. That some great, vyAingl changes most be made ere long is patentto any one who gives & casual consideration to Vip present condition of things. On the one hand, an increasing amount ot idle money as such it ceases to be capital), and, on the other, an increasing number of idle men ; tee tendency, admitted by all, of the rich to become richer and the poor poorer. When we think of the state and environment of m,ii?nwq of people in Christendom, tbe dull monotony ot their lives, the grinding, wearing, ceaseless struggle for existence, tbe apparent hopelessness of their lot, the glOOm, discomfort, nnhafllHiinf Qf their surroundings, can we wonder that, burning nnder a seose of what seems to them the injostioe which allows tee few to be nursed in the lap of luxury, and the mauy to lack tee necessaries ot lite, some of teem, goaded by despair, become lawless and vicious? The greater marvel is that in the British Isles there is so much endurance, so little revolt. And if relief be not afforded, if things are allowed farther to drift, if the cause be not dis covered and tee care applied, may we not expect that those wbo are now patient, orderly and law- abiding will be forced "into the ranks of the anar chism. I may be wrong, bnt it seems to me teat a sooial revolution -mil mark, if not the twentieth century, and if so, would it not be better that it should he influenced by tee spirit of Christi anity than that it should be dominated by anarohial : atheists? Tbe visible Chorch of Christ woold seem to be tee very organisation required for the initia tion and development of social reform. It is an universal society embracing men of all grades and races, it was founded by and upon Qne who is both the Representative ana tee Pattern of humanity, and by virtue of His mcamatiQu — that great central face of Christianity, around which all other facts and doctrines are grouped, and from which indeed they spring— we are taught the brother hood of man. For deny it who will, it is chiefly to tee Christian Church we owe it that men in any degree regard themselves as members one of another. The Christian Church is tee Kingdom of God upon earth, and in its " notes" of 41 righteousness, peace and joy in tee Holy Ghost" we have to quote Ahe Dean of Ely, "the Christian translation of tbe old battle cry of revolution "—liberty fraternity equality." in which nothing of the old truth is lost, but all is interpreted, purified, trans figured." By the incarnation we are farther taught teat tee heart of God is in everything hnmyi, and teat Divinity meets humanity in every r1 and fact of life, and therefore that tee Church of God is within her province when she seeks to influence man in all matters belonging to his bodily or spiritual life. And in this connection we do not forget that the early Christians were reproached by their assailants teat Christ was bora of a working mother (operatise vtaZru), Again, if great changes are to come, they will not be brought about without much clashing of opinion, strife of tongues, and trial of temper. In proportion, as men feel intensely, they speak stzongly,and are led to take one-sided views, often denying to those who differ, purity of motive or sincerity of purpose. Here too tee Church of Christ would find her opportunity, holding the balance true,lnculoating broteedy Iove,oondemning selfishness, and lifting tee controversy out of the atmosphere ol prejodioe and passion, into the calmer regions of truth and peace. In short, with Professor Shattieworte, 84 Of one thing I am sure, teat the gospel of Jesus Christ is the only power teat can cast out tee devils teat oppress, our Society, and teat of tee unsolved social problems which perplex us all, tee Church still holds tee key." These unsolved social problems confront as here in oar new Und,ad demand tee same attention at oar hands as tbey do that of our fellow-church- men in tbe mother country. And to my brethren ot tee clergy, I may say teat in dealing with these questions, X have not much fear or wpcnlarisfng tee palpib It is tee duty of the preacher to apply eternal principles to present day needs, and in doing so he must be fair and fearless, tender and true. We often proclaim that religion is not something to be put on and off with Sunday clothes, end therefore to be consistent we must show that it has to do with the buying and selling, the work and tee pleasure, tee Uriels and temptations, the cares and of every day life. I& contemplating abuses to be cor rected, wrongs to be redressed, inequalities to be rectified, we shall regard them not so much from tee statesman's point of views from that of the Ambas sador of Christ. You will remember how well this is illostrated by Dr. George Adam Smith in his ex position of Isaiah v-.,mnd as a portion of that chapter is often quoted in connection with question I may be pardoned lor reproducing his remarks. Speaking of tbe prophet IsriaSi, he says:— " We feel he is not faring questions of State bot sinBof men. He has nothing to tell us of what he considers the best system -ot land tenure, but he enforces the principle that in the ease with which land may be absorbed by one peoon the natural coretousaess of the human hearthas a terrible opportunity for work ing ruin upon society. . . . Dazmg recent agita tions In our own ixmulry one has often sees tbe "land laws of tee Bible" held forth by some thoughtless demagogoe as models for land tenure among ourselves; as if a system which worked well with a small tribe in a land they had all entered on an equal footing, and where there was no oppor tunity ior the industry of tee people except in pas ture and tillage, poold possibly , be applicable to a vastly larger and more commex population, with different traditions and very different social ciroom- fitaaces. Tsalab says nothing about the peculiar land laws of bis people. He lays down principles and these are principles valid in every civilisation. God has made the lend, not to feed tee pride of tee few, but tee -nataral hanger of tbe many, and it is His will that tee most be got out of a country's eoD for -the people of the country. Whatever be tee system of fenq tenure— ana while au are mure oi ieas uauie w auuse, u us uie uucy qi a people to agitate for that which will be least liable — if it is taken advantage of by individuals to satisfy their own cupidity, teep GoS will take aopount of teem. There is a responsibility whloh the. State cannot enforce, and tee neglect -of which cannot be punished by any earthly law, bat ell the more will God see to Ik A nation's treatment of their land is not always prominent as a question whioh demands tbe attention o! public reformers : -bnt xt-oeaselesdy has interest for Goa, who ever holds individuals to answer for U. The land question is ultimately a relirioos question. For the management of their lana the whole nation Is responsible to God, bnt especially those who own or manage estates. This is a earned office. When one not only remembers the nature of the land— how it is an element of life, so a man abuse tee smTifc is as if he poisoned the air or darkened the heavens— but appreciates also tile multitude ol personal relations which the landowner or factor boms in bis band— the pesos ot homes, tee oontinnity of local traditions, tee physi cal health, tee eocifal fpailrwinrirri and frajiknegg,apfl , tile delicate associations whioh their habitations entwine about tbe hearts of men— one feels that to all wbo possess or manage land- Is granted an opportunity of patriotism and piety open to few, a ministry leaB honourable and named teen none other committed hy God to man for his fellow men." Ahf my brothers, here Is woik Indeed for fee prophets of God; to show tee liafloamen of tiffs' colony who do not realise It fas, feank God. home wf them do) feat to them is committed fete sacred ministry to teem' is granted tiffs splendid «ppor» portaniryof patriotism ana piety. Gboi&j; teen, ought sot to be, must sot be indifferent to these -questions, and I .am anxious thatfin tiffs dlooese vre should insome practical way khowthatsbeisfcot The Melbourne Ohnreh As-;, sernbly nnanimooriy appointed a Committee to coot; rider from timetefene tee duty of Abe Ghntehlnj regard to Industrial questions, and to malm ceoom- mentations to fee iftfeop or to the Assembly, .pro- Tided that the Committee take notiction without tee direction ol fee Bishop otfee Assembly, f I suppose this is intended as fctnd of cmeigeiM ooinjziJbep to consider fee duiy-olfee ChUTeSfan special booa- sions, sate jualrotitxrafliot between employers and cmplqrad.; JAeteptofeerig&dixection3U;& to be plrealservice in any such conflict ,we xnnst ?be . in; touch with «nd bare the confidence of bothT martiH bonoera aod lvras lea to refer to 'tiffs Eubjeet in connection faith, tea reason often fiadduoea r<∨ tee efanatfon otsiaige ceotignbf fee wmMngmea i ye>brq,sr ' ; " l .;r . /-' . , ;; Hew caiu-irewin litem? Mm Wmen -Ham here,' aadeaimlsssM a»apmwinWl.i WHI some vff bar fanfl <hs Msstort hhaaom.; : Do not pat tt lromlsoa I am convinced there is not a clergyman here who > does not wish and pray that he might influence men more largely. We must not be content to leave things as they are. It may be discovered that we, tee clergy, have drifted into professionalism ana formalism, that tee round of duties has bqeti per functorily performed, teat we have leaned upon organisation and method, and machinery, and ignored tee motive power, that a stirring up of Eft that is in us Is needed, that in lad clergy and ity alike need to be reminded that spiritual pro gress is brought about by tee operation of spiritual forces. However, much we may be shamed and reproved let us find out tee cause, and, if It be in our power, remedy it. I have no better words to conclude with than those i wife which I ended a sermon to the Assembly in the Pro-Cathedral eleven years ago If the Church but remember what is the true source of her strength, if in all things she give honour to the Holy Spirit, if She hold fast the cardinal truths of, scripture, if she mirror forth and magnify her Lord if she be trustful and tranquil, alert and active, all- embracing in her sympathies, and energetic in prosecuting hex mission, then, although attunes she may be obscured by passing clouds, she shall come forth as the dawn, fair as the moon, clear as tee sun, and awe-inspiring as the bannered hosts. 