AlfiONGST THE MEDIUMS A VERY REFINED CIRCLE. "G1ANNY" AND "DADDY'' OBLIGE. A " BEAUTIFUL HEALER." Xn. II. Dv Kit.,. N'ow tKU ia iho gut of what tho medium rive tn in parnphraao. One after another to ooe member of tire clrclo after ruDthor, " I'm well and happy in apirit Imd and I bupa you will not mourn mi— I am always thinking of yon (or 2'um or Harry, acrding to tho family tia of tbe apirit) givo my boat love to tbom nil. I have not visited you befnre, because you did not est with £»o right medium (here tbe medium oau do a little business for berscif) : now you may expect many visits from toe through Mr Blank (more business). Well, I rnu«t bo going now. (Jood byo.'1 And then tho medium >o-ks bercLnir, exhausted, rests, utul after a hvma 1 baa heon sung, comes forreurd and repeats tbe aame tbinr <Q much tho samn laugungo, with tbe variation of bucIi details a» tbe questions of tbe sitter — say last night— suggest it would be satisfactory to imrodnco to-night. Anything eito abe picks up from tboconver- aatious before and after tho circle sit. Long confabulations tako place between regular Altera and tbo medium, but with all new. comer it ia very brief, and on tho safe eidc; but all besrin and end more or Iom after tbe etylo of tbo precis given above. 1 ndced.il was tbe " I'm woll-and-happf-no-more-at-pre- sent " stylo, that reminded mo of tho immigrants, and gavo tho cluo to an analysis of the medium's speeches. The former will always dictate just about tbe aamo, because tboy have (ow ideas and not many words with which to express them; for the sarno reason the mediums know nut infinite variety. 'J bey all conduct their seancos Is rooms lit by a small lamp, which is turned low, and " blocked," as ono lady oxpressed It— that is, books are placod in front of it till tbe room is ahaoit in darkness, save for a flicker In a dis tant corner. 1'bey ail sing hymns while tbo medium la going off, a process involving sundry dramatic shivers, Tbey all have one or two friends in tbe drolo who eeem to mind " the front ol tbo bouso,' as theatrical people aay. There friends collect tbe monoy, talk amiably to cvoryono, and ask questions in a guUelms, careloes way ; the information so gleaned may or may not bo told to the medium, but I havo heard quite enough told to the friend of the medium io five minutes for the medium to tell the inquirer something plausible noxt niuht. There friends of tbe medium all pretend to be more or lew olairvoyant, and to be domin ated by this or that spirit. Tbey ait passing their .band over their foreheads ex plaining it ia to prevent some spirit from having "control" or lo dismiss one that is bothering, snd so on. This game goes on so persistently it must have some raisoo d'etre and I should not be surprised to hear that tbe bush telegraph is clumsy compared to it as a' mean of - sit-nalling ' dancer," "caution," "go on ahead," etc., to the medium. One marked instance confirmed this sus picion. Tho medium's friends eat in circlo be tween mo and anothor stranger, both ol us being well watched and questioned. The medium was ono of tho foremost hero— a weU-pokeo woman, who soorned to ask questions herself. She mjved cautiously, feeling her way. Addressing mo, she said, "Thtro is an old lady looking at you ; she lovos you," Tmrnodiatolv her friend in tno circle laid to me with intense fooling, "Thcto! Can it bo your mother, dear! Is she dead?" Against my wish— for it is hideous to even appear to permit tbeeo people to talk with one's dead— 1 was obliged to say yea, as she waited my answer. 8ho pH«od her hands over her face, and tbo tnodium launched forth thus ia a delighted sort of way : " Suob a dear old lady, with grey hair, and she aaya she wauls to spoax to you." Now, I paid my shilling to seo what went on and most carefully refrained from asking for anyone's spirit, so felt quite justified iu Hying coldly, " Thank you, I don't wish to ipeak. It is not my mother. Uho died before the was old and while her hair was black. You have made a great mistake." There was just tbo least sensation when I said this, hat the woman fo->k it coolly and said, "Yes; dear, I did make a mistake ; the guide ays he reid it was your grandmother. I didn't understand him at first." She went on to tho jthers, and the matter dropped. This reminds me to mention two things. Every spirit is supposed to bo led by a guide who answors questions, and announoes often that the spirit sought cannot speak to-night, but will noxtnight. Thiaaftoryouhavo boon invited to ask quoetiona of tho guldo or spirit, ami so givo a lair amount of amUtaooo to tho nstdium. Thou to others who havo evidently been through this, tho spirit Is aliowod to speak a littlo, but directly questions beoorao troubleeomo the guido announces to tho medium he mnst take tho spirit book, and tho no-moro-at-proaont business is repeated. Tbo' other thiDg is this, that no matter what occurs tho mediums havo a patter or an answer to moot it ; they aro like eels tbe way they wrigglo and hoist out of an awkward situation. Some people think a well framnd question or two would nonplus tbom. Such ones should tako their little questions along and try. It Is not my exporlonce. It Is their gamo, and has to ho playod their way, and If you won't play their way, why, you are not in tbe game, as school chiidrou havo it. 'The way to play tbe game la this : go and aslc to see your sainted groat-groat-grsnd- xnother ; the spirit guido will bring bor ; then be or tbo medium will announce nho cannot spook to-n)ght. After circle tell the medium or her friend what you think would bo a fair thing to expect a sainted grcat-grcat-grand- mother, tosay, and she will say itsandwichqd between the precis of tbe mediums formula I ' gave above ; then you mu6t say spiritualism is a fine, satisfying, elovating game for a great mind, and tbe medium is a marvel, and come ovory wcok and bring a friend and pay. Presently, as they get to know y6ur history, they will tell you tboy have a private message to give you, and in- veiglo you into a private sitting, fee fa for the first, 2s Cd for all others (some others charge fa every tlmo) and the spirit tells you to oomo every week— good business again. Mo muoh for generalities applying to uvorv medium I have seen. Next, a few --brief particulars, and tboy must bo much condonsod, for mediums ure nothing if not prolix. Yet often ono would have as tittle renso of humor as Mrs Triplet not to be amused. I was told tbo raodlutn most eateemod by the spiritualists wouldslb in circle -at 7, .10 that night, and resolved to bo puootUAl to boo tho seance oommcneo. Arriving at 7..J0 I found by" meaiages to her sitters tho had pat it off till. 8 o'clook to suit some of thorn, so sat roadiog and waiting, in tho room was a woman suffering from en luternel com plaint; ovor which tho medium, and an old woman called ' Granny," positively gloated Ail 'seemed to .cherish the belief that when the right medium should be found her touch would cure it, and thn mediora rooommeaded another, to whom 1 will refer loworduwn as "n'beautifalhealer," and said her magnet ism might suit Itiio sutfuror hotter than tbo speaker's. " Granny" Mid she had never found a- medium with magnetism stioog enough for her, and ha had been spiritualist 30-years . flhe certainly looked tough. Soon.there wm " filch a gettln' up etalrs," and an eld gentleman halloa by tbe trio in chorus as Daddy," came lo. He pulled a mull brandy flaak out of bis pooxet, and gave It to the medium, saying, "Thisisa mixture for toothache " She took it and thanked bitn. ?- Then "Daddy" and " Qraimy bad one of thonoebuukfttitf ilirta- tione tbat it tako old hands ti uegotiuto suboeiisfully. Muantlmo tho medium had put her "too'liaobo mixture" uwity, and put on a white blinking dress, ratbor effective when the lamp was turned down, giving her a ghost- like look. Hy quarter past eight thoro wore foarteou present, superior spiritualists for tho most part. Tho woman with tbo Intornal dlreaso bad as muoh said about it a i any dooent spirit cuuld ho expected to say, even a spirit that poke with lofty scorn for the usually aooeptod , cause of and cure for tbe disease. Thou some one said, "Granny's off." I had notiocd the old woman falling aaleop, m 1 thought, and wondered whr' she was not lu bed. Uowover, she was working up a franco. " Go to her ; she's got something she wants to say," said ono. Tho medium's friend went and kuolt in front of her, und she sighed and slobbered over her for ten minutes, then said, " God hluM you," and woke. From remarks made it seemed that " Graony's" porfor-, m«nco that night wss not up to tbe mark. It was a suOiuleutly siekenlng sight. Later on " Daddy" favored tbe oompany by " going ofl." Now, his performance, I have no hesitation In pronouncing dh-giuUnc- In foot, 1 havo never seen suoh a sight auy- where. Ills attitude, as ho sank io his obair bis head fallen limp, bis chin on his breast, dribbliog, his bands limp on each knee, and breathing hard, seemed tco much for the medium's friend, end another, who shook him and said, " Daddy, sit up," in a way that said, " do not be idiotic; you are overdoing it." They got him into a better position, and tbo mtdium uUcerl her hands on hi head nd said, " Poor Daddy, tho magnetism to-nigh. U too strong for him." A superior man appealed to me to know if I could see tbo spirit of bis daughter sitting ou tbo medium's knees. 1 eaid " No," and he seemed dUippoi&ted.; A woman —a sort of Dot I'crybiogie— informed mo she thought it great nontonso. -She bad jnst put baby to beJ, and slipped in to nw it out of curiosity, benan.se her nixter u-a in a developing clas.i and she believed it wonld send her mad. „ Now, a developing class is where 11 sensitive young sniriw," to quote their teacher, aro " brought on," and bextne mediums. Here more clumsy tricks than those that wrought the ruin ol flerr i'aulus are taucht young girl from one guinea upward ! The moiium who tela tho above seance and clau wss referred toss a marvellous inspira tional speaker. She spoke fluently and cor rectly, but with great paucity of ideas, vocabulary and style. "Jerusalem," "Golden City," and "Christmas Lilies " consti tuted the poetic flights— they are often need for that purposo by speakers of a certain tasto. Not a single bright idea beaotiful m:Laplior nor finely-turned sentence escaped her. Yet people, spiritualists, aay she is Very fine ; it was milk and water, aod eky- blue at that. Space precludes even a glimpse at other circles, but the ' beautifal healer'' must not be forgotten. The " beautiful,' it must be understood, applies to her alleged gift of healing, not to her face, which is not only plain but evil. looking. I heard of herforthe first time at the circle, and alt tho spiritual ist said she was clever, and should be seen ; her pecialitv is healing and private sittings at os. .She has a circle, but only stands and add»c?re people on a mixture of several re ligions, Hasteni and Western. She is on tho iiighent plane of spiritualism, she says, and could not sit in the room with anyono who likes , a table turned over or to hear a spirit rap. They aro vulgar minifoitations for tne vulgar of a beautiful religion, of which she and one or two elect hold tho key. Bbe has been in the Holy of Holies, and jumping tables will never satisfy heras they onco did. Kvcryono seemed to say a sitting with her would lift one into another atmosphere, and was the sort of thing ao inquirer ought to seek. I havo sinco learnod what I did not know, that these mediums not oniy recom mend people from medium to medium here, but to mwliums in other coIoqIm, and send all particulars to tho modiom, who thin gets a great reputation amongst traveller, who mention theirexperience on a voyage. It bad also been forced upon me that it was only half playiug the game not to Oak for a spirit When I anked the "beautiful healer" if she thought she could bring my sifter's spirit for a conversation she said, " 1 always suo- cecd, no matter who fahs. .Sit you here. 1 may tako some time aoing off, but whoa I do, jua. talk as if your sister were here." Sittiog examining her bottles of oil used for rubbing there she heals aod some other articles of her stock-in-trade on tbe table near, she took me unawares when she dabbed out hor hand and gasped in a whirlwind of delitrht, "Sister ! here I am at last. How I'vo longed for this. It wax your spirit-guide brought you to Mrs DUnk. Then, in ver bose stylo, was given the stock patter given in preois above, and more in the aamo style. Thou, grasping my hand very tightly, she said, " What friends we would have been If I had lived, but it was not to be, you see. It is all for the boat, You can't aoo it. You are blinded with grief, but 1 can h eo it." Then— and, gonilerncn, it in recorded with tho samo sorrow with which it was heird— oho raid moo are bad i Ob, eo very, very bad, doooivore, and many other names too numerous And impolite to mention were said to deszribo your characteristic to a nicety. Than shesaid, " Why don't you speak to me 1 Let ine hear your voice again." Now, really, I had thought so little of tho matter I had not fratnod a question, aod staggered by the request, had not a tbincto say. Aftor a pause this came, but it sounded hollow, and did not pleaso me. "Of coomo, I'm very glad to soo you." Tho spirit rooipro- catcd tbe fooling. Then, unable to think of anything mora intellectual, I said, " Do- soriboyour present homo and lifo," and in two brief minutes repented this idiocy, for the modiam was off like a rocket, and took about fifteen minutes to say over and over again that it was a beautifal and happy Homo, inhabited by beautiful spirits who took a keeo interest Id tho dwellers on earth, and xvbo were always ready to yarn when wanted. Further ques tions were invited, bat sot put, so tho medium shivored, awoke, took her fee, and said any time I over waotod to speak to my sistcragaia nho would tnnko an exception, aud only cbsrgo 'Js fid, for tho giri was a beautiful spirit nud far advanced in spirit land, and nho oxpouted nn she got in touok with ui, would havo something to say that wo should hoar. It is necossary to steto hear that I novor had a airier, though simple cowardice pre vented tho foot being stated to tho tnodiuiu. I said to an ox-spiritualist, " Surely thoro is something more than tbeeo silly games and this silly patter to bo found t" Ho said not in thoso cirelos whore you pay your shilling for your chair and that are ooon to cvoryono. That's a fair samplo. Thore aro more re fined private oirolcs, but only believers or thoso vouched for hy friondsos earnest in- quire rs can go. (It should havo boon mentioned abovo that tho medlmna aononnoo at tho i publlo circle that tboy will " sit " with a few friends in private on suoh a night and ask friendsEopaBBronndtboiutimaUon,cnernodium remarking that he had forbidden so and so to come to tho publio soanoe, where hard spirits sometimes came as she was sensitive, and bad to bo kept from all sooptioul in fluence till stronger. Then in those private circles yon find much tho samo thing us elio- where. They knuw each other and the history of anyone tboy bring or set a confederate to find out for social intercourse is . pari of the game, thoso lower class mediums just parody what their betters do. Then spiritualism is not tho samo to-day aa. it was in my young days : then, it at tracted a different class, now it ia played out comparatively. A great many former spiritualists havo, liko tnynolf, ombrocod tbo- oeciphy. Oh, yos, circles investigate hero anu there, but tho palmy days of spirituulism are over, Yea, tho exposures had something to do with it. ' Do tho olrolos pay?— Woll, formoriy, yex. Nobody grudged a shilling aud l!0 or JO would drop In twice a weok for tho fun of tbo thing. . But not now. You aoo tho size of , tho circles.' Bad times havo affected it liko everything elie. How very mundano of spiritualists to allow "badtimos" and a consideration for paltry shillings to afloat tbom. Onu would think that Uio intellects that seek and require the mental pap dished up for thorn would rise superior to "shillings" und "times." But .they do not, it seems. Eveu beings "all soul " liko the modlums havo a reward for tbe "shillings." Just aoothur instance of the weuk littlo traits und foibles sometimes found in truly great people. Kven » medium can not be great all round at "priao one ubil- ling." 