Salient Points of the Orthography Bill Now Defore Congress. The Fiftieth Congress is considering a bill for "'an amended authography," wion pro rides for a simplification of spelling. The bill prescribes that it shall take affect upon all mee schools of the Territories and those of the District of Columbia, and upon the Mili tary and naval academies and the Indian and colored schools in the Territories. It declares, flrthermor, that any oeicer, school director, committee or teacher in control of any school deeeribcd in this act, who shall relusee or neglect to comply with the require ments of the not shall be removed from ofice. The bill' egins by enacting that '*the fol lowing amended orthoRraphy shall be re aogniead as coureet." Tne orthography re ferred to is grouped under the following twelve heads: First : The silent e shall be dropped when phonetically unelers, as in are, granite, eaten, rained, harken and so forth. Write so for re, as in theater, meter, saber and so forth. Second: Drop a from ea, having the sound of e, as in leather, leather and so forth. Toird : Drop ftrom co, having the sound Of e, as in jonpardy, leopards and so forth. Fourth : Fnr o having the sound of a write u in above (tbuv), dozen, some (sum), tongue (tung), and thu le. Fth : Drop o from on, having the sound of u, as in journal, nourish, rough (mr), trouble, tough (tul), and the like. Sixth: Drop silent e after g, beford a and in native Enghlih words ; drop final ue, as in guarantee: guard, gues, guest, guilt and so forth ; apoloae, satalogue and so torth; demagogue. pedgogue and o forth; league, harangue, tongue (tung), and eo forth. Seenth ; Double consonants shall be sim. plified. Final b, d, g, n, r, t. , 1, a, as in ebb, add, egg. inn, purr, butt, bailiff, dull, buzz, andso forth. Medial before another consonant, as battle, ripple, written (writn), and so forth. Initial unaccented prefxes, and other on accented syllables as in abbreviate, accuse, affair, and so forth; curvetting, traveller, and so forth, Eight: Change d and ed, final, to t when so pronouneed, as in cossed, (eoat)..lookad (lookt),-and so forth, unlese thee affeati the precedmg sound, as in chafed, chanced. Ninth: Change e to z in distinctive words, as in abuse, verb; homse, verb; rise, verb and so forth. Eleventh: Drop t in astsh, witch, and so forth. Twelfth : Change the spellingin the follow ing words: Ake (ache). anker (anchor), beuty (beanty), coea (Coold). whole (hole), parlament (parliament), reoeit (receipt), rime (rhyme), sent (scent), nitbe (scythe), wimen (women), yomnn (yeomen) ; drop silent b in bomb, crumb, debt, doubt, domb,lsmb, limb, numb, plumsubtle, succumb, thumb; change a back to a in cinder, expence, fierce, hence, once, pence, scarce, nesi, saoures, thence, tierce, whence; drop the h ot eh in chama mile, choler, cholera, melancholy, school, I stomach; drop gin feign, foreign, sovereign; drop h in aghast, burgh, ghost ; drop gh in haughty ; though (tho), through (than); drop e in aisle, demesne, island: PeodiJed, That the toregoing roles shall not apply to proper names. And proeid/urd forhr. that where ambiguity would result from the use of the aid rules the old form may be retained. "I am a strolling player,", groaned a seedy loosing fellow to a gentleman on a country road, " and do not ask for money, but only some left-off clothes." " ly good fellow," rejoined the latter I am sorry I can't aeiest you. Times arc now so bad that I wear my left-off clothes myself." S"ty daughter Ann takes a great interest: in eaheties," observed Briggs to Squal Sdig. "She could juot put you to akee talking about high art." "I see," repl;ed Sqoaldig: " arthetli Ann becomes an auesthetis." Maud (reading title of picture): "'A nut' for a Leech. What kind of animad do you suppose a leech is, Clara I" Clara (doubtfully): " Oh. I don't knows something like a fox, I should think," AlFarmed poeetrian,(pilakingp a painter at the iau on f a ladder) ; "' My poor man, are you hurt muon t" Painter: "Only three ribs broken, But I wt ent down with colore flying, didn't I"" Wild (looking te p from her boak): "Toa know a great many things John; Now what do you think should be done in the case of drowniongf" . Husband: Have a funeral, of course." Mrs. Arlington (just married) "The goods lha"r you lelt here yesterday Was axuellnt; Let me have another. But of the same goone, mind. My husband is very par tiselar." e (at a verylate hour, with deep lender. nOe: "' How can I leave theel" She: ".Why, really, Mr. S:ayer, I :an'i tell you. I wish to heaven I could." S Mamma: "Edith, con you tell me What faith" - Edith (~ged six yrar): " Oh, yes; it s believing what you know isn't true ". She (vindictively): You need not hops to tsaape me thus..The wounded heart never forgets.. I shall, follow you to youir Hr .(with bravado): "Not if yu di frast.", 