On ami Off ffie stage. Arnold's new English Comedy Company open with Charley's Aunt from Brazil at Hamilton this (Saturday) evening. Mr. Pat Finn, the theatrical critic, is to he ton dered a benefit at the Hibernian Hall, Swanston street, on December 31. The Sydney Theatre Royal was opened last Saturday by the new dramatic company organised by Messrs Ashton and Woods, with the ever-popular drama, Hands Across the Sea. Mr. George Bignold's aoting in the sensational ■ drama, Siberia, has drawn..such large audiences to Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, that it is only to night a change of programme is made. The Two Orphans is to be staged this evening with a com pleteness of detail which will surprise the audience, accustomed as they are to the excellent mounting of all plays under Mr. Rignold's direction. Mr. George Stephens has arranged for a dramatic and burlesque company to open at Perth, this week, and tour the Western Australian goldfield town ships. The company includes Mr. Jas. Wilkinson, a burlesque artist of considerable stage experience; Miss Amy Johns, a capable danseuse and soloist,' Miss Alice St. John, a comedienne, with a charming* voice j Miss Stella Stewart a variety artist, and Messrs. A. Holland and B. St. Clair. The following from the San Francisco Music and Drama, of October 6:—"Mr. Arthur Greenaway, a handsome and talented young Australian actor, made his first American appearance on Octo ber 1 at the People's in Oakland. It is pleasant to welcome an actor of Mr. Greenaway's ability to the American stage, and to note that his impersona tion of Paul Durand, in Herminie, was that of an experienced and conscientious artist, who cannot fail to become as groat a favourite." The burlesque of Little Jack Sheppard has proved very attractive to the audiences at the Theatre Royal. Miss Maggie Moore acts and sings with a vivacity and hearty enjoyment of the fun of the situations which enlists the sympathy of the audience, so that they laugh and applaud with rather than at her. Mr. Roberts' clever personation of Jonathan Wild, and Mr. Oily Deering's humour as JBlueskin, have come to be fully appreciated, as indeed are the personations of all the leading members of the com pany. Many of the incidental songs and dances have been changed since the first production of the burlesque, so that now the performance has all the freshness of a " second edition." This faroical comedy, The New Boy, remains the attraction at the Lyceum Theatre. It is now preceded by a one-act drama by A. E. Drinkwater, entitled True as Truth. Miss Edith Houseley plays • the part of a blind girl, Mr. Frank Hawthorne that of her lover, and Mr. Alderson that of her repentant scapegrace brother. The dialogue tells the pathetic Btory of the blind girl's affection in a manner which enlists the sympathy and interest of the audience, while .there is strong dramatic interest in. the situation of her lover, not knowing who is her brother, procuring his arrest on a charge of burglary, of which he is innocent. The acting of Miss Houseley quite fascinated the audience. Mr. G. H. Snazelle, the entertainer, has been telling a representative of Cassoll's Saturday Journal some funny stories. Here is one of them :—" I was placing my advertisement in a Melbourne daily newspaper office one day, when a tall lanky country man walked in, and said he wanted an 'In Memo nam' notioe in the obituary oolumn of the paper. ' My ole guv'nor died a year ago,' ho explained, 4 and I should like a bit of potcry in the paper about him.' ' All right,' said the clerk, have you brought it with you P ' ' No,'said the rustioj 'can't you fix me up a bit P ' ' Certainly,' replied the clerk j ' our oharge for ' In Memoriarn' notices is six shillings an inch.' A look of intense amazement passed over the countryman's face. ' Great Heaven,' lie cried, as he made for the door, ' I can't afford that j ray guv'nor was six feet high 1 " It will be gratifying to those who think with Democritus that laughter is the panacea for all human ills to learn that after a short but successful season of George R. Sims' diverting medley, Skipped by the Light of the Moon, the oap and bells are not to be laid aside at the Bijou Theatre. Morocco Bound is to be presented at that pretty house to-night, when it is sure of a warm roception, and in all pro bability of a long and successful run, as it will be given with all the original music, dancing and scenery. The porformors include Messrs. Elton, Shine, and the whole of the company engaged in London to play the "musical farcical comedy." Mr Phil. Stuart certainly does not allow the grass to grow under his foot in the race for publio favour, but says with Cuto," "lis not iu mortals to command success, but we'll do more, wo will deserve it." The Bijou Theatre programme has again been changed in accordance with Mr. Phil Stuart's plan of presenting fresh novelties before his audiences have o-rown weary of the first. Shipped by the Light of the hloon is one of those musical farcial comedies which enable the characters to introduce any amount of variations. Mr. John Gourlay, as Obadiah Dingle, sings several new songs. Miss Isabel Stuart, as Sarah, sings and acts with exceptional verve. Miss Marie Elster, as Millicent Warfield, sings a couple of interpolated airs with magnificent voice and finish. Mr. Edwin Kelly is very amusing as James Warfield, and Mr. Claude Herman, as Prank Pelham, proves that he is an accomplished comedian as well as a clever singer. Miss Leslie Norman, Mr. John Williams and Mr. Horace Bent also contribute materially to the fun of the entertainment. Some sensation was created at the commencement f the week "by Messrs. McMahon and Kenna M-.ciinincp an iniunction in the MnLhmirno — of une ween, uj juooois. jLuummion ana ixenna obtaining an injunction 'in the MeibPurne Supreme Court restraining Mr. Wilfrid Shine from leaving the Morocco Bound company to fulfil an engagement Messrs. Williamson and Mnscrm™ tii© jxlotugcu jDuwiM i/u luiiii. tiu Qngageinent with Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove at the Sydney Lyceum Theatre. The affair was amicably settled, and Mr. Shine was released from the custody of the sheriff, who allowed him to lodge at the White Hart Hotel, so that he is announced to appear as arranged, in the character c>f Spoofah Bey, at the Bijou Theatre this evening. It seems that Mr. Shine was .under a six months' agreement with the management of the Morocco Bound company at a salary of .£20 per week, and he considered that the conditions had been broken, so he entered into a fresh contract with Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove. The initial performance by members of the Yorick Amateur Dramatic Club, at the Hibernian Hall last Wednesday evening, was not a complete success, owing, no doubt, to the nervousness of the performers. Their voices were scarcely audible in the hall for the greater part of the time. With the confidence that will come with experience, this club will no doubt work up an excellent reputation among amateur societies, as many of the elements of success were noticeable. The play essayed was The Philanthropist, a three-act comedy drama, which was given for the first time in Melbourne, those in the cast being the Misses La Pontaine and Sohaaffer, Messrs. Marks, Braham, Pourdrinier, Simonsen, Davenport and Munro. The stage management was in the capable hands of Mr. J. A. Patterson. The proceeds were in aid of the " Old Colonists' Home. The tableaux vivants at the Princess Theatre are excellent of their kind, and far surpass any previous attempts to reproduce with living models famous pictures or statuary. Each one of the sixteen subjects is an exquisite harmony of colouring, artistic pose, and poetic sentiment. The mechanical effects in some instances are marvellous, as in the flashing of the " Will o' the Wisp" lights, the falling sleet in " Comrades," the opaline irridescence in " The Pairy of the Moon," ana the eerie corona of " Circe." The quiolcness with which the pictures are changed is another marvel, considering the elaborate details of each subject. The, artist and the art-lover, how . ever, .will, be disappointed if they expect that each presentation "will actually look a replica of the original." Ku3kin long ago, in his Modern Painters, pointed out. that a picture, like a poem, depended upon its verisimilitude rather than upon its verity for creating artistic ' impression. An. artistwho simply copies his models with photographic accuracy never creates a great pioture. Much can be done with such perfect stage appliances as those used at the Princess Theatre, and the spectator has every reason to be well pleased with the spectacle presen ted under the title of tableaux vivants, but it is impossible for rouge and fleshings to reproduce the effects a skilful artist attains with brush and paints, or for eleotrio lights to give the chiar' oscuro the artist discovers in sunlight or nioonlight. The New Yorh Clipper of Ootober 6, writing of Mr. Arthur Lawrence, who played in Australia with Marie de Grey troupe, says :—" Mr. Lawrence arrived in the United States one year ago and made his first suocess at the Garden Theatre, New York, in Ibsen's gruesome play Ghosts, his impersonation of the old pastor having reoeived uiuoh well de served praise. He afterwards played Jasper Grime-, wade in A Woman's Revenge at the American Theatre, New York, and soored a success therein, although the play itself was a failure. . This part had been offered to him by the . late Ileury Pettitt on the original production of the play . in London. Mr. Lawrence was afterwards seen in Ghosts, upon the road, and his performance of the role of the pastor secured for him. ..in,, Boston oouaplimentary .notices from the entire" Press of that city, such as arc rarely accorded to any actor. He was also^Boeu at the Madison- Square 'Theatre, in Miunio Selig man's production' of Lady Gladys on May 28 last, and his,rendition of Sii', Gilbert Vane in tins play whs not'only the feature of the performance, but proved him an actor of rare merit, Mr. Lawrence is at present a membor of E. II. Sotliern's Company, under the management of • -Daniel Proliman, and is appearing at the Lyceum Theatre, Now York, in The Victoria Gross, playing the rule of Ahraedoolan, Visoer of the Nawab of Rarapore, a vole fem which his long residence in Iudia;peculiarly fits him, and which he portrays in a manner which should add greatly to his renown. M.r. Lawrence is a con scientious and intelligent actor, thoroughly trained in his profession, and one who bestows upon his work careful study. Everything he has done since his arrival in America has been worthy of the highest praise, and his further career here deserves careful attention." There has seldom been a more appreciative audience assembled in the Princess Theatre than that which witnessed the first production of Mam'eelle Nitonche last Saturday. Musicians hold that M. Hervo's accompaniments of the merry songs and choruses are too flimsy to be classed with even light opera, but to the majority of theatre-goers, both music and dialogue is quite substantial enough. The acting, singing and dancing of Miss Nellie Stewart as JDenise de Flavigny, the Nitouche of the second act, more than compensates for any thinness of plot or absence of elaborate orchestration. Her demureness as the show pupil of the convent school, her frolicsome mischievousness when un restrained by the presence of the abbess, and her brilliant acting and singing as a prima donna of opera boulfe, are all perfection. The resources of her by - play are inexhaustible, and yet in every one of the characters she assumes, from demure schoolgirl to gamin drummer-boy, her acting is admirably appropriate to the personation. In the first act her duet and dance with Mr. Lauri, who personates the comic opera composing organist and musio teacher, was enthusiastically redemanded. The scene with Mr. Wallace Brownlow, who per sonates the young lieutenant who has been selected as the future husband of Mdlle. Denise, was clever comedy acting, and Miss Stewart's song, with guitar accompaniment, was deservedly encored. The scene in the green room of the theatre was capitally stage-managed, and Miss Nellie Stewart's song of the "White Indian" once again, showed what an excellent dramatic singer she is. Mr. Brownlow's acting throughout was very good, and his singing of the interpolated song, " Beware," proved that his voice has completely recovered its fulness and resonance. Mr. Lauri was very divert ing as Celestin, and his song of the "society girl" was re-demanded. Mr. Howard Vernon looked the part of the amorous old military commandant, and sang his cavalry song with capital verve. Miss Florence Young acted the part of the capricious theatrical " star " with verve and piquancy agree ably surprising to those accustomed to see her only in parts affording small scope for acting. The ballet is a " cancan" with acrobatic variations, and the audience liked it well enough to demand the dance twice over. » Tho Philothespians announce a performance of The Arabian Nights, a farcical comedy in throe acts, founded on the German of G. Von Mosor, by Sydney Grundy, to take place in the new Town Hall, Prahran, on Wednesday next. The cast will be as follows i—Mr. Arthur Hummingtop, Mi". C. J. Dunn ; Ralph Ormerod, Mr. J. Clark; Joshua Gillibrand, Mr. Horace Levy; Dobson, iVli\ Jasper Husband; Mrs. Hummingtop, Miss Lillian Blair; Mrs. Gilli brand, Miss Florence Blair ; Rose Colombier, Miss Rose Howard ; Daisy Maskland, Miss Bruce ;. Bar bara, Miss Ker. The entertainment is given to raise funds for the Streets and Lands Mission and the Home for Neglected Children at Brighton, and each visitor will be requested to make a contribution on entering the hall. Mr. John Alfred Wilson, of the Bijou Theatre, has initiated proceedings against the Cogill Brothers, lessees of the Oxford Theatre, which is the music hall below the Bijou for an injunction to restrain them from alleged " nuisance by noise," and also claims J3500 for alleged.damages caused by the "nuisance by noise " of the defendants, their servants or agents. The beautiful bouquet oarried by Miss Sniders at her wedding, on Wednesday afternoon, and the posies of her bridesmaids were designed and oarried out by Ronalds, the florists, of Swnnston-stroet. 