OLIVER WENDELL HOLMES. By the death of Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes the world has lost a good man and a many-sided genius. Dr. Holmes was a brilliant essayist, novelist, wit, humorist,vuanofsoience, conversationalist, and writer of cerssd'occasion. His name is one to conjure with in America, the land of his birth. It is equally well known and honoured in England. Here under the Southern Cross we take delight in olaiming a racial kinship with the genial "Autocrat." For many foreign students of English literature his writings have an irresistible charm. And this, indeed, is fame. Dr. Holmes's reputation, unlike that of some writers, does not rest upon an elusive basis. Surely no littdrateur was ever better equipped for becoming a popular favourite ! With a profuse hand Nature showered upon him her richest and choicest gitts. Fortune likewise made him her pet, giving him every opportunity for cultivating his splendid faculties. Did ever man live with a sunnier temperament i Was there ever being with an acuter or better balanced mind ? Has life, with its infinite wealth and rich variety, ever before presented to the world so happy a blending of the finest graces and of the most robust qualities ? Was there ever any one who looked out upon the whole fiold of existence with more observant eyes and a spirit more sympathetic? Did ever son of man revel more in the enjoyment of everything beautiful and healthy, or possess a heart that revolted more at meanness, hypocrisy, cant, and cruelty ? There have been men into whose souls the fire of genius entered more conspicuously than it did into the soul of Dr. Holmes, but they have been rare. The intellectual glow of some has shot up higher. Intensity gathering strength from nairowness has taken a more aerial flight, but few men have been endowed with such prodigality by Nature, and no one ever cultivated his powers with greater assiduity and in a more catholic spirit. Ho was keenly alive to the varying needs and aspirations of his com plex nature. He had an aptitude for pure literature rarely if ever surpassed. His technical training was exceptionally tho-ough. He had, short, the finest gifts developed by the highest culture, and hiB range of attain ment was - remarkable. He admired " the noble art of self-defence," yet wrote hymns; he delighted in horses and racing, yet wob susceptible to 'every aesthetic influence ; and these references are only illustrative. Saoh a man, so full ofc human sympathy, could not go untouohed by the emo tions and ambitions of the seething, struggling, laughing, sorrowing mass of humanity around him. A man whose power of expression was as great as his observation was keen, whose poetic imagination was as genuine as his kindli ness was real, whose sense of the ludicrous was as strong as his insight was rare—he could not but appeal to a multitude of readers. Who among modern writers has provided such a dainty and diversified bill of fare as Dr. Holmes haB given us ? Bright thoughts, quaint satire, gleams of deep feeling, sparks of brilliant fancy, ingenious images, novel suggestions, charming sidelights, rippling humour, flashing wit—all are found in his works. Jest is wisely blended with earnest remonstrance and counsel. As one of his critics well remarks, he smiles with the playful wistfulness which resembles the mood of the great English masters. There is no shock of surprise, no raciness of exaggeration, no irony of under • statement. He is always true to himself. Dr. Holmes was tbe last of the famous band of native thinkers and writers who created American literature. Washing ton Irving, Bryant, Longfellow, Emer son, Edgar Allan Poe, Hawthorne, Lowell, Whitman, Curtis, Whittier, and Oliver Wendell Holmes — all have now passed away, and tho two most lovable and tenderly attached of all the bright galaxy of genius were the last to go. The lifelong friendship which subsisted between John Greenloaf Whittier and Oliver Wendell Holmes was as unre strained and as touching as the afieotion of little children. Wnittier's last poem was written bb a birthday tribute to Holmes after the two friends had well passod their eightieth year. These lines are full of sweetneBsand pathos— Fur off, and taint a« echoes of a dream, The songs of boyhood seem; Yet on our autumn houghs, unflown with spring, The evening; thrushes sing. The hour draws near, howe'er delayed and late, When at the Eternal Gate We leave the worlds and works we call our own, And lift void hand alone For love to fill. Our nakedness of soul Brings to that gate no toll; Giftless we come to Him who all things gives, And live because He lives. And what could be more eloquently expressive of "the genial Autocrat's" vivaoity and joy and hopefulness in life than this answering stanza ?— Not bedtime yet! We long to know What wondere time has yet to show, What unborn years shall bring. What ship the Arctic pole ehall reach, Whatleesons Science waits to teach, What sermons there are left to preach, What poemB yet to sing. But now the "bedtime" has come—as the precursor of infinite peace. The news that Oliver Wendell Holmes hat gone over to the great majority will create widespread regret wherever the English lan guage is spoken and in literary circles tbe world over. It will even exoite general sur prise, for although be had passed hie eighty-fifth year his constitution was eo tough that there appeared to be many years of life in him. It is only the other day that he said of himself— "The burden of years sitB lightly upon me as compared with the weight it seems to many less advanced in'age than myBelf. But after three score years and twenty, the enoroach ments of time mako themselves felt with rapidly increasing progress. When one can no longer hear the lark, when one can no longer reoognise faces one passes in the street, when one has to watch one's steps, when it beoomes more and more diflioult to recall names, one iB reminded by every movement that one must spare oneeelf, or Nature will not spare one — penalties she exaots tor overtaxing one's declining powers. The twelfth septennial period always seemed to me as one of the natural boundaries of life. One who has lived a oomplete eighty-fifth year has had his full share—even on an old man's allowanoe. Whatever is granted after that is prodigal indulgence on tbe part of Nature. I am often asked whether I am writ ing my autobiography. I am in the habit of diotating many of my recolleotions and some of my thoughts and opinions to my Secretary, who has in this way accumulated a consider able mast of notes. Many of these will be in teresting to my family and intimates—some of them, perhaps, to a wider publio, if I should see fit to mak6 ubc of them, or leave them to be made use of by others." It seemed improbable when be wrote this that Nature would so soon exaot its final dues, but the bright intelligence which remained eo unolouded to the last has snd denly suffered eolipse, and the last of the noble band of American poetB, essayists, novelists, and humorists whose writings have enriohed the century has gone to join his illustrious compatriots in the land of shadowe. Oliver Wendell Holmes was born in Cam bridge, Massachusetts, in 1809. At that time Cambridge was still a country village, with large open woodland spaces. It was here, ac cording to Dr. Holmes himself, that be passed the best years of his life. A kind of harbour seems to be Facing tbe Sow of a boundless sea. Bows of gray old tutors stand Bsnged like rocks above the sand. Boiling beneath tbem so't and green Breaks tbe tide of bright sixteen— One wave, two, three waves, four Gliding up the sparkling floor. Then it ebb' to flow no more. Pleasant place for bnys to play! - / Better keep your girls away. From an interesting aooount of the "Auto crat," whiob appeared in Longman't Magazine some years ago, we learn that kiB father was a olergyman of Clalvinislio but liberal views, a scholar and' an antiquarian. Through his mother his anoestors were Dutoh. He wrote to Wendell Phillips, the abolitionist— Both Grotius and Erasmus were countrymen of we. And Vondal was our namesake, thongb be epelt it with a " V." He claimed kinship with Mrs. Annie Brad street, the first Amerioan poetess, the daughter of one and the wife of another of the early Governors of Massachusetts; and also Dorothy Q., whose picture inspired one of hia best known poemt. He has compared the body in whidh we traverse the lsthmns of life, not to a private carriage, ..but to a publio omnibus filled inside and outside with our anoestors. " Among the inside pas sengers of Dr. Holmes's omnibus some genial oayalier must have been wedged in between the grim Puritans and **epright)y Gaul must have sat on the lap of the phlegmatio Dntohman." The house on Cambridge Common "was fall of old-*orld sugges tions. It had wainsootfl and a orypt, a garret in whioh a ghost might stand ©root, In this hones -General Ward fixed his head quarters after Lexington; here he entertained General Washington ; here Benedict Arnold, received his first commission. Its floors were dented with the butts of the firalooks of the continental militia; on the walla hung a picture -pierced by the rapiers of British offioers, and a mirror at which they had adjusted their red ooats. In the parlour atood the armchair in which LordPeroy sat to have hie hair dressed. On one tide of the. house ran an old- fashioned garden, where lilacs grew eidebyeide with nectarines, and plebeian vegetables jostled patrician flowers. In one corner of the .garden stood the pear tree whioh taught him the vanity of human wiaheB, and under it grew tall sunflowers. round whioh flitted the yellow birds like 'flakes of curdled sunshine." Even the books he reed were English. They painted the life of England. They told of " HodgWBeeking his mug of beer at the alehouse, whereBB he had just seen Jos steer for the grocery store toeethie glass of rum." Again quoting from the article referred to, Wefind that in 1819 Holmes had outgrown the Willow wand.of Dame Prentiss. For the next five years he went to the Cambridge Port Sohool, where among his fellow-pupils was Margaret Fuller, afterwards Madame d'Ossoli, the idol and the oenbre of transcen dental mystios, poetess, oritio, and contributor to the ''Dial, who celled Longfellow "a dandy Pindar." During one year, the first of his absence from home, he prepared for College at Andover in the midst of the quiet soenery Of the Merrimao Valley, whioh Whitbier has made familiar to English and Australian readers. In 1825 he entered Harvard. Among the Professors of his day-was Tioknor, with "honeyed voioe and grace," who preceded Longfellow in the ohair of literature. After the usual course he left the University— Armed with his dainty, ribbon-tied degree; Pleased, and yet pensive. Exits and A. B. During his undergraduate daye he contri buted much oomio and satirio veree to the GdUtgian. In 1830 he made faimBelf famous by his stirring lyrio on the Constitution. This was the American frigate which had won no little renown by tbe capture of the British Guerritra. At this time she was lying in the Oharlestown Navy Yard, near Boston. It was proposed to break her ujp—a proposition which exoited much -indignation in Boston. The young poet gave expression to this feeling Ay, bear her tattered ensign down I Long has it waved on high 1 And many an eye has danced to see Tlxat banner In the sky. The ehip No more shall feel the victor's tread Or knew tbe conquered knee, Tlie harries of tbe shore shall pluck The -eagle of the sea. The Oonstitution was saved. Up to this point tbe training and atmo sphere of Holmes's life was entirely Conserva tive. The advance of years, however, drew him towards Liberalism. He did not associate himself with the Young Amerioan Party of Progress, but in hie enthusiaetio patriotism he was American to tbe core. It took Garrison years to oonvinoe him of the social olaims of the negro, but his intense humanity is all-pervading in his writings. _ He was never a leveller. He was too discriminating to know thab all are not alike. " E go in," he says in the "Autocrat of the Breakfast Table," " for the man with the family portraits against the one with the 25 oent. deguerretype unleBB I find out that the last is the better of the two. I go in for the man who inherits family traditions and cumulative humanities of at least four or five generations.'' He was always full of animal spirits and vivacity. He had a slight natural inclination for the ministry, but he turned his attention towards law. A year's study of that, however, oaused him to adopt the medioal profession. In 1833 he left America for Europe. He went tbe round of the Hotel des Invalides with Larrey, Napo leon's favourite surgeon, but the man from whom he learned his medioal scienoe was Louis. Ttxtc all his professional studies he carried the same kindly tender heart that was visible in his other labours, He ever rejoiced that he assisted at no soientifio oruelties. After three years epent in Europe he returned to America. Henoeforward to the day of his death Boston was bis home though he generally spent a good portion of the summer months in a lees buBtling part of the State. From 1839 -to 1840 he was Professor of Anatomy and Phvaios at Dartmouth College. In 1847 he became ! Professor of the same subjects at Harvard. He.held.tbe ohair continuously from that date till 1882, when he resigned and was eleoted Emeritus Professor. Meantime and sinoe he busied himself with the production of his charming works. At the same time he found ample time to cultivate cultured -social life to which he was so conspicuous en ornament. Hia.kome on Beaoon-atreet was indeed one of theahrinea ot Boston. His study, containing* very fine library, was a large apartment, well lighted, and overlooking the widest part of the Charles River basin. The sight from the windows of this room is -truly superb. The horizon ia bounded by the shores, the roofe, and the spires of Cambridge, whioh were to Dr. Holmes a perpetual reminder of his yonth. flne of his poems, " My Aviary," had its inspiration in this view of the Charles fiivor. Doubtless the '' Breakfast Table" series are the books by whioh Oliver Wendell Holmes is best known. These comprise " The Auto oratof the Breakfast Table," "The Professor at the BreakfastTable, "and "The Poet at the Breakfast Table," to whioh may be added the laet of bis more pretentious works, " Over tbe Teaoups." Upon the whole these-are themoat characteristic of his literary productions. They placed their author in the front rank of American prose writers. They did more than that. They gave lum a uniquaand envi- I able position among tbe best writers of ; English. A perusal of them gives the reader j a good all-round estimate of his varied gifts. They contain, for instance, aorae of hie pootio gems, though not by any means all. " Under the violets," in the "Profeeeor," ia a fine example of hie best lyrioal work. It is too 1 long for iusertron here, and it would not be dome justice to it to give extraots. But aB an ' illustration of another stamp what could be better tlian the following from .the prologue to the '''Autocrat":— Rudolph, professor of the headsman's trade. Alike was famous for his arm and blade. One day aprisoner justice woe toAtli Knelt at the block to test the headsman's skill. Bare-armed, smart-vissged, gannt, and sliaeev browed, Budolpl), tbe headsman, rose above the crowd. Bis falchion lightened with a sadden gleam. As the pike's armour flashes in the stream. He sheathed hlshlade; he turned as it Logo— The victim'knelt, still waiting for the blow! ^WhystrlkestnotT Performthv murderousact?" Theprisonsr said Oils voice woe slightly cracked), "d. I have •truck," the artist straight replied; "Walt but one moment and yonrgelf decide." He held his snuffbox—" Now then, if you please"— The prisoner sniffed, and with a crashing sneeze. ■ Off bis head tumbled—bowledoiong the floor— Bonnced doira tbs step—therprisoneraalil'uotnore. Woman I tby falchion is a glittering eye; If death'lnrksm it, oh. how eweet to die I Tbontakest hearts as Budolpb tookthe head; We die of lore, and never dream we're dead. There mutt be-something the matter with4he perceptions of the man who cannot recognise the humour and the extreme purity and great, though -unaffeoted, felicity of 'these lines. Yet Dr. Holmes oould at times indulge in the most outrageous -doggerel. His strain of song may never rise into the empyrean, yet we wonld not willingly have missed the notes. There is quite an em barrassing ohoiee of -tiobes when we -Dome to oonsider the author as a writer of vers d'ocoa sum and epigrams. But one selection must suffice. Quoth Tom, "Though lair hertsaturesbe, u is her figure pleases me." " What may her figure bef" I cried. "One hundred thousand," he replied. The best known of Holmes's novels are "Elsie Venner," " The Guardian Angel,"and "A Moral Antipathy." They were written to illustrate the limits set -to human responsi bility by inherited tendencies. They are brimful of human interest, portraying with consummate 8killthemostidiosyncratioaspeo ts of Amerioan life. Their oharaoter, in truth, has led some oritioa to regret that instead of spending hie energies in so many different direotions Dr. Holmes did not devote his literary genius exclusively to novel writing. Had he done eo, one of these gentlemen re marks, he would bave been the American novelist of the oentury. Perhaps so. Still we imagine that most people are glad that he did not. There is after all very little that Holmes has written that we could have spared. The oritio may be right when he says that Hawthorne was a mere artist and psychologist, with a dreaming soul, and when he declares that Howells lacks vigour and breadth. Hawthorne's nature may have re belled against having to take aooount of some of the more material and sordid phases of life, as Howells undoubtedly shows his want of breadth in, for instance, regarding Jane Austin as the first and Anthony Trollope the second of English novelists. The judgment thus exhibited by Howells is as contemptible as George Augusta Bala's description of Holmes as "essentially a funny man." Nor oan it be denied that Holmes gave proof of a really wonderful capacity for depioting oharaoter. But we would rather muse more over the evidences of the skill in that way he has given us than have marvelled atadditional and greater testimony and have been robbed of what he only oould oreate in another depart ment of literature. Holmes's love for and sympathy with all that was ohildlike was one of the most marked traits of his splendid nature. How exquisi tively patbetio, how profoundly affeoting and pre-emiuently genuine, is his description of the dying of a little girl from a oruel aocident on a hospital cot in Paris. Again, how charm ingly simple, yet beautiful and touohing, oonoealiog a world of art, is his ballad "God be glorified 1" Come hither God-be-GIorified, And sit upon my knee. Behold the dream unfolding Whereof I spake to tbee By the winter s hearth in hoyden, And on the stormy sea; True ie dream's beginning— So may its ending be 1 The complaint has been made against Dr. Holmes that in dealing with pertain objeotion able phaBes of religious life in New England he was too tolerant. But surely it is not neoessary for an author to go into literary hysterics over everything that he does not approve of 1 Nor should it be forgotten that, possessing a deejly religious spirit himself. Holmes was able to see gleams of light where aome others oould realize only the darkness that could be felt. Yet he spoke out in his own way truly, still effectively. He had no meroy upon the " Moral Bully," who Though weakness plants bis backward-sloping hat, And non-resistance ties his white cravat. Feels the same comfort while his acrid words Turns the sweet milk of kindness into curds, Ab the scarred ruffian on the pirate's deck when the long swivel rakes the staggering wreck. Up to the last he believed more than some | and less than others believed, and liked thoBe who believed more than he did rather than those who believed less. He bad no faith in "planting oaks in flower-pots," but claimed tbe right " to strip from the ekirts of religion the many articles of belief whioh are bequests of the ages of ignorance wbioh God winked at." Soienoe did not weaken that strong faith in God whioh finds voice in the "Hymn of Trust." In "Tarturus," whioh is given in "Over theTea oups," he says— O mortal, wavering in tby trust, Xiitthy pale forehead from the dust. The mists that cloud tby darkened eyes Fade ere they reach the c'erarching skies; When the blind heralds o( despair Would old thee doubt a Father's care; Xook up from earth and read above On Heaven's blue tablet, God is love. But in spite of bis spirituality Dr. Holmes ! oould not beaooused of "other world]iness." He loved homes. He saw Ormonde in 1886 win the Derby. He preferred a racer to a trotter. He was fond of pedestrian ism ; and he was an oarsman and a boxer, familiar in bis youth with the pete of the fanoy and the heroes of the prize ring. At the same time ho had a horror of masouline women. Politioally indeed he was not always just to the fair sex. Medioal soienoe has rarely bad so keen a student as he was or a devotee who discoursed on medioal affairs so suggestively, so acutely, and altogether so_ delightfully. His philosophy was not espeoially profound, but it waB always humane. Many of the views he propounded have been oondensed into formulas more definite than his; nevertheless they are valuable. Always graoeful, ever able, never dull, always just, ever acute, never petty, saying everything be had to say with wonder ful power and vividiness. Dr. Holmes accom plished wibh ease what even many able men have long vainly struggled for. That some I have been unable to find traces of genius in his works may be regarded as proof of his ex traordinary sanity. He was too thoroughly j reasonable for them to detect his merit. 