? Comiatgy Intollflgence DELORAINE. . ... .'., (b.T OUB BPECIA.I. BEPOKTEB.) : On -the arrival of the early afternoon train yesterday, the Warden (Mr J. M. G-riffip) and a number of leading Roman Catholic residents were present on the platform to welcome the JRey,. M. J. Beechinor, who was coining to take over ' the permanent charge of the parish, the spiritual cares of which have been attended to by Father Murphy since the departure of the much reBpbcted Rev. Edward F. Walsh. It was found, however, that Father Beechinor was driving through iruui . xviuuiuuuu, ana wouia tneroiore come in during the afternoon. The little party then dispersed, and the Warden, ; bofog a little indisposed, decided to return home. Father Beech inor came by road to Westbury, and finding that the rain which commenced before his arrival there was continuing without any chance of subsiding, he came on by the five o'clopk train and walked to the Pres bytery.i At eight o'clock, notwithstanding the heavy rain which fell continuously from early in the afternoon, about 40 persons, young and old,. were present in ?„ thb new convent building, where an ex cellent tea had been prepared by members of the choir and other lady friends in honour of the arrival of the reverend father. Shortly after that hour the large party were seated around the festive board, Mr Terence M'Mahon, the oldest ~ churchwarden, in the absence of the Warden of the municipality, presiding with Father Beechinor on his right and . Father Murphyon hie left, while Mr John Flynn occupied the vioe-chair. Justice having been done to the splendid dejeuner so nicely arranged, the chairman rose and . gave the health of ' Our guest ' in a short but happy speech, in which he extended on behalf of the parishioners a very cordial welcome to the new parish priest. The toast was enthusiastically drunk. Father Beechinor, who was received with loud , and prolonged applause, thanked the chairman for his welcome words spoken on behalf of the congregation of their . pretty little church and parish. He believed he used the words of the noble hearted priest who so long watched over their spiritual welfare when he said that he believed he had come amongst 'a truly great, a generous, and a loving people' when he came to the parish, and these words-were brought home to him more closely by tha very happy reception they had extended to him that night under Bush adverse climatical circumstances. Father Walsh had been an old school fellow of his and they had been ordained together, so that to a great extent their lot had been thrown much in company. He was in every way a good priest, and one who loved hia people well. Father Beechinor, in stating the causes which led to the delay in his coming to take charge of the parish, paid an eloquent tribute to hia late congregation in the Richmond pariah, and aldo said that he desired to eaye the election battle to be fought out while Father Murphy was present, because that priest had made his name knownand respected throughout the ' length and breadth of the country by the stand he had taken on the land question. (Loud applauso.) . - It would be well if Father Murphy could go ipto every parish in the archdiocese as a locum tenens if he did equal work. (Oon tinued applause.) The rev. gentleman then again thanked the congregation for their reception, and resumed his seat amidst applause. Mr John Flynn next gave the toaBt of 'Father Murphy,' ppeaking highly of that gentleman's work in the mission, and wishing him every success in the future. Father Murphy on rising to respond to the toast,, which was drunk with musical honours, was received with much applause. Having paid a high tribute to the parishioners and the new priest he referred briefly to the events of the last few weeks, admitting that the strain of his duties as a priest during the time he was engaged defending himself at the political gatherings had been heavy. But he felt ib his duty to be present, so as to prevent misrepresentation. He was informed thai, he would have another occasion of addressing the parishioners before leaving the district, ao that he would reserve for that occasion any lengthy remarks on the poaition he had taken up He was prepared to defend that action, and he believed the people of the district thoroughly endorsed it. (Loud applause). He believed that Father Beechinor would feel at home in the parish because he wou?d find the people what their late pastor had designated them — good and generous. For hia own part he would oherish with fond recollec tion his temporary stay in their midst. (Applause.) In proposing the toast of 'The Ladies' Mr R. W. M'Gowan intimated that he had received by the previous day'a mail the first official intimation of the receipt by Father Walsh of the draft forwarded to him. The letter was addressed from St. Patrick's Cathedral, Auckland (N Z ), and stated — 'All back letters have reached me from Sydnty, among them being the one containing the big draft from my old and dear friends in Deloraine. It was a great effort in these times of depression, and I should hope that no one was dis tressed by the donation. I am deeply thankful for this assistance, and more especially as a tribute of their esteem and kindly feeling towards me. I shall not for get you all in my poor prayers. Everything continues to go on very pleasantly with me, my health is good, the work is plentiful, and lam in great strength to do it. T am very pleased to hear that my old place will b^ no longer leffc in widow hood, and that Father M. Beechinor is, or will be in a short time, my successor.' The reading of tbe letter was received with hearty applause. Mr W. M. Oonroy res ponded to the toast of ' The ladies.' The vice - chairman proposed the toast of ' The visitors,' which wan also drunk with musical honour?. Mr Jonathan Grahame in responding re ferred to the jovial references made dur ing the early speeches to ghosts, and declared that Father Murphy had donerauch to drive off ., the ghost of land monopoly, ^ in the district. (Applause.) Father Beechinor .gara the toast of ' The ohairman 'V and Father Murphy that of ' The vicechair man,' each toast being drunk with musical honours and suitably responded to. Harmony was then indulged in, and during the evening several amusing anec dotes were related by many present, and a moat enjoyable four hours were spent, after which the gathering dispersed, many having long journeys to undertake in the heavy rain, which continued throughout the night. The pretty little cottage in which this social gathering took place was finished in November last, and is a well constructed building. There are four lofty rooms, which are well ventilated and finished off. The front rooms have large bay windows, from which excellent views of the sur rounding picturesque country cau be obtained. The old church can be used ob a schoolroom, and it will give good accommodation for the children. The design for the convent building was drawn up free of cost by Mr Jonathan Grahame, who takes a pride in the work, and it reflects much credit on him. With a few additions the building should prove a very convenient, one for the sisters, who will shortly be selected.- The new parish prieat is to settle down in the presbytery, which was so long the residence of Father Walsh. The work of the Council of Agriculture is being watched here with keen interest, and agriculturists hope much practical good may ne done by it. The local branch has done fairly good work, and a room in M'Gowan's Railway Hotel has now been placed at its disposal for ita monthly meetings. L^st month the meeting lapsed owing to imufficient atten dance, but there were causes which show that such was' only an exception: There are many matters worth the consideration of these western 'localities, and the strong advocacy therefore of the Council by the Examiner and ttasmanidn is popular in the district. Ifc is to be regretted, however, that this part of the colony is not repre sented on tHe Council, and it might be of advantage to the body to' continue the movement which they so happily began *vt Devonport in holding conferences at diffe rent centres where old experienced farmers could meet the members in a friendly dis cussion on matters of importance to the industry. There are many farm3 in this district worth an inspection by one or two of the councillors, so that they could give infor mation to other members of the Council ah the periodical meetings. I am not a great advocate for giving gentlemen frpe passage all over the colony, but it would be bene ficial if one or two members of the Council were deputed to visit variou3 districts duriag the year, so that an annual report setting forth the condition of the settle ments could be provided for Parliament. In the old countries prizes are offered by various bodies for the best farms in the district, and from personal knowledge I know how that system tended to great and solid improvement in farming. Although it may not be possible at present to offer such inducement to Tasmanian settlers, visits from members of. the Council would have to a certain extent a similar result. It should, of course, be expected that the farms .held by members of the Council Bbould be models of cleanliness, and in fact it should be made a condition of the appointment that they should improve their farms to as' great an extent aa means would allow; Mr G-. E. Piesse's motion relative to the land and tenant question, to which pointed reference was made in the leading columns of the Examiner this morning, promises to draw out many important dis cussions throughout the colony before the local boards of agriculture eend in their opinions to the Council. Ib has given evident satisfaction to leading land re formers in this district, v?ho had such a field-day during the election. It will pr jbably cause more light to be thrown on matters in this district when the subject comes up for consideration at the local board. '??....'? ' Babbits alive ho!' are' making their way westward across the shallow waters of the Upper Mersey, and old inhabitants of this district foretell an unpleasant time for the western settlers in fighting this diffi culty. The Deloraine district itself ap pears to be now comparatively free, and not much difficulty is felt in many places in keeping them down. The number this year is considerably less than that of the last, and the settlers are working well together to subdue the nuisance. The westward course of bunny, of course, revives the old theory of the wire hettiner of cerbain portions of these districts, which was once so strongly urged by Chief In spector Tabarfc, and the subject may again receive full consideration. Ic is considered, in this district at any i ate, that some measures will have to be tak-m at an early ?date to cope with the difficulty in the west. I find that at the lapt moment on Wed nesday night the committee of the local debating society; decided not to proceed with what promised to be an interesting discussion on the question. 'Whether tobacco smoking is injurious.' The cause of this was that the attendance waa not as large as was expected, owing to insufficient notice, but the committee met and con sidered matter 8 in connection with future gatherings. The failure of two proposed meetings is taken by some people to be indicative of an approaching end, but had the number w ho were present on Wednes day night attended at the opening hour of a similar association situated not; one hundred milea from Launceston business would has been commenced. The com mittee has, I understand, determined bow to give more publicity to the subjects of the debates, and the society will no doubb progress. Such societies always do good to commun; ties, and 4t v^buld be a matter for much regret if the Deloraine society was allowed} to go down, especially ra face of the succeeu of last yeai'a session against much now ac knowledged opposition. The Deloraine Improvement Association can stand on its own merits, and although in debt there is sufficient public spirit amongst the lesser (if such a word is acces sary) supporters to get ifc out; of any difficulties in which it is alleged to be and proceed with tho excellent work ifc has in hand. Through thio township should be plauned many excursions in connection with Cook'rf Tourists' Agency, as the district affordo ample opportunities for them, and in consequence of this no effiorb should be spared to make the township look at it3 best. In the adoption of the principle of the Wednesday half-holiday the business firms on the township are united with the south, and the boon is very popular with the country people, who have fallen in witb the id( a. As a consequence of this these engaged in tbe business houses have every chance of enjoying themselves, and all kinds of healthy amusements are indulged in. The township wears a general holiday appearance even early in the day, bat business does not suffer to any great extent owing to the long hours on Saturday. Little is wanting in the train arrange ments to Daloraine. the Railway Depart ment having provided welT for the town ship. There is every convenience at the station, and the officers are obliging in every way. A good refreshment room i»; attached to the station and ia in the hands of Mr John Gooderidefe, of the Bush Inn. \\. I understand that Mr John Sullivan, has . completed the purchase of 'the, stock .'in Bloch'3 estate, and he was to-day ? arranging to takeover charge . fro'm Mr iJnglauder. /?,?.':..?.? June 1. ,.;.',; , - 