M'INTYRE'S SPECTRE. THERE are many persons who envy the Hon. John M'lntyre, the Minister of Lands. A few years back the Hon. John envied himself in the post of a Minister of the Crown. For years he had toiled and hoped for the position—hoped with the heart-sickening, deferred hope of the disappointed politician. All things come to the man who knows how to wait—and work, and the longexpected portfolio came to John M'lntyre. Happiness, rest, peace—these were the accompaniments of a portfolio to the Hon. John when he was out of office. When he got into office he found that Shakespeare was right when he said— " Uneasy lies the head of a Minister of the Crown." The Hon. John buckled to his self-elected task with a will, and determined to administer the Lands in a way surpassing the efforts of all his predecessors. He did well—he did very well. He founded village settlements, and took numbers of the unemployed under his protecting, fostering care. When the unemployed came to him he gave them railway tickets to the various village settlements, and felt happy in the consciousness of having accomplished great and good work. One day—one fatal day—there came to the Hon. John a man who was of hardup appearance but fascinating tongue. He poured his long tale of woe into John's sympathetic ear. His was a sad case, and John's heart bled at the recital of distress. " A great man struggling with adversity is a sight for the gods," exclaimed the Hon. John;" I will see it anything can be done for you at the Leongatha Labour Colony. I will give you an order tor a ticket."^ " Return ?" plaintively enquired the sad case. "lteturn? No," said John; "you will be employed there and stay there. There is no occasion for you to have a return ticket." The sad case sighed the weary sigh of a man who has known better days, took the order and departed. * * * * Days passed, and the Hon. John forgot all about the sad-eyed man whom he had befriended, but one day a visitor to the Minister of Lands was announced. A travel-6tained and footsoretramp entered tbc room, and John saw at a glance that it was the sad-eyed man that he had sent to Leongatha. " 1 had no return- ticket," be said through his tears, "and 1 had to walk back." " But why did you come back r" asked the Minister. . " Because they insulted me," he cried, passionately, as he dashed the tears from his eyes into his matted locks. " The base-born wrotcheb, the feeble tenants of an hour, the grovelling labourcolonists, heaped indignity upon me untiijonlymy lack of strength and regard for the consequences prevented me from felling them to the ground." Honest John's blood boiled, and he resolved to make the minions explain their conduct to this poor cultured waif. " What did they do ?" he asked. "They—they—" and a flush of shame mantled the sad man's face—"they wanted uie to work!" Honest John's blood cooled at once. He bade his sad-eyed friend a tender adieu and had him firmly but forcibly ejected. J'ut each day thereafter John found his sad case waiting for him on the door-mat. He wanted only a ticket for somewhere, return ticket preferred. John was adamant, but he was mortal. This haunting spectre was ever waiting tor him, alivays pleading to be sent into the country. John grew greyer, and the cares of office began to deepen the furrows round his eyes. The thought of that sad-eved man who had seen better days haunted his dreams at night, and the spectacle of the man in the flesh worried him by day. He weakened and fell. He gave his spectre a ticket (not return) for the furthest village settlement in Victoria,and hoped then that be bad definitely got rid of him. But he walked back again. Then the Hon. John got him a free ticket (single) to the extreme limits of the colony, where men were wanted for something or other— But he walked back. The Hon. John will have nothing more to say to him, but the sad-eyed man is always waiting for the Minister of Lands when he comes in of a morning. The sad-eyed man does not 6peak, but he gives the Hon. John a look more in sorrow than in anger. There is a reproach in that glance that harrows up the soul of Mr. M'lntyre. He feels that this man is a ghost at his Ministerial feast and casts a bitter into his sweets of office. For bis own peace of mind he would bo willing to pay the man's fare to Sydney, but he feels that the spectre would •walk back. He is considering the advisability of paying his passage to New Zealand—a place from which there is no overland route; but ag yet the Hon. John cannot make up his mind to the outlay. Meanwhile the spectre is waiting every day in tearful silence, gazing at John as he goes into tbe " Lands," and making him feel that a Haunted Minister's life is not all beer and skittles. WAS it a practical joke or a misunderstanding ? Did the tough and sly one send the unemployed deputation to Fitz Gibbon in the spirit of fun in which a nurse puts a baby into the arms of a bachelor, and tells him to nurse the thing? Poor Fitz! He should take a cruel revenge. Let him send Councillor MacMahon to interview the Premier. Horror! SOME of the banks have actually been refusing deposits, because they cannot find profitable investment for money. Hoity- toity! Itefusing deposits, indeed! A few months ago they were pining for them. And if the banks can't lend out money why don't they do what Treasurer Carter says they most certainly ought to do—reduce the rates of interest ? The fact is that rates are now so high up that money is fearfully loan-ly. Let it come down and be sociable. 