BY MAY KENDALL, Author of " Sch. is Life," " Dreams.to Sell," "? rom a Garrett," etc. (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden, Ltd.) [N?ow FIST PUBLISIED. OHAPTER IX.-( Contliued.) 'It might have done,' he re turned, looking so terribly like the Roman soldier that Elsie's heart failed her. 'At all events it has caused much trouble and anxiety to others.' 'I am sorry,' said Elsie wearily. Shb was too weak to defend herself just then, and it was all she could do to keep her lips from quivering. ' I have always troubled people.' 'That you never have !' said Tre vanion, briefly and emphatically. It * was a flat contradiction of his former words, and not in the least what he had meant to say; but then he had behaved like a brute, and Elsie had only said she was sorry. It was too much for mortal man. His brain whirled. There is no knowing what he would have said next, if Jim had not come back with the wine. Elsie drank it with a submission she could afford to be submissive now -that made Trevanion think himself a greater brute than ever. She did not think so; on the contrary, she was wistfully amazed at the faith in -her that his last speech implied, and ready to say good-bye at once, lest she should do anything more to uproot it. 'I can't stay to the next part,' said Trevanion presently. ' Perhaps you had better not either. Let me get a cab.' ' Very well, Elsie,' said Jim stonily. ' Have you had enough?' He thought it quite possible that she might persist in returning to the concent hall; but to his relief she sur rendered meekly. 'Yes,' she said; and this time Jim gave her his arm again, while Tre vanion hailed a cab. In another mnoment they were both inside it. 'Are you never coming to see us again, Trevanion ?' asked Jim, as his friend shut the door. 'Oh, some time,' was the reply, given so lightly that any one might be excused for thinking that Trevanion did not wish to come. Unfortunately. no space of time is too brief to be in consistent in. 'Take care of yourself,L said Tre vanion, as the cab started, in a low hurried voice. Jim did not hear the words; but Elsie did. However, the speaker hardly glanced at her; and his eyes rested on the cabman. So perhaps he meant him. CHAPTER X. TREVAxION REFLECTS. After that concert I made up my mind not to see Elsie. again.. Not that there was anything wrong about the concert, only for one second I had a dizzy feeling that we understood each other-and it is best to err on the safe side. So I erred on it for six weeks; and dull enough those weeks were. I could hardly have thought the two short months before them would have made such a difference. It was a comfort not to be able to stop working; but it was desperately dull. However, last night I saw her and spoke to her. It was altogether unintentional. 'When a thing happens in that way, without will or effort to bring it about, one is apt to believe that the gods have sent it, and to make the most of it. But we did not make the most of this. Perhaps, when it is all over, and she is dead, and I am old, I shall wish we had made more; I shall wish we had not put the candle so promptly under an extinguisher, that was to light us through eternity. It was not altogether extinguished, however-there was a gleam left. We were both on the same business-that is, on errands of humanity. I had been to see a man I knew who was ill and had sent for me. He did not live far away from the Everards; but that was not my fault. I took a short cut back. across Peter's Lane-of all salubrious neighbourhoods to meet her in-after dark too. However, there she was, having lost her way appar ently; for the next thing she did was to ask it of a man loaf ing outside that corner public house, which was one of the worst in London. Meanwhile, I stood ready to knock him down if necessary. It wasn't necessary. As I had expected, he answered her with perfect courtesy, .summoning all the wits he had left for the purpose. She turned back for it seems she had come out of her way-and in turning she saw me. 'There was no help for it. 'You will allow me to see you 2home ?' I said. She shook her head. She did not seem at all surprised to see me; I half thought she looked pleased. SI have an errand to do,' she said. 'I can't even shake hands, with all these parcels.' ' Well then, let me carry some of them,' I said laughingly, and I began to take them from her as I spoke. 'What are they? I can tell this is broad, and this is sugar.' 'You are quite right,' said Elsie soberly. 'The others are tea and rice; but you have hardly left me anything. to carry. They are for a starving family Jim has just dis covered. He left a message in the afternoon for me to go round; but I was home late and did not get it. That is why I am here now.' ' They are all starving,' I said, by way of making a remark. Just then I didn't care who starved or who didn't. It was quite enough-.for me to be walking with her through Peter's Lane; it seemed the most natural thing in the world, far more natural than anything had done for weeks back. ' Does Everard let you go out at all times- likes this ?' I inquired. 'HRe likes me to go in the light best,' said Elsie serenely. ' I gene rally do.' ' You frcqueutly lose your way?' ' Very frequently.' ' Do you make a point of asi;ing it of drunken men at street corners ?' 'They generally know,' she said, with mild deprecation. 'But I do not make a point of it-oh no ! To-night, for instance, I never saw the man was drunk till I had spoken to him.' ' Were you afraid ?' ' Of course,' said Elsie gaily, look ing up as if she had had enough cross questioning, and no wonder-I don't know what impelled me to go on, ex cept that I was so light-hearted. ' Did I not sound afraid ?' ' No indeed,' I said. 'I don't sup pose you were ever afraid of any thing.' 'Oh, indeed I have been,' said Elsie. 'Not of drunken men-but a great many other things. There was a blocked up window in our old house, and I was terribly afraid of it when I was a child. All the other windows were friendly, but this one looked like a cruel person with a stony face.' I laughed; I knew the feeling so well. 'I understand that,' I said. ' Tell me something else.? ' Oh, I forget,' said Elsie. ' Some times I am afraid of nearly every thing. This is 48, I think--yes.' And she paused. 'Don't let me trouble you any longer,' she said. ' I can find my way back perfectly.' Yet she did not sound, I fancied, as if I had bored her. And it was a wretched, dark lodging-house. It was hardly safe to let her go alone. ' Will you not let me come with you ?' I said. ' I have little to do to night; and you know this is all in my line.' She did not expostulate. Perhaps she knew-she must have known, that I wanted to stay. I pushed open the door, and we went through a dark passage, and began to grope up the stairs. By the time we had reached the first floor I was thankful I was with her, for it was pitch dark. They never light those places; the landlords won't do it for nothing, and the tenants can't afford it. And as usual I had forgotten my matches. ' You ought not to have dreamed of coming here by yourself,' I said re proachfully. 'I could not help it,' she answered. 'I really only got the message after dark. And I know this part so well.' What could I say when her voice was quite wistful and deprecating ? I said nothing. We groped our way up another flight of stairs. ' Any more ?' I asked. 'It is right at the top,' she said, with a suspicion of laughter in her voice, which made me laugh outright. At that she brightened. 'You know that practically,' she said confidently; 'it is as safe as one's own drawing-room.' 'Oh, quite ' I agreed. 'Only a trifle darker, isn't it? Here we are.' For we had reached the end of the third flight at last. And just then I felt thankful not only that we had met, but that we had met by pure accident. There was no door visible, but we groped our way to what might be door or wall, and knocked at random. It was no ne w experience to either of us, but we had never been together before. Then there was a sound of voices within, and someone opened the door-a little fellow with rumpled fair hair, and a candle in his hand. He seemed to take our coming as a matter of course, and we went in, and I laid down the packages; for I had taken the rest from her before we began the ascent. There were three more children in the room-no grown up people. And they were .not positively starving; there was a little fire and some crusts of bread about. The father was look ing for work, and the mother had gone to get a little air, the child told us. We inferred that she drank. These children would be alone for perhaps hours longer-and they were playing. On the table were three old Christ mas cards, and a number of pieces of marbled paper, like the outsides of copy books. The four children-one was only a baby-were shuffling these things up and down, and making fresh arrangements of them, without any plan apparently. They seemed ab sorbed in it, and they did not speak. It was like a company of ghosts, especially when Elsie and I Joined them, and began to play too. I don't know how long we played perhaps ten minutes, perhaps more. We built a house for them, out of all the fragments of marbled paper. They had not thought of doing this, and were really pleased, though they still said little. The three Christmas cards Elsie grouped separately, in the top right hand corner of the table, which was square. She said' they represented Paradise. Then, when we had said good-bye all round, we came away again. It was easier going down than up, for the boy lit us with his candle. So we came out into Peter's Lane. It was only a walk of a few minutes then. I had a fancy it would be better to talk than to be still, and yet I could think of nothing to say nothing, that is, that could be said. The silence held us in spite of our selves. It was like that instant at the concert, only it lasted longer. I didn't offer her my arm, though the street was dark, and slippery with mud. I wish I had now. Neither of us could have done or said much less -and there is nothing to go to a jury, nothing at all. All the same, I begin to think that if I had a chance, it would be better for me to leave London. So I took her home, and we shook hands at the gate. She asked me to come in-less cordially than usual; but I had made up my mind before she spoke. We said good-bye to each other like two automatons; but she knew and I knew, it was for many a day. CHAPTER XI. ON THE EaMBANI??[ENT. " Farewell, thou art too dear for my possess ing, And like enough thou knowest thy esti mate." One or two people began to say that something was amiss with Vi Romilly. Her magnificent good nature was less perfect than it had been. Secure in her youth and beauty, and indispen sability, Vi had never been jealous, or fractious, or jarring. Even her less favoured rivals, for whom she was always ready to do a good turn, had admired and liked her; and she was popular among women, not only among men. But something had altered. It could not be that she was growing (fassee, yet now and then the touch of bitterness, natural in women who know that their past was better, was perceptible in'Vi. Certainly, she and Trevanion had never jarred on each other as they were doing now. It was true that on many points they had nothing in common. Vi was no enthusiast in music, or books, or art, nor had she the intuitions that in some women seem to ditpense with book knowledge altogether. But if there were things one missed in her, one was always car ried away afresh by the charm of her frank goodwill, and by her wonderful beauty. She and Trevanion had been comrades always. But now she was suspicious and exacting, and he was a shade more critical and fastidious. She knew the difference in him before he knew it himself, and the mischief was that she could not help. taunting him with it. Every taunt nmade it more of a fact.. Not that Vi was per sistently bitter against him: no sooner had she vexed him than she desired to make friends again. But Trevanion grew weary of her alternate inuendoes and entreaties for pardon, and shielded himself, more and more, in silence that was not exactly patience, and that stung poor Vi more than hard words. "Worst of all, when he was most kindly and forgiving, she had a dim suspicion that he was bearing with her for the sake of another, which made her desperate. 'You never take me for a walk now,' she said once, with her prettiest air of good-humoured petulance. 'I'll take you to-day, if you will come,' said Trevanion, smiling. '.Where shall we go ?' The Thames Embankment Vi selected; and they went. It was a glorious afternoon, and a fresh wind was blowing from the river, and they walked on together chatting in the old friendly fashion, though it must be admitted that Trevanion's thoughts wandered every now and then.. Per haps Vi guessed this at last, for she grew more silent. It was certainly annoying to have Trevanion walking at her side, yet thinking of someone else; but Vi was sinning against her better judgment when she said sud denly, ' This is like old times, before she came on the scene.' ' Come, Vi, we have had enough of that,' said Trevanion, with irritation gathering in his voice. ' You bring it on yourself,' said Vi, sullenly. ' Why do you go to see her, and never come to see us, pray ?' 'You know as well as I do, Vi,' said Trevanion quietly, ' that I come to see you and your father oftener than I go to see anyone else. Be rea sonable.' But Vi was not disposed to be rea sonable. 'What's the use of having been like a brother to me all my life,' said she, 'and taught me music, and French, and German, if I'd have learned it-and I'm glad I didn't and taken me walks over since I was twelve, and now you turn round and say you'll have no more to do with me ? You'd far better never have been friends at all!' 'Perhaps,' said Trevanion, wearily. He looked tired, too; and Vi's heart smote her. ' Oh, I daresay you'll die soon,' she said grudgingly, ' and then I suppose I shall be sorry, and wish you were back again, if you married ten thou sand people, all too good to have any thing to do with me.' Trevanion laughed in spite of him self. ' I think you know how much like lihood there is of my marrying one person,' he said patiently. 'Ever since you first knew me, I have been straining every nerve to get my father's debts paid. At the present rate I may have done-with them in fifteen years more. Under the cir-. cumstances, I am hardly likely to ask any girl to marry me, even if I wished to do.' ' I'm sure I don't want you to marry me,' snapped Vi,. unac countably. ' No,' said Trevanion, 'I niever said youdid. I know you don't, in fact. Therefore, why can't we be at" peace ? I don't worry you about Kappa, though you are always encouraging him, poor fellow; and I very much doubt whether you mean to have any thing to say to him in the end.' No,' returned Vi, in a changed voice, ' you aren't jealous of Kappa you needn't tell me that.' She paused, then continued more amiably, ' Trevanion, if a man's very rich, and he dies,.may his w'ife get all the money ?' (Tofie oisidited.).1 " 