THE RUSSIAN EAGLE AND THE KANGAROO. (Orsrhwcl by Bogs Kaltptus.1 The Czar of a'l the Russias, and as much ae i he can set besides, opened the patent , Nihilist bomb-proof steel plate safe in whioh he takes hie meals through the keyhole by means of a squirt, and sometimes a telephone, and peeping through the oraok called out , to General Kaskowiski and Admiral Aelanto-fae-oS— " Whist 1 tell me in a whisper; ie the South Australian Encampment of Militia broken up?" "It is, Little Father, quite broken sip, and the pieces have gone horns 'their several way,' as the late Dean Russell need to say in poetry." " Ah 1" said the Autocrat," I breathe again; and tell me, truly, or Siberia is your portion, are those two Moltkes and Sohuvaloffs of the ; nether end of the world—I mean Tomkinaou ski and Kingstoniskaloff—still at the head of military affaire?" "To the best of my belief they are," said General Kaekowiski, keeping an eye on the exit, "and mentally as aotire as ever. Gor- ; don, I believe, is the Minister of War." " Gordon 1" shrieked the dear, pushing the door of the aafe wide open in hia exoitement, j and suddenly closing it again. "Gordon j Rasha?" he whispered through the keyhole. " Great Peter's ghost, Gordon Pasha! then, I am undone. The Russian Eagle's wings are clipped. The startled General and Admiral stood ' tremblingly listening to the aobe of the Czar, : and then Aelanto-be-off ventured to say— "Nay, Little Father, not Gordon Pasha; lie was killed by Gladstone, don't yon remember 1 This ie another Gordon; he's a lawyer." " Oh 1 a lawyer is het" said the Gzar, muoh relieved. "If he is a lawyer, then he is bonnd to prolong a conclusion And pat off the final settlement. They always do; it's a way they've got. I never knew a lawyer yet who didn't want several adjournments, therefore it is not likely that South jAmtrsli* will attaok us yet." "There is another Gordon in command of the troops," blundered General Ksekowieki, < "a man of infinite tact, souoh ambition, and no end of confidenoe." "Ah! and is he any relation to General < Gordon?" asked the Ozar. "No, Little Father, bat there is a relative of Kartoum Gordon at Glenelg, an important seaport town, where they have a fort which was never built, bury their guns in the sand, and allow their mayors bo go off to Russian chips, show them a safe anohorage closer in, and entertain them at balls." " No matter, time will tell," muttered the Ozar dramatically. " We will send a seoret expedition and oapture those Gordons, Tom kinsonskia, and Eingstoniskaloffs, also Petera waldowski and Hampsoneloff, who, I under stand, have written military works of great moment. See to it at onoe if not aooner. While these men are in existence no ohanoe of Russia subjugating the free Australians." The two officers gave the Ozar his customary draught of vodki out of a hermetioaily-sealed feeding-bottle through the keyhole of the safe, and the Czar, dressed as he was in his oast iron pyjamas, sank hade upon his granite oouch, pulled the boiler-plate mosquito oar tains round him, and signalled to them to withdraw by kicking with his steel stockings against the shell-proof walls of the dread nought chamber. 