? ? ports to power,, or that biting and! grinding papacitj has determined the course of history/'but thia I will main-; tain, that no inotionlhas .ever climbed to pre-eminence on cari0U3 :teeth; ;0r, can iretain its: :pre?eminence ;^when its teeth are no more, and that it behoves ia^conquering: people^'ealously to-look to its . teeth;; and to keep them, not less than its weapons, bright and sharp. If- I might alter Goldsmith slightly IwouldJ. declare— ; ' 111 fares the land to hastening.ills of prey,f Whefe gums accumulate aud teeth- decay! It is not an edentulous race that willfinally possess the^world: .: - ; BVItS ACCRU'EfG,5PH01I 'BAD: TEET1I. Decay of the- teethimplies imperfectmastication, delayed digestion, impaired, assimilation, and a whole train of dbrangements which embitter and: some-.; times:: shorten life. It implies: also: imperfect articulation, and;., therefore,; some social disability, and • further than this, I would affirm that it im-' plies sometimes danger - to . mental health, for in a-.: sensitive woman, es^.: pecially, if she:, is otherwise pretty, the:knowledge that she has unsightly: teeth, or an obviously:artificial set, -is just one of these minor, but constantly recurring worries and chagrins that : tend; . in .'conjunction with others,: to •upsei, -of. t.Up, norvoWH Byyteni.- "J-he. p't-«v.-iVt'iait^i^'avcay,'then, preservation- of sound teeth; become:-, hygienic i .and- pTopliylactic measures of the'first moment. The hoy who can masticate shas-av much -better: prospect of success - and: happiness in.; life than he who can merely- munch, andthe: girl who. dares - to.show : her. : teeth will have more joy in her womanhood than she : who has to veil them behind :-an.- imperturbable -upper :lip.; What, i then are-'the hygienic .and: prophylactic; measures : which should be resorted to for. . : . THIS PREVENTION OF'DENTAL CJLHIES' and the-preservation of: sound; teethr? The most important, the most hopeful of all of them, are those which have reference, to the care of the teeth of cliil dren during the period of .schooling. We cannot rbll back .the; -.tide', of evolutionary;change; abolish the potato and other pulpy foods, cool down the fever of competition; or reverse the 'centripetal force tliat is drawing our labouring classes into -towns; but we can do much, very much, to counteract the injurious;, effects ; iipon' . the teeth which are exerted by such movements towards moro artificial modes of existence, and best of all wo can; do this' in early life.' ; The reformation, .of the vicious and criminal classes can only be successfully carried out among the young, and dental delinquency is only to be efficiently dealt with, on the large scale at any rate, amongst those of tender years. 1 - I wouldperhflpsnbtbegoingtoo-farin alleging that, if universal, continuous ando skilful; supervision and manage- ment of.theteeth.duringtheir.development and ei'uption—that is, up till 20 years ,of age—could be secured, there would practically be nothing to dp to the teeth afterwards. Once safely brought through the perils of youth, they might j in, a vast majority of instances., bei left to : themselves afterwards; without any fear of their degenerating even under circumstances of trial and neglect. It is THE CI/KAIt AXD PEESSIXG DUTV OK l'ARLIAMENT or Governraent:to jprovide: ; that in all pubHc-'institutions fpr the maintenance or education of the young—whether under publio control, as in the case of trainiiig ships; .'reformatories, industrial and workhouse schools, or under the management of committees of subscribers, as in the case of orphanages, hospitals, and homes—the teeth of the children; shall be periodically : examined by a qualified dentist, .and everything that is needful done for their preservation. The governin bodies of such'.-iristitutiqhs stand in loco parentis, •• and. are :. bound to do everything that a good and prudent parent would do to guard the children under their charge against suffering and illness, and to equip them thoroughly to earn their living. Of the children in such schools, a 1 iiuhiber: blight to look forward to joining the public services, aud order that they may do that it is essential that they should have sound teeth, for, as we know, ;a .considerable percentage of young men desiring to enter the army and navy is rejected annually solely- on account of dental Were statutory powers obtained making it obligatory upon : all Sehbol Boards and. i Committees of Schools' receiving: grants to have the teeth-of . -every.- child jattending,- these ssliools • examinod - by a qualified dentist twice a year;, to forward to the parent or guardian vfof every :child a copy of thfe' dentist's 1 , reports-indicating: whatever inference.isr necessary, what measures - are required* -forthe • preservation-of-the cliildls teeth, and sto provifle at a cbeap rate to parents :and iguardians dispbsed;,to: avail themselves ,of it,-the f assistance necessary to carry out these measures,- then I feel satisfied that dental caries would be 1111 ^mediately civcumscribed in its ro.vages. 'and: in ; a 'few - generations ^''become comparatively raie The \ery existence of sncji a 'system .would create a 'public opinion'in -favour of sound •teeth'. ..'It \<ould briTig-- i liome to "tlie I "tliat it .... irtare-' for, :at .adequate nnot bR"»'othei-,wises£S (er-, at?tfie^gi£ld ^lan^in* ^ome of our London Boar-d Schools: should aue"plax!e for\ tune to the •dSTtisfs^lfair ^ASmiSabTe^fe- 7 ttfe: errand piahodnateVa^t^i the lngh SJt&r;? of >5ni9cile ^s^fesffietics^butl tOhopintan^iWagrer iUj ccoid with purgatorial pains into paradisaical tranquility- and ease. The : union of teeth is far more 1 momentous: matter thau that union of hearts of- which we -have heard so much lately. - THE GHOST OF A LOST TOOTH. \- Blake, the artist, left us a grotesque and curious portrait of the ghost of a. flea—a hideous figure- covered, .with; scaly skin of,black and gold, with a murderer's countenance, ; an eager tongue whislring: out of its mouth, and a cup-in its clawed hands to hold the blood. :! must wish he had bequeathed, to us his conception of :the.ghost ..of a; lost tooth—aspectre of ivory pallor and hollow visage, with quivering fangs for limbg; wormeaten, writhing.in agony, and waving aloft. forceps: and key; and even more do I wish that such a spectre could- be seen to plague' every;dentist or doctor who has been •guilty of denticide or the -unnecessary extraction of a saveable tooth; 