GENERAL BRIEFS. Onc-lbird of the world is controlled by the Anglo-Saxon race. The longest clock pendulum ever in a do is that ot the Eiffel Tower—377ft. Over 20,000 men, women and children died from snake bites in the year 1803 in Leather tranks were made; and sold in Rome as early as the days of Julius Eor every widower who marries a widow there are eleven who espouse maidens. There are more strikes in tho United States than in all the rest of the world put together. No man of a loss stature than five feet nine and a half inches can enter the police force of New York. A Waterloo veteran, in the person o£ Count Donnot-Vorget, has died at Paris at the age »f 100 years. Tho Admiralty have given instructions for swimming classes to bo formed at tho ■Sheerness School ot Gunnery. Tho largest bronze statue in tho world is that of Peter the Great at St. Peters burg. Its weight is about 1100 tons. A singular discovery has been made in Algeria on the site of tlie ancient Homan town of Thamugadia, now known as Tira gad. Portions of a colossal statue, tho height of which is estimated to have been no lo.ss than nine yards, have been In Hungary it is the custom for the groom to givo the bride a kick after the wedding ceremony to make liar feel her subjection. This is a matter that suggests though t. Tlie tail of the kangaroo is the fleshiest part of tlie animal. It is considered dainty food when boiled in its own skin, which afterwards may be drawn off like a A vessel called tho Islam detained at Glasgow because she is laden with contra band of war, supposed to be intended for one of the belligerent powers in the Far East. British Government does not want to pay another Alabama claim. There is one place in the world, at any rate, where tlie streets are literally paved with gold. At Johannesberg it has been lound that stone recently supplied by a mine on the main reef for paving the streets yields six pennyweights to the An American physician in Tokio is doing a rushing business by straightening the slant in the eyes of tlie Japanese. A fine silk thread draws up the eyelids and holds them in place. A few neat stitches are all that arc required. The term “infantry” was first used by tho Spaniards, in tlie wars with the Moors, to designate the bodyguard of a Royal prince, or infante. It was later extended to the entire body of foot soldiers, and finally adopted throughout Europe. Sometimes thcro are precocious bays other than Colonials. Our cable mes sages report tho suicido by hanging of a little eleven year old Londoner, who took his life in a fit of pique because of being punished for a misdemeanor by the deprivation of his dinner. Many references have been made re cently to the first Lady Mayor. But they have gone one better in the United States (say, a London paper). The Police Com missioner of Leavenworth, Kansas, is Mrs Eva M. Blackman, who is, moreover, the editor and proprietor cf a newspaper, and is only twenty-seven 1 It is estimated that the sunflower plant dr>ws from the soil and .'exhales, in 12 hours, 12 ounces o£ water. Tho nerves are all connected with it directly or by tile spinal marrow. ...Thfisp pmrvos... with p rob ably* oiece il *10,000,000 in number. Announcement that tho authorities o£ Argentina have decided to allow the ex tradition of the swindler Jabez Spencer Balfour is fully’ confirmed. The detective at Buenos Ayres sent to arrest the in famous Liberator man has telegraphed "All right” to the Scotland yard authori ties. Balfour will get a warm welcome back to his native land. Tho domestic household of Bun-Ian, the King of Anuam, consists almost; wholly of women, including a hundred wives, who are divided into nine classes, according to tho station of life in which they were born. Thirty women guard the entrance to his private apartments, while five more are his constant personal attendants. M. Casiinir-Perier, who is forty-six years old, is, with two exceptions, tho youngest ruler whom Prance has had since"Napoleon, at thirty, became First Consul. Louis XVII. at his accession was fifty-nine, Charles X. was sixty seven, Louis Phillipe fifty-seven. Thiers seventy-three, MacMahon sixty’-fivo, and Grevy seventy-one. Cavaignac, however, was only forty-six when pieced at the head of tho State, and Louis Napoleon, who succeeded him, was only forty. The death is announced of General Boulanger’s mother, Madame Boulangor, nee Griffiths, a lady of Welsh birch, at tho age of ninety-three, in file apart ment. in Paris where she had lived for many years. She had been in a wander ing state of mind, her faculties having declined about the time when, her son’s popularity in Paris was at its climax. She was unaware of his expulsion from the army, or of his exile and suicide the Ixclles Cemetery at Brusseis. Valentine Vox seems to have found as imitator in an adopted Japanese .girt of eighteen who resides in the province o£ Ivai. Her foster-parents and neighbors were recently astounded by the discovery that tho house was haunted by a most mysterious voice. No “ghost could be discovered. At last it was found that the girl bad developed an extraordinary faculty for ventriloquism. She bad beea exercising her faculty for the purpose of compelling her parents by adoption to restore her to her real mother. The trade in shrimps has grown so enormously during tho last year or two that about'four tons daily are despatched, by the mail boats from Ostend to Boyer, whence they are despatched chiefly to London and tho great centres of Lanca shire and Yorkshire. They are caught on the sand coasts of Belgium and boiled I ready for market, and packed in huge hampers so as to reach breakfast tables in the English Midlands the next day. A little extract of liquorice destroys the taste of aloes ; peppermint wafer dis guises nauseous taste of salts ; milk is a good abater of tho bitter flavor of Peru vian bark, and cloves that of senna. Castor oil cannot bo tasted if beaten and thoroughly mixed with tho white of an Qo*rr. Another method of covoring tho nauseous taste of castor or cod-livor oil is to put a tablcspoonful of strained orange juice in a wineglass, pour the oil into the centre of tho juice, and then squeeze a few drops of the juice upon tho oil and upon the edgo of the glass. The Wellman polar expedition has ar rived safe and sound at Tromsoe, a sea port on tlie north-west coast of Norway. Tho party got as far north as hit. §,4 deg. and there came to a “dead-end,” in tho shape of a solid wall of ice, which effectively blocked further progress. Not being able to wait until tlie ice-wall melted, the party hied them back to hem© and friends as fast as possible. Mean while it is chilling to reflect that Br Nansen and his party aro probably somc whore on the other side of that wall of 