IT lAMETTILUE, BY GKAXT ALLEN, Author of “ This 'Mortal Coil,” “ Blood Royal,” “ The Scallywag.” ** Chambers’s Journal.” CHAPTER IV—Fr.ATKr.S'AL Amenities. I ho reason was wailing towards its latter eml; Mrs Ilesslcgrave and Kathleen were on tho evo of flight for their regular round of autumn visits in tho country, before returning to their winter quarters in Venice. These autumn visits were half friendly, half pro fessional. It was one of the griefs of Mrs Hesslegravo’a life, indeed, that Kathleen’s voca tion as an artist compelled her to do and to Buffer many things which in her mother’s eyes were undignified, and almost tmlady - like. Foremost amongst them was the necessity, when visiting in the country, for carrying her port folio of sketches along with her ; for Kathleen’s success was merely a privato and local one; she depended largely for selling her pictures upon tho friendly appreciation of her own acquaintances. It is true, being a timid and retiring girl, she never thrust her work incontinently upon her hosts on the contrary, she wa3 nervously shy about anything that looked like solf-advortisement or pushing. Still, tho fact remained that unless she went a rouud of country visits in the autumn, she would never have sold most of her pictures at all ; and this fact, which gave Kath leen herself no small shrmkinga of natural delicacy, covered Mrs Hesslegravo in a vory different way with shame and humiliation. For to Mrs Hesslegravo, it was a painful aud disgraceful thing that people Bhould know her daughter had to work for her living at all; in her young (lay?, sho w»s wont to aay severely, young ladies used to paint for their own amusement, not for filthy lucre: and when ever she said it, with a disapproving to33 of the dainty coffee - colored Honitou hoad-dress, Kathleen had somehow an unpleasant feeling in the background of her heart that it was really very wrong of her to ho so badly off, and that if only sho had inherited tho feelings and manners of a perfect lady, sho would have managed to be born with five thousand a year, and nothing to do for it. Though, to ho suro, if sho hadn’t so managed, after all, it might with some show of reason be urged in extenua tion that tho fault lay ralhor at tho door of that impeccable Mrs Hesslegravo herself, and tho late lamented Gonoral Of Artillery, her husband, who had been jointly responsible for bringing Kuthleen into tho world with no better en dowment than just a pair of pretty white hands, fiicxuTu U^proilucvTdu'or^UckuCiVirarnTpleuSiDg images. On this particular evening, however, Kath leen was tired with packing; her head ached slightly ; and sho was anxious to bo kept as un disturbed as possible. Therefore, of course, her brother Reginald had chosen it as the aptest moment to drop in towards the dinner hour for a farewell visit to his mother and sister, Regi nald was twenty, with a faint black line on his upper lip—which he called a moustache—aud he was a child entirely after Mr& Hesslegrave’a own heart; in ki3 mother’s eyes, indeed, a con summate gentleman. To he sure thejpoor boy had the misfortune to be engaged in an office in the City—a most painful position j MrsHessIe gravo’s naiTOW means had never allowed her to send him to Sandhurst or Woolwich and get him a commission in the army—but that the fond mother regarded as poor Reggie’s ill luck; aud Reggie himself endeavored to make up for it by copying to the best of bis ability the tone and manner of military circles, os far as was compatible with the strict routine of a stockbroker’s office. If collars and cuffs and the latest thing out in octagon ties constitute tho real criterion of tho gentle life (as is tho 44 naive” belief of so largo a fraction of tho #ity), then was Reginald Hesslegravo indeed a gentleman. What though he subsisted in great part on poor Kathleen’s earnings, and pocketed her hard won cash to supplement his own narrow salary, with scarcely so much as a thank you—one doesn’t like to seem beholden to a woman in these matters, you know—yet was tho cut of his coats a marvel to Adam’s Court, and tho pattern of his Bloeve links a thing to be observed by tho stipendiary youth of Thread needle Street aud Lothbury. Reginald flung himself down in the big easy chair by the how window with the air of a man who drops in for a moment to counsel, advise, assist, aud overlook hts womeukind—in short with all the dignity of the head of the family. Ho was annoyed that “ his people’* were leaving town ; leave they must, sooner or later, of course; if they didn’t, how could Kath Icon ever dispose of those precious daubs of hers?—for, though Reginald pocketed poor Kathleen’s sovereigns with the utmost calm of a great spirit, ho always affected profoundly to despise the dubious art that produced them. Still, the actual moment of his people’s going was always a disagreeable one to Reginald Hesslegravo. As long as his mother and Kitty stopped on in town, ho had some where respectable to spend his evenings, if he wished to: somewhere presentable to which ho could bring other fellows at no expense to himself; and, that, don’t you know, is always a consideration l As soon as they wero gone, there was nothing for ti but tho club ; and at the club, that sordid place, they make a man nay himself for whatever he con sumes, aud whatever ho offers in Bolid or liquid hospitality to other fellows. So no matter now late mother and Kitty stayed in town, it made Reggie cross all the same, when tho day came or their doparturo. “ How badly you do up your hack hair, Kilty 1” Reggio observed with a sweet smile of provocation, after a few other critical remarks upon his sister’s appearance. 41 You put nostyle into it. You ought just to look at Mrs Algy Redbunra hair l There’s art if you like. Sho doss it in a bun. Sho knows how to dress it It’s a model for a Duchess..” 44 Mrs Algy Itedburn keeps a maid, no doubt,” his sister answered, leaning back iu her chair a little wearily, for she was worn out with packing. 44 .So the credit of her bun, be longs, of course to the maid who dresses it.” “ Sho keeps a maid 1” Reggie went on with his hands on his haunches in an argumentative attitude. “ Why, certainly she keeps a maid. What else would you expect ? Every lady keeps a maid. It’s a simple necessity, Aud you ought to keep a maid, too. No woman can be dressed as a lady should dress, if she doesn’t keep a maid. The thing’s impossible.” And he snapped his mouth to like a patent rat-trap.” “ Then I must be content to dress otherwise than as a lady should,” Kathleen responded quietly ; 41 for I can’t afford a maid—and to tell you the truth, Reggie, 1 really don’t know that I should care to have one.” 44 Can’t afford 1” Reggie repeated with a derisive accent of profound scorn. 44 That’s what you always say. I hato to hear you say it. The phrase is imlady-like. If you can’t afford anything you ought to do able to afford it. JIow do I afford things? I dress Iika a gentleman. You never see he ill- tailored or ill groomed, or doing without anything a gentle man ought to have. How do I afford it •” Kathleen had it on tho tip of her tongue to give back tho plain aud true retort, 44 Why, by making your sister earn tho money to keep youbut native kindliness and womanly | feeling restrained Tier from saying bo. So she [ only roplied : “ I’m suro i don’t know, my i dear; I often wonder, for I can’t afford it, > and I earn more than you do.” Reggio winced a littlo at that. It was moan of Kitty bo to twit him with his poverty. She was always Hinging his want of ready-monoy in his face—as though want of monoy (when you spend overy penny that fate allows you— and n littlo more too) were a disgrace to any gentleman ! Hut he continued none tho less in the same lordly strain: “You dress badly; that’s tho fact of ir. Xo woman should spend less than three hundred a year on her own wardrobo. It can’t ho deno for cuo shilling under that. Sho oufflrr to spend it.” ^ “ Not if Bhe hasn’t got it,” Kathleen nnswored “ Whether she’s got it or not,” Reggio re* sponded at once, with profound contempt for ; such unladylike morality. “Look at Mrs Algy Redhtzru ! IIow does she do, I’d liko to know? Everybody’s well aware Algy hasn’t got a brass farthing to bless himself with, yet who do you sco dressed in tho Park like his wife? Such bonnets! Such coats! Such a bun ! There’s a mod el for you !” “ But Mrs Algy Rodbum will some day be Lady AximuBter,” Kathleen answered with a sigh, not perceiving herself that that vague con tingency had really nothing at ail to do with tho rights and wrongs of the question. “ And I will not.” (Which was also to some extent an unwarrantable assumption.) flashed his cuffs, and regarded them with just pride. “ That’s no matter,” ho answed curtly. “ Every lady is a lady, and ? should dress files a lady, no matter what’s her \ income. And she can’t do that under three 1 hundred a year. You take my word for it.” Kathleen was too tired to keep up the dis . puto. So she nnswored nothing, 1 But Reggio had como round to his sister’s that night in the familiar masculine teasing humor. He wasn’t going to bo baulked of hia sport so easily. ’Twas aa good as ratting, at half the coat, and almost equal to badger drawing. So he went on after a minute: “A man doesn’t need so much. His Taunts are simpler. I think lean dress liko a gontloman myself—on two hundred and fifty.” “ As your salary’s eighty,” Kathleen put in, resignedly, with one hand on her aching head, “ I don’t quite know myself, whero tho re mainder’s to como from.” Reggio parried the question. “Oh, I’m care ful,” ho went on, “ very careful, you know, Kitty. I make it a rule never to waste mv money. I buy judiciously. Look at linen for example. Linen’s a very important item. I require a freBh shirt, of courao, every morning. Even you will admit’1 (ho spoke with acerbity, as though Kathleen wero a sort of acknowledged, social Pariah).—“ even YOU will admit that a 1 supply of clean linen is a necessary adjunct to a gentleman’s appearanco. Well, how do you think now I manage about my cuffs ? I’ll tell you what I do about them. There aro fellows at our place, if you’ll believe it, who wear movable cuffB—cuffs, don’t you know, that como on and off tho same as a collar does : nasty, separate shirt cuffs. I don’t call such things gentle manly, The fellows that wear them take them off when they come to tho office, and slip them on again over their bands when they have to run across with a client to the House—that’s what wo call the Stock Exchange—or when they go out for luncheon. Well, I don’t like such way8 myself. I hate and detest all shams and subterfuges, I wouldn’t wear a cuff unless it was part and parcel of my shirt. So I’ve in vented a dodge to koep them clean from morn ing till evening. As soon as I go into tho office, I just cut a piece of white foolscap the exact sizo of my cuffs ; I doublo it back, so, over tho edge of the sleeve: I pass it under again this way. Then, while I stop in tho office, I keep tho cover on ; and it looks pretty much tho same aa the linen. That prevents blacks aud smuts from sottliug on the cuff, and keeps I tho wear and tear and so forth from hurting the 'material. But when I go out, I just slip the paper off, so !—and there I am, you see, with Bpotless linen, like a gentleman !” And ho de monstrated triumphantly, i “ A most ingenious dodge !” Kathleen an | swered with languid interest. I “Yes, it’s careful of me,” Reggie went on; 1 “ I’m naturally careful. And by such strict I bits of economy, I expect in tho end—to keep down my expenditure on dress to two hundred , and fifty,” Kathleen smiled very faintly. I “ You don’t think a fellow can do it on less, do you ?” Reggie continued once more in an 1 argumentative spirit. “ Yres I do,” Kathleen roplied. “ I certainly think bo. And if he’s a man and can’t afford to spend so much, I think ho should he ashamed of himself for talking such nonsense.” “ Well, hut look here, you know,” Reggie began, “ what’s a man to do I You just think of it thia way ! Pirat, ho must have a dross suit, oncoayearof course; you’ll admit that’s a necessity. Gloves and white ties—those he needs for evening. Then .frock../?pd cutaway lot for afternoon tea : aud two Butts of dittos for country wear : and a tweed with knickerbockers for shooting and so forth : and a tennis coat, and boating flannels, and-*” . 11 Oh, don’t, Reggie!” his sister cried, shrink ing away and clapping her hands to her aching head. “ You comb ray brain ! I’m too tired to argue with you.” “ That's just itj”Reggiocontinuod, delighted. “ You live iu wretched lodgings, with no proper food—your cook’s atrocious : and you work till you drop at your baastlylpainting; aud you tire yourself out with packing your own boxes, instead of keeping a maid, who’d do it all like a shot for you ; aud what’s the conso nucnco ? Why, you’ro unfit for society.! When a follow comes round to pay you a visit aftGr a hard day’s work, aud expects a little re laxation aud stimulating talk with the ladies of his family—ho finds you worn out’ a mero boilGd rag : while as to music or conversation, or some agreeable chat—oh, dear mo, no ! not too ghost of an idea of it,” Kathleen’s patience was exhausted. if M doar boy,” she said, half angrily, “ I uavi: to work to keep myself alive, and you too, into tho bargain. And if you expect mo to supply you with two hundred a year to spend upon your wardrobe, why, you must at least consent to give up tho pleasure of music in tho even ings.” g What Reginald might have answered to this unexpected attack remains an unknown fact in the history of the universe ; for just at that minute tho neat-capped littlo waiting-maid of the Kensington lodgings opened tho door with a flourish and announced, “ Mr Morti Tho young American entered with undis guised alacrity, aud gazed delighted around the room. “Mrs Hesslegrave is OUT, I hear,” he began with meaning, as ho took Kathleen’s hand. Then ho started a littlo in surprise aa Reginald roso from the chair where ho had been sitting, unseen. “ But your brother’s hero,” ho added in a disappointed after-thought, whoso distinct tone of regret must needs have struck anybody less self-centred and solf-satisfiod than tho stockbroker’s assistant. “ Yes, I dropped round to say good-bye to my people tonight,” Reggio answered with a drawl, caressing that budding black line of his upper lip with all a hobbledehoy’s affoction. “ They’re off on a round of visits to the country just now. Hard lines on me ! I Bhall bo loft all alone by myself in Loudon.” 