Crystals. Johnny Gormandised. The process is more irritating than alar ming. Does any man living know the true rela tion between the School of Arts and the Corporation ? If so, we adjure him to step forward and declare it. ' If no living man docs and the secret has died with somebody, then we appeal, to his ghost. ' ' Let us not burst in ignorance but say why this awful mystery should hang over Too woomba like a pall. The story of the frightful occurrence in the Dandenong Forest should knock heathen missions on the head. ;. The inhabitants gathered .round the hap less family, crushed and groaning under rafters and branches— and left them there to die. . ? The wretched, benighted creatures thought it would be illegal to release the sufferers from their horrible position! For Heaven and humanity's sake, recall your emissaries from Greenland's icy moun tains and India's coral strand, *nd pack them off to the Dandenong 1- orest. The leading journal has got over its antioathy to a loan. Some journals 'lead' very well— so do . some horses. According to all accounts certain football colours were in great evidence in Queen Street lately. In fact half of the ladies of the tow.i sported them. No small honour for the Citv of LavaJ which is Timbuctoo. Kanaka mortality seems to be still in creasing in Queensland. One of the most fatal of the diseases was imported from their native islands. It has still to be proved that residence in Queensland has increased instead of de creased the death-rate. The rate for Drayton and Toowoombi last month was nothing to brag about. China and Japan seem inclined to welt each other with their pigtails. If a good thirty years' war was to result it would greatly relieve the tension on the Asiatic question. Our Nelson's estimate of revenue was somewhat near the mark. Those of See and Carter overshot it by from three to eight hundred thousand. A mere trifle in these dnys of leaps in the dark. Will there be strikes in Heaven ? A question to be asked after the strike in the worker's paradise, Pullman. But having gone on strike, the Pullmanites show some method in their madness. Their ordinary employment being the building of railway carriages, they are now employed demolishing the same. That is one way of curing the evils of over production. The A.W.U. have called off their dogs of war. ?Well bred dogs under such circumstances would not require calling off. But those who answer the whistle of the professional agitator are not particularly well bred, nor well found in the matter of brains either. 