RELIGIOUS MISSIONS. Mr. Gipsy Smith preached twice at the Franklin-street church on Sunday. He took for bis text in the morning, the words ' Be not drunk with wine, but be filled with tbe Spirit.' He said, in conversion we received pardon, but the reoeption of the Holy Ghost gayetriumphoverthepowerof sin. It wasagreat thing to have the debts of the past wiped out, but greater to have the power of never getting mso aeos again, vurisu rovwuuu wio xatner, the Holy Spirit revealed Christ, but it was foe believers to reveal the Holy Spirit in their livts. The Master's first great struggle was in private, the 40 days in tbe ?wilderness, and then he was ready for public work. Tbe Holy Spirit did not save from temptation, but it did save in temptation, however great. A year ago he held a eeries of morning Bible readings at Fifth-avenue, New York, whioh were attended by 150 wealthy ladies. One of tham said to him, ' I am a nominal churoh member. If I were converted I could not speak or preach to others.' In lees than a month ehe rose at a meeting and said that she could no longer keep silent. She not only spoke then to her friends with power and great effect, but was now engaged in a labor of love in the slums of the city. One might be a member for 40 years without benefiting his neighbors, but he could not be filled with the spirit 40 days without bringing Bomeone to Christ. In tbe evening Mr. Smith dealt with Acts xxiv, 25— ' Whan I have a convenient season I will call for thee.' A large audience of over 800, nearly «H men, were at the Theatre Royal on Sunday after noon to hear the Rev. John MacNeil, B.A., give an address on ' Gambling.' The speaker held the attention of the audienoe, and replied to the various interjections and questions which came from the body of tbe faalL Taking aB bis text 'Tfaon ehalt not steal' be showed that betting was really breaking thu com mand. Hi* points were enforced by graphic anecdote and illustration, a last message being read from a man who committed suicide in London, and another from the well-known Sydney bookmaker Teddy Sampson, who said' 'I have the curse of the gambler in me and cannot stop,' and then blew his brains out on the eaabeach. Mr. MacNeil urged hu hearers in the most earnest manner to give up this cursed habit, and to do their utmost to stop' thia evil whenever possible. The motion would ba continued two more nights in the T.M.C.A. Ball, »t 8, Monday and Tuesday, meeting for prayer each evening at 7.30. At the close about 50 signatures were obtained $, were bronghi to the fiw»fcu^ byMr, S. A»hby. 