[?] ROMANCE OF THREE LIVES. ,,v[Bt 0BETBTJDE Warden.] Chapteb XV.— -The Blow Palls. — Continued. The door . had hardly closed; upon Lady Mention, when Marcus Grilmore, who bad been quietly seated in hie usual arm-chair by the fireplace, with bis gaze'riveted upon Felice, changed his position for a chair close by hers, and bending over her, with one arm thrown orer the back of her chair, appeared 10 ue addressing ner on some subject of great interest to them both. Robert could see that Felice started and blushed at his words ; then, that she affected to laugh ; whilst Marcue, drawing nearer, appeared to press his inquiry. Robert's inimical imagination was not needed in order to determine the expression in his step-brother's eyes. It was,, altogether love-sick and .sentimental,. as was his next gesture, when he, laid his band tenderly on those ofr Felice, which trifled with the leaves of a book in her lap; Could Robert have heard the words of the talk which was passing, between his wife and-: -Marcus, ibis reason for jealousy would have been considerably diminished—if , indeed, jealousy of the evil4hinking, loveless order ever wants a reason' 'to/ justify its existence.' .?Felice, herself had no suspicion of the feeling iWith which MrGilmore re garded her. The subject would not have interested 'her, and she had never ' given '.it a moment's thought. He, was, in her estimation, an ex tremely clever man, interesting by reason of -his intellect and his supposed romance of many years ago, from which, however, Miss Ellwin's story had considerably robbed the charm, j As to - Mb . higa-flown compliments, ? Felice had got used to them, and heeded them no more from Mar&us; than from Lady Fenton. ; To-night, especially, she was'in no mood to criticise his tones and glances. Her heart was sore with self-reproach andfl sorrow for what she considered her unpardonable lack of self-control in her interview with Maurice esrlier in the evening. ? He seemed now, to her distressed fancy, to be avoiding her as studiously as she had before avoided him; and the'rexcusejof business letters which had taken him off to the Btudy was, she felt, a poor one. ? ' Are you ill, are you angry, or are you tired, Madame Felice, or a little of all three, with some good- and exciting news thrown in ?' These were the questions with which Marcus was plying her when Robert first perceived them ; and Felice, startled and nervous at first ?lest- she should have betrayed herself, turned presently to laughter, and declared' that Mr GHlmore's ' poetic imagina tion ' was carrying him away. - ,: '? ' ~Not at;.all. It is not merely the change of this ravishing pink seashell tintedfrock, it is the change in' you, Something has moved you out of that statue-like reserve of yours— a reserve so deep,.: one wonders sometimes if there can -really be any dormant, fire beneath. But now: the fire has leaped to life. You have been stirred to anger or hate, or grief, or to love, which,; at times, partakes of the elements: of all th ree, within the past few houra. Woo't you imagine me your father confessor for the nonce, and confide to me the reason of this change ?' / 'I cannot impart confidences which existonly in your fancy, Mr Grilmore.' 'Do I fancy that you blush and look alarmed, that you glance about you now as though anxious 'for an excuse to escape from my questions? Ah,. Felice, you must become a. better actress before you can deceive, me! As well tell, me that it is I who have kindled that light in your eyes, and brought that gentle distress to your eloquent mouth- — - ' . :;- 'Mr Gilmore,' said Felice, inter rupting him, coldly, as he laid His haDd on hers, 'haven't we .talked nonsense enough on the 'subject? Even in jest, ifc is as well to remember that I am a married woman !'? '?'?'? „ . 'Married!' he repeated, scornfully. 'To whom?' , ,, . But his remarks, whethei*. con plimentary. or, otherwise, ?-? on the subject of her husband were cut shbrt by a loud sound of bursting wbod and broken glass as Eobert Fenton himself, by a violent and well-directed blow, dashed through the flimsy obstruction of the French window, and unceremoniously entered the room. Felice spr&ng; to her f'eefc with a faint cry of' alarm. ; Marcus neither moveclnorspoke;but remained seated exactly as before, with his gaze riveted, not upon Robert, but upon his wife. His face had nsaumed an unnatural chalky pallor, but, after . the first brief glance of i efiognition, he never once looked at his old enemy. ?,-. 'You may well be frightened,' Robert begaD, in harsh, grating tones, to Felice. ' A nice welcome home for a husband, to find his 'wife being made love to by his disreputable relatives. 1 don't wonder you're both of you ashamed to look me in the face, or even to frame some conventional lie as an excuse. You carneying hypocrite ! ' he continued, with sudden savagery1, addressing the impassioned figure, of his step-brother. 'Were you' not taught a lesson seven years ago on the subject of making love to married women? You were cheated and cut out theDi and you are 'being cheated^ \ and cut out now. For all' your doings' are known tome,' lie continued} turn ing furiously upon his wife ; 'your love scenes with Maurice, as well as your sentiment with this miserable coward here ! ' For the first time, Marcus started, perceptibly, but whether at the men tion of his cousin's nnme or at the slur upon himself, ifc is impossible to say. ? 'How dare you ! ' burst from Felice's pale lipp, as with scorn and anger she no longer Btrove to cunceal lighting up her whole face, she made a quick movement to pass her huaband on her way out of the room. But Robert was quicker still, and seized her roughly by the arm, noting, even in bis rage, which was half-real and half-assumed, how handsome she looked with that fine disdain stamped upon her features. * JBy -^- — , you shall listen to me!' be exclaimed, emphasizing his words by a violent shake to her arm. , 'I: am your husband, and I have a right to find fault with you I' 'You. have no right to insult me in the presence of others !' returned Fflice, in a low voice. 'You degrade yourself, not me, by this cowardly brutality. When you are sober, I will hear what you have to say, in private.' . 'You shall hear what! have to say now— -when I please, not when you do! These grand airs of virtuous superiority won't serve any longer! You declined to go abroad with me on a silly pretext, that you might remain here, and divide your time between kissing Maurice in the drawy ing-room and being shut up alone with this creature, Marcus, in his study!. You- ? ?' ' Stop !' she cried, in passionate, shame and anger. ' Mr Gil more, I cannot leave the room ; but let me beg you to go!' - ' Shall I send to have this thief and forger removed ? I cannot endure leaving you to his coarse abuse !' said Marcus, rising on the words, and speaking with striking self-possession and caltD. Robert laughed loudly. 'My thefts and forgeries, as you call them, can no longer be proved,' he said, triumphantly. 'I am now the wealthiest member of my family, and, consequently, in the minds of all right-thinking Englishmen, the most respectable. As to you and Maurice, what are you ? One of you is, to mv certain knowledge,- an undetected murderer, and deserves, not a prison, but the gallows, to which I myself would bring him to-morrow, if i' had the power!' For the first time Marcus raised his head and looked his tormentor full, in the eyes. : : 'You will be sorry for that,' lie observed quietly as he left the room, \- ClTAPTEK XVI. ? MUBDEIt. Robert stared for a moineuf; after his cousin's retreating figure, and F. lice felt his grasp upon her arm relax. Seizing tbo opportunity, she wrenched herself free, and ma,de her escape by theshattered French window through which her husband had entered. Down the quiet garden she fiew rather than ran in her dread of being pursued, until, her foot catching in tbe low hedge at the end, she slipped over into the fosse dividing the garden from the field beyond. Here, in the dry grass and dead leaves of last year, she remained a few moments,quivering and panting like a hunted animal. ? An overwhelming feeling of Wtter dislike against her husband swept alB coherent thoughts out of her mind. ' It is impossible to do anything else ; but hate him, and ifc is of no use, tr\in-7,' she murmured to herself. 'I will run away, I will kill myself, I will work, and starve, and hide myself .in any unknown corner of the earth rather than go back to him. His voice, his touch awakes in me a /eding 'that is absolutely murderous, ' for I could wish him dead whenever my eyes fall upon him. Ifc may be wicked and horrible, but I shall not try to fijjhfc ifc down. I hate him, I hate him, I hate him 1 Crouching in the fosse, with (\ clenched Lands, white resolute face, and long dark hair, dishevelled by her run, falling about her shoulders, Felice's appearance gained a fierce , picturesquenees in keeping with her thoughts. She was in that state of emotional r excitement when time is no longer measureable. It seemed to her that years had passed, since she had found ' Maurice in the drawing-room less than four hours ago. : A sense of physical cold and dis comfort at length asserted itself bo strongly that, she was forced back into ' consideration of her actual surround' ings. The fosse : was a capital hiding place, but in one sense an abiding shelter. Clearly she could not remain shivering all night in what was at best , but a comparatively dry ditch* ; at the bottom of the garden. Yet where could she go ? ; To sleep under Stoneroyd's roof whilst it sheltered her husband was impossible. Even before the arrival, of Robert, fshe had decided that she must leave Lady Fentqh's house.,. The home of Maurice Fenton could' no longer be hers. ? , Ifc needed but a very little to break down the barrier of convential reserve and affected friendship between, him ] and her, and to turn them into hope- I less lov.ers. She knew this now, and I knew that Maurice, with all his I chivalry and his unselfishness, was a s I ?man young, passionate, and impres- I sionable, with a mind divided between I romantic affection for her, and intense I scorn and dislike for her husband. I r: It was chiefly her dread of a meeting I between these two which bad prompted ? I her to escape from Robert at the first I opportunity. It would be worse than . I death, she felfc.to stand there passively I whilst he addressed to her in Maurice's. I presence a repetition of the coarse in- ? suits he had already inflicted upon I her. ? Maurice, as she knew well, had none ? of Marcus's philosophic calm. He I could not sit tamely by and see her fl who was ?' as on angel in heaven to H him ' subjected to slanderous abuse-. ....-?; ^| and brutal violence. Again and again fl| Lady Feii.ton had warned her not to ? ^| let Robert revisit Stoneroyd, and had. [ ^| hinted darkly at the tragic conse- ' ^M quences which might ensue were her ^| warnings disregarded. The storm which , ^M had so long been gathering abont ^M otoneroy d's haunted, walls was break- ^M ing now, and Felice, crouching in her ^M hiding-place, realised that i he .worst ^M was yet to come. ' ^H \- The voice of Louisa ' Greet, calling ^^^H to her in subdued tones down the j^H garden path, brought Felice to her ^^H feet. Ghost-like in her long, pale- ^H coloured gown in the dim light, she ^H rose above the hedge which crowned ^^| the fosse, and Louisa, with an' ex- ^^M clamafcion of alarm, rushed to her ^H side. H ' Oh, my dear— -my d- a-, ah thought !^H a.3 how, you'd run oft' for ever whea ah -^^^H couldu'fc find you ! Ah saw you ruu H| f ? T . 1 through the winder,' and almost as poon.as you'd gone, in come Mr Maurice, and that there , devil — begging your pardon, moom, as he's your husband, but Mr Robert — he t urned on Mr Maurice, and begun to pet on him as ho'ddoue to Mr IVlarcus. And Boomtbing he says siboot you — there, ah can't tell yer ! — 'but Mr Maurice, he gives a kind o' shout, 'You lying hound !' ho says, and gives Robert a blow in the mouth M'i' the back oi' ' his hand whic'i sent liini staggering. 'Ah luvodhim for that! Bui. Mr Hob'ert, be 'oop and curaes horrible, and tries to throw himself on Mr Maurice, and says other things for which he deserves hanging ah do say. But- Mr Maurice cuts him, short by taking him by the throat and Bhnking him as if he wur a rabbit. 'You profane her name again, and ah'Jl kill you!' he says. Then Mr Eobert, he tries to carry on the same game, and Maurice knocks ' him down. And on that, Lady 3?enton coom in. Eobert was lying on the floor with his face all bruised, and Maurice was standing over him, looking like a tiger in a rage, red an' his eyes a-glittering. My lady, she looked more dead than alive when she seed them. 'What have you coom for ?' she asks Eobert. !' To look after myjwife,' he says. And Maurice calls to Lady Fenton to 'a done ? talking wi' the i'ellow an' turn him out of the 'ouse. Then he Ah was in the garden1, listening like, and goes to him in the hall. ' Where's Mrs Fenton ? ' he aska me, quite wild lil?e. ' Louisa,' he goes on, ' you'ie a good creature. Warn'her, keep her away. Don't let her come back to the house while that fiend is here. Ah can't trust myself,' he, says, an1 his voice sounded all hoarse like an' strange. 'If she comes back,' he says, 'an' he annoys her, ah must kill him.' And now, my deary, you must just keep away.' There'll be murder done this night if Eobert stays, as he says he will, and if' you- coom back, and the four of you sleep in this 'ere 'ouse to-night. Don't you do it; moom. You just stay at old Q-rierly's to-night, till things is a bit straight like, and, maybe, they'll get Master Eobert to go away. Or would you leifer go further away, down to the town ? ' now can i| m t-ui» uroa», wiuu uu bat or cloak ? ' ' Jusfc' you wait at the lodge, an ah'll bring'yer things. That old lump o' clay, Grierly. won't take no notice of .yer. Eh, but you do look fair 1 crazed. Don't you mind, my deary. You're so pretty, ah don't wonder three gentlemen's quarrelling over yer ! ' But Felice's shudder of horror I clearly indicated that flattery on that ! head was extremely distasteful to her, and Louisa was forced to coutine | her never-ceasing talk to soothing i; generalities, as she led Mrs Fenton by ' tt»e stable-yard and the long-disused j drive to old Grierly's lodge. ' Here Louisa left her, seated, in dumb apprehension and excitement, on the one side of Mr Q-rierly's table, while on the other the host presided in, his accustomed stolid silence, ?winch had been in no way disturbed by the advent of his unexpected ?\ i si tor. [', 'Eh! He's either the deepest old [ i iux as ever robbed a farm-yard, or the [i biggest fool in creation!' was Louisa's I'-ejininent, as she peeped through a I, chink in the Venetian blind, and saw I ? jiow, having bolted 'the door and I ;md ' resumed his pipe at Felice's I suggestion, the lodge-keeper was I sitting cross-legged , by- thje fire, with, no more, expression in his wrinkled face, or sign of life about his whole; figure than if he had been a wooden image, carved for the. adorn ment of a tobacconist's store. It was to reconnoitre, and, if possi ble, fetch back Felice's walking clothes, th-it Louisa returned to Stoneroyd. In spite of her honest affection for Mrs Fenton, the excitement of a.' row ' in the house exercised considerable fascination, over her, and' she had with difficulty xestrained herself from lustily cheering, and even joining in the fray, which she had witnessed from the drawing-room window. ';.;. 'The house seemed quiet enough as she returned to it. Since hisv dis cussion w ith Robert, Marcus Giluaore had a Itogether ' effaced himself, - retir ing to bed with a novel, and an extra powerful dose oi his favourite ' nerve sedative.' ' -, ? ; \v. 1 ' As to Maurice,-; he had dashed into the dining room, there to- pace up and down the boards like; ;a caged lion, followed by the gentle, wondering eyes of Tweedie. ' ''? ?'',;?; (To be. Continued ) 