UNDER THE SHADOW OR, THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUNBAVEN. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. By JEAN MIDDLEMASS. . Author, op . ; ' A QIRL ?IN< A THOUSAND," " SEALED BY 'A KISS," . " BY FAIR MEANS," &O.; ' COPYRIGHT. _ 1 CHAPTER VII. -(Continued). Up to the proaqnt moment, however, Clement had outwitted his clearer- headed cousin, .tor ho. .was' far from discovering tho secret of what was really darkoning the life of the present owner or Aboyne Uourt. About half a mile from the house, the two men passed each other, only a hedge between' them, "but 'neither wished to speak. ; Pierce felt keenly ' alive t6,';tho miscltiq?;|i ?had done; his 1 cousin during - the'., rastjijvlf-hpur, and". ' Clement never' carqd?,id?.' look Vaughah in the fafcei.;:'??He? tyus-ai ways-afraid of' how -much- -'he knew;|o6dtq'd. certain extent:' gave hiin-creditrer 'guarding a', silence whioh''h6.:tnd.liiiurpdly would ' not' havo maintained' for? ten minutes. .W'hbtl>.vlie.vl'M'.:Rui about' this' somewhat red about ;her pretty';,eyes is doubtful. ; ';? ' ' . . But ho couId.uot.learA; the citUse'bf! her depression. ; She,?.would not give her new 'suspicion! words, ic?was!ris yet too young to be altogether a tangible form ; she must wait and watch. Meantime she was tender and lovir.g to her Clement. She would not be prejudiced against him simply on Pierce Vaughan's testimony, for, womanlike, though when absent she had almost believed him false, no sooner did she look into his face than her heart went forth to him and seemed to tell her tlmt he was true. Still, ' from that hour henceforth ' their relations must be somewhat strained, and hoWever muoli tender ness for each other might at times bubble up into their hearts yet the. ghost would never be laid. On the table, in the library, near where Lady Gertrude sat, some letters had. been placed by the footman when he removed the tea, They were all addressed to Sir Clement, and one of them was in the handwriting of .Lis- beth Glendinning. At first Sir Clement guiltily thought that this letter might have occasioned hiB wife's trouble, that she had reco-nised Beta's writing. . He tore it open, angry with Lisbeth for sending to . him thus openly, but having read' the missive his' blow cleared and be tossed it to Lady Gertrude 1 . CHAPTER yill. / A Hornet's NeSt. It troubled Lisbeth not a little that she should, so inopportunely have met Pierce Vaughah: "\Vhat might not the consequences be, if he should tell Clement that he had seen her criming out of a restau rant with Sir Miles Berkeley, and yet in truth there was not the slightest harm in what she had beon doing. She had only once spoken to Pierce Vaughan — on the occasion he had called at the cottage in Coleshill, but silo knew him very well by sight, and, like Lady Gertrude, she was a little bit afraid of him. Goodness knows they both had very1 good cause for fear, but for n very different cause, to any they suspected;; They thought him sneering and hard,- but failed to see that lie was also, crafty and false. - The usual cold smile deepened oti liis face when he found Lisbeth and; Sir Miles so unexpectedly, together, lie was hob likely to' let such'-'art op portunity escapo of course. Ho stop ped to speak to them though they,, would both gladly have avoided him. . Sir Miles was quite as much annoyed as Lisbotii, since ha had Jearnt to re gard Pierce Vaughan as a. rival, and, all being fnir in love and war, thought it probable that a highly colored picture of this meeting would in all probability be painted for the edifica tion of Miss Ei !ra Dolane. Stupid and sheepish as Sir Miles was always considered ho had taken Pierce Vaughan's measure mush mire accurately than had any of his female acquaintances. The reason, perhaps, was that Sir Miles, acting executor for Sir Louis Dunraven's will, had been - brought into business rolations with Vaughan, and had thus an opportunity of seeing the real man unmasked. There was no time, hojwever, .fop; '.'character, analysis now. The'y must face '. the 'position as well as they could, and since Pierce Vaughan elected to stop and speak they must seem well pleased to see him, and be. as much at their case as. possible. It was on Lisbeth that he bestowed the greatest, amount of attention. ? A "Ah, Miss Glendinning, I- am so glad to have mot you. I: went to. the Cottage one day to inquire , after you; but tlio bird had flown." ; "I left after grandfather died. I wanted a little change. I am going back to-morrow or the next day, .howr ever," said Lisbeth, coloring. : "And. where are you staying in London? I should like to call and tell you all the Coleshill news, though I have no doubt Sir Miles has fore- stalled me." ' " " Oh,, far away from here,' in a low slum, not fit for a gentleman," said Lisbeth, so anxious, to put him oil coming that she overdid hfer part. " If it is good enough for you it is good enough for ' me," answered Vaughan, with intense politeness. Lisbeth was thus driven into a corner, but she stood at bay. "Really, Mr. Vaughan, I would rather you did not call, lam staying with an old cousin who is very fractious and particular. . She dislikes what she calls ' followers ; ' besides, I am leaving .to-morrow." "You hftve had enough, of her fractiousness," said Vaughah, laugh ing. " Well, I shall look forward to seeing you at Coleshill ; I suppose I may call there ? " " If you wish", but I do not see why you should care to do 'so.'' "I should be much wanting in good taste did I not care., . And ..why should . you credit me -with less anxiety to be. charmed by you than my good friend Berkeley, and some others .1 "could name were I not discreet." 1 Lisbeth's handsome face became crimson as a glorious peony. She was only lowly-born, but . the exceedingly bad tasto of " -Pierce Vaughan's allusions jarred upon her, till she felt .thut she positively hated him. ' ' ' ' " Good morning, Mr. Vaughan the less we meet in the . future the better I shall be pleased,", she said, drawing herself up with the dignity" of an in jured queen. It was his turn to stammer and redden when he saw that lie had over shot his mark, and that there was a beaming look of satisfaction oil Sir Miles's honest face which "riled " him not a little. Honesty < in this instance had triumphed over craft. Yet, was.it wise of either Sir Miles'or Lisbeth . to make a bitter enemy of or establish ppen, war .with Pierce Vaughan. In some i respects perhaps they wero right.. An open enemy is less to' be dreaded than a false friend ; bub Pierce -was nob a man who would readily acknowledge himself to be an enemy. It was far more of his nature' to gloss over a seeming slight ; and profess ..friendship where hp felt utter hatred,., so that he might have .the chance of stabbing unawares. He had, of course, sufficient tact to see that it was no longfer. desirable that he should thrust his sooiety on Lisbeth 5 he therefore mado a feint of retiring gracefully, though it was his intention to play detective and find out as much about her affairs as he could. ' , He ttehb into a Shop in the imme diate neighborhood of Oxford Circus and lingered about, until he saw Sir Miles put Lisbeth into an omnibus bound citywards and then walk off in a different direction. As soon as he was fairly but of sight Mr. Vaughan hailed ' it hrinsom and. told the cabman to keep that par ticular: othnibtis so in sigh't that ?he could see who got out, -promising him a sovereign if he did his work aptly and efficaciously! ' It was a. long, tiresome drive, and once or twice Pierce must assuredly, .have, been observed had not Lisbeth been, as'slie frequently was, in a brown study, .. . The events of tho day had crowded, so thickly .upon her that she was striving tp Sbrb and arrange them, in order,- if -possible, to make her future plans. ?. .,' She doubted the wisdom of leaving- Lisa nnd Mre. 'El.lis; yet where would the babe bsj's'o loved and cared for jf it waSj :in obedience to Clomunt's wishes/ to bo" parted from her. Clement. '.'had said that, there was someone to be fearod. Gould he mean Pierce Vaughan ? -The meeting of to-; day made her horribly' afraid that lie did mean bo. . When the moment arrived for her to alight from the omnibus she got out without having tho faintest notion of Piereo Vaughan's vicinity. , lie tossed tho promised sovereign to tho cabby and alighted to follow her. This wa3 not difficult, as sho walked on briskly without once looking round. He saw her enter Mrs. Ellis's humble abode by moans of a latch-key, and then ho strolled away, finally taking another hansom and. driving . to. his rooms in the Temple. Ho had learnt nil he wanted to know for one day. His information had oost him a sovereign ; was it worth it ? He thought so sinco he expected ho would thus be able to as certain what Lisbeth had been doing- in London. " Occasion," however, we are told, " turnoth a bald noddle when it presents its locks and no hold is taken." Pierce Vaughan found other matters to engross his attention for awhile, thus he misBcd his occasion and the question was, when would he find it again. Lisbeth went into tho front parlor, which was Mrs. Eilis's sanctum, but- except littlo Lisa, who was, sleeping happily in her cradle, there was no one there. Before she called out to Mrs. Ellis she stooped to. fondle her child and shed two or three scalding tears on its brow at the thought. that they were so soon to bo parted. This half awoke the baby, who bogah to whimper. While sho was soothing it back to sjeep. she .thought -she hoard a strange gurgling .sound1 proceeding from., tho inner room. She went in at onco, the baby in her arms, to -find Mrs, Ellis lying on the floor. . She had' appar ently had a fit and seemed to be dying. ' Lisbeth tossed the child on to the bed, ran for some water, and tried to rouse her. ' . But in vain;- the gurgle she. had heard was the last symptom of life," it was now extinct. . .She called loudly for assistance, and the lodgers came flocking in, but to' stand wringing their hands in dismay was all they could do. . -' The first shock over, .everyone won dered what would follow. .The mistress of the house was dead, and as far as they knew there was no heir. Could ib .be possible that Lisbeth Glendinning; tho cousin of whom no one had heard a few months back, would take possession of the houso and its inmates? But Lisbetlr felt no right -of pro prietorship, nor had she any intention of asserting any. She was not sure that Mrs. Ellis had not a'sonout in some foreign land, of whom she never spoke, anyway she was fully aware that she had a brother, since she had talked about him more tlian once during Lisbeth's. visit. She took it upon herself, however, to'.order tho funeral, and for that she felt it was her duty to remain- at what ever cost. That event over, she. in tended to go quietly away, saying nothing to anyone, and as far as . possible leaving no trace behind her. So engrossed was she with this longing to get away that this absorbed und crushed down every other thought and modeller regret, over the death -of the ' coUsin who ;had\ befriended- -her when she was in trouble' very much' less than it would otherwise have been. In fact she appeared so callous and indifferent to the sad event which had so suddenly cast the whole house into mourning, that evil tongues began to. wag and nasty, little, unpleasant questions were being asked, as to whether Mrs. Ellis'sdeath had occurred entirely by natural causes and whether this .unknown Lisbeth Ellis— as she was called here — had not a very strong reason for being glad she was out of the world. By the time the day of the funeral had arrival the talk had grown so much mora daring that- if Pierce Vaughan had chanced , to look in, there is no doubt but that he would have heard things he little expected about Lisbeth, though in reality no one could have refuted any charge brought against hor in this. matter, more easily than Pierce Vaughan himself, since he looked'at his watch as he walked down the City-road and the inmates of the house well know the hour at which Mrs. Ellis died. , . Tho inmates all felt certain that she was .going to take possessioii of them and of the house, and several of them resolved to give notice ; they would not stay under hor dictatorship. The place was in a condition of posi tive mutiny, the only person ignorant of what was going on was as usual the person most concerned, Lisbeth her self. She looked; .too, as innooont as she was ignorant, which provoked those who were taking sides against, her not. a little. Only wait until the funeral was over, -it would not be decent to speak' jvhile that , poor dead woman was in the house — and then they would let this Lisbeth know what they thought of her and her . ways. As was expedted no relations put 'In an appearance for the very good. reason that, there were none in England, ? and,' Lisbeth quietly and humbly played the- part of chief mourner. She spokp very little tb those in mates of the house who, having, donned such mourning as they could scrape together, had elected to follow Mrs. Ellis to her last resting place 5 and on hor return Lisbeth shut her self into tho front parlor " to have a quiet cup of tea," as she said. " To make her plans,", as the gos sips upstairs decided, and in this they were right, only Lisbeth's plnns were scarcely in accordance with their, pre conceived ideas. they would give her an hour, quite' long enough for.'tea and rest, and then they would have it out with her about the future. \- It almost seemed as if Lisbeth knew she was in a hornet's nest, for no sooner was the parlor. door closed on her than she dressed little Lisa-; her modest wardrobe and the child's had already been packed in a bundle un known to tho lodgers, keenly though they had watched her, and long beforo the hour they had given her was up, 1 like llagar of old, Lisbeth and her child had gone forth t'o seek their for tune. . Lisbeth had not beon idle in the'few days that had passed since Mrs. Ellis's death. She had written to Glomont telling him wjiut had occurred and assuring him that sho would obey him in all things. In reply to this he had sent her a, remittance so. that shri was no longer crippled as to her actions. , Meantime she found in a healthy cottage at Hatnpstead a motherly woman with whom she thought she might safely place little Lisa for. a time, ?and, her bundle on one arm and the Doby on the other, she' walked quietly away without informing any one of her intentions or leaving any address behind. Nor was. it likely that she would be easily traced, since the name of Glen dinning had never been mentioned while she was under Mrs. Ellis's roof. On inquiries being made as to who she was, the, old. lady had invariably re plied that she wus a cousin" of her late husband; the reality being that she was her own niece. , Tl.'q inference then was that her; name,-- \yas.. Ellis, ; but. no one had known this for certain, while, the wedding-ring she always wore and.- old Mrs. Ellis's well-established charac ter for respectability, prevented any suspicion being, thrown oh that part of Lisbeth's life- which would in reality have touched her the nearest, - Even when - tho gossips found she was gone they coujd not " dispossess themselves of the idea that she would return to establish herself as mistress "of the City Road lodging-house, so im bued "were they with the notion that for this she had ' been working ever since she came there. ?! But when; several days passed and no /sign was received from .the, absent' Lisbeth and "no one crime to claim such property as Mrs. -Ellis, had left the lodgers were altogether bewil dered. Very true is it !that?thpse present in' the flesh are. often accounted sinners who when absent become saipts, Thus it, was with Lisbeth. " How. much more comfortable it would be to-- have a' mistress to the house, and she was a' tidy, decent young woman,' everything, would have worked so well under her guidance. Of course, some chatterbox had told? l.er what thoy had been saying, and that, was why she went away. How strange it was that, people could not keep their tongues between their .teeth," ' . This and much more of a like nature, was being repeated, over. -and-- over again- when someone chanced to buy a daily paper. Pennies were not so plentiful in ' the City-road establish ment as to rencler.'this-a usual- luxury. There was an advertisement in this paper.tliat fairly took away tho breath of - the first; person who iqhanced- on it..,.. \- A firm of lawyers who- had their offices in the neighborhood were adver tising for the next'of kin to Elizabeth Ellis — -born Glendinning. !. /, „ . Everyone wondered what would be the outcome of thus publicly- calling attention to affairs in " the ; City-road, and an event in connection witli it occurred much sooner than thoy ex pected.. - It was a miserable afternoon, a drizzling rain was fqljing' and it was growing dark, when,.. a ring at the door-bell that-awoke the echoes, pealed through the house and was imme diately followed by a loud single knock. . The person who was nearest at hand answered the summons, and without asking.any questions a niaii strode into tho passage. What do you: want?" 'demanded the woman who had opened the door, and'.- who was shrewish : and shrill of tongue. "My rights," was the torse reply. " Indeed," and what may they be f" ' Tliis 'ere place, belongs to me — her <ib- ie /land wne mi» eSetnti " inent brought -several of the other in mates who' had been listening . 011 the stairs forward to look at the new pro prietor..,; . ! . Ho wouid not., stand investigation and at the sa'iiio tiuiu' cbmmand con fidence. . ' He was an ill-looking inan of about fifty, with a shaggy- beard and long- unkempt hair: But the, most un pleasant . part'; of his face, was his eyes, .which- 'were bloodshot and savage, and, while? they looked you through and through, made you shud der, as you felt, there was no crime front, which, he . Would. .turn-, .if-. it were made worth whilb for him to'commit it. 'In clothes and. general appearanco lie was shabby genteel. He had no pretensions to being a, gentleman, but a't the same' time did not apparently belong to the dregs of the people. It gobs Without saying that the in-, mates of the City-rond lo'dging-house -were.- very, disinclined to accept this man as'a landlord, and wore strongly imbued -with tho idea that he was an impostor and a blackguard, who had been attracted by the advertisement, and was trying it on. (TO ME OO'NTiSUKD.) 