All Saints' bhuroh: '' 'The Whit ' Sunday - services at All - Saints' . Churoh -yesterday (were well- attended. . The newly ! appointed, organist, Mr. E. P. Jones, whose talents as a rising organist and ontlin- siusfao interest in all that relates to cliurch musio aro woll known, entered upon his duties, and accompanied with much taste and skill. Attwood'n beautiful arrangement of tho "Voni, Creator," was sung . in tho morning, the quartette being taken by Mrs. Robinson, Miss Bniloy, Mr, D. M'Gavin, mid Mr. F. Taylor. Tho anthem- at evonsong wus Sydenham's " Great is tho Lord." The sermon at matins, preached "by tho rector,' tho Rev. Canon Robinson, was' oil" " Whit Sunday as the birth day of tho Christian Cliuroh." ...At' evensong,.! the Rev. Cunon Robinson preached' from sActs iv. 32-36, and v._ 1-6, on. " Christianity iu Rolation to' Sooiolism." Ho questioned, tho aceuraoy of the general belief that Ananias and Sappliira were struck dead for telling a lio. Bofore the deceit of these two, communism was the rule— the universal rulo apparently— within tlio Christian fold. It wus not enforced. .Thoy would havo spoilt it nltogethor; 'hut it was practised freely as a natural consequence of n whole-hearted follow ing after Christ. But after the deceit of Ananias and Sapphire, communism ceased to bo tho rule — apparently it coused to exist. In- tlio very next chapter, they found another and altogether lbweri- state of . things — a sort .of Charity Organisation.. Society, in connection with tho .infant 'church— togothcr, nodoubt, : with ' all tho paltry greeds and grudges and impostures witpi, which thoy wore too familiar to-day. What .hocamo of the , primitive com- ' munism? ' It seemed not too muoh to say that Ananias and : Sapphira killed it hy ' their f also ' and saorilegious hypocrisy. Tho question oould not bo easily dooided as to whother tho com munism whioh at ' tho first was tho voluntary . rulo of Christiun living died a. violent or a natural death. Was it merely the acoident of a transition period, (wliich passed awaywijih tho- excoptionitl eirdumstauees out of wliioli it sprang, or was it the natural and proper out- eomo of'tlio Gospel on its sooial sido, whioh might perhaps have(.endurod oven until now had men been able to. walk worthy of their high calling? If they would find an answer to the question, thoy lied to'oonsidor vqry care fully tho sooial teaching '.of Christ as, recorded in the first three gospels. They wero told that " tlio people were astonished at Hie dootrino and ho ventured to 'say that tho real reasons why tho sooial teaching, of their Lord did uot astonish niid' staytlo them as they ' quietly- listened to it was oe'dause their -familiarity with it had bred, not iridced- contempt, hut' indif- ferenco: and becaltsa 'ivith a curious lawyer- like art- j they persuaded thomaolves . that tho obvious''" meaning of ' a Gospel saying was not its real ' meaning. Continuing, the preacher skid-: It ; seems us if, accord ing to the inexorable oporation of ' tho laws of political -economy under a By stem of unlimited competition, tho rioh grow ovor richer und tho poor grow daily poorer— tho gulf betwoon the noli and the poor seems ever widening — and the, poor uro moro - and mere conscious of it. (So many million souls are added poribdioally to our city popu lations; so many ; jnilliona are added to the multitudes who livo in. endless . tml.. and; die as .paupers ; bo' many more millions of women to suffer and to weep dU their lives ; ' so many more millions of ohildrcn to grow up in tho streets and. learn all too soon the vices and sorrows of adult life. And " tho moneybags" — tho " secrets of England's greatnoss" — they aro growing 'too. So many moro thousands to be olothed in purplo-and fine linen, and to fare sumptuously "every day — so much moro gold and silver to rust dud canker' and to eat into their flesh as it were firo. The nineteenth- oentury Ohristians eyidontly think that riohes Eavo the way to hedvon, and measure a'man's appiness hy his bank account. If wo would make an honest offort to roaliso tho depth of the golden rulo, and .having realised it tnon to livo by it, thero, would be-, nothing .left for tho sooial : reformer to. desire. Communism as a system' had but a brief existenoe in fiio early churoh, and whatever men hdvo tried since in tho way of communism' has failed. ' Why P Beoauso thoy couldnot, and thoy cannot now, truBtoneanotlior. Tho problem's of advanced civilisition uro begin ning to frighten 'us by their naked' ugliness ; wo are beginning to estimate tho results of Unlimited competiiioH — tile evils of a ruign of universal greed — we are alarmed ut tho hideous contruet between the professed principles aud the existing facts of Christian society. Boforo tho oyos of statesmen and ' political economists are tho unsolved problems : How can the lot of tho vast masses of tlio toilers of our country ho permanently mitigated? How give them a fairer share in the wealth of this new land of ours P How can we equalise thepressure of labour between those who enjoy and those who orente? How best provide work for tho inorcusing number of unemployed ? How do all this without injuring national prosperity, or under mining the. foundations of national credit? I venture to say that a purely secular socialism on humanitarian lines nover hun succeeded aud never will succeed. - The primitive socialism was based upon religious principles ; it was tho result of tho Pentecostal gift of tho Holy Ghost. So it must ho to-day. Humanity left to itself cannotimprovojiteannotrisoabovoitsown level. Just as in tho lowest realm, of nuture, organic comes into , touch with inorganic matter und gives it life ; just as the-highcr life of tho animal touohes tho lower vegetable growth and incor porates it into its own being, just us tho human life takes into itself tiie animal creation, so in liko manner it is in the highest sphere, the con tact with lifo mnst como ever from above, from Huh'who is tlio Lord und the Lifo-givcr. Tho Divino Lite must inspire all social movements if thoy are to prosper. Tho Spirit of God who imparts tho Divino humanity of tlio glorified Saviour must direct and rulo tho hearts of thoso who would dovote thcmsolves to tho social .benefit of men.. This, I think, is plain, that wo shall never find our way to. industrial pence, our way out of tho cruol conflicts wo know too weU, unless wo bring into play thoso moral motives, those religious convictions which lio behind tlio rights and interests of property, be hind tlio naked mechanism of the markets, and which spring from that brotherhood which makes iib nil' one in Christ Jesus. To tlio church, tho message seems to bo u word of warning to avoid the errors of tho punt ; to avoid every tiling liko the material and spiritual tyranny of an, aristocratic priesthood or of a centralised autooraoy ; to avoid tlio ovil of converting . tho commonwealth of tho church into u spiritual monarchy, ivhonce havo sprung manifold evils and errors; to avoid all alliance with -political parties or tlio interests of a class. There is also a call to witness over more and more to tho faotthat God gives to tho Cliurcli a messugo for; men — a gospel of good tidings, of "poaoo On earth" between the conflicting interests of oluss and elnss ; a gospel utterly and entirely opposed to that revolutionary: Bpirit which .proposee to right sboinl wrongs by schemes of coercion and con fiscation, by appeals to class selfishness, and V.S: .V" VV - -L vi:'. which emphasises tho claim of ono man to ho as ffood U8 his ncighboiir, instead of claiming for ln» brother rights .und privileges idontionl. with his own; und a gospol of .tho. -truo Christian socialism . whioh acts by raising the lower to tho standard of tho higher, not by dragging all down to ono dead lovol » a gospel which recognisca tho fact, too often ignored and forgotten, that all tho children of God aro, members ono of another. \ 