TEE LOVE OF GOD. [By Archdeacon Farrar, D.D.] "God is love." To the old world was given the dispensation of one God, unknown as yet in His Trinity, but known or partially known as the Universal Father. He lever left unre vealed either to Jews or to Gentiles His essen tial attribute of love. To all mankind there were always two sources .of reve lation from the .very beginning—Nature and . Conscience. St. . Paul says—" Be oause that which may be known of God is manifest in them, for God hath showed it unto them. For the invisible things of Him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even His eternal power and Godhead, so that they are without excuse." And besides this revelation of God in nature they had the revela tion of conscience, the law written in their hearts, " their thoughts, one with another, ac cusing or else - excusing them." St Paul told the Athenians also that even their own heathen poets had. come to know that we are all God's offspring. Besides what might be learnt from God from His work without and His voice within, the Jews had a nobler and a fuller. revelation. It had been the mission of Moses to teach them that God waB the Lord—"the Lord God, merciful and gracious, long- suffering and abundant in good ness and truth, keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin." And if, he adds, God will by no means dear the guilty, the most ignorant among them could not fail to see . that what we call God's wrath or God's enmity is but another form of his meroy—His one object iB to save man from sin, the only terrible enemy which he has to fear. Even more clearly did God reveal Himself to the prophets and posts of Israel as a God of love, ready to pardon, slow to anger, and of great kindness. In the utterances of those mighty moral teachers, even amid their strong denunciations of apostasy there breathed the spirit of infinite tenderness. "Can a woman forget her suck ing child, that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb 1 Yea they may forget, yet will I not forget thee.. Behold I have graven thee upon the palms of my bands so wrote Isaiah the messages of God. "Like as a father pilieth. his children, so the Lord pitieth them that fear Him,'-' bo Bang the Psalmist. " Doubtless Thou art our Father, though Abraham be ignorant of us, and Israel acknowledge us not: Thou O Lord, art our Father, our Redeemer; Thy name is from ever lasting." So again sang Isaiah. The one main/lesson of all the prophets is that remark thrice quoted, from Isaiah, "I will have mercy and noil sacrificeand that glorious passage of Micah, "He hath Bhowed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the Lord require of thee but to do justly and to love mercy and to walk humbly with thy God!" . It is remarkable that though all nature, all conscience, all experience, all Scripture are full of the love of God towards us, man con tinually refuses and .disbelieves the revelation, and conceives of God only through the distort ing medium of his own hate. God has never left Himself without witness, but it has been in vain. ■ In vain hath He sent us rain from heaven and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness; in vain does He make his sun to shine on the evil and on the good and sendeth his rain upon the just and upon the unjust; in vain has he given us a world wrapt round with sweet air and bright with sunshine and abounding with knowledge; in vain Has he crowned the year with His goodness and en riched our lives with friendship and love and home—in spite of all, man- in well-nigh all his idols has deified his own worst pas sions; he has made his gods hideous and sanguinary and degraded like the Shiva of India, the gods of New Zealand, and the foul demons of. Africa and all the loathing deities we see at a thousand reoking altara offered up by terror Stricken and, self-tortured men. And even the Jews—"people of His pasture and sheep of "His hand"—turn from Him their Lord and Master again and again in the valley of Hinnom to lay their children on the sloping brazen armB of Moloah and see tbem writhe in the burning furnace at that grimy idol's feet—"They loved not and there fore they knew not God." And so since, the nations of mankind groping after God had failed to find Him in spite of all His merciful revelations, then in due time God sent forth His Son. In that Son, our Lord Jesus Christ, God stands revealed for ever in all love's perfectness. It was a love whose depth of riches, whose length, whose breadth, whose height we can never fully under stand. "Herein is love, not that we loved. God, but that He loved us, and sent His Son to be the propitiation for our sins." Truly .that is a love whioh passeth knowledge. lb is a love deeper than any had ever loved; it was a-love for those whom none had ever loved ; it was a love for earth's lowest, most fallen, most despicable, most despised.; it was a love for the heathen, though they were degraded and down trodden, and His love oame to elevate even them info perfect' honor and perfeot brotherhood. Poverty was trampled on, and Christ came to uplifb the lowest state of the poor; childhood was wronged and Christ came to fling the desecrators of its innocence with a millstone round their neoks into the sea; differences of religious opinion were anathematised, and I Christ ohose the hated heretical and schismatical Samaritan as His example of the great commandment; publi oans were execrated, and Christ was a friend of publicans; the criminal classes were loathed, and Christ received sinners and ate with them. He pardoned the adultress as she lay at His feet, a dishevelled mass of infamy on the Temple floor; He suffered the penitent harlot to wash His feet with her tears and wipe them witb the hairs of her head ; He touched the eyes of the blind and they saw; He touched the ears of the deaf and they were unstopped; He touched the tongues of the dumb and they sang His praises. Even the lepers, most loathed of - the loathed, most miserable of the miserable, at His word recovered new life—He touched and cleansed them. The Spirit of God annointed Him to preaoh good tidings to the poor, to heal the broken hearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, to seb ab liberty, them that were bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. My friends, could God have made it more clear than His love and that the marks of God our Saviour were goodness and kindness? He was full of grace, He preaohed love, He was love; He loved the outcast. He loved the sick, He loved the little ones. He loved all who suffered. He came to teach honor from God to all whom men oppressed, glory to God from all whom men despised, and that man's burdensome, complicated religionism might not suoceed in consigning to endless perdition all mankind ex cept its own cliques'. He loved sinners also. The oalm unfathomable ocean of His love was never swept into storm except against pride, pretension, and hypocrisy. He denounced nothing but the jealousy of Pharisees, the oppressiveness of soribes, the callous selfish ness of those who would fain .break the bruised reed and quenoh the smoking flax. The epitome of all His life was that He went about doing good and healing all that were bruised. His new commandment wa3 "Love one another as I have loved you." He placed love ev6n above religion, for He bade us leave the altar and the sacrifice till we are re conciled to our brother, and he said that to love God and to. love our brother was more than all burnt offerings and sacrifice. Surely, then, now, if ever, and now at last now that He had so loved the world that He had sent unto them His Son, not to condemn the world, but that the world through Him might have life—surely now, if ever, now at last, the world would learn and would in a transport of adoring gratitude believe that God is love. Was it so V The Gospels give answer. Men loved darkness rather than light because their deeds were evil. He came to His own and His own received Him not; He came to a scrupulous religious world, and that religious world, because he rejected their dogmas and their observances; because He toldthem that in vain did they worship Him, teaching for doctrines the command ments of men ; because His type of godlinesB was love and not Phariseeism, that religious world called him a Samaritan, as it has called many of its noblest saints, said He had a devil and was bad, denounced Him as a blasphemer and nailed Him.to His cross of shame. Yet surely after He: had risen from the dead the world—at least the Christian world—would be able to see in Him that God is Love; for whatever may he the forms which Christianity has since assumed He left the simplest of all religions, of which the very essence-' was simple love. Alas ! even His Church very soon forgot and overlaid the lesson. While-the Church was persecuted, while the Church was poor, before emperors had laid their tainted hands upon the cross, before the wordly spirit of greed and pomp had invaded her bishops, before the spiritual simplicity of the Gospel was made turbid with floods of Gnostio asceticism and burdensome with worship, before those days, I say, the Church had taught with one voice that tolerance was a duty, and that force was a thing hateful to the God of Love. . But men lost sight of the whole meaning of that truth 'when Christians in their turn becoming powerful had become persecutors. Prom that dav forward their con science, further deadened by hideout dream3 of endless torments for all excepting a fraction of mankind, the Church began, do think that God would be pleased with anathemas and denunciations, with the torture-room and' the dungeon, the stake and the gibbet, the thumbscrew and the rack; Even Christian art catching the spirit of Jbon dage and of fear became a witness how fright fully even the Church in her . nominal repre sentatives had forgotten that Cod is love. Under their very crucifixes they found nothing- better to paint than a gaping and a flaming hell, full of souls hideously tormented. . Christ became to them in His prominent conception a merciless avenger, less tender by far than human saints. Look at the picture of " The Last Judgment" by Michel Angelo, in the Sistine Chapel at Rome. There Christ, a wrathful Hercules, His hand armed with ten thousand thunders, is hurling down His adversaries before Him in flaming ruin, and turns tempestuously away from the human mother who pleads with Him in vain. A work of Rubens reveals a yet deeper and more shameful degradation of the con ception of the. Lord of Love. There Ctirist stops short in the tempestuous fury of destruction, not because He loves even sinners, not because. for them He be came man, not because for them He died, not even because the virgin pleads for them, but He spares them at the intercession of St. Pranois of Assisi. That was what the Church became with its million sacraments, its popes, and priests, and intermediaries of all kinds thrust between the soul and its Cod, a distant deity, an absent Saviour. Humanity'was offered as fuel for the flame, the Saviour of the world was perverted into an object of superstitious terror, and endowed with a heart less tender than that of the begging friar. So was Christendom overshadowed with the horror of great darkness. Yet, alas, 'Romanism Lad not an open monopoly of perversion. Protestants also in their systems of theology represented God far more as hate than love. Calvinism talked of Him raging in His wrath, even against chil dren, spoke of them as little vipers. Read Jonathan Edwards' of Boston's "Fourfold State," and see whether even the Christian, even the religious world, has in any way expelled Moloch from its conceptions of God. No! Men havd not got be yond that conception of God whose name is love, and Who revealed the infinity of His love in His Son, Jesus' Christ our Lord. And yet, if in God the Father and God the Son we have, the perfect revelation that God.is love, we have so no less clearly in God. the Spirit; And yet ttre merciful Spirit of God, although it3 ever-bearing witness with our spirit that we are the son3 of God, has been misunderstood. We are bidden not to grieve that Holy Spirit, because by Him we are sealed unto the day of Redemption. We are told the Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are sons of God, we are told that He is the Comforter—that is the strengoheuer—the Spirit of Love and Grace and Peace, that He helpeth our infirmities, that he maketh inter cession for us with groaning} that cannot be uttered ; and yet beoause there is one passage in Soriptura whioh speaks of blasphemy against the Holy Ghost, . which shall nob be forgiven, men have by thousands turned the thought of ' God's merciful Spirit into mere terror. I suppose ' there are few clergymen who have not come across parsons helplessly terrifying themselves into madness by the fancy that they have been guilty of the unpardonable sin. My brethren, every ain i3 an unpardonable sin until it be re pented of, and the sin whioh persistently and defiantly hates God and calls evil good, every, sin which' willingly puts darkDess for light and light ifor; darkness, every sin which willingly sells' itself to do evil is an utter abnegation of the spirit of love, and is. therefore death, and is therefore corruption. But this at least is certain—no man who is sorry for sin, no man who comes to Christ for for giveness, no man who flies for refuge to the hope Bet before him, can have committed a sin against the Holy Ghost, for Christ flung wide open the golden gates of repen tance when he gave that most gracious epitome of all that is most tender in revelation, the parable of the Prodigal Bon, and He flung those gates wide open when He said, " Come unto me all ye that are weary and heavy laden, and I will give you rest, and him that bometh unto Me I will in no wise cast out." God,' then, is love, the Father is love, the Bon is love, the Holy Ghost is love, and it His exceeding love towards wretches such as we are does not. win us what will? Let Baal worshippers gash _ themselves before their altars, but God desires in us not the spirit of fear but the spirit of love. "Perfect love casteth out fear, because fear hath torment." If we do not learn that God is love we defy all His teaching. He teacbeth us all the works of His love by the Word of His love, by the Spirit of His love. One thing, and one thing only, can effectually darken that love, and that is sin wilfully and willingly persisted in, and that is why God hates siD, sin against knowledge and light, sin cherished persistently and habitually that indeed doe3 not separate the love of God from us, it separates us from the love of God. Sin to be forgiven must be, by His freely offered grace, forsaken. We must choose between sin and God, between sin which is our destruction and God which is our life; and if we choose God which is life and come to Christ that in Him .we may have eternal life, and cease to resist the strivings of the spirit which He sheds abroad in our hearts, crying Abba Father^ then there is no one soul here so bad, so abject, so fallen, so smitten with moral-leprosy as to be beyond the reaoh of God'e mercy. To every one of us for the degraded past there is forgiveness, for the blighted, present there is strength, for the fearful looking forward to the darkened future there is hope cud peace. Human theology has too often made the dootrine of the Trinity bristle with anathemas—let us father make it ring with hallelujahs; human theology has too often darkened it with masses of obscure definitions—let ua enlighten it with the glory of holy lives. Creation, re demption, sanctification—that is the meaning of the Trinity. He that would be saved muse think of the Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, one in love—that is the Catholic faith. All these messages of mercy are com prised in the certain truths which wo have considered, truths which all revelation teaches, truths which it seems to be the iuetinot alike of all man's religion and of his irreligion to obsoure and to reject, the central and sufficient truths of all Christianity that God ■ i3 near us, and that God is love. And from this truth, in conclusion, BpringB also all our duty. Love is the fulfilling of the law; he thab lovebh his neighbor hath fulfilled the law. All true worship, all true service reduces itself to that. He asks no-taper lights on high, surrounding the priestly altar or the saintly grave, no dolorous ohant, no organ music, nor incense clouding up the twilight— Not such the seivice tho bemgoant Father Requireth, at His earthly children's hands, Not the poor offering of vain rites, but rather The simple duty man from man demands. O, brother man, fold to thine heirt thy brother, Where pity dwells the love of God Is there, To worship'rightly is to love eaoh other, Each smile on him, eaoh kindly deed a prayer. ■ The 0Dly: question we ask is this, whethei God is guiding the raoe or not. If Ho guides it then it js on its way to good and nob to evil, —Jb. W. Jttoberfison. 