Jim's Yarn and Its Sequel. [FOR THE MINER -BY FRANK] FLANNIGANS "pub." stood on the rise of a hill a little distance from an old and well-worn road, fronted by some giant gum trees, whose huge trunks bore the marks of frequent encounters with wind and weather, and whose hoary branches met overhead, forming a sort of rural arcade leading up to the verandah, which ran three parts round the house. An old signboard hung over the door setting forth in very irregular characters- giving ample testimony of having been written by an unpractised hand-that cheap accommodation could be had within, and also that the best of liquor only was kept. Its proprietor was a jovial little man who had gained amongst the " bushies" who had frequented it the reputation of being a jolly good sort. His appearance was not calculated to inspire anybody ; but he had a clever knack of introducing little pleasantries into his conversation, which made a talk with him enjoyable. He knew the country and its possibilities, and nearly all of the owners of stations round about, so that any new hand got all the information concerning the place, and knew all about his boss long before he went to serve him-a circumstance which was more conducive to the boniface's popularity than any other. On cold winter nights the country folk loved to meet under the friendly roof, there to crack their jokes, spin their yarns, and drink their grog ; but in summer, when it was almost intolerable to be indoors, they would sit on the verandah with their pipes enjoying the freshness of the gentle breeze which usually set in after sunset. It was on one of these occasions, when four or five persons, were thus sitting, that Flannigan, knocking the ashes from his third pipe, called for a story. " Come, Jim," he said, looking toward a burly bushman-who seemed to be taking life very comfortably in a low canvas chair, with his legs lazily out- stretched, one foot over the other, and his muscular arms folded across his expansive chest-"Come, Jim, you can tell us something in the way of a yarn, can't ye ?" "Can try," responded Jim languidly raising himself from his recumbent position into a sitting posture. " Well, give it lip," replied Flannigan, " we're all attention-even to 'Nipper,' the dog." Jim was one of those, men who loved to narrate their own experiences (or, more properly speaking, those they conceived to be their own). In his early days he had been a bit of a scholar, but the ups and downs of bush life, and frequent contact with unlettered men, had robbed him of much of the grammar he had learned at school, and caused him to adopt the incorrect style of speaking in common use. "Twas about a year ago,"began Jim, "that me and my mate, Braggs, was out West doing odd jobs-when we could get 'em-that we spotted an old hut that had been deserted. Well, we put up there, as it was Saturday night, and we'd had a devilish long tramp that day, I can tell you, over as rough a bit of country as has ever been my lot to clap eyes on. Besides, next day being Sunday, and we being fairish Christians, we wished to observe the Sabbath by lying in and taking it comfortable like- after the style of the city chaps, who thank God for the day for that reason, if for no other. " Well, we boiled our billy, had a snack and a pipe, and fixed ourselves up for the night, thinking as how we'd have pleasant dreams. "But we were never more mistaken in our lives. Perhaps it was 12, or perhaps it was 1. Having pawned my 'ticker' at the last town we passed through, I couldn't quite say what time it was. Braggs touches me, and, says he, frightened like, and in a trembling voice, 'Jim, can't ye see it ?' " ' See what, man?' said I. " 'That,' says he. "'What?' said I. " 'A ghost, Jim-a ghost; and no mistake on it.' "'Garn, Braggs,' says I; 'garn with you. You've got 'em again through that bottle of bad rum you got outside of Mrs. Mulligan's shanty.' " ' You're wrong for once,' says Braggs, just a trifle snappish. 'You're wrong for once ; but, as you don't believe me, just use your peepers and look for yourself. Sh- Look ! Here it comes now !' "And, sure enough, 'it' did come, setting me and Braggs all of a shiver, for it looked so white and miserable. "It stood for fully five minutes looking at us so pitifully and distressed like that my fears took wings, and I made bold to speak of it ; but before I could part my lips the thing had vanished, and we were once more alone. "Soon it came back, again, and this time, not feeling so ' dicky' as I had done at its first appearing, I took stock of it proper and no mistake. lt was a half- caste girl that I saw, or rather the ghost of one-pale, deadly pale, but beautiful, with a baby clasped close to her breast, and on her forehead I saw, or thought I saw, something which seemed to spell 'Murder' in letters bold and deep. Like as not it was fancy-perhaps it was fancy ; but whether it was or wasn't, it had a wonderful sequel as strange as any I know of, not forgetting Mr. Fisher's ghost. "The next night was wet, cold, and miserable. We had a pretty good fire burning, and were talking over the previous night's apparition, when in walks a pale, sickly-looking man, dressed after the style of a priest. We were both surprised beyond all telling, but we set to and made him as comfortable as we could do under the circumstances. "We didn't mention the ghost to him, though we sat and chatted for a long time, thinking as how it would be a good proof to test its reality if he saw it for himself; so we went, to bed, or rather 'dossed ' on the floor, rolled snug in our blankets, and slept-leastways I know I did, but I ain't so sure about the priest, who at the first start off seemed to be very restless, as if he were thinking of his sins (as, indeed, he was). "All of a sadden there was a crashing peal of thunder, and I awoke to hear the wind blowing through the branches of some tallish gum trees hard by the hut and the rain splashing and dashing on the roof. But that wasn't all I heard neither. It was something that startled me far more than, the wind or the rain did; it was the priest a-cryin', and a-moanin', and a-talkin' to himself all at once. At any rate, that's how it appeared to me. Braggs didn't hear him. Nothing could wake that beggar, splinter me if it would. Like as not they'll have to kick up a devilish big shindy at the Judgment Day to rouse him, 'cos I'll take my solemnest he won't turn out unless. Never saw such a lad for bunk all my life; Why, he loves it with a love beyond all compre- hension. "For a good time I was rather in the dark regarding what the priest was dreaming about, 'cos I made certain he was dreaming, from his acting so strange. All at once I managed to grasp the gist of his talk, and guessed by the straight way it ran that he was awake and knew what he was saying. I can't mind all that he said now, but it was something like this - ' My God, to think it should come to this; I, who was so well brought up ; to think that I should have done such a thing, and she so pure and good. It is all too terrible to bear ; it seems almost too impossible to have happened,' He was just about to say something more when Braggs woke, saying, in a hoarse whisper, 'Look! look ! here comes the ghost-last night's ghost.' "Braggs' words produced a big effect on the priest, for he started to his feet with a cry, and stood trembling like a leaf, gazing the while fixedly at the ghost. He stood for a minute like that, then he fell all in a heap to the ground, and went into a dead faint, to bring him out of which it took a solid hour. When he came to himself, Braggs asked him what made him ' take on ' so. " 'It was what I saw,' said the priest, wiping the cold sweat-from his forehead with his handkerchief. "'And what did you see?' asked Braggs. " He hesitated for a moment and then said: ' I saw the image of one I once knew, still love, and once betrayed, clothed in the semblance of a ghost, and if you both promise secrecy, I'll undertake to tell you all about it. I must tell somebody. Perhaps it will ease my mind slightly to tell it to you.' " Well, we promised, and sat down to listen, full up to the brim of curiosity, wanting to have the mystery explained. " I came here about two years ago,' said the priest. ' My mission was among the blacks. I had to get from among them as many converts to our faith as I could, and had also to attend to the spiritual needs of the settlers scattered hereabout. This I did, and my labors were blessed with success from all quarters.' " ' The last of my converts was a half- caste girl, to whom I took a very great fancy ; for, fight against my feelings as I would, I could not restrain my sinful appetite, despite my holy calling and my good up-bringing. The girl loved me indeed ; had done so from the first, which made the effecting of my diabolical purpose the more easy-which was simply to betray her into sinning against her own soul. Now, you must both know that, according to our faith, priests are forbidden to marry, so that I found myself in a terrible dilemma, out of which it was almost impossible to extricate myself. Everywhere I went the girl would follow me, and the few friends I had made began to think something was amiss, but were afraid to say so ; indeed, I was beside myself, fearing that detection was inevitable-which, of course, would mean dismissal and disgrace.' "Before this last thought my spirit quailed, and made it necessary for me to come to an immediate conclusion. ' Kitty,' I said to the girl one night as we sat secretly together under this very roof- ' Kitty, I love you very much, and would marry you if I could ; but I am forced to leave you-to leave you, my child, for ever.' 'Take Kitty with you, Father,' she pleaded, flinging one arm round my neck-' Take Kitty with you, and let us be happy together.' 'I cannot, dear child,' I said, ' I really wish I could (and so I did at the time : she looked so pathetically beautiful) ; but I cannot, as priests of the Holy Church must not marry.' 'Take the child then, Father,' she said pointing to the image of what I ought to have been on my knee-' Take the child, then ; you won't quite forget poor Kitty.' 'If l could take the child, I would take Kitty to nurse it,' I replied ; ' but I can't take either of you.' When at last she saw through my duplicity and cunning, she became desperate, and said she would tell my friends ; in short, do whatever she could think of by way of retaliation for what I had done. She knew now that I had traded on her simplicity ; she fully comprehended the fact that I intended leaving her. This latter only made her the worse, for, as I have said before, she loved me, and would have liked me to have lived with her always. All my arguments, no matter how well they would have appeared to anybody else, fell flat on this child of Nature. She recognised now what I really was ; hence her desperation. Momentarily possessed of a devil, I drew a revolver, and shot them both. Then, appalled by what I had done, and fearful of consequences, I seized an old spade that stood in that corner', (pointing with his forefinger to the far corner of the room) ' and with my sacerdotal hands dug a shallow grave at the entrance to this hut, and laid them both in it-those two whom God will at the last day force me to own as my wife and child. My friends, if they thought or suspected anything, kept their conjec tures to themselves ; but most of them, I think, believed the story I told them, which was that Kitty had gone off into the bush with a nomadic tribe.' "The priest finished speaking, and we all three sat silent for a time listening to the beating of our own hearts, when he rose and shook both our hands, saying, as he did so, ' Secrecy, boys, secrecy. Mind you keep your promise.' Then, crossing the threshold of the hut, he vanished into the night, and we saw him no more. " I can't say where he is now ; maybe he is preaching to the sinner in some stately cathedral, bidding him repent and save his soul. If so, I wonder if the image of the half-caste girl ever rises before his eyes, bidding him save his own first." Flannigan rose, and, taking a glass in each hand, with a view to replenishing them, said, " Fairish yarn of yours, Jim. Mighty pathetic in some parts, too. But I'll tell you what that is now, that chap may have been a parson or a rabbi, but I'll take my Bible oath he wasn't a priest." "Perhaps not,' said Jim, relighting his short black pipe preparatory to going home. 'Perhaps not. All I know is that he said he was one.' " 