NOW FIRST PUBLISHED IN AUS- TRALIA. (ALL RIGHTS DESERVED BY THE AUTHOR.) MURDERED AT MID-DAY. A GIRL WITH THREE LOWES. A TALE OF COUNTS GALWAY, SUMMARY OF FIRST FIVE CHAPTERS. BY SKIPP BORLASE. The story opens in Ireland, at the Galway Hunt Ball, of which Kathleen O’Connor and Norah Dillon are the rival belles. Both love Patrick Desmond, the genial, generous, and improvident young squire of Bollyyally* and Nomb thinks sho has the most right, to him because they arc cousins, and have been daily companions ftoro their earliest childhood. Ho, however, loving her as a sister, pibes to make Kathleen 'O’Connor bis wife,' and lia* won her consent, provided that he can obtain her mother’s also. Mrs. O’Connor*, on the other band, is determined that her daughter shall marry Sir John Berkeley, of Garhragb, a wealthy .Englishman, who has aoqniroaa large estate close by, and bos proved himself a very bard landlord, for though nofte can complain of injustice on bis part, no onO oin say that bo hovbas over tempered justice, with mercy, ilo is a man. In short, who, though not In the!east understanding?tbe Irish character* is more hated than bo perhaps deserves, He !s now on tbo;poinb of departing with his regiment for tho 'Crimea, being major id a crock cavalry corps, and is going to leave his younger and only brother George* a pale faoed student with a clubfoot, temporary master of GararagU. Now, George "Berkeley loves his brother Sir John, but ho loves Kathleen O’Connor much more, whom the baronet, never suspecting him to bo possessed of such a feeling,, bogs him to guard and protect during bis absence from the only rival whom bo fears, Fat Desmond. Here then, wo have ajgl'rl with three lovers, which circumstance hasgiven the second title to our tale. . Norah Dillon, daring tho progress, of tho ball, grows to hate Kathleen O’Coanof for her superior loveliness, and because Desmond’s eyes are always following v her. Kathleen mother, however, has forbidden' h6r to engage herself for more than two dadoes, and those' square ones, with him during; the evening, but to givo Sir John Berkeley as many os ho desires, Kathleen, during the evening* tells Bir Jobn in a conservatory the real state of her. feelings, and beseeches him to press bis suit no longer. In reply, ho assures her that noW bo is more determined (ban over ,to wed her,' and for her sake oven more than his own, because Patrick Desmond is riding post haste to ruin. Ho adds that, her mother knows which .man of the two will pinko her the host husband, and that be will bo quite content to win. her. love after they Ore married, If she will not let him do it before, rather than she shall shipwreck her whole future. In chapter three Kathleen finds an oppor tunity of telling Patrick Desmond of her vain appeal to the English baronet's generosity and magnanimity, ana that She bolds her mother fa 100 much awe to openly oppose her wishes. Failing to givo her that necessary degree of courage, Pat goes away to.a refreshment room, and woes comfort - from a whisky decanter. Ho is thud engaged when bo observes Sir John Berkeley and bis brother George coming down the long, passage to 'tho apartment wherein ho .is for the moment album Knowing that he will not ho able to meet the baronet face to toee, after the stimulant ho has just swallowed, without having an open rupture with him, at vyhich ho tools that Kathleen wbuhhbo much annoyed, ho slips behind a heavy window curtain, 1 believing that after, they have had a glass. :pf win? together tho brothers will return to the ballroom. Instead fit that, ho wo ror, they sUqd at - tho buflfot talking of him, - and in such on insulting manner that it anuses bis blood to boil. To reveal himself he knows would bo to look like n fool, so he has ho choice hut to stay* and liiton to all their hue sobornus for preventing Inm from marrying tho girl whom, bo loves, wad who, hb is well aware, loves him In tt&ara..; Consequently, directly they depart, he leaves tho Assembly-rooms, . almost mad with rage and indignation, and' seeks bis inn \- and his horse, determined that ho will waylay Sic John Berkeley pn his road homo to Garuragfa. and that one dr other of them shall not live to see thd' suh rise. All this while, George Berkeley, jlbokfog on at tho/ dancing, Which ■ bis .club-foot prevents him from joining ui, wonders how. {almost hating himself the' while tot* ’wishing It) bo shall bo •hie to win Kathleen G’Cdriiior away frohp lift brother whilst he is absent at the wars. Chapter four desoribes; how the, ball ends, and (he two Berkeloys-seo Kathleen and her mother home. Sir John .there hade a long farewell to his nfQanccd. hrldo, axd with Goorgo took hocsoi hack to Gorurogb, Hardly has ho reached thd, _ oonfl df his wide ««Utos, whan-they heboid outsida. tbo door of a miserable cabin a corpse laid out on a raised plank; with open right hand soliciting alms to jiay For its own burying (no uncommon sight in tho west of Ireland thirty years ago, or in Switzerland at the present day). Sir John dismounts, and places a fistful of loose silver in the,open palm; bat the weight causes (ho ; dead, hand to slip down, the money falls' to tho ground, and a woman at tho same instant .rushing out of tho' hut, imd ; recognising tho alms-giver, declares that her dead husband rightly-rejected the offering of hi4 murderer, for that it was oho of-Sir John’s gamekeepers who shot him, dead for trapping a' pheasant, wherewith to sustain the breath of life in their starving children. Sir John professes deep regret for tho occurrence, and promises that the widow and tho orphans shall bo duly cared for. But tho woman will'accept of nothing from his hands, and in her character of a local prophetess, or wise woman, fore tells his future in the following words, to wit— that one is at that moment waiting to shed his blood; that tho girl bo murdered at God’s very altar; arid that bis brother whom ho trusts (and how long will bo trust him, she effects scornfully to wonder), will bo 'suffocated beneath the enrolling bog of Ardraohr, owing bis death to his connivance, if nb,t to.'bis very band, &c.; In chapter . five,, finding that the excited creature will neither bo comforted nor assisted, the two brothers , ride on, when lo! at the -first tarn of tho road, the wise woman’s first prediction becomes verified, for there is tho young Irish squire, Pat Desmond, sitting'on horseback, pistol in hand, waiting his rival’s, appearance. When Sir John Berkeley comes up with him ho offers him tho other bolster pistol,, and insists upon a duel to tho death, but Sir John gbod-tomporedly declares that as the challenged party bo has the choice of weapons,, and.their stout hunting whip will make far bettor ones than pistole. Desmond at last consents to this mode of settling the dispute, and in a fow minutes is knocked stunned and bleeding from.bis saddle to the ground. Sir John then rides homewards, bidding his broher stay behind and bring .Pat Doamoud to his senses with tho help of bis brandy flask. Having succeeded in this, George remounts, and overtakes. bis brother as be is passing- the Hog of Ardmpbr, whoso' inky flood, after remaining quiescent- for imaay years, is said to, have commenced to roil afresh, at tho rate of a yard or so an hour. Tho next morning Sir John Berkeloy joins Tua regiment and starts for tho Crimes, leaving his brother George tho- protector of bis betrothed, and. as tho latter believes and hopes, the arbiter of her destiny. CHAPTER- XI (Continued.) “No you won’t though,” thought bold, blue-eyed Norah to herself. “No, you won’t, blundering Pat, for I’m as fond of you as you are of her. You called me your little wife when I was five years old and you’ll havs to keep your troth ere you are five-and twenty. Pah, I can pull you up with the curb already, and Pll be able to gnide you with a snaffle, aye or oven with a skein of silk, before the world is month older. Rather than I'd lose you, Pat, I’d kill that girl, aye, and for that matter you as well 1” CHAPTER XIT. Before Sir John Berkeley loft Casheen Cottage that morning -Kathleen-O’Connor, painfully remembering all the reasons which her mother had brought forward at the breakfast-table for her doing so (whilst every look that she gave heir in the baronet’s presenco was a pleading reminded of her disclosures thereat),, had not only promised that she would marry her soldier suitor,-but had even been per suaded by him to fix the day, and one scarcely a month distant. There arc times and situations wherein people of a certain temperament ex perience a kind of pleasure in making martyrs t of themselves, and tho sight of Pat -Desmond and Norah Dillon riding; .together, with tho erroneous de ductions which she had drawn therefrom, had put Kathleen very much into that frame of. mind --:r-w \- Blr/John, shrewd man of the world that he was, couldn’t help but see that Kathleen had consented to become his wife with more of repugnance than of pleasure, but he entertained the comfort able conviction that girls of her age seldom or never knew what was good for them, and that she would grow re-' signed'to, and perfectly satisfied with her fate, as soon os ever she realised how much it had bettered her material position. “When a girl has got well out of her teens, love in a cottage dbom’t sound half so attractive as drees, jewels, horses, carriages, and to be called ‘my lady.’ In less than a year Ka'hleen will be thank ful that she has become ray wife, and then it will be all smooth sailing over summer sens for the both of us,” wore the kind of reflections that,he indulged in ns ho drove homewards towards Garuragb in a hired bar from the Clanricardo Arms a couple of hours later ; and they made him so contented, both with himself and with the world in general, that ho was quite ready to forgive his brother Gnorgo for “attempting to cut him out and win his pretty Kathleen from himaye, oven to treat, what a few hours ago ho had viewed as a most despicable and dishonor able action, in the sense of a very excel-, lent joke. an easy matter for the winner to forgive in such a case, but what about the loser ? In a very brief while now Sir John Berkeley will be better qualified to answer that question. George Berkeley didn’t show up to receive bis jerother on his return home nor did ho even enter an appearance at the dinner, table, ' Sir John sent a servant to seek him, the bearer of a scrap of paper whereon ho had hastily written /‘Come along, old fallow. Don’t hear malice, for I assure you that oh my side j all is forgiven, and will soon be for> gotten. I’m tho happiest . man in the world, and .can’t endure tho thought that there is anyone miserable under the same roof with me.” Presently the servant returned with an answering communication, evidently a leaf torn out of a pocket book, whereon was scrawled rather than written { — “Be happy as long as you can. As it h at my expense I cannot share or sympathise with your joy. What an : egotist you must bo to expect such a thing. I will come and have a quiet chat with you in the, Hbary, after you have dined!— : G B ” , “Well, of all the uubrothorly brothers,” exolaimcd the baronet with an oath, as ho pitched the ungracious communication at the back of the fire; but as he sat down alone at the well spread board, a smile stole over his face whilst be reflected j; — “Ah, woM, I might have felt just as bitter had I played for so high a stake and lost it—especially towards the winner,” and then ho positively shuddered and turned pale us the safcuahino conviction forced itself upon him ;~“Yns, I do believe that ! should have killed him, bad he succeeded in winning her from me ” : The thought, or rather the fear, takpri in conj ucotion with his brother’s’conduct, fairly spoilt his appetite for dinner, and gvhurrying it over, he was only to glad to exchange the vast and gloomy dining room (gloomy at least whom only one whs at table), for (ho particularly coiy library, where ho knew that ho should! fur iporo enjoy his half bottle v of old pojrt; and a cigar, \,^ sitting there very ion£ when the door opened and George in/attfred in immaculate evening drgsp, but with his face every bit as white as ms collar, 1 tie and gleamii g expanse of shirt front. Though so deathly pale, however, fear was evidently not 'the cause for his features, oven to his 'lips, wore as firm ns though they had been chiselled out of marble. On his entry Sir John rose from* his chair, arid cordially hold out his hand; but George, whilst clasping both his own behind his back, said:— * . [ “No—no—not now —though presently, j perhaps. It depends altogether upon how you accept my peace overtures." “You silly fellow, it is for me to make ! pence v overtures. Yet when I’ve apologised for pitching you into the lough, [as I now do, surely we may drop all un pleasantness, and sit down and chat and smoke toge'her. in perfect amity like brothers whoJ.have , been long parted V* answered Sir John in a gently chiding tone. ‘•We can do nothing of the kind until we’ve finally settled- which of us -is to marry Kathleen O’Connor; or rather, until I have convinced you that it wbtild be in eVety way better—aye, for all parties—that I should' marry her.” \- “It seems to mo I shall want a deal or convincing, before I shall be able to view that matter through your spectacles. George,” answered Sir John banteringly, yet with a gleam in his eyes which the younger brother should have noted* and regarded as a danger signal. Having thu B raised an abattis, as it were, between himself and the obolerio soldier, George Berkeley set himself to answer biB last remark, which he did ia a piece inviting manner by saying : “John, there’s no denying that you’ve been a confoundedly good brother to me all my life long, and don’t think that I’m ungrateful on that score because I’m not, indeed I hope to convince you presently to the contrary. Yet, despite that, I’m determined to marry Kathleen O’Connor, and for three reasons. Firstly, for that 1 love her better than yot do ; secondly, because she likes me better than she does you (though truth to tell she doesn’t care much for either of us), and, thirdly, by .reason that I should, her a better husband than you would, and conse quently a happier wife, and I can assure you that Kathleen’s future happiness is a very great and grave > consideration with mo, John." “By Jove ! and so it is with me," laughed .the baronet. “May I ask you, Master George, what makes you imagine that you could make Kathleen happier that I could 1" ' “Well, I should let her have her own way in almost everything, and let me tell you that a high- spirited girl like that wants her own way a great deal, and will fret and pine if she is deprived of it. She is a young eagle, is Kathleen, and you would make a cagod canary of her. She would beat her very heart out against the golden wires of your cage, that I am sure of, John.” The young man spo.ke so earnestly the elder brother restrained his strong inclination to laugh for fear of hurting what was evidently very deep feelings. He, however, made unswer : “Were you ns weil acquainted with the women as I am, you would know that not one in a hundred ia either happier or better for having her own way to much, bat generally quite the reverse. If you should ever marry, George, the probability is that you will soon become one of those most despicable of beings, a hen pecked hnabandpond-allthrougli your own fau it. Now tell me what reasons you have for —believing that Kathleen likes you better than she does me?” “Her own words. I asked her plainly if she wouldn’t rathei marry me than you, and liar reply was, “Ob, yes, that I would: I should not hold you in the lea«t awe, and I know very well that I should be able to twist you around my little finger, and get my own way in everything.” “All which showed how little she thought of you; the sober fact is tha£ she was chaffing you, and nothing more, as you ought to have clearly preceived.” This speech, and the contemptuous manner in which it was uttered, raised George Berkeley’s anger somewhat, prompting him to rejoin ; “You ought to clearly preceive, John, that the thought of wedding you is perfectly repellant to Kathleen, and that it is her mean and mercenary mother who' is driving her into your arms, with what kind of goad God knows, though I don’t, but it must bo a keenly torturing one, of that I4IIU sure.” How mothers to know best what is for their children’s good, George, for they almost invariably do. Some of them have bought the knowledge preoious dearly, from their own past experience, and poor Mrs. O’Connor is of that number. 1 shall make Kathleen a far better husband than you would, for she will obey me in love, ns the Bible commands wives to do, and all folks are happier for following Bible precepts, which I suppose you won’t venture to. deny 1” “I won’t be led into any side issues, John. I shall stick to the point, and also—to Kathleen. I think it perfectly atrocious that a girl should be hounded on by a mercenary mother to marry a man whom she—well to use the mildest possible term—dislikes,” “Why arn’t you logical enough to add that it is also atrocious that a girl should he debarred, by a mercenary mother from marrying (ho man she really loves ; to wit, in the case that we a™ considering, Patrick Desmond, of Ballyally?" “Oh, to permit Kathleen to do that would bo, on the contrary, a downright cruelty, for Pat is in such monetary difficulties that he hardly . knows which way to turn. Were his affairs settled up f very much doubt whether ho would have a clear hundred a year left to live 1 on, A fine income, traely, on which to lead a girl lik6 Kathleen O’Connor to the altar,” answered George Berkeley opn temptously. “Oh, is insufficiency of funds, your chief objection in the . case V laughed Sir John, Well, now, I really thought that your income was something Jess than a hundred a year—aye, something con siderably less." / ' George breathed deeply, for he know now that a climax wits at hand. With trembling fiug ra be pqured. him. self out a glass of jwino—tossed it off— arid then said in a voice that was too orim in tone 10 be altogether natural : “The fact is I have ventured to pre sume (hat in the event of my marryirig ICo'hloon, you would divide your income equally with roe, In other words give: thouaand 'pounds ii yoir whore' wifch to make Kathleen happy and com fortable.” ... ’ .• ; ]-i ' Sir John stared at his younger brother for.fully a mmute,ns though wondering whether ho had taken complete leave of his senao?, but suddenly ho broke intori f lottd gyffaw, ftnd upon getting the bettor of $1 jomewhat, exclaimed ; I ‘‘Well, of all the;.unconscionable itu* , arid cool assurance, I never , it’s oqual, You want to rob mo of the girj then for mo to upon you half ipy jfqrtqno sq that you may make her happy therewith. No, no,. Master George, I prefer making her happy myself, 1 thank you all the same, and 1 intend to commence the process to morrow three weeks, on which day we are going to bo married. .On those accounts ; we h-*d better drop the subject now undrr discussion ’ at once and for over, old) follow. And look you, as it would not bo pleasant, or even advisable for you to be ■ at Garuragh, or even perhaps in County Galway, at the. time of our wed ding, or even for some period after. I’ll give you a cheque for five hundred pounds, and with the proceeds you can enjoy your self in London, Paris,, or wherever else you like, until such time as you have won bick the sound common sense of which you once had a very fair share, Asjsoon as ever you have learnt to treat me onoe 'more as ah elder brother, and to regard Kathleen in the light of sister, I, that is to say ,wq, shall be very glad to sea you home again." “ Ab, John, you are a noble fellow, and I 'touch fear that I am an ignoble* one. My only excuse is my conviction that you wouldn’t make Kathleen a good husband and that I should. Owing to that convic tion I positively will not give her up* to you,” was George Berkeley’s sullen retort, “You’ll hive to do it, my fine fellow. I was the first in the field, and I am also the accepted one. You are therefore altogether out of the running—a rank outsider,” said the baronet, showing signs, at last, of losing both his patience and his temper. “ John, love is Jlunacy in some natures Perchance it is making a mad man of me, perb&ps; only a bad one. I pray that it may be the former—but, whether mad or bad, I must have Kathleen O'Connor for my wife, and also a handsome income to keep her on. I have as yet only asked you for half of what you possess. It’s possible that you may drive me to take it all from youexclaimed the younger brother, almost appealingly. “X have been wondering whether you had gone road for a long while. Now I know it,” answered the elder. But then his curiosity got the better of his indigna tion, and he asked, though as if he felt ashamed of putting the question:—“May I be informed how you propose to take my all from me 7” “ Oh, I don’t want to take it —I would far rather not. I would much sooner accept oven a third than'the whole, but I must have enough to induce Mrs. 0‘Connorto accept me as her daughter’s husband, and I must have Kathleen for my. wife—You, who left her for two long years, can’t love her as I do—Anyhow, you have everything that the world can give to make you happy, and save Kathleen I have nothing, John, dear John, for my sake, for her sake, and) more than aught else, for your own sake give me that which! now ask.” • “ I’d see you shot first! And now, Master George, are you aware that you have twice positively threatened me within the last few minutes t As I dis like, threats more than I do most things, before you’ll leave this room you’ll have to explain what you mean by making use of them.” “But I have not threatened. I have only warned.. Oh,. John, I will still be your very good friend and brother if you will only lot me. If you knew everything you would also know that I am not as bad as 1 daresay I now seem to mo, but God forbid that you. ever should know fort h. J‘D— —it, but I will be told every thing,” roared bis brother. “You can only know it by refusing or give me Kathleen. .“Then for at least the half-dozenth time during the last quarter of an hour I do refuse to give her to you,” exclaimed Sir John with emphasis. “ Will nothing shake your determina tion 7” “ Nothing in earth, hell, or even heaven will shake it.” “ May heaven keep you then, for you have driven me to woo Kathleen as Sir George - Berkeley, and the owner of Garuraghanswered the younger man, looking as though he was about to swoon away. v “ You the owner of Garuragh 7 Pah, you are mad even to dream of such a thing,” retorted the elder scornfully, yet with some faint gleam of doubt and fear in his eyes nevertheless, “No, no, I am not mad. I can prove that you wero born out of wedlock ; that, in short, your birth took place t a week before your father and mother wore married. The doctor still lives who brought you into the world, and ho is now a ruined and a rock Iocs man. Fie called upon me, hero, a month ago, and promised in consideration of a pounds, to make me a baronet and the owner of Garuragh in your place. I want neither baronetcy nor estate, so do you buy him off with a thousand pounds, and lot mo remain always your younger brother, but a tolerably provided for one, and the hus band of Kathleen.” CHAPTER XIII. The elder brother listened to this awful explanation on the part of the younger without so much as (ho twitch of a muscle nor did he seem to bn at all angry with George when ho had done. Ho merely asked:—“As a man of honor and a shrewd man of business are ynu euro that your precious doctor is able to prove all that ho says he can.” , Quite, for he showed mo copy certifi cate of your birth, and another of our parents’ marriage, and he siicl ho didn’t want his foe, nor a fraction of it, until he • hud placed me in full possession of Garuragh and of the title,” answered George, well pleased to find that his : brother was talcing matters “And so you would sacrifice our mother’s honor to win Kathleen 7” was the next question aikod him, somewhat scorn fully it must bo owned. “ Would you sacrifice our mother’s honor in order to keep her 7” came the quick counter query, with, after a moment’s hesitation, the addenda tacked on “And lose all else besides?” “You gave me to understand, just now tbatyou by no means desired mb to lose anything else besides 7!’ "And oq my soul f do not, 1 abso lutely wish you to remain Sir John Berkeley, of Ga* urngb, and my respited and beloved oi ler brqther. I only, wmt Kathleen OlOonnor for my wife, and a sufficient inoomotwhorewith to satisfy her wants and whims, one of which will bo, I suppose, the maintenance of a moiher-in law.” - - \ “And* you have delivered your ulti 'mqfcum 7” : . V My ultimatum, John, frori) w.hipl) I> will not turn v asido or go back a single inch.” / > "Then we’ll both sleep over it, and 1 *11 givo you .an answer to your ultimatum in . the morning.” “Can’t you do it now?” “'I wllbnot do it* now, at any rate.” “ But you’ll.shako, hands and bid mo? good-night?” ' !> 1 you hove as good a one shall; I hardly think that four walls wil.; .cabin and confine mq thio night. 3 have always found rapid exorcise the best antidote to a troubled mind. It is a soldier’s remedy,, As for shaking hands, that may well be dispensed with until the morrow. I can’t play the hypocrite, George, even to pleasure you, and I won’t give you a grip of the han’d|antil my heart go with it. When I’ve thought well over your conduct ray reason may get the better of my anger, and I may be able to understand that you’ve treated me far from unhandsomely—indeed I’ve a sus picion that such is the case already, but to encourage it maddens me because for this night at all events I must hate you for wanting to rob me of the only girl whom I have over loved. Now, off to to your room, lad, and before going to bed you may as well pray to God to direct things for the best between us, for I at all events never stood in more need of Divine grace than I 'do at this moment. By, the bye you’d better take a good pull of generous wine before you go. You look as though you wanted it.” Thus urged, George Berkeley filled him self upatumber full of oldorusted port, and tossed it off at a draught; after which, he pushed the decanter over towards his brother, saying:— “«You’d better follow suit old fellow, for you look as pale as any ghost.” “Aye, butyoujcan’tdetectso much as the twitch of a single nerve in me, notwith standing. Watch me fill my glass toalmost above the rim, and then convey it to my lips without spilling a single drop. There,” he continued, after'he had tossed off the Contents, “ don’t flatter yourself that you have made either my hand tremble, or my heart give so much as a single extra boat, by what you have just said to me. No, no, it takes more thaa that to upset an old soldier;” and with a hollow sounding laugh Sir John (as we shall continue to call him) cast himself down again into hie cosy armchair, wheeled it around until his back was turned towards his brother, and taking up a newspaper pretended to be absorbed in its contents. As this was a very plain hint to be gone, George Berkeley with one more slowly uttered:—“Well, goodsnight,” turned round and quitted the room, at once repairing to bis own, and throwing himself down upon the bed with all his clothes on. (to be continued.) 