BY F' .` TRR A fu Author of " The Gun-Bonner, a Rumtace of Zulu M i 1-nd,"'"'Tween Snow ald Firs," ..Through the Zolu Coontry Ito ]futttrfteldu aud it People," eto. CHAIPTER XIlf.-ForLLowmso re CLUE. It takes a little time to get used to sleep '? out in the open,.and on the hard ground. The latter the novice is apt to find hard in or stone?just under the hip bone,' and he time he has removed this, or shifted his posi tion, he only settles down to find two similar sources of affliction where there was but one before. If timid he will think of snakes, if nervous he will be momentarily imagining some cold, creeping thing crawling over his ear or sneaking inside the legs of his trousers. Add to this the novelty of the situation, and the hundred and one varying voices of the night, which combine to keep him awake, and it follows that however alluring to the embryo traveller may be the prospect of "camping out," the reality is less pleasant -till he gets used to it. Renshaw, remarking that their late for midable visitant needn't have wished them good-night quite so loudly, rolled him self in a blanket, and in ten minutes was fast asleep. But Sellon, being new to this kind of thing, speedily fell a victim to each and all of the little inconveniences above de tailed, and passed a most uncomfortable and restlessnight. The howling of thebytenas, mingling with e shriller "yap" of the hunting jackal-sounded continuous-then. just as he was dropping off into a doze, the loud "baugh banugh ! of a troop of baboons on the mountain side, started him wide awake again, his first impression being that their late visitor was prowling around, in tent on cultivating a closer acquaintance. 'Twice, indeed, he did hear that thundrous, muffed roar, which once heard is so unmis takable, but it was in the far distance. On the whole, therefore, all unrested as he was, he felt anything but sorry when his com panion, looking out from under his blanket, stared at the stars, then leisurely sat up. "By Jove! I've been envying you," growled Sellon. "You've been sleeping like a log, and I've hardly closed my eyes all night." "Not, eh! AB, I forgot you're not used to this sort of thing. You soon will be, -though. Turn in again a little longer while I brew the coffee." " Coffee ! Why, man, it isn't daylight .yet." "No, butina few minutes it will be. However, you lie still. Try and snatch another hour's sleep. I'll see to every thing." He was as good as his word. When Sellon awoke-not in ancther hour, but rather more thantwo-the sun was already up, but his comrade was nowhere to be seen, nor were the horses. There was the coffee kettle, however, handy by the fire, and somebisonit. Having absorbed a steaming suen or two, Sellon lighted his pipe and felt better. A double report sounded from some way along the river bank 'hen and there. In about twenty minntes Redehad returned. " I've been marketing," he said, turning ia-ozen ring doves out of his pocket. "Theee little jokers are not half bad when grilled on the coals, and they don't take long to cook. to-night will be the last time we can make a fire, until we find ourselves here again-that is, if we come back this way." " Well, I shall go and get a swim," said saunrce, jumping up and stretching him self. "A swim? hold hard. Where will you get it !" " In the river, of course," was the as tonished answer. But Renshaw shook his hoad. " You'd better not try it, Sellon. It isn't 'aefe." " Why P Alligators'?" "'Yes. You can't go into deep water. But there's shallow a little way up, where you can have a good splash. It's only a matter of a few inches if you keep close to the bank -and you must keep close to it, too. I've been in myself this mornings-and, by the same token, it's the last chance of tubbing we shall get. I'll go as far as the.rise and point you out the place. Half an hour later Sellon returned, rein rigorated by his bath and clamoring for breakfast. The birds had been plucked and spread upon the embers, split open, spatchcook fashion, and when ready afforded our tra vellers a toothsome breakfast. Then they saddled up. ' We sha'n't do our thirty miles to-day," said Renshaw, as they rode along. "We d too late. But that won't greatly . We have plenty of time, and it's r to keep the horses fresh than to rush through." So it is. But, I say, this place is like the tirara Valley, minus the bush and the nneos." It was. As they rode on, the desolate lderness of the defile increased. oocky pee sparsely grown with stunted bush, the al cliff formation cleaving the sky-line. oulders large and small studded the val ey, lying like so many houses on the hill sides or piled up in unpleasantly obstruotive profumon, right along the line of march. Of animal life there was little enough. Here and there an armor-plated tortoise' stalking solemnly among the stones, or a large bird of prey circling overhead--bt of game, no sign. As the sun mounted higher and higher, pouring his rays into the defile as though focussed through a burning glass, the heat tried Sellon severely. "This is awful," he growled, for the fiftieth time, mopping his steaming face. "'Is it going to be like this all the way?" "It may be. But we shall have to do most of our moving about at night. Wecan take it easy now and off-saddle, and trek on to;eords.au~.-.ladown. Until we asetually sin'oour search, I know the ground by heart. Come, now, Sellon, you must keep up your determination. It's beastly trying, I know, for an unseasoned chap; but think of the end.". "I believe I'll get a sunstroke first," was the dejected reply, as the speaker flung him self wearily on the ground. "Nota bit of it. Here, lave a drop of liquor-but you'd better tale it weak, or it ll do more harm than good" And, getting out a pannikin, Renshaw loured in a little of the contents of his flask. ,udicionsly dilut ingit from the water-skinslnng across the packhorse. This water-shin, by theway, was an in genioaus contrivance ot his wn, and of which he was not a little proudi Like its Eastern prototype--upon which i was modelled-it oonsisted of a good- sizedAngorakid-one of the legs serving fore s p&'t "Ifot a bad dodge, -'" scqpieesed ten-" shaw, in response to is companion's re -mark. "The water hi a leathery taste, I admit, but it's better thn none at all. Ihit upon the idea when I fat fegan these expe. ditions. Something i the kind was abso. Intely essential. 'Dkking with waggons you carry the ordinas vaatje (a small, dram. aped g), lung Atween the wheels, but it's an inaonvenienthing to load up on a bore--in fact, thfseond attempt I made e concer ot l an rolled the whole _plntering to ? Besides, t?is thing holds more and Ips the water cooler. I . (me near dyit of thirst that time, being three nights aniwo days without a drop of S(90' anything for this is a mighty dry country, I needn't tell you." "What it the le yarn should turn out moonshine a aiwd ellon, with ths aJ-. ý.i man. " There's one thing about it that looks fishy. How could what's his name- Greenway- wounded as he was, fetch your place in two or three days? Why, it'lljtake us nearly a week to do it-if not qu: ." " That very thing struck me at first," said Renshaw, quietly shredding up a piece of Boer tobacco. " My impression is, he didn't come back the same way as he went. You see, he knew the country thoroughly. He may have taken a short cut and come straight over the mountamns. For l'm pretty cure the way we are taking is an altogether round about one." " Then, why couldn't the fellow have told you the shorter one, instead of sending us round three sides of the square ?" " That's soon explained. In the first place, this way is easier to find, the land. marks more unmistakable, and the travelhling better. In the second, you must remember the poor old chap was at his last gasp. It's a good thing for you, Sellon, that he was, for if he had only lived half ae hour longer-even a quarter-he'd have given fuller details, and I should have found the place long ago. Look how dise jointed the last part of his story isajust the main outlines, trusting to me to fill in detail. I tell you, it was quite pitiable to see the manful effort he made to keep up until he had said his eav." Later in the afternoon, the heat having somewhat abated, they resumed their way, which grew at every mile more rough and toilsome, between those lofty walls, winding round a spur, only to find a succession of similar spurs further on. Then the sun went off the defile, and a coolness truly refreshing succeeded. Renashaw, leading the way, held steadily on, for there was light enough from the great sparkling canopy above to enable them to more than distinguish outline. At length the moon rose. "Look ahead, Sellon, and tell me if you see anything," said Renshaw at last. "See anything? Why, no. Stop a bit, though," shading his eyes. " Yes. This infernal valley has come to an end. There's a big precipice bang ahead of us. We can't get any further." "Not, eh i Well, now, look to the left." Sellon obeyed. At right angles to the valley they had been ascending, and which here opened out into a wide basin, barred in front by the cliff referred to, ran anuther similar defile. ,"There it is," continued Renshaw, in a satisfied tone. "That's the 'long poort' mentioned by Greenway-and," pointing to the right-" there are the ' two kloofs.'" It was even as he said. The situation corresponded exactly. "We'll go into camp now," said Ren. shaw. "Let's see what you'll think of my ' hotel."' - Turning offthe track they had been pur. suing, Renshaw led the way up a slight acclivity. A number of boulders lay strewn around in a kind of natural stonehenge. In the midst was a cirncular depression, contain a?a litle water, the remnantof the last rain. "Look there," he went on, pointing out a smoke-blackened patch against the rook. "That's my old fireplace. Our blaze will be quite hidden, as much as it can be anywhere, that is So now we'll set to work and make ourselves snug." Untilhebecame toofatigued to suffer his mind to dwell upon anything but his own discomfort, Sellon had been cudgelling his brains to solve the mystery of the resusi tated document, but in vain. 'e was almost inclined at last to attribute its abstraction and recovery to the agency of the dead adven turer's ghost. But the solution of the mystery was a very simple one, and if Seoon deserves to beleftin the darkness of perplexity by reason of the part he played in the matter, the reader does not. So we may briefly refer to an incident which, unknown to the former, had occurred on the evening of Renshaw's return to his most uninviting home. He had been very vexed over the French leave taken by his retainer, as we have seen. SBut, when his anger against old Dirk was at its highest, the latter's consort, reckoning the time had come for playing the trump card, produced a dirty roll of paper. Handig it to her master, she recommended him to take care of it in future. Renshaw's surprise as he recognised its identity was something to witness- almost as great as Sellon's. He had been going about allthese weeks, thinking the record of his precious secret as secure as ever, and all the while it was in the dubious care of a slovenly old Koranna woman. But on the subject of how it came into her possession old Kaatje was reticent. She had taken care of it while the Baas was sick -and, but for her it might have been lost beyond recovery. More than this he could not extract-except an earnest recommen dation to look after it better in the future. However, its propitiatory object was accom plished, and he could not do otherwise than pardon the defaulting Dirk, on the spot. The fact was, she had witnessed the stratger's doubtful proceedings and having her suspicions had determined to watch him. When she saw him deliberately steal her master's cherished " charm," she thought it was time to interfere. She had accord ingly crept up to the open window and raft the paper out of Sellon's hand-as we have seen. So poor old Greenway's ghost may rest absolved in the matter, likewise the Enemy of manaind and the preternaturally accom. plished baboon. And, although she did not state as much, the fact was that the Koranna woman had intended to return the document upon Renshaw's recovery, but hadrefrained, on seeing him about fo take his departure in company with the strange Base, who she dis trusted, and not without good reason. CHAPTER XXIV:-Tit Two TcReur H?Ds. " Hurrah! The scent is getting warm," cried Sellon, as winding round a spur they came into fall view ofa huge coffee-cannister shaped mountain. It was the end of the third day's trek. Making an early start from the snug camp ing place where we last saw them, they had pushed steadily on until the heat of the day became too oppressive. Then after a long rest they had resumed their march, and now it was evening. "Yes, but it'll have to get warmer still to be of much use," repliedRenshaw. "Look ! There's the other turret-head." High aloft, rising from behind the slope of the first, a great "elbow" ot cliff started into view. Then a turn of the road once more hid it from sight. " There are the two refered to by poor old Greenuay," said Renshaw. "The third, the smaller one, lies beyond them to the north west." SEh? hen, whyon earth are we'goingin slap the opposite direction ?" For the "pcort" they had been threading here came to an abrupt termination, splitting off into a gradually ascendio loof on each saide of the first of the two great mountains. Without a moment's hesitation Renshawhad taken the left-hand one-heading indeed southwesterly. " You can't get anywhere by the other way, Sellon. ?Nothing but blind alleys ending in a krantz." Half an hour or so of rough uphill travelling and they halted on a grassy nek. And now the two great mountains stood forth right against their line of march. Risingup, each in a steep, unbroken grassy elope, they could nothave been lees than 3,000ft. from the valley which girgled their base like the trench of an old Roman encampment. The crest of each was belted around by a smooth perpendicular wall of cliff about a third of the height of the mountain itself, gleaming bronze red in the shimmering glow, barred here and there with livid perpendicular streaks, showing where a colony of asaevogels had found a nesting place, possibly fromtime immemorial, among the ledges and crannies upon its inaccessible face. " By Jove!" cried Sellon, as, after a few minutes' halt, they rode along the hillside opposite to and beneath the two majestic giants. "By Jove, but I never saw such an extraordinary formation! Some of those turret heads we passed on our way down to Selwood's were quaint enough-but these beat anything. Why, they're as like as two peas. And-the size of them. I say, though, what a view-or the country we'ehoeuldi-gt from the top." "Should! Yes, if we could only reach it. But we can't. The krantz is just as impracticable all round as on this side. I tried the only place that looked like a way, once. It's round at the back of the second one. There's a narrow rocky fissure all trailing with maidenhair-fern-masses and masses of it. Well, I suppose I climbed a couple of hundred feet, and had to give up. Moreover, it took me the best part of the day to come down again, for it I hadn't called all my nerve into play, and patience, too, it would only have taken a fraction of a second-and -the fraction of every bone in my anatomy. No. Those summits will never be trodden by mortal foot-unless some fellow lands there in a balloon, that is." An hour of further riding, and they had reached the extreme end of the second gigantic turret. Here again was a nek, con necting the base of the latter with the rugged and broken ridgeson the left. Hitherto they had been ascending by an easy gradient. Now Renshaw, striking off abruptly to the right, led the way obliquely down a steep rocky declivity. Steeper and steeper it became till the riders deemed it advisable to dismount and lead. Slipping, scrambling, sliding among the loose stones, the staunch steeds stumbled on. Even the pack-horse, a game little Basuto pony, appointed to that office by reason of his extra sure-footedness, was within an ace of coming to grief more than once, while Sellen's larger steed actually did turn a complete somersault, luckily with out sustaining any injury, but causing his owner to bless his stars he was on his feet at the time. The second great turret-head, foreshortened against the sky, now disap peared, shut back from view by the steep fall of the ground." "We have touched bottom at net," said Renshaw, as, to the unspeakable relief of the residue of the party-equine no lees than human-comparatively level ground was reached. But the place they were now in looked like nothng so much as a dry stony river-bed. Barely a hundred yardsin width, it was shut in on either a:de by gloomy krantzes, sheering up almost from the level itself." "What a ghastly hole !" said Maurice, whom the dismal aspect of the gorge de pressed. "How much further are these tunnel-like infernos going to last, Fanning ! I swear it felt like a glimpse of daylight again, whenwe were riding up there past the two canister-headed gentry usat now." "I shouldn't have thought you were such animaginativechap, Sellon." "Well, you see, this everlasting feeling of being shut in is dismal work. Beastly de pressing, don't you know." " Yon must make up your mind to it a little longpe. There's a water-hole aboutaia hour from here, and there we'll off-saddle and lie by for a snooze. By the way, it's dry here, isn't it ?" " Ghastly ! It looks like a place where a stream should be running, too.' "Well, I've seen such a roaring, racing, mountainous torrent' galloping down here that there wasn't foothold for man or beast anywhere between these krantzes. By the bye, yoen may devoutly pray that there's no rain during the next few days. A thunder storm in the mountains higher up would set the whole of this place humming with 'water." The sun had left them, and the grey dead silence of the savage defile seemed to echo back the tones of their voices and the clink of the horses' hoofs with abnormalolearness. Sellon eyed the grim rock walls towering over their heads, and growled: " Well, it's a beastly place, as I said before. And talking about water, that's the worst of this country-you always have either not enough, or else too much of it. All the same, I'm glad to hear we shall soon have some to dilute our grog with to-night. Tnis rattling over stones is dry and throaty work, and the water in your leathern thing must have touched boising point by now. What's the row !" The last came in a quick, startled tone. Renshaw had suddenly slid irom his saddle, and was picking up some of the large stones which lay in such plentiful profasion. As he arose from this occupation a great rolhng, writhing shape became apparent upon a sandspit barely a dozen yards off. Up went the hideous head into the air, waving to and fro above the great heaving coil, and the cruel eyes scintillated with a baleful fire. The horses backed and shied in alarm, snorting violently. Shorter and shorter be came the movements of the head, and the forking tongue protruded as the formidable reptile emitted a blood-curdling hiss. Maurice Sellon felt himself shuddering with horror and repulsion as he gazed for the first time upon the glistening, check-patterned coils of a large python. Whizz! Whack ! The stone launched from Renshaw's practiEd hand just grazed the wavinc neck, knocking splinters from the rock behind. With another appalling hiss, the creature, its head still aloft, began to uncoil, as if with the object of rushing upon itaantaonistt. Whack! With unerring aim, with the velocity of a catapult, the second stone camse full in contact with the muscular writhing neck. The frightful head dropped as if by magic, and the great scaly coils heaved and sprawled about on the sand in a dying agony. "Broken his neck," said Renshaw, cautiously approaching the expiring reptile, and letting into him with the remaining stones he heldin his left hand. "Python. Twelve feet if he's an inch." "Good old shot ! First rate !" cried Man rice, enthusiastically. "I say, old chap, I envy you. A great wriggling brute like that makes me sick to look at him. Pah !" he added, witha shudder. ?' Look out for his mate," said Renshaw, remounting. " Pythons often goincouples. And I am sorry to say there area good many snakes about here." "Baugh! Bau--augh!" The loud sonorous bark echoed forth in startling suddenness among the overhanging cliffs. But it didn't seem to come from high overhead. It sounded almost in their path. " Raboons !" said Renshaw. "They must be all roundonr waterhole. Therethey are. No-on no account fire." The poort here widened ouo. Grassy slopes arose to the base of the cliffs. In the centre lay a rookypoo whose placid suarfaceglittered mirror-like in the gloaming. But between this and the horsemeniwas a crowd of dark uncouth shapes. Again that loud warning bark sounded forth-tbis time overhead, but so near that it etruck upon the human ear as almost uqenacing. "Beboons, ehs" .said Sellon, catohinS sight of the brates. "I'mgoingto charge them." Renshaw smiled quietly to himself. "Charge away," hesaid. "Bat whatever you do don't fire a shot. It may bring down upon us a very dieet sort of obstrnction than a elompje of barians, and then this undertaking is one more added to the Ist of failures, even if we get out with whole skins." But Maurice hardly heard him to the end, -s spurring up his horse he dashed straightat the troop of baboons. The latter for their kind were abnormally large. There might have been about three score of the great un gainly brutes, squatting around on the rocks which overhung the pool. As the horseman galloped up they couldbe seen baring their tusks, grinning angrily. But they did not move. Bellon had not bargained for this. The great apes, sauatted together, showing an unmoved front to the aggressor, looked sunffciently formidable, not to say threaten ing. Sellon's pace slowed down to a walk before he got within sixty yards of them. Then he halted and sat staring irresolutely at the hideous beasts. Still they showed no sort of disposition to give way. For a few moments both parties stood thus eyeing each other. All of a sudden, led by about a dozen of the largest, the whole troop of hairymonsters came ehambling forward-gibbering and gnashing their great tusks in unpleasantly suggestive fashion. A secondmore and Sellon would have turned tail and fled ignominiously when Whizz I Whack- whack I hack ! A per feetshower of sharp stonesca pelting into the thick 3 the ugly crowd the swift mess ant acourays [f a chesterrifle, knocking, one eyes, batterin hairy limbs, playing havoc among them like a charge of grape-shot. With yells of pain and terror the brutes turned and fled, scampering up the rocks in all directions. Renshaw, guessing the turn events were likely to take, had quietly dismounted, and, filling his hands and pockets with stones, had advanced to the support of his now discom fited friend. " Thosebrutes don't understand us quite." he said, after the roar of laughter evoked by this sudden turn in the tide of affairs had subsided. "One shot would have sent them soampering, but we dared not fire it. They are not used to toe human form divine m this wilderness, but they won't forget that bom bardmeut in a hurry." "By Jingo, no. Fancy being obstructed by a herd of monkeys. All the same, old chap, they did look ugly sitting there champ ing their tusks at one like that." "So they did. Now we'll let our horses drink, and then adjourn to our sleeping place. We mustn't camp too near the water, because the krantzes swarm with tigers (leopards), to say nothing of worse cattle, who might interfere with us if we kept them from their nightly drink. And we can't light a fire to-night." (TO Il CONTINUED.) 