XEW STOItV. We havo îmrcliivtctl thu rlsht to publish un uHra-üon , MiiMuiiitl »tory, . ; MURDERED AT MID-DAY | on A Gilli, AVITIt TlIltKK Í.OVKHS. A TALK UK COl'STV OAIAVAY. Uv SKIP UOIILASK. nutlior of "Parker tim» nciitli." lticln» to Ullin," "An Oconu Secret," " Uucallcd to Mo," "Templestowe." "Mill Girl anil Hurolnc," "For True Love's Sake." "Tlio Pollue Jlinlstor," "Who Killed John CameronT "Loved by a Lord," "Both Prince*" mid Police Spy." "Nlnn, tho Nihilist," "Black Hand," " Mysteries of Mulbournu," ".-ions ot theSImiii rock." ____ CHAPTER IV. HOW A '»KAI) MAS UEGOKD BY THE WAYSIDE. IF Patrick Desmond's disappearance from the Assembly-room was noticed it was at all events not commented on. His name was down ' in no girl's programme for a dance still to como off, and match-making mothers had for long ceased to keep a sharp eye upon him as a desirable son-in-law in pèrspective, whilst ns for his own sex, highly popular though he was amongst them, yet in the Courts of Venus his. company was not nearly so indispensable tis in the Halls of ^Bacchus, or the hunting field. Whilst, thorefore, he was guiding his horse down the unlighted sinuos ' ities of Dead Man's hine, where the Moorish archways and carved balco- nies of many an old Spanish mansion yawned beside ¡md extended far over the narrow passage, and making his way from thence out through one of its crumbling gateways into the open country, every now and then unconsciously fingering the stock of one bf the long horse-pistols that he carried in his holsters (as did every other prudent mari in those per turbed times), being us full of bis deadly purpose as ever, in the brilli- antly lighted rooms which he had .left behind him, music and mirth still reigned supreme, as though everyone present had decided on 41 No »loop till morn when youth mill pleasure moot To chimo thoBlowlnir hourn with llylnt? foot." Yet, in exemplification of the pro- verb that there is nn^ end to nil "things,; ti rollicking Irish '. country dance at last brought matters at once to a head and to. an end, and a few minutes later white palpitating chests and delicate artus were being covered un warm 'neath quilted opera cloates or oilier cosy wraps, and carriages began to arrive and depart wi tu their precious freights, though by far the greater number of pretty^' girls and their chaperones who lived in or near by the town, owing to slender means, walked ?home, escorted by their cavaliers. Amongst these latter were Kath leen O'Connor und her mother, whose circumstances were" so limited that they might almost havo been called straightened, wherefore it was little wonder thiit Mrs. O'Connor was something more than anxious that her only child should .'marry a man of her father's stamp, that is to say hospitable to a fault and with no conception that " charity should be- gin at home';" such a' man, in short, as Patrick Desmond, was and gave promise of ever being, at all events until ; ho needed tho world's charity himself. Sir John Berkeley walked with his betrothed 'bride Kathleen, making himself as pleasant1 as he could, and that wasn't saying much, for he was not a lady's trian, and in making love didn't sugar,.his words as an Irish- man knows so well how to do ; nor did, he, forget, as, he had told: his orother earlier in the evening, that ho was of . tho . "nobler sex ;" in fact, he always' treated Kathleen . more as though she, was a pretty and some- what; spoilt child, than as what she really was, a gentle, lovable, and also most sensible girl,1 which was one i'easou why she had conceived a Kositivé dislike to him, declaring that e would' be always posing before his wife with a birch in one hand and a sugar,stick in the other. ? On thé présent occasion he, did all the talking,1'-'though that wasn't much;, hut .George was ten times more dolorous and, glum as ho fol- lowed; at" & discreel; distance in the rear with Mrs., O'Connor, ! who was much" surprised "that he never once sounded his hrother's praises, as it had hitherto1 been his most invari- able custom to do. Casheeh Cottage, whose dilapidated condition,>yasi pretty well concealed 'fromall'b'utrthe most prying gaze hy an óutér gai'b of dark and glisten- ing ivy;"arid which,' with a' window ? .on''each1* side'' of:' ifs door, three win- dows above, and a chimney rising from! either i side. of the blue roof, was rescued from theveriestcommon place by a handsome brass knocker, and by a garden which although of the ; smallest? dimensions was taste- fully laid out,-- /md now gay with flowering,!;, laurestiues, was - at last reached.,, ....- , . , , ., '".-Of course all four weht indoors,for Mrs. O'Connor 'would have consi- dered it indecorous for Sir John and .Kathleen'tb have said" their final 'farewells'in the '-garden,' thoughi'our Êretty héroïne would far rather have ad- it! so, and in her mother's pre- sence to boot. : " , What he said to her when they really, and, perhaps for the last time were alone together, was very much A repetition : of . what ho had been observing to her the whole of the ^éveniñg'.wrpúgh^ to wit; that nothing should prevent him from making her his wife;;' and then he suddenly added, as though he didn't himself 'regard, .the > matter] as an absolute .certainty,- as he - wished her to do, that even if a Russian bullet didlay ^him'lpw»'his'ghost should stand, be-' ? tween heir , and . Patrick Desmond at the altar rails, ^should.'. she ever 'allow him to lead.herthere. '?' . tri'^To ,this threat "¡Kathleen'made no answer, ¿unless . a very visible. shud- der might have béëri regarded as ono, .anduncomfortablyuncertain whether .;thatr;Shüdder was i on his account or on.Desmbpd's and her own, Sir John -presently:'said'his really1 last ¡good "Dye^unhappilyj conscious' that-Kath- leen''''sHuaaered'. yet again as-;h'é pressed Iiis lips to hers in a final fare- well. A few minutes later and he hud said his adieux to her mother also, bidding her, almost sternly, to " keep a careful eye over her child, for both Kathleen's sake and his own, and to be sure to allow her to hold no com- munication whatever with Patrick Desmond whilst, he was away at the wars ;" after which he abruptly quitted Casheen Cottage with his brother, and the two young men Walked side by side, almost without speaking, to the Clauriearde Arms Hotel, and there calling for and mounting their horses, soon left Gal- way town behind them. _ It was by this time a bright moon- light night, or rather morning, and as they pursued the coastline of Oranmore s shallow; and rocky bay, the picturesque islands of Inmshere, Innismain, and Arranmore were dimly visible in the distance, from thc last-namedof which local super- stition has it that HI it BnisaU, the old Irish paradise, can be seen on a clear day, azid, at all events, America, which has proved a paradise indeed to tens of thousands of starving Irish men and women, lies far, far away in thnt direction, whilst the five hun- dred feet high revolving light, on Arrnn's isle seems every night to point thithorward. Close behind them lay the dark grey town, engirt by its crumbling walls, and almost lapped by the Atlantic on one side, and by broad, silvery bosomed Lough Corrib on the j other, whilst far'away over the roofs of convents aud monasteries, and be- yond tlie tall spire of the ancient collegiate church of St. Nicholas (patron saint of fishermen, and Gal- way town has six thousand of them) rose the long , chain of mountains which stretch across Connemara and Joyce country; whilst equidistant in their front the Burrian hills reared themselves high above the rugged coast line of County Claro, termina- ting in the long, tongue-like peninsu- lar of-Arclf ry, on tho other side of which the noble Shannon rolls on- wards to the sea. But the country which the two young men were actually traversing was bleak and desahite.'enough, tile grey calcareous stone constantly pro- truding above the shallow soil. Even the numerous huts of the wretched peasantry who attempted to cultivate the arable spots between thc rocks were built of rough stones loosely put together, ¿iud as hone were high enough for a tall man to stand inside without stooping, anyone pas- sing by at a little ; distance would doubtless hâve taken them for mero detached masses of rock, and never even have guessed that they could be human habitations ; and yet, win- dowless and chimueyless as they all I wei*e, these wretched hovels wore perfect palaces'compared with some , of the scnlpeens and scalps of not far distant Kilkee, Kilmurry and Kil ! disarfc. The names of these and half-a dozen more such woebegone towns and hamlets begin with " kill,'' and at tho period of which we are writing their poverty and foul drainage did kill more than a cmarter of those who took.up their I'esidenco in either of them",- so that they commenced I with kill and ended with kill, making j it a. case of kill all round. , Enough,'however,, of description, for we have resolved that the leading feature of this stbi'y shall be "incid I eut - incident- incident," and' wo really- seem to bo already forgetting our motto. To return, then, afc. once to the point, that is to say to Sir John Ber- keley of Garuragli and his younger brother George, : who had riot been traversing the poverty - stricken country, which we have' been at at some .pathsito' describe, for-more than a couple , of miles or so of its length, when in passing one of the before mentioned rock dwellings that almost bordered the road, they li card proceeding froniits interior a. most lugubrious, howling, and. beheld the corpse of a man, laid but at full length on a couple of planks, sup- ported by roughly hewn logs of wood, m front of the doorless entrance to the cabin. ,_-,,.<. The breeze bore the positive stench of the corpse in their direction^ which a hearer view showed to be that of a tall, big-framed man, cut down in the prime of life. He was fully dressed in the usual outdoor garb of the Galway pasantry, a kind of coarse grey frieze, in his case' all rent and>;tattered,*his boots in just as dilapidated a condition were on his feet, andJhisjiands,were crossed oh. his chest," but .with" the palm of one turned upwards,' thus soliciting alms to defray the cost of his burying, a common enough inci- dent in the west of Ireland (oven as it.,stitt,'.is'in some parts of Switzer- land} at. the'period , of which we aré writing. .:.. - ... . -. ¡ 'i 'i./.""-.'.."' Thus it -was that tho two, young men were not so shookecl at the sight as they would otherwise doubtless have been, and Sir John; Hinging the reins of his horse ;tp; his brother, dis- mounted and walked up to the dead man, in order to pay his tribute money,'feeling the-.while that.for.the sake of the'living évéií more than fox his own the sooner that he was put under the ground the better. , 