CHAPTER LIII. Loud laughter might have been beard in tbat lone hut for several seconds after the success of Tim’s ruse had been assured but the merriment arose from far too grave,a,cause to continue for very long ; so the. handcuff* were quickly shifted from O’Flannigan’s wrists to Blake’s, the de tective being overawed into perfect quiescence the while by the' threat that bis brains should be blown out with his own “ shooting irons,” if he offered the least resistance, or made the slightest noise.' Wiien this had been effected, the three ruffians knocked him senseless with blows, and then taking him up as though lire was o .more log of wood they threw him down again.iu the darkest corner of the hut, and spread an old tattered blanket over him. The rescuers next questioned Tim O’Flanrigau as to what ho had been ar leited for; they both supposing, up to thjis tirae, that poaching, or at the very stealing bad hoch the cause.. When tpld the real reason their counte nances grow several shades paler; for these two meii were Patrick Hurley and Daniel- Oaaey, whoni Counsellor McKai had proved, by the testimony of credible witnesses, at Sir John’s trial, had threatened, in common with O’Flannignn, that they would have George Berkeley’s life, and iu very fact it was they who had sprung upon him from out the grove of trees,- helped to drag him along to the bog of Ardmohr and spread-eagled him down to the ground just in front of its slowly on-rolling, thick, and inky hued flood. They experienced, therefore, the full danger of their own . position since O’Flannigan had become so perilous, and both of them declared, with • many oaths that Blake (whom they had both recog nised as the pretended cobbler and dealer ip B'gond hand clothes and boots who hod been so long pottering about the neighborhood, whilst now they knew for why) should at once made away with, vowing that neither of their lives would be safe were they to spare his. O’Fhnnigan quite fell in with their view ou tlie case and proposed that they should gt once carry him down and cast hiqi into the Bog of Ardmohr; which sug gestion was repeiyed with a subdued burst of acclaim. Matters being thus pleasantly arranged Tim hauled down from a convenient orifice in the interior of the brick chimney a bottle nearly full of whisky, g,nd for a minute or two it was passed merrily round and round. The potent spirit, which , was ever so many degrees aooye proof, and mnsb.nssa redly had never paid any ,dnty to Government soon dissi pated the three men’s fears, and rendered them loquacious. ““Even hud I been,hauled off to Galway .Town; aod the murder been proved "again me, I'd have sworn through thick and ; thin that-I'd done it by Sir John’s orders, and that he’d paid me a good round sum for.the job. They’d hardly havo been able to slip his neck out of the noose after that even though tlfey’d slipped mine into it, so that at all events I’d have been hanged in highly respectable company,” laughed O’Flatfnigfrp. . (t And it would b#vc pleased you all the better by reason of knowing that Sir John didn’t deserve banging, though you did. X> —_ it, ’tie my belief that ho wouldn't have harmed the youngster under any provocation whatever,” said Hurley} but hardly bad the words escaped. his lips when Casey seized him by the arm, with £ nervous clutch, exclaiming the while:— " Hist man, and look there, God I I saw a death white face staring in through tho.doorway, aye, I could almost swear \- that I did.” ; But Tim laughed uproar iously as he made answer:— i‘ “A : white facei l]tn, ha, it was something a deal whiter ithdp any fq.c/3 a big older flower, Can't you heqr that 'the wind's riten? Well, it a ways them heavy blossoms to and fro at a. floe rata, at times. My word for i*, but you eve a white livered our, to be frightened at a bit pf bloom.” ‘ ‘ . “'T-was pO elder bloom that I saw, I’ll be d—— if it was,” retorted Casey sul lenly:; and alarmed 'by bis comrade’s, vohe iraent assurance Hurley whipped .up poor Blake’s pistoi : afresh, and-rushed out of the hot* vowing that “if Was a face he’d make a hole in it.'' - ’ ; »“ The fool'will fire the pistol' off at. nothing;' and alarm ' tlie 'neighborhood, making the gbt to ;do double risky,” growled'O’Flahnigan; : “I was a born Idiot to - bring "out the' whisky .until. the job wos ftah&ed;" \ r ... Hardly had the words/been uttered when the report of a pistol was actually heard, and'presenfcly Hurloy carae ruHhing back intothobubdeclarlng thatho’d seen ci ghost and fired at it it without hurting it. “You blamed fool, wasn’t you aware, then, that ghosts are bullet proof? Here, take a good swig at this, and then lo busi ness or the hangman will be making ghosts of the three of us in a moat un pleasant and unsatisfactory manner,” re joined Tim, holding the whisky bottle ■ cowards his trembling- mate, for he saw clearly enough that unless the fiery spirit inspired him with Batch - courage he wouldn’t bo fit for anything. * Hurley was nothing loath to have recourse to such a nerver, and Casey was ready and even eager to follow suit. , “ Whose ghost was it that you saw?” the latter askt’d as ho raised the whisky bottle to his lips. “ Why, young George Berkeley’s, as I am a living sinner,” was the retort. “D——it, do you both of you want to be dead sinners 1” demanded Tim O’Flan nigan with an oath. “If you do, you’re going just the right way to'become such* for that man over yonder can hang the three of us; and yet there’s a grave dug by no ..mortal hand all ready waiting for him,.scarcely more than, a stone’s throw away, and you hesitate to- pop him * into' it.” . “ Come along, I’m’ready,” said Casey, crossing the floor of the hut towards where the detective still lay unconscious. “So am I,” faltered Harley, following his example, though not before he had had another pull at the whisky bottle. “ Well, better late than never—per haps,” growled O’Flannigan, “tip with him and I’ll take the place of whichever of you gives out first.” The other men made no answer, but lifted up Blake between them, and got him on their shoulders. As he was a light weight, barely turn-* ing thirteen stone, they could manage him easy enough then, and in another minute had staggered out of the hub with him, across and over the prostrate door, and taken the narrow sheep track which" led straight down to the Bog of Ardraohr. It didn’t take twice that length of time to come into full sight of it, lying rankly green, with a g'eara of black water or of yet blacker ooze every here ond there, pent up in all its unfathomable/ foulness between two steep h Us. The descent was easy, and Blake’s bearers hod just commenced it at a jog trot, O’Flannignn walking a couple of yards or so ahead of thorn, when suddenly from behind a big bmh of mingled gorse and briar, the form of & man clod in fluttering rags and with a face every whit as white as that of the nearly full moon which had just climbed into the heaveris from behind the distant mountain peaks' and ridges, started up and waved his arras about ns though forbidding tho three mis creants to advance further, whilst from bis uncovered head his long hair streamed out in tho wind. O’Plannigan came to a dead stop at once for it was ho who was a coward now,, and gasped out;— “ The ghost of Master George 1 Lord sake, motes, let as hie back to the hut. W© can’t carry a second victim past our first one. The Devil himself couldn’t help us to do that.” He turned round as he spoke, and beat a hurried retreat, but when his two mates revealed themselves in such haste to fol low him that they dropped their burden to the ground in ' order that they might run the lighter, - ,o’Flaonigan iired , a volley of curses at them, and, us. they had no effect, wheeled round, ran back alone, and though the presumed ghost was still there, and its dumb pantomime was more menacing than ever, ho, single handed, got the detective up on to his back, much as though he had been a sack of potatoes, and, with the cold sweat of horror rat her than of hard labor streaming down his face carried him to the hut. Hurley and Casey getting .there first, emptied the whisky bottle down their throats, and thou hastily decamped, thinking only of their own safety; so that when Tim O’Flannigan got back to his oabiu he just caught sight of their re treating forms in the distance ; and then, staggering aud struggling indoors over his prostrate door ho found himself alone with his still living burd m. The first thing he efid with that was to let it slip down on to the floor, and then for fully a minute and a half ho could do nothing more, ho was so thoroughly exhausted. But though his limbs were perforce idle for a whilo, bis mind was active enough, and so by the time he was again able to use his hands he had resolved to commit with them a crime of even a more fiendish character than they had ever per petrated or assist to perpetrate before. “ Fire can keep a secret as well as water,” ho growled to himself, “ Aye, a couple of secrets for that matter,” and with a Satanic laugh he first of all threw the old pair of boots upon, the glowing red turf fire—those very hoots which poor Blake had as good as lost his life in the attempt to obtain possession of, and next pulling a great handful of heather out of his roof, which was so low down as to bo within easy reach, ho thrust it into the fire until one end burst into & blaze, and then pushed it back into the place that he bad taken it from. “There, the pig and he, may roast to gother, for I’ll bed ——? if the old sow cpuld travel fast enough to bear mo com pany,” he growled regretfullyj though the regret was all for the sow, and none for the man; and then as the roof of his cabin began to blaze furiously, ho lifted up his doorway, framework and alt, and getting on the outside of it, propped it up as well as be could in its. former position, leaving the still unconscious detective the inmate of a veritable fiery furnace, with what would presently be plenty of roast pork in lieu of the customary “ baked funeral meats.” This devilish job accomplished Tim. started off at onoe, ohuoklingly observing to himself “ His charred bones will be taken for my bones; Fofks will say that whisky and fire settled me between them, for all the neighbors know that I like to drink myself blind drunk whenever ! can afford the treat.- Hurley ahd Oiisey will alone guess different, but they’ll tongues tied for their own sakes. Faith, JPJI bp off on shank’s mare to. Dublin town, fpr pQ.pW.9B |s (jp ; |go6d to hide in os a big city,” So with bis: lurcher dog at his heels, and only a few odd coppers In his pockets* Tim O’Flanhigan started off on his long journey, by the Juried glare of his burn ing hiit,, nor slackened his pace until, half an hour later, : struck into'tfie Batlina sloo toad* and believed himself to be out of danger, . :’ ‘ ‘ (TO BE CONTINUED.) —————■ A young mao, just home from college; wishing to. inspire? bis ' little sister with awe (or his learning, pointed to a star, and said—“Do you see that bright little .luminary? It's bigger than this- whole world.” “No ’tain’t,” said she, “Yes ‘it is,” declared the young collegian, “Then .why don’t It keep off-the rain f’ was • the triumphant rejoinder, f ; 