THE PEOPLE OF THE MIST BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. (CONTINUED FROM SATURDAY. LAST.) CHAPTER XVII. (CONTINUED). Three more days passed before Leonard had any conversation with Joanna, who moved about the place, pale, self contained, and silent Nor would he have spoken to her then had she not taken the initiative "Mr Outram " she said, when do you propose to start upon this journey ' " " Really, I do not know. I am not sure that I shall start at all It depends upon you You see I am responsible for you now, and I can scarcely reconcile it with my conscience to take you on such a wild goose chase ' " Please do not talk like that " she answered " If it will simplify matters I may as well tell you at once that I have made upm nind togo" "You cannot go unless I go too, ' he answered smiling "You are wrong there," Juanna replied defiantly " 1 can, and what is more, I will, and boa shall guide me It is you who can not go without me that is if Soa tells the truth I or good or evil we are yoked to gether in this matter, Mr Outram, so it will be useless for us to try to pull different ways Before he died on) dear father told you his views pretty plainly, and even if there were no other considerations involved such as that of the agreement for, whatever you may think to the contrary, women have some sense of honour, Mr Outram-I would not disregard Ins vv She Besides, what else are we to do' We are both adventurers now, and both penniless, or pretty nearly so Perhaps if we succeed in finding this treasure, and it is sufficiently large, you will be generous and give me a share of it, and five percent on which to support my declining years, and she turned and left him " Beginning to show temper again, ' said Leonard to himself "I will ask Francisco what he thinks of it. Of late things had gone a little better between Leonard and the priest, not that the former had as yet any complete confidence in the latter Still, he understood now that Francisco was a man of honest mind and gentle instincts, and naturally in this dilemma he turned to seek for counsel to his only white companion Francisco listened to the story quietly, indeed, for the most part it was already known to him "Well, he said, when Leonard had finished, " I suppose that you must go The Senora Juana is not a young lady to change her mind when once she has made it up, and it you were to refuse to start, mark my words, she would make the expedition by herself, or try to do so As to this story of treasure, and the possibility of winning it, I can only say that it seems strange enough to be true, and that the undertaking is so impracticable that it will probably be successfully accord ! phshed " "Hum," said Leonard, sounds a little paradoxical, but, after that Slave camp business, like you somewhat believe in para doves And now, Father, what do you propose to do ' I Oh! to accompany jun of course, if you will allow me I am a priest, and will play the part of chaperon, if I can do nothing else," he added with a smile Leonard whistled " Why on earth do you mix yourself up with such a doubtful business? You have all your life before you, you are able and may make a career for yourself in religion, there is nothing for you to gain by this journey, on the contrary, it may bring you death-or, he added with mean mc " sorrow which cannot be forgotten ' "My life and death are in the hand of God, the priest answered humbly. He appointed the beginning and He will appoint the end As for that Borrow which cannot be forgotten, what it it is already with me ' And he touched his breast and looked up The eyes of the two men met, and they understood each other " Why don't you go away and try to forget her said Leonard 'His speech was blunt, but Francisco did not resent it "I do not go," he answered, "because it would be useless So far as I am concerned the mischief is done, for her there is none to fear While I say it is possible that I may be able to do her some service, feeble as I am I have sinned a great sin, but she does not know, and will never know it while I live, for you are a man of honour and will tell her nothing, and she has no eyes to see i What am I to her' I am a priest-no man ' I am like a woman friend, and as such she is fond of me No, I have sinned against heaven, against myself, and her, and you Alas I who could help it' She was like an angel in that hell, so kind, so sweet, so lovely, and the heart is evil ' "Why do you say that you sinned against me, Francisco'' As to the rules of your church, I have my own opinion of them Still, there they are and perhaps they pick your conscience But what harm have you done me as "I told you," he answered, " on the night after the slave c camp was burnt that I believed you to be man and wife I believe it still, and have I not sinned doubt, there fore, in loving a woman who is wedded ' Still, I pray that as you are one before heaven and the church, SO JOU may become one in heart and deed And when that is so, as I think that it will be, cherish her, Outram, and thank God v, he gave her to you, for there is no such woman in the world, and for you she will turn the earth to heaven" " She might turn it to the other place, such things have happened " said Leonard moodily) Then he stretched out his arm and grasped the priest's delicate hand "You are a true gentleman," he added, "and I am a fool I' saw something of all this and I suspected you As for the marriage, there is none, and the lady cares nothing for me, if any thing, she dislikes me, and I do not wonder at it, most women would under the circumstances But whatever befalls, I honour you and always shall honour you I must go this journey, it is laid on me that I should, and she insists upon going also, more from perversity than from any other reason, I fancy So you are coming too, well, we will do our best to protect her, both of us, and the future must look to it self" "Thank you for your words, Francisco answered gently, and turned away, understanding that Leonard thought himself his companion in misfortune When 1 Francisco had gone Leonard stood for a while musing on the curiously tangled web in which he found himself involved Here he was, committed to a strange and desperate enterprise Nor was this all, for about him were other complications, totally different from those that might be expected in connection with such a medical adventure, which though they are frequent enough in the civilized life of men, were scarcely to be looked for in the wilds of Ali tea, and amidst savages Among his companions were his ward, who chanced also to be the lady whom he loved and desired to make his wife, but who as he thought cared nothing for him and a priest who was enamoured of that same lady, and yet wished with rare self sacrifice, to bring about her marriage with another man Here were materials enough for a romance, leave rig the journey and the fabled treasure out of it, only then the scene should be laid else where Leonard laughed aloud as he thought of it, it was so curious that all this should be heaped upon him at once, so inartistic and yet so like life, in which the great events are frequently crowded together without sense of distance or proportion But even as he laughed he remembered that this was no joking matter for anybody concerned, unless it were Juanna Alas I alrerdyshe was more to him than any treasure, and, as he thought, less attainable Well, there it was he accepted it as it stood She had entered into his life, whether for good or for evil remains d to be seen He was not going to repeat the experiment of Copy right that in the United States of America, by H Rider Hussar- The right of publishing this work throughout the colonies of Australasia has been purchased! by the proprietors of RAe till his youth-to wear out his heart and exhaust himself in efforts to attain happiness, which might, after all turn to wormwood on his lips. This time things should take their chance. The business of life remained to him, and he would follow it, for that is the mission of man. Its happiness must look after itself, for that is the gift of heaven, after which it is useless to seek and to strive. Meantime he could find time to pity Francisco, the priest with a heart and a conscience. CHAPTER XVIII. SOA SHOWS THE TEETH, Three months had passed since that day when Juanna declared her unalterable determination to accompany Leonard upon his search for the treasures of the People of the Mist. It was evening, and a party of travellers were encamped on the side of river that ran through a great and desolate plain. They were a small party, three white people, namely, Leonard, Francisco, and Joanna, fifteen of the Settlement men under the leadership of Peter-the same headman who had been rescued from the slave camp-and of course the dwarf, Otter, and Juanna's old nurse, Son. For twelve weeks they had travelled almost without intermission with Son for their guide, steering continually northward and westward. First they followed the course of the river in canoes for ten days or more ; then, leaving the main stream. they paddled for three weeks' up that of a tributary called May use, which ran for many miles along the foot of a great range of mountains named Manganese Here they made but slow progress because of the frequent rapids, which necessitated the porterage of the canoes over broken ground and for considerable distances. At length they came to a rapid which was so long and so continuous that regretfully enough they were obliged to abandon the canoes altogether and proceed on foot. The dangers of their winter journey had been many, but they were nothing compared to those that now environed them, and in addition to bodily perils they must face the daily and terrible fatigue of long marches through an unknown country, cumbered as they were with arms and other absolutely necessary baggage 'line country was named Alarem,!, a land uninhabited by man, the home of herds of countless game On they went northward and upward through a measureless waste, plain succeeded plain in endless monotony, distance gave place to distance, and ever there were more hay and 6 nul will) the climate grew colder , they were traversing a portion of the unexplored plateau that separates southern from central Africa Its loneliness was awful, and the bearers began to murmur saying that they had I reached the end of the world, and were walking over its edge Indeed they had only two comforts in this part of their undertaking the land lay so Ililli that none of them were stricken by fever, and they could not well miss the road, which, if Sea was to be believed, ran along the banks of the river that had its source in the territories of the People of the Mist the adventures that befell them were end less but it is not proposed to describe them in detail Once they starved for three days, being unable to find game On another occasion they fell in with a tribe of bush men who harassed them with poisoned arrows, 1 bring two of their best men, and were only prevented from an imitating them by the terror inspired by the fire arms, which they took for magical instruments 1 escaping from the bushmen, they entered a forest country which teemed with game and also with lions that night by night they must keep at bay as best they could Then came several days march through a plum strewn with sharp stones that named most of the party, and after this eighty or a hundred miles of dreary rolling veldt, clothed with rank grass just now brown with the winter frosts, that caught their feet at every step Now at length the) halted on the boundary of the land of the People of the Mist 'there before them, not more than a mile away, towered a huge cliff or wall of rock, varying from seven hundred to a thousand feet in height, and stretching across the plain like a giant step, far as the eye could reach, down the surface of which the river flowed in a series of beautiful cascades Before they had finished their evening meal of bucks flesh the moon was up, and by its light the three white people stared hopelessly at this frowning natural fortification, wondering if they could climb it, and wondering also what terrors awaited them upon its further side They were silent that night for a great weariness had over come them, and if the truth must be known, all three of them were regretting that they had ever undertaken this mad adventure Leonard glanced to the right where, some in by paces away the Settlement men were crouched round the fire The) alto were silent, and it was easy to see that the heart was out of them 'Went somebody say something said Joanna at last with a somewhat pathetic attempt at playfulness How could she be cheerful, poor girl, when her feet were sore and her head was aching and she wished that she were dead, almost. " Yes, answered Leonard, "I will say that I admire your pluck I should not have thought it possible for any young lady to have gone through the last two months, and come out smiling at the end of them 1 Oh I am quite happy Don't trouble about me, she said, laughing as merrily as though there were no such things as sore feet and bad heads in the world " Are you ' said Leonard, " then I envy you, that is al) Hullo ' here comes old boa, and Otter after her I wonder what is the matter now Something disagreeable, I suppose Son arrived and squatted down in front of them, her tall, spare form and somewhat sudden face looking more formidable than usual in the moonlight Otter was beside her, and though he stood and she sat, their heads were almost on a level "What is it, So' said Leonard carelessly "Deliverer," she answered, for all the natives knew him now by this name, some months ago, when you were digging for gold yonder, in the Place of Graves, I made a bargain with you, and we set the berg on down on paper In that paper I promised that it you rescued my mistress I would lead you to the land where precious stones were to be won, and I gave you one of those stones in earnest -on rescued my mistress, Mavoom her father died, and the time came when I must fulfil my promise For my own part I would not have fulfilled it, for I only made that promise hoping to deceive you But my mistress yonder would not listen to me 'No,' she said, that which you have sworn on my behalf and your own must be carried out If you will not carry it out, go away, Son, for I have done we it's you Then, Delivered rather than part with her whom I loved, and whom I had nursed from a babe, I yielded And now you stand upon the borders of the country of my people So), are you minded to enter them, Delivered ' "What else did I come for, Soa'' he asked " Nay, I know not You came out of the folly of your heart, to satisfy the desire of your heart Listen, all that tale I told you is true, and yet I did not tell you all the truth Beyond that they live a people of great stature, and very fierce a people whose custom it is to offer up strangers to their gods enter there, and they will kill you thus " " V What do you mean, woman ' ' asked Leonard angrily " I mean that if you hold your life dear, other life," and she pointed to Joanna, "you will turn with the first light and go back whence you came It is true that the stones are here, but death shall be the reward of his who strives to steal them I must say this is cheerful,' replied Leonard "What did you mean, then by all that story you told me about a god and a goddess ' Are you a liar Son ' ' I have said that all I told you was true," 1 she answered sullenly I " Very well, then, I have come a good many? hundred miles to put it to the proof, nor am I going to go-back now, You can leave me one and all if you like, but I shall go on. I Will not be made a fool of in this way." " None of us have any wish to be made fools of, Mr. Outram," said Juanita gently ; " and, speaking for myself, I would far rather die at once than attempt a return journey just at present So now, Soa, perhaps you will stop croaking and tell us what we must do to conciliate this charming people of yours, whom we have come so far to spoil. Remember," she added with a flash of her grey eyes, " I am not to be fooled by you, Sea. In this matter the Deliverer's interests are my interests, and his ends roy ends. Together we stand or fall together we live or die, and that shall be an evil hour for you, So, when you attempt to desert or betray us." "It is well, Shepherdess," she answered, your will is my will, for I love you alone in the world, and all the rest I hate," and she glared at Leonard and Otter. " You are my father, and my mother, and my child, and where you are, in death or in life, there is my home. Let us go then among this people of mine, there to perish miserably, so that the Deliverer may seek to glut himself with wealth. Listen ; this is the law of my people, or this was their law when I left them forty years ago That every stranger who passes through their gates should be offered as a sacrifice to Aca the mother if the time of his coming should be in summer, and to kill the son if the time of his coming be in winter, for the people do not love' strangers. But there is a prophecy among my people that, when many generations have gone by, And the mother, and all the Bon, shall return to the land that once they ruled, clothed in the flesh of men, and the shape of Aoti shall be such a shape as yours, Shepherdess, and the shape of Jan shall be as in the shape of this black dog of a dwarf, whom once in my folly I deemed a god. Then the mother and the son shall rule in the land, and its kings BAILIE cease from kingship, and the priests of the Snake shall be their servants, and with them shall come peace and prosperity that do not pass away. Shepherdess, you know the, tongue of the People of the Mist, for when you were little I taught it to you, because to me it is the most beautiful of tongues. You know the song also the holy Song of realising, that shall be on the lips of Aca when she comes again, and which I, being the daughter of the high priest, learned, with many another secret, before I was doomed to be a bride to the Snake, and lied, fearing my doom. Now, come apart with me, Shepherdess, and you, Black One, come also, that I may teach you your lesson of what you shall do when we meet the squadrons of the People of the Mist" Susanna rose to obey her, followed by Otter, grumbling, for he hated the old woman as much as she hated him, and, moreover, he did not take kindly to this notion of masquerading as a god or, indeed, to the prospect of a lengthened sojourn amongst his adoring, but from all accounts somewhat truculent, worshippers. Before they went, however. Leonard spoke. " I have heard you, So," he said, fingering his pistol, "and I do not like your words, for they show me that your heart is fierce and evil. Yes, though you love the Shepherdess, your heart is evil. Now hear me. Should you dare to play us false, whatever may befall us, be sure of this, that moment you die. Go !" " Spare you threats, Deliverer," answered Soa haughtily. "I shall not betray you, because to do so would he to betray the Shepherdess,' But are you then a fool that you think I should fear death at your hands, who to-morrow with a word could give you all to torment? Pray, Deliverer, that the hour may not be near when you shall rejoice to die by the bullet with which you threaten me, so that you may escape worse things." And she turned and went. " I am not nervous, said Leonard to Francisco, "but that she-devil frightens me. If it were not for Juanna she would cause us to be murdered on the first possible opportunity, and italic can secure her safety I believe that she will do it yet." And I believe that she is a witch, Outram," answered the priest with fervour, a servant of the Devil, such as are written of in the Scriptures. - Last night I saw her praying to her gods ; she did not know that I was near, for the place was lonely-, hut I saw her, and I never wish to see anything so horrible again. I will tell you why she hates us all so much, Outram. She is jealous, because the Several does not hate UB. That woman's heart is wicked, wickedness was born in her, yet, as none are altogether evil, she has one virtue, her love of the Second. She is huBbandleas and childless, for even among the black people, as I have learnt from the Settlement men, all have feared her and shrunk from her, notwithstanding her good looks. Therefore everything that is good in her has gone to nourish this love of hers for the woman whom she nursed from a babe. It was because of her fierceness that the Senior Rodd, who is dead, chose her for his daughter's nurse, when he found that her heart was hungry with love for the child, for he knew that she would die before she suffered harm to come to her." " He showed a good judgment there," said Leonard. " Had it not been for Soa, Juana would have been a slave girl now, or dead." "That is so, Outram, but whether we showed good judgment in trusting our lives to her tender mercies is quite another matter. Say, friend, do you think it well to go on with this business ?" " Oh, confound it all I " said Leonard with irritation, "how can we turn back now? Just think of the journey and what fools we should look. Besides, we have none of us got anything to live upon ; it took most of the gold that I had to bribe Peter and his men to accompany us. I daresay that we shall all be killed that seems very probable, but for my part I really, shan't be sorry. I am tired of life, Francisco ; it is nothing but a struggle and a wretchedness, and I begin to feel that peace is the best thing I can hope to win. I have done my best here according to my lights, so I don't know why Ish0ui4.be afraid of the future, especially as it has been taken out of mc pretty well in the present ; though, of course, I am afraid for all that, every man is. The only thing that troubles me is a doubt whether we ought to take Juanna into such a place. But, really, I do not know but what it would be as dangerous to go back as to proceed ; those gentlemen with the poisoned arrows may have recovered from their fear of firearms by now." " I wish we had nothing worse than the hereafter to be afraid of," said Francisco, with a sigh. "It is the journey thither that is so terrible. As for our expedition, I think, on the whole, that we had better go on, especially as the Senora wishes it, and she is very hard to turn. After all our lives are in the hands of God, and therefore we shall be just as safe or unsafe among the People of the first as in a European city. Those of us who are destined to live will live, and those whose hour is at hand must die. And now good- night, for I am going to sleep." Next morning, shortly after dawn, Leonard was awakened by a hubbub among the natives, and creeping out of his blankets, he found that some of them who had been to the river to draw water had captured two bushmen belonging to a nomadic tribe that lived by spearing fish. The wretched creatures, who, notwithstanding the cold, only wore a piece of bin he tied round their shoulders, were screaming with fright, and it was not until they had been pacified with gifts of beads and empty brass cartridge cases that anything could be got out of them. When confidence find at length been restored, Otter questioned them closely through one of the Settlement men, who spoke a language sufficiently like their own to make himself understood, as to the country that lay beyond the wall of rock and the people who dwelt in it. They replied that they had never been in that country them selves, because they dared not go there, but they had heard of it from others. The land was very cold and foggy), they said, so foggy that sometimes people could not see each other for whole days, and in it dwelt 11 race of great men covered with hair, who sacrificed strangers to 11 snake which they worshipped and married all their fairest maidens to a dwarf. That was all they knew of the country and of the great men, for few who visited there ever returned again to tell tidings. It was certainly a haunted land. Finding that there was no more to be got off the bushmen, Leonard suffered them to depart, which they did at considerable speed, and ordered the bearers to make ready to march. But now a fresh difficulty arose. The interpreter had repeated all the bushmen's story to his companions, among whom, it is needless to say, it produced no small effect. Therefore when they received their orders, instead of striking the little tent in which Joanna slept and preparing their loads as usual, after a brief consultation they advanced upon Leonard in a body'. "What is it, Peter!" the sake of the head man. "This, Deliverer: we have travelled with you and the Shepherdess for three full moons, enduring much hardship and passing many dangers. Now we learn that there lies before us a land of cold and darkness, inhabited by devils who worship a devil. Deliverer, we have been good servants to you, and we are not cowards, as you know-, but it is true that we fear to enter that land." ' "What do you wish to do then, Peter!" asked Leonard. " We wish to return whence we came, Deliverer. Already we have nearly earned the money that you gave to us before we started, and we will take no more money if we must pay for it by crossing yonder well." "The way back as far, Peter," answered Leonard, "and you know its perils, How many',, think you, will reach their homes alive if I am not there to guide them! For know, Peter, I will not turn back now. Desert me, if you wish, all of you, and still I will enter this country alone, or with Otter only. Alone we took the slave camp, and alone we will visit the People of the Mist." "Your words are true, Deliverer," said Peter " the homeward way is far and its perils are many ; mayhap but very few of us will live to see their huts again, for this is an ill-fated journey'. But if we pass under," and he pointed to the wall of rock " then we shall all of us certainly die, and be offered to a devil by devils." Leonard pulled his beard thoughtfully and said: "It seems there is nothing else to say, Peter, except good-bye." The head man saluted and was turning away with an abashed countenance when Juanna stopped him. Together with Otter and the others she had been listening to the colloquy in silence, and now spoke for the first time. " Peter," she said gently, " when you and your companions were in the hands of the Yellow Devil and about to be sold as slaves, who was it that rescued you ?" "The Deliverer, Shepherdess." "Yes. And now do my cars betray me, or do I hear you say that you and your companions, who with many another were saved from shame and toil by the Deliverer, are about to leave him in his hour of danger 5" " You have heard aright, Shepherdess," the man answered heavily-, " It is well, Peter. Go, children of Mavoom, my father, who can desert me in my need. For learn, Peter, that where you fear to tread, there I a white woman, will pass alone with the Deliverer. Uo, children of my father, and may peace go with you. Yet I will tell you this, that but a very few of you shall live to see your kraal again, and you will not be of their number, Peter. As' for those who come home safely their names shall be a mockery, the little children shall call them coward and traitor and jackal, and one by one they shall eat out their hearts and die, because they deserted him who saved them from the slave ship and the scourge. Farewell children of my father ; may peace go with you, and may his ghost not come to haunt you on your path I" and with one indignant- glance she turned scornfully away'. .' Brethren," said Peter, after a moment's pause," is it to be borne that the Shepherdess should mock us thus and tie such ropes of shame about our necks 2" " No," they answered ; " we cannot bear it." Then for a while they consulted together again, and presently Peter stood forward and said-" Deliverer, we will accompany you and the Shepherdess into the country of devils, nor need you fear that we shall desert or betray you. We know well that we go to our death every one of us ; still it is better to die than to live bearing the burden of such bitter words as hide within the Shepherdesses lips." " Very well," answered Leonard. " Get your loads and let us start." "Ay ! It is well indeed," put in Otter with a short of indignation. " I tell you this, Peter, that before you left this place the words of the Shepherdess had come true for you and one or two others, for I should have fought you till I was killed, and though I have little wisdom yet I know how to fight." Leonard smiled at the dwarfs rage, but his heart was heavy within him. He knew that these men had reason on their side, and he feared greatly lest their evil forebodings should come true and the lives of all of them pay forfeit for his rashness. But it was too late to turn back now I things must befall as they were fated. (To be Continued Next Saturday.) . 