DISTURBING A RELIGIOUS SERVICE. CHARLES WEST AT ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL. At the City Police Court on Monday Charles West was charged with being a pauper lunatic. From the evidence of Con stable Kelly it appeared that the defendant was at St. Peter's Cathedral on Sunday and stated that he was Jesus Christ, that he had come to stop the Baoramecib, and as he had served five years' imprisonment in Victoria for fcViA Homo nffnnoA hs vtraa fiAtairmniari ton rapro it out to the end. West entered the cathedral and was turned out. He attempted to enter the building a second time and was promptly turned out. The defendant when asked if be had any thing to say said it was 40 years since God had given him divine instruction concerning the personal reign of Christ on earth, and that information also constituted him the Son of God and gave him divine authority to make that knowledge known to the Christian Church. For 40 years he had repeatedly done that, but they had rejected the divine teaching of the Holy Ghost. He had bad to endure several imprisonments in his great aim to carry ont his Master's instructions, one term being for being insane, though he was as sane at the time as God could make him. After the divine inspiration he had received he would be indeed a wicked man if he did lob do what he had done. Tbat the ministers of Christ rejected the special teaching of the Christ and took thesacramenbeeemed to him the most unmitigated sin against the Holy Ghost that the world had ever witnessed, as it ex ceeded the ein of the crucifixion of Christ. The bench considered the accused was not responsible for his actions in that particular matter, and referred him to Dr. Ewbank for medical examination. A Matter of Calculation. He — 'What did you marry me for?' She — 'Manama calculated that it was for about a million and a half.' We have received from Messrs. P. A. Howells & Co. a copy of Miss May Habgood's song 'Told in the gloaming,' a manuscript copy of which has already been noticed. The lithographic wcrk, which melude3» portrait of the composer, is from the establishment of Messrs. Vardon fcPritchard and is a creditable piece of work. 