A SENSATION. » " Step into my private office when yon are at liberty, Mr Bennett; I would like to speak with you." The request was made in terse, authoritative tones, familiar enough to every man in the editorial department of the paper as those of Mr Priest, the managing editor—an undersized, fussy little chap, with hair prematurely grey, tiny sharp eyes like a ferret's, and enormous ears that seemed designed by nature to catch all the news there was adrift. The latter organ he had a peculiar fashion of moving backwards when excited or interested—a mulish mannerism which had earned him various nicknames. " Yes, sir ; be there in five minutes," answered Bennett. Then he added sotto voce, "Wonder what the deuce is up now ! Some idiot's been complaining about a report, of course." " Wonder what Priest wants with him ?" said Godfrey, one of the stars of the staff, who had acquired local fame by virtue of a series ot " beats " during his four months of service with the paper "May be going to do tardy justice and raise his salary," said O'Dell, the court man, rather cynically. "Did you see Priest's ears P" asked little Davis, the junior member of the staff. " They stood straight out, and there's something in ihe air, sure." At this moment a messenger entered to inform Godfrey that he, too, was wanted: in the managerial sanctum, whereat the garrulous little Davis at once urged the correctness of his surmise that an anusual something " was transpiring behind the figured glass doors of the editorial room. " Sit down, Bennett," snapped the editor, as the young man entered. Priest waB one of the class of men who seem to find their way into positions of influence and authority on newspapers without difficulty. He was not a writer, and, in fact, could hardly construct a sentence correctly. He lacked most of tbe elements naturally supposed to be indispensable to success in such a place ; but Priest had other qualifications, added to a good nose for news, which appealed more strongly to the stockholders of the paper. Chief among them was his ability to play int j the hands of the bnsiness office, hold doirn writers' salaries to the minimum and curtail the expenses of his department generally. There were literary brains enough to be got for very little money, clever writers on any and all topics of the day, but men of the Priest pattern were scarce. The air of the managing editor, as he motioned Bennett to a seat, was preoccupied. He was always preoccupied when spoken to or approached by any but the business manager. Then he was obsequious. His manner now said, as plainly as words conld have said it, " Yon are my subordinate and must be duly impressed with the dignity of my position." After gazing for some moments, with an appearance of deep thought, at a social item of utter unimportance, which had slipped in among his correspondence by mistake, Mr Priest dropped the little slip of paper into his eapacions waste basket, swung round in his chair and faced Jack Bennett. " Mr Bennett, I'm going to detail yon on an important piece of business," he jerked. " Yes, sir," replied Bennett, with a becoming show of interest. "Yon know, Mr Bennett," continued the chief, " all the main facts regarding the counterfeit five-dollar bills which have flooded the city during the last few months." " I believe I am tolerably familiar with the matter, sir." " The fact is, Bennett," and the little man's ears began to oscillate with increasing rapidity, " the fact is that every detective in the city has worked on this case for weeks at a time. They have all failed, and the search has been practically abandoned. The police acknowledge themselves beaten, Bennett.'* The editor brought his hand down on the arm of the chair with an emphatic thump. Then he leaned forward as to give weight to his words. " Now, then, I have always held that a good reporter is the best detective in the world. You have done some very good work for the paper, Bennett—very good, indeed. You will take this case. Devote your whole time to it, follow up every conceivable clue, run these fellows to earth, and—well, if you succeed, it will make a difference in your salary. You will take any other man of the local staff you may desire to assist you. I should suggest Godfrey. He's a bright fellow, quite up to the work, I should think." " I think Godfrey is the right man, sir,'' answered Bennett. Godfrey entered a moment later in response to a summons by telephone. The natnre of the business on which he was detailed was explaiued to him, and then both men were dismissed with the injunction to do their best. The task set these two reporters was by no means an easy one. Detectives, and reputably smart oues, had worked on the counterfeiting case for months ; but, as the editor said, no clue, however faint, had been found to the makers of the base five-dollar notes. A week after he had been detailed on the matter Jack Bennett sat lounging in an arm-chair at his rooms, examining one of the spurious bills for the hundredth time. He had just sncceeded, with the aid of Godfrey, in running down a clue, which, like a dozen other supposed clues, had proven false. A week is a long time in a newspaper office, and Bennett was beginning to chafe at his want of success in finding a single thread to work on. "A bad beginning—» deuced bad beginning," he mused. Taking a cigar from his lips, he again minutely examined the counterfeit. It was almost perfect. A slight difference perhaps in t-h9 texture of the paper between this and the genuine bill, but the letteiing ' was clear and exact, the ink black and the printing without a flaw. None but an expert could have discerned the fraud. Then Bennett fell to thinking of certain difficulties he bad encountered in this investigation, which had so far proved profitless. Sometimes he had thought Godfrey was jealous of the precedence given another in the case. Sometimes his assistance and suggestions seemed half hearted. Still there were times when he was feverishly anxious to hunt down a newly discovered clue. There was no doubt ®f the man's ability. Godfrey had worked ; up two or three affa rs single handed in a manner that proved him a thoroughly capable man, and yet there was something about his efforts to run down these counterfeiters that seemed but half sincere. Little was known of Godfrey in the office. He floated in on the boom tide, just when a good man was badly needed. Jim Durnald, one of the best men Kansas City ever saw, had succumbed to the effects of six years' continuous work in the same chair, and was, at the time of Godfrey's advent, a hopeless paralytic in aeanitarium somewhere & the. central part of the state. The poor fellow imagined he bad purchased a controlling interest in the stock of two railroads and a steamship company. Of course every one was sorry for Durnald, But in a newspaper office there is very little room for sentiment. Jim was "out of the running," and it was necessary to get a man in his place. When Godfrey applied for the job, Fawcett, the city editor, put him on, and it took but a few days to demonstrate that a first rate all-around man had been secured. Bennett thought over his associations with the new man and could find no reason for complaint. Mentally resolving, however to adopt a new line of researoh on the following day, he was about to retire when a knock at the door startled him. It was the sharp wrapping of some one in a hurry. " Jack—say, Jack I Get up and let me in, old fellow I" cried the outsider. Bennett recognised the voice as that of young Davis. He walked to the door, turned the key, and and threw it open. " Why, Davis, what is the row ?" he exclaimed. " You look as if you had seen a ghost!" For the junior member of the staff was very pale and very much excited. Davis assumed an air which told plainly that he had a disclosure to make. The youngster drew up a chair, lighted one of Bennett's cigars and replied to his friend's query with the cool question,— " How are you getting on with the case, Bennett ?'" " What case ?" "Come, old chap," went on the youth, " I haven't been in this business as long as you have, but I have learned enough to pick up a piece of news before I fall oyer it." " Well, what have you picked np now?" asked Bennett, rather disconcerted by the peculiar manner of his colleague. "What I came here for at this unearthly hour of the night wa3 to put you on the right tack and help you capture those 'queer' pushers. "You are all wrong," said the lad with peculiar emphasis on the last three words. "Look here, Davis, what are you driving at ? And Bennett rose to his feet. " Oh, now, don't treat me like a child !" interposed the other indignantly. " I'm onto the whole game. You are working on this counterfeiting story, and Godfrey's working with you—that is, he is supposed to be. Am I right ?" " Suppose you are right — what then ?" said Bennett, guardedly. " What then ?" cried Davis, sitting bolt upright, "why, just what I said before. You're on the wrong lay, clear off the scent, I tell you. Look here, Bennett," he continued in an excited voice, " I've been working on this thing for two months. There is a thousand dollars reward offered for the capture of the gang, don't you see, and what I want is the reward." Bennett could not repress a smile. The vanity of this youngster amused him immensely ; but Davis was a bright sort of little chap, and a fellow couldn't help liking him. " I've followed up every clue," he went on. " Hundreds of them have amounted to nothing, but I tell you, Bennett," and the lad's face flushed with the excitement he felt, " I'm onto, the whole deal now. I'd bet my life against a dollar that I can run these fellows to earth in a couple of days." Bennett was interested now, and he was never wider awake in Ms life than when, turning sharp round on his heel, he pushed the excited junior member into a chair and took up a position before him. "Out with it now! What do you know ?" he said somewhat fiercely. " Well, turn about is fair play. What do you know ?" " To be frank with you, I have discovered nothing. The whole case looks just as blank as it did a week ago, when I was put on it," answered Bennett. "That's what I thought," said the youth. " Now, I'll tell you something It's not altogether fame I'm after in this thing, Bennett. I need that one thousand dollars. Laugh, if yon like. Laugh your head off. The fact remains that if I had the thousand dollars I'd get married in less than no time." " A laudable idea, my boy—veiy fine," laughed Bennett. " Er—who is the lady ?" " Dolly Taylor, of Omaha. Sweetest little girl in the world. I have known her all my life—went to high school with her—know all about her, and love her all the more the more I know of her. There are only two in the family—just Dolly and her mother. There's a brother, somewhere, but he's the black sheep of the family—been in some bad scrapes, I'm told, but they never mention him. The father's dead, you know, and it's a case of highly respectable poverty. Well, to cut it short, that thousand dollars would come in awfully handy, and I never miss a chance, Bennett. Will you help me to carry this thing out ? Give me the money, and you take the glory. Will you do it ?" " Yes, yes," replied the other hastily. " Mow tell me the story." " I had better begin with the most important fact," said Davis, deliberately turning over the leaves of his note book. " Here is the entry. It is dated just three hours ago.' It reads like this :—• "' Godfrey is the counterfeiter'" "Eh! Why, what the deuce I By George, you are crazy. Godfrey, one of the best all - round newspaper men in the West, a member of tins gang ? Oh, come, Davi3, this is all rot—utter idiocy," and Bennett began to pace the floor hastily. Then he went on, as though arguing the propoisition in his own mind. " Still, I don't know, either. There have been one or two queer things—" He glanced at Davi3. That young gentleman had placidly closed his notebook, and was waiting for his friend to calm down. " Go on with your story," said Bennett. " It wa3 quite by chance," Davis resumed, "that I got my clue. I was down at Schaefer's place to-night looking up a piece of news, when there was a row at the bar. A swell-looking chap had tried to ring a flash five on Bill, the bar-tender. Bill had him by the scruff of the neck, and was going to fend for the police. The man protested violently that he was all right, and offered a large roll of bills in evidence ; but Bill was obdurate, and there would have been a pinoh all right if something hadn't turned np in the nick of time. Now, what do you think happened ?" " Give it up." "Jmt then Godfrey stepped over from one of the billiard tables, cool as yon please, shook hands with the man, swore to the bar-tender that he was all right, and asked Bill as a personal favor not to disgrace him by arrest. You know Godfrey is 3hums with every detective and patrolman in the town, and Bill knew him well as the police reporter of onr paper. The upshot of the thing was that he just turned the swell loose and apologised. The latter laughed at the adyentnre, bought drinks for all the loafers, and everybody forgot it. What impressed me was the expression of the man's face. You never in your life saw an innocent man go so 5 white." " Well, what then ?" "I kept my eye on the chap, and pretty soon he got over to the table where Godfrey was still playing billiards. They had a brief talk, and, as soon as the game was over, Godfrey went out alone. There was a big crowd in the place, and he had not seen me. I had a mind at first to follow him, but on second thoughts determined to shadow the other fellow. In a few moments he went out, too. I was on the other side of the street in a jiffy. He went through the front door of Harper's place on Topeka-street, and I was after him like a shot. As I entered the front door he disappeared through the back door into the alley. There was no one looking, and like a flash I seized the nigger's coat from the wall, threw it ore my shoulders and wa'ked out into th alley. My hat was pulled over my eyes and even Dolly would not have kno*L me." "Well?' 1 cried Bennett, who was now visibly agitated. "Well I found them there. They were]talking in the shado* of the building, and of course I did not dare stop. My object was to find them together. That settled the thing in my mind, but I followed farther to make sure. I've tracked them to Godfrey's room, and now I know enough to justify a raid." "You confounded young 'un!" gasped the excited Bennett, " I believe you're smarter than the lot of us. Hang me, if I don't believe you're right!" " Right!" exclaimed the youth in a sort of shriek. " Of course I'm right. Why, man, don't you see the game— Godfrey's, I mean ? He's a crack o' jack at the business. Knows something about newspaper work, makes application for a job and gets the yeiy run he most wants—police. He works hard, is a good writer, gets is with all the detectives and patrolmen, and he knows just about what they are all doing. Why, he even travelled round with them working on this very case. Right!" added the excited young sleuth, panting for breath. " Why, it's the greatest graft on earth, and the grafter, like Csesar's wife, above suspicion." When would you suggest making the arrest asked Bennett. " Godfrey will be alone in his room after midnight. We must manage it alone—us two. If the police make the capture we shall lose both the credit and the reward. The room is Number Twenty, top floor of the Perry block. It must be done to-morrow night. If anything scares these chaps, it'll be all day with our plans." "To-morrow, then," said Bennett. " Be here at ten o'clock, sharp, and we can arrange details then. Til take care of Godfrey during the day, and you keep out of sight Now skip oat and go to bed. We need a rest before tackling this job. Oh, by the way, bring a gun with yon!" he concluded. The cuckoo clock on Bennett's mantle cackled two as Davis left the apartment. At a quarter past twelve Fawcett, the city editor, sat lolling in his spring chair, having one of those little breathing spells that come rarely to a city man on a morning paper. A sudden, almost cyclone, rush into the local room brought Fawcett up standing in an instant. The new arrival was Bennett. Blood was trickling from a long scratch on his face, and his clothing gave evidence that he was fresh from an encounter. " What is it Bennett ? " asked the city editor, scenting a sensation. "Got'em," answered the other, briefly, grasping a tab of paper. "Got the leader of the gang like a rat in a trap. It's Godfrey. We've tied him up, and Davis is standing over him with a gun." "What!" shrieked Fawcett, and then recovering himself, " Great Scott! Hot stuff, old man! Get right at it!" "The gang of counterfeiters, whose shrewdness has proved too much for the best detectives in the country, have at last been run to earth. The details of the capture, and the events leading up to it, furnishes one of the most remarkable pages in criminal history." Ihe rest of the story was neyer written. The half covered page of copy was torn from Bennett's hand. He looked up angrily, for time was short. There, ghastly pale, and trembling from head to foot, stood Davis. " Come out quick!" he gasped. Bennett rushed after him to the elevator. They entered the car just as Fawcett called to Bennett to rush ap this copy. "In Heaven's name, what's the matter ? " cried Bennett, excitedly. " Jack, you most not write that story. I—I've let the fellow go." " What I» " I've let him go, I tell yon. For God's sake, don't write the story, Jack. It's my story, and you shan't write it!" as Bennett hesitated before replying. " I'll tell you why. After we'd tied the fellow up, and you came down here to write the story, I saw a girl's picture on the table. I believe my blood almost froze in my veins as I looked at it, for the pictnre was of her! It was Dolly's photograph—don't you see ? The man's her brother—the scapegrace, the vagabond—the—the—" Bennett was undergoing a struggle— a terrible struggle. If he wrote the story, he would deserve to be kicked all the w&y; to the Pacific coast. If he didn't write it, he would certainly be kicked out of the office. It was Davis who got the story. He knew that well. Yet the paper would never recognise such an excuse. The faces of the twain shone white in the lights of the street lamp. Davis was watching his companion eagerly. "Yon won't write it, Jack?" he begged almost piteously. " No, old chap, I won't, not if the whole press of the country turns its back on me. Come, youngster, we've got to shake this town. It's too hot to hold us." At daybreak, next morning, two unkempt fellows boarded a Chicago train at a way station ten miles from Kansas City. The morning paper contained a garbled story about a capture and a daring escape, but the only two men who knew the inside of the affair were speeding East-ward as fast as stewn could carry them. The whole affair was a gre£c sensation in newspaper circles, and there were a good many theories evolved to account for the extraordinary behavior of certain absentees. Bribery was freely hinted at, but there were those who knew that something more than money had prompted Bennett to throw up the biggest beat of the year. Little Priest swore pompously that he would blacklist both men ia every newspaper office in America, but despite the threat Bennett is now one the most valued men in New York, while little Davis has grown into a big, strapping fellow. He is the sporting editor of a Chicago daily, and his wife is a pretty little girl whose name was Dolly Taylor, 8nd her residence Omaha, 