NEEDLES: " Short, Sharp, Shiny." 'Yes; I now have an income of £1,200. a year." , " Well, Fortune loves a fool, you know. "And yet you don't appear to be very well oft!" Hot. Cricket. Cyolorama. Anarchism. Silver, 2s. 6Jd. A London thief. "Continentals." Losb of a steamer. Anarchy in Spain. London wool sales. Village settlement. Suicide at Brighton. Vaillant fears death. A fire on East-terrace. " Storm and Sunshine." Mortality amongst horses. Illegal betting in Melbourne. More dynamite at Barcelona. Trap accident near Woodside. Only 95° in the shade yesterday. Corbett has knocked Mitchell out. To-morrow is Sexagesima Sunday. Dr. Renwick banqueted at Chicago. More retirements in the Civil Service. Local talent at the Continental to-night. The boa at the Zoo is getting hungry again. A scheme for clearing the TorrenB Lake of silt. Professor Lowrie replied to hi3 critics yes terday. * Prince Bismarck has met with a splendid re ception at Berlin. Many happy returns of the day to the German Emperor. Mr. John Dunn, of Mount Barker, will be 93 on February 14. Napoleon's ghost doesn't seem to mind the hot weather. Used to it. The boa constrictor has taken his first repast since he swallowed his blanket. A blase at the corner of East and South terraces last night. Only grass burnt. Mr. John Acraman, of Adelaide, and Lord Roberts,-of Candahar, were playmates in boy hood. General Sir T. Brisbane, aftsr whom the city of Brisbane was named, died on January 27,1S60. Tides at the Semaphore.—-To-day—High water, 6.30 a.m.; low water, 1.15 p.m.; high -water, 7 p.m. To-morrow—High water, 6.45 a.m.; low water, 1.30 p.m.; high water, 7.15 p.m. Forecast for 24 hours ending 6 p.m. to-day Weather generally fine and warm, with light south-east winds and sea breezes on coa3t, but tending to local thunderstorms, especially in the interior. GtEAKINGS OF HtDIOB. An old story is going the rounds again of a celebrated .Indian potentate who took an English pear, who was staying with him, oub , shooting. The peer shot very badly, and the Eastern prince wa3 sorely puzzled to combine Oriental compliment with empty game bags, j At last, with a low bow, he said, " Your ex cellency shot splendidly, but God was very j merciful to the little birds !" j Pueggy—"I was fwightfully insulted by a ; bahtendah in there just now." Cholly— "What did the bwute Bay?"- Reggy—' I absked for some beab, and the wretch said, ' Wheah's youah pitchah, sonny ?'" " Man wants but little here below," But 'tis this fact that daunts— He's sure to get a little less j Than the'little that he wants. ! A miserly old farmer, who had lost one of his best hands in the midst of haymaking, re marked to the sexton as he was filling up the poor fellow's grave, " It'e a sad thing to lose a good mower at a time like this ; but, after all, poor Tom was a dreadful great eater." Going out poaching a boy shot a bird, and another ran to secure the trophy. Coming near where it had fallen he found a white owl,, so sprawling in the grass a3 to present to hiB view only a head with staring eyes and a pair of wings attached. Instantly he shouted in dismay,We're in for it now, Jock; we ve stevt a cherubim!" A little girl made a great clamor one night after she had gone to bed, insisting that a certain doll, named Elizabeth, should be brought upstairs to her. Her mother finally called up to her, after having commanded her two or three times to keep quiet—" If I come up, Mary, I shall certainly whip you !" " A-all right, mamma," said the little girl, as she choked back a Bob, " and when you come up, p-please bring Elizabeth !" , • An absent-minded young man, while being married, replied to the minister's question if he was willing to take the young lady for his wedded wife by scratching his head and say ing—"Yes, I am willing; but I'd much rather have her sister." One morning the valet of Emperor William I., on presenting his master with his coat, re marked that it was about time bis Majesty had a new one. Before replying to this the Emperor examined his coat inside and out, and then asked how much it would be worth to an old clothes shop. The valeb replied— " Three thalers, your Majesty." Whereupon the Emperor, not wishing to keep his servant out of property which, according to custom, was already his, at once handed him the three thalers out of his purse,• saying—"Now, I suppose I have acquired the right of wearing it a little longer?" Nellie — "Oh, do look at those pretty little cows." Maude—" They are not cows; they are calves;" Nellie—"But what is the difierence ?" Maude—" Why, cowb give milk, and calves give jelly." . , "Robbie," said the visitor kindly, ' have you any little brothers and sisters?' .ho, replied wee Robbie, solemnly, I m all the children we've got." A little girl was told by her nurse that if she did not think so much by day she would dream, less at night. "But I cant help thinking," she said, and added pathetically, tlI cannot make my mind sit down. The judge—" How can you swear the hand kerchief is yours?" Plaintiff "By this color." The judge—"But I have one exactly like it." Plaintiff—" That does not astonish me ; I had several stolen." " Little Tommy didn't disobey mamma and go in swimming, did he?"—"No, mamma; Jimmv Bcown and the rest of the boys went in, but I remembered what you said, and didn't disobey you." "And Tommy never tells lies, does he " No, never; I wouldn t tell a lie for all the world." " Then how does Tommy happen to have on Jimmy Brown s shirt?" Thao conundrum was too muoh for Tommy ; he had to give it up. An illiterate young man once got a friend to write a letter for him to bis sweetheart. The letter was rather prosaio for a love letter, and he felt that an, apology was due his sweetheart for its lack of tender nothings. It was as fol lows Please excuse the mildness of this here letter, as the chap wot'a ritin' it is a married man, and be says he cam to bide any ! soft soapings; it alius giveB him the ! Bpazzums. . _ , Bobby—"Papa, what is reason?' bond Parent—" Reason, my boy, is that which enables a man to determine what is right. Bobby—"And what is instinct?" bond Parent—" Instinct is that which tells a woman Bhe is right, whether Bhe is or not." "Why did Barlow and his wife go abroad on different Bteamers? Quarrel ?"—" No. • .Mrs. Barlow thought it would be pleasanter for the children. Two steamers were not likely to be lost, and if one of them had gone down, the ohildren would have had one parent left, anyhow." . . Fair Maiden (at a football, match, during an exciting maul)—"Oh, look there—oant Jack hug just beautifully!" Lena—"Fred didn't blow his brains out because you jilted him the other night; he cam© right over and proposed to me.* Maud " Did he ? Then he must have got rid of them in some other way." ' , 