I Melbourne Notes. » (prom our own. correspondent,) People are wondoring what sort of notions liiomWa of Parliament must entertain of the relative value of things, whon they are prepared to interrupt a debate, on which the fato of the Government hangs, in order to bring to the bar a Minister of Religion for the crime .of expressing "^ general opinion that undesirable citizens get into Parliament. The farce in connection with the Rev. Mr Edgar broke into two afternoons last week and played liavoo with the continuity of the want of confidence debate. The public have, however, derived great amusement at finding the House, through.its, Speaker," so ready to accept tlio " apology" of Mr Edgar that lie did not call the people he fe ferred to liars and profligates, but only applied tlae terms blackleg and scoundrel. I fancy if the reverend gentleman had met Mr Tohn Smith at the Btroet corner and on being taxed with oallirig him a liar and pro fligate he had pleaded gailty in that he only oallod him h blackleg and scoundrel, Smith would nob liavo told him to go without a stain on his reputation as was in effect done by the Houbo. The virtuous resolve to clear its character was, however, taken suddenly and some coojing influonce must have been brought to bear afterwards.. As Mr Edgar has stated that he has a sheaf of lettors from persons willing to back him up if called upon to substantiate charges,' it may be that more may be heard of this exceedingly ridiculoue and undignified proceeding. I shall not Bay anything about the want of confidence motion except that it lias been exceedingly tame, and that in spite of the efforts of whips neither side is at all oertain which way victory will go. The fate of tlie colony seems to be in the hands of a few gentlemen, at present " sitting on a rail" in the Ministerial corner. Rather unfor tunate 1 There Is a good deal of poetic justice to be soon about tho Court cases whieh some times turns up. One of the most economical of men I think was Mr Lachlan M'Bean, who died recently on the way from his station to Deniliquin* leaving about half a million of irtoney and a will directing how it should be distributed. Being economical in all things the testator has left a document on which money was not lavished in the work of preparation as, because it is found necessary to obtain a judicial interpretation of it, fifteen barristers have made their ap pearance at Court representing various persons interested or supposed to be in terested, while "apologies were made for others unavoidably prevented from being present. If a careful saving man after death could only know of such a waste of funds of tho estate amongst an army of long robed gentlemen, he might reasonably be expected to appear in ghost form to enter a protest. The term " got your hair out" is a very familiar one in our street. The process of getting the thing done is nob always very simple and eaBy as shown by the experience of a gentleman now in Pentridgo. The person in question took a long sea voyage before being caught and while under re mand in the benighted regions to which ho went wished to have a crop. Tho bar bor of the prison was a voracious looking blackfellow, with glaring eyes, and tho pri soner protested against submitting his locks to one who looked like outting his threat, and prayed to be dealt with by a white man. The matter was referred to the authorities who were anxious to oblige, and after some delay reported that tho white barber had been found—tho only one that tho place afforded. He was, however, serving a life sentence for murder ! Tho. hair cutting being at that time a voluntary matter, was deferred. Now Mr has it regularly at tended to at Coburg. Talking about Coburg—I mean, of course, the establishment where bo many smart Melbourne men now reside at tho expense of poor taxpayers—great earn must be taken to promote '• cheerfulness" (if nnt hope) in the breasts of tho incarcerated. When Matthias Larkin was brought up on habeas Corpus the other day, he stated what seoms to imply that the comic papers are filed for tho benefit of prisoners. When asked whethor he was" assistant librarian, he de clared that he never had been given tliafc appointment, though'Punc/i had had him at the time in a cartoon. Tho news from .I&pan; published yoster day is such as to cause men of tho Western nations to stop and think. Tho merchants in Japan who have agreed to lend the Go vernment £16,000,000 for war purposed havo decidod, from patriotic motives, to forego interest. Wo could do with a few patriots of this stamp in connection with WeBtorn civili zation. 