REVIEWS. Mice Lauder-A Sketch. By Mr«. J. Glenay Wilson. London : Osgood, M'llvaine, and Co. This modestly-named romaneo comos as a welcome chango from tho typical Australian novol. For ono reason ita notion takes placo for tho most part in New Zealand, and Mrs. Wilson not only knows hor colony, but she also hos tho artistio taste and the literary faculty to do justice to its charms. Her delicate verso has already proved so much. In tho characters of her drama thoro is tho Uko freshness as in her scenery. Alico is tho daughter of a poor musician in Westorn Australia. She has a fine talent in voice as well as execution, and her father has managed to got togotbor enough money to send her to England for training. On the ship she meóte Campbell, a dover and ngrceablo young Englishman, whom she attraots first by his musical taste, until whon thoy reaoh Ceylon, and Campboll is summoned to an omeo in tho Indian Civil Service, he makes her an offor of marriage, whioh sho refuses. The first part cf tho book ends with this passage. Tho next opons with a letter, long oven for lady's correspondence, in whioh Alice narrates to a friond in Skye how she had broken down by overwork when on the point of appearing in London. A timely inheritance had placed her abovo thc usual cares of an artist, and sho has como to Now Zea- land with tho wife of a naval officer. They live at a rural pince called Grcon Strcot, and when tho long epistlo ends sho is expecting that Campbell will soon visit tho villago to spend a holiday with tho Granbys, a family of hor acquointanoo which inoludos Mrs. Austin, a vory charming young colonial married to a man mnch older. Tho story is resumed with the mooting of Campboll and Alico, it continues through an entanglement with Mrs. Austin and an estrangement from Alico, and ends happily when the latter consonts to surrender her art for her lover'(for her voico roturnod and at the time of Campbell's declaration sho is about to leavo for London to tako part in tho production of a great musical work composed by her dovoted teacher). Such is tho outline of a slight but graceful story. It is helped, too, by the rather felicitous handling of tho subordinate as well us tho principal persons. Thus Claro, Hrs. Austin, Lady Mary Corr, and Mrs. Granby aro all put in firmly. They are portraits at full length, though miniatures might havo sufficed. Somo of the little do scriptivo bits scattered through tho book aro very pretty. And Mrs. Wilson has another good gift, which is tho saving sense of humour. It puts tediousness away, und it enables her to surround her men and women with a gonial atmosphoro and light, showing their individualities without caricature. It is pleasing to say so much, all tho more BO because whoever reads "Alico Lauder " thoroughly will find material for a littlo criticism. The story is carried on with somo awkwardness by means of a couplo of long letters which posscsB no individuality and aro palpably from tho same hand as tho rest of tho narrative. Tho book is rather long for tho material. There is no dolibcrato padding, of course ; oven tho superfluous first section of tho book moy bo excused aa designed to sharply isolate Alico from her background. But thoro is littlo notion and littlo analysis, scant dialoguo, and a groat deal of writing in tie third person, so that not eren tho undoubted cleverness of much of tho character-drawing and descrip- tion makes ose oblivious of tho lougth. Next thore ia a superabundance of quotation and allu- sion, literary and artistic, and not always correct. Milton did not writo " barbaric pomp and pearl " in the passnge describing Satan enthroned, and Burns used tis famotiB simile of tho snow upon the river to illustrato not tito charm, but tho tragedy of transitoriness. Agrccablo as it is to meet with evidence . of generous reading, tho literary quality ot a book not seldom suffers from tho literary wealth of its writer. Mero display is not aimed at, bat thore is a con- stant tendency among widely-read mon/ or women to overestimate tho attractiveness for tboir rendors of matters that may possess tho utmost charm for themselves. One of Mrs. Wilson's own comparisons may serve us. Literary kuow ledgo "is an extra elomout, giving piquancy to tho general flavour, liko tho clove of garlic which tho French chef rubs on tho salad howl, and which ' unsuspected animates tho whole.' " Thcso, though, aro faults of a literary cast ; they may affeot, but thoy do not oblitérate tho merit of tho novol in itself as a study of SOCI'HI manners. " Alico Lauder " is a very agrccablo book, nmong other reasons for this good ono of Kobert Louis Stevenson's :-" Although it runs to considerably upwards of 200 pages, it contains not a single reference to tho imbecility of God's uni- verso, nor BO much as a single hint that I could havo made a better ono myself.-I really do not know whore my head can havo been. I seem to have forgotten all that makes it glorious to be man. -'Tis an' omission that ronders tho book philo- sophically unimportant ; bat I nm in hopes tho eccentricity may please in frivolous oirolos.'' Those who may read tho present novel will oxpoot with sympathy further work from Mrs. Wilson. Correspondence of Mr. Joseph Jekyll. Edited with a brief memoir by the Hon. ALOEIUI'OX BOURKE. London : John Murray. Why the correspondence of Mr. Joseph Jekyll should hare boen published, save for a reason which Mr. Josoph Jekyll himself gare iu reforcnoo to another tedious book that the editor would fain bo registered in tho roll of noblo authors, passes tho wit of man to discover. Hore was a gen I tloman bred in tho traditions and manners of tho English middlo-class at tho ond of last contury, fortunato not only in that, but also in wealth, work, a dignified place, passing through Parliament to a higli permanent office, and for many years a wit, diner-out, and man of tho best society ; yet all that his most familiar lotter« dis- close is little besido a chronicle of small boor. It would be mortifying to a wit of to-day to loam from this volumo with what a monld somo 60 years will cover tho ohoicest things, fit to sot tables on a roar. Porhaps tho wit and humour of tho Eegouoy was Uko much bosido of thnt period painful stuff ; at least Mr. Jekyll's sharo in tho quips of his gonoration loaves that impression. And what a dreary cataloguo of great and potty names nearly all tho rest of Mr. Jekyll's corres- pondence marshals. Poor ghosts, lot thom oven cross Acheron again, for their conjurer uses thom somowhat unkindly. A book Uko this makos ono suspect his contemporaries. Who knows what un- civil follow may bo keeping a diary or inditing a correspondence whioh shall moko ns all grin and mow lamentably enough before our vory posterity. _ i Tho author of " Obiter Dicta" hos established a claim to attention, but his latest book will not add much to that reputation. Essays about Men, Women, and Books, by Augustina Birrell (EUiot Stock), is tho tdtlo of the new volume, which is composed mainly of the short reviows of notable books that Mr. Bir- rell originally contributed to a London weekly paper and a magazine. A few of the essays aro quito below the rank whioh suoh publication should murk. Ono or two others aro outsido the literary soope, but good nevertheless. Tho collec- tion will no doubt bo road with somo interest, for the papors aro genial in temper and olear in in- sight. Messrs. Angus and Robertson send us The Strike of a Sex, byGt. N. Miller (London: William Hooves), whioh is the twelfth number of tho BeUamy Library. The author tells how in an American manufacturing town tho women entirely joparated' themselves from the men until tho latter oonoeded to thom* their demands for absoluto self control. Tho pamphlet has had a great auecess in the United States, and this copy belongs to the 31st thousand of the English edition. That, now, is somowhat a reflection upon the sense and the humour of those important communities, for Mr. Miller's bookie dull, and of a stupefying igaorauoa beside*. 