WOMAN'S WIT During the assizes held in a South ern city the court was crowded to its utmost capacity, while an impatient mass of swaying humanity outBide awaiting the verdict. It was a case of phenomenal interest. Two young fellows of good birth, companions since childhood, had set themselves to earn fame and fortune, or the latter at least, in their native place; Albert Musgrave as an artist, Herbert Cadson as a doctor. Their love for each other was brotherly—Yet love was the gulf which separated them. Both had been fascinated with the charms of a sunny haired, bright-eyed, laughing picture of beauty. Her admirers were legion, but her favors were pretty equally bestowed between Musgrave and Cadson. One morning people were horrified with the report of a murder. Musgrave had been shot in his studio, a revolver was found on the table a few inches from the dead body. The bullet, which after passing through his head had lodged in the wall opposite, exactly fitted the chamber, and was precisely similar to the other which the revolver contained. Both revolver and cart ridges were proved to have been bought by Cadson within twenty-four hours of the murder. He was known to have been at the house about the time the murder had been committed. All these things he fully admitted. Only one fact he denied, but this was the evidence that chiefly condemned him. Edna Dysart, the charmer, through jealousy of whom he was supposed to have committed the murder, swore seeing him close to the house ; indeed, she had spoken to him, but he strangely enough had passed her, refusing to speak. The general evidence against him was so overwhelming that there could be no doubt of the issue. The prisoner had condemned himself by his own admissions, yet he emphati cally asserted his ionoeence. The eventful day of the trial came. Counsel had labored for and against. The judge had summed up the points of the case; the jury retired to con sider, The breathless hush of sus pense was oppressive. The angel of death seemed almost visible. Pre sently a door opened. Twelve men entered and solemnly took their seats. * Gruilty or not guilty ? ® 'Guilty!' A piercing shriek, awful from its burden of agony, rang through the court, and Edna's unconscious form was bGrne out. For the first time the prisoner quailed. All through the trial he had behaved with almost callous coolness. Her voice unmanned him, and he buried his face in his bands, groaning aloud and trembling violently. W ith an effort he regained his manly bearing. When asked if he had any reason to state why sentence of death should not be passed upon him, he drew himself up, and in a firm, clear voice, said— * To-day uiy words are an empty sound! one day they will have great power, though they wiil come back from the cold depths of the tomb. I am innocent. No man will believe me. I speak for the future, because T believe an Avenging Justice, with an unerring and irresistible aim, will bring the truth to light. Then I wish you to remember my words. Then Herbet Cadson, who now stands with the shameful curse of a murderer on his head, will have the halo of a martyr.' The sentence of death was passed, the judge's voiee being scarcely audible midst women's sobs. One person alone seemed unaffected. With the quiet demeanor of a hero, Herbert folded his arms to receive without a quiver his doom. To the last momentous words, " May the Lord have mercy on your soul!" he responded with a firm but reverent " Amen." Mr. Carter, Herbert's solicitor, was disturbed in his office by a young lady whom he at first failed to recognise as Udua. What a marvellous change! Her haggard face, large eyes looking larger from their sunken sockets, the fierce determined expression of her ; face, made the old lawyer betray his j surprise in spite of himself. Was this the airy, smiling creature of a few days ago F She had aged years. He invited her t> a seat, then inquired the object of her visit. ' To free Herbert Cadson. He is innocent, and I have discovered the culprit.' The lawyer looked at her, but did not speak. ' Perhaps you think me mad. Well, I have not been far from it. While you men have pitied him and wondered, I, a weak woman, have worked/ * Have you any evidence of your statement ?' ' Ample. The murderer has a foot two inches longer than Herbert's. He wore a pair of old goloshes with a cut across the left sole. Herbert never possessed such things. On that night he were a light suit; the other fellow wore a dark tweed suit with a red thread, rather a peculiar kind of material, lighter in weight, and much cheaper.' -How in the name of all that is rational did you learn this ?" " Thereby bangs my tale. I believed Herbert to be innocent. Common sense told me crime always leaves a trace for those who wish to see. No one ever sought. They were satisfied with superficial appearances. Knowing the landlord, I obtained permission to see the house. I searched for hours without success. I was yielding to despair and wandered back into the garden. Sud denly Fido capered about me with something in his mouth. It was a handkerchief. I took it. A glance made my heart Btop—blood stains. I examined the handkerchief as a forlorn digger would gold dust. It was a woman's. It was marked 'P. H., Number four/ I recognised it, and knew the owner. I smelt it. What a peculiar scent. I renewed my search with vigor. It was evident the crimi nal had escaped byJJ the back gate. Reviviug hope fired me. Inch by inch I scrutinised doors, walls, windows, anything and everything, large and small. For three days I hunted un ceasingly. " My total discoveries were some threads of cloth torn off by squeezing through a small window, blood stains on the sash arising from a cut with a rasty nail in the wood, footprints on the ground beneath the window. The ground was soft enough to receive an impression. Yery close examination revealed a peculiar imprint with a cut across. An inspiration dawned upon me—goloshes ! Prom these links how should I form a chain? First, the handkerchief. I went to Laycock's, the chemist. He ransacked his shop, but could not find me a scent like it. i I shot an arrow at a venture and said 1 * You sold Bome to Miss Harvey, I think.' j * Oh, yes; I know now; I got that especially for her. I am sorry I have none left.' J I reeled out of the shop. I was on the traek. The initials " P.H." were I Priscilla Harvey's ; this «vas her hand kerchief. I went straight to her house. During my stay I feigned losing my j handkerchief. She lent me the exact , counterpart of the one I had found, i save that it was marked 'Number! seven.' I twitted her that she was in j the habit of lending her handkerchiefs to gentlemen She laughed and blushed, and I bantered her into con fession. She had never lent but oue ; she told me to whom. I involuntarily jumped from my chair, but bad enough self-control to recover myself, pretend ing I had assumed astonishment. " Now I had fairly ruu down my game. How should "l get into his house ? Providence aided me. You are an old man, and have known me from my infaucy, eo I can speak freely to you. At one time he paid me such attention that I had to ignore him. I knew his landlady well, a garrulous old dame. I fear that I am naturally wicked, for my plan was formed im mediately. Entice him with softest words, and all your resources of fascina tion. Prom him and the old woman you will learn and obtain all. " I succeeded beyond my. wildest hopec. By dints of coaxing and pre sents I induced the old dame to let me do as I pleased. I talked to her of Herbert till her head was turned. I then made her my confidante. I wanted to make her lodger a pair of slippers without his knowledge. She offered me a pair to measure. No. I knew he had a pair of goloshes some where. Could I steal them for a day or two? Buried in a corner of the wardrobe I found a pair, and turned | them up. There was a cut across the ole of the left foot. I trembled so violently that I nearly dropped them. I took th'ein to Musgrave'a house, and they filled the prints exactly. I have had the scrapings of the sole of the footprint analysed by a chemist, who say they are identical. * I have traced the suit of clothes, and can prove the purchaser and date of purchase. But one thing remains undone. I sn ore I saw Herbert three minutes after the murder close to the back of the house. As Herbert is dark aud the culprit is light he must have disguised himself, which proves design. A local hairdresser says he lent the same man some wigs, whiskers, and so on, for private theatricals. Certainly no private theatricals bad taken place, while he had them before and returned them after the date of the murder, so they were in his possession then. Con cerning the deed itself, you know Herbert swore he left the revolver with Musgrave an hour before.' 'You astound me, a girl like you with such astuteness! It passes iny comprehension.' * Don't you ihink I have good grounds for his arrest.?' 4 Certainly. Who is he?' ' Mr. Satley, the curate." Mr. Carter fairly leaped from his chair with an irreverent expression of surprise. It took him some little time to subside into his usual calm. Then he sent for the inspector of police, putting all details into his possession. Two hours after the officer returned to Mr. Carter's sanc tum with a sjmewhat gloomy face. 1 It is all over, Mr. Carter.' * What, has he confessed ?' ' Yes, in words and action. I was going up to Mr. Satley's house when I saw him coming. He was in a great hurry, carrying a portmanteau. This, with his faee, made me think he knew we were after him. Miss Edna was very smart, but she should have con sulted us before she took those goloshes. Women are so impulsive. Well, I followed him. As I expected he went to the railway-station. I touched him and advised him not to buy a ticket, as he would waste his money. He turned paler than Ham let's ghost. '•' God help me. I was mad! It was all for her,' he said, in a quivering voice. ' Please do not handcuff me,' he implored. " ' Yery well, Mr. Satley,' I replied. ' Just then the shriek of au express whistle made me start. He dropped his bag aud dashed across the plat form, I after him. He won the race. I lost a prisoner. He jumped clean on the buffer's, which hurled him off like a football, over and over. His body is lying at the mortuary now." ****** Every cloud has a silver lining. The sunshine of this narrative is seen in two faces which reflect the joy of love united, so nearly destroyed by shame and death. A man will go through fire and water to win the girl of his heart, but he will not allow her to see him with four days' growth on his ehin. " Porter, how long will the next train be?" "About a thousand feet, mum." It is the not doing more than the doing-, that weakens the good and strengthens the evil in our characters and lives. Sammy (reading) : " Ma, what does D. D. mean?" Mother: "Doctor erf Divinity, Sammy." Sammy; " Well, I can't make much out of this: 4 Get out of this, you doctoi of divinity scoundrel.1" (The smelling salts had to be applied.) 