THE HAUNTED MINE. By EDWARD DYSON. Old Pete, once Mr. Peter Burns, was an identity of Dodd's Diggings. He was amongst the earliest on the rush when Dodd struck the rich alluvial at The Crowfoot, the stretch of land skirting the serpentine creek from their portion of which Dodd and McMeikan took out six thousand ounces in six weeks, a "slice of luck " to which John Joseph Dodd, Esq., J.P., ascribes his present eminence, and which enabled generous, reckless Steve McMeikan to indulge his unhealthy craving for the "blue ruin" and "hand-made" whisky of the district to such an extent that the sight of that able-bodied digger rushing about Mopoke Hill in unconventional raiment presently lost its novelty, and nobody was very much surprised when a prospecting party found his body on the range seven miles out, where he had died fighting the gruesome creatures of his diseased imagination. Pete stuck to Dodd's diggings through many vicissitudes. He had seen its glory pass away, and had been content to scratch over the old tailings and puddle and cradle from daylight to dark for a few palty penny- weights, when the other miners had deserted the district as played out, and only the ring of the axe of some distant splitter indicated that the old field was not given over to its original solitude. He saw the 'possums and monkey bears return again to the brooding gums, and marked the saplings growing in thick green clumps about the deserted shafts and dull yellow tips, as if nature were hurry- ing to cover up and hide the ravages of her enemy—man. Then came a sudden return of popularity. A company had been floated at Bendigo to work the reef that was known to exist in the deep ground, and the news that the Happy-go-Lucky Gold-mining Company had started sinking, brought many of the old hands back to Dodd's. These were experi- enced and discriminating diggers, men who remembered that the small leaders and quartz veins they had worked to a certain depth years before, and had been compelled to abandon there in consequence of the enormous pressure of water below the level, would pay handsomely for the working as soon as the pumps to be put into operation in the deep mine had drained the country. No one was better acquainted with this fact than Pete. He had not pitched his tent on every field of consequence, from Old Jim Crow and Murdering Flat to the Gympie without knowing "the lay of the land." Long before the Happy-go- Lucky's lifts were in he had found a mate, and pegged out a claim. Then he sat down and patiently "shepherded," waiting for the water in the old shaft to subside. Dodd's Diggings rapidly assumed an ap- pearance of consequence when the Lucky struck the reef, and tenders were let for a twelve-head battery. The township now boasted a weatherboard post- office and two stores, besides a shanty or two, and a wattle- and-dab chapel, and was agitating for a policeman. Some of the bolder spirits even hinted at a joint demand for a special Parlia- mentary representative " to their own cheek," and moved for the erection of a galvanised- iron church with a bell, but these were re- garded as visionaries by the larger proportion of the inhabitants. The samples of stone from the Happy-go- Lucky lode sent to Ballarat for assay cleaned up three ounces seven pennyweights to the ton. Shares went up sky high in con- sequence, and the Happy-go-Lucky Extended, the Happy-go-Lucky No. 2, and the New North Happy-go-Lucky quartz- mining com- panies were floated without any difficulty, and money became so loose in and about Dodd's that no man who was willing to work for wages need go to be sober, unless he was anxious to win a reputation for eccentricity, and every second resident was a director in a progressing or a prospective mine. Mr. Peter Burns retained his characteristic gravity and cynicism in this time of great excitement and rash speculation. A number of parties of two were working the leaders and jumbled quartz veins, and doing well. Lawson and Green and Johnson and Martin took out remarkably rich patches, a few feet below the old level, and all were making the money fly in joyful anticipation of the same good luck—all with the exception of Pete ; he, although averaging two ounces a week clear, was still content with his primitive stringy-bark hut in the solitudes of One Man Gully, and with the companionship of his goats and his cornet. Burns's mate was Mr. Mike Cody--" son av Bart. Cody, Esq., County Munster, Oireland, un' edjikated fer a praste. D'ye moind that?" Mr. Cody was a good theoretical miner but a very tired man. He suffered from a chronic weariness, and not all the arguments of all the philosophers could convince him of the wisdom of working whilst he had the price of two drinks about him. He did work occa- sionally before the result of the last cleaning up was exhausted, but it was under pressure and protest, and with the feelings of a man sacrificing himself to the ridiculous whims of his friends. Mike's pet weakness was Irish whisky, but he also gambled with Chinese enthusiasm and without the least judgment, and he was as ready to take a hand at forty-fives or euchre with the first man that came along as he was to accept that individual's invitation out to the back when his excitement rendered a peaceable settlement of the game altogether impossible, although, as the boys expressed it, he couldn't fight " to keep him- self warm." It was considered remarkable that Pete, who was a "hard grafter," every inch of him, should have selected this lazy, light-hearted, light-heuded little Irishman for a mate—but Pete was always peculiar. The old hands knew that ever since the opening of the reeling on Dodd's, Burns had held a very high opinion of the locality he was now working with Cody. He it was who worked the claim down to the water level in the early days, and through the intervening years he had "shepherded" it, anticipating opera- tions for the defined reef, and confident of one day striking a magnificent patch, such as had already made the fortunes of six or seven parties on the field. The second gleam of prosperity that came to Dodd's was not genuine ; at the Happy-go- Lucky, the Extended, the No. 2, and the New North Happy-go-Lucky the gold was being put into the ground—it did not come out of it. The shareholders of the last three soon tired of sinking their capital in the shape of regularly recurring calls, and operations were suspended. The shallow reefing, too, began to give indications of paying out, and the Lucky, despite the extent of the lode and the glorious promise of the trial crushings, was not making expenses. There was a bad time coming again for Dodd's Diggings. The turnover at MacDougal's shanty was dwindling daily, in defiance of the charms and blandishments of the new barmaid from town—a gorgeous creature, with smudgy, red-ochred cheeks and a bold black eye. Diggers were rolling up their swags daily, and "humping bluey" to fresh fields ; the Lucky shares went down below zero, and the gaiety of the choice spirits at Monty's Assembly-room began to lose its spontaneity. Mike Cody had not had a fight for three weeks, and was getting low-spirited. He frequently talked of backing out and leaving for Dead Horse, where gold was plentiful. The Lucky slackened hands, and the share- holders were asking, in that nasty, insinuat- ing way peculiar to unfortunate shareholders, how it happened that the assays and the tr¡al crushings averaged 3oz. to the ton, and yet the stone wouldn't yield 4dwt. when put through their own mill. As if directors could ever answer such a conundrum ! It wanted a week till Christmas. The day had been fearfully sultry—one of those white-hot days common in the Goulburn Valley when there is a simmering mirage in every hollow ; when the birds and beasts seek some little shade into which to poke their heads, and stand gasping in miserable fellowship, and when the monotonous ring- ing whirr-whirr of the myriads of invisible locusts is the only sound that disturbs the silence. Pete had been over at the Extended forge pointing a couple of picks. He dropped the tools upon the slabs at the mouth of the shaft, and leant upon the windlass for a moment. "Halloo, on top there! That yersilf, Pete?" It was Mike calling from below. "Hi,hi !" "All serene up there ?" "All serene. What's the matter?" There was something peculiar in Cody's tone. Pete became strangely agitated. "Come down es quick es ye can fer th' love av Hiven! We've sthruck it—sthruck it rich!" Pete clutched nervously at the windlass guard, and turned as pale as was possible to a man with the tan of twenty Australian sum- mers in his skin. He set his teeth together, and braced himself with an effort, and pro- ceeded to fasten the picks to the rope and lower them below. Then having paid out the rope to its fullest extent, he grasped it and slid down into the darkness of the shaft. Next day neither Burns nor Cody was to be seen on Dodd's Diggings. On the follow- ing evening a miner who had leisure enough to be curious crossed to Dougal's Bend, and saw that Cody's tent and all his belongings had disappeared. It was also noticed that Pete's hut door was secured with a chain and padlock, and that the windlass and rope had been removed from their mine. Then those residents of Dodd's who were at all con- cerned decided that Cody had abandoned the claim, and that he and his mate had gone to Melbourne to spend the Christmas. They could catch the coach at Rushworth by leaving the diggings before daylight. The fact that Mike's name figured on the slate at Muck's shanty at the head of an elaborate sum in compound addition was sufficient reason for his departing by night, and with- out ostentation, not to mention his little bill at the store and sundry small accounts in various hands. There was no occasion to seek reasons for anything Pete might do ; his known eccentricity accounted for his action. On the day that Burns and his mate dis- appeared from Dodd's, the mining manager of the Happy-go-Lucky received orders from his directors to dismiss all hands, and shut down the mine until further orders. So the Happy-go-Lucky was stopped, the windows of the engine and battery houses were boarded up, all doors were locked, and the place was given over to the care of a watchman who was never sober, excepting under circum- stances over which he had no control. Pete returned to Dodd'a Diggings about four weeks later, as mysteriously as he had departed thence. Beturned to find the Lucky engines silent, and the water filling the work- ings of his own mine, and rising in the shaft. This discovery had an extraordinary effect upon him—it was totally unexpected. He stood at the mouth of the shaft, and peered into its dark depths, and cursed himself and Fate, and the Lucky's directors, till the foam gathered in the corners of his mouth, and his whole frame was convulsed with rage. Burns was, ordinarily, silent and im- perturbable ; now he raged like a lunatic, tore at his thin long hair, and beat with his clenched hands upon the windlass barrel, as if his furious humour could find no relief but in physical pain. Controlling himself a little, Pete rigged the windlass, attaching a nail-keg bucket to each end of the rope, and started baling with all his might. For an hour he worked at such a pressure that his accustomed hands blistered and bled, and the perspiration oozed through his ciimean shirt. He only paused on look- ing round, like one awakening from a night- mare, and discovering that he was an object of interest and facetious speculation to a crowd of idle diggers attracted to the claim by his extraordinary behaviour. His efforts had not lowered the waters two inches. Had he allowed himself one moment for rational consideration, he would have recognised the ridiculousness of his endeavours. The Lucky's pumps had been still for a month, and the whole of the country, like a vast sponge, was saturated with water again. "P'raps, Pete," suggested a jocular.miner, "when yer through with that contract you'll step acrost an' bale out the Goulburn with a gridiron." "Better drill a hole in the bottom an' let her drain," remarked another, with exag- gerated gravity. Pete gazed at them with wild eyes for a moment, and then he seemed to recover himself. He stopped baling, removed the rope from the windlass, unshipped tlie barrel, and loaded everything of value upon a barrow, which he wheeled away, returning no answer to the sarcastic remarks of the miners. Alter that he was never seen in the immediate vicinity of the old mine for many years. Whilst the country remained undrained the further working of the shallow veins was impossible, a fact that distressed very few, as the common idea was that no stone remained which could be worked at a profit. Dodd's Diggings faded for the second time as suddenly as it had risen. A few families whose heads had grown too apathetic to remove—the shiftless human derelicts, a number of which class remain on every worked-out field—remained to subsist on pork and potatoes of their own growing, but the great majoiity departed after the stopping of the Lucky. Huts were soon bereft of their bark by the elements, and the frames stood in silence and solitude, like bleached skeletons amongst the younggum trees that presently sprung up about them. The few deserted ramshackle weather- board houses began to lean away from the wind that often swept up the gully in fierce gusts, bowed lower and lower, as time went by, and finally collapsed, one after another, and the grass grew thickly between the boards, and the white ants gnawed them to dust. The bush resumed its sway over a great part of the field, and Dodd's Diggings became little more than a memory. The families remaining relapsed into a semi- civilised condition ; the children ran wild, and were remarkable for the scantiness of their attire, the extent and density of their ignorance, and their agility in the pursuit of 'possums and pigs ; the women were dis- orderly in their dress, shock-headed, and utterly ambitionless ; the men occasionally got a spell at one of the mines over towards Rush- worth, and occasionally did a little fossicking, but were usually to be found sitting on a fence or leaning up against the old engine- house smoking sheep-wash tobacco, and lazily discussing the good old times. Even the pigs were demoralised by the general de- pression, and preferred to wallow in the battery sand and bake in the sun rather than grub for the succulent "yams"on the hill-side ; and the fowls, when they were not clamour- ing insanely at the draggled skirts of the housewives, were foolishly pursuing the wary and unsubstantial grasshoppers that swarmed on the field. During these years Pete was the only energetic man on Dodd's Diggings. Every day saw him busy with " tom," and cradle, and tin dish, fossicking in the creek, with pestle and mortar, pounding up quartz speci- mens or prospects scraped from worked-out blocks, or away on the surrounding hills trenching and prospecting for new lodes. The people of Dodd's and the few settlers and " cockies " living at some little distance now begun to call Burns Old Pete, and to regard him as one of the ancient institutions of the district. Pete was at this time about sixty, but looked older. His face was deeply lined, his beard long, thin, and grey, like his patriarchal hair. He was very much bent, as if with constant stooping in low drives, and had not a spare atom of flesh upon his bones. He had been sun-baked and te-baked by the recurring summers till his skin was of the colour and texture of sole-leather. Pete had a dim, shifty eye—a furtive eye that would not be caught. He disliked human companionship, and was sullen and silent towards such persons as chanced to look in upon him at his hut or interview him by the creek, im- pelled by a curiosity to know something of Old Pete, the hermit and the original owner of the haunted mine. The old digger still occupied his bark hut in One Mun Gully, and delighted only in his comet and the company of his goats. It is doubtful if Pete ever really cared for any living thing besides, those goats. There was a story which the women of Dodd's were fond of telling strangers, to the effect that Pete came to Australia from England in the early days, when the gold fever had spread round the world, determined upon making his fortune and returning to the sweetheart who had sworn eternal constancy ; that he started working with a light heart, saw others bear away the golden treasure he sought in vain during many years, but toiled on till the ambition became a fixed passion, and still animated him, though he was old and alone and the sweetheart of his youth was dead and dust. What foundation there was for this is hard to say, but it was strange that whilst new fields were being opened up in other parts of Australia, and stories of enormous yields were passing about amongst the degenerate men of Dodd's Digging's, he was still content to fossick along the creek and potter amongst the old workings for the few pennyweights of gold that served to provide his rough food and scant clothing, spending each day at the some weary work and passing his openings in the solitary gully, sitting in the hut illuminated dimly by a puttering slush-lamp, playing old-fashioned tunes on his old-fashioned cornet—tunes that, when heard echoing on the distant hills or stealing through the moonlit avenues of the solemn bush, thrilled, the listener by their quaint melancholy, and held him entranced with their strange, sweet melody. Old Pete's reputation had now spread even as far as Bendigo, a fact to be ascribed to the association of his name with the story of the haunted mine rather than to his per- sonal peculiarities. His old mine, the claim he and Mike Cody had worked, was said to he haunted. The exact shape and status of the spectre that flaunted its diaphanous draperies and gibbered in the old shaft were never agreed upon. The rival oldest inhabitants described the goblin variously. By some the phantom was said to be a tall, stately woman in long, white cere- ments, who rose up from the black mouth of the shaft at certain hours of the night, uttered a peculiar marrow-chilling wail, and then subsided again into the darkness. Others told of a venerable digger of a Rip Van Winkle aspect, with his throat cut from car to ear, being hauled up on a spectral windlass by a phantasmal braceman at the dead of night. Yet another swore that at 12 o'clock exactly on certain nights anyone bold enough to venture to the mouth of the shaft and gaze fixedly into its depths for one hundred seconds would see the water twenty feet below become tinged with a phosphores- cent glow, and presently a ghastly white face, with wild, wide eyes and livid lips, would rise to the surface and glare at the intruder, and a long, skeleton hand would reach up and beckon three times. As the person who had the misfortune to see the spectre under these latter circumstances was, according to popular belief, certain to die a violent and exceptionally painful death within three months, Pete's mine was not generally regarded as a pleasant midnight resort. Of late years Pete had often been seen on moonlight nights standing in a striking attitude on Wombat Hill gazing fixedly over towards the spot where the great white gum spread its skeleton limbs and marked the vicinity of the haunted mine, and it was therefore assumed that he had more than a casual interest in the spook, ghost, or goblin that frequented the deserted claim. But when Pete was ques- tioned about the matter his extraordinary gift of profanity made itself evident, and he simply cursed his questioner without reserve and classed him with the beasts that perish. Dodd's Diggings, like many Australian townships that have blitzed up and flickered out, and blazed and faded again and again, was destined to enjoy the advantages of another rush. A gentleman of great weight in politics floated the Happy-go-Lucky Gold raining Company No Liability on the Mel- bourne market amongst a generation of speculators who knew nothing of the Lucky of other days. The amount of work done on the minc was represented as an additional inducement to investors, and the size and quality of the lode were dwelt upon at great length in a glowing prospectus. The public was artfully assured that the mine was not prospected, and that, although stone, of extraordinary richness must be available at a greater depth, the body of quartz reached in the old workings could be worked at a big profit under " our improved system," and with the latest gold-saving appliances. The Happy-go-Lucky went off beautifully in a booming market, and measures were taken to renew operations without delay. At this time, too, a field of payable alluvial wAs discovered about two miles off, and helped materially to restore prosperity to Dodd's. The news that the Lucky was to be worked again had a most remarkable effect on Old Pete. After spending many hours in his hut, in alternating fits of great agitation and pro- found thought, he went forth, and pegged out his old claim. Now the grey-headed digger attracted a good deal of attention and excited much remark by appearing on the claim every day, and remaining there for a certain time, doing a little pick and shovel work about the surface. Pete was shepherd- ing the huuntcd mine. The residents of Dodd's were amazed. They watched his movements jealously, and by their insinua- tions drew upon him the attention of the men employed about the Lucky, and the diggers working the alluvial on Mosquito Flat. An impression went abroad that there was.gold in the old mine. Pete fumed under the undesirable publicity, and relieved his feelings by swearing volubly to himself in frenzied whispers, a pleasant little habit that had grown upon him in his loneli- ness. Dodd's rapidly developed into a somewhat important centre again, under a high- sound- ing name. Stores were opened, Methodist meetings held, and for the first time the place rose to real dignity in the possession of a licensed hotel. Pete watched the work at the Lucky advancing with increasing anxiety, and when at length they got up steam, and the lusty respirations of the big pumping engine were heard once more from the old engine house, his agitation was apparent to every- body, and all were agreed that there must be good reason for it in the shape of golden stone in his mine. For a fortnight the water gushed in a constant stream from the lifts at the Lucky without making any great differ- ence below, and Pete spent most of his time watching in a fever of impatience as it flowed away. He seemed to have aged extremely during the last fourteen days ; he was bent almost double, and became woefully wrinkled and cadaverous. Every morning and even- ing he took measurements to discover the effects of the pumping at the Lucky on the water in the haunted mine, and presently the result became evident—the water began sinking, and continued to sink rapidly. Then Old Pete was stricken down with sickness, a kind of low fever accompanied with slight delirium. He could not leave his bunk for several days, during which time he was attended by Mrs. O'Brien, the new washer- woman of Dodd's. When at length his brain was quite clear again, the first item of intel- ligence that reached him was the news that Bunker and Owen Owens had jumped the haunted mine. The knowledge of his loss filled Old Pete with the most violent passion. He raved like a madman, and when left alone he slipped from his bunk, scrambled into his clothes, and rushed across to the mine, swaying and reeling as if under the in- fluence of drink, with hands and teeth tightly set and fiercely staring eyes. Bunker and Owens were running the rope on to their windlass when Pete reached them. Snatching a pick from the ground, he turned upon Owens in speechless fury and aimed a blow at his head, but two or three men standing by seized him, and he was borne back gasping inarticulate curses. Presently he found his voice. " Thieves ! Thieves ! Thieves ! " he shrieked. "This is my claim—mine for fifteen years ! I will brain the first man that goes below ! " " 'Twon't wash, Pete," said Bunker, coolly. "You never took out a right. We did. She's ours, an' we're goin' t' work her, bet yer life." "Bunker, you dog! you robber ! This claim is mine ! It is mine ! mine ! mine ! Pete spat his words at the usurpers, and his eyes gleamed furiously. There were stains of blood on his grey beard, and his hands clawed spasmodically, but the men held him fast. Bunker and Owens got on the rope, each with a lighted candle in his hand, ready to go below. They both affected a supreme contempt for the stories of the spectre in Old Pete's mine, but neither cared to go alone into the dark, slimy workings, with his mind full of the ghostly woman and the goblin digger with the gashed throat. " Lower away !" Down they went, and the man on top watched their candles flickering as they sank in the narrow shaft. Pete's struggles now became quite maniacal. He raved and cursed and kicked and bit at his captors but he was thrown down, and Long Ben pinned him to the ground as if he were a child. Bunker and Owens reached the lower level and stepped into the yawning drive. The timbers were still sound and the ground secure. Keeping close together, and throw- ing the light of their candles before them, the two men walked along the drive towards the face, expecting to find there something rich to account for Pete's agitation Pre- sently they stopped simultaneously, paralysed with horror, with trembling knees and hands, and faces that had suddenly become bloodless Clinging to each other for courage and support, they each as it im- pelled by one will, raised a quivering candle, and gazed at the terrible object before them Part of the footwall had run in, stopping their progress, and on the top of the heap, sharply outlined against the white reef, lay a perfect skeleton, black, bare, and ghastly, with a fearful rift in its grinning skull The candles fell from the hands of Bunker and Owens, and hissed out in the wet clay, and the men uttered a simultaneous yell of horror, and turned and fled back to the shaft floundering in the water, and knock- ing their heads against the cap-pieces in the impenetrable darkness. They caught at the rope together, and Bunker shrieked— "Heave up, for the love of God !" Bunker and Owens were drawn to the sur- face, and appeared before the assembled men ghastly pale, blood stained, wet, and smeared with clay Bunker fell on his face upon the grass grown tip, and lay there panting, but Owens supported himself against the windlass, and his eyes sought Old Petes face, and met his eyes with an appalling stare. Pete was liberated, and he glared back into Owens's accusing orbs. He advanced a few trembling steps, and stood like one expecting his death blow, his dry lips drawn back from his teeth, and the per- spiration standing in large drops upon his brow. Then Owens raised his shaking hand and pointed an accusing finger at Pete. "You murdered Mike Cody !" he said. Half-a-dozen men sprang at Pete, but he eluded them and rushed down the side of the hill, with his long thin hair streaming bounded him. Heading for the Lucky, he bounded across the battery sands on the flat, his pursuers on his heels. He was an old man just off a bed of sickness, but he seemed to be possessed of supernatural strength and fleetness and outran his enemies. The bracemau at the Lucky heard the shouts, divined Pete's intention and rushed to pre- vent him, but was too late. The old digger sprang into the open shaft and disappeared from view. They heard his body strike the centres, once, twice, three, and silence followed When brought to the surface again Old Pete was quite dead, battered beyond recog- nition. Bunker and Owens each took a small for tune out of the haunted mine, but the dark waters fill the shaft again to-day, and the people of Dodd's Diggings point out the claim to strangers and speak in awed whispers of a ghostly figure that rises to the surface at the midnight hour, and points a black, bony hand at a gaping rift in its skull, and subsides again with an awful groan. 