ON THE WATCH. I By 'Bentinei,.' ? What ? hornet's neit baa been stirred nn by my remarks of » week ego on tbe have rushed Into print to defend tbelr favourite position »nd to show bow Utterly iRnorant end blind I most be. Gne stao o oh Israelite sayB It h very evident I em not* Biblical etudenL while the otber poinu nut id at euoer t kdow notblne of Anflo-Israellsm or tbat my mental belanoe bM been dlatiirbed. Be It so I am quite content. Icnnfew I am not ibe Biblical student I might be ; but I would like to say straight oat Ibnt I um uot an Anglo-Ieraelltr, not becsnne I know nothing sunut tbe tbeory, bin be pause I know too muob of it. I know what , been written. ' Bentloel' bat read Mr.'Hloe's well-known books, aod ns for tbe Banner of Israel, be bas read no end of numbers of tbat remarkable poblios tloD to eay nothing of other literature; and tbe conclusion be long ago arrived at was wblie Aoglo-Iraelism might be a aableot oalculated to afford a little inno-, cent recreation, yet it In reality was a fad, t- erase, a ghost. Life is too ebnrt to be spent In pursuing eucb speculations. That passages of tbe Scriptures are twisted snd made to convey meanings never in tended, Is amply borne eat by one of tbe champions before-mentioned. He says tbst wben our Saviour said—'1 1 am not sent bat anto tbe lost sbeep of tbe boose of Israel,' He meant tbe lost ten tribes. Tbere can be perpetrated no greater out rage on Biblical exposition than tbls. Tbe otber ohamplon blnta tbat tbe Anglo Isrselltiea are working a veritably rich goldmine, and accuses me of presumption because I question tne net. Hot there Is a goldmine tbe returns or wblob are beyond all computation, and wblch if both my friend and myself, as well at everybody else, were to diligently work would make as rioh men. Here It Is 'Cbarlty sofferetb long, and Is kind.' That is Infinitely beyond Anglo- Ieraelleoa or any otber tbeory. I shall eay no more. Miss Ackebhan bas bidden farewell tj Australia after having done good work In connection with tbe W.C.T.U. 8be bas bad a fairly good innings, aod de serves all tbat has been said in ber favour. Indulging In a little by-play wben ssylng fsrewell, ebe remarked sbe was not going home to be married, and that she didn't know if any one wanted ber. Now tbst sbe possesses £1000, sbe may come across so amorous swsln In tbe States and do what every sensible woman ought. Miss Ackerman, however, ebould be more careful wben ebe quotes figures. At tbe autl-oplum meeting In Sydney ehe said tbst at Port Darwin 30001b. of oplom were consumed annually by 480 people, wbo spent £10,000 on the drug. If ebe waa correctly reported, It is evident tbat abe did oot know what sbe was talking about. Had ebe eeid 4,800 people ebe would bave been nearer tbe mark, and tbat two out of every three were Chinese. I am In thorongb sympathy with tbe movement to prohibit tbe importation of opium to tbeee colonies. Chinese are not tbe oo'y people wbo use it. Tbe aboriginals are being quietly killed off by It, tbe cauakas are fond of it, end Europeans are becoming addicted to tbe habit of Ftcaklng it. Miss Ackerman has done magniQeent service In rouslog up tbe Australian Women folk on aooisl ques tions ; and what I should like now to see would be two of Australia's best womsn sent round tbe world to advocate tbe | same subject. America is fond of sending oot globe-trotters without a penny in tbeir pockets. Let America bave tbe opportunity of welcoming and keeping delegates from tbe Great Boutb Land. Judging by tbe comber of football clubs we now bave, I am beginning to wonder where we shall be Isnded loa few years. Not tbat I bave anything against football of Itself. Played within reason and by reasonable people, it Is a game calculated tn do good ; but are we now witbln reason? It is football to tbe right, football to tbe left, and football all round, and open Monday morning till Saturday nlgbt. We are going mad on football. A gentleman in England re cently prophesied tbat tbe next genera tion would be all legs, and tbst men's brains wonld go down and help to ewell tbe legs oot. Tbere Is something in tbat view of tbe matter. However, whatever tbe resalU may preve to be, everything now bas to give way tn football. Even tbe boya' department of oae of our local state ecboole Is to tie dismissed balf an boor earlier on Frldaysdorlng tbe season to afford tbe teachers and lads an oppor tunity of being in time for matches on those days ! Everything must go down before football. Well done. Ferry Board t I admire tbe Courage of tbe chairman and members in redaolog tbe fares tor dossing tbs river at Tinanaby one-half. It was shown clesrly enough that tbe attention could be made without prejudice to tbe liabili ties, and it was only right tbat tbe people who use tbe punt abould be considered. It was a simple question as to whether tbe people existed for the punt, or tbe punt for tbe people, and the Board bas answered tbe question in a eeoslble war. It seemed tbat ths Bridge Board went out of its way to attempt to keep to the old tariff, ou tbe ground tbat wben tbe bridge was erected tbat tariff would bave to be charged to meet obligations, and tbat to reduoe tbe fare* now and to In crease tbem tben would be an unwise polioy. Did tbe members of the Bridgs Board ever learn logic wben tbey were eohoolboys? If e man, according to tbelr showing, is suffering a hardship, eay balf-atarvlng, no relief must be given to blm to-day becaoss to-morrow be will be In exactly tbe same condition. It just shows tbst wben once a burden ia im posed, bow difficult it Is to get It removed. Fbou all acoounta, tbe absolute poverty in Melbournelselmostlncredltable. The article pobllsbed tbe otber day, describ ing tbe utter destitution tbat obtains amongst msny families in tbe great city of tbe Boutb, hrobeht tbe matter startl Ingly before as. Wbo could ever bave thought tbat Ic Australia— tbe land of gold and antold wealth, of flooks and herds tbelr owners do not know wbst to do wltb— such misery was posslbls? Had tbe writer described tbe worst psrt of London, tbe description wonld not bave been mors harrowing. It Is a shame tbst eueb a state of things exists. We are simply reaping wbat we sowed, Yesrs ago we went mad In tbe effort to get fain, te makemoney, to become rlob : and all this wretobedness is tbe result or It, Had we bsen content to bave gone along at a slower and sorer psce, Austra lia would bave been prosperous to-day, and gaunt want unknown lo our cities. Coming nsarsr borne, we are made pain fully aware of great destitution tbat exists even in Maryborough. Dozens of men ere walking tbs streets, wblle their families are In a slate of semi- starvation. All tbey want is work, but none is to be found. But, notwltbstsndlog all tbls, Queenslsnd appears to bs much batter off than aome of tbe othsr colonies, and Indi cations point to tbe nsar futurs as a time wben things generally will bs In a more flourlsblog condition. Hops and labour, faith and works, will pull things to* gsther ; and every man must do bis best to hasten tbe good time tbst Is surely oomlng. This reminds ma of wbat Isbslng dons by hundreds of kanakas on the Tweed River, just over tbe border, In New South Wales. Having bad a Urge experltnoe In tbls colony In the cultivation of sugar oaue and other things, tbey bave gone to tbe neighbouring oniony, where a I kanaka Is free to do as be thinks best, taken up land, and actually become em ployers of wblte labour I Tblnk of It, ye desplssrs of the South Sea cootie 1 Tbe tables are being turned wltb a vengeance. But why cannot wblte people do wbat tbe black pimple are doing? Surely there could be no greater parody upon our boasted independence and empty talk than kanakas constituting themselves masters, while tbe white man gladly b» comes the servant at a pound a week and bis kesp 1 We oan take the flattering unotlnn to our eonls that we are oiviltslog tbd erstwhile cannibal and tbat he Is falling Into Hue wltb tbe rest of tb» world. Our municipal authorities should see Into tbe water-supply. We bsve tbe supply witbout a doabt ; but lately It has been of a very dieooloured, If not muddy, character. A good many of tbe towns people, who are not fortunste enough to btve tanks, bave bad tbelr tea turned into something like tbe appearanoe of. pea-soup tbe laet few weeks, and tbey are naturally asking tbe question— ' How lone |e this rniinDr to Iast7' It would bs well ror tbe water-supply committee to look Into tbe matter. Is tbe water dis coloured because of tbe new pipes isld down in tbe river? If so, we have tbe satisfaction, at any rate, tbst iron is good for tbe physical oonBtitutlou ; but tbe line most be drawn somewhere. If tbe pre sent oondltlon of things Issts mnob longer many of tbe citizens will bave eaob swal lowed a- good-eized Iron pipe ; and tbat may prove to be too much of a good thing. ________ 