RELIGIOUS NEWS. An American Evangelist.—The Rev. W. H. Daniels, M, Ay author of "The Life end Work of D. L. Moody, the Great American Evangelist," and other well-known works, who arrived in Adelaide en route to Japan on j Friday, preached at the Pirie-atreet Wesleyan Ohuroh on Sunday morning. The rev. gentle man is patriarchal in appearance, having a long flowing white beard. He has a pleasant delivery, and the American accent is just per ceptible in hiB speech. He congratulated the congregation on the great work that had been accomplished during the past few weekB through the instrumentality of the Rev. Thomas Cook, and said it seemed to him that the eubjeot most appropriate, after the conclusion of the wonderfully suooeBsful services, would be the doctrine of the communion with the Holy Ghost. He took his text from 2 Corinthians, xiii. 14, "The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the commu nion of the Holy GhoBt be with you all." During the course of an interesting and in structive Bermon, which he illustrated so admirably as to make it comprehensive to all, he said that owing to their relying too much on their own judgments instead of going to the Holy Ghost, they were beooming worldly, sensual—he would not say devilish—and their Christianity was beooming so largely human and made up of siioh a vast pro portion of logic and philosophy that there was a deoadence of spiritual light among those men and women who were trying to live true Christian lives. If there were any converts in connection with the reoent services who might think they had a oall to the minis try he would remind them to make Bure that that call was not some other noise. Under a misconception young men had joined the ministry, and they had in the pulpits of the great Methodist fraternity many men who, although clear, right, sound, reasonable, and orthodox on matters of theology, were unable for eome reason or other, to lead people to the higher experiences. The oommunion of the Holy Ghost was the secret power of auoh Heaven-honoured men as Thomas Cook, 1). L. Moody, and others. These evangelists both taught and practised this divine doo trine, which would lit the humblest lives. The venerable divine preaohed at the Parkside WeBleyan Church in the evening. Personal.—From the Christian Weekly for April 27:—Mr. Edwin Sara, after several years of faithful Cburoh work at Broken Hill, has left with his family for Albany.—The Rev. H. Daniels, M. A., of the M.E. Ohuroh, reaohed Adelaide yesterday, ou his return journey to India.—The Rev. Richard Martin and his daughter will be leaving for England next Wednesday.—The Right Hon. H. H. Fowler, M.P., who in the re-arrangement of the British Government has bsoome Secretary of State for India, is a prominent and aotive MebhodiBt.—In conseqnenoe of illness, Mrs. Hiatt, wife of the Rev. W. T. Hiatt, has not been able to remove from Mait land to Broken Hill, and the latesy aooounts are of an unfavourable oharaoter.— The Rev. W. Henry, who was appointed to Wentworth by the last New South Walea Conference, is in Adelaide, on hie way to his new appointment. From the Christian Colo nist The Rev. A. Metters, Baptist minister, of Kapunda, has been suffering from a severe attack of rheumatio fever, from which he is now recovering.—The Australasian Indepen dent states that the Rev. W. T. Kench, of Broken Hill, has declined an invitation to beoome assistant pastor to the Rev. F. W. Cox, of this oity.—Dr. J. G. Pa ton has paid a visit to Oxford in the interests of the New Hebrides Mission. He followed Dr. Pflei derer, a representative of tbeGermanRationa listio school.—The Rev. T. E. Pierce, B.A., formerly of Port Adelaide, now pastor of the Southport Congregational Churob, Queens land, has been appointed Secretary of the Congregational Union in that oolony. The Chief Secretary and the Chuboheb. —Id the oourse of a Bermon on the subject of prayer on Sunday week last at St. Paul's Churoh, Port Adelaide, the Rev. F. W. Sam well referred to some of the remarks of the Hon. J. H. Gordon at Port Adelaide recently, whose utterances, he said, had oaused pain to many. Alluding specially to the remarks of Mr. Gordon with regard to the daily minis tration at the Cathedral, it was evident, the rev. gentleman said, that the speaker had not realized the objeot of the daily servioe. It was diffioult to understand how a clergyman oonduoting evensong could be said to be erec ting G ft. walls with broken bottleB on the top. If he meant that the worshippers were being protected and kept in the fold by auoh a wall his words might be correct. Ab to wor shippers being good enough without euoh a service, this was a pure assumption on the part of the speaker, and he had no right to judge between God and thorn. Mr. Gordon had also stated that Christ would not have been in the Cathedral at that time, but on the Park Lands. Those who attended daily servioe were oertainly not those who had no regard for their fellowmen, and twenty minutes spent eaob day in worship and prayer would not hinder anyone from doing their utmost for others—indeed, it would strengthen them in the midst of mis understanding and rebuff to continue in their good work. 