JTHE -REDD.SPECTRE ANS IHE l EMPEROR. "Tell him that the Red Man is wait ing for an audience." t "Him" was Napoleon the Great; the command was addressed to Count de Mold,.the.Emperor's counsellor.-; and ihe speaker- was: the -Red- Spectre,:whose mission it was to watch =overthe .deti nies of the-Little Corporal. : - , The Spectre, fantastically;dressed in Red trousers, blouse, and cap, was- tld 1 that his Majesty was busy and must ion 1 no consideration be interrupted. " The only answer that the 'apparition' deigned to return to this message was. that- he must see Napoleon-must see 1 him alone, and at once. ! Still the Emperor refused point.. blank to grant this importunatebeing an inter view. "But I must see him," he persisted.. ".Tell him- the Red-Man is waiting forfan audience." \- Trembling and awestruck at- the im perious tone of the Phantom,: Count Ide Mold againmwent on tiptoe to the royal room and delivered the'mysterious mes sage. It is said when Napoleon beard -this message he became a spectacle pitiable to behold. * The Man of Iron grew ghastly white, and his arms dropped at his side like lead; but though he was completely un nerved, he managed! to give- orders fon the admission of the unwelcome guest. \- Then-there ensued one of the most ex tihordinary tonversadions that-ever wer held.. Count de Mold, whose curiosity had been raised to the hikhest- pitch, played -the--eavesdropper, and. overheard the greater part, if not- all of the remarkable dialogue. " General," said the Red Spectre, ' This is the third time I have appeared before you as a man. The first time we met ,was in Egypt, at the-Battle of the Pyra mids; the second, after the- Battle of .Wagram. "When we met at Wagram,.l granted you four more- years in which to com plete the conquest of all- Europe or to make a general peace, threatening -that if you did not perform one of these two things within the allotted time I would withdraw my protection from you. " Now, I.come for the third and last time to warn you that you have but three .short months of power. In three months from this hour the Allies will be invad ing Paris if you do not take -my advice and sue ,for- peace. 'A general peace must' be 'perfected within ninety days, else your sway will be limited to a small bleak island of the sea. Remember, all will be over with you if you do not achieve a conquest or accede to peace within that time." Napoleon then endeavoured, with a -degree, of superstition that is well nigh incredible in such a man-and yet not altogether strange either when one comes to think of it-to reason with the Phan tom and to extort easier terms. He pleaded that it was impossible for him to make an-honourable peace in three short months. "Do as you please," returned the Red Man, "but I'will not change my resolu tion. :Now I go," he said, as- he opened the door and strode down the hall, fol lowed by the .Emperor and Mold, who pretended to have been standing on guard at the second door from the room in which the conversation had been held. His imperial Majesty begged of the Red Man to stay, but all to no purpose. "Three months-no longer," shouted the Spectre -as he disappeared at the end of the hall. -Just three months to a day from the time-of the'Red Ghost's warning, the Al lies entered Paris (March, 31, 1814), and Napoleon abdicated -four- days after wards. He was allowed to retain the title of Emperor, but the sole sovereignty he exercised was over the tiny island of Elba, which-was the little bleak isle of the sea that had been held up to his mind's eye by the Red Man in the pro phetic.talk of the preceding'New Year's Day. It is but fair: to add that the official documents- upon- which the account of the Red Spectre's interview with Na poleon is based were. signed by the Count de Mold and the guard. The:former, it will be remembered, overheard the conversation; .the latter. attempted in vain to stop the Ghost when he demanded admission. Moreover, it is said that the story had-been one of the traditions of the-French Court ever since the singular visit took place. Still; the whole tale wears a very suspicious look, and it isgiven here.with all reserve. We thinkc our -old triel d. Mr. Burchell, bf "The Vicar of Wakefield,", would have uttered many a Fudge / could .he have read. the statement of the Count de .Mold. \- It is notorious that Napoleon was cre -dulous. He had a firm belief in his star -of destiny; and General Rapp has re corded -an instance of the " Corsican Up-. start's" behaviour while under the influ ence of this curious spell. Rapp, whose brilliant defence of Dan. wig was at the time the theme of. univer sal animation, once suddenly called on Napoleon and walked into ..the latter's room wholly unannounced. The Emperor sat by the window per fectly still, gazing intently upon the heavens; INoticing his.presence had not been observed, Rapppushed a chair with noise enough to. attract Napoleon's at tention. Yet the latter-made; no ,sign, and seemed utterly oblivious of every thing. Perceiving this, Rapp rushed to the side of the Emperor, fearing that -he had fallen into a stupor,: when the latter, without .taking. his eyes from the. heavens for an instant, seized Rapp by Tae arm, and exclaimed in a-loud tone of vOICe "Look there; up there.?? "I see nothing butthe pale, twinkling stars," returned Rap, qietly. .. -"What," exlaimed the Emperor, ex citedly; "is it possible that you do.not -eeny-star -the Sergred one7 almet-ap large 'as the moon It is..before yoau now, and oh, how-brilliant." Then, warming at the sight, -he: fairly shrieked as he cried out, "It has never abandoned me for a single instant; I see iton allgreat occa sions.; it commands me to go foward; it is my sign ofgood-fortune, and where it leads I will follow.' Rapp said .that he.really screamed as he uttered the words "I will follow," and thai his face was livid as he seated him self in confusion and suppressed excita. ment. Several minutes elapsed before the .Emperor was calm enough to take pati' in'ordlnary 6a iceruatron,. -. Car.relirse'rstSau,,?, .ev.os.J "You 'should never take" anything that dq.sn't agree with you,":.the phy.. s"iciain oldhim, ff If I'd always followed, that rule, Maria,? be remparke to his, wife, "where wguld you beI' ' . Anexphlorer declares that nothing can equal the ignorance of the people of Northern Syria. L i: Spectator-" Why, the cePntre-.Beld i singing while running." Itoekholdew--* " yes, that's a trisk of his." Speetator- "What's he singing 'P ' 8tockholder " After the bal." Mamma--" When that boy throw setonep' at you why didn't you come and tell me,: instead of throwinlg them back P" Little Son-- Tell you I ,Why, you couldn't hit a barn door." "I told you to go to the devil with that bill," exclained the sagrj editor. "'rAnd I w nt," sid' the cooolcollector, "but the d5yepva twR wrcewingphi, too." l ?it'e stock. .1 water, iill mint ocamead, 