A False Security. By xbe Lath Bet. C. H. Sfosoeoe. Many *w£ll say to me m that day," Lord; Lord, have we not prophesied in Thy name, and in Thy musehare cast out devils, and in Thy jiame done many wonderful works J"—Matthew v5» 23. I know what some of you think: " X am not a professor, I am. not a prophesier. I never thought of casting' out devils, or of doing wonderful works." Will you read on after my text. Here is something for yon: " Whosoever heoreth these sayings of Mine." You are & hearer; and if the Gospel you hear has been so perfectly brought down to us that it is zightly called the "sayings" of Christ, then you are included here. Yet, remember there are multitudes of hearers who, from not being doers, will not be known. "I never forgot to go j X was as regular there as the minister himself." Yes; but my Lord won't know you unless your heart shall know Him. If you live without repentance and without faith, you may go till you totter on your staff into the house of prayer; and you may never once have been an inattentive hearer; j but except faith cornea to you in the hearing, and that faith shall make you a doer of the word, verily, verily I toy unto you, when the wind begins to blow, and the floods to rise, your house be discovered to be founded an the ntui shall be swept away for ever! Tike the test with that which cometh before it —and with that which cometh after it; and there is something here for everyone of ns 0, it is a fine thing to believe you are quite sure of heaven, and to ring: "Happy day, happy day I" But suppose yon are not saved after all! " Oh," says one, "I cannot bear that supposi tion.'1 But it may be true; and if it be true, what a mercy to find it out now, when, in a moment, you may flee away to Christ and find eternal life! "Whereas, if you do not find it I out till those unhappy men and women found i it out in the text, yon will find it out too late! 1\. Now just notice how these people found out their false security. They found it cut from what Christ said. He said, "Inever knew you;" not passionately, angrily, but with a stern, sad, solemn voice—"X never knew yon." "We used Thy name, good Lord." "Iknow yoa did, but I never knew you ; you never knew Me." Oh, in that day I can fancy one turning round and saying to some Christian that sat in the same pew,— "Youknewzne?" "Yes, I knew you, but it is of so avail The Master didn't lmow you." Perhaps the worst of it, though it may not seem so, is the solemn truth of it! Christ never tells a lie; and if He says to a man—"I never knew yon," it was true. I wonder if there are any of you like this! Now Christ knows all who ever sought his face with tears and repentance; but these people, though they had preached, and so on, had never dose that! David said; " Thou hast known my sonl in adversityand these men never sought God, never had fellowship with Christ I "I never knew you." "No," says Christ, " I never saw yon beggar at My door: I never saw you a dis ciple at My feet; I never saw you a humble follower treading in My footsteps; X never saw you as a sheep that knew My voice and followed Me I I tcfi you I never knew you. You are a stranger to me! You and I never exchanged a word; we were not friends! You never leaned your head on My bosom; yoa had nothing to do with Me, and now I have nothing to do with you." And when Christ shakes you off and says, "I never knew you," you are shaken off indeed. But, ahf never let us be amongst the self deceived who shall, at the lost, be among the number of those of whom Thou shalt ray, never knew you!" They attempted to do wonders, and they did do them; but they never did anything in secret; they were ready enough to do the things that everybody saw; but what nobody saw, they would not do them ! And let me here say that here is our danger—that of getting a religious character without a new heart; that of getting to do religious actions without getting to be bora again; getting the hrogue of Jeruralem without ever being bom in the City of God ; to be very fluent talkers and very earnest workers, but never to have relented of sin, and laid hold of Christ by i living faith! The terror of His words lies in what He did not say. " Depart from Me, ye that work ' iniquity;" there is nothing else said. Thatis a solemn word in the hymn we sing, " Name less woe." There is no name for it that can ever fully describe it; for if Christ does not know you, and says He never did; if you have no acquaintance with the Redeemer, and in His loving heart there is no peace for you; if on His bosom your name was never worn; for He says, "I never knew you;" ah, thnn, woe, woe, a thousand times woe! Without hope for you! Tor to be unknown of WTm is to be unknown of hope for ever and fur ever I 2- And tfiia brings me to my second point— that -we may now obtain an unfading security. How id that to be done, ask you? By be lieving and receiving God's "Word, through the application of His Holy Spirit. Jesus Christ does not save men while they reject and refuse Him; and that Book does not save anybody until the Holy Ghost with power speaks to tho soul; and when He does it is the Word of God in another sense. Just as of old, 44 He spake and it was done." He said, "Let there be light, and there waa light," so now there must be a distinct call from God to man, or he will not come to God; and the living Word must leap from the mouth of the laving God or the Bible will bo a dead letter; and from Christ they will turn away as if it were nothing to think that Jesus died. Brethren, you that have a sure security by faith in Christ, did you not obtain it by the power of the Holy Ghost? You know yon must. Then do not forget that it was His work; for there is no faith in the world that will save except that which comes from, the operation of the spirit of God. There is no glance of the eye to Christ upon the Cross that is a true saving glance but such as the spirit of God has given. But some of you will say, 44 Ah me! Would that the spirit of God would speak to me I" Be not deceived; Ho is speukingto yon now. The Word, when faithfully preached, hath a power from the spirit of God. It is true that men may resist it, but rhey add to their sin in so doing. As said the man of God of old, "Ye do alway resist the Holy Ghost; as your fathers did, so do ;e." Let us explain what the spirit of God does | not do. You are not saved by hearing about ; Christ. Ho would not bring you a new way of salvation, or bring you another Saviour; and if yon are not saved by the Word of God, He will not be likely to use any other means. : "If they bear not Moses and the prophets, I neither will they be persuaded, though one i rose from the dead." You are not to sit still : and.say, "Except Ihare some signs or won ! deralwillaofc telieveyon shall have no signs except the sign of the dying Saviour risen from the dead. Now, just note; when men are first led by the Spirit of God, they do not know it is the Spirit of God; they : e moved, and made to judge, and decide and believe. They are, however, agents in the work, and they act as such; but it is afterwards they discover that the Spirit of God has been leading them. Now, if you wait until you know it is the Spirit of God moving you, you will wait for ever. No man knows the Spirit of God is at work within him until He comes to Christ. As no man can come to the Father but by the Son, so no man knows the Spirit of God but by Christ. What does the Spirit of God do for you ? What I hope He is in many cases doing now. He makes you willing; I trust you are. He makes yon conscious of your danger, and I trust you 3re conscious. He makes you to understand the remedy, and I think you do understand it, and He leads you sweetly and effectually to accept what God provides. •♦TKcfcflTwl nil »» A.. "His hand does all," says one. Ay, beloved, ; it is a great all, too. But are you come to it ? Do you feci now you can say, " I do trust Jesus?" Then it is the Spirit of God which you have got within you; you need not ask ! any questions about it. Once admit I 44 Fain I feel My heart believing,' * j and you trust yourself no longer; but the sweetest name to you is the name of Him that bled upon the tree. That is what the Spirit of , God has done. " It seems so little, it seems I might have done it myself." Ah, but that i little thing, that " Go, wash in Jordan, and he \ clean." that is thehurd thine* r thpnmr\b<»t clean," that is tbehardthing; "If theprophet had bid thee do tome great thing wobld'stthou ' not have done it ?" If it were hard it would : have been easy ; but because it is easy it is bard. If you have taken that simple step, my brother, and bnve obtained redemption through the blood, then happy are you, for you have an unfailing security" and you will sing songs of gladness. 3\. Then beloved—for to-night I want to give a word, to the believers as well as the un converted—depend upon, this, that as soon as you realise you have that security in Christ, then you will begin to work for Him. And yours will not be a halt-hearted service either, but you will be on fire for God—full of zeal and earnestness. Ob, how sadly we lack these giftsuiowadays. Here let me tell you an anecdote that is related of the holy Mr. Y/hitefield. He* stopped at one time in a certain town in the house cf a general, who treated him very kindly. The general was not converted. He had an amiable wife and laving daughters, but they knew nothing of the truth. Wbitefieli wished to speak to them about it. The devil said to him, 44 Now, George, don't say a word to these good people; it will grieve them; they bate been so lrind lo you. "Why, you cannot tell the general, 4 Except a man bo born again he cannot see the kingdom of God'; they would be too harsh words to address to< such a man as that. And you cannot talk to the wife and daughters concerning the things of the kingdom; sec how kind they have been to you! The warning will not come well from one who has been so much obliged to them as you.'1 And no doubt the flesh a little aided the temptation; so that when White field retired to rest that sight he had not spoken to any of the persons- of the house, ' according- to hie usual wont, concerning the Gospel of Christ. This troubled him. The Lord visited him by night, and said to him, 1 "Thou art My servant, and yet thou hast not done My work;" and conscience whispered, "These people have been, kind to you; is it not great unkindnesa not to warn them of the wrath to come?" And then the Spirit said, " You dare not leave this place until you have addressed to them a word that might to blessed to their souls.** But still the flesh was strong, and George did not dare say a word. How ever, when the .flesh failed, God came in, and directed His servant's mind. George took off his diamond ring, and wrote upon the window-pane, "But one thing thou lnckest;" and having prayed all night over that pane of glass, he went his way. No sooner had he gone than the master of the house entered the room, and the first thing that caught his eye was this writing on the window pane, " But one thing thou Iackest." The thought flashed across his mind, " Then this holy man of God loves my soul; I thought that he did not love it; for he said not a word to me abontifc;it appears that he does. "Wife," said he, "come here and see what is on that window.'* " Yes," said she, " depend upon it, he has been unhappy in our house. We have done the best wo could to make him comfortable; but because we don't love the Lord, he has been disturbed and unhappy," and they both stood there and wept. The Spirit of God was at work in their heart; they wereconvincedof the truthofthatsentence, "Onetbingthoulackesfc." Call up the children, said the father. And the son and the three daughters came; and, strange to tell, the whole of them were that moment converted to God at the sight of that text, and around the bed the whole family knelt—six of them—and bowed their kuees confessing their sins, and rose up' believing in the Lord Jesus Christ. A member of the church under the pastoral care of my dear brother Dr. Armitage has now in her posses sion the very pane of glass on which Whitefleld wroto those words, and she tells the story of how her mother was one of those daughters who were thus converted to the Saviour. Now, you that canuot speak to others will you try to do something else ? If you cannot preach, you will do as "Whitefield did ; you will be writing on scraps of paper, and leaving them on tbo road ; you will be taking tracts in your pocket; you will be doing what you can by kind sentiments, by sweet words, by kind enticements to bring sinners to the footstool of the Cross of Christ. Do not get arguing. 