JOTTINGS. Luoy Boom, youngest daughter of the chief of the Salvation Army, is to be married shortly to a Swede. Excavations in Upper Egypt have brought to light a set of wooden statuettes of soldiers, showing the costumes of the troops of the Pharoahs. The Soudanese of to-day are clad and equipped exactly like the pyramid-builders.. " A hop.picker's child died at Goud hurst, England, recently, and at the inquest the mother said she slept in a hop-hut with 18 others, with the rats running over them, and the water pouring through the roof. Ladies in London have taken to wearing a miniature watch outside the dress or jacket suspended by a slender chain, which in turn is attached to a brooch pin. It is a great temptation to thieves, -and already scores of West End ladies have been robbed in broad daylight. Some watches thus. carried off were studded with jewels. The newest thing in America is a musical dinner service. The soup plates, as they are put on the table, play a march, the dinner plates miscellaneous melodies in sets, while the dessert plates dispense light opera tic airs. An author named Simms, who when a boy lost both hands through being caught in machinery, and now writes with a piece of leather fixed on the stump of his right arm, has just pub lished a book on the bibliography of Staffordshire. It is reported that during a fire in the British Navy Yard Building on Ireland Island, in the Bermudas, an admiral directed the, operations of the fire brigade from Halifax, Nova Scotia, a distance of 900 miles from the scene of the action. A French musician has been mak ing a study of street cries, with the result that he finds that many com posers have stolen their themes from the vondors of oysters, asparagus, and turnips. Excavations show that Pompeii, which existed six centuries before Obrist; was well paved and well sup plied with drinking water, Some of the earliest inscriptions related to elections. A German has invented a means of making artificial whalebone. The material is leather soaked for two or three days in sulphate of potassium, and then stretched on a frame, slowly dried, and exposed to a high tempera ture. It is afterwards put under heavy pressure, with the result that it becomes hard and elastic. This will be good news for the whales. Torpedo scissors, a new form of tor pedo net cutt&r; invented by a Danish naval Officer, have proved successful, it 'is said, in recent tests. They are fixed to the head of the 'torpedo, and 'fall apart on striking( the net, cutting it, so as to let the torpedo pass through and strike the ship. The bicycle is winning a reputation for itself in America. It has been publicly recognised there as a re generate sort of machine that a man may ride to church on without future risk. Provision had been made in several churches for bicycle storage during services, and in one the an nouncement to that effect was made from the pulpit. The theatres in 3apan have a novel method of pass-out tickets which are positively not transferable. When a person wishes to leave the theatre be fore the close of the performance, with the intention of returning, he goes to the doorkeeper and holds out his right hand. The doorkeeper then, with a rubber stamp, imprints on the palm the mark of the establishmont. <At Mostar, in the Horzogovinia, a husband and wife died a most extra ordinary death together, The wife went to the wine collar to fetch a mug of stron.- new whie for her husband's supper, and as the enormous eask was not full she leaned over and fell into it. Hor husband immediately dropped in after her, to save her, and both were drowned in a few minutes. Their property is valued at £20,000, but-they lived as simple peasants. A ' ghost,' which was to be soon waltaing nightly near Dorchester (England), was recently captured by a party of men and women armed with sticks, and turned out to be a labourer draped in white. The man's wife was actually one of the attacking party, and the ghost was so bruised wivth the sticke tlhthe had to be taken to the hospital. A curious light has boon thrown on the profits of street singers in Paris by a wild lark in which some amateur vocalists indulged lately. Disguised In dilapidated clothes, one posing as an Arab, they made the tour of the grand boulevards, singing before the cafds, and in one day cleared 121fr., to which they added another O2fr. the same night by taking in the Latin quarter. Their stock-in-trado was a Gascon song, which the public took for a native Arab air, and a senti. mental Fronoh ballad, One of the richest women In the world is Mary Qarrott, of Ilaltihoro, U.S,, daughter of the groat railroad king. She is about 18 years of ago, and is worth perhapn s £1,000,000, much of which sie heerselt has made by judicious Investments. She is of medium height, has a pale face, and blue eyes much dependent on speo taolos. She Is sail to be a walking eneyelopledia on railroad affairs. She inherited her father's love for business, and Is acquainted with every detail of the railroad he founded, TMouthenr rivovn' WVrm Ixtormhnotor Ig p1(lifttnan to takO Ruro e?lire a fota?ail aii ito.. iitroyLI4? wormnw, Mwy huvo trhiI It with Io t r aub. Ct1154 In oortiiln pirt of Inidihi roun.iitut tr1oin, (HUH olmnoot lift V!II to Ia~pilarmnc, lovo tboon m1i1(1o to 3o(,l 1 n:?in?1dtl7 I y pl1lugtIl t at tho r0otn. 