TUiB5T5fm»UIW m ^BrríEH ESPEOIALLY FOB THE CHRISTMAS í NUMBER, BY PAUL *TWYFOBD.] ? t^t^.ll.'. ... , ; .'. -_L^-J_ SottB ûsw years ago Ï was on a pedestrian tour (broughjtbe valley of the Hawkesbury. However, \- it was mainly on foot-though necessarily I bad * frequently to avail myself of a boat to cross both ^ep aWd creeks. I had "had a particularly good tittle of it, for the Hawkesbury settlers hospital ity is proverbial; and not only had X gained in waight personally-despite my long tramps and numerous wettings to the skin, by reason of the good cheer with which the kind-hearted souls crammed me-but my wallet had also increased ¿n weight by the accumulation of curios and notes of information gathered from many sources. It was after mid-day of Christmas Eve that I left the abode of a particularly interesting family, Where I had spent some three days, inclusive of Sunday, intending to reach another farm-to the " proprietor of which I had a most flattering intro duction before night-fali, and there to stay until .after Christmas. My route lay back from the river a good bit, and revealed to me what the ordinary voyager on the Hawkesbury does not see; the existence of some of the loveliest spots imaginable in places which the casual observer from the river might imagine to be only mountain hnd gully. I was quite in love with these Sylvan .glades, their ferns and flowers, and rich meadow land, and many a rude sketch did I commit to paper of the pastoral scenes which met my eye as I jogged on my solitary tramp. It was a pleasant afternoon, for the time of the year, and Nature was at her best. The weather was warm, and when I left my last resting place, quite clear ; not a sign of a nimbus obscured the azure overhead, and I fully expect to make my haven of rest before sundown. I walked briskly, despite the heat, and I felt that a rest, and * cup of milk and a slipstone peach or to ,two would have beena relief; yet never a single habitation did I see-in fact, I had seldom walked, sb far along the river without seeing some evidence of settlement. But here there was none-even the land bad gone out of cultivation-ana1 for the seven or eight miles I bad walked, and save for a few head of stock-which appeared to eye me with curiosity-and here and there à few barren fruit trees and grassed-over furrows, the whole distance traversed was in a state ol nature. It grew un pleasantly close as thé sun's lower limb touched thé tops, of the distant western hills, and I really ' felt unusually distressed ; not a breath of wind Btirre^ the long, feathery grass, and the stillness of the dead calm Was almost insupport able-and I was glad when I reached the top of a 1 long, rocky spur of the main ranges, (rom which I '? could see the dark water of the river, looking so cool and calmthat I was almost tempted to go . out ef my way in order to have a plunge into its depths. Below me lay a lovely vale, and surely there was tbe unmistakable post-and- rail fence-en closing, I concluded, a cultivation paddock, and probably a pleasant homestead. I hurried down the steep incline, and then I noticed, for the first time, heavy masses of clouds piling up in regular thunder-cloud fashion ; and I became fully alive to the fact that before long I should be exposed to a thunder-storm. Large rain drops began to fall, and by the time I reached the bottom of the hill, the hills resounded with the rumble of distant . thunder. A sharp turn in the road brought me to a small creek of clear running water, over ', which was a very frail bridge. I drank at the ' stream, for I was parched ; and then I noticed on ' mv''..left hand a low, dilapidated,; partially un u0tôôfeâ cottage. 'fIt was clearly deserted, and thus ' ' Twas disappointed as to my longed-for drink of . milk and feast of luscious peaches. Externally it .Was a dismal looking place, though the situation was .lovely, and the cottage and surrounding grounds must, atone time, bave been a pleasant and comfortable place of abode. There were abundant evidences that it had T)een, and I could . not but wonder why such à place had been deserted. Yet, I considered, the loneliness must have been terrible-especially to a woman during . her husband's absence from home, on business or ... otherwise. Lonely as it appeared, I was bound to seek its shelter, for the big .rain-drops were now pelting down heavily, and the rolling thun der was getting nearer and louder. I entered the house with a peculiar feeling of apprehension* such as I never remember to have felt before, and found myself in what had evidently once been a very nice apartment. It was a large cottage, and, all the rooms bore evidence of having been of a superior class to most of the river residences. Most of the rooms were roofless, and the whole place had a moist, damp, mildewy appearance ; white the effluvium of rotting wood was suggestive of miasma and typhoid. One room, which had evidently been a sitting-room, was fairly dry; no rain came in, however, and here I resolved to camp should the storm continue. A. hroad fite Ïrtace suggested a fire, and I dedM$kb make one, or it was now nearly dark ; áttd/wbefher I lodged there all night or not, a fire would be not only . .> comfortable, but company. And as the rain in creased, and the lightning flashed and glared, and the thunder seemed,|o have concentrated all its efforts into a continuous rip-and-tear sort of fusil ade,'! congratulated myself upon my good for tune in having réadied encb good shelter when I < did. 1 was wef, certainly, but half-a-mile further to walk and Isehould have been drenched. I was also fortunate in finding some dry Thus I round me was by no means assuring. Besides, there was the creek, and the situation of the cot tage was low indeed ; and as I sat on art impro vised seat of bricks-I had found and piled up my thoughts were none of the pleasantest. With out food and blankets,; tobacco would have to dp double duty-and the ' pipes' I smoked were a caution. It was now too dark, even though it did clear up, to venture on a road I knew norning about* and I set about making myself comfortable for the night, I had plenty of wood to replenish the fire, but there was dire famine in all èlsë,'save tobacco. And thus I sat and smoked, and smoked ; and as smoking is conducive to thought, { in dulged in reveries of all kinds-fanciful and other wise. I thought it about time to lie down, though I was far from being sleepy ; so I went tb the door facing the road to see-if I could-what the weather looked I ike. It was as black as Erebus except when the lurid glare of the chain, and all other sorts of lightning, lit up everything as if 'twere day. Standing there looking at the beau tiful, natural illumination-for lightning always has a fascination for me-I heard-distinctly the iron-bound hoofs of a horse galloping up the hill, I peered out into the black night, and though the lightning's flash was almost continuous, I saw nothing. The galloping horse perplexed me not a little, and I sat on my brick seat and considered the matter ; and in considering I forgot to smoke, and let the fire get low. I rose to put on some j more wood, and as I turned towards the window I could 6wear that I saw a man's face peering in i through the unglazed sashes. 1 stood transfixed, j and looked steadily at the face ; it never moved, j but looked straight past me towards the fire-place. It was a powerful face, swarthy, and bearded like i ' the pardV Mechanically I walked towards the ! window ; the face vanished instantly. I I replenished the fire, lit the pipe, and again put on my considering cap. I had been an ex- j tensive reader of spiritualistic phenomena-and though a materialist, I had always .treated spiri tualism with the greatest respect, though I cer tainly did not believe in ghosts-at any rate, not the vulgur ghosts which appear, or are said to appear, in chains, with cut throats, in their shrouds minus their flesh, with horrible counten ances, and so on ; yet there were possibilities. I raked up in ray mind all I had read of Mrs Crowe's ' Night side of Nature' ; of Bobert Dale Owens' ' Footfalls on the Boundary of Another World,' and other modern spiritualists' works, and I failed to find any just cause why I should be visited by uncanny things from beyond the boundary. I had not killed any one. and on the whole had not been a very vicious person. There fore, why let the galloping horse,and the'swart' face, disturb me ? I laughed-it may have been the ghost of a laugh, though-and again J made up the fire. And then I felt sleepy, and ghosts or no ghosts, I couldn't keep my eyes open. So I stretched myself before toe fire with my wallet under my head, and my «tout cherry-tree staff alongside of me, convenient to my hand- How long I slept i don't know ; when I was awakened by the report OF a firearm of Some kind-revolver or rifle. , It seemed quite close, yet neither smoke nor smell of ' vile salt-petre,' filled the room ; nor could I see the face at the window. The fire was nearly out, and I felt 'chilled ; while fanning the embers into a blaze with my bat, a piercing shriek close alongside of , me made me "sit up" in earnest. Still, nothing jwas to be seen. I began to feel uncomfortable, and again sought refuge in tobacco and hard philosophy-drawing largely upon my memory of D'alembert, D'Holbach, Berkley, Strauss, Priestly* Spinoza and others. The fire being all aglow again, I went in for another snooze-during which I must have had a dream-in which, in a shamefully jumbled np manner, I saw a man fire a gun in at the window, saw a man fall dead, and a child or a monkey, hopping round the room wringing its hands ; saw a woman throw herself on the body of the fallen man, and heard the harsh voice of the man at the window laugh like a fiend and say to some one, *. Well, come if you will," and to someone else " Curse you, I leave you to him-may you enjoy his society NOW 1" Theil I woke, and saw, indistinctly, the face of a woman I bad seen somewhere- where was it ? For the life of me I couldn't think ; yet it was so familiar to me. Strange, this, I thought, and said to myself " I must have another pipe- and by George ! I am thursty." I went to the door, the rain-had ceased, the-stars were twinklicgin^ the blue firmament, and the thunder muttered in the distance. I found my way to the creek ; drank as if I hadn't drank for a we$k ; and, aVI/tunned to enter the house I heard again that horrible " ha I hal^ba l" 'and a horse galoping past ther: house, not twenty yards from where I ' stood. Yet I saw nothing. As I entered the door two or three shadowy forms were moving about the fire place, and Î heard the rustle of a woman's dress,' a deep, long-drawn sigh, and the one word,' " Murdered," in a woman's voice. As I moved up to the fire I was considerably staggered at seeing; an impish looking 'object sitting-or rather squatting-^in the fire-place like ¿monkey, with' its knees ; up to its chm ; the face was not , un handsome, but it .bore a horrified look, and its eyes Were directed to something lying where the hearth-rug should be-thé something bore the shape of a man, and all around him was a pool of blood. So realistic was this phase of the ghost visitation, that I put my finger into the dark pool -and drew it back-dry. This was assuring. I then touched, as I thought, the body with my boot ; it met no resistance. It was, after all, a phantasy ; yet the uncanny things were still before me, patent to my eyesight, and well might I ex claim with Hamlet : " Waat may this mean, That thou, dead corpse .... Revisit'st thus the glimpses of the moon, Making night hideous ? > I sat on my seat of bricks watching intently the child-imp, or devil, until the thing faded away in to a pale blue, misty patch ;? and finally, felt that its gruesome presence was NON EST. And then I muttered, apostrophising Hamlet, "Really, me thinks, there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophies." I was quite kndcked off my philosophical perch ; and as I sat staring into the .fire, at the spot where the THING had perched, like some human monstrosity,' Manfred's invocation occurred to me : " Mysterious agency ! Ye spirits of the Unbounded universe. Ye who do compass earth about, and dwell In subtler essence" who the deuce am I that ye should dis tnrb my night's rest Î The difference between Manfred and myself being that he did hiß level best to conjure up spirits «' from the .vasty deep/*, whereas I wan ted none of way, well; into aaylignl, when I'ioughtthe oreek for a big drink ,an3 a -refreshing sluice. I was hnngry as a bunter, yet I oould not leave the wierd spot until I had made aolose examination of the house and grounds. I found nothing movable; but in front of the firé-place, where I bad Been the uncanny semblance of a man lying in a pool of blood, was a big round patch that had stained the fair white bpardB a dark, unwholesome oolour. j Carefully extinguishing the fire, and scratching j with my knitè on tibs mantelpiece, after the manner of the goths and vandals of a civilised age, this legend ; " Slept here on the night of the 24th De cember, 188-, and had à visit from several ghosts. Smith, John." I shook the dust of the haunted Cottage off my boots, and stepped out smartly along the well washed roads. In something less than an hour I was sitting at breakfast at my new host's table- Himself, wife and dauan tere were surprised to liear of my staying the night at the " Hollow Farm," abd were particularly ouriouB to know what I had seen. I told them all without reserve ; and in return they told me something of the past, which formed a conneoting link with my night's spiritual entertainment, I happened to speak of the like ness of the Woman-the lady ghost, I mean-to soma one I knew, and . they Btmled sadly, and re minded me of a lady member of the family where I had last stayed. And then it flashed upon me with full force that the two faces were identical, and whait is more, it recurred to me that I bad made a study of die woman during my stay. She waa a ¿ne looking woman of perhaps 35 years of age ; certainly not handsome, yet there was that about her which made her irresistible. " She is," I had thought, " a dangerous woman." She bad splendid eyes, voluptuous figure, was educated and accomplished, yet distant-nay, distrait, in the pre sence of strangers. She, as far as I oould learn, was not a relative, yet seemed to be regarded as one of the family. Why, the sequel will show. My new friends told me but very little-evidently being very guarded lest they might reveal to a stranger something whfoh might cauBe unpleasant ness, possibly pain, to a neighbour. But all the same, my curiosity was excited ; I bad been robbed of a night's rest, and having been badly treated by the spiritualistic residents of an unknown country, I felt, as an agrieved person, that I had a right to enquire into the matter. And I did so ; and from one source and another I gleaned this much Some three years prior to my night's tenancy of the " Hollow Farm," three persons sat in the family sitting room, by a glowing fire. It was Christmas eve, and' it will be remembered that a heavy storm ushered in pretty well it whole week's cold, drenching rain. In fact, the night was just such a night as the one I spent there A lamp stood on the table, but it was turned down so low that the two persons who eat there side by side were in semi-darkness, «ave when a fitful glare from the burning logs lit up thc room. They sat close together, with their backs to the table, and their faces turned away from the window and partially from the third person present, a misshapen boy of some twelve or fourteen yean of age, whose face was tile opposite of his body, for it was refined and intellectual-though a deathlike palor made the large, black eyes appear to glow with a singular brightness. The poor boy sat in a crouching posi tion on a settle in the wide fireplace, his long legs doubled up so that his small, shapely head ap peared to «ink between his knees, while his long ara s hung down far below his feet. Ever and anon tiie boy would start, as if he heard something un usual. The rain poured down, and the noise of water running down spouts, and dripping from eaves, and the roar of the flooded creek, rendered it dimoult to distinguish any other sound. Yet the deformed boy's nearing was so acute that sounds, other than these, had fallen upon his ears for some minutes-sounds of which the man and woman were oblivious, so engrossed were they with each other. Once or twice the boy hopped from his seat, and in a peculiar, springing manner-muoh like a kan Sroo's bop-made his way to the window and iked ont. He would have -stationed himself there only for the harsh, stern mandate of the man ordering bim bank to hiß chimney seat. " What bas that devil's bdb got, into his craoked nut to-night? Why don't you send him away farm him out to some one-or . . . " A heavy peal of thunder just then shook the building, ana tbïironïln^ing'words of the sentence were loBt. P kTjbe wptaanbad drawn closer to the mao, and, seemingly, in terror, she had laid ber head on his ^shoulder, while -one band grasped his. Whether ' she heard-or bad forgotten in her fright-if she felt .any-the man's words, she made no reply. The boy's eyes watched the two intently, and they seemed to emit sparks of fire, so bright were they, and so fietce was; the aspect ot his face. Hts long, thin fingers, ending with talon-like nails, nervously gripped the edgejof the settle, and his whole being seemed io be in a state of great (excitement-in feet, as his body swáyed forward, as if to catch their words, any onewatobing must have thought that he premeditated a spring in their direction. ' The man Was a handsome fellow of some twenty six summers ; his face was such as the Greeks loved to give their heroes and gods, while I his black curls fell in clusters on his broad brow. He was a strong, muscular man, too, and to look into that god-like face for five minutes one could but come to one conclusion, it was this : that the man was a devil in cruelty, in insincerity, in lust. Yet this woman, whose husband had been M overlanding". in Queensland and Victoria for the past ten months, and who loved ber more than any other thing in beaven or earth, and who now, possibly, was exposing himself to a rough, venturesome life for her sake-this woman, I say, loved the man beside her with a passion only equalled in intensity by the love the mishappen boy-her boy-had for her. And only for his intense love for bis mother, the poor, deformed 4ad would have left her long before, to seek hts 'father-whom he also loved with almost equal in tensity. And how he hated this man-this usurper 1 this robber of his mother's affections, his father's honour ; He could have strangled bim as he sat; yet the fellow was so strong, and so cruel, that the poor boy feared the encounter. lAnd the man hated the boy, not only because he was deformed and uncanny, but because he was the son of the man whose wife he decided to play with-for love the man had none. To him all women were the same, and he gloried. in the wrecks he made. Of course, the woman was much to blame ; she thought she loved the boy's father, but the poor child's deformity had formed an éxense, in her mind, for her reprehensible con Yet tba boy loved her-and for ber^sake, as well as his absent father's, he would certainly have killed the man who now sat in his father's house, whispering hot words of love into bis mother's willing ear. God, what a flash was that ! It played all round the room, and the boy's livid face turned in stinctively towards the uncurtained window. What was that he saw ? A man's face peering in -the face of someone he knew 1 The poor boy's heart went pit-a-pat. Was it a ghost, or was it really who be thought it was ? The guilty pair never turned round once ; the storm seemed to have no terror for them, and the boy was glad. ? The storm still raged, and the boy's whole being was as if electrified ; his whole time was taken up with watching the window on one hand, hts . mother and her betrayer on the other. Another flash and again he saw the face ; and an exclama tion fell (rom his lips. " Lie down, you dog," growled the man, " or I'll fling you out in the rain-or possibly, into the creek 1" The boy's finger nails pierced the palms of his hands, and he ground his teeth in an agony of rage. Again he limped to the window-and there he met, face to face, the author of his being. No sign was made, yet the boy no longer doubted-a big fear crept over him, however, and he knew not why. Something was going to happen that night that he bad no conception of-that he couldn't form into any tangible shape. What it was we shall see. The gloom in the room had darkened, for the fire bad got low. The woman's head was pillowed against the man's breast ; they almost slumbered in their sensuous feeling of unhallowed love for each other-the woman had forgotten all else on earth, the man gloated over his mastery of her ; while the boy sat in his usual seat and shivered shivered with awe and expectancy of something evil. It came. A report, a crash of glass, a wild scream, a sickening thud upon the floor, a man pouring forth his heart's blood, a woman's dress bedabbled in the gory stream, and the woman's lips pressed to bis. "Ha, ha, ha-a-a!" came the sound of a man's voice at the window. "Good shot lad! though i rather an unpleasant Christmas for them. Stand 'aside, boy, while I.Stuff I don't stand in my way ; let me finish my mission. One can't leave without the other-they loved each other so well, you know." But the boy stood in front of his mother, and her wretched life was spared, for there was an other barrel jet unemptied, which had been loaded with ball expressly for her. " Well, if you won't move, let her live, for I won't shoot YOU. I must be off, or what they call Justice will be at my heels. I have another charge or two, and woe to the man or devil that attempts to stop mb. One devil lies thins, and I'd gladly put the other to sleep alongside of him. Come, boy, kiss me, for I must be off.... ....What! will you come with me? Be it so, for she's unworthy of the name of mother. Quick-my horse is is the shed, and he'll carry two." . The boy put his long arms about his mother's neck and kissed her, while, with a choking sob he said " good-bye." She heard him not ; she knelt by the dead man's side more like a teing bereft of all reason than a warm, passionate woman. She bad cursed her husband when she beard his mocking laugh, and now she let her only child go from her without one motherly regret or reproach. " Now, boy, up I Right you are ; Get away, old Tartar, for you've your work cut out for you. Ha, ba, ba! Bury your man where I may come down occasionally and weep over his grave ; the pity of it is that I could not weep over the pair of you in one act-just as I ought to have put an end to you, if that cursed shot had done its work Eroperly. Anyway, good riddance. Now, boy, old on, for Tartar's got to go." And the strong black horse's iron-bound hoofs were heard galloping up the bill above the roar of the mountain torrent, and the thunderous roll of heaven' artillery. And as the lightning's flash turned darkness into light, the strange pair were revealed ascending the hill on the back of the huge black horse, which snorted defiance at the elements, and bore them rapidly away from the scene ot sin and crime. . Away into the dark night they went-father and son-widower and motherless-«-for she that should have been wife and mother bad forfeited all right to those honoured and endearing terms. Away in the face of the' pitiless storm-for what was the blinding rain, or the lightning's flash compared to the storm which raged in the strong , man's breast ? Yet, with soul on fire, ¿nd the murderous desire still strong upon him', he placed his pro testing arm around the terrified boy-even while he cursed the woman that bore him. And they were never again seen in these $arts ; and no man knoweth to this day whither they went, or whether they live ; while the woman still mourns the tragic end of him for whom she sinned, and for whose love she wrecked her husband's peace, and made him an outcast-a Nemesis, whose retributive act was the RAISON D'ETRE of the Ghosts ot " The Hollow Farm," 