In The Nick of Time. , >»» Tho (Thrllling Experience of a Tele graph Operator. Miss Lily Somers, night telegraph opera tor at tho Floodwood station, eat before her table,- on wbioh a I telegraph instrument 'clicked busily, a .thoughtful expression on her face. Floodwood was a forlornly desolate spot and ono where any woman oxcopt Lily would bnvo been afraid to oomo, muoh less to stay alone at night, with nothing but the wind sadly sighing through the wires overhead, and tho shrill shrieks of the wild o&ts; away up on thoibonntaiu side to koap her company through her nightly vigilB. But to her there was something fascinating in tho vory desolation of the plaoe. From early childhood Bhe had been accuotomcd to commune with natnre in the wildest scenes, pnd played and wandered at will in tbe mountain glene and. canons. With no foolieh old woman or , silly burec- girl to frighten her ahildish sense with stories of hideoae ghoste and monstrous goblinB, she bad growu to womanhood naturally brave and fearless. In truth she did not yet understand the meaning of the word fear. ' Her office was nothing ' more than a roughly-built ebanty, seven or eight feet square, with a email window in eaoh end, and one in tbe door wbioh faced tbe rail road track. It had been hurriedly put to- gotbur with green lumber while the road was in course of construction, with the iutontion of only using it temporarily until q better ono oould bo built, but as usual in suoh cases, it had dona duty for its original purpose ever since'. Tho rough, unpainted boards were now badly warped and shrunken by long ex posure to the elements, and in many places large knots had fallon completely ont. No doubt in the winter time the bleak mountain wind oheerily whistled through theso many apertures, and while one side of tbo unhappy operator was being nioely browned like a pieoo of toast by tbo rsd-hot stovo, tho other side would bo refrigerated like a frozen rabbit. It was about one o'olook in tbe morning wbtn Lily received an order from tbe train deexiatohor, wbioh read as follows : " To Operator, Floodwood.— Hold No. 21 until No. 24 arrives:— E.K.O." On receipt of this order she immediately displayed tho red sigiutl light, whioh is fur nished all telegraph alationsfor this purpose, in a oonopioaous plaoe, in plain sight of pas sing trainB. and also where it oould be seen .froin tho office window. The neoessity for this order and position ol the two trains, briefly stated, wore as follows : No. 22 had arrived at Silvor Greek, tan miloB west of Flondwopd, a few minutes after No. 21 had passed Bedwood, whioh was thirteen miles east oi Floodwood. As No. 22 waa Into, and eonld go no further on the eahednle, according to tbo rules of the road, they would bo compelled to lay at Silver Creek until No. '21 arrived there, unleBs they could get orders by telegraph to meot them at some other Btation.t Flqdwpqd boing, !n 39 Hi P & stfl G'ftph . bilioe'be t'wo em tho two trains, the despatoher gave the above. order to that station, and as soon as it was properly acknowledged by Lily, he sent another order to No, 22 at Silver Greek, which road in this manner : . "To Conductor and Engineer, No. 22, — Moot No. 21 at Floodwood, Approaoh oare fully.— E. K. 0." The intelligent reader will readily under stand that by means ol theso orders two trains wonld meot eaeh other at Floodwood in perfeat safety, notwithstanding that one of them knew nothing of tho arrange ment. To explain : It No. 21 ehoald arrive firet, they wonld be Btopped by the red light whioh showed there -were orders for them at tbe station. Tho aondaotor and engineer wonld' immediately proceed to tbe telegraph office, .whore the operator', wonld deliver tbem a oopy of tbo order ' to hold them for No. 22. Thin wonld be eufiloient,and they wonld wait, nntil No. 22 arrived. If No, 22 should arrive first, tho oxooution of the order would be yet more simple. No. 22 would take siding, and bb soon as they wore oiearLily would be at liberty to take down the red signal lantern, and allow No. 21 to pass without stopping. If both trains should happen to ariivo at tbe same time, tbo rod signal would stop No. 21, and, as No, 22-had< inslruotions to " approaoh carefully," they would do so, cxpectiug to find No. 21 oaoupy- iug tbe main traok. Lily perfeotly understood the importanoe of tbo order Bhe had juBt received, end dur ing the long hour, which wore slowly away, eho kept careful watoh ol the signal light, whioh, however, continued to burn brightly bb evor. At last she heard a rumbling noiBe away in the west, which gradually beoame louder and louder and more distinct. By this she knew that No. 22. was. ooming, and wonld probably get in on tbe aiding before No. 21 ehoald arrive. Tbo. rambling beaamo louder and londer eaeh moment ; the earth began . to tremble, and the peculiar vibration ia the air wbioh gives warning of a rapidly approaching train bummed loudly in her ears. She began to feel anxious, as they were evidently ooming at a high rate of speed, and not approsohing as carefully as their order bad instructed them; she also had not yet heard the whiatle whioh . is always sounded by trains when1 approaahing a station, and this - ommission inoreased her fears that something was wrong. Bnt eho was given no time for furthor ro fleotion, as the train now suddenly/ dashed around a eurvo not a hundred yards distant, running at lull speed. Lily flew oat and stood between tbe railB, swinging ber band lamp' wildly serosa the traok and shouting at the top of her olear young voice. But no attention was paid to ner signal, tho train ooming madly on with ouoh a rattle and clash that it drowned tbe sound of hor voioo. Tbe roaring, rushing train was now npon ber, and obo barely had lime to spring from the traok and escape with hor life. With a rattling crash and an awful ruoh of air tbe hissing, throbbing monster sped swiftly past -her, wbilo th6 olank, olank, olank of the oar wheels paesing over Ioobb splico noar by was so rapid that it resombled the quiok hammer ing on the anvil in a blaaksmith's shop. For a moment Lily was unnerved and be wildered, but ouddenly arousing herself to action she rushed into the office, and, seizing a piece ol flre- briek that did duty no a stove leg she turned and hurled it through the window of tbe oaboose, wbioh was jiist pas- sing. An instant later the rcdllghts on the rear end of tho train bad disappeared around a curve in the out, and tho rattle of tho runaway train quiobly lessened in the dis tance Lily's heart throbbed painfully, and ohe was aeised with a sudden fit of shivering whioh most parsons of dolioate organisations ore subject to when under great oxoitement. As soon as she hod somewhat recovered, she went into the office and calling to the train despatoher, who answered at onoe, Bhe said : "No. 22 passed at full speed and No. 21 not yet arrived I" " My God I" telegraphed baok tbe des patoher as swiftly as his frightened fingers oould iorm tho letters, " tbe arew must be asleep. Tbey will etriko in that ont and pile up fifty feet high I Heavens, this s horrible 1" Lily then went on to explain that ehe had attempted to awaken tbem by throwing a briok through the caboose window; and on hearing this ths despatoher opened hie key without waiting for hor to finish, and said, exoitedly : " Bun to the east of the siding, and' if you sco them baoking up throw the switch and let them on tho siding. No. 21 is not due bore for five minutes, and thero is a ohance for them yet." " I have ho Bwiteb key," said Lily, " Break the look with a hammer, a nook, or anything," wae tho quiok reply. "Ban — fly 1" 'Lily soized on old axe that was lying bandy, and, with a' vague idea that ehe might alee need the red light, she took it in her other hand and flew np the traok with the speed of the wind, at tho imminent risk of falling'and breaking her neak in the inky darkness. Ones she stumbled and fell, and the lantern was daebed from ber band, and went rolling along the ground far beyond ber reaoh by tho sudden impetus wbioh her fall bad given it ; but without pnuaing ' to regain it, ehe sprang to ber feet and bounded on. The switob at tbe east end of the aiding waB fully halt a mile from tbe office, and about the same diatsnoe from tbe beginning of the out. I! No, 22 could be on the siding in'!tite'd;:tl(8y weiuld" bid "Safe1; bfit'if they; attempted to bae'k ddivn 'tha main traok past' tbe telegraph office, tboy were liable to be overtaken by No; 21 before going half the distanao, ae, according to the despatoher's figures, No. 21 should now be very aloso. As Lily readied the Bwitoh, a pair of gleaming red lights suddenly appeared aronnd the curve in tbe out, and Bno knew, that the train was already rapidly baoking up, and that ahe had not a moment to lose, Feeling lor the look in tho darkness, ehe then etrnok it several heavy blowB with the axe, whioh Bhe etill retained. Luokily, ono of the blowB took effeot, and the broken look dropped to- tbe ground. She then grasped the switch lever, and attempted to throw it over, bnt it resisted her ntmost effort to movo it. Tba train was now only a short distanao away, and, with tlis energy of dospair, .she braced her feet against the switch-standard, and, putting forth her strength in one mighty effort, the obstinate lever came over with a sudden jerk, and No. 22 glided safely in on the siding. Ths shrill saraam of a whistle was now heard in tbe cut, and bs Boon as the train was olenr she again exorted all her ot her strength, and threw tbe ewitoh baok to its former position, A headlight was now flashed aronnd tbe onrve, and a moment later No. 21 rushed roaring by. Lily, by bor bravery, promptness, and pzecenee of mind, bad averted a terrible calamity. At tho official investigation, whioh took plaoe a few doys later, the entire orew of the runaway train acknowledged that they were asleep, and that, the oonduotor had been awakened by a briok thrown in at tbe caboose window. Tho only exause tbey had for their negleot of duty, was that tbey had been en the road for thirty-two coneeoutivo hours without sleep or rest, and. that they were oomplotely worn out. Notwithstanding the faot that tbe manage ment of tho road were responeible for requiring tbe men to ran' this long double, trip, the entire arow were summarily dieoharged for ariminal neglect- of dnty, as though man's enduranaewae an infallible bank, , to be drawn on at pleasure. 