SUNDAY READING (Selkotbd ot Uhv. 0. E. Bowk.) OXiOPDS THAT HIDE CHRIST. BY TIIR RIGHT REV. A. W. '4'HOUOLD, D.D., «? And a cloud mciml Him out of their1 It cannot need any worda to impvoBB opon you that tlio Aueoiision ia tho flnftl and, crowning ovont in tho rodoom ing Hfo of Chriat. Wo bogin of courno with tho Nativity. If ho was to bo our Saviour, and to navo ua in out nature, Ho waa to bo born into tho world, and Ho ytm born our Saviour, and Christ mas ia tho fotitival of joy. Ho vmfl to Bayo na by Ilia death aa woll aa by Ilia Ufo, and Ho died a death of sharao and Bgony. Ho bn.ro our sins in His own body ou tho troo ; Ho offered Hiinaolf, tho juat for tho unjust, to bring us unto God. If thoro had boon no doath thoro would havoboonno Saviour j andthoro ' toro it is that flood Friday fills us with a aolomn and improamvo gladnoas. But if Ho had only died— if Ho had remain fid in Josoph'B tomb, thoro would havo boon simply ono moro addod to tho Hat Df tho world's martyrs, ono moro beautiful history touched with pathos, nnd lit up with grandeur 5 ono about whom wo could only mourn and wcop that Ho found nuoh treatment at thohandaof tho world. If Ho hod only died wo should bo still in our Blna. Then throo days aftor His doath camo tho victory ovor doath— that vic tory that holps ua to aay now, '0 doath whoro in thy sting P 0 gravo, tvhoro is thy victory P' Ho ia a rison ' Saviour who hna aavod ua j not only a crucified Saviour, but ono whom God hath oxalted to bo a Princo nnd a Saviour. Wo know that our sina aro forgiven ua, .because tho Fathor haa ao coptod Ilia Bocriftoo through raising Urn from tho (load. But that ia not all. Conceivably Christ might havo remain ed on tho oarth. Hadlloromainod on tho oarth, what would havo happonod P Ho tells ub HhnfloU—11 It ia oxpodiont for you that I go away, for if I go not MfiiT tho Comforter will not como unto yon.*' Thoro would havo boon tho loaa of tho Comforter ; b\it what olao P Tho , tragedy of tho Croaa would havo boon ronowod again. Tho mlraolo of tho ro ?uwootion could not chango tho hoart of tho people, turning thorn from bad nosa to goodnoaa. It had no offoot on tho chief nvioHts. Thoy know Jama rmt i'.i i A in 1.1. ^ -^-.AHnl rtfVnnr vtirist nna risen, mi u»« »i«»» vnwv of it on thorn wna to invent a propoa torous Ho. Ho would have onco moro gono about preaching tho Kingdom of God, and stirred tho nuuico of Uia onemioaj by wiokod hands Ho would hftvo boon nailod to a second cross, and gone to a nocoiul tomb. So Ho wont book to hoavon to bo at tho right hand tt God, to oend down tho Comforter up on tho world, that hia Church might bo born, , .. My toxt pointa to tho parting moment when tho Lord loft His ftpostlos. Wo can soo it all. On tho ©aetanx slopo of Olivoa that oarly S ring morning tho Lord mot thorn for ia last farowoll, and whilo Ho wan rooaking to thorn Ho waa parted from thorn, and a cloud rocoivod him out of their Bight; nnd two of that groat con oonroo of Uoly angoia tnai camo irom hoavon to welcome Him baok with ox \iltant songa to Ilia I'athor'fi right hood, camo to choor tho npoatloa with tho hopo of Hio return. Thoro can bo no need whatever to explain how tho Ascension waa it super natural ovont } to oxponnd how it was that thoir sonaoa failed to aoo Him and Ho wea gone. All thoao arc poxta of ono groat history, which if it is not aupor natural ia a foblo. But what I want to bring boforo you is that though ' tho cloud rocoivod Him out of thoir eight ' j though tlioy ccaaed to behold Him with ,tho oyoa of aonao, thoy ha-l Him in thoir hoart j losing Him did not fill thorn with sorrow, with alarm, with hopolcon H088 aa wo should have thought it would hftvn douo. Tho proapoct of losing llim had filled them with sorrow and dospair, but aa ao ofton happens, when tho ovont camo, thoy wore Strengthened to beta- it. Tho angel's message filled them with a now eourago. Thoy wont bock to Jerusalem, and woro continually in tho tomplo, praising and blearing God. Now tliio cloud which rocoivod Joaua Out of thoiv Right and concealod Him from thoir oyoa, ia a kind of parable. It is a parable which is going on now, I want to show you that it ia still to a certain oxtont a history and an explan ation of the spiritual history of tho world, Fho cloud atill hides Jomia out of our right j and it will contlnuo to hido Him until Ho cornea back in that supromo day, whon every eyo shall aoo Him, and thoy also which piorced Him, whon all tho nationa of tho world which rojectod Him ahall wail because of Him ; whon kho rightoous hhall ahino forth ns tho Bun in tho kingdom of their Father. Now thia thought ia ono which might bo pui'snod in many different directions helpfully, reasonably, and without any Mliflcial ingenuity. But thoro aro throe directions in which I wish to in dicate ita force and value. Tho cloud— for aome of us at loiuit— still hidos tho Lord out of our aight as to tho fact of Bin Doing j and a cloud hidoa tho Lord out of our aight na to tho wisdom of Hia providence j and a clond hidoa tho Lord out of our aight aa to tho reality of Hia lovo. Havo not all of you found thia P Ton know you havo ; you will find it ?gain, and aomo of you may bo finding It now. First of all— aa to the fad of His Jfeing. Nobody doubts that Jobus of Kacaroth ouoo waa born into the world i waa tho groatoat phonomonon tho world has ovor seen j livod a lifo that all ad mired, and died a doath which all do plorod, Tho quostlon ia what happonod afterwards. Thoro aro throo possible interpreta tions— throo poaaiblo answora to tho question of questions which underlies ' all rovolntion of faith in God ; and that ia thia— Whoro is Jcaua Christ P Thoro is ono posaiblo anawor of which I havo dispoaod already. That Ho ia still living on tho oiirth, no one thinks that for it moment ; but tho two othor ouBWora divido that wo may call tho thinking world betwoon thorn. Ono is that ho ia still in Joseph's tomb, and tho othor is that Ho ia at tho right hand of God in hoavon. Thoro nro thoso who say that Ho diod, but that Ho novor rose, and that Ho did not rlao booauso Ho could not Tlso— that it waa irapoaaiblo. What io tho proof to ua that Ho has risen P Thoro ia no such thing you know aa do monatration in tho kingdom of God. God novor proves Himself to our sonsos, Ho novor did j Ho , uovor will. Thoro would bo no acopo for faith if ho did. Why do you aud I roat on tho faot that Christ aacondod, and that a oloud ro coivod Him out of sight j Two things— First, tho visible Church. How can you account for tbo viasblo Church of God for ninotocn - on Unics Bineo Christ wont back occupying by dogrooa tho fairest, tho most civilised, tho moat educated part of tho wholo world, atill clinging to Christ, building temples for Ws honour, raising all kinoa of humano and bonevo^nt institutions for tho Loin of thu mk iind poor, living lives Baintlinoaa, livoa of aolf-donial, livod out of lovo to him, with tlio Church living, moving Mxl\ growing to thia hour P The Church with her moasago, tlio Church with, her rovolation tho Church with her lll'o, tho Churoh with hor snemmonts, is an argumont for a Christ, a living Christ, and a raging Cliii(it,Bucu iiauo qtUorrollBion win bring. Thoro is another arguniont— I may not say bottor than that, but tho com plomont of that— and I spoak to aomo of you horo who will Bay yoa to what I say—Wo know that Christ livod, bo oauao Ho lives in our /nwris,, 'Unto you which boliovo,' said St, Potor, ' Ho Ib precious.' Ho is fulfilling tho pro miao Ho mado boforo Ho wont away, ' If any man lovo Mo ho will koop My worda, ana Aiy juatnor win jovo nun, and Wo will corao wnto him and maUo out abodo with him.' Wo havo not to go to any villiago in distant Palostino j wo havo not to go into any Btatoly ohuroh tp find him thoro. Wo find him in our own hoarta, spoaking to us, watching ovor ub, now and thon looking upon vis with a look full of lovo. Wo can say m tho apoatlo Bald, ' I know in whom I havo bolievod, and I am porsuadod that Ho is ablo to koop that whioh I have committed unto Him against that day,' That is tho faith that sent tho martyrs to thoir doath i tho faith in whioh you and I hope ono day to pasu to boo His faoo, whon tho evont whioh wq oall doath conioa to ub, Yob, thoro ia a oloud that shuts Josus o\\\t of tho mind and out of tho faith of somo mon, butit is only a oloud. It is not a oloud I trust for moat of ua. Wo seo outsido inthovisiblo Churoh, wo fool within our hoarta, tho roigning of tho living King, But of courso tho oloud oxiata, and it will continuo to oxist, nnd for thoso on whom it hangs with its gloomy aud molanoholy burdon, if only thoy will boliovo, lot ua bo quito suro that somo day or othor Ho will nmko Himself known to thorn i tho oloud will depart, and Hio glory will bo noon. Thoro ia nnothor rospoot in which a oloud hanga ovor tho Church and tho world, Wo cannot got bohind tho throno to aoo tho aooptro in tht King'a hands, to obttorvo and to understand tho wheels of Hia .pi'otndt'nco. Wo do not, lot ua confess, always understand oithor tho wisdom or tho rightoouflnoaa of Hia providence and wo aro not ox poctcd to. Thoro aro many things whioh pu/./Jo ua in tho world as wo boo it now ; and lot ua bo honoat about it, Thoy do puzzle ua, and thoy must puzzlo us j and, I waa going to say, pornapa wioy aro moanc io. juauy poo plo aro in tho habit of thinkiug, with out knowing it, that thoy could rulo thia world muoh bottor than Christ ruloa it. They aro mistaken, Of courao tho groat pv ' 'om of all ia— Why waa ovil ovor p»i . tied to como into tho world P Wo wondor how it is that tho wisdom ot Qod'a providence could not contrive something bottor. I'or agoa aud agea thinkiug and godly mon havo tried to find a koy to that in vain. I supposo thoro ia only ono thing to bo said about it— that if it ploaaod God for hia own ultimate glory to mako man in ilia own imago and to mako him frco, all tho roat followed. But if thoro ia a cloud upon tho wisdom of Clod's provi donco, ovou on tho rightoousnoas of Hia providence, lot \»\ bo qulto buvo it io only a cloud, and that behind tho oloud tho sun ia whining. God ia wisor and stronger than wo aro. God ruloa tho world j Ho rules you and mo down to tho dopth of our boing. What wo oall. providence ia tho government of Christ. All power is givon unto Him in hoavon and in oarth. Ho ia sitting on His throno, and thoro ia no such tiling as what wo call accident or ohanco. Ac cidont and chanoo aro simply tho roaulta of undifjcovcrcd laws in His Kingdom, Ho bids ua wait, and we ahall boo. If Ho waa to show ua moro now wo should * * till . *r~it i i oniy uo moro puv./.iou man ovor. i'inno minda cannot decipher or comprohond tho infinite, Ho unys, wait, nnd you ahall undorataud. Tarry thou tho Lord's leiauro ; bo strong, and Ho ahall comfort your hoarta. rut your trust in tho Lord. I need not dwell on tho details of thia—on tho wiadom of His providence —wo havo all folt about it ourselves, and wo fool it about our neighbours. Wo quarrel bo— who haa not done it P with what wo call ciroumatancoa. Wo think aomo pooplo havo no ohanco. Woll, wo nood not go very far from thoao walla without seeing that thoro must bo many pooplo living horo who hardly ovor iiavo tho ohanco of knowing God, or Chriat, or boing good. I havo not for gotton many years ago, whon I flrat camo to thia pariah, it waa said, ' I£ you want to bo quite suro that thoro ia no God, you havo only to go round St. Giles '.' My irionda in theao things wo must just turn tho rightoouancas of God'a providonoo and tho wisdom of it. He will mako it up. You may depend upon it thoro ia a great law of compen sation, not rovoalod now, but which will be rovoalod presently. Tho oldor I grow tho moro I roat mysolf with un apoakablo and importurbablo poaco on tho rightoouancsa of Chrint, It ia God's will to aavo you j it ia God'a purpoaoto aavo you. I am not afraid half so much aa thoao who havo boon in tho twilight nnd darkness all thoir lives, and who ooom to ua, aa far aa wo know, to go down to tho gravo with tho burdon of unforgivou sin on thoir oonscionoo, I loavo thorn with thoir Saviour and thoir Bodoomorj Ho will do all things woll. Thoao I am afraid about aro thoy who havo known Chriat and His Gospel over ainco thoy could know anything, but for whom it has lost Its Bwootnosa, and powor and charm, mi i » 1 ii at* xnoro ib ono otnor mauor upon w&ion; a oloud aoonis to hido Josus from us, and that is the reality of Hia love. Now I want you to look back at your livoa. It ia not truo that almost ovory ono of you who is not absolutely shallow, and thoughtless, and without fooling, has had moments— porioda— in your lifo whon yon thought God had forgotten you, whon you folt almost hardened and Bourod, and ombittorod against God P You thought He was not It Ind to you, and did not caro for you tho samo iw othor pooplo i that Ho has takon from yon your prop or stay j all that mado tho joy and dignity of your life ( and you soom to havo nothing to do but to alt down and murmur P Who haa not folt that P Thoro was a oloud, itwaa thick, darlc and cold, and yon thought tho sun .would novor shino again j Vmt it did shino again i it is shining now it may bo, God sout it , bocauso ho lovod you so i not booauso Ho did not lovo you at all, Now thocloar sunBhino after tho rain is corao i now you fool you aro happier, you can bo good again. Gooanoas has a groat doal to do with happinoso, Now you can say tho oloud camo, and tho oloud has gone again) ovon if it camo again I should understand it bottor. Lot me impress on you that ovon whon tho oloud is upon you tho cloud comes in God's providonoo bo causo Ho lovos you - I want you to loam moro and moro tho tondornoss, tho unchnugoablonoss, tho righteous ness, tho pitifulnoss, nnd tho lovo of God, 'whom tho Lord lovoth Ho chastonoth, and soourgeth evory son whom He roooiveth.' ltisoasior that tho sun should fall from hoavon than that God should over ohango or fail to tho monnoat soul that trusts in him, Thetjo then nv« tho olouda that liida Josun out of our eight— tho oloud ia to 1 tho fact of His boing - tho oloud is to | tho wisdom of His provi donco ; tho oloud aa to tho roality of Ilia lovo, In couoluoion, lot mo improea upon you what the apostles did, nnd what wo havo to do. Tho angol did not oxactly robuko tho dUdplos i&r; looking \m ^ heoYOB niter iholrMosbor ; thoy could not h«lp doing it. If thoy had not looked aftor Him to tho last momont that thoir oyoa could havo soon Him they wou,\d not havo carod for him very muoh. StUl thoro ia n sort of latent admonition, with Bomothing of a robuko about it whon thoy said, ' Why aland yo gazing up into hoavon P It la what we call a practical lcsnoR! What it moant was— You will not got any good from that, you aro not to waste your lives in groat droams, You havo got to work, you have got to pray j to wait for tho pro miso of tho Irathor j to found a churoh in tno worm, i ou navo years to livo— BOino low, somo many— you havogot to dio for Him j you havo not any time to losej go and pray, 'Whyatandyo gazing into hoavon P this sarao Josus, whioh is takon up from you into hoavon, shall ao corao in liko mannor as ye havo Boon Him go up,' Tho first lesson wo learn is tho powor of prayer, Tho disoiploB woro to go to tho tomplo to pray, and to wait for tho Comforter. When olouda como to ub, lot ub, if wo cannot pray thorn away, pray until tho cloud ooasos to bo a oloud any longor, and tho oyo of f faith Boes Jobus through it. . It is not always wIbo to ask for our affliction to bo removod, for the oloud to diBappoar and for tho sun to shino out again j but it ia always wiso, and alwayB right to go and pload with God about it, and to ask Him to lot us fool tho sunahino of His f aoo ovon if tho oloud is thoro. It ia a wondorful thing, if you oomo to think about it, that tho disoiplos should havo boon fillod with auoh joy, whon auoh a oonso of powor, with such majootio hopo whon their Ju'rlond and Mastor had gono, and thoy woro loft orphans in kho world But though tho oloud hid Joaua out of thoir aight it did not hido Him out of thoir hearts, Ho waa noaror -and doaror to thorn than ovor Ho waa. That is tho first lesson, Tlion thoro ia anothor groat duty— tho duty of aotivo oxortion for Christ. Moat of ua havo our momontsof dopros aion, of aombro lonolinoas, a sonso of doBortion from God, hecauso wo aro doing nothing for Him j but tho momont wo stand on our foot wo begin to forgot all thia j and to sorve Him with our boat i then tho oloud aooma loss of a oloud— at any rato wo boo tho sun bo hind it. Thoro ia ono tiling moro— Hopo. What ia it that sont tlio apostles back to Jerusalem and tho tomplo, filled with missionary joy P It wtw that tho Lord who loft thorn was coming baok to manifost Himself to thorn. Hope ia tho widoning of tho soul. It ia tho hopoful pooplo who ohango tho world. Anybody can sit down and any it la impossible. Thoro aro many joso woras, tuo row worus aro moro baso than impossible. Usually a man says it is impossible whon ho doos not moan to try. 0 that God would fill all who are worshipping horo with a boautiful hopo j mako thorn fool that good ia stronger than evil j Christ is stronger twin Satan j that thooupof cold wator givon to Hia name, will not loso ita roward j that whon ovil oomos in liko a flood, tho Spirit of ,tho Lord shall lift up a standard ngainst it. And tho God of hopo, if wo oak Him, will fill uu with all joy, and poaoo in bo* lioving, that wo may abound in hopo, through' tho powor of tho Holy Ghost. *Tho8ormou waapronohod in tho Pariah Churoh, St. GIloa'-iu-tLo-llclils. 