THE WAY THE MONEY GOES. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — When looking over the Government notices In your columns a few days ago my attention was attracted hy one calling for tenders for the erection of a courthouse at West Maltland. I happened to visit that country town whilst the devastation wrought by the big flood of 1893 was still fresh, nnd the principal subject of con versation with visitors. The old hotel sito purchased as a site for a courthouse was pointed out to mo, also great holes on one side of it which had been gouged out by tho flood waters when they rushed through the gaps in the adjacent river banks, and on the other side I saw the remains ot a large building which had been swept across tho road. Local folk at band thought there was not a ghost ot a chance of the proposed courthouse ever being erected on the site, and I certainly concurred. Well, Sir, it would ap pear that the lesson of tho flood has been forgotten; perhaps, it has never reached the ears of the Government officials, for it Is Intended to erect the courthouse on that site! Of course, the local people have not to pay for the building and, doubtless, they don't care a rap, so long us public money is spoilt in their town, how foolishly It Is squandered. After the recent Ocean- street tramway scandal one would have thought that for a short time, at any rate. Government offi cials would have been a little more careful about wasting money; but if tho Maltland courthouse Is erected where proposed, it will, in its way, be quite as deplorable. If Maitlaud must have a courthouse for show or use, why not put it on a site where it will be reasonably safe. There is really no urgency about the matter, for I understand" tlie accommodation at tlie pre sent courthouse Is quite sufficient for the peaceable and law-abiding farmers of the district for many a long day. Beforo the country Is committed to tlio expenditure of several thousand pounds, there certainly should be some Inquiry Into tho matter, and I am sure very little in quiry would suffice to show tlio site to he utterly unsuitable for an important build- ing. — Yours, etc.. TAXPAYER. 