RELIGIOUS SERVICE. ALL SAINTS’ CHURCH.—The Rev. B. Rodda preached both morning and evening yester- day. In the evening he took his text from the 11th chapter of the book of Exodus. The preacher drew tho attention of bis congroga tion specially to tho closing part of the verse, “ That yb may know Ho, tho Lord, doth pat .difference between tho children. Of Isrnpl and Egypt." Tho rev, gentleman on these words based some pointed remarks on ,ol diEeeonco which will bo made by vJod between those who have obeyed Him and those who have turned their backs oaHim, special stress being laid on tho conduct of Christians in reality and those who make profession only and go no further. Noah and bis family wore oitod as an example of the manner in which tho Lord shall distinguish between His people and the ungodly. Noah and bis family wore saved because they only oboyod and led pure lives. Coming down the stream of history'they came to Abraham. Ho was ohoson from among the nations of the world to become tho progenitor of tho Hebrew race because ho was obedient.’ Aud obedience is only another word for faith. Abraham furnishes one of the finest examples of faith known. Ho was commanded by God to leave bis country, and ho wont. Bo was commanded to sacrifice his son, and bo pre pared to obey that command. The Lord knows who nro His, and Ho makes.a clear difference. This could not be bettor shown than by the verses read at the begin ning. The bouses of tho Israelites wore dis tinguished by a mark of blood, and in tho morning all in them were safe, but in the houses of the Egyptians mothers were moan ing over the dead bodies of their children. God distinguishes between His people end, those not. In tho satne way a mother tolls her own son.- Two young men are in troduced into n house, one tall and strong and ninnly, and the other puny and 'small or stature. When the mother is asked which she likes host she will point to tho poor ailing ouo, and when asked why she should prefer him to tho other who is so superior to him, she will answer “Ho is ray son.” It is nature that speaks for her, and nature speaks in tho same way for God. There may be better men outside His. people, but os tho mother loves her child the mere because it is weak and crippled, so does God look upon His children. The Queen of England is ruler of a groat part of tho universe, and she is also a mother. If one of her children when it was young and helpless came to her in pain for relief would sue say "lima great ruler of tho universe and you must nob come to mo; go the nurso. "Would she not forget she was a ruler and only remember oho was a mother? It that was true only of a ruler of part of tho earth how much more so of tho ruler of creation? Tho preacher wound up an excel lent by appealing to his hearers to live so that when tho last hour had come they could look up into the face of God and say <( Ho is my friend," and then they would know how He would distinguish between thoao who bad served Him and those who bad not. Forest Street Wesleyan Sunday School. —Tho fortieth • anniversary was colobrated yesterday by special services. In tho morn- I ing the Rev. J. C, Jennensen preached from Ecclesiastes, 4th chapter, lltu verso—“He that obsorvetb tho wind shall not sow, and ho that regardoth the oloud shall not reap." i Ho preached- a practical sermon ' to* the children and tcaohera on tho necessity' for sowing without waiting for calm and cloud less days and leaving the watering and growth of tho seed to their Heavenly Father. In the afternoon tho Rov. A. B. Rofo preached from Acts 3, verso 10. His remarks woroprin-' oipally based, upon the defilement of tho body as the temple of the Holy Ghost. Ho pointed out that there were five gates—tho senses— which lad to tho temple, and through all of which it was possible to let de filement pass. The evening’s service was conducted by the Rov, E. W. N3O, who selected as his test Matthew, 18lh chapter, and 10th verso, “.Take heed that ye despise not one of these My little.ones," One of.tho. tmoßt~~~sarprising things 'in reading : gospel history, was the.ambition of the disciples for worldly distinction, and even after many months of companionship with Christ they still bad a longing for positions of importance in the earthly kingdom which they all expected Him to raise up. Christ’s lesson from which tho text was taken was a beautiful and effective one, but noticing on tho faces of ' those around a discontented look, Ho uttered tho text, “Take hoed that ye despise not one of these My little ones.” It was a solemn warning against thinking lightly of the children. Tho school anniversary, with all its preparation, moanl that they did not think lightly of tho children, but there was fre quently a remembering of tho children as a wbolo for tho anniversary and a total forget fulness of. them as individuals after it was over and done. There was sometimes a danger of falling into tho sin of which Christ spoke, through hcodlossoose of children's feelings.' One of tho marks of a true* man or woman was his or bor consideration of tho feelings of others. But often tho footings of children were not taken into account at all. They were dealt with as if they possessed no fooL ings, whereas their feelings were a great deal more sensitive than grown-up people’s who bad become hardened by contact with the world. If Christians would obey thot com mand of Christ’s they would have to bo very careful of their acts and words in tho presence of children. Some people judged of a child’s piety by tho standard of older people’s piety, but bo thought it should rather be the other way about, and tho older Christians should possess tho simplicity and trustfulness of a child, for Christ had said, “Except yo become 1 os little children yo shall not enter into Ibo kingdom of hoavon.” Tho children under Mr. W. Dennis, the conductor, sang the' special hymns very creditably, being assisted by a large orchestra, whilst Mr." H. Johns presided at tho organ. The church was nicely decorated with evergreens. All the services wore largely attended. This evening the usual public tea meeting will bo hold in the schoolroom at 6,30, and the customary public mooting will be replaced by a sacred concert in tho ohurch. ’ Baptist CHURCn,HARaRRAVE.ssTREET—The Rev. G. A. Weller preached yesterday morning from Genesis 22nd chapter, 14th verse* “ And Abraham called the name of this place Jobovnh-Jirob; as it is said to this day, in the Mount of the Lord it shall be . found." Tho rov. gentleman divided bis sermon into three parts—faith tried, faith proved, faith rewarded. Tho preacher said that this was one of Abraham's greatest trials. He was commanded to take his son Isaac, bis only son, and slay him for a saori/100 for the Lord. God always trys His people, and this was how Ho tried Abraham. He referred to the jeweller, who trios bis gold, not to see that it was gold, but to see how pure it is. God triod Abraham again and again to soo bow be loved Him. Abraham obeyed the call of God and took his son to Moriah, which was visible of God, Ho bound bis son on tho alter and was about to plunge bis lenifo into him when tho angel of the Lord called unto him out of heaven, saying, “ Abraham, Abraham,” and bo said, “Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thee anything to him; for now I know that thou foarest God, seeing that thou bast not hold thy son, thy only son, from mo." And Abraham lifted up bis eyes and looked, and bonold him a ram caught in the 1 thicket by the borne. And Abraham wont and took tho ram and ottered him up as a burnt ottering in Ibo slcad of his son. And Abraham called the -name of that place Johovah-Jlroh. And tbo angel of tho Lord called, unto Abraham out of heaven the second time and said, “By Myself have I Sworn, saitb the Lord, for booauso thou hast done this thing and has not withhold tby son, Ihy only son, (hat in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply tby seed as tbo stars of heaven and as tho sand is upon tho sea shore; and tby seed shall possess the gates, of his enemies, and in thy seed shall all* the nations of tbo earth bo blessed, booauso they bast oboyod my voice. Thus was Abraham rewarded, and thus God rewards His children if they obey and trust bim. St. Kilian’s.—Tho 11 o’alaok mass at this ohurch was colobrated by tbo Rov. Father Barry, and was attended by a largo congrega tion. Tho musical portion of tbo sorvioo con sisted of Mozart’s 12th Mass, tho solo being rendered by Miss Hayes, soprano; Mrs. Tamlyo, nlto; Mr. W. Brown, tenor; and Mr. Ripper, bass.' Tbo mass was well carried through,tho solo singing being very good. Tho sympathetic accompaniments of Mrs. Tnmlyn, who presided at tbo organ, adding greatly to the general effect. 