iuMK CURIOSITIES OF CRIME- 1 A MURDER REVEALED BY GHOST. jpOR some time affcor the Jacobite rising J| . of 1745 had been suppressed by t.he crushing defeat! of tho Highland Clans at Cullodon, the whole of tho North of Scotland was in a disturbed Btate, and it wub neces sary to keop a large force of troops tlioro in order to stamp out tho last sparks of rebellion. Among th.9 regiments to which this stem duty was entrusted was one com manded and, to a large extent, raised by Lieutonant-Ueneral Ouise, which' was generally known as Guise's Regiment.: It was quartered in the wild and remote High land ? distriab of Braemar, at tho Sour.h Western cornor of Abordeensliiro. The sympathies of tlio Highlanders of' that portion of the country wore warmly Jacobite, »nd the sight of the English soldiers wa» hateful to the great bulk of the population, wlio cherished fierce feelings of vengeance Against the ' butchers of Cullodon.' Time, however, to some degree, modified these hostile sentiments, and the Highlanders became used to the presence of these red coats, when they found them, af tor all, not to be such monsters of cruelty as they had at one time imagined, and out of whom, if civilly treated, they discovered there was monoy to be made. .' Now in. Guise's Rogi-. ment thero was a certain Sergeant Arthur Davies, who was' very popular among his comrades. He was superior in birth and education to the ordinary run of non -com- missioned ofticera, and was, besides, remark able for his great stature; his immense physical strength, and his handsome personal appearance. Ha had been very, active in obtaining recruits for the rogiment, and in consequence received a higher amount of pay and enjoyed a better' position than others nominally of the same rank. A frank, manly, fearless English soldier, ho had ingratiated himself even 111110111; the dour mid sullen Highlanders, nnd was regarded by thom with loss animosity, probably, than any other soldier in the rcgimont. Tho tBi'Ucaiib was an enthusiastic sportsman, and po littlo did ho fear any treachery on the pint of the mountaineers that he frequently ret out, on shooting excursions over the wild moors alone or attonded by a single gilly. On tho morning of tho 28th of September, 174!), Sergeant Davios started off alone with his fowliug-pieco to shoot over a moor 110L very far distant from Braemar. When night fell he did not return to his quarters, and the wboleof the next day passed with out any tidings being heard of him. On tlio third day after Ilia mysterious disappearance a search party was. sent out to scour tho district for the missing sergeant, bub they were unablo to find the slightest trace of him. A week passed, a month, and still no sign of the lost sergeant of Guise's. By (his time thore was no doubt in tho minda Df any of his comrades that Davies hud met with foul play, and the General himself swore that he would leave no stono unturned to discover the murderers of the best non commissioned officer he had in his regiment. But neither throats nor rewards brought) any clue to the sergeant's disappearance, and his fate remained wrapped in mystery, though there could bo little doubt that more than one person must havo been concerned in the murder, for it wns not likely that any singlo Highlander would von tine to attack ho powerful and resolute a man us the ser geant, whoso athletic prowess was well known over the district. Five years passed, the mysterious disap pearance of Sergeant Davies had never boon accounted for, and even his comrades had ceased to .speculuto upon it. Nor would the problem probably have over been solved but for one man who had sworn never to cease his inquiries nnd investigations until the imirderer.s of Sergeant Davies were brought to justice. This man was .) nines Small, formerly an ensign in the Earl of Loudoun's Regiment, and now factor or steward of the estate of Sbrowan, which had been forfeited to the Crown through the attainder of its laird as a rebel. Mr. James Small had known Sergeant Davies well ; they had fought at Cullodon together, and bad subsequently met often whilst Guise's Regiment was quartered in Braemar. The now factor of Sbrowan was a determined and n somewhat consequential man. He thought it was a slur upon the Government which ho served that it should be unable to discover and bring to justice the murderers of an otlicer of Her Majesty's army, and he deemed it incumbent upon himself to remove that slur. With patient, dogged perseverance, and the keen instinct of a born detective, ho set himself to tho task of discovering the perpetrators of tho crime, nnd at last he succeeded. Bib by bib he joined together stray pieces of evidence until he hud u caso sufficiently strong enough to justify him in procuring the arrosb of two Highlanders, Duncan Terig a!!a-i Clerk, and Alexander B»in Macdonuld. The fowling piece belonging to the murdered man had been found in tho house of one of them, and trinkets and valuables known to have been the property of ' Sergeanb Davies had been .10011 in the possession of both men. But there was a still stronger und more damning proof of the guilt of these two persons, which niiioog those who were superstitious, as most) Highlanders wore in those days, carried overwhelming weight, and it was the strange story attached to this which invested the casci with extraordinary interest when it i:miio on for trial before the High Court of Justiciary in Edinburgh. 'The prisoners, Duncan Terig and Alox andqr Hain Macdonald, were arraigned before the Lords of Session at sovon o'clock on the morning of June 11, 1764. Thon there wus made public the strango story of tho manner in which the crime and itr *? l-otrators had boon discovered, ? Alexander Mucpherson, of Inverb^ a farm-servant, aged 26, deposed that one night in the summer of 1750, whilst in bed in u shoaling (the long turf- thatched oub-houso in which Highland farm-servants slept, in beds arranged along the wall), several others being at the same in the said shealiug, there entered a man dressed, in blue, whom he took to be the brother of a neighbour, Donald Farquliarson, of Glendee, who cumo to his bedeido and beckoned to him to cotno . out. Mucpherson rose and followed tho figure outsido tho door, where upon the person turnod and said, ' I am Strueaut Duviei ' ; then, pointing to a moss or traob of swampy moorland, known as Christie's Hill, added, ' You will find my bonus there, go and bury thorn at once, for I 01111 have no peace, nor will I give you any until my bones aro buriod ; and you may get Donald Furquharson to help you.' Having spoke bhoso wards very solemnly and enniostly, the apparition vanished. Early tho next morning Mucpherson went alone to this spot indicated by the wraith, and so oxuet had been tho instructions given by the myslorious visitant, that before he had soarched fivo minutes he came ufioii a human body embedded in the moss. Most of the flesh was gono, bub tho coat of blue cloth which had been worn by the dead man was protty noarly entire. By using his stall' as urobe and lover, Macimersdn drew out the body, and laid it on the upper soil, but did not attempt to bury it. A few nights later the apparition again visited Macphoraon when be was in bed in tho shealing, and ropioftched him for not having carried out its instructions for burial, urging him ut the same time to loso no time in committing tlio remains to the earth. Then Mncplieiaon plucked up courage to ask, ' Who murdered you?' to which the apparition replied clearly, ' Duncan Clerk and Alexander Macdonald,' Mien vanished as suddenly and abruptly as before Ou W-e IvUvniug day Mrti^livi'etm went to Donold Farquharson, told him the sfcory, and persuaded him to come nnd assist to bury tho body of the murdered man in dry ground. Farquliai'flon, never doubting the truth of the story, wont with MucpherRon to Christie's Hill, carried tho body away, dug a grave in dry ground, and there buried the remains. To all his own share in tha business, Farciuharson swore posi tively, and' emphatically expressed his belief that Mncpherson had told him nothing but the truth. Tho' only other person 'to whom Macpherson confided the story waa John Grownr, of Dulhownio, who deposed that Macpherson,, under striob promise of secrecy, ,_', told him, a 'few Hays aftor tho( apparition had appeared for the second timo, Jiow he, in obedience to its commands, had, with the assistance of Donald Farqu'harsoh, 'burtetl .the body. ; ' But there was still stronger con'oboration of Mrtcphorsoii'B strongo story in the evi dence given by Isabel Machurdto, of Inyeroy, ,aged 40, who deposod that on the night on which Macphpraon declared that he saw ; the .apparition for tho' second time, sho, sleopingat the other ond of tho shealing, in the portion, set apart for. tho women, most distinctly saw ''Something nuked coma in at the door and no straight to Macpher son's bed, which frightened hor so much that she drew tho clothes ovor her liend j that when it appeared it cmne in a bowing posture, but she cannot toll what it wns ; that next morning sho nsked Maophorson what it was that had troubled thom tho nighb. before, and that he unewored sho might bo easy, for it would troublo thom no more.' Now the counsel for the prisoners was one of the most eminent advocates in Scotland, Aloxancler Lockhurb, who wns making then by far the largest professional income ever up to that timo known North of the Tweed — considerably upwnrdsof a thousand pounds a year, which may bo set out as equivalent to 'about three thousand n-ypur in the present day. Lockhurb was 'a notorious Jacobite, and had gained for himself much celebrity by defending the prisoners captured after the rising of '45. As in duty bound, he throw ridiculo upon this story of the'ghost, and he made his great point when in cross-examination of Maophorson, who could speak nothing but Gnolio, and whose ovidonce had to bo interpreted to tho Court, he said to the witness, 'What language did the ghost speak in V' ? ' ? To which Mncpherson promptly replied, 'As good Gaelic as ever I heard' iu Lochabor.' ' Pretty good for tho ghost of an Xni/linh stnjemil' said I.ocklmrt, and there was general laughter in Court. Thor wus other evidence connecting the prisoner with tho orime, the possession of the murdered man's fowling-piece and trinkets, and somo suspicious circumstances which would havo told heavily agninsb the accused had nob Lockharb laughed tho case out of Court by the ridicule he threw upon the story of the English ghost that spoke '11 s good Gaelic as ever was heard in Loch ubor.' He declared that, the. whole caso was trumped up by Mr. James Small, who had carefully instructed the witnesses for the prosecution whnb to say, and had endeavoured to intimidate witnesses for the defence from giving evidence. In the ond, nftor 3itting continuously from soven o'clock on the morning of June II, to six o'clock in the evening of June 12, tho jury returnod a verdict of 'Not Guiltv.' The noxt day, as Mr. Lockharb was pro deeding across the Parliament Close to the Courts, he was assaulted by Mr. James Small, who endeavoured to provoke him to a duel. But - Lockharb, who whs n bully and a coward, appealed for protection to the Lords of- Session, who hud Small arrested and brought before them, bub disoharged him after he had made an ample apology and entered into sureties of £50 to keep tho peaco for a twelve-month. But though the ghost story was so successfully luughed out of Court, its troth wus not really disproved. And a careful examination of nil the ovidenco adduced at the trial leads us to wonder thab the jury should have allowed themselves to overlook the vory remarkable character of Mncpher son's evidence. Sir Walter Scott, in com menting on the oase, suggested that as Sying information whs unpopular in the ighlnnds, and espeoially when thencoused ware Jacobites, Maoptierson trumped up the ghost-story, knowing woll thab his super stitious countrymen would pardon his com municating the commission entrusted to him by a being from the other world. Bub the facts, as set forth in the report of the trial, do not Bupport bhab theory. In the first place, Macpherson's story was corroborated by Isabel Machardie, who distinctly swore that she saw nn apparition in tho shealing exactly similar to that described by Mac pherson us having appeared to him at the very same time and place. It was not shown that there was any collusion, betweon the man and tlio woman ; nor were their statements in any way shaken by cross examination. Then Donald Farquharson's evidence as to his assisting Macpherson to bury the body was not disputed, and the question arises how could Macpherson havo known where the body was, or by whom tho dead man had been murdered, unless he hud himself been ono of the murderers or had «eeu the deed dono 1 Yet neither of bheso hypotheses was suggested, nor was any attempt mudo to show how Macpherson could have known who the murderer was, and where the body was concealed, other wise bhan by the supernatural mode ho described. Then again, iMwcpheison und Farquharson had clearly no malice against Teric and Macdonald, for three yours elapsed without thejr saying a word to any one about tho discovery of the body, and they would probably never have divulged tho secret but for the active interference of Mr. James Small. Lastly, there was Lock hurt's sneer about tho ghost of an Kn-/linh sergeanb speaking good Gaelic. But granb ing the apparition, what was thore absurd about its 8psaking Gaelic ? For aught we know to the contrary, in the spirit world all languages aro alike familinr to its inhabi tants, and, indeed, it would bo preposterous' to suppose that ghosts are confined to the tongue which they spoko when in the nosh. The thing thab was extraordinary was tho apparition, not the language in which it spoke. Lockhart would probably, what ever his own scepticism may have boon, have hardly dared to deny, in that super stitious age and country, the possibility of ono from the unseen world 'revisiting the glimpses of the moon,' and bub for his sinnrb and plausible ridicule of the Gaelic in tho mouth of an English sergeant ho might havo found it difficult to persuade oven un Edin burgh jury thab Macpherson wus nob telling the truth when he swore to his interview with the ghost of Sergeant Davies. That the man thoroughly believed thab he had seen and talked with the spirit or wraith of the dead soldier we do nob for a moment doubt. Whether he actually did seo and hear what he thought he saw and heard, or. whether there are such things as ghosts, these are questions which we leave to the Psychological Society to answer. Wo would point out, however, one odd circumstance, that whereas in the f armor onse of super natural eridoneo whioh we gave the prisoner, John Walker, of Ohoster-le-Strodb, was Jiunged on the ovidonae of a ghost, which revoaled the orime to n neighbour, in tho present oase tho two prisoners wero ncquittod mainly beoause of the alleged ghostly reve lation. The roat of the evidence against them was discredited, because of the ridi cule thrown upon the witnesses, who swore that their information came through a ghost, Vet years afterwards, when both Duncan Terig and Alexander Macdonald hnd gone to join Sergeant Davies, their solicitor admitted that both lie ami Lockhart wore firmly convinced of their guilt, and suw that their only chance of obtaining an acquittal was by throwing ridicule— us strong as it could be made — upon the story of the Sor geant's ghost. — Licensed Victualler*' Gazette, She : ' Will you take a part in our theatri cals ?' 0 Ho : ' Aw— wenlly—I - aw-- should to like to. What shall 1 lukg¥' Slies '.Tickets. 'J 