MORE CHINESE PECU LIARITIES. By Geo. Ernest Morrison. At the time of the queue cutting mania, in 1877, when pigtails, it was alleged, wero mysteriously cut off by unseen agencies, and a "wave of dread spread over the nation," two respectable hard working mon, living in Khiklang, wero impeached by their neighbors for being tho emissaries of tho evil one who were guilty of the crime. The men wore tried before tho magistrate, and so great were the tortures to which they were subjected that in tiieir agony thoy confessed that tho charge was true. Thoy had, they said, cut out paper represen tations of scissor, which they then burnt and so distributed as a spirit over the land, and this was tho mysterious agency by which the pig tails were separated. This avowal was accepted by the magistrate and the men wero led away to death. A friend of miue knew tbe men well, and was told of the trial by eye witnesses ; he subBequontiy saw tho two heads hanging by their pigtail from bamboo poles at one of tho oity gates, while a written legend below each gave details of tho crime of which tho two mon had been found guilty on their own confes sions. But it is not tbe prisoner only who ' shuns tlio painted portals of tbo magistrate' yamen as he would tbe gates of hell, " but tbe witnesses also, and the "dread of being euiieil as a witnoss is second only to that of being arrested as a-culprit." The Ghtnese court assumes that the prisoner at tho bar is guilty; so does the court assume that the witnesses are lying unless thoy give ovidouce whioh fit the case from tho point of view of tho prosecution. It regards the bamboo and tho hot chain, tho rack and tbo heated pincers as powerful factors in olioiting truthful evidence. The more quick wittcd tho witness the less then will ho suffer, for tbo moro speedily he will discover what is the evidence whioh tho court requires of him, and then ho "Ho equal to the occasion." At tho iuquiry lately hold in Hankow, in con nection with the massacre of two Swedish mis sionaries at Sungpu, tho anti-foreign magistrate seized tho occasion to punish tho Ghristian con verts "in the sacred name of justice," or its Chineso equivalent. Tho converts connected with the mission station, two teachers and boys employed by tho murdered missionaries, wero seized by tho authorities and examined by tor ture, and horrible cruelties were inflicted upon the poor wretches in tho effort to compel them to confots that tbey wore implicated in the murders. Unlike a European, a Ohineaa has three soulv, whioh after the death of his body go to roiido, one in the grave, anothcrin the ancestral tablet and a third iu tbo world beyond the grave. Unlike, too, some of the western nations, the Chinese have an overmastering passion to have children. More than death itself the Chinese fears to dio without leaving male progeny to worship at his shrine. Heaven is but a repetition of earth, and the spirits in heaven depend for the comfort of their being upon tbo supportof their descendants on caitb. Anything oan bo sent to the other world by simply burning a paper representation of it iu this. To send money to your ancestor in heaven you need but burn ,somo gilt paper or paper imitations of monoy before his shrine here ; to send him a horse you burn him a paper borse, to provide him with a richly furnUhed house you burn a paper imitation houso here, and so on, but with regard to food there is this difference ; to send your ancestor food you piously offer food at his shrine, and before it gets cold youcatityourself — you got tbe substance, he is regaled with the spiritual essence. If a man dies without male progeny he leaves behind him no provision for his support in heaven, but wanders tbero a "hungry ghost," forlorn nnd forsaken. A mail appears in tho other world iu the garb and in tho position which be occupied when he forsook thlo. If decapitated he appears headless unleas his friends havo picocd the head or a paper representation of it back on to the trunk. If ho has suffered death by tho Ling Ch' or slow process, which necessitated liis being cut into a number of ho cannot, ns a mis- sionary said to me, lie out the thing in heaven aud protest that he came there pro perly when ho carries with him such damning evidence to the contrary. It is this conception of the future Btate, being but a repetition of our preseut condition, that makes the form of Ohiuo3o oath employed in our consular courts in China so binding upon men who lio "because it is their nature to." On a sheet of yellow paper aro written the oharacters which the witness reads aloud, and which declaro, "I swear before heaven to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, aud may heaven reject mo or (have uo use for me) if I do not." He tben burns the paper, and if he lies it will bo produced as evi dence against him in heaveu. Au Englishman whom necessity compels to wear speot&clos; would on entering a Chinese house put on his speotaolos and take off hie hat ; his short sighted bout would receive him by put ting on his hat and taking off his spectacles. A polite Chinaman even takes off his spectaoles when he bows to you. A Chinaman never shakes hands with you ; he stands before you aud shakes hands with himself, and " the highor ho raises his grasped hands the greater is the honor whioh he wishes to show you." In reading a Chinese book a Chinaman begins at the end and reads backwards to the begin ning ; he reads from above downwards in vertical columns aud from right to left. The footuotoB are on the top margin of the page, aud the "blue book" of Chiua is of course yellow. A Chinese clerk makes out his aocount in the reverse way to ours, for he states the prioes be fore the goods and the goods before the quanti ties. He keeps his debit and credit acoounts, not on opposite pages of his ledger, but on tho same page, and in his fractions lie uses the numerator for the denominator and tho denomi nator for the numerator, and if he wishes to ox- press throe- fourths he writes four-third. In giving a date he givos it in the opposite order to ours, for he says that the event ooourred in the reign of suoh an emperor, in such & year, in the month of so and so, on a certain day, and if it has to be stated, at a partioular hour. The address on the envelope he writes in the inverse order in whioh it would be written by us, for he writes the name of tho oountry first, aud the name of the addressee last, and if it is an official he is writing to ho is careful to put his official titles before his name and not after, as would the European, So in the Peking Qazettc% the Emperor's replies to memorials appear in advance of the documents to which they relate, as " everything whioh the Emperor saye takes prccedenoo of everything else." The law of health whioh determines the smallest amount of air space essential to health does not apply to the Chinaman. Fresh nir is fatal to a Chinaman, and " cold water is Bbme- thing for which every Chinese has the same aversion as does a oat." If forced cultivation of Chinamen wore ever necessary, they will bo found to thrive host when breathing the exha lations of their fellows in a dark, unvcntilated oellar, perfumed with opium, bad tobaooo and decaying flab. It is the poet in England who is born a poet ; it is the physioian in China who is born a physician ; one of the essentials in the birth beiug that. he should make his first appearance feet foremost. The traveller may frequently read suoh a notice as this displayed in large gilt letters over a doctor's doorway, "A generated physician who feels the pulaei of both outside and inside complaints, especially of women and children, nnd is a general vaccinator." An Englishman pays his physi oian to make him well; a Chinaman pays his physioian to keep him well. An Eng lishman pays his dootor whon ho is ill, a China man pAys his doctor whon he is well, and oeases to pay him when he falls ill. "The Chinaman," says a well known writer, "who has to allude to his wifo will, if ho is polite, reter to her a» his 'dull thorn,' if he bo a rustio he will moro bluntly allude to the oompanion of his joys and sorrows as his 'stinking woman.'" In China a father docs not give a. dowry to his daughter ; it is the husband who gives a dowry to the father. In China it is not the blushing maid who names tho day, but the unblushing father of the bridegroom; and in China the mother-in-law i the terror of the wife, not the bugbear of the husband. Finally in China % second wife ought not to be buried alongside tho first, for their spirits would quarrel ; it is essen tial that the husband be buried between the two, in order that be may preserve decent order between them in heaven. The Chinaman wears his waistcoat outside the gown, the needlewomen he employs are mostly men, and tbe looser his clothes are the better do they fit. In China tbe night watchman springs his rattle all through the night, partly to keep him self awake, but chiefly to warn robbers of his approach. The only robber who is in danger of capture is the one who has not squared tho watchman. In China, the tongue of tho bell is outside the bell; in Oldua tho "villain of tho peace "has his nose painted white, but in China the ghost is black not white. A ChinoHe mounts his horse from the offside, he gives you a dinner in which the dessert is servod first, and a bed in which the liArdssb part is the pillow. In China they ennoble tbe ancestor of the man they wish to honor, not hi unborn descendant. " Ex tinction is the rule, heredity the exception." In fine there is no limit to the number of contrasts and contradictions to be every- whsremet with in this ntrnnge country, where, in the well known words of Wingrove Cooke, "the roses have no fragrance and the womon no pot- tiooats ; where the laborer has no Sabbath and the magistrate no sense of honor ; where the needle points to the south aud tbe sigu of being puzzled is to scratch the antipodes of tho head ; where the tjtace of honor is on tho left hand and tako off your hat is an insolent gssture, and to wear white garments is to put yourself in mourning." 