UAMBLINO NOTKS. (By 'Tjie Cvnic') Tho outcome of tho mooting of tlio Metro politan and Northern District roprosontativos at tho Sydney Criokut 0 round on Saturday was quito an astonishingly easy oonquost for tho Sydnoy uiou. Tho vast iinprovomout of late nianifest amonf tho forwards of tho groat smolso was almoBt as prominont a oharao toristio on Saturday as it was a woek boforo in the Wallaroo-UniTorsity matoh. In physiquo tho Metropolitan forwards woro incomparably superior to tho Northornors, and playing tho propor forward game with thorough combina tion, thoy quite outclnnsod tho visitors. This soason will mark tho bot'iuuini; of a prmit nnd glorious era in Rugby foulball, that of tho rise of forward ? play from tho old fashionod ploiighhorao, bullook-iu-a-bog stylo of progress to ono of tbs rostivo rauahorso. Uniior tho old stylo, with each forward work ing for himself, I linvo no doubt that the Northerners would havo givon a vory fair exposition, but with their opponents passing with mtirkocl olerornoss und unsellishuosd, thu visitors woro uttarly at bou. If tho ghosts of Bonio of tho doparted warriors who played football a few yours ujjo woro to rise up and seo how capublo its best oxpouontu aro now hocoming, thoy would think that it waa not in good old Sydnoy nt all thoy woro. Thoy would at ouco conclude that thoy had boon transplanted to tho strongholds of Rugby in England or in Now Zealand. Tho Sydnoy uiou possoksmg great strength and much weight, had no difliculty in holding tho scrums. Thoy also worked thorn woll, but hardly with tho quickness and olovornoss of tho Wallaroo against 'Varsity, whoso Barum work was closely allied to porlWion. Tho publio whilst delighted with tho brilliant work of tho Sydney team, were disappointed witli tho showing of tho visitors, and, of course, woro not satisllod with tho matoh. I think, howovor, on closor consideration that thoro is vory littlo about tho gamo to' givo real dissatisfaotion. Tho ono sided naturo of play was duo to tho groat chango in forward play adopted by metro politan teams, and not to any dotoriora tion on tho part of tho visitors. I havo noticed iii th« inntchos playod at Now castlo botwoon ? sonior tennis, scoring is always small, and somotimos no Bcorirtg is dono at all. This is partly tho result of ovonly-matohed loams mooting, but I havo loin? sinco rognrded it as principally brought about by tho olo.io, unsoientiflo, nncombinod work of the forwards. Their utter failuvo on this occasion must necessarily baro a very bonofibial offont upon tho gonsral play of the Newcastlo and Maitland teams. It will, show thorn that no mattor how good men may bo individually, if they lack cohosiou, they aro likoly to fall victims to muah woakor men who possoss that very cstimablo quality. It would soem that tho prominont day of tho fierce bui locking forward is doomed, and clubs and teams wishing to koop pnco with thoir strongest contemporaries must not only recoguiso the truth of this, but act accordingly. When ono takos into consideration the fiorconcBS of tho wind as it blew across tho ground,, tho clover passing rushes of tho Sydnoy team aro all the inoro meritorious and pruisewbrthy. In tho opening half of tho gamo the local team seorod 11 points, comprisod of two trios by Abbott nnd ono by G. Frasor, as 'woll as a goal by Barrio from tho second of tho captain's trios. The shot at goal by Lano was au oasy one, and 'if Abbott had given it to ono ncoustomad to kicking it would in all probability havo been a success. Fraaor's try was got after a capital dodjy run from the 25yds flag, tho pass coming from D. Nolson aftor having boon collared by Whito. At no poriod during the gamo did the visitors make raoro than a, Hooting attempt to score. Once or twico thoy got tho ball down near tho line, but it was soon taken baok again. During tho first fifteen minutes, how ovor, tho Northerners worked brilliantly on tho defence Tho Sydney forwards worked tho scrums, and the passes eamo out to Abbott from Manchoe or Barrio frequently. lllO UUUfaEU (jUlUU'lJUltLbUl 1UU XlVtBUll UUVIJ, but the fast and suro tackling of Whito did not allow the 'Varsity wing to get away. Time-after time Abbott fed liis club comrade, with liko results, and tho people woro not slow to show their appreciation of White's tackling. But whon Abbott changed his tactics and wont for tho lino himself they seomod unablo to stop him, tho efforts of the backs to collar tho opposing captain being apparently futilo. Tho play of thn Sydnoy men just prior to the first try by Eraser may be dnBcribod as a net-work of passing in und about tho 25yds liuo. A kick up tho field by Barrio was mulled by Cobb, and boforo ho had- timo to say Tom Watson Alcockflashod down on to tho full-back. Thoro was a bitof a scramble, Abbott gottiugapass. He ran to the loft wing and sent it to Roberts, who returnod it to Abbott. Tho skipper sent the ball to Aloook iu tho: contro, and the Wal laroo, forward passed to D. Nelson on tho other wing. Whito pounced upon tho Uni vorBity throorquartor, who, howovor, got a good pass to Frasor, 5yds in from touch. Tho Farraiuatta forward did somo threoquartor liko dodging, and scorod with Cobb oh top of The Sydnoy mon scorod 18 points in the socond half, thoir combination boingvery fine. H. NelBon, tho Pirato wing forward; got two tries, and virtually a third; D. Nolsou also got two nnd Roberts kioked a goal from the Iiold. Tho play was leading up to tho last try' by H. - Nelson was vary choicoiudood, and in an Inter colonial would havo oloctrifiod tho onlookers. The ball was taken by Barrio from tho kiok-off after Koborts' goal and dropped out at tho 25. Carson took it on tho lino and dashed ahead. As 'tho. first opponont went at him Carson passed to Woods, .who gavo it back to Carson. By this timo they had travollod from 25 to 25. Carson garo tho last pass to II. Nolson as Cobb went at him, and tho Pirato representa tive scored. It was vory cloan, clover, fast ?and brilliant, and a fitting ond to tho gamo.' Tho Sydney forwards mado tho gamo for tho backs. Carson and Haunn wero the contro serum pair. Woods, Alcock, and Q. Fraser coming next, with Wulker and Crowcll be hind. Alcock, in tho scrum, on tho lino, and iu tho open was in vory fino form. No forward in' Sydnoy has shewn bettor all round work than ho has in tbo last two matches. Carson's lino work was cool, clean, and very offeotiva. In tho sorum ho was second to none, and iu tho opon ho embraced otrory ohanco of passing. .'& Woods is shewing improvement ovory inaiou, in novf us guuu un no uvur was, uuu quite justified tho Boloctors in according him a place. A. O. Franor, too, proved his selec tion was not nndeserved, and Hanun, iu tho scrum particularly, and Walker playud up to expectations. Crowoll waa hardly its promi nent as ho often is, but ho got his car badly hurt in tho early portion of the gamo. As wing was not much interfered with bv tho opposing wingH aftor tho first fuw minutes, nnd was always on tho ball. At times he followed tho three-quarters up, just ns if ho woro nuu of tho wings, often trailing after Abbott as Moulton usod of old. Lane playod vory fairly, but did not keep iioing liko hi» comrado on tho other wing. At times he sliono, but, Homohow, just an ho wan off, tho whistle would toot, and hostilities cease. Abbott was in his usual splendid form at centre throo-quartor. If ho nppourod moro prominent in any ono specialty it was in cool handling of the ball. Fur instance, juxt boforo ho got tho first try ho had to go at tho hall on the ground, with two opponents charg ing— ouo on each nido. Seoing this, Abbott just toed it on, .lushed ahead, picked up, and wont across. Another man would havepiokod up, and been downed immediately. Noxt to Abbott, I think C. Whito, tho Mnit landor, performed tho best work among tho three-quartern, oven although D. Nelson playod brilliantly. Whito's work was wholly on tho defence, his tackling being grand. Owing to tho forward* boiug ovormatohod, pnnxen wero scarco, and nouo of tho backs had tho slightest chnnco to got away, ho that wo, unfortunately, had not a chance to Roe them as aggressive footballorn. CumrainR (who got ouo of his auklox hurt) and Wobber also playod very consistently, tho latter, at half, doing a great deal of work, und boing tho mnftt eon apionous man on his si.lo. Neither Woolloy nor Cobb tacklod up to form, but tho formor plaved very fairly iu tho first half. Tho Northern forwards havo no pace worth mentioning, or combination in tho opon. Thoy would do well to uultivato this kind of play in thoir olub inatohofl. Tho Sydney forwards did not bothor about breaking through them : they moroly got tho ball out, nud ruroly failed to do so oithor. Tho Metropolitan 29 points to nil woro made up of two trios oauh by Abbott, II. Nolsou, D.'Noleou, and ono by O. Frasor, a goal from the Hold by Roburts, and a goal from a try oaoh by llnrrio and Hannah. Tho two l'irato forwards, Carson and 11. Nolaon, woro prominent in opouMvork 911 Saturday, tho former's passiug boing vory good. Thin is tho kind of gamo Carson should prevail upon his .loinrados to take up iu future. Thoy have a. flrst-olass lot of for wards, who would bo muoh moro formidable if thoy woro to play toguther iu tho opon. With . roliablo mon at his sktc. II. Nolaon passed 011 Saturday more than hu lias, to my knowledge, dono iu a olub match, although au indulgence iu it would bo stiro to huvo a good offcut upon tho Pirates' play. Two or three timos on Saturday W. Cobb, the Northorn full-back, had to faco four op ponents abreast rushing down towards tho lino passing from one to tho other. No wonder ho could not stop them. Tho Univorsity forward) will bo strongthonod for thoir noxt Badgo matoh against Raudwiek. Their last year's champion, M. Veoob, as woll as Sawyor, II. Halo, and Hall aro, I understand, to join in. Theso additions will sot tho forwards up again. Tho Ratidwioks during tho spoil boforo re sumption of the Badgo matches ought to got thoir forwards together with a viow to working up a bit of combination iu tho opon and getting tho meu to apply thoir strength properly in tho paok. So fnr thoir forward work has boon dooidedly raggod, although with mon liko Tanner, Sleo, Crowoll, L. Moses, Honlon, J. Frasor and Allan Scott among thorn it is difll cult to say why it sbould bo no. If tho Raud wiok forwards woro to rally up and show a bit of paoo thoir chances of winning tho Associa tion Cnp would not bo inforior to those of any of the other throo teams. Thoir hnlves and fnH-bnok aro good ouongh for anything, and with Riloy and Duggan rocoverad from their injuries, together with Sunnan, they would bo second to none in tho threo-quartor Hue— savo perhaps 'Varsity, for whom Abbott is as good as two mon.'. - . . . ,' ' ??'? ' ? The toam to roprosontNow South Wales at Molbourno will loavo Sydnoy on! Thursday, ' July 26, two days boforo tho return .Inter colonial matoh with CJnoonslaud. Mr. B. A.: Arnold has boon appointod manager. This will bo a nico trip. for somo of tho ' disap pointed ones in the big matohos. :' Tho Newcaatlo team woro ehtortaincd at Middlo Harbor by tho Rugby Union ou Sunday, and on the sumo evening thoy le,ft for homo in tho train. Sovorai of their kconost workors and enthusiasts caino down with thorn, notably Mossrs. M. E. Cooko (hou. soo. of tho Northern' Branch), P. ' Floming (hori. treasurer), and J. Forgio and: Ohds: Whiting, of tho Bxecutivo. Those gentlomon , will no doubt strivo. to iutroduco tho BohJntifio forward game, ns soen in Sydney, into tho Nowcastlo diatriot. Two matches will bo played at the Agricul tural Ground this afternoon. Two Senior teams will moot, tho sides boing comprised as follow :— Probablos : J. M'Mahon (full-back), D. Nolson, Abbott and Lewis (throe-quartors), L. Jacob and Barrio (halves), H. Nelson and Lano (wing forwards), Carson, Alcock,' Walker, Bowman, Crowoll, Webb aud L. Moses. ' Tho Possiblos aro : Rowlands . (full-back), Blaii chard.ltiloy audS. Wickham (throe-qnartors), Gallaway, Smith and . Gregory . (halves), M. Veeoh, Sawyor, W. M6oro\ Arthur Scott, Cupples, Walsh, Colls, Uonlen and Kyre. Tho two craok 'Varsity forwards, Dr. II: Voooh and Ii. Sawyor, will play against the probablos at tho Agricultural Ground this afternoon. The first-immod is now a resident modioal oflioor at tho, Sydney Hospital. Tho Now South Wales team to meet Quoons land will probably bo picked after Saturday's match against tbo Western Distriots. . ,. Tho selectors will nood to alter tho Metro politan forward team' vorv ' littlo for tho . roprosontativo match against Queensland. Now South Wales never had snoh forwards before; Tho men individually aro first-class, and collectively thoy form a grand combina tion: Of course, Bowman has to go in, and wo know that bis presonco would strengthen any forward tenm, especially in the scrum. I had a chat with gome of tho mon on Saturday after tho matoh, and thoy had no complaints to make about loufors in the sorum, as is gonornlly tho oaso. Tho Woatern Districts havo always boon noted -for tho strongth'of thoir forwards, but they will hood to bo exceptionally strong this year in order to hold thoir own. Tho Northornors havo no ropro sontativo forwards, at least wo woro quite un ablo to soe any last Saturday. Tho roprosontativo forwards appoar to bo protty well deuided upon now, unless some of thetn.incot with ncoidonts. Aloock, Bowman, Carson, Hannah, G. Frasor, Woods, and Walker aro, I should thiuk, protty euro of boing solccted for tho scrum, unless one or two of tho Westerners show exceptional form. Evon then tho solootors will hardly bo justi fiod in altering a pack of such strongth and combination. As to the wings, tho only man who on form may be regarded as a certainty is H. Nelson. Just now lie is tho host all-round wing forward in Sydney, his consistent following up and pace planing him, to my miud, in front of F. Hoiilon, whoso following is. Bombtimos spasmodic- H. Road, of Bathurst, appears to bo showing out in his best stylo in local matchos. His, namo appears among tbo thrda-quarterB, but whon tho Wcstornors find that tho Sydnoy for wards aro so powerful thoy will probably do away with ono of the four three-quarters, and sent H. Road to tho wing of tho sorum. Fish is'tho crack wing forward of tho Westorn Distriots, but not having soon tliono meii play thiB year if would bo hardly judicious: just now to express an opinion 011 thoir morits com- . pared with thoso of Hcnlon and Lane. Tho weakest point of ' the Now South Walos toam may yet bo tho throo-quarterB. Tho half-backs aro good, . and , with Biioh mon as Barrio, Gallaway, Mancheo, Moaofl, and Veoch tho solootoriAannot go far wrong: It is said that Barry, the nuggcty half of the Western team; is a vory good man, but if ho is now up to the best metropolitan form ho must have greatly improved airico ho wan hero last. Mancheo did his, work ad mirably on Saturday, saro that once or twico ho soomed timid in marking tho ball with tho opposing forwards dosing up on to him. This, however, is not a usual weakness of his, but if it be dono against the Westerners, whoso forwards aro fast. and lioavy, it may bo fol lowed by Berious rosults. To my mind Gallo way iB the best scrum half in tho colony. Ho is good all round, olover, cool, and strong, nnd against strong forwards stops rusbos vory pluckily. If ho bo omitted tho selectors may put in a good man, but thoy will loavo out a bettor ouo. If Abbott plays against Queensland, tho football public will bo greatly ploasod. Ho bus, howovor, said that ho does cot care about doinL' so. but, being human, I boliovo lio'll be found in tbo fiftuon on tho eventful day. Many hold tho opinion that if he will not oppose Queonslnnd tho 'Varuity captain Rhould not bo CI108011 to rfjprofloiit tho Alotropoliti, but with tins I do not ngroo. Supposing that wo havo to find a man to lako Abbott's place, tho beat way to tent thn country men, from whom somo of tho tliroo.qnartors aro oxpootod to come, ih to pit them agnuiBt the very strongest of opponunts. P. B. Colquhoun is next in- rank to tho prcHont University captain, and all going woll ho must bo rcgardod an a certainty. Word comos from Hatlmrnt that H. Head has Hhown good form, but I liko him hotter an a wing forward. Supposing Abbott and Colquhoun play wo Bhall have two mon wbom it i« im possible to better. Tho seloetloji of the third threo- quartur in not so cany, for thoro aro fiorcrul mou having almost «-ual clalmn. If lioberts woro a «urohandlorof tho hall ho would bo about tho bent man to put in, an ho la a good flooring membor. Duggan aincupacitatiou puts him beyond consideration. D. Nolsou, of tho Univorxity team, in tho inont roliablo of tbono wo havo hooii in Svduoy, navo, of course, C White. Tho Boloctbrs might do worso than invite Wlutn to talce part iu tho match against tho Westornors uoxt Mntnrday, ho that ho may be tried out. He is fast, cool, nud a Unit olaJs lacitlor, after Saturday's form. Tho Northerners aro firm in tho belief that ho should bo oho-on. next to Abbntt. Last yoar Cobb wan brought down, and lifter such a pro codont tho nolcoting triumvirate would act wieoly in giving Whito a trial, for if ho really be a good i-cor!.ng throe-quartor bo'd get n ohanoo to bIi'uio with our forward toam and Abbott in the contro. Failing Whito, D. Nelson, of the Univorsity loam, la tho moat roliablo player for tho position. Ho is a good tuuklor, handles tho ball woll, and is a hard man to atop whon ho goU going. Tho following havo boon aolootod to ropro sout Queensland in tho ooming matches in this colony :— -Full-buoks, R. M'Cowau and F. Ivory ; threo-quartors, A. Austin.W. Hawkins, B. Bullmoro and J. O'Shca ; Imlf-baokB. W. 'Wnvbriok, 1). AUnuin, G. Biorotou, and W. Graltou ; forwards, M. Auatin, J. Fattoraon, G. Coun«9ll, D. Milno, J. Holmes, H. Ltiya, D. Graham, G. Houslor, W. Woods, R. Munro, and II. Doylo. Th» abovo is a protty poworful combination, especially in the back division. Tlioir for wards will bo much lighter than ours. Thoy will fiud that the combination of our forwurds will beat thoira. Moat of thoso selooted havo playod against Now South Walos during tho pant few soasono. Broroton visitod Sydney with tho 1890 toam, but was not fieleetod. Ho put in good work iu tho return game at Brisbane last year, aud ia 0110 of tho best half-baok* iu tho colouios. O'Shoa, Allman, W. Warbrick, Patterson, Counsoll, Luya, Honaler and D. Oraham woro moinbnrs of thn 1S92 team in N.S.W., whilst A. Austin, M'Cowau, Ivory, Holmos and Wooda ropro Bented Queensland last yoar against this colony in tho Senior division, and Uullmoro in tho Junior. Graltou, Hawkins, Milno, Muuro and Doylo am now mon. Tho formor is au oxcolleut contro half, and Munro is a fine forward from Toowoomba, a country town 100 luHos from Brisbano. M. Austin is not un known iu Sydney, whoro ho playod, for tho Globo last year as a Junior, but loft for Brisbauo beforo tho final mutohos. He is a tip-top contro forward, and has improved a lot this soason. Tho team will loavo Brisbano on Tuoaday, July 17. .-.'.. A conoort will bo held in Iho Balmain Town Hall to-night, for the purpose of raising funds 10 erect a fence around the Bii'uhgrova Kosorvo Football Ground. Tho Council has givon tho uso of the hall froe of chargo, and a largo number of tickets has boon sold, and tho ladies aud gentlomau who havo kindly con Boutodtotake part havo givon thoir sorvices gratuitously, so tho committoo anticipato a great success financially. ^ An article on tho Now Zealand tour appears on the front page of this issuo. Will Mr. Mumby, late of Taranaki, N.Z., call on Mr. Watson, Paragon Hotel, Circular Quay. Important.* 