REMINISCENCES OF OLD BENDIGO. No. XXXI. By DANIEL MERINGTON. Broidio and Martin (J.C.) were connected by marriage and worked off many little sur prise parties on our infantile sharemarket. But Martin had grit, pluck and audacity. Avowedly careless os to the. means by which ho achieved bis ends, his frank cynicism and 'utter absence of cant commanded- admiration if not approval. 1 never know a pion -more absolutely devoid, of fear than Martin, more ready to moot dinger, or cooler than when that danger was faced. Andrews with whom he worked as mate on the New Chum hill has told mo instances of -his personal- courage which I could not* have believed without knowing the man. In “free fights’,* such ns would interlude bur festivities, 1 ' his pluck merged into ferocity. Armed with a massive finger ring he cut and .gashed, right and left, with lightning swiftness, regardless of return blows, till his adversaries fled, cowed and dismayed. Like one of Truthful James’heroes in the “Row on the Stanis* Ians " He was a most sarcastic man > * 'Ihis quiet Mr Brown, And ou Several occasions, Ho had cleared the town.”' ‘ Slrinkingly hahdsbmo’in feature, Martin’s physique was an anatomical mistake. Stand ing sideways, ho scarcely cast a shadow, while his limbs, of unusual length, were little more than suannablo at their thickest dimen sions. At his early ago—less than 30—ho was a confirmed opium-eater, using the drug as an anaesthetic for the agonies of dyspepsia from which ho habitually suffered. His powers of sarcasm were exasperating and frc-> quontly brought into play when the “lay” previous to “going for" a victim. Reid, of the Oriental Hank, whoso nasality was of’ re markable prominence, brought him up before ; “ Moo" for assault and detailed the circtfln stances. Called upon for his defence, Martin E leaded guilty. “The fellah was impertinent,” e drawled, “and 1 pulled his nose; it is a long nosb, your worship, and I pulled it so-voro-ly.” Davie Williamson, who returned (o Sand hurst some five and twenty years bach, and was, I grieve to learn, killed in a mining acci dent, worked for mo in Gippsland for some time. _ A fine, stalwart young follow, good and willing craftsman, and of decent nurture and education,' 1 found him a most agreeable hutmato. In'ono of our evening conversations ho told mo a story the substance of which I will attempt to narrate. Digging in California Gully, in the middle fifties, ho camped not far from the hut of an old “lag” known ns Derwent Jack. This was a morose, scarred and weather beaten ex-man of-war’s roan who seemed to make friends with none around him and whoso.carouses, oven wore confined to the solitude of bis own abode As with Jack Jenkins and myself (vide earlier pages of | these reminiscences), a queer sort of intimacy sprang up between Davie and the recluse, so that, \vhon the latter was down with dysentry, -Williamson “did” for him and Jack would, Inter on, reciprocate by hauling up water or dirt from a shaft deeper than usual. At last the old man fell seriously ill, coming near to giving up the ghost, and believing himself on his death bod. Then, calling nurse Davie to his side ho let up as follows: “You’ve been a good friend to mo, and I want to make some returns for it. I hover thought to toll my secret to any living soul, but I’m dying now—yes sir, thank you all the same, this is my death bed and I’m going to tell you something ns’ll make your immortal pile.” In the revolt of the South American colonies froth Spain, about 1830, Jack had served in Cochrans auxiliary squadron, per mitted, if not’ authorised, by the British Government to assist the insurgents. At the taking of Monte Video, ho and pal, while looting, bad come upon a treasure of jewellery which, by his account, must have been of immense value. Even while scouring their booty alarm was raised that ’reinforcements of the enemy wore entering the town. The bugle sounded and the invaders made for the, harbor and ships. Jack and his partner were .among-the lost to quit. wQhasod by the Spaniards and encumbered by their swags, they broke for covert. His mate was shot down but our hero got away with the treasure into the ruins of an old hacienda whore he planted it in a dry well, and loft it covered with _ broken masonry from - the parapet. Stealing through the night to the harbor, under great risk, ho seized a’boat and gained his ship as it was weighing anchor. The fleet stood away, and never since then had the narrator boon able to revisit the spot Taken and imprisoned, escaping and wrecked in a whaler, on coral reefs in Southern seas; the nrtoient mariner had gone through fabulous adventures, redolent of the fo’-castle, till ho drifted to England, once again. Hero a drunken brawl in classic Wappinp, whore death was dealt at his hands, gained him a life sentence in Van Diemens Land. Obtain* inf* bis “ticket” after many years, ho oamo oyer to the diggings, twice made a rise suffi cient to take him to the" Spanish Main, and each time swamped Ifis moans in Melbourne. The yarn, circumstantial enough in its primary details, bad so much of the fairy talc and improbable in subsequent construction that Davie, though interested by tho rambling narration, scarcely felt inclined to take much stook in its voracity. Surely so valuable a prize stowed away safely and not of insupor* able difficulty in its .recovery, would.have exacted more effort and self denial than had boon shown by old Jack, who roust, ns a sea faring man, have had many chances of finding passage to tho Main.Once upon the econo of his cache, tho disposal of some of tho least valuable gems, or of their sotting, would have placed him in funds enabling him to bring them to some American or Continental market. Doubtless tho old fellow was drivel ling, in tho weak state to which sickness had brought him. Anyhow from tho night of that partial revelation, Jack’s malady took a turn for the bettor. Ho recovered and got to work again. Frequently and with evident solioitudo during his convalescence, probed Williamson with questions os to what bo had “lot out” when “off his head.”' “I expect I was talking a lot of rubbish, sir, likely enough about thb wars' in South America and them Spanish girls, oh?” Davie’s persistent a vowel that ho remembered nothing of such delirious babblings quieted the old man but did not seem wholly to disarm his suspicions. Months-passed away and Williamson was roofing, At a'.dislanoo when word was brought him that gltLJAok^vas.dying ,and wished to see him, particularly. This,time,, the noise less 'foot was really at the threshold of tho, sordid littlo"'eab!nj, v and its occupant, con vinced oftho ,, nbar approach 1 of the dread visitor. Jay oxpootant, but eloardioadod and sensible. “God-.bloss you, fur coming, Mr Williamson.a,nd for your past kindness to, a rough ojd ooyo like mo.. You know what I tola you before, sir, though you did try to ease my hiind by protending to have forgot it. -May'-bo-. you didn’t believe mo. Now look hero, Mr Williamson, every word was gospel truth; s’holp mo. God 1 Fetch that tin box hbro and open them papers. Here’s tho plan of the Country between Monte Video and the harbor. It’s only a rough sketch, sir, but ail the bearings and distances is mostly correct and the names pf the places. Even supposing that in forty vitars; tho old place is pulled down and "tho ground ploughed over the' jewels are safe,, down at the bottom of that old welL Ygu go artor it, Mr Davie, .as soon ns jro.u’vo got the moans. Promise mo. that, sir, ■end,I’ll die cosy. ' With the desired promise in his Oar, coupled, however, with mental re servations on the part of its giver, the old man of-war’s man, sailor, whaler, convict and digger “ wont over” peaceably; perhaps, like Falstpff, whoso career' had been little more adventurous, “babbling o’ green fields.” Tho follow-man's blood stains whioh hands of each must show at Peter’S gate would seem to have lain light on either conscience. How the practical experience of centuries past, ns of 'to-day, unsettles-our faith in terrors of death bed remorse, over crimes of a lifetime, such as wo wore taught to. believe inevitable! California was a rich gully in the early days and as I stood bn the .bridge recently gazing at the groy slimo oozing slowly along ray thoughts woqt ’ bank some forty two ’ years and “in my ’mind’s eye” I saw a thousand*blue ehirtqd yellow trousered diggers pegging out, sinking; 'driving, puddling, panning, while ’their'wmto'or grey tents studded the slopes oLtho old .watercourse. 'Surely whore Dstbod' must bo close by the old crossing, whoa Neil Brown.hndtho patch, almost at grass between •ho half'bared’ roots of the big gum-tree. Yes fend a score yards : lower down Happy Jack bottomed at flv-o foot upon a gutter of Almost if o.lean ■■ gold,- His-first tub washed twenty pounds weight; ho took the gold, wot, straightway to the shanty' and never slopped shouting till the last ounce was gone ! That abanty waB soon afteHraided, by the police, iU atQok.ponflqcatod nnd its runnor fined and imprlsbned. 'Tbo big tent, contrary to custom I was not burned down, however, but sold by I auction,to ,‘l.jBSg Jack” who utilised it, solely, i as a dwelling-place, Here,.some weeks later, 1 25 diggers took shelter from a sudden thunder storm. As bad luok would bavo It, tho “ traps" were round that rrhoin and what tboy 'sound of many voloua/pyopeeding quondam g'rpg-shanty Mil Upon'tbo" Bcrgenoyfl .ear. ‘'Aba! at it again.'V 1, Th6-’trfi/(r)vfl8,sur-; rounded, Noll Brown WVhtbore domlqgfautf ito soo what was up .vtforoVdrlydfl jiahk '6,1* thg bayonet’s point. All bantls'-Afaho) taken,* handfc cuffed, to the camp, and finotl'i(£i5f ofoadrc *Nb£ it drop of liquor was protended t'O'-hwobeon , found on tho promises but tho o'wnor and (some of tho. sholtores bailed from 11 t’other .'side.” Good enough; tho orowd became on i“ unlawful assemblage" and its members suffered accordingly. Moral; it was not [always a proof of wisdom to “come in out of the rain.” | Tho “ nosoitnr a soous” axiom dear to Boom ■ digo Mao and his coadjutors, thenaboul and j drastically put in force almost without dis 'crimination, while by its purging process , muob Advantaging our community, iS a whole, j (ell at times heavily upon innocent individuals. Horace and 1 wore ono’o oamphd neat the [abode of tbroo ex- conviots, honest, hardwotk : ing men as any on tho diggings. In neighborly fashion there was frequent coming And going betwixt the two tenls, interchange of tucker and burrowing of cooking tools. In tho eager thirst of knowledge and study of character of those my salad days, I would . often smoko and obal with the “ lags” of an evening, or play cribbago and allfoura on a wot day. On one occasion of this latter kind, our conversazione was broken up by tho advent of a dray-load of visitors ; tbroo men, two women and a rod-polled, shook-bcedod boy of twelve or fourteen who looked the incarnation of deviltry. All wore from tbo .“banks of tbo Derwent” and looked os if they bad reached that stream, deservedly, by Government impulse. I cleared for my own tent. Shortly whilo wo wero at dinner, our neighbors’ but was surrounded by troopers and all its inmates mode prisoners. Tho newcomers had boon trailed from Mclvor and wore wanted for various episodes of “sticking up.” Their guileless hosts, two in number—for the third man was absent—wore sentenced to three years for harboring reputed thieves. Said my male, who drew tbo lino of intercourse at lending a loaf of bread or bor« rowing the camp oven, “I hope that will be a lesson to you, Mister Dan.” That riled mo and, in defiance, I started in tho rain, over tbo Big HIM, to warn tbo third man, Tom Tomkins, of tbo fact that two traps wore lying low in ambush to “cop” him on bis return. 1 mot him, bringing up a load of grog and a “missis,” and never knew a man more grateful for service rendered. Drawing quickly off tho main road into tbo bush, whore Tom would have deluged and loaded mo with “square" hod I so permitted, the newly married couple spool their honcyroom, in tho granite fastnesses at head of Bullock Creek, proceeding thence to Tarrangowor and nut re turning to Bondigo till tho affair had boon forgotten. Tbc readed-headed boy devil who accom panied tbo sticking up gang managed to slip away from his captors and dropped down an old shaft whose “drives” communicated with those of a dozen more. I think I have said before that it was an article of faith with tbo rank and file of tho police never to descend a shaft, on any consideration. Upon tho officer in charge, on this occasion, and not till ho had called, in her Majesty’s name, upon sundry diggers for assistance devolved tho task of following tho escapee. His descent was ungraceful and his rc-appcarance, from a shaft lower down tho lead, tho signal for up roarious laughter from nil hands, including tho prisoners. Tho fallen in drives through which ho > had crawled, on all fours, had ruined tho glories of his uniform, irretriev ably ; his head gear was bumped out of oil shape, and the gallant sergeant looked as dis reputable a mudlark as one might wish to boo. Worst of nil, ho had not got tho boy. His language, I must say, was reprehensible ; in fact “ The oceans of profanitee that issued from his lips • Would float her Majesty’s uavoc—and many other ships.” That boy lived underground for three months, during summer weather! Occasionally some early bird of a digger, intend on picking up tho golden worm, would catch sight of a flaming touzle head disappearing down a shaft; and, once, a party sinking for a sup fiositious “pillor” dropped through on to his alely-desorfced lair; but though his presence was acutely felt and bitterly commented upon among us, wo never saw tho young rip till Cardew caught him red-handed (and red headed) and handed him over to his natural enemies—the police. Meantime ho had lived at our expense, making nightly forays upon our unprotected larders to an extent which almost justified tho truculent suggestion of “Stockman Harry” (who was said to have played tho game among the Murray blacks) to leave a poisoned damper within his roach. Tho hoy certainly could never have oaten half tho tucker ho Look, nor could ho have possibly found use or market for all the miscellaneous articles stolen from our tents. Prcdacity must have been horn in his veins and kleptomania developed by his early training. Our little crown lost, ioteralia a silver watch, a double barrelled “Joe Man ton” (for which Labour had refused £50) and a silver-mounted writing case filled with homo letters. Many others suffered with equal severity. Tliejyoung imp mutt have had a combined marine store and curiosity shop in tho catacombs of Butcher’s Gully. (TO UK CONTfN’CBD.) 