HUMOR AND PATHOS OF CHARLES DICKENS. There are some writers who have written one particular hook which' stands out preeminent from amongst all their works. Not so with my two favorite novelists— Sir Walter Scott and Charles Dickens, with the latter of whom I have at present to deal. At first when I started to read Dickens' works I slowly plodded my way through them, simply because I could not at that time get anything else to read ; but now every little sketch he wrote is devoured with avidity. What a procession of characters Dick'ens brings before the mind's eye. Here comes worthy old Micawber, still "waiting for something to turn up;" and Uriah Heep; with his " 'umble" appearance follows. Then passes by Mr. Dick, worrying about King Charles' head, and thinking that some of the trouble must have transmigrated from it into his own. Dear old Betsy Trotwood is still chasing the donkeys away, while Steerforth and little Em'ly and Barkis, who is always " willin'," are again recalled to remembrance. Little Oliver Twist is constantly asking for more, and poor Smik'e remains a witness of the enormities formerly practised at Yorkshire schools. We can still imagine what they must have been in those days, for Dickens has given us a vivid description of them. The children were literally slowly murdered in these establishments. " With every kindly sympathy and affliction blasted in its birth; with every young and healthy feeling flogged and starved down; with every revengeful passion that can fester in swollen hearts eating its evil way to their core in silence, what an incipient Hell was there." But amidst our sorrow fcr the " young lives which from the earliest dawn of infancy had been one horrible endurance of cruelty and neglect" we cannot resist having a laugh over the inimitable letter of Miss Squeers to her friend, in which she describes Nickleby's flight along with Smike. " Niekleby is very good," wrote Sydney Smith ; " I stood out against Mr. Dickens as long as I could, but he has conquered me." Tom Pinch is still to the fore, although the hand and head that created such splendid characters as he and the Brothers Cherryble have long since lost their cunning. Pecksniff, with his sanctimonious air, and his daughters, Mercy and Charity, we have still in our midst ; but for the credit of modern nursing Mrs Sairey Gamp with her bottle, which she applied to when she felt " dispodged," is only a re miniscence of the past. We can still imagine Mr. Pickwick in his famous breach of promise case, and his servant, the faithful and humorous Sam Wellcr, whose father gravely counsels him to beware of " widders," Mr. Stiggins, the " shepherd," we re member too, and in this connection Dickens states that it is only the pretence of piety which he satirizes and never piety itself. The humor with which the " Pickwick Papers," is filled to overflowing made it a favorite with the public at once. "Have you read ' Pickwick ?' " was the question heard everywhere when it first appeared. It made the sick forget for awhile their sickness, the harassed and anxious merchant his cash account, the artizan and laborer their weary toil for daily bread. A reverend gentleman stated that after giving all the spiritual con solation he could to a sick parishioner, on turning to the door he heard the man exclaim, "Well, thank Heaven, ' Pickwick' wfll be out in ten days any how 1" Dickens often presents the most solemn things in a humorous manner, although he means no irreverence in so doing, as, for instance, when Mould, the undertaker, says, in reference to the children, " The sweet creeturs ! playing at berryins down in the shop, and follerin' the order-book to its long home in the safe." We admire Mark Tapley's manner of meeting misfortune ; and there is another shadowy form which has been produced from the teeming brain of the novelist which is familiar to us all, " very muddy very hoarse, very ragged. Name. Joe. Nothing else that he knows on. Don't know that everybody has two names. Never heard of sich a thing. Don't know that Joe is short for a longer names. Thinks its long enough for Mm. He don't find no fault with it. Spell it. No. He can't spell it. No father, no mother, no . friends. Never been' to school. What's home? Know a- broom's a broom, and knows ifs wicked to tell a lie. Don't recollect who told him about the broom or : about the lie ; but knows both." " To my mind," wrote the late Dean Ramsay, " nothing' in the field of fiction is to be found in English literature surpassing the death of little Joe." \- And now Mr. Scrooge is recalled to our remembrance. He has wonderfully improved since his interview with the ghosts of Christmas Past, Present, and To Come, and has become a second father to Tiny Tim, who did not die- after all. But we are presently away in the Kentish meadows, and the " Old. Curiosity Shop," with Its fragrant story Blends with the breath that thrills With hop-vine's incense all the pensive glory That fills the Kentish hills. Lord Jeffrey wept over the final scene in this' book, and Dan O'Connell, the- famous Irish politician, threw the number which contained the description of it out of his carriage window in a passion, exclaiming, "He should not have killed that little girl 1" Concerning this work Dickens says in a letter to his- friend and biographer, Forster — "I resolved to try and do something which might be read by people about whom Death had been with a softened feeling' and with consolation. . . It makes-- me very melancholy to think that all these people are lost to me for ever, and I feel as if I never could become attached to any new set of characters." By means of his representation of Mr. Fang in " Oliver Twist," Dickens was successful in removing an obnoxious magistrate from the bench of whom it- was a life-like portrait. Bill Sikes, Fagin, the " Artful Dodger," Nancy, with her devotion to the brutal house breaker, rise before the mind when we- think of this boob, as well as rough Mr. Grimwig, who was always offering to- eat hi3 head, but never did it. . " Dompey and Son" gives us Captain Cuttle and Mrs. Pipchin, the latter of ' whom is everlastingly gazing at the fire- while seated in her high-backed chair. Then there is the death scene of Little Paul, when " sister and brother wound their arms round each other, and the golden light came streaming in, and fell upon them, locked together." " How fast the river runs between the green banks and the rushes, Floy I But its very near the sea. I hear the waves.. They alwayB said so I" Presently he told her that the motioir of the boat upon the stream was lulling him to rest. How green the banks- were now, how bright the flowers grow ing on them, and how tall the rushes 1 Now the boat was out at sea, but gliding smoothly on. And now there was a- shore before him. Who stood on the bank! He put his hands together as he had been used to do at his prayers. He- did not move his arms - to do it ; but they saw him fold them so behind her- neck. " Mamma is like you, Floy 1 I know1 her by the face ! But tell them that the print upon the stairs is not divine- enough. The light about the head is. shining on me as I go." Lord Jeffrey wrote to Dickens, on. reading the death-bed scene : — " Oh, my dear, dear Dickens, what a No. 5 you have now given us 1 I have so cried and sobbed over it last night and « again this morning, and felt my heart' purified by those tears, and blessed and loved you for making me shed them,, and I never can bless and love you enough. Since the divine Nelly was found dead on her humble couch, be neath the snow and the ivy, there has been nothing like the actual dying of that sweet Paul in the summer sunshine of that lofty room." We may have humorists nowadays better than Dickens, or authors whose pathos will in like manner unlook the innermost door of the heart ; but I know them not. Of one thing I am certain. As long as our human nature remains the same, and the English language is spoken, the master-hand will be remem bered with affection who created Paul Dombey and little Nell, Pickwick and' Sam Weller, ragged J is and Oliver Twist ; who has caused sides to shake with laughter, and tears to run like rain ; the humorist whose satire leaves- no sting behind — Charles Dickens. — Thos. Mube Howie in the Scotsman. . 