Crown Land Sale. There was a small attendance of buyers at the sale of Crown lands held yesterday (Tuesday). Precisely at 11 o'clock the Land Agent (Mr. Lewis Jackson) read over the □sual conditions of sale, and the 17 lots at BIythdale township were first pat np. The lots were in areas of half a acre each/ the upset price being £5 and £4 per lot. Five of the £i lots were purchased by Mr. T. J. O'Sullivan at the upset price. They were allotments 6 of section 1, and allotments 4, 5, 6, and 7 of section 2. Nine suburban allotments, one of sis acres the others of ten acres each, sitnated on the western bank of Bungil Creek, were also, offered, bat did not elicit a bid. The lots are situated opposite Mr. Hanlon's farm, known as Grinstead, just beyond Mr. Bassett's paddocks. The upset price was £2 per acre, with £3 3s. survey fee each lot. All the lots not sold will be open for one month to selection at the upset price. Dalby is the most unfortunate town in Queensland (says "Quid Nunc" in Charle ville Timesj. Everything seepis to conspire to play it low down on the $>lace, and its burghers are always in trouble. This time the Municipal Council is the difficulty. The corporation is in a "bang" condition, and the local pap-r, voicing popular sentiment, suggests that it " complacently give op the ghost and attend its own funeral." This it stontly refuses to do so long as some one can be found to ruu the show. The majority of the allotments within the suburban area have long since been repudiated by their owners, and are consequently non-revenue producing. The income from rates just about squares the expense of their collec tion ; while the whole caboose only exists on the tolerance of the Government, to whom it is indebted in an amonntfor which tbe entire town would be little more than an adequate security—a yearly increasing liability. This is,, indeed, a melancholy state of affairs. No wonder the Divisional Board declines to be saddled with the incubus. The Bundaberg Star of Saturday last states:—It seems to us to be not alone di s graceful but actually infamous that civil servants, well connected, should be permitted to commit crime with impunity, and that in their case j ustice is suspended. A few weeks ago in Brisbane a highly if not extravagantly paid accountant in the Lands Office was convicted of embezzlement of public funds, and was released under the Probation Act. A few days ago another .Government clerk was similarh dealt with, and in this issue we report another case where a civil servant is also lpt loose uoder the same Act. If: civil servants are not to be punished for robbing the country, why should the public be put to the expense of costly prosecutions? Why should the Government take proceedings against them at all ? We who are robbed are also compelled to pay the cost of a prose cution and then see the offender, if well connected, let-loose without ; the . slightest punishment. A dozen remarkably large and heavy Swede turnips grown on the experimental farm at Waega Wagsja have been sent to Sydney. The turnips: were exhibited at the Wagga Wagga agricultural show, where they attracted a great deal of attention, some of them being as large in circumference as a man's body. They .were grown from some of Carter's, best seedreceived from England. The production of such fine turnips in a comparatively dry district like Wagga Wagga is regarded as remarkable, and as auguring well for the success of the frozen meat trade in Australia when crossbred sheep becQH)e n)ore numerous, turnips and cross bred sheep having been, it is'stated, the chief element in the success which has at tended the New Zealand frozen meat trade. 