Crattf.e. XXXVL— Sellon's Last Lie. Bat that he held the key to it in the shape of Violet's communication, the reserve, not to say coldness, of his reception by the family, would have astonished Sellon not a little. Now however, it in no wise disconcerted him / rather, it struck him in the light of a joke. He had got his cue, and meant to act up to it. So when his sometvh.it involootary host asked if he would mind Riving him a private interview, he replied with the joUiest laugh in the world. ' Certainly certainly, my dear fellow. Delighted. Well, Mias'Kffie'— as that young person ran against them ia the hall—'* here I am, back again to tease you, you see. 'Where's Uncle Renshaw, Mr. Sellon?' said the child. Maurice stared. The straight question— the straight look accompanying it, discon certed him for a moment. ' Renshaw ! Oh, coming on,'' he answered quickly, ' coming on. He here soon, I dare say-' He had nuule the same son of reply to the same inquiry on the part of his host. He thought he had doDe with the subject. It irritated him to lie called upon to repeat the same lie over and over again. 'By the way, Mr. Sellon,' began the latter. ' did you get the letter I sent you at Maraisdorp V' ' Mister Sellon ' ' Maurice started. Old Chris, was taking the thing seriously indeed, he thought with an inward laugh. ' Not I»' he answered. ' Probably for the best of all possible reasons. I didn't come through Maraisdorp, or anywhere near it.' ' Before going auy further I want you to look zt this,' said Selwood, unlocking a small safe and taking oat the unfortunate want you to look attentively at the direction He still held the envelope. Maurice took one glance at the address — the handwriting behold. ' All right. I know that caligraphy well enough. Ought to by this time. Ha, ha ! So ahe has been favouring you with her peculiar views ou things in general and me in particular. \ ou ought to feel honoured,' '? 1 1 Favouring me *'' echoed the other, in ** Yes— yon. I suppose the communication 'My dear Sellou, look at the address again,' -&aid; Christopher, handing him the envelope. *' By Jove ! It's for me after all,' looking at it again. ' What u. treat ! Why the devil can't the woman write legibly !' he muttered. Then aloud : ** Why it looks exactly as if it was addressed to you, Selwood.' ' Ha — I am very glad indeed to hear you say that. I thought the same. You see, I'd letters, and opened it by mistake' ' Tiic de aJ you did !** ' Yes. I can only tell you how sorry I am, and how I have spent: life cursing my blander' another tiling. I feel bound in honour to tell you that I didn't become aware of the mistake until I had run my eye down the first page. did not read a, word. ' Sellon b«rst into a roar of laughter— ap- parently over the mistake, in reality as he realised how quickly he would be in u. position ' My dear fellow, don't say another word about it. The joke in an exceedingly rich one. See what comes of our names being bo in fernally dike. Two sells— eh :: Butyoudou't suppose I am going to share in your enter tainment over this charming epistle 1 Not much. Just ohliqe me with a match.' 'Wait, wait,'' cried the other. 'Better read it this uine — or at. any r*w us much of it ' H'm \ Well, here goes,'* said Maurice, jerking the letter out of the euvelooe as though it would burn his fingers. '(Juke Ins eye down ' the sheet. 'That's about enough of this highly entertaining document, the rest can be rakt-ti its read, like a petition to the House of Commons. That match if you please. Thanks. I need hardly remind yoat- Selwood,'' he went on, wutchiD^ Lhe flanuDg sheet curling up ia the grate, ** I need hardly remind vou how many men there are. in this world who marry the wrong woman. I daresay I needn't remind you either that a considerable ncrcent«ige of tbeic arc entrapped and defrauded into the cnoccrn l,y lies and deception against which it is iitxt to impos sible for any man to guard -ui all events any young man. When io this 1 add that there are women in this world who for sheer, gratuitous, unifotm ticudishncss of disposition could give \\\w devil points and beat him at an easy canter, I think I've said about enough for all present purposes.' ' This is an awk'vard and most unpleasant boBUVss,'' said Selwood. 'Excuse me if I teel bound to refer once more to that letter. The- er -writer makes reference hy name to Miss Avory, who is a guest iu my house, and a. relation of my wife's— and that, too, in a very extraordinary manner, to put it as mildly as I can/' ' My dear fellow, that's a way of hers. I can assure you L am. most awfully put out that you should have been annoyed about the business. Ae to the mistake, don't give it another thought.' ' How did Mrs.— cr— the writer — knov-- Miss Avory was here '::' This was a facer — not so much die question, as the fact that the knowledge of Violet'a whereabouts on the part of the writer implied that he, Sellon, had not met her thereat Sbnningdale for the first time. Bat he hoped the other might pot notice this side of it. ' That's beyond me,' he answered. ' How did Bbe know I was here * fcor I. need narttly tell you we don't correspond every mail exactly- I can only explain it on the score that more people know Tom Fool than T. K knows ; that there are, I suppose, people in this neighbourhood who hail from the old country, or have relations there, and the postage upon gossip is no higher than thai upon business.' ' Vou will not mind my saying that it is a pity we did not know you ?vrere 2. raarned ' * Had been' you should have said, not ? were.' Not bat what legally I am atill tied np fast enough — chained and bound— which has this advantage, that it keeps a man from all temptatiou to make a foo! of himself a. second time in his life. Srill, it doesn't count otherwise.' ' So, I suppose not,' Baid the other, significantly. ' Perhaps it doesn't keep a nuin from making a tool of other people, 'Now, my dear Selwood, what the very deuce are yon driving at 7 For heavens sake let us be open and straight with each other.' ?* Well, I aieantfais. 'it'sa most anpleManr thing to have to say to any man. Bat, you see. Miss Avory is our guest, and a relation as well. Von must know as well as I de that marked.' One of those jolly laughs which has so genuine a ring, and which Maurice knew so well when to brint; in, greeted this speech. 'Look here, Selwood,' he said, ' I don't want to hnrt yonr feelings, but tbe fart is you don't understand women in the least. Vou are qniie on the wrong tack, believe me. Miss Avory doesn't care tbe ghost of a straw for me, or my * attentions. * Vou mnst remember that we both knew- er— the same people in England. There, you must fill in die outline. I am not at liberty to say more. But there won't be much time to put the matter to the test, for I've got to leave you To Christopher Selwood's honourable mind no doubt suggested itself as to the genuine ness of this explanation. There xeos a frank straightforwardness about it which, with a man of his character, tras bound to tell. He felt intensely relieved. But to this feeling there succeeded one of humiliation. Had he at the start t Had he not raised a veritable storm in a teapot, and set everybody by tbe ears for weeks 7 Had he not in his anxiety lo on burden himself abdicated bis owo mature judgment in favour of die less reliable decision of his wife 7 In short, had he not made a consummate ass of h'rna^f all round ? Of ' By the way, Selwood, there is one thing I want to tell you about now we are together,' said Manrice, after a pinse. ** You and the others were asking about Fanning just now. The fact is, he is not with me, but 1 couldn't say so without entering inro farther explana tions, which wnnld certainly have alarmed the ladies. We found oar ' Valley of the Eye' all right, and a deuce of a job it was. Phecgb ! I wouldn't go on that jaunt again for twice the loot. The * Eye' ia a genuine concern, I can tell yon — a splendid stone — Fanning has got it. Well, we spent the day picking up a few other stones, and jast as we were clearing one uc were attacked by a lot of Bushmen «:? Koranuns, or whatever they were, and had t'- n;u. Rv Jove, it ?was touch and go. They p:es=od us hard until dark, and then we had to separate — to throw them ofl' die scent, don't you see 7 We agreed to meet at his place— that is, if we were to meet any where again in this world. Well, I had an awful time of it in those infernal mountains, dodging the niggers. I couldn't show my nose ? in the daytime, and dido'c know the country well enough to make much headway at night, and I nearly starved. It took me more than g, a week before I could fetch the river, and get \ throagh. to Farming's place, and when I got there he hadn't turned up. But I found a letter which had l-ecn sent by special messenger, requiring me at Capetown, sharp, about some infernal but important law busi ness, and I'm on my way thtire noiv I left a note for Fanning, telling him what to do 'ill. my share of the swag when it came to divid ing, for we hadn't had time to attend to that then, and except a few small stones he has it * all on him. It'll be something good, I guess. 1 dare say he's turned u» at home again loos before this. He was just laughing in his sleeve at the idea of a few niggers like that thinking to run him to earth. And he seems to toon- that ttn-ful country like A IS C. I ' That's bad news, Sellon, right had nernv' said the other shaking his head. *' Reushau* h;.s been all bis life at that sort of thing, so we mast hope he'll turn up all right. But the pitelier that £oes too often to the pump ' Well, 1 need hardly say I divoutly hope lie .will, for if not 1 shall bo the loser to a very Urge evtent, as all the snag is irith him. Km i somehow feel nert aiu we Bhall hear from him 1 almost directly.*' ventures that evening to the household at Urge Sellon in no wise minimised his expe riences o{ the undertaking, or his own exploits. It is only fair to say that he really had undergone a very hard time before be had succeeded in striking the river at the drift where they had crossed ; and, indeed, it was more by good luck than management that tie had reached it at alL And during his narrative one listener was noting every word he said, with breathless attention. Whenever he looked up Marian Sel rood's blue eyes were fixed upon his face He began to {eel very uncomfortable beneath that steady, searching gaze. Bat he felt more so when, his story finished, Marian began to ply him with questions. **A regular cross-examination, confound it '.' he thought. And then by way of a diversion he went to fetch die few diamonds which he had kept apart to show as the sole result of the expedition- These were examined with due interest. The fact of Selloo arriving alone created no suspicion in the minds of Selwood and hia wife, nor yet uneasiness. Was he not a newly-imported Briton — and to that extent a greenhorn ? If he could find Iris way nut and successfully dodge his pursuers, was it likely that a seasoned adventurer such us Rensha w would fare any worse? So on the latter's account they felt lint sma.ll anxiety. Not so Marian, howovt-r. A Terrible suspicion had taken shape within her mind daring Sellon 's narrative. ' He has murdered him -' was her conclusion. ' He has niur Aered him,' she repeated to Tberself daring a night of sleepless agonv— such as a strong concentrativc nature will sometimes be called upon to undergo. But ehc kept her suspicions to herself —for the present at any rate. She was helpless. What could she' do 7 There Mas nothing to go upon. Then on Uie morrow, Sellon took his de parture, as he had announced his intention of doing, add tiie equanimity with which the circumstance was regarded by Violet, together \rith dieir indifferent demeanour towards cacli other oa the previous evening completely lulled any suspicions which might have lingered in Christopher Selwood's mind ; con firming as it did the othersfrank and straight forward explanation. For bin wife had not yet told him all that had rrannpired between herself and Violet. [To 3r ennrhtdni n-rt w*/i-.l 