THE GHOST OF THE GUEST CHAMBER. By E. A. J. - All daylong the door bell had teen ringing, and the wedding goeets kept coming nntil at last all had arrived. There were cousins from everywler', it teemed to the children, and each a wad ding aa it w»b going to be! Bees was Id be the bride, and Bees was the qneen of i the family jast now. 8be was always lovelv ; to-night she was beautiful; thp bridal veil, a gift from grandma, and the same she wore at ber'omi wedding, failed to hide the fair yonngfac«from a hewt of : admiring eyes. Even Cousin Walter, supposed to be heart-broken by this mar. j riage, was startled ont of .his melancholy at the sight. Bess In white satin and orange blossoms was very different from : Bess in white mhelin and bine ribbons. Why, she wsa indeed a very qneen, and i he half expected to see the ladies in wait-. tng and the royal guardsman Sorroand After the ! ceremony, congratulations and sapper, a game ^ ude^Kttdiseek waP proposed. Away flew Boss, with a crowd of merry seekers after her, throngh the corridor and, op the stairs, until she reached the great wardrobe tbat stood in j front of the old gneet chamber, wblob had j not been opened for many years, . : She ran m .behind it and tried the door ; of the chamber, found it unlocked, and j entered, still holding the knob in her j hand. With flashed face and bated breath she listened to the merry voices onteide; then, imagining she was diaoavered as the i feces came nearer, She let go of the knob ; and poshed the dcor to, only to find, to her horror, that she conld not open it again. Gradually the sound of voices died sway, as the seekers all ran off, cry ing, "She's in tbe oak closet 1 Let's go i there and look I" And down stairs they went, making sscb a noise with their ehontmg and laughing that they conld not hear b«r repeated calls. "Oh I the horror of ill"' she cried, wringing her hands. "Self-imprisoned 1 will they ne«r«r come back ? Boar ehalll ; ever get dot?" What Id this room, which she had never entered in her life before ? She began to tremble, with fear, it was no dark and myetsrions. Why, oh-why did she come there at ail? Not a ray of light penetra ted the awihl dsrkness aronnd her ; the, sOatica became so intense that her very heart throbs seemed to fill the dreadfol space. Were there such things as spirit*} She wondered ; if so, there might lie one in this niom. What whs that? Something toncbed her band, she w»a sore, something that was cold and clammy, like icy fiogom. Oh, Heaven, it was clutching at her skirts ! Sbecronobed low down on the floor in s perfect fruzy of terror, then gave a pier cing shriek add fell senwleur' The goest (dumber in grandfather's honse was always looked upon as some thing to be dreaded. There were storfrs t Id of agboat who was seen to w*lk back andtorthinfrontof the door, with a rusty key in his band. Late dt night memberx at the family had aeon it, or fcliooght they had, and each one of the servanta bid been chased by it; not one of them could be mdooed to goioto the north wing after nightfall. Of course Hen knew all tins; she bad heard the story of the ghost many times in hsr_ childhood, and had often gone to bod with faer face bidden in Nora's apron, lest she shonld meet the swfnl spectre. And now that she faajjd herself alone in this very room, all the terror of her child hood returned with redoubled force. Her shriek when aha fainted bad done its' work; i' had.baeu heard down stairs While the hunt continued laughing and shooting went on; whan ebe oonld not ba tond everybody became aober; each faca took on an anxious expression, and they began to ask aaeh other in whispers— *' Where can she be? What has hap pened to her?" They were still looking when the terri fied cry reached their ears. Walter ran off, shooting, *'8be most be in the go est chamber," leaving the groom, Albert, who bounded after him, a few steps behind. Tbey bad scarcely reached the door *Kfo'a everybody else was at their heels. Barring it open, they foand the poor little bride stretched on the floor, uneon scione, with Tabbv, the cat and household pet, who had followed bar unnoticed, Iicuptt her face and hands. So the ghost wae only a oat, after all, and it was her coal, soft Ijttie paw, that Bern mistook for the cold, clammy bead. i.itt3*«2frr#r«74»7 The new foil ajfOwi. 4^m. , The cooafcry l> doynaedto let i All resolutions past. Mistren—" If you don't like your pls^ce, wli&t; do you stay for f" Maid—" Per foori sliUtLoige a wake, mem." , j Tbete U no half-way hon»e between rice i •Ad vUtoeiowMchboaMtyul purpose cm ait down and lata a t«t. The men wbo has ewomoSihoaTd zemeetbcr thii, AfaUaaiituteiti about £9,509, and yat there ere JMnwfeffe wheatbey bare paid £1 Jersmtia ni, sciM it tbsj emus il 9H. 