Renshaw BXnning ' /QU£5T- m w'iaahnW tffBgL 1/>.ITV _ J . „ Runnel-, a Bontnct of Zulu- Wlk " " 'Tireen Snow ,nd Fire," " Through the !, ZU'U CuUotr If BntUnSeld. and it. rtople," etc. CHAPTER XXIII. — FOLLOWING THE CLCE. ' It takes a little time to get used to sleep ing out in the open,,and on the bard ground, ffhe latter the novice is apt to find hard in deed. There is always that refractory lamp or e tone- just under ibe Lip bone, and by the tome be &as; removed this, or shifted his posi tion, he only settles down to find two similar sources of affliction where there was but one before. If timid he will think of snakes, if Aervous he will be momentarily imaeininc some cold, creeping thing crawling over his ear or sneaking inside the lojrs of bis trousers. Add to this the novelty of the situation, and the hundred and one varying voices of the sight, which combine to keep him awake, and it follows that however alluring to the cmbrjro traveller may bo the prospect of 11 oamping out," the reality is less pleasant -—till begets uaed to it. Bnndiaw, remarking that their late for. Beddable visitant needn't have wished them good-night quite so loudly, rolled him self in a blanket, and in ten minutes was fast asleep. But fiction, being new to this hind of thing, speedily fell a victim to eaoh and all of the little inconveniences above de tailed, and passed a most uncomfortable and restless night. The howling of tbehytonas, mingling wiih the shriller "yap" of the hunting jackal — sounded continuous — then, just as he was dropping off into a doze, tbe loud 4 4 baugh! baugh ! of a troop of baboons on the mountain side, started him wide awake again, his first impression being that their late visitor was prowling around, in- ; tent on cultivating a closer acquaintance. Twice, indeed, he did hear that tbundroue, muffled roar, which once heard is so unmis takable, but it was in the far distance. On the whole, therefore, all unrested as he was, he felt anything but sorry when his com panion, looking out from under his blanket, jstared at the stars, then leisurely aat up. 44 By Jove! I've been envying you," growled Sellon. 44 You've been sleeping like a log, and I've hardly closed my eyes all eight." 44 Not, eh? Ah, I forgot you're not used to this sort of thiog. Yon soon will be, thongh. Xurc in again a little longer while 2 brew the coffee." 44 Coffee! Why, man, it isn't daylight yet." 44No. butina few minutes it will be. However, you lie still. Try and snatch another hour's sleen. I'll rm» fn ovbtv. thing." He was as good as his word. When Sellon awoke— not in another hour, but rather more tbantwo— the sun was already up, but his oomrade was nowhere to be seen, nor were the horses. There was the coffee kettle, however, handy by the fire, and some bisouit. Having absorbed a steaming cud or two, Sellon lighted his pipe and felt tetter. A donble report sounded from some way along the river bauk then and there. In about twenty minutes Renshaw returned . "I've been marketing," he said, turning Aalf-a-dozen ring doves out of his pocket. Tfoese little jokers are not half bad when grilled on the coals, and they don't take long to oook. To-night will be the last time we oan make a fire, until we find ourselves here again— that is, if we oome back this way.' 44 Well, I shall go and get a swim," said Maurice, jumping up and stretching him- pelf- 44 A swim? Hold hud. Where will yon get it?" 44 In the river, of course," was the as tonished answer. But Renshaw shook his head. 44 You'd better not try it, Sellon. It isn't eafe." 44 Why? Alligators?" 44 Yes. You can't go into deep water. Bu: there's shallow a little way up, where you can Lave a good splash. It's only a matter of a few inches if you keep close to the bauk —and you must keep close to it, too. I've been in myself this morning — and, by the same token, it's the last chance of tubbing weshallget. I'll go as far as tbe rise and point you out tbe place. Half an hou- later Sellon returned, rein- vigorated ty his bath and clamoring for breakfast. The birds had been plucked and spread upon the embers, split opcD, spatchcock fashion, and when ready afforded our tra vellers fa. toothsome breakfast. Then they saddled up. 44 We sha'n't do onr thirty miles to-day." Said Renshaw, as they rode along. 44 We started too late. But that won't greatly matter. We have plenty of time, and it's better to keep the horses fresh than to rush them through." 44 So it is. Bui, 1 say, thie place is like the Umtirara Valley, micas tbe bush and the greenness." It was. As they rode on, the desolate Wilderness of the defile increased. Kocky Slopes sparsely grown with stunted bush, the usual cliff formation cleaving the sky-line. Boulders large and small studded the val ley, lying -like eo many houses on the Hill- Bides or piled up in unpleasantly obstructive profusion, right along the tine of march. Of animal life there was little enough. Here and there aq armor-plated tortoise stalking aolemnly among the stones, or a large bird of prey circling overhead — but of game, no sign. As .the sun mounted higher and higher, ponring his rays into tbe defile as though focussed through a burning glass, the heat tried Sellon severely. "This is awful,", he growledj for the 'fiftieth time, mopping hia steaming face. " Is it going to be like this all the way ?" 44 It may be. But we shall have to do most of our moving abont at night. We can take ft easy now and off-saddle, and trek on again towards sundown. Until we actually begin onr search, 1 know the ground by heart. Come, now, Sellon, you most koep up your determination. It's beustiy trying, I know, for an unseasoned ohap ; but thiuk of the end." 44 1 believe I'll gets sunstroke first," was the dejected reply, as the speaker flung him self wearily on tbe gronnd. 4Xota bit of it Here, have a drop of liquor — but you'd better take it weak, or It'll do more harm ihan good." And, getting oat a pannikin, Itan&h;&w; poured in a little of the contents of his fiaek, judiciously dilut- ang n irom tue water-SEin siong across we paokhorse. This water-Bkin, by the way, was an in genious contrivance of his own, and of which he was not a little proud. Like it Eastern prototype — upon whioh it was modelled— it consisted of a good-sized Angora kid— one of fhe legs serving lor a spout. 44 Not a bad dodge, eh ?" acquiesced Ren- fihaw, in response to his companion's re- ' mark. 41 The water has a leathery taste, I Admit, but it's better than none at all. I hit Vpou tbe idea when I first began these expe ditions. Something of the kind was abso lutely essential. Trekkiug wiih waggons you carry the ordinary vaatje (a small, drum- shaped keg), slunc between the wheels, but It's .an inconvenient thing to load up on a horse— in fact, the second attempt 1 made the oon corn got loose and rolled the whole way down a mountain side — of course, Jptintc-ring to atoms. Besides, this thing fcoHyjnjre ud keeps the. water cooler. I . tiuar uytng of thirst that tune, being jtoe niAt»an4iwo days without a drop of raom anything ; for this is a mighty dry country, I needn't tell you." 44 V hat if ihe whole yarn should turn out moonshine after all ?" said Sellon, with the despondency of a thoroughly exhausted man. " There's one thing about it that looks fishy. How could what's hia name— Greenway— wounded as he was, fetch your place in two or three days ? Why, it'll take ns nearly a week to do it— if not quite,? 44 That Vprr ftiincr afrnnt nta a I A—at- ' ..2. Renshaw, quietly shredding up a piece of Boer tobacco. 44 My impression is, he didn't come back the same way -as he went. Yon see, he knew the country thoroughly. He may have taken a short cut and come straight over the mountains. For I'm pretty euro the way we are taking is an altogether round about one." 44 Then, why couldn't the fellow have told you the shorter one, instead of sending us round three eides of the square f" 41 That's soon explained. In the first placo, this way is easier to find, the land- marks more unmistakable, and the travelling better. In tbe second, you must remember the poor old chap was at his last gasp. It's a good thing for yon, Sellon, that he was, for if be had only lived half an hour longer — even a quarter — he'd have given fuller details, and I should have found the place long ago. Look how dis jointed ihe last part of hie story is— just the main outlines, trusting to me to till in detail. I tell yon, it was quite pitiable to see the manful effort he made to keep up until he had said his say." Later in the afterroon, the heat having somewhat abated, they resumed their way, which grew at every mile more rough and toilsome, between those lofty walls, winding round a spur, only to find a succession of similar spars further on. Then the sun went off tbe defile, and a coolness truly refreshing succeeded. Renshaw, leading tbe way, held steadily ou, for there was light enough from the great sparkling canopy above to enable them to more than distinguish outline. At length the moon rose. 41 Look ahead, Sellon, and tell me if you see anything," said Renshaw at last. 4 4 See anything? Why, no. Stop a bit, though," shading his eyes. 44 Yes. This infernal valley has cotne to an end. There's a big precipice bang ahead of us. We can't get any further." ou i » eu, now, iook io rue ieir. Sellon obeyed. At right angles to the valley they had been ascending, and which here opened oat into a wide basin, barred in front by the cliff referred to, ran another similar defile. 44 There it is," continued Renshaw, in a satisfied tone. 4 'That's the 'long poort' mentioned by Greenway — and," pointing to tbe right — 44 there are the 4 two kloofs.' " It was even as be said. The situation corresponded exactly. 44 We'll go into oamp now," said Ren shaw. 44 Let's see what you'll think of my 4 hotel.' " Turning off the track they had been pur suing, Renshaw led the way up a slight aoclivity. A number of boulders lay strewn around in a bind of natural stonehenge. In the midst was a ciroul&r; depression, contain ing a litle water, the remnant of the last rain fall. 44 Look there," he went on, pointing out a smoke - blacken ed patch against the rock. 44 That's my old fireplace. Our blaze will be qnite hidden, as much as it can be anywhere, that is. So now we'll set to work and make ourselves snug." Until he became too fatigued to suffer his mind to dwell upon anything but his own discomfort, Sellon' had been cudgelling his braine to solve the mystery of the resusci tated document, but in vain. He was almost inclined at last to attribute its abstraction and recovery to the ageucy of the dead adven turer's ghost. But the solution of the mystery was a very simple one, and if Sellon deserves to be left in the darkness of perplexity by reason of the part he played in the matter, the reader does not. So we may briefly refer to an incident which, unknown to the former, had occurred on tbe evening of Renshaw's return to his most uninviting home. He had been very vexed over the French leave taken by his retainer, a6 we have seen. But, when his anger against old Dirk was at its highest, the latter's consort, reckoning the time had come for playing the trump card, produced a dirty roll of paper. Hauding it to her master, she recommended him to take c&rc; of it in future. Renshaw's surprise as he recognised its identity was something to witness— almost as great as Sellon's. He had been going about all these weeks, thinking tbe record of his precious secret as seoure as ever, and all the while it was in the dubiouB care of a slovenly old Koranna woman. But on the subject of hew it came into her pOflBSSsion old Caatjc was reticent. She had taken care of it while the Baas was sick — and, but for her it might have been lost beyond recovery. More than this he could not extract— except an earnest recommen dation to look after it better in the future. However, it» propitiatory object was accom plished, and heoouldnot do otherwise than pardon the defaulting Dirk, on the spot. Tbe fact was, she had witnessed the stranger's doubtful proceedings and having her suspicions had determined to watch him. When she saw him deliberately steal her master's cherished 44 charm," she thought it was time to interfere. She had accord ingly crept up to the open window and reft the paper out of Sellon's hand — as we hare seen. So poor old Green way's ghost may rest absolved in the matter, likewise tbe Enemy of mar. aind and the preternatnrally accom plished baboon. And, although bedid not state as much, the foot was that tbe Koranna woman had iutended to return the document upon Renshaw's recovery, but had refrained, on seeing him about to take his departure in company with tbe strange Baas, who she dis trusted, and not without good reason. CHAPTER XXIV.— TUE TWO Tueiiet- Heads. 44 Hnrrah ! The scent is getting warm," cried Sellon, aB winding round a spur they came into fall view otft hugecoaee-oaunister- ahaped mountain. It was the end of the third day's trek. Making an early start from the snug camp ing place where we last saw them, they had puslied steadily on until the heat of the day beoametoo oppressive. Then after a long rest they had resumed their march, and now it was evening. 44 Yes, but it'll have to get warmer still to be of much use," replied Renshaw. 41 Look ! There's the other turret-head." i Hitrh aloft, rising from behind the slope cf the first, a great 44 elbow" of cliff started into view. Then a turn of the road once more hid it from eight. 44 There are tho two refered to by poor old Greenway," said Renshaw. "The third, the smaller one, lies beyond them to the north west." 44 Eh ? Then, why on earth are we going in elap the opposite direction ?" For the 44 poort" they had been threading here oame to an abrupt termination, splitting off into a gradually asoendiog kloof on each side of the first of the two great mountains. Without a pomeot's hesitation Renshaw had taken the left-hand one — heading indeed southwesterly. 44 You can't get anywhere by the other way, Sellon. Nothing but blind alleys ending in a krantz."1 Half an hour or so of rough uphill travelling and ihey halted on a grassy nek. And now the two great mountains stood forth right against their line of marob. Rising up, each in a steep, unbroken grassy slope, they could not have been less thsn a,0GQIt. from the valley which girgled their base like the trench of an old Roman encampment. The crest of eaoh was belted around by a smooth perpendicular wall of cliff about a third of the height of tbe mountain itself, gleaming bronze rod in the shimmering glow, barred here and there with livid perpendicular streaks, showing where a colony of aasvogela had found a nesting place, possibly from time immemorial, among the ledges and crannies upon its inaccessible face. 44 By Jove!" cried Sellon, an, after a few minutes' halt, they rode alone the hillside opposite to and beneath the two majestic giants. 44 By Jove, bat I never saw snob an extraordinary formation ! Some of those turret heads we passed on our way down to Selwood's were quaint enoagh— but these beat anything. Why, they're as like as two peas. And — the size of them. I say, though, what a view of the country we should get from the top." 44 Should ! Yes, if we could only reach it. But we can't. The krantz is just as Impracticable all round as on this side. I tried the only place that looked like away, once. It 6 rnumi III. iVl A knnlr nf tK. euuvnil nn. There's a narrow rooky Gssare all trailing with maidenhair-fern — masses and masses of it. Well, iBuppose I climbed a couple of hundred feel, and had to give up. Moreover, it took me the best part of tbe day to come down again, for it I bada't called all my oerve into play, and patience, too, it would only have taken a fraction of a second — and — the fraction of every bone in my anatomy. No. Those summits will uever be trodden by mortal foot— unless some fellow lands there in a balloon, that is." An hour of further riding, and they had reached the extreme end of the second gigantic turret. Here again was a nek, con necting the base of the latter with the ragged and broken ridgeson the left. Hitherto they had been ascending by an easy gradient. Now Renshaw, striking off abruptly to the right, led the way obliquely down a steep rocky declivity. Steeper and steeper it became till the riders deemed it advisable to dismount and lead. Slipping, scrambling, eliding among the loose stones, the staunch steeds stumbled on. Even tbe pack-horse, a game tittle Basuto pony, appointed to that office by reason of hie extra sure-footednees, was within an ace of coming to grief more than once, while Sellon's larger steed actually did turn a complete somersault, luckily with out sustaining aov injury, but causing his owner to bless his stars be was on his feet at the time. The seoond great turret-head, foreshortened against the sky, now disap peared, shut back from view by the steep fall of tbe ground." 44 We have touched bottom at ast," said Renshaw, as, to ihe unspeakable relief of the residue of the party — equine no less than human— comparatively level gronnd was reached. But the place they were now in looked lik6 nothing so much as a dry stony river-bed. Barely a hundred yards in width, it was 6hut iu on either side by gloomy krantzes, sheering up almost from the level 44 What a ghastly hole !" said Maurice, whom the dismal aspect of the gorge de pressed. 44 How much further are these tunnel-tike iufernos going to last, Fanning ? I swear it felt like a glimpse of daylieht again, when we were riding np there past the two canister-headed gentry just now." 44 1 shouldn't have thought you were such an imaginative chap, Sellon." 44 Well, you see, this everlasting feeling of being shut in is dismal work. Beastly de pressing, don't you know." 44 You must make up yonr mind to it a tittle longer. There's a water-hole about an hour from here, aod there well off-saddle and lie by for a snooze. By the way, it's dry here, isn't it ?" "Ghastly! It looks like a place where a stream should be running, too." 44 Well, I've seen such a roaring, raciog, mountainous torrent galloping down here that there wasn't foothold for man or beast anywhere between these krantzes. By the bye, you may devoutly pray that there's no rain during the next few days. A thunder storm in the mountains higher np would set the whole of this place humming with water." Tbe suu had left thorn, and the grey dead silence of the savage defile seemed to echo back tbe tones of their voices and the clink of the horses' hoofs with abnormal clearness. Sellon eyed the grim rock walls trwering over their heads, and growled : 44 Well, it's a beastly place, as I said before. And talking abont water, that's the worst of this country— yon always have either not enoagh, or else too much of it All the t>ame, I'm glad io bear we shall soon have some to dilute our grog with to-night. Tnis rattling over stones is dry and throaty work, and the water in your leathern thing must have touched boiting point by now. What's the row !" The last came in a quick, startled tone. Renshaw had suddenly slid from his saddle, and was picking up Bome of Ihe large stones which lay in such plentifnl profusion. A6 he arose from this oocup&tion; a great rolling, writhing shape became apparent upon a B&ndcpit; barely a dozen yards off. Up went the hideous head into the air, waving to and fro above the great heaving coil, and the cruel eyes scintillated with a baleful fire. The horses backed and shied iu alarm, snorting violently. Shorter and shorter be came the movements of tbe head, and the forking tongue protruded as tbe formidable reptile entitled a blood- curdling hise. Maurice Sellon felt himself shuddering with horror and repulsion as he gazed for the first rimp upon the glistening, check-patterned coils of a large python . Whizz ! Whack ! The stone launched from Renshaw's practised hand just grazed the waving neck, knocking splinters from tbe rock behind. With another appalling hiss, the creature, its head still aloft, began to unooti, as if with tbe object of rushing upon its antagonist. Whack ! With unerring aim, with the velocity of a catapalt, the second stone name full in contact with the muscular writhing neck. The frightful head dropped as if by magic, and the great scaly coils heaved and sprawled about on the sand in a dying agony. 44 Broken bis neck," said Renshaw, oautioiiely approaching the expiring reptile, aud letting into him with the remaining atones he held in hU left hand. 44 Python. Twelve feet if he'saninch." 14 Good old shot ! First rate !" cried Mau rice, enthusiastically. 44 I say, old chap, I envy you. A great wriggling brute like that makes me rick to look at him. Pali !" he added, with a shudder. 44 Look out for bis mate/' said Renshaw, remounting. 44 Pythons often go in couples. And 1 am sorry to say there area good many snakes about here.'' 14 Baugh ! Bu— angh !" Tbe loud sonorous nark echoed forth, ro startling suddenness among the overhanging cliffs. But it didn't seem to come from high overhead. It sounded almost in their path. 44 Baboons !" said Renshaw. 41 They must be all round our waterbole. There they are. No— on no aocount fire." The poort here widened out. Grassy slopes arose to the base of the cliffs. In the centre lay a rooky pool wlioee placid surface glittered mirror-like in the gloaming. But between this and the horsotnea?was a crowd of dark unoouth shapes. Again that loud warning bark sounded forth— this time overhead, bat so near that it struck upon the human ear as almost menacing. "Btbtons, eh?" said Sellon, catching right of the brutes. 44 I'm going to charge them." Renshaw smiled quietly to hitnsslf. 44 Charge away," he said. 44 But whatever you do don't fire a shot. It may bring down upon us a very different sort of obstruction than t» clompje of baviaans, and then this undertaking is one more added to the list of failures, even if we get out with whole skins." But Maurice hardly heard him to the ,end, ' as spurring up bis horse bedashed straight at the troop of baboons. The latter for their kind were abnormally large. There might have been about three score of the great un gainly brutes, squatting around on the rooks which overhung the pool. As tbe horseman galloped up they could be Seen baring their tusks, grmning angrily. Bat thoy did not move. Sellon had apt bargained for this. The great apes, squatted together, .showing on unmoved front to the aggressor, looked sufficiently formidable, not io say threaten ing. Sellon's pace slowed down to a walk before he got within sixty yards of tbem. Then he halted and sat staring irresolutely at the hideous beasts. Still they showed no sort , of disposition to give way. For a few moments both parties stood thux eyeing each other. All of a sadden, led by about a dozen of tbe largest, the whole troop of hairy monsters oame ehatnbling forward— gibbering and gnashing their great tasks in unpleasantly suggestive fashion. A second more and Sellon would have turned tail and fled ignominiously when — Whiz/.! Whack-whack 1 whack ! A per fect shower of sharp stones came pelting into the thick of tbe ugly crowd jvith the swift ness and accuracy of a Winchester rifle, knocking ouc eyes, battering hairy limbs, playing havoc among them like a charge of grape-shot. With yells of pain and terror the brutes turned and fled, scampering up tbe rocks in all directions. msucuow, guessing uic L>uca events were likely to take, bad quietly dismounted, and, filling his band and pockets with stones, had advanced to tbe support of hia now discom fited friend. 44 Those brutes don't understand us quite," be said, after tbe roar of laughter evoked by this sudden turn in the tide of affaire had subsided. 44 One shot would have sent them soamperiug, but we dared not fire it. They are not used to the human form divine in this wilderness, but they won't forget that bom- , bardmeot in a hurry." " By Jingo, no. Fancy being obstructed by a herd of monkeys. All the same, old chap, they did look ugly sitting there champ ing their tusks at one like that." 44 So they did. Now we'll let our horses drink, and then adjourn to onr sleeping- place. We mustn't camp too near the water, because the krantzes swarm with tigers (leopards), to say nothing of worse cattle, who might interfere with us if we kept them from their nightly drink. And wo can't light a fire to-night." (TO DE CONTINUED.) 