A GRA VEYARD - ADVENTURE. "Then, boys, I Buppo. I have to go T" I addressed tle party with a cheerf'ul tone of affected indifttrer.ce, in hopes that come one among the number, more fond of midnight adventures than I, would v-olunteer to act as my substitute. " Yes," replied one of the students, smiling, "the die has cast your lot." .-" Hlaviing secured in me a tool to serve their purpose, they iushed me success i= my adventureo; and, bidding me good night, I coon found myself alone in the dissecting-rooni. As I sought for the implemrsts requisite for such an adven ture as I was about to engage in, I in, wardly wished tl?t I had never begun the study of medicine ; and bitter were the invectives I cast against the fate that had selected me as the unfortunate one. Securing the necessary articles, I laid them oni the tablle until such time as I was ready to sally forth. It wan:tel two hours to umilnignt; and to pass away the time, which I knew would hang hleavily on ry hands, I se lected from the. book-case one of ernni. more Cooper's works, "Oak Openings." Seating myself, I began its perusal, hop" ing that it would prove sufficiently attrac tive to engross nmy attention. In vain did I try it. aly mindl was worked up to such a state of nervous excitement by the thoughts of coming events whnich didil not "cast their shalnows before," that every line I read contained, in nmy imagination, such horrid deedls of murderers, stalking ghosts, and gravediggers, ttrat in disgust 1 hurled it from me. Tu it-s light it came in contact withl a skeleton whlich stood leside thIe loo;r, and with a dull thump knocked it over; scattering thie bones hither and thither over tire floo:r. With drlated eyes I gazed upon the wr?eck ; but Ireing too timid to touch the sacred bones of the departed deal at that hour of the night, and especially when ther-e was no one in hailing distance, I decided to let tIhe august particle of said deceased try a night's lodging on the bare boards. "Surely," thought I, as I consulted the spirits within my ipocket comspanion, in order to rdvive my oin spirits, "he won't feel any worse than I do." lmagi:: nmy feelinigs as I sat therei with "no one to love," or cheer me uti with .conversation, Nothing but griml old skeletons sitrrounding me o' all sides. The "Oak Obenings" had knocked over the caudle a;ld blown the light out; 'ut I was not " leftto pine away in total darl-neks." re The mellowr silvery beams of the ?mroon, wrhich was then high in the heaivens, came peering gently through the winrdo-ws into the room. The evening was clear alid encrl; ari--thle ipassing winds, swaying to :rdl fi- tLe branchelis of an old elru whlich r Eldr T ieside the Jious. caused them occ"ionaily to gratd a ainst the iiirdow blindsrl. and iue to startle with fear, while I weoull conjure up wanderinrg spirits "evithoat, sighling their mourufull dirges, perhaps cravin-g adlittance to re ' monstr-te against my projected'desecra tion of the garves of their conmpanions. I staggeret to the window and gazed forth, hoping to find something without that would divert mry attention. unt for the lowing of dlistart herds, and a discordant quartette gratuitously gotten up by sun dry sympathetic anul deeidedl u'pathetic specimeas of the feline succies, who were perchedon a fence directly beneath my window, all nature seemed at rest. I was torturing my mind into a pitch i, frenzy by my gloomy meditations, when l heard with joy the ol townr clock ring out the hour of midulght. Hastily throwing on my overcoat, I buttoned it tightly about mythroat, making the collar hide my face as much as possible. Concealing about my person thie a- ticles I needed, 1 slouched my hat carelessly over my eyes, andsilently descendin" the stairs. wvas soon out in the st eet. It was a glorio:s night. The minutest objects were visiltle at quite a distance; and had not the wooa, whaich wa-s sailing majestically through the silver-tinted clouds directly above me, convinced me to the contrary, would surely have laboured under the impression that it was broad daylight.The gentle zephyrs cares singly touched in.y cheeks as they dancerd murmuringly along; and, indeed, it wavas just such a night as galilant swains would select for a promenade wherein they un disturbed might whisper into their idols' wil!ing ears the oft-told story of their love. But it was anuythinlg buet such a nightas I would nave i?eiected for the per petration of the citrage for the acconm plishment of whiich I had been delegated. An hour elapsed before I came ii sight of Cypress Ceme try. As 1 approached its boundaries thie cold white miarbic monuments came in view ; aind the unrac couistatble conrage which I had displayed on my way from the dissecting-roomn and through the silent streets tihither suddenly flagged. I commenced tremhllinig with fear, and while my heart Ipalpitated vio lently, and almnost audiblv, ccld shivers ran through me, and beads of icy p-r-pi ratiou gathered on my brov. 2'his was the first time I had ervr visited a g-aveyard in thie silent, solemn horus of midlnight;and I tu-ned to flee front tire spot as I thought of tire atrciou;rs crime I was about to commit. But thoughts of the scoruful contempt witlh whlich my companion? would receive me if I proved myself, in their estirration, a coward un ecarual to the task, nerved ine; anrd 1 de termined ti secure the earuse at all hazards. Vaulting the cemetery fence with no. light heart or wi'ling bound, 1 crouched beneath the shades of the cypress follage to secure my movements frlom any casuat observer, should any be lurking about, es was oftenitimes the case. As I stealthily crept along, thiniking how miserable I would feel should aiy one dis turb the grave of my own dead moither, for wham I was then in mousrning, 1 was startled by a voice whispering to mrue in alow, measured accents-" Do unto others as you would be done by." I turned to face the speaker; but no one was there beside m;s-elf; arnd attri buting thie language used to someu of the many freaks of my imagination, I con tinnued my way in silence. The monotonous quiet that prevailed throughout thie cemetery wvas udidenrly dlisturbed by the crowingg of cocks in an adjacent farm. Thinrking that the com ing day was dawning, I turned to see if the guoon had gone down, vwhen, tripping, I stumbled prostrate over a grave. I· felt the ground trembling beneath me; I was sinking-sinking ' i tried to rise; I could not, and I cried aloud for help. Oh, the untold misery of thai moment I A tremendous roar, as if ii his indig nation Jupiter had cast a thousand thxuderbolts at ouce from the heavens, and amid flames and chaos I "as sent flying through the air. I fell again' sense less, and when I awoke it was only to confront a grim phantom which stood Flirectly before me. "'AArise I" it commanded; and some in visible aid brought mnetfio y feet, for I was too weak and terrifi-d to assist myself. With fire, flashing from his eyeless sockets, and teeth clenched- it hissed it~ addreazes to zsi- * "Depraved, sacrileious, presumptuous mortal, areyou so vils and thoughtless as to wander at this solemn hoour within the precincts of these hallowed grounds1 Who living, belongs to you, that you seek them here " SI tried.in vain to reply. Tile words I would utter melted :nto air on my uips, and the phantom cedtinued: * "-Know you not, oh, wretched, miser able mortal, that herein are the homes• of those wilo seek rest in eteruity-? You have willingly and prerdditatedly trans greased the laws of tehven nud mand. You have distdrbed me, and called me foith from the shnlibers of ages; and as you soughryoiur:fate herin, I shall seal your \- doom." . SIt then: beckone-d :e to follow it. I tried to turn and fly f:om the spot;'but I could not move a steF Lackwards; and I had lost all control cf my limbs. I tried to scream, hoping th reby to gain assis tance; but my lips weold tl It speak. "Great heaven, de!i-ier n:e " I inwardly prayed, as I felt mi- lege carrying me wheresoever the phan¶ oln went. SAt last we arrived at the summit of a high nrecipice, overlckirig the country for hundreds of miles ar ound. Hiere we halted, and the phantom, rai, ng its arm, pointed to tbe plaiis below, at tie srametne caorn manding me to lookl . There'was the town beyond; and too plair ly did I set, among the many building, the one in which. three hours before, had been compara tirely happy. Tears filled my eyes. and I bowed my head only to gaze on -he dismal, cragged I-ocks, thousands of f:et beneath me. I was standing on tih very brink of the precipice. The s!ightest movement would have hurled me into eternity, and my brains would have mristencd the moss covered rocks below. Oh, the torments, the anguish of that moment S"Vile mortal !" beg:n my tormentor and Ilooked up to hEar my fate--"you have now seen your home where once you were, and could have yet been happy had you respected the graves of our dead. You have but a miment to live, for already I scent the :norning air i" SThe moment passed. It beckoned to me-, saying-- ".Come, come, you booby; are you going to stay here adl night 1" And a rough jerk brought me to my senses. My chum, Gus Becumont, stbood be fore me. The doctor had finished his lecture, and I had been dreaming. 