THIS SHADOW IN THE TUNNEL. I 'Sergeant Emmett !' (T was Sergeant Euimett in those days.) ' Yes, sir.' ' SLoj) round to (Jrunoison's Bant. A letter has just com-3 from Sir. 'Wake fiold, the manager.' From the City Police offices, iu Old Jewry, to Lombard Street is not many minutes' walk, and I was soon facing the manager iu his private room — a- middle-aged man, with a bald head, and a nervous, pale, cleanly-shaven face. Bidding me sit down, he explained his business in a few words : — ' We sent one of our clerks — Mr. Derrick — to present a number of accept ances this morning. They were con tained iu a pouch, secured to his per son l-y it chain. He left the bank shortly after teu, and returned at about twelve, having lost over iio'OO and five unpresented acceptances, with a story that to me, at least, is incredible. But you shall here it from his own lips.' Sir. Derrick, whom the manager now summoned, was a young man of twenty one, tall, handsome, broad-shouldered, with black hair, a rather swarthy oval face, and the slightest pencilling1 of a moustache. He was fashionably dress \- ed, and appeared extremely ill at ease. ' This is a detective officer,' Baid Mr. Wakefield, sharply. ' Kindly tell him the story you have already told me.' After a few minutes' embarrasssd silence, Mr. Derrick plunged so abrupt ly into his narrative, that he seemed to get to the heart of it at once. ' All the acceptances I presented had been wet, and the notes and coin were iu my pouch, with five bills which I had still to deal with. Two of these being payable in Waterloo Palace, I went to Cannon Street a took a ticket for Port land Boad ? ' ' You have five bills left,' I suggest ed, ' where were the other three pay able ?' ' At Pool's Bank, in the Strand.' ' Why didn't you take them on your *ray to Waterloo Place i' ?* The fact is, I wanted to isee a — a friend. When I entered the station,' _he continued, quickly, ' I had over £T&jij; m notes ami goidrbcbMss—th1? five acceptances.' ' The remarkable part is,' the nran ».?«* impatiently interposed, ' that those acceptances are missing, together with over £(JQQ in notes, whilst all the loose gold — about £15 — and the rest of the notes are left. Go along. Derrick.' ' When the train came up, I took a seat in an empty second-class compart ment, and just as we started a wan en tered quickly, and Bat down in the op posite corner,' ' What kind of man?' I asked. ' He looked like a gentleman — abouc fifty, with black heard and moustache, of middle height, pretty well groomed. * He took off his hat when we left the ; Monument Station, and I was staring ; at him, I don't quite know why, and j ?when we stopped again — goodness only knows how it was — I never felt like it ] before — but I tried to look away, and couldn't. One second I thought I was succeeding — it was liko a nightmare ; I eemed to be dragged back again, and then I didn't know any more till I awoke with a start and found myself alone. A few seconds later we stopped at Banker Street, and though I had overshot my mark, I felt for my pouch before I attempted to get out. That was there, but more than half its con tents were missing. I searched the floor, lifted the cushiou — all no good, and then alighted at Kgdwara Jioad, j and took the next train back,' j By this time he had worked himself j into a state of intense excitement, and I ? allowed him a few miuuto* to recover, ' What is your own theory f' I asked. ' I suppose the fellow hypnotised me,' he answered. ' I remember that peculiar sensation steali&g; over me, and that's about all till I found myself alone n iar Banker Street Station.' ' Would the bills be of any value to ' a thief P' I asked, addressing the inau ' Not the slightest,' ho replied. ' Of course, I immediately sent to both l-ahl:s j they had not been presented. ? , That is what puzzles me. They will not be paid now, and nobody would deal with overdue acceptances. The gold was spared, too, the only valuable taiug the pouch contained. You may be sure I lost no time in stopping tho j JK'tL'r!.'' ' ???'till,' I said, ' that would not pre vent them from boing circulated. Kow,' I added, turning to Mr. Derrick j ' whom were you going to call upon in the Wert End r' ! AJ'tor a moment's hesitation, he flush ed deeply and looked full into my face. ' C pon the young lady to whom I ura engaged. True, the call was not paid. She has nothing to do with the alfair ; her name need not be mentioned.' II. Then Mr. Wakefield dismissed the clerk and looked at me inquiringly, 'Weil sergeant?' i ' A part from this affair,' I asked, ' 'have you any- reason to doubt Mr. ! 1 Derrick P' j ' 1 know his friends are better off i than himself, sergeant. lean amagme he spends at least all his income. I Bee that you are not inclined to doubt him.' 'He ie either honest, or an able and 'daring thief,' I tenlied. 'And if a1 tliief, he would surely have presented . al the bills and so have had had a larger stock to dip into. No, sir, do- j pend upon it, someone watched him leave the the oiiice this morning1, fol- ? lowered him into the train, and ? ' j ' Soaioe.ic- very familiar with our busi ness, then,' said Mr. Wakeiield. ' And yet, being a thief, he left half the notes behind. Upon my word, the whole thing is must bowildering.and there does not appear to be the slightest clue to the criminal.' ' Yes,' I ftnswoi'cd, ' a very moderate thief indeed, Mr. Wakefield. If he had taken all the money, you could under stand him. By the by, who was the acceptor of those bills ? ' ; ' Those payable in the Strand — Messrs. Sichel Bros., of Shropshire Court.' ' A nd their total amount ?' ' JW.05!).' ' A sound firm r' I inquired. ' Perfectly sound ; that is to say, in the ordinary state of things. To-day it is impossible to pronounce any firm sound. You know as well us I do that in the present condition of panic some of the oldest houses iu the City are toppling. You can't tell whom to trust. In all my experience I never kuew money so tight. Its price would not matter so much. People would pay any price for money to-day. It is not to be had. Credit is simply destroyed.' ' But,' I suggested, ' such a firm as Sichel Brothers is probably independ ent of credit.' He smiled as he explained t . ' No one is independent of credit. A house — take Sichel s' as an example — is perfectly solvent, and yet depends upon discounting its bills to meet those it has accepted. Now, they, or anyone, ?]se, might hold £5QfivO worth of sound jraper to-day, and be absolutely unable to raise a penny on it. A few days hence they may be able to discount as usual, but there's tiie rub, their ovru. acceptance? become due and can't be met. This morning on'Change it was absolutely impossible to raise money on any ordinary security. You can't tell who will stop payment before night. As I said before, a panic has set M. CASIMIR VERIER, THE NEW PRESIDENT OF FRANCE.. in, and there is no such thing left as credit. Still, as regards Sichels,' per sonally I have no fear.' From Lombard Street I drove to Messrs. Poole's bank in the Strand, and having obtained an interview with the manager explained my business. ' I understand,' he said, '? th.it you want to find out who stole the contents of Gruueison's pouch, and of course it is my duty to help you ? ' ? I only ask you to answer one question, sir. Hut for this robbci-y acceptances to the amount of over £4,000 would have been presented ;-gainsfc Sichel Brothers' account ; wouid those accept ances have been met P' He obstinately shook his head. ' You must excuse me,' he said. ' It will not help you to betray cur cus tomers' confidence.' ' The refusal is siifticient !' I rcpV'o I, feeling somewhat nettled. He extended his fore-linger, mid wan gled it against the breast pocket of my coat. ' Let us say no morn about it,' he said significantly. ' You .put your question, I refuse to answer it. Be con tented with that.' 'Thank you,' I answered. 'How many members of the firm are ' here ?' 'Practically only Mr. Ernest Sichel.' ' What description of man i - he ?' I persisted. ' About fifty r middle height r1 with a black beard?' ' There you're out of it, ^i-geant. No, no; Mr. Sichel has a whitv beard — quite patriarchal. A good-locking man of about fifty, as you say. Hardly like a Jew ; with odd-looking d;u-k eyes, though.' Shropshire Court is narrow, and for a few hours a day its busy throng over flows from the ^ay_oment to the asphalt ed roadway. VeEioIea seldom pass through it, and groups of men stain.' talking in every dcorway. Opposite Sichel Brothers' office I tori; my stand, till a man answering to 'Jib-. Ernest Sichel's description csuue for fi at four o'clock. His iace looked ex ceedingly grave and anxious, and his eyes, to which the bank manager hud called my attention, were the more re marknble on act-cunt of his deathly white skin. Well dressed, he walked with a peculiar shuilling gait and. having followed him. that afternoon t-- his house near Maida Vale, during tli-- ensuing three days I was constantly Hi his heels. It vasou Tuesday that Mv. Wakefield summoned we to Lombard Street, the worst day the City had known for half a century. From t-hstt afternccu, hawever, matters improved. and confidence began to return to men'-: minds. At one o'clock on Friday, wh-.n: the eating-houses were crowded, a;i'i Shropshire Court was at its quietest. Mr. fc-ichel came forth, and taking :i cab in Chesipside, was followed by nn; in another towards Coveut Garden. Not n hundred miles from Drury Lane a perruquier lives, at the corner of two streets, one a busy thoroughfare, the other little better than a slum, with a door in each. Entering the door from the noisiest street, Mr. Sichel made his exit an hour later, but so changed in appearance that even I should not have recognised him but for a careful observation of his clothes and ga it. In stead of white, his beard and hnir was red, his skin nad turned more florid, whilst his eyebrows, having acquired an upward tendency, together with the new arrangement ?i his moustache, ini parted to this staid City gentlemen somewhat the air of an elderly Mephis tophelcs. Yet there was nothing theatrical abcut him, nothing calculat ed to attract any attention ; in fact, the perruquier was an artist, and his subject had become transformed. Making hie way by back streets into the Strand, Mr. Sichel, followed by his own shadow, took another cab to Baker Street Station, where he procurred a, second-class ticket to Aldgate. The look he cast at me when I followed him to the vacant compartment afforded anything but a welcome, but every other was occupied, and I placed my feet on tho cushion, tilted my hat forward, and did my best to appear as if I was sleeping. III. Mr. Sichel was extremely restlosB, and more than once I thought he would change carriages alter al!, but on leav ing King's Cross, after a sharp glance in zny direction, he put his right Ik n I on his breast-pocket and took out a bundle of papers. I immediately grasp ed his am?. 'Mr. Sichel, I think r' The man looked sick with fear. ' I am Sergeant Eminett,' I said, ' and I shall arrest you on a charge of theft. I will trouble you to hand over those notes.' Taken completely by surprise, he utterly collapsed, and handed over the papers without a murmur, the five over due acceptances and over £400 in Bank of England notes. ' For Heaven's sake fix your own price and let me go,' he begged ; and when I shook my head, he implored me to ac company him to the perruquier's, where he might at least be restored to his ordinary colour and appearance. This I could not agree to, but half an hour later we were seated in a private room at a, well-known restaurant, a bottle of Heidsieck on the table between us, oud there, safe from eavesdroppers, he made his confession. ' I did not want to do Gruneisons', or anyone else, the slightest harm,' he began. ' You have not done their dirk much good, Mr. Sichel?' , . 1 ivT / ' I can. make it up to jbittfr' ho con. tiuued. ' All I v:mt.!-l vns to rrsiii liiiio. Hy f:uh'.'i- iiowi.-l his life to i/reatiu;.,' our hi-n-so. I lir.vo wi-rljfd hard to maintain it ; its honour is as dear r-- me us lirV. No house i:i Lon ilnn is more :it''v--:i1. Bui' thoro w-.-iv ? hive ac-L-op'.:u!L-'..'.-5 tlm? on Tiiesd.-iy ; ??tliersr-n wH^i 1 d -pon^d h:;d l.v';-u dishonoured, i could net ol-t:iiu dis .-?'?uiit ::t any p. ice whatever, (lion^-li i hiiwlccd biiL l-'-uinl the City for hi '.irs on Mi-lid::;,-. 1 lay ::vraL-e ail ihr.t ni^ht , .aid on 'i'u^d.-iy 'ii'iiiM!:^-, iiujt ^i;-l - i' gcinfj to my oiiiiV; divvo i-- tli-? fil;r d you i-'.vw ]|]i- 1'iitor t':-::;1;.-. Wli.?n I i-:uiie our u.y own v. il\« -wi--u'd not L.ivo i'eco.jjnUod mi?. 1 had priiilibodliynno tism ;!s an iiiur.toir.1 yi'i-rs lii:r.ii-e it whs :j, matter ol1 cuunuou knovk-s'igo, jib ii i* now. ' It' I could only find :ui opi-1 -rtunity, [ bc-lieved I could save u-.y iii-i:;'n sjood name, liui there s-jouud ten chances to one against iinui::o- 1 no. .Not know ing exactly --;y cv,n iiitoiuit.-ns, but tiwaro that tii-i acccptuui-us v;oro in (?h-uijoisosis' hriTii's, I, t-oiimleiii' in my itisguisu, ir;-.ekod their clerk on Tuesday, and saw him enter one biink aitor ;i?jotl»ei*. ' Whon I'.e entt'-rcd Cannon Street, I made sure lie was bound tV-rthciSirand, till my hopus rose u^.-iin as ha approach ed the railway Btaiio.n. I had no intention to rob Gi-unojsons' or anyone else — I wanted merely to get the ' bills in my own possession siud re tain them until to-day. If they are presented to-morrow they can be mot ten times over. A difficulty was as to the method of restoring- the things ; I thought of the past, then determined to bring them under the cushion of a railway carriage — no one would know it was not the identical compartment — to call attention to thuir projecting end, return them to the ciiieial with a false name and address, and then disappear, But you got the clue, and you have outwitted me, through how you got it, I can't imagine.' ' If you had taken the lot,*' I said, ' you would never have been suspected. But no ordinary thief would leave i5100 j behind him, and the loose gold, and yet take the acceptances. You went too far and not far enough, Mr. Sichel.' j ' The truth is,' he answered, ' I was i frightened of my own shadow. Wo i were between King's CroBS aud Grower ! Street ; the clerk unconscious, I lean- j ing over his pouch, the bilk? and some of j ':iv -'CtOS. in my hand. I glanced j through the' wiudo\v. -..A Cu.^ «''''?* of my own iorui thrown in shadow upon the side of the tuunel. Perhaps some occupant of tha adjoiniug compartment also had seen it ! I sank down to my seat in terror, thrust the bills and notes in my pocket, and, the train stopping in another second, lied from the carriage in something like panic. That is the whole truth,' he added. ' If you take me I am ruined ; if you don't, you're a mad man.' I knew that he would not seek safety in flight, that I could put my hands upon him whenever I wished. I allow ed him to go. After a conference with my superior, and a visit to Mr. Wakefield, to whom I restored the money, together with the acceptances, greatly to Mr. Derrick's satisfaction, it was decided to let the matter drop, and Mv. Sichel's secret has been kept till this day. ANECDorrcAL. — The late Professor Henry Morley one day was speaking to his class at University College of a writer whose date it was possible to fix approximately by the inscription tarved with a penknife upon a school desk. ' Now,' turning to his class, lie went on, 'I don't want you all to begin to carve you. names on these desire, but if any of you know that you are g-iing to be famous, by all mei*us cut them as deep as you like.' Another Btory illus trates his boy -like sense of fuu. It oc curred while he was Dean of tho col lego, and was therefore the oiik'ial before whom students were brought for serious misdemeanors, It is the custom of students, whon not at lecture, to work in the library, a long- room with high Uook cases, on tho i-op of which further cases are placed. In order to reach these highest shelves the librarian must first mount by Judder to the sum mit of the first tier, and then, stand ing on this, get down the book re quij-ed from tic?1 number i wo. A certain student had a grud-ye against the head librarian, who was of diminutive stature. Desiring to bo avenged, ho ascertained from the sub-Iibra-rian the name of a book upon the hi ghost shelf in tho library. When the sub-Iibrariun hud gone for his 3)iid-d;iy laeal, the student approached the librarian :md asked for the book in question. After hunting it up in the catalogue, Mr. W ? proceed- ed to fetch it. He placed his ladder aud readied the top oi the first tier, and then, while occupied iu getting down the book, his retreat was cut off by the removal of the ladder. Now, Mr. W — was pompous, und therefore his ridicul ous position gained for him little sympathy. When the ladder was re placed, the victim of this practical joke rushed straight to the dean, who man aged to preserve his gravity during the recitation, and sent for the delinquent. ' Well, and what did you say to him ?' asked one to whom Professor Morley afterwards related the story. The pro fessor replied, ' I told hfan not to 'do it again.' AiWATS Full. — Tho late George Eobins, the well known Auctioneer, said jj^ne of Mb odrertisements of an eaft^Rfche,had for sale, 'In that £aj^^Mj^g^||||yft always at' 