CHANCES AT WHIST. That even a scientist may be in ignorance of the moat common occurrences at cards is made clear by one of Dr. Karl Pearson's cor respondents, who, says Mr. James Payn, writes with amazement of a robber of wbiat " played on the 5th of July " (as though an occurrence so epoch-making deserved a date) where hearts were trumps in nine deals out of thirteen. . " Unfortunately no written record of the runs was kept, but it is almost certain they were as follows: — Hearts, diamonds, dubs, hearts twice, diamonds, hearts three times, diamonds, hearts three times again." But why should they not be ? It is most curious that while men of science are easily found to believe that, after shuffling a pock of cards, the four suits have been dealt respectively to four different bands, they should express wonder at an oc currence of this kind, which has, in fact, nothing to do with "runs" whatever. I have known in a club whist-room the same suit to be trumps nine times out of thirteen on many occasions, not for one afternoon { but for whole weeks ; indeed, I remember a member of the clnb,on his returning to it after quite a long absence, asking : " Do you still tern up spades in this establishment and his question was answered in the affirma tive. The cause of the phenomenon lay, no' ^dpubt, - in the manufacture of a certain number of packs of cards, tor when we had come .to .the end of our ordinary sppply spades tortied tip no more frequently than other suits. Men of science are wont to sniff so violently at theopinions of whist-players who venture to dispute the doctrine of chances that there is no wonder that they keep them to them selves ; but now that no less an authority than Mr. Andrew Lang has said a good word for ghosts—admits at all events their exis tence to be possible—I hope that someone who is practically acquainted with the sub ject will have equal courage with respect to luck. As to " runs" and the like, 1 confess 1 have no sympathy with the superstitions regarding them : because players in certain seats have lost four times, I see no sort of reason why they should lose a fifth ; nor can I believe that ordering a couple of fresh packs of cards will avert that disaster. One ot the most courteous players 1 ever knew always re sisted his partner's invitation to purchase immunity on those terms. " 1 am prepared, my friend, to risk any amount of stakes with you," be would say sweetly, " but I cannot afford to incnr a oertain loss of two and nine pence." It is difficult, however, in my opinion for an habitual whist-player to with hold his belief in iuckasregardstheindividual. As to his future share of it, I am quite sceptical: supposing their play to be eqn&l;, I would just as soon be the partner of the moat unlucky man in the world as of the luckiest Tbe next robber, for might I know, may be the beginning of a succession of triumphs which in the end may restore his average; but up to the present date I have known players (though only a few) who, as the phrase goes, " always lose that is, who Jose perhaps three times out of four: and I have known other players (though stall' fewer, because nobody will admit tbey win if ] they can help it) who gain in the same proportion. This has nothing to do with skill,or the want of tt; the winning player' may play, perhaps, a little more boldly ont of confidence in his good fortune, and the losing one may be a little too cautious about jfnewes from a contrary experience, but nothing bat lack can account for the enormous difference in their wtiist accounts. And this has gone on, not temporarily, but in some cases lor years and years. Professor Karl Pearson has since written a letter to the Spectator, in which the question of Inch was first raised. He says, referring to the comments of a correspondent of that journalYour correspondent talks vaguely about the odds againstnine hearts in thirteen trials bring "millions to one." It is, of course, easy to calculate them,—roughly the odds against nine trumps of one suit in thirteen deals are about 730 to 1. This sUowb bis acquaintance with the theory of chance 1 The problem is exactly the same i as finding tbe possibility of nine cards of one j suit being drawn in thirteen drawings from a pack of cards, tbe card being returned after each drawing. These are the " theoretical odds,have in:.my powwsaiofl details of some, three hundred,thousand drawings of cards from a pack, etat'sboa pf the contents of betwe»«i4rfr Undtortjr thousand hands at Whist. results in & \- and find the "practical" \- agreemebtF ti'ith the 