THE EBB TIDE. BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON 27 AND LLOYD OSBOURNE. PART I. CHAPTER II.-MOICÍINO ON THE BEACH. THE THREE - LETTERS. The clouds were all fled, the beauty of the tropic day was spread upon Papeete and the wall of breaking seas upon the reef, and the palms upon the islet, already trembled in the heat. A French man-of-war was going out, homeward bound; she lay in the middle distance of the port, an ant heap for activity. In the night a schooner had come in, and now lay far out, hard by the passage, and the yellow flag, the emblem of pestilence, flew on her. From up the coast a long procession of canoes headed round the point and towards the market, bright as a scarf with the many coloured clothing of the natives and the piles of fruit. But not the beauty and the welcome warmth of the morning, not even those naval movements, so interesting to sailors and to idlers, could engage the attention of the outcasts. They were still cold at heart, their mouths sour from the want of sleep, their steps rambling from the lack of food ; find they strung like large geese along the beach in a disheartened silence. It was towards the town they moved ; towards the town whence smoke arose, where happier folk were breakfasting, and as they went their' hungry eyes were upon all sides, but they were only scouting for a meal. A small and dingy schooner lay snug against the quay, with which it was connected by a plank. On the forward deck, under a spot of awning, five Kanakas, who made up the crew, were squatted round a basin of fried deaf and drinking coffee from the mugs. "Eight bells. Knock off for breakfast!" cried the captain, with a miserable heartiness. " Never tried this craft before ; positively my first appearance. Guess I'll draw a bumper house." He came close up to where the plank rested on the grassy quay, turned his back upon the schooner, and began to whistle that lively air "The Irish Washerwoman." It i caught the ears of the Kanaka seamen like a preconcerted signal. With one accord they looked up from their meal and crowded to the ship's side, fell in hand, and munching as they looked. Even as a poor brown Pyrenean bear dances in the streets of English towns under his master's baton, even so, but with how much more of spirit and precision, the captain footed it in time to his own whistling, and his long morning shadow capered beyond him on the grass. The Kanakas smiled on the performance; Herrick looked on heavy- eyed, hunger, for the moment, conquering all sense of shame, and, a little further off, but still hard by, the clerk was torn by the seven devils of the influenza. The captain stopped suddenly, appeared to perceive his audience for the first time, and represented the part of a man surprised in his private hour of pleasure "Hello" said he. The Kanakas clapped hands, and called upon him to go on. " No, sir," said the captain. " No eat, no dance. Savvy?" "Poor old man !" returned one of the crow, "is no cat?" Lord, no!" said the captain. "Like-urn too much eat. No got." "All right. Mo got," said the sailor. "You come here. " Plenty toffee, plenty for. Nutha man him come too." I guess we'll drop right in," observed the captain, and he and his companions hastened up the plank. They were welcomed on board with the shaking of hands ; place was made for them about the basin ; a sticky demijohn ût_molas30s was added to the feast in honour of company, and an accordion brought from the forecastle and significantly laid by the performer's side. " Arranging said he, lightly touching the instrument as he spoke and he fell to on a long savoury is, made an end of it, raised his mug of coffee, and nodded across at the spokesman of the crew. " Here's your health, old man, You're a credit to the South Pacific," said be. With the unsightly greed of hounds they glutted themselves with the hot food and coffee and even the clerk revived and the colour deepened in his eyes. The kettle was drained ; the basin cleaned ; their entertainers, who had waited on their wants throughout with the pleased hospitality of Polynesians, made haste to bring forward a dessert of island tobacco and rolls of pandanus loaf to serve as paper and presently all sat about two dishes puffing like Indian Sachems. " When a man as breakfast every day he don't know won it is," observed the clerk "The next point is dinner," said Herrick; and then, with a passionate utterance, "I wish to God I was a Kanaka I" " There's one thing sure," said the captain. " I'm about desperate. I'd rather hang than not here much longer." And with the word he took the accordion and struck up " Home, sweet home." " Oh, drop that !" cried Herrick. "I can't stand that." " No more can I," said the captain. " I've got to play something, though ; got to pay the shot, my son." And he struck up "John Brown's Body in a fine sweet baritone; " Dandy Jim of Caroline came next, Ronn the Bold," "Swing Low, sweet chariot," and, " The Beautiful Land" followed. The captain was paying his shot with usury, as he had done many a time before ; many a meal had he bought with the same currency from the melodious minded natives, always BE now, to their delight. He was in the middle of " Fifteen Dollars in the Inside Pocket," singing with dogged energy, for the task went sore against the grain, when a sensation was suddenly to be observed among the crew. " Lepena Tom harry myth said the spokes- man, pointing. And the three beachcombers, following his indication, saw the figure of a man in pyjama trousers and a white jumper approaching briskly from the town. "That's Lepena Tom, is it?" said the captain, pausing in his music. I don't seem to place the brute." " We'd better cut," said the clerk. " E's no good." " Well," said the musician deliberately, " one can't most generally always tell. I'll try it on, I guess. Music hath charms to sooth the savage opens, boys. We might strike it rich ; it might amount to feed punch in the cabin." , "Hioed punch? O my !" said the clerk. "Give him something 'of, captain. 'Way down the Swannee River ;' try that." ', "No, sir. Looks Scotch," said the captain ; and he struck for his life into "Auld Lang Syne." Captain Tom continued to approach with the same business-like alacrity; no change was to be perceived in his bearded face as he came swinging up the plank ; he did not even turn his eyes on the performer. We two- had paddled in the burn Frao morning tide till dine, went the song. Captain Tom had a parcel under his arm, which he laid on the house roof, and then * [The sole right of publication In Queensland has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. t I'd in the Fiji banana, j By-and-bye turning suddenly to the strangers, "Here, you!" he bellowed, -"be off out of that." The clerk and Herrick stood not on the order of their going, but fled incontinently by the plank. The performer, on the other hand, flung down the instrument and rose to his full height slowly. " What's that you say ?" he said. "I've half a mind to give you a lesson in civility." " You set up any more of your gab to me," returned the Scotchman, "and I'll show you the wrong side of a style. I've heard toll of the three of ye. Ye're not long for here, I can believe that. The Government has their eyes upon ye/ They make short work of damned beachcombers, I'll say that for the French." " You wait till I catch you off your ship I cried the captain, and then, turning to the crew, "Good-bye, you fellows 1" he said. " You'r gentlemen, anyway ! The worst nigger among you would look better upon the quarter- deck than that filthy Scotchman." Captain Tom seemed to reply. He watched with a hard smile the departure of his guests, and as soon as the last foot was off the plank, turned to the hands to work cargo. The beachcombers beat their inglorious retreat along the shore, Herrick first, his face dark with blood, his knees trembling under him with the hysteria of rage. Presently, under the same purse where they had shivered the night before, he cast himself down and groaned aloud, and ground his face into the sand. " Don't speak to me, don't speak to me. I can't stand it, broke from him. The other two stood over him perplexed. " Wot can't he stand now ?" said the clerk. Assist he 'ad a meal ? Tin licking my lips." Horrid: roared up his wild eyes and burning face "I can't beg She screamed, and again threw himself prone. " This things got to come to an end," said the captain, with an intake of the breath. Looks like' signs of an end, don't it?" sneered the clerk. " He's not so far from it, and don't you deceive yourself," replied the captain. " Well," he added in a livelier voice, " you follows hang on here, and I'll go and interview my represen- tative." Whereupon he turned on his heel and set off at a swinging sailor's walk towards Papeete. It was some half-hour later when he returned. The clerk was dozing with his back against the tree I Herrick still lay where he had Hung himself nothing showed whether he slept or walked. " Seo, boys !" cried the captain, with that artificial heartiness of his which was at times so painful ; here's a new idea." , And he produced note-paper, stamped envelopes, and pencils three of each. " We can all write home by the mail brigantine. The counsel says I can come over to his place and ink up the addresses." " Well, that's a start, too," said the clerk. "I never thought of that." " It was that warning last night about going home that put me up to it," said the captain, --a "Well, and over," said the clerk; "I'll have a shy." And he retired a little distance to the shade of a canoe. The others remained under the purse. Now they would write a word or two, now scribble it out ; now they would sit biting at the pencil end and staying seaward ; now their eyes would rest on the clerk, where he sat propped on the canoe, leaving and coughing, his pencil racing glibly on the paper. " I can't do it," said Herrick, suddenly. " I haven't got the heart." " See here," said the captain, speaking with unwonted gravity, "it may be hard to write, and to write lies at that and God knows it is but it's the square thing. It don't most anything to say you're well and happy, and sorry you can't make a remittance this mail and if you don't I'll tell you what I think it is I think it's about the high-water mark of being a brute beast." " It's easy to talk," said Horriok. " You don't seem to have written yourself, I notice." -"What do you bring in me for?" broke from the captain. His voice was indeed scare raised above a whisper, but emotion changed in it. "What do you know about me? If you had commanded the finest barque that ever sailed from Portland ; if you had been drunk in your berth when she struck the breakers in Fourteen Island Group, and hadn't had the wit to stay there and drown, but came on dock, and given drunken orders, and lost six lives-I could understand your talking then 1 There," he said. rara quietly, " that's my yarn, and now you know it. It's a pretty one for the father of a family, Five men and a woman murdered. Yes, there was a woman on board, and hadn't no business to be, either. Guess I sent her to hold, if there is such a place. I never dared go home again and the wife and the little ones went to England to her father's place. I don't know what's come to them," he added, with a bitter shrug. " Thank you, captain," said Herrick. " I never liked you better." They shook hands, short and hard, with eyes averted, tenderness swelling in their bosoms. " Now, boys ! to work again at lying," said the captain. " I'll give my father up," returned Herrick, with a withering smile. " I'll try my sweetheart instead, for a change of evils." And here is what he wrote : " KJÍMA,-I have scratched out the beginning to my father, for I think I can write more easily to you. This is my last farewell to all, the last you will ever hear or see of an unworthy friend and son. I have failed in life ; I am quite broken down and disgraced I pass under a false name ; you will have to tell my father that with all your kindness. It is my own fault. I know, had chosen, that I might have done well and yet, I swear to you, I tried to choose. I could not bear that you should think I did not try for I loved you all. You must never doubt me in that, you least of all. I have always unceasingly loved, but what was my love worth? and what was I worth ? I had not the manhood of a common clerk'; I could not work to earn you. I have lost you now, and for your sake I could be glad of it. When you first came to my father's house do you remember those days ? I want you to you saw the best of me than, all that was good in me. Do you remember the day I took your hand and would not let it go ? And the day on Battersea Bridge, when we were looking at a large, and I began to tell one of my silly stories, and broke off to say I loved you ? That was the beginning, and now here is the end. When you have read this letter, you will go round and kiss them all good-bye my father and mother, and the children, one by one, and poor uncle and tell them all to forget me, and forget me yourself. Turn the key in the door; let no thought of me return ; he done with the poor ghost that pretended he was a man, and stole your love. Scorn of myself grinds in me as I write. I should tell you I am well and happy, and want for nothing. I do not exactly make money, or I should send a remittance ; but I am well cared for, have friends, live in a beautiful place and climate such as we have dreamed of together, and no pity need be wasted on me. In such places, you understand, it is easy' to live, and live well, but often hard to make sixpence in money. Explain this to my father ; he will understand. have no more to say ; only linger, going out, like an unwilling guest. God in heaven bless you. Think of most the last, bore, on a bright beach, the sky and sea immoderately blue, and the great breakers roaring outside on a barrier reef, where a little pale sits green with palms. I am well and strong. It is a more pleasant way to die than if you were crowding about me on a sick-bed. And yet I am dying. This is my last kiss. Forgive, forget the unworthy." So far he had written, his paper was all filled, when there returned a memory of evenings at the piano, and that Bong, the masterpiece of love, in which so many have found the expression of their dearest thoughts. " Ernst, O wonder I" he added. Moro was not required ; he know that, in his love's heart, the context would spring up, escorted with (air images and * Captain Tom li arising. harmony of how all through life her nairn should tremble in his ems, her name every where repeated in the sounds of nature and when death came and he la; dissolved, her memory lingers and thrill among his elements. One Offender once from the ashes of mv heart Are a Woorim Herrick and the captain finished then letters about the same time, each way breathing deep, and their eyes met and were as el ted, as they closed the envelopes. "Sorry I was so big," said the captain, gruffly "CamE all of a fish when it did come " " Same here," said Iloruck. " I could have done with a team when I got stalled, but it's long enough for all the good I had to say " They were still it the addresses when the clerk strolled up, small ing and willing his envelope like a man well pleased He looked over Heruck's shoulder ' Hullo," he said, " you ain't wilting 'once " "I am, though," said Ileruck "She lives with my father Oh, I see what you mean," he added " My real name is Heiriok. No more Hay they had both used the same rfidí no more pay than yours, I daresay." " Clean bowled in the middle stump " laughed the der! "My name's 'Uish, if you want to know 1 everybody has a false name in the Pacific Lay you five to three the captain as " 1 So I have, too," replied the captain " And I ve never told my own since the day I told the title p age out of my Bowditch and Hung the | damned thief into the sea But I'll tell it to you, boys John Davis in my name. I'm Davis, of the Sea finger " " Dooce you are sud finish. " And what was she ' V pints of a shiver I " " She was the fastest baume out of Portland Main," replied the captain, " and for the way I lost her I might as well have bored a hole in her side with an auger " " Oh, would'nt her, did you > " said the clerk, " 'Ope she was insured " No answer hemp returned to this sally, Huiili, still humming over with vanity and conVersation, struck into another subject. "I've a good mind to send you my letter," said he " I've a good fit with a pen when I choose, and this is a prime Park She was a banns di ran across in Northampton. She was a spanking line piece, no end of style and we cottoned at first sight like parties in the play I oppose I spent the change of a favor on that time Well, I 'happened to remember her name, so I wrote to her, and told her 'how I had got rich, and married a queen in the islands, and lived in a blooming palace Such a sight of ci animals ' I must lead you one bit about my opening the nigger parliament in a cockades It's really prime " The captain jumped to his foot. " That's what you did with the paper that I went and begged for yOU" he roared It was perhaps lucky for Huish-it was and; in the end unfortunate for all-that he was seized just then by one of his prostrating accesses of cough, his comrades would have also derailed but, so bitter was then rosent mont When the fit had passed, the clerk reached out his hand, picked up the letter, which had fallen to the earth, and tore it into fragments, stamp and all Does that satisfy you" he asked, sullenly "We'll pay no more about it," replied Davis. [TO III C0MIMJLI1 ON 11101131)V\ hFVT ] 