Local and General News. The Late Captain D. Walker. — The death is announced of Captain David Walker, for many years a well-known shipmaster in the intercolonial trade, at his residence at Entuore. Captain Walk er wns one of the pioneers in connection with the old A.S.N. Company, nnd suc cessfully worked his way up to a fore most position, being for some years the ' commodore ' of the company's fleet. His connection with the A.S.N. Com pany extended over a quarter of a century, but it was on tho steamers City of Adelaide and Cahors that Captain Walker was best known. He traded in the steamers mentioned between Bris bane, Sydney and Melbourne, and was very popular with the travelling public. Captain Walker retired lifter the loss of the steamer Cahors on the Evans Reef, and ho hns since held a Government appointment. ATJsefulPrayer. — Heavenly Father, bless, we beseech Thee, the publication of this paper. Use it for the promotion of Thy glory. Enable the writers to think Thy thoughts and to state Thy truth. May they ever be ruled by Thy Spirit. Grant that what is printed therein may help the readers to by faith embrace and hold fast Thy Son, J esus Christ as their Saviour ; to more joy fully and with tenderer love fill up on their part that which is lacking of the afflictions of Christ for His body's sake, which is the Church ; and to nbound in hope more and more, through the power of the Holy Ghost, to whom, with Thee, O Father, and Thy well-beloved Son, be all honour, and glory, world without end. -Amen. — The Deaconess. A Big Record. — Many instances of the expertness of the butchers employed at Lake's Creek Works (Q.) have been given in the past, but a feat performed there a few days ago is said to have beaten all previous records for speed. Mr. C. Harford, the foreman of the butchering department, states that on the day named 150 bullocks were killed and dressed, ready for inspection, in 15Q minutes. There were sixteen butchers and four learners engaged on the work. Mr. Harford states he never heard of such a performance, and is of opinion it is a world's record. Making Ginger Beer. — Five gallons of water, 511-. of white sugar, ilb. bruised ginger. Boil the water and ginger to gether, then add the sugar, 2oz. cream of tarter, 1 teaspoonful of essence of lemon ; take up and strain into an open wooden vessel ; when lukewarm add 1 pint of yeast, work 24 hours ; then ac,d 2 whites of eggs, with any shells pre viously saved, to clear it ; bottle noxt day, tie tightly ; it will be ready in about four days. A Reverend Candidate. — An erst while clergyman seeking a seat in Parlia ment is said to have a strange history attached to him, and some most extra ordinary exposures are almost sure to follow his seeking in public position. Tho ex-clerics life when made public will be found to have been one of the most extraordinary experiences of ail adventurer. Every calling in life has been tried even to the degrading one of quack doctor, and failed. Parliament, he considers, now as the only haven of rest, but it is to be hoped he won't get there in New South Wnles. Federation. — Sir George Dibbs' uni fication scheme of federation has not re ceived any response from the premiers or statesmen of other colonies. All they say on the subject is that it requires thought. Sir Henry Parkes claims that, it is a crude copy of his basis of federa tion expressed years ago. The secondary London press pronounce it impracticable, and tlie leading writers have not deigned to notice the wonderful discovery. In any case it is evident that not much vital importance attaches to the matter as so little notice is taken of it. Queer Justice. — Recently in Sydney a young man named George Martin pleaded not guilty to stealing some money and clothes, and the jury ac quitted him. When the verdict had been given, the prisoner said, ' Your Honor, I stole those things,' pointing to tlie property which had been given up by the pawnbroker. 'I got into the house at 4 o'clock in the morning.' Tlie jury were evidently confused and umused. ' Well,' said his Honor, ' nothing can be done now. You are discharged.' At this stage the gaoler interposed. ' He's now serving a sentence, your Honor,' said that official ; so young Martin descended beneath the dock. Mr. Justice Innes gave some comfort £o the jury by telling them that it was just possible Martin was endeavouring to shield a ' pal,' who by-and-byo might be charged with beiug concerned in tho same offence. 