Gluttony of Office. This •persistent refusal of the Premieprjbf Victoria't© call Parliament together is embarrassing- to the. Ministerial .apologises," both in the House and on tho Press. Mr: Patterson himself is rot consistent and there fore it cannot be oxpootocl that his supporters should be logical in their arguments. Mr. Patterson's first contention was that the Cabinet was tho sole judge of the proper time for assembling the -Legislature;', then when ho found the public wore not abased enough to acquiesce in this doctrine ho pro pounded the theory that it was only the sup porters of the Government who had the right to advise Ministers on tho subject. Hearing that .members of Parliament would take.him at his word, and knowing what an ill-disci plined lot formed his majority of throe, Mr. Patterson hastened to add that he <wonld call Parliament together, about tho last week in May -instead .of the second week, of June. This, he lot it ho understood, was a. concession to tho Ministerial Corner mombors, and was satisfactory to the public. Tho publio not being appeased, and the agitation for an early session increasing in strength, Mr.-Patterson pleaded that thorp were no measures ready for discussion, and that ho and his colleagues were doing all that was -possible to reliovo the wide-spread distress caused vby tho lack of employment- for working men, Directly after wards ho . confutes his own statement that thovo -was nothing for Pai'linunont to do, by usurping the functions of, tho Legislative Assembly in ordering the construction, of rail ways and otlior publio works. The Ministry,bad. six oloar months in which to prepare the.meas ures providing for'.'the;; expenditure necessary to reliovo the' distress; Avlrioh1 tlroy know last Ootohar wpulcl liayoto bo roliovod before tho winter of this year sot in. Nevertheless,-they deliberately adopted the . grossly unconstitu tional mothbcT. of ordering the oonstrrrotion of. dip works frrst^ trusting tlroy could 'hoodwink Parliament to forgive ithis, hn.rofn.ood appro bation of public rovomro for private patron age under the, plea of urgency,' M!r. Patterson and his oolleagirds ma.v bb influenced by tho llin.1 J 1.1 J : 1,1 Ml ; "iguofit motrvos of, patriotism, and tliqir actions H'ly bp guidoclTry Hvhb most honourable rosolu doiib, to ad nrrnjqtpato tiro; af(;airs'. of 'tbo. S tato for the boiront ofdilro'people, but tho most ablo ^ministration 'sliopl'd! irot^.bo lallowocl .to pro 00?,J>y •'anoonatitntidnal1.methods,. Mr. Pn.tt.or son's ndmiiiiHtvati ifj''pojtlior'ablb poll tioally, nov, businoss-liko finanoinily.' ' Dvor since ho a1,1T}Mpi'ity,pl' illiipb juqinhprs to pusfj ■ ' Sidolp and :Sir. Gpcvhfvm . Berry's. Ministry on the plea that they were not strong enough to carry out their measures of • retrenchment, Mi\ Patterson's policy has heen one of self aggrandisement. As .Gramhetta said of the Broglie Ministry, his is.not " the ambition of power, hut the gluttony of office." The Statute book of "Victoria, contains no measure of im portance introduced before Parliament by Mr. Patterson or any of -his colleagues. They gained office under the pledge of setting the jfinances of the country in order, and they have isince traded on the measures originated l>y I jtlioir predecessors^ and the dread of members ' •to face their constituents at a general election. I jTho public finances have not been put in Jorder, the deficit has grown by half-a-million, land with more deficits staring' him in jthefaceMr. Patterson talks glibly of develop ing the national resources by subsidies, bonuses and protective duties. Any protest, ^ji^^pv^irning is shouted, down by threats of -•stippfb^sip.n, and a large section of the Press is frightehe'd/'ipto silence by flourishing the tbrjupdioatTed\ g'host of trades-unionism and ^anarchy?/ &ur;'efly the people of yietoria will Aot allow_tli'e,ivjrepresont.ntives to. submit for lauothetf^empt'o Government by brag and gag. 