BXJYim A GHOST. AN INCORPOREAL HEREDITAMENT. A curious action was brought to a termina tion in the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice, London, on April 18. The plaintiff, Mr. Scott-Hall, had agreed to pur chase from the defendant, the Earl of Abmg ton, the house known as Cumnor Place, under the impression that it was the one mentioned in "Kemi worth" as being haunted by the ghost of Amy Robsart. Afterwards he ascer tained that the Cumnor referred to stood some distance away, and he therefore instituted pro ceedings to have the contract rescinded. Mr. Augustine JBirrell, Q.C., was for the plaintiff, and in opening said his client. Mr. Scott-Hall was a gentleman of historical tastes. In July, 1892, his attention was directed to an adver tisement for the sale of Cnmnor Place, which was paid to be the scene of Amy Robsart's death. Plaintiff attended the auction Bale and bid £2,010, on the strength, as he maintained, of the auctioneer's declaration that the property in question was identioal with that described by Sir Walter Scott in "Eenilworth" as the_place where Amy Robsart lived and loved Leicester until har violent end, presumably at the Earl's instiga tion. Tho plaintiff further thought he was getbing the old Douglas ohamber, which was traditionally supposed to be haunted by poor Amy's ghost. Mr. Justice North asked whether that was considered an advantage. Mr. Birrell said it was to a gentlepaan of his client's tastes. _ It was certainly an extra in ducement to him to purohase. Mr. W. E. Scott-Hall then went into the box. He is a gentleman with black beard and moustache, pressed in olerical garb, although in answer to the judge lie said he was not a clergyman. He was alert and matter-of fact in his manner, with, a businesa-like way which Beemed at variance with a passion for ghosts and historical traditions. He bore out his counsel's opening. Mr. Justice North—Is it the fact that you were willing to give £2,000 for Cumnor Place before you were aware that the ghust was there?—Yes. So that you only gave an additional £10 for tho ghoBt ?—Yes. (Laughter). The Earl denied any misrepresentations by bis agents, and, in other words, said he did not promise to deliver any consignment of ghosts such as the plaintiff appeared to have expeoted._ Plaintiff's reply was that if he had been buying mere real estate and not also a stook of ghosts upon the estate he should not have given £2,010 for a house let at £40. As a business transaction that would have been absurd, but as a»_ bargain in apparitions and as a deal in historical associations the price was not so abnormal. The auctioneer repeatedly said, plaintiff maintained, that this was " Cumnor Place, where Amy Robsart died," and that visitors came from all parts of the world, especially America, to see in. Antiquarians and others having ^testified to the building not being the aotual house where Amy Robsart died the judge said plaintiff had 6een the house before he purchased it, and acknow ledged that he was familiar with Scott's "Kenilworth" Scott distinctly Btated that Cumnor Place was at the west end of the church, whereas this property was sc ith-east of the church. Moreover, it abutted on the roadside, whereas Scott; described Cumnor Place as being reached through an approach " dark as a wolf's mouth." When Mr. Scott Hall went down to see the property he did not ask the tenants a question about the room in which Amy Robsart died, or anything similar. That to him was almost conolusive that the plaintiff did not believe he was buying the house where Amy Iiobsart died. He did not believe that the ■ plaintiff acted under the alleged misrepresentations. He did not be lieve for a moment that the plaintiff thought this substantial house was the building where Amy Robsart died, and the action would be dismissed with costs. A verdict for the defen dant on his counter-claim for specific per formance would naturally follow. In point of fact (the St. James's Gazette says) Sir Walter's "haunted towers of Cumnor Hall" never stood anywhere. Anthony Forster's Cumnor was an unpretentious edifice, without any towers, in a close hard by the churoh where he himself lies buried. In this hou«e was the room known afterwards as the Dudley chamber, and the fateful " paire of Btayres " at the bottom of which Lady Robert Dudley, nee Robsart, was found with a broken neck that Sunday evening. But this Cumnor Place has been off the face of the earth for four-score years and more, and not even popular prejudice can compel a ghost to haunt a house that has ceased to exist. That, as affirmed by " the other side," Lady Dudley's ghost took to a neighboring pond is an asser tion that needs confirmation by Mr. Andrew Lang, without whose knowledge no historio spook could possibly commit suicide. 