RELIGIOUS NEWS. St. Bede's, Skmaphohe.— The annual parish eooial of this Church was held in tha Semaphore Town Hall on Friday evening. A well attended tea preceded tho reunion, durintr the course of which tne large nail was oom fortably filled. Tbe programme was opened by a weil executed pianu solo by Miss Mnseon, after which Mrs. Rostnan, assisted by m numbar of ladies and gentlemen, appeared in two very artistic tableaux, representing Hiawatha's wooing. Mr. Wellbourne gave an excftllenb rendering of the song 'Trusty as Bteel,' which was followed by the duet 'Venice,' by Miss Paqualin and Mr. P. Dobbie. The trio 'Don't tiokle me, I pray,' caused muoh fun, while Miss Osborne made a favourable impression in the song, ' Home, dearie, home.' The first parb of the programme waa couoluded hy two scones from tha life of Mary Queen of Scots. Ihe gloe, 'Johnny Schoaiker,' was given with a preci sion that evinced careful preparation, and Miss Anson scored a success in the song 'Tho end of tho season.' After tableaux, taken from bhe 'Merchant of Vonioe,' Miss Paqualin and Mr. P. Dobbie gave very pleasing renderings of 'Twilight,' and 'The ielaud of dreams' respectively. The pro gramme concluded with tbo parb sonu 'In this hour,' by tho choir. Mr. J. Williams, organist of the Churoh, acted aa muEioal director and accompanist, and to him must be attributed a large measure of the euooeasof the evouing's entertainment. Y.M.C.A. Mission. — The Rev. John MncNoil continued his mieuion on Friday evening in the Pirie-street Wealeyan Lecture Hall. Owing bo the inclement weather there was only a fair attendance. In an impressive and earnest addresa Mr. MacNeil explained to his hearero the term 'Full Salvation,' and urged upon them the advisabltmci9s of their accepting Christ as their personal Saviour. The speaker was listened to with marked atten tion, nnd ab the after meeting a goodly number remained, and many professed to accept Christ. Mr. MaoNeil intimated that he would continue his mission nt 8 p.m. on Saturday in the Victoria Hall. He requested the workers to rally at 7-30. He also stated thab he would give an address in bhe Theatre Royal on Sunday afternoon ab 3 o'olock, taking as hia subjecb 'Long Odds against Betting,' in which he would deliver a message lefb by the late well- known bookmaker, Teddy Sampson, who committed suicide in Sydney. Personal.— From the Christian WeeUy— The Rev. 8. Ironside, formerly of Norwood, is tho senior minister of the Victoria and Tasmania Conference, He was accepted as a candidate in May, 183G, etill preaohes occasionally, and says 'God blesses my labours.'— The Rev. L. M. laitt is the last of the Conference guests to leave us. He goes by the express to-day. — From the Christian Colonist : — During last week bhe Rev. T. J. Pepper, of Sydney, who has been supplying tho pulpib of the Hindtnarsh Congregational Church, visited Xapunda and Angaston, where, at the Congregational Churches of those towns, be leotured on 'Eight Days at Jerusalem.' There were large audiences to hear the eloquent gentleman. From Truth and Progress .-—The Rev. E. Dunstan, pastor* eleot of the Pitt-street Congregational Churoh, Sydney, was ab oue time assistant to Dr. Clifford, of London.— Mr. G. S. Fowler, writing from Colombo, intimated thab they had enoountored somewhat rough weather between Albany and Colombo, end thab he wns not quite so well as when he wrote from Albany.— Miss E. Dennese, who has been visiting Sydney m the interests of mission work in India, has returned to Adelaide.— Tho Rev. Charles Bright, of Norwood, haa had again to take- a week's rest ab Bridge water, owiupr to weakness and insomnia. Gipsy Smith's Mission'.— The services con ducted bv Gidsv Smith in the Franklin-street Bible Christian Ohuroh have during the week grown in interest and enthusiasm. Tho Wed nesday evening address, from Acts ii. 4, was . to Christians. The privilege of tho believer to enjoy the fulness of tho spirit and the necessity of ib for usefulness and Borvice were dearly and forcibly seb out. Christians who were sincere in their desire to receive the Holy Ghost and rededicate themselves to Christ wero invibed to tho oommunion hall. In _ response a large number CRtne forward, filling bhe communion hall, the open spaoe aronnd, and many of the adjoining seats. The service was one of great solemnity and power. Thursday evening, though dark and wet, brought a large congregation, and Gipsy Smith delivered a powerful address on ' ' Faith. ' At the close a number entered the enquiry-room. The Church was well filled on Friday, when bhe address was based on the latter parb of Aots xvii. The day of indifference, bhe day of repentance, and tbe day of judgment were touohed upou. It waB perhaps the most solemn and effective service of the Beries. Gip.sy Smith will preach morning and evening in tho Franklin-street Bible Christian Church on Sunday. ? 