The Freezing Works THE South-Eastern freezing scheme; as a newspaper subject got torn to rags in the dicussion of about two months ago, and since then has been allowed to fall comparatively flat. The meeting of shareholders called for September 22nd to receive a report of directors, offers an ex- cuse, if excuse is needed, for re-opening the matter. Without presuming so far as to say that it is so, we hope that this meeting has been called in order that the sanction, or at least the approval, of the shareholders may be obtained before de- cisive steps are taken to expend the funds in the erection of works, and to commit the company to the tender mercies of the English market. There is not the ghost of a doubt but that some movement to- wards an outlet for stock is more necessary now than ever, for latest whis- pers among the knowing ones of the City tend to show that the depression has not yet started to lift. At the same time it is advisable to say without any finesse or diplomacy whatever that the voice of those who are direcctly interested in the South-Eastern District Frozen Meat Com- pany should be heard distinctly before further steps are taken. Had the shareholders, as should have been the case, been drawn from the large sheepowners of the district who could have easily floated the project and would have reaped tits first and chief benefit, this might not have been so necessary. But it must be remembered that the list includes a very large number of people whose interest in root crops and the price of frozen mutton Is but fleeting. And among these as well as among others - again it must be said without reserve - there has existed a good deal of distrust in the success of the scheme. ygas jts necc the id footing, and'l not be - responded . to until someis thing more definite Jmown the prospect ahead and the present p^tiou- iii^hiqh. t3i. have; some new^ihing to tell the shareholders, asfiB^sCa^i^asiBdiMjie-^n^d. ;Tliei total" ; ilumber '^if^ lhlras« Cannot amouiit to more than niile or ten thousand, and it will require the strongest assurances to convince us that "tliis;.auiount evert' if eall9 were paid re^^^ i^ sufficient to carry through succ'eissnilly so large operations as lire' contCTiiplated. Tlie uieeting to be h^ld niextT Saturday will give objectors an opportunity, to fire off the bile they have collected, if any, and will we hope either start the company along on its career with renewed interest, or will be the means of reconstructing it on a less pretentious base. If shareholders in tEe district, show aslittle interest iit this flto^ji'ii'ffi^fM^i the last, they will, have; dnly themselves to blame if they are cdniniitted to a crturse of which: the^ d6 fibt approve. It is therefore, suggested/ in order to 'get "iogether froui this jieighboi-ho^d as niany -of the opinions o£ those interested as possiblei fthafc^tepS should be tpl£en by sinall shaareligHers wj^taVe hot ^.lie tai^e 4eed^ to s attend ait^Mwtft Ganibier 'to have their shares r^^^nfceii by prosy. Whether a uie^tingiof'ihOse interested in the company is held or whether action is taken by larger shareholders who intend to be present, ought to be decided within the next few days. s MURRIMBUM CHEESE FACTORY—Mr. J. S. Mitchell, who was selected by the Directors of the Murrimbum Cheese Company to fill the position as manager, has now declined to accept the billet. After an interview with the Directors he found that a mutual agreement as to terms could not be arrived at, and he therefore withdrew. It was decided at a meeting held last Monday that the managership should be offered to Mr. J. Murnane, of Cobden, Victoria, and it is most likely that he will accept it. THE WOOL MAEKET.—Advices received from.the ^National Wool Co. Assert .that the influence i)f -Anierican orders in Australian markets will force prices to their maximum between thenionths of November aild February of next year. They advise growers to study the position and take advantage of what will most likely prove an excellent market, and to sell in Australia,-as the usual- re-action consequent dri a strong rise is sure so follow, although the.V 4o - no.t. .expect values to recede to the lowest level touched in 1894. During the present season it is thought that Australian sales will reach over 1,000,000 bales. The - National Wool Company holds its opening sale in Melbourne on or about the 11th of October. PEESENTATION.—In order to suitably recognise ttye ^.value Eof the services rendered asj^rganist during the past, the m congregation; hf .the Church of England this week made a presentation to Mrs. J. S. Poyntz. The presentation took the form of a so|id L bar gold brooch, with the initials of the.recipient engtaved on it, and bearing the mscription—" Presented by the congregation of St. Michael's Church, September, 1S94." The individual subcriptibn to tlie fund was limited to one shilling in order to. make it inore widely represent the good feeling and good wishes of the members of the congregation. ISHEABBBS MEETING:—A .meeting of shearers ; was ~ held in the Somerset Hotel pn Saturday evening last. Several members spoke favorably of the shearing difficulty, and taking everything together it was considered that the A.S.tl. have a long way the best of it, and as members intend to oppose any reductions ill the South-East and Victoria the P.tJ. will have quite enough of it by the tune the last shed is full. It was reported that ^lencoe is likely "to start "verbal with Union raPtes- " The Secretary stated that "shearing" wotild be starting in another two or three weeks in the Tatiara district, and as there is not likely to be any trouble up that way, and with the delay in the North, New South Wales shearers are likely to be scarce in the South-East, thus making things better for those that are left at home; FARMERS' SHEEP.—To illustrate . the difference in fattening qualities of different breeds of.^sheep; Mr.; Geo.- Ginger .has sho\yoa uf^n-^e. ,-carc^.es of lafnbs killed for him. The first" "is a crossed South Do\vu»from a crossbrefl^ewes live weeks ^oltj -Hi^wjeiglis ,32 Jbe^ -second is a seven- eights Lincoln nine weeks old and weighs 84 lbs.; the third is a inerinp older than the Lincoln and weighs only 26 lbs. All the lanlb? are off the same grass and while the weight of the South Down cross is almost equal to that of the Lincoln and more than that of the merino, it has nothing near the size' of frame possessed by the others. A comparison, of the. meat makes the superiority of the South Down ' mtire marked than the weight. The skins were all disposed of at the same price, without' eoipblaipt ifcom tiie jbuypiTSo that* when breeding »f4 r • ^ | the consideration the first mentioned breed Caledonian Society an sheet (and ; elect joffipere fpq Jtlie ensuingyear." tevery member, if "possible, should .attend.... , , : : ... 4 • •',.;: FLORAL SERVICE.—A floral service for children was lield - last Sunday - afternoo in St.' Michael's Church. A ' special feature of the service was: the decoration of the interior of the building,-which had been carried out under the superintendence of Miss Mustarde. - A tasteful use of lilies, margu rites, and ivy leaves made a very pretty eSeefc— A. T. Jones delivered an address to - the children during the service. I WtEiE BA*SD fjy HO^e—Tl»e Wyrie folk seem tet'ttj get i iis Trtiii^i «njt>ynient ontiof life a^Ttlie 'preseiii? depressed tir..es will allow^attd ^tliey;^illWtt^is either jtist^g^i^Bj^g^r a into one, fftMUll^ Band jof flops jnembsrs, assisted bj . Miilicent. for a good ence xpe^ni dvo^ate^' The R|y. .J| Garde airP Swgs verw- coifblibuKu uy Misses Slater and McRostie, and by Messrs. Millhouse, Bicliards, and Hosking, and a trio by Misses Millhouse and Mr> jMillliouse. Recitetipns were ^mmmw iUIU itlli - Ifi^VJBlUj Wallaby Tr|ckj' and logue, Mr.- " Mr?. W. Cainpheli Bo recited n tlie w n ^ostunie^ 5 A diaj oito|e*^ iTeipal-t^jifi which Misses, ftiitchesson, Whennan, Agn'fiw (3},"SlateV, Thompson, jj.iid Mr. , Slater took'lhe different..characters, all but concluded the evening, which was finished by a coffee popper and games. Tliere was a good credit "balance, which goes towards a fund ifor repairs to the church building. , | ^ I !.: j AN UNRELIABLE PHILISTINE. — liot long ago we had to 'object ;o a. bailiff from.a not far distant t6wn, standing on his' head in Geor«e-street, and last week that lively individual; visited Miilicent again. He was after - a - B.A., (which means " B'bnlous Article " in this case), who has been .haunting the neighborhood lately; and. who came from tlie same plabe as the bailiff—in fact, the police of Miilicent have for some time been more occupied in clawing imported offenders than iii dealing with the home drunk. The bailiff missed his prey, who had no doubt got; out,.pf., sight for the occasion, so went and arowned his sojrow to sucli an extent that /he had to_ be loaded'on td the retfirii train as dead freight. The ; prey, lias since then been roahiing the district, ahdhas raised such a reputation .among the farming community as a destroyer of provisions that they look on him as a pestilence that walketh in noonday clothed in an everlasting overcoat, and a worse infliction than an all round increase in the land tax. The town which exports such characters to Miilicent and district is warned that unless ibe supply is cut off immediately there will be trouble. ' SALE.—We would draw -attention to Mr. Thos. MeCourt's aiiction advertisement. Business will start at 2 o'clock this afternoon. 