Beautifying a Home. MOKE CLEVER WOMAN'S WORK. H. f ^e&V;'V/* ^-kE Mary Ferrers regarded ^«W^IV\/ ker dining-room merely as a IJgJjM offr reminiscence of ' other days,' \&&j;!^7W s^e waa only philosophical. ^?-ffllfirandt ?'?* was ^e ^n^ °^ philosophy ^fliipPjl ttat thrives when one is ^g* '* ?/ poising about amongst ruins . , and ararrets, and overhauling: i chests of ancestral clothes and trinkets. One receives a notion of how those other people used to live, and ponders on thewhy and -wherefore, arriving first at the point that says ' tastes vary,' and then at the exclamation mark that cries ' for which be joyful.' | Mary Ferrers had passed both places ; many times, when she had been retrospec- ; five in her dining-room. j When she was artistic, the iron had en- ; terecL into her soul and she had groaned in gpirit until the contents of her. money-box ? leached the munificent sum of £6 10s. Then ' ehe became practical and matter-of-fact once more. - The walls of this room were unpapered ! and relieved by a few oilpaintings in ? massive frames, a family photograph or two, ? and the mark here and there of tracings of ! heads in various aspects. One frequently i sees these tracings in such dining-rooms, and one always associates hair oil and tilted back chairs with them. The carpet' had as many memoirs on its faded countenances as there are stones in a city churchyard. There was the ghost of the place where her father-in-law had spilt a pot of treacle when he was irritable over his teething ; the long black shade stretch ing between the window and the door was only the course of a river of duck gravy ?which her husband had made to celebrate his eerenth birthday. The carpet alone had heirlooms enough to convince folks that the Ferrers had ancestry. The furniture was shiny horsehair in a tald stage of life. It made one pine for some of the elixir that will transform a smooth-skinned youth into an Esau. A bookcase, a table, and a green blind completed the list of goods and chattels in the room. The mirror was non est, and the curtains had gone away long ago. In every suburb there are scores of such rooms, in Sydney there are hundreds. Many women sigh over them and fold their hands. Mary sighed too, but after that she worked. She did addition and substraction sums about £'6 10s on her fingers, and she forgot to think that it would only represent pin money to some women. As before she attacked the walls first of all, only this time she chose two papers for them. One with a white background and a fantastical profusion of golden buttercups, daisies, and marguerites. This reached three parts of the way to the floor. The remaining part was covered with a dado of light greens, and dark greens and golds. The floor came next. In little Mrs. Ferrers's mind an antique dining-room carpet was one of earth's corruptibles, of which she 'was not fond. So she had removed it, and relegated it to the lumber room. Then she purchased a dark serviceable linoleum at 2s 9d a yard. The room required about 18 yards, eo that her floor covering came to precisely £2 9s 6d, and as her papering had cost 12s, she found after her next subtraction sum that she had £3 8s 6d left. By this she-was of course firmly convinced of her own upholstering powers, so that when she regarded the suite she felt no qualms, except finger shrinkings from stiletto pricks. The chairs naturally refused to abdicate — they had been there much longer than Mary herself and had a conservative owner. With patience and energy she set about her task. She covered chairs and sofa with a chocolate colored serge and bordered them with close-set rows of brass-headed nails. Then she tufted with buttons to give the proper finished appearance. In hammering the brass-headed nails on she found it necessary to punch a hole first, as the nails broke so easily. Every chair took a yard of serge, and the sofa insisted upon four and a half to itself, and, as the material was 2s a yard, the cost of this expenditure was 18s. The curtains were tapestry, cheap and effective, and came to 10s the pair. In the place where the mirror ought to have be«-n she had a terra-cotta art muslin overmantel, tacked and slightly fulled, falling from the ceiling to the mantelpiece. Upon this she put several graceful and care less little decorations — fans, photographs, plaques, &c.; And the muslin came to within a few pence of 6s. A screen for the fire grate came to Is Gd, and a yard of blue silk and cord for a curtain to hide the shabby Bhelf in the bookcase took 2s. The choco late-colored window blind that she gathered with a thousand gatherings, and fixed upon the spring roller cost 5s, and the new table cover '20s from her small remaining sum. The sTnfl.11 remaining sum was only «i-g times twelvepence, and it all -went in vanities. When one comes to think of it, it is an enor mous sum to go thus. For those who like to see the last of even a brownie we will be explicit. The tall white spotted begonia that blossomed near the window cost 18d, and the cushion that made a handsome presence on the centre of the sofa took the rest. And then the heart of Mary Ferrers was glad within her once more. She had a drawing and- a dining room belonging to her, and which any lady in her position, and a few degrees above it, might be proud. The head clerk of the drug store, who, you know, was her husband, with £300 a year salary, said he thought they might give a dinner party now — just a small one and very, select^-rand he'd take good care that none of- the chairs were tilted back against the wall. j Mary knew then that her husband was j proud of his home, and she felt all sorts of exalted feelings as she set her money-box aside to grow fruitful for the ' best bed- , room.' MEDDLESOME MATTY. 