TOPICS OF THE DAY A cheap tnp to Maccdon and Woodond, or toTrenthain and Da yleaford, will run on Saturday from Molbourno, North Melbourne, and Middle Foutsaray. Tbo tram loaves Molbourno nt fl.G a.m., North Molbourno at 0.10, and Middle Fuutscray seven minutes lalor, reaching Mucodon at 10.60, Woodond at 11.6, Tronthaui at 11.60, and Daylcsford at 12.30 p.m. Tbo special train will rotnm from Daylesfonl at 7 p.m., Troutham at 7.30, Woodond at 8.10, and Mticmlon at 8.20. Tho tickets, bowevor. are iivailahlo for roturu by any train on the following Monday. Tho taro is 4s return. A converpnziono n aid of nn old and deserving monitor of tbo M. D. Turn Vureln will tako place on Sunday evening, tho 1st April, at tho society's hall. Hon WiQsbadon, who has tho arrangements in hand, waa successful in getting tho assist- mice nf tbo followingladiunandcontlcnien: — Madam Tosmn Caron, Miss Alice , Sim mons, Signor Coy, Signor Guario, Higtioi Zolman, flarr A.J. Friedniann, IIorrB. Wcudlundt, Ilorr Weinberg, jtmr., Mi Loalio Dowdell and others. A inrgc orchestra of 40 porforiuors and tho Turn Vorein Liodertafol will also bo in attend ance. Tho programme being a choice one, mombors and thoir frionda nro requested to attend on this special occasion. ' Mr Irving and his company,1' writee a contributor to uu English exohasgo, 44 aro said to travel with two thousand wigs ; but that only shows how far wo havo progressed sinco the good old times of the veteran actor at Sadler's Weill, who is described in the new number of Tho Strand Magazine. This folic of tbo 4 palmy days usod to boast that ho hud playod several hundreds of parts during ' tbo last fifteen years,' and bad mado ono wig do for ovory character. Ho would flour lb, tie it with a ribbon bow,uni lo 1 hohad u George III. He would red-ochre it for a carroty cranium of a comic countryman, aud bu admittod ouco to bluok-lcuding it. His make-up was equally iu keeping with his heudgunr. lie burnt a cork for making mous- taclioe and eyobrows, ho utilised tho whitowashud walta for powder, aud Bcrnped tho rcd-brick flooring with bis poekot knifo to gaiu a littlo color for bis checks. Aud svon thcu ha usod tr wonder how it was that ho could novcr got his faco cloan." Roino of tho London nowspapors aro a trilto nudiioious in their criticisms ou fcmiiiiue drossos. Here is an oxample by a critic in a morning journal " Pro fessor Hayes, » Chicago lady, wore a blue serge containing tan pockots. This was going almost too far. Let Woman havo - one or two praolicablo pockets ; wo ask nn moro. BUo is not a marsupial animal, and does uot ncod ton pookots. Tho Physical Culturo Socioty condemns aU 'corsotB. In that caso Woman should not try to wear tba kind of dress which is mado to bo worn with corsets. That only makoa her look bulgy aud baggy. Ono author denies that any one oan udinlre both tho muoh-onduring Venus of Milo and a 4 fashionably dressed woman.' To do this ia to bo guilty of ' utter hypocrisy,'' This is absurd. Protty womon look woll in any oostumo. Tho Vonus looka well — in nono." Such aro tho sentiments of nn ovidontly right-minded man with a lasto far natural beauty, An amusing story is told by Mr James P«vn, tliu novelist, of an inoidont at a oltib in Pall Mall. A meinbor lost his umbrulla there, and was resolved to draw attention to the circupisLance, Ho caused tho following notice to bo put up in tho entrance hall : " Tho nobleman who took away an umbrella not bis own on suoh a date is requested to rotum it" Tbo com mittee took umbrugo at this state ment and summoned the member who had compofiod ib before them. 41 Why, sir," they said, " should you havo supposed that a iioblemnu had taken your umbrella I'" 44 Woll," he replied, the lint article in the club rales says that 4 This club ia to bo composed of noblomcn and gentlemen,' and sinco tho person who stolo my umbrella could not havo been a gentloman, he must havo bcon a noblc- 44Don't coddle the throat" is a piece of advice which is supposed to find favor in blustoring days anil nights only with tho hardy fow. Tt finds sup port at least in tbe testimony of Mr Edward Lloyd, who hns certainly as docp an interest in avoiding buskiness as any living Englishman, This eminent tnror bos assured " Tho Rtraud Magazine " iu- torviewor that he never muffles hi throat up in a hugo silk scarf, but believes in ihn low collar nnd "weathering it." Tho only timo ho mufllcd his nock ho caught a fearful cold. Ilis ndvica is— " Breaths through tlio none, aud not through the mouth when coming out of a hot room. Don't wrap up ; whilst an egg boaten in a very little whisky and water will bo found un excellent fortifier." On tlm other band, contrary to thu gene- rat opinion. Mr Lloyd bos nover found smoking affect bis voice, though ho lioa been a smoker from an early age. Still, ho would not ndviso singers to follow tho example af Mario, who is said to havo smoked as many us thirty cigars in a _ day. Egg and whisky. Thoro is balm in Gilcad. Writing of recent Anarchist outrages, tbo "Times" remarks In Franco the appeal to chomintry has passed snvcrnl times into action ; but, sinco tbe defeat of tho Irish-American dynamite party by tho capiuro of nonrly all tho operators, it has not in England gone beyond words. But words aro uot always harmless, and there can genornlly bo found in a great city enough hungry und desperate rnon to take the advice of tho violent und unscrupulous. What is wanted hero is some means of bringing home the responsibility, innro certainly and quickly than soems possible at present to the preachers of violence nnd the foinonters of social hate. Thoy may indeed say that thoy havonuguit authority for all their doctrines, and that tlio genu of all the anarchic fulininatious of tbo "odvanced"' Press of to-day, and even of the Towor-lull oratory, is to bo found in that famous uttcranco which first authoritatively markod off 44 tho classes" from 41 tbe manses," and sot tliom in opposition to ono another. There is a good deal in tbo contention ; but bilo we may assign a largo share of tho suoral blame to tbo inventor or tbo geueral prin ciple, it is to those who muko or advocate concreto applications of it that the atten tion of tho police musk bo iuvitod." Whon Mrs Faweott bad chargo of tho oducational exhibit that was sent to tbo Women's Building at Chicago slio and her sub- committee cullectod a gallery of photographs of babies wboso mothers bad a university education, and very nice, boalthy, plump little advocates thoy wero against the argument that clovor women make bad mothers. Wo bear that these photographs aro roturning from Chicago next month, mid time most likely they will bo reproduced in onu of ttio illus trated woeklics. — London paper. The Imperial Government has been contributing at tho rato of L360Q por an num to the cost of maintaining a atoamsr known as tbo Morrio England for tho uso of tho Administrator of tho Government of New Guinea. Tho remaindor of tbo cost of tbo vessel is made up from tho re- vonuo of Now Guinea. Tho urraugc- meiib with tho Imperial authori ties, which was to last livo years has just oxpircd. It is cssontiul to tho proper performance of thu duties of tho odmiuiBltator that llicru should bo such a vessel. aud tho Victorian Government lias requested that tho contribution should be continued for another year. A tologmm tins now baan received from Uio Premier of Queensland fMr Nelaon), stating iliat thu Bocroiary of Btatu bad telegraphed to Sir II. Norman, intimating that tho lfomo Government is willing to cmlributo to wards tho maintMiance of tho steamer for anotbor year, and risking the coticurronco of tho cohmiul Govennnontii. Tha mat ter is now rccoiving attention. An amusing law case ruining out of a qu&rrol; botwoon two hairdressers is about to como boforo tho Paris Courts. It scorns that for years past the proprietors of u partioulur buir-wuKh bad carried (tu the business of a buirdresser in tba Passage Choiscul, when tmddonly a rival emtio and catablished himKoif next door to bim with unothor prupnrutton. Hair dresser Nn. 1 was much hurt. lie pub up u targe placard with tbo inscription— 44 No brunches. Established in 1861. Superiority attested by forty yimrs' existence." To this bin rival replied with a Rtill larger placard, running thus, "No branches. Frush blood. Progross wiLli tlio times. Nuw lashions requiro froHli \- artists." Tho proprietor of thu first liuii- i waali brooded over this retort, nttil at . length determined lo strike nt his op ponent what may bo called a blow below . t» o bolt. Hu hod a board of enormous dimensions prepared, with thu words, " My neighbours wifo deceives him " (or, us it would be road in Frnnoli, "is un- i faithful to him ") in hugo letters. Umlnr- i uonth wcro tho further words, lurcly . logihle, "if hIiu tells bim that. bis bniv- , wash ia, better than mine." Tlfu laugliorH I woro, of courao, now on tbo sidn of Imir- drottsorNo. 1, but it remains to bo seen whether be will not buvn to pay tlio 20,000 francs for his littlo joko, us j damages which his rival chuimt for libel. A writer in Uio London " Daily Now.i" says 44 thoro really sceius to be no reason why Indies who have confidcncn in their nnklcK should not wear short skirts. These uro uot indecorous, they do not drag in dust and mud, and most woman wear them in tbo Highlands nnd on tho Alps. " Dear Lucy Stone," wo hear, wni ut the Confcronco ; she hml been a Uloumor, nnd was not ashamed of it. Why shouldjihe have boon iisbamud ? ltidioulo killed 44 bloonnng," but pconto should not tnmd ridicule. Alt great innovators linvo been laughed at. 41 It is," says n lady, "tbo Psychic moment for short skirts." This lady, not unnuturully, find b come oonfusod at Chicago. The Psychic people did bold u cunfcronco, but their talk was of ghosts, not of short skirts, which ihny rogard as indifferent. Thu 4 psyobulogiual moment ' wan .what Mrs Mnlaprup, of Psychago, 1 moan Chicago, had in tier mind." Thoso aro tho sentiments of a man of ta9to and observilion. 