Unionism and Unionism. y ON, the Victorian Meview of March 2,1885 * there lis a note of warning to employers' , soundod by the elegant, eloquent, and much thought ot Bruce Smith, at that time smart lng under the effects of a collision with the wharf labourers of the Yarra, out of which . representative man did not emerge with flying colours. This famous article, which * takes up twelve pages of the periodical in ? ' question, goes_ into the merits and demerits ' unionism with a total disregard for every thing outsidethe practical application of the . principle, either to the case of employers or that of labourers. The views of the writer, . as laid down in this article, have been much , ? canvassed by the labour leaders, and much , censured as well, by persons whose liberality of sentiment could not be mentioned in the . same oategory with that of Bruce Smith. I have a copy of the Review containing the article before me, and having read it very carefully, am unable to discover anything of an offensive or illiberal nature put forward by, the writer. Indeed, my only reason for mentioning it at all lies in the fact that Mr 1 1 Smith advocates the adoption of the principle J of unionism by all classes of employers as a counter check to the power and growth of trades unionism among the masses. Whether the employers' unions of to-day are the out come of trus advocacy, or one of the results of the great maritime strike is of little or no consequence ; that they exist, and that they are likely to become important factors in the economio evolution of the future, is sufficient for the present. ' it is not so very many years ago since was then considered public opinion in ? 'England-- that is, a Tory press, a Tory pul pit, and a Tory legislature — condemned 'organised labour of every description. It ' was un-English, anarchic, and subversive of the blessed institutions under which land lords, manufacturers, and capitalists an nually divide the modest sum of £800,000,000 ? .But the movement grew apace, and found .favour in the sight of a man so eminent as tho late John Stuart Mill, who did not con sider a strike a sin against the Holy Ghost ; .and that when men's rights were assailed the choice of vreapons was mostly decided by convenience or proximity. The parliament, ^the press, the pulpit, the stage, all joined in a brotherly way to denounce trades unions, and, to curse with a bitter withering male diction the fomenters of strikes. But the gigantic processions organised by the trades unionists during the reform agitation opened the eyes of John Bull to the disagreeable presence of a full grown fact that all his legislative checks and parsonical thunders .were impotent to stamp out or even to lessen . ©r control. It was an object lesson in evolu .Utm 'iov which the pursy domination of botheods of God's footstool was a. little un prepared. But as is usual with him, when., lie; found the hump growing on his back, he eei about having his coat cut to fit it. How jSttck the principle of trades union has done for the workers of England and Scotland it is not difficult to realise if we only travel back a few years, and contemplate the con dition of the colliery employes in England .before Lord Shaftesbury invoked the power of the Legislature in favour of women, w&o; ?were ? harnessed, like beasts of burden, to coal trucks in the depths of the mines, and of mjen.' brutalised out of every attribute of humanity by an ? environment scarcely less appalling than that which has rendered the mame of Siberia a synonym for Hell. ? There is no ignoring the fact that the law set .itself for centuries ajgainst the wage earning seotion of the working class ; and so deeply rooted was the influence of this iniquitous check that, at the time trades unionism arose in Knffland, public opinion outside the working cla#» itself was never known to bo so unanimously hostile to any movement as it was to the ; growth of thea© organisations. Tho employing class, con demned them both upon moral and economio grounds. The Conservative and th$ I/i-b&rai; press of the country hit out right and jat the economio heresy. . The statesman Attitudinised, the parson foamed, the squire ' &mre;, the philosophic historian moralised glooBJily, the writer of fiction lwj$d on the unions for his or her black browed assftssjn or; audacious demagogue. That hoary cant, the ' wages fund,' was tightly rammed into ©very capitalistic manifesto,' and fired with out ruth or mercy at the rabid partisan who began to entertain . a dim' notion that ^ bis labour was worth- more than what he received Mr it. But it didn't hurt him,, because his Tw-fliiiin.-l -jvas at that time ©fjfilosed in bullet proof ^difference to economio fcerins. He wasn't as e® lightened as he is to-day ; fcjjt lie had an ideas tov all that, that a whole lexicon of nicely roiip^d words wouldn't ©ujpjply as much nutrimeut to .a longing Btomaeh as half a pound of beef.' ,Afis ft trades unionist he has become a great factor in the Qcouomf of nations. He , has fought great battles m defence of his principles ; soma he won, in others h# gpmpromised or was worsted. To day his ,actj$n is not isolated. A war in Africa, or a royal wed ding, gives place in the telegraphic columns of the leadiiig newspapers to the thrilling fact that a great in the lolly trade has been happily averted, ' , . THE OTHER FELLOE'S/ Who upmost -went the lengths of calling dowft 'fire frop. Heaven to consume, ? blast,* and 'begrime th® organisers of labour, are now sailing, along ^ unionised cock-boats of their ' own, 'The lordly, scatter, is a. unionist, and | I may be phoned for ^bsierying that he I I doesnt appear to very great advantage as sucn. He possesses, the means of being legally aggressive, and he is so ; he is anxious to smash something up, and will succeed in a direction not at present con templated by him. He has laid hold of the dirty end of the principle, and is exasperated to think that the other fellow has a better and a cleaner handful, and is therefore tug .giug with all his might to get it all, and yelling out fiercely for help, lest the slippery nature of the article should endanger his equilibrium^ He scorns to parley with, the party opposite. He will have just what he likes, and just as much as he likes of it, too. But, unhappily, this determination has been made in haste, ^ and a third party undertakes to have a say in it— -will, in fact, insist upon a cessation of hostilities and a dominating voice in the settlement of the dispute. Both the combatants ^ are ready with rage and mutual animosity, and, like two rowdy blackguards in an otherwise peaceable street, are an eyesore and a danger that should be handled with firmness and justice. It is all nonsense to say the state — that is the com munity- — cannot frame an effective check for industrial disputes like that now raging between pastoralists and shearers. If there is a back-bone or spinal marrow in the systems of political economy under which the currents of public wealth seek their natural channels, a provision of this kind must have place there. The liberty of the subject 1 This latter phrase is canted to a degree of nausea. Like freedom of contract, its application is in the mouth of every fool, but its proper meaning could not be driven into the wooden head with less than an ironbark maul. Do we all not sur render a large part of our natural liberties, so that \ve may be secured in undisturbed possession of enough freedom to live honourably, honestly, and happily, if fate so wills_ it P What principle of rational liberty is endangered by preventing two persons from worrying each other P I have every faith in the present holders of office, and among the new departures which I would like to see them sanction in their legislative capacity, the forcing of industrial gladiators into a court of concilition is not the one furthest from my wishes. This rambling creed is probably about as much as you can get down with one gulp, so I'll ease off. AIDEN DOYLE. 