DISTRICT TELEGRAMS. [By Telegeaph from oue Correspondents.] NEWCASTLE. Monday. THE DBEDGE HUNTEE. On Saturday afternoon a preliminary survey was made on board the dredge Hunter in connection with the late firo by Mr. H. D. Walsh, chief of the northern branch of the Harbours and Rivers Department, and Captain Mather, who had previously had charge of the vessel. They found that the atoreroom amidships, the storeroom in the engine room, the cabins and fore part of the vessel was completely gutted. The soft wood linings throughout had been burned away, and the bulk head between the store and the engineer's room was destroyed. All the wood work was quite burnt. The beams and machinery being of very much harder texture had not Buffered so much, but will require a second and more extensive examination. It is hardly possible yet to give an estimate of the actual damage done, but it is most likely that a departmental inquiry will be held by the Harbour Masfcer.s Department in a day or two. THE COCK LANE GHOST AT ADAMSTOWN. Lovers of rending will remember that in a place named Cock Lane, near Islington, England, the neighbourhood used to be continually alarmed some hundred years ago by noises produced by stone throwing on the roofs' of houses. At that time the domiciles were few asd far between. The red waistcoated guardians of the peace, in that day had some difficulty in tracing the authors of the discord. At last the noise seemed to concentrate itself into one house. It was then that the Great leviathan of literature at that period, Dr. Samuel Johnson, resolved to investigate the case. He did so, or thought he did . His enquiries (or those of subtler intelligence who followed after) resulted in the discovery that the noises ineide the house were produced by a maiden lady operating upon her stays which had been hollow-lined for some myterious purpose, and which has never yet been explained. A few weeks ago some stone-throwing developments of a perplexing character occurred In the Weotern district, and we have again been troubled with the same idioayncracy lately at Adamatown. It would seem that hiBtory repeats itself occasionally, even in the most absurd characteristics. One Alderman Jennings, of Adamstown, the roof of whose domi cile is encased with corrugated iron, has become the victim of a persistent stone-throwing, and the suburban guardians of the peace have been put upon the scent. All that they could report was that the throwing continued while the police were watching. Thia was the same in Dr. Johnson's time, the only difference being that the watchers were Bow-street runners then and members of the constabulary force now. In either case the result was the same, no delinquent was arrested. Becom ing weary of professional enquiry, Alderman Jenniners kept watch himself. After haviner ro ceived several aerial missives of an insulting character attached to a piece of blue metal, something under the size of a flat iron, he was successful in obtaining sufficient information to cause the arrest of a party 'not by the name of Johnson,' but by that of Wootori, This alleged disturber of the peace will have to present an apology to the Police Court at Newcastle some time to- day, or submit to the usual conse quences. THE LABOUR ELE0TOEAL LEAGUE. This peculiar conglomeration ? of professional attempts at politics of regulating the induatries of New South Wales in such a manner as to produce an extraordinary' weekly wage to the working man, has bad another meeting: at the Broadmeadow. An alderman occupied the chair, which saved the result of the conclave from being hurled into oblivion. As it was, it has turned out that a Mr. Fergus Read, who had been appointed by some branch of the guasi-labour Ootopus aa one of the moat likely candidates to re presenfc Kahibah from a labour point of view, had been snuffed out. Nearly aboHt time. Your cor respondent has attended meetings innumerable at which ' Fergy Read ' has made himself prominent, unhappily on the side of discord and not of that unionism of which he professes himself to be such a distinguished advocate. If the 'one man one vote' is a boon to the workiog classes, it is already clear that they will never as a majority know how i;o use it. The incessant wrangling amongst the different branches of the Labour League, and their refusal, when ifc suits them, to disobey the injunctions ot the parent league, is quite sufficient to show that the next Par liament, if its composition is to be left to their guid-. ing hands, will be about the most rotten and con temptible ever entrusted with the government of bo grand a country as that of New South Wales. 'WEALTH IN RAGS. Belisarius asking for an ' obol ' fades into insig nificance when we hear of another blind man in thia praotical age being arrested, not for asking for 'obola,' but for refusing to obey a summons* William Lambert, a sightless man, aged 52, has been well known aa the ' blind beggar,' not of Bethnal Green, but of Hunter-street, Newcastle. For years this trader upon public sympathy has utilised a beat extending from Newcomen-street to Perkin-street. He seems to have found this area a very profitable one, and had he been more careful n his method of operation, he might have continued to enjoy it. Unfortunately for himself, but undoubt edly better for the country, he carried on business extensively, and with too high a hand. Not con tent with the perambulatory method of inviting; attention to his position, he has cooly brought a chair with him and placed himself in several of, the most conspicuous parts of Hunter-street. This has greatly annoyed the shopkeepers, whose doors he has honoured by his presence, and he has frequently been told to 'move on.' This not having the desired effect, a summons was issued. This again being treated with contempt, the arm of the law was put forth with unmistakable force, and a warrant was issued for Lambert's arrest. This took place on Saturday last, and was met by strong; resistance. The idea of a thoroughly blind man resisting a public officer of Buch stalwart propor tions aa Sergeant Me Vane might seem ludicrous. Lambert, however, dreaded the denouement. Upon reaching the station house he was searched, in spite ©f a long resistance, and a little fortune waa found upon him. Had messieurs, the larrikins, who infest Newcastle have been aware of thia ' mine of wealth untold' lying perdu on the back lining of Lambert's coat, it is questionable whether ho would have been big own banker so long. In this lining werefound thirteen bank depositrecoipts, the aggregate value being £1307. In his pockets were found £4 in notes and £2 19s 5d in silver, most of silver coins being 3d pieces. Sydney reaidents will remember Lambert as having some years ago established a similar beat in Sydney between Marsraret St. and Bathurafc St. 