Visit of the Anglican Bishop. (tenterfield courier.) The promised visit of Dr. Green, LL.D. I Bishop of Grafton, and Armidale, even tuated on Saturday morning, when he ar rived by the mail train, and was met at the station by the Mayor (Mr. Isaac Whereat), the clergy of Christ Church and several of ! the leading townspeople. On stepping from the train the Bishop was warmly | welcomed by the Mayor, afterwards being ! driven in a four-in-hand by Mr. Williamt son, our worthy Bead Superintendent, to the residence of Mr. C. Clarfc, whose guest he was on this, his first visit to Tenterfield. In the afternoon, according to arrange ment, a visit was paid to the cemetery for the purpose of consecrating the Anglican portion of the grounds, and also to conduct the operations of tree-planting. There was a large attendance of the public, and the Bishop, on aiTiva], in company with the lay officers of the church, walked round j the whole of the cemetery, and on re turning the ceremony of consecration was proceeded with. The Bishop, Jn perform ing this office, said that he did so at the request of the vicar and lay members, and by the authority vested in him, but it must be borne in mind that the act of con secration by a Bishop did not make the na ture of the soil any better, but it gave | knowledge that we are of the Son of God, and as he was buried, so shall we be buried. In the burial of our dead we thought of some purpose, and that purpose was to make a difference between man and beast. Such an act could not be treated too reve rently, and it was necessary we should all endeavour to understand the solemnity, of the ceremony. He then performed the act of consecration in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The Bev. B. J. Moxon then said that the ( cemetery having been allowed to fall into such a disgraceful state, the matter had been taken in hand with a view to beautifying its appearance, and several willing workers had voluntarily offered their services, and he now asked the Bishop to give it the finishing stroke of completion. Week after week they had been at work, and be was pleased to point oat to the Bishop the gratifying result of their la bours. On this occasion he regretted that he had something painful to say, and that was in connection with the sad and sudden death of Mr. E. B. Whereat, whose body lay within the grounds, and who only a few short weeks ago had been one of the first to offer his services in the performance of the good work of improving the cemetery. He then asked the Bishop to plant the first tree, and thus commemorate the cemetery arbor day. The Bishop said he rejoiced very much to see the large number of people who had assembled, and taken the matter up, for the appearance of the cemetery was a good guide as to the character of the community It was pleasant to know that love and care were bestowed on the dead, and he rejoiced to hear of those who had taken part in such a sacred work, for it taught the younger ones that reverence for the dead shouhTbe uppermost iu their minds, and not ne glected as was too frequently t-lie case. The tree-planting was then commenced, the Bishop planting the first tree, and was followed by the Mayor and several lady and gentlemen members of the church, the after effect being very fdeasing to the beholder, and a greit improvement on the hitherto bare appearance of the grounds. The Bishop and party then returned to town. The trees planted comprised various kinds of pine, cork, elms, etc. In Christ Church on Sunday at 11 o'clock a.m. there were 150 communicants present the Bev. J. Smith, M.A., of Casino, read ing prayers, and the Bishop celebrated Holy Communion, afterwards preaching an eloquent sermon from the parable,« A grain of mustard seed." In the afternoon, at 3 o clock, a confimation service was held when 37 boys and girls were confirmed, the latter being in the majority. After the ceremony of confirmation had been con cluded. the Bishop gave a very instructive address to those present. In the evening, at 7.30 o'clock, service was conducted by the Bishop, there being a very large con gregation present, it being impossible to find sitting accommodation for a large number, while others were unable to obtain admission. Messrs. Wheeler and C. M. Thomas had arrangements in hand for the convenience and comfort of the sitters, but the building was far too small, and gave unmistakeable tokens of the necessity for its immediate enlargement, which at the present time is not spacious enough to meet ordinary requirements. The Bishop, who is a master preacher of the highest order' chose his text from the Psalms, " All Thy works praise Thee! Oh, Lord!" which was delivered in an impressive, instructive and practical manner, and suited to carry con- ! viction home to the hearts of his congrega tion, touching as it did upon wisdom, order, 1 power, and love in the duties pertaining to | our actions and doings in daily life. Miss ! Strauss presided at the harmonium during ! morning service, and Mr. C. M. Thomas in the evening. A Chinaman named All Hing made a murderous attack upon a countryman named Ah Kew at Bairnsdale (Vic.) on Saturday last. Mr. W. B. Campbell writes to the Graf ton Examinee :—" According to the bank ing news and the valuable items you so frequently publish, it appears that an im mense amount of money (millions) is lying idle in our banks. May I ask, is this good finance ? If millions of money is idle, and banks anxiously seeking good paying in vestments, what is to prevent them from buying up their own negotiable deposits, which in some instances will yield a bonus of 20 per cent, besides the saving of interest. One or two millions released in this way would materially help to relieve the great stagnation now existing. ! 