SCIENCE AND SUPERNATU- RALISM. Whatever may bo thought of the doctrine which it is the purpose of Mrs. Besaut's visit to inculcate, there can be no doubt about tho ability and sin cerity of the teacher, or the profound interest that is felt by a large number of intelligent persons in the subject treated of. It may be admitted that of the large audiences which have assem bled to hear Mrs. Besant, many indi viduals have been attracted by curio sity to behold a woman whose name lias become celebrated throughout the world, or drawn by prospect of tlie intellectual pleasure to be derived from eloquence and tliougUtfulness. How ever numerous the latter class may be, few of them will bo disappointed. The power of simplicity and directuess of statement and illustration was never better exemplified by any platform speaker than by Mrs. Besant. The matter of her discourses may seem strange and impossible of acceptance to many of her hearers, but tho man lier aud the spirit are refreshing after what we are sometimes subjected to by more orthodox exponents of spiri tual philosophy. Her evident purpose is to convey to other minds in tho fewest aud most effective words what is in her own, not cover up thought altogether In torrential verbiage, or bedizen it out of recognition with de corative paint and tinsel. Ail earnest woman, trained by consideration of po litico-economic and social reform ques tions to tlie use of exact language, Mrs. Besant should he the ideal exponent of any subject within tlie pale of defi nite thought and description to which she might give her attention. Equip ped as she is also with natural elo quence, personal grace, and charm of manner, and invested with the ro mance of an historical struggle against the opinions of the time for what slie believed 1o he true aud right, it is no marvel that her addresses in this city should he tlie great success they are iu point of attendance. But the character of the audiences which attend night after night to hoar Mrs. Besant indicates special interest in tlie subject of whicli she lias to speak. They are largely composed of persons desirous of weighing in tlie scale of reason tlie messages of Theo- sopliy, aud judging whether any au thentic light conies from their teaching to illuminate and make clearer the re lation of the material to tlie spiritual. Next to tho subject of social adjust ment and such reform of human laws us will make life more endurable for tlie multitudes of the people, there is no question of our time of such ab sorbing interest, to tlie thinkers of the civilised world as that of justifying tlie ways of Cod to man. The leadens of theological thought are everywhere looking more and more closely to scien tific explanations and confirmations, while tlie leaders of scientific inquiry grow bolder iu tracing effects to causes, and no longer regard any field of spe culation as closed to them. The eager ness with which books like those of Darwin and Professor Drummond are sought for by thousands of readers shor.vs liow strong and universal is the desire for knowledge regardiug the be ginning and tlie possible development of life. There is absolute and intensi fying hunger throughout the world for assurance in tlie name of science that the death of the body is not the end of tlie life principle' inhabiting it. The re ligion of the future, or, at least, the belief of tlie future regarding spiritual continuance aud development, will not accept its conclusions from one or other of the schools of theology. As knowledge widens each of these schools will find increasing need to con form to tho revelations of science; to the disclosure of laws aud princi ples, proceeding fact by fact. The liberalism of modern theology , tlie readiness witli which its professors countenance opinions aud enter upon inquiries which, a few years ago, would have been thought impious and iniquitous, is proof of tho progress that has already been made iu that direction. It is not surprising, there fore, that there should be intense eager ness to hear what Theosophy has to say. So far as she has yet proceeded, it cannot be thought that Mrs. Besant lias greatly enlightened her hearers, or made very apparent. to the public tlie foundations on which her belief is based. The difference of that belief from the almost universal religious op timism of our time, which thinks that the desire to do what is right will cover a multitude of errors of judg ment, is not very clear to the uniniti ated. But perhaps it is not quite fair to expect from tlie opportunities Mrs. Besant has yet had such a rounded aud complete exposition of her belief as would enable the formation of rea sonable opinions concerning it. To many of lier hearers, no doubt, one of the most interesting features of Theo sophy will be the light it professes to throw upon manifestations of force which not so long ago would have been regarded as miraculous, aud which at the present momeut are beyond the scope of scientific explanation. Indeed, the world is beginning to think that Science was not quite candid in re spect to this matter; that it has been too ready to dismiss as contemptible or brand as impostures tilings which it could not explain. Behind the im mense mass of evidence concerning supernatural appearances which has accumulated in almost every country of tho world, it is now widely believed that there are facts worthy to be seri ously examined. In tlie domain of pro fessional "spiritualism, "and at seances with the lights turned down and tlie conditions carefully pre-arranged, there may bo abundant trickery. But there are thousands of sincere and intelli gent investigators into tlie phenomena of so-called spiritualism who profess themselves absolutely convinced by re peated proofs of the existence of condi tions whose existence Science lias gene rally denied. Perhaps Theosophy may furnish a clue to the intelligent com prehension of these phenomena. Per haps we are on the eve of a discovery that all tho mysterious messages aud portents the folk-lore of countries are full of wore not baseless, that all the ghosts and visions seen wore not hal lucinations of superstitious minds. 