THE PHANTOM INN. STORY OF THE WOODS. "TaAzT dog said Silas I " " No." "Yes, he spol:3 it just as plainly ano Ido now. 1 taught him to say that word when I was a young man and used to go hunting in the woods around the marshes. He sid ' Silas' and no word ever fell on my ears that has given me such cause for gratitude as that. He was an old coaoh-dog. I drove the stage botween Boston and the Cape beicro I went West. He need to lie under the loather boot to guard the mail bags." "Silas," sai3 I, "tell us the story of the dog that said ' Silas I' It will be new to the company." "The story of the ' Window in the Woods ?' Maybe they do not oaro to hear it. Some folks do, and then some folks don't---some folks say that it makes 'em lie awake when the shut tars bang." The company eagerly demanded the tale. Unolo Silas caught up his chair, and lifted it in the jumping way of the old colonial times to a place near the fire. A shutter banged, and he cast his eyes mysteriously toward the window. The room grew very still. "The clouds are scudding over the moon," he began. "The wind is rie. ing-I can hear it in the tops of the trees. Many's the time I have gone down to Greenharbour in the old stage coaoh on nights like this, and leaped from the seat and snatched the mail bag from the boot, and when I said ' Bilas,' there would creep out of the boot that old coach-dog. "That dog was given to me by a sailor, who was about to go to sea from the old North River. He was a pup then. I never knew a dog that seemed to think so muoh of his master as that dog did of me. His eyes were never off of me. I taught him a num ber of tricks, suoh as to stand up on his hind legs and beg, which he did by attering a sharp, pitiful cry. While begging one day he made a sound like 'Siles.' I repeated it, and he uttered it again. After that I would hold hack from him his food until he had made that sound. ' Say Silas,' I would say, and after a time he would utter the word, or what sounded like it. In time, he would rise on his hind legs, shake his fore paws, and say ' Silas' whenever hlie wanted food. I was very proud to have him call me by name, and I had him do it whenover I met my friends. He became a kind of neighbourhood wonder, and was called the talking dog. "The old stage coaches had great leather boots that covered the driver's legs, and in cold and stormy days could be raised so high as to protect nearly the whole body. Many a time have I driven my horses, proteoted from the rain or snow by the boot. Under the boot I carried the mail bags and such packages as we to-day send by express. The mail coach was some times robbed when the boot was known to cover valuables. I carried my own money in a large wallet, in a side pooket of a great grey coat, and money for others in the same way. I drove the stage coach for ten years, but I was never molested or robbed. And in those ten years my dog Silas always olopt at my feet among the mail bags. "Whilo I was driving the stage, free, healthy, and happy, and feeling as though I was running the new world, there were some strange things that happened in the old Dedham woods. Several travellers who had gone through those woods at night had met with strange adventures. They had seen a window and a light in a lonely place, a little distance from the way, and heard the ringing of a bell like a supper bell. Two of them had turned in toward the window, but as they attempted to approach it it seemed to draw bask into the heart of the woods. After walking towards it for a considerable distance it seemed to them no nearer, and they had become alarmed and suddenly turned and fled, believing it to be a ghost. One traveller, who had entered the road at dusk, had never been heard of again. "After these events anyone who saw the window at night took to his heels, and at last few porsons would go through the woods after dark, except in a carriage or in oompany. No one riding in a carriage had ever seen the mysterious window, but one man riding there alone had been attacked by an unknown person and robbed. The Dedham Woods began to bear a bad reputation, but the dark events that had happened there were assigned to ghosts, and the vanishing window and light were spoken of as the 'phantom inn that travelled away.' I sometimes made a side tour through the Dedham Woods, and I used to bhe warned to beware of the phantom inn. I used to answer such warnings by speaking to the dog, and saying: "' We are not alarmed, are we, Bilas? Speak, dog l' And the dog would rise in the air and slhakoe his pows, and say sharply ' Silas I' "Was I ever afraid when riding alone in the old Dedham woods ? I always speak plainly, and I must say that I sometimes was. A sort of a shadow of fear would come over me. I never believed in ghosts or haunted houses after my early years. Yet a superstitious nature clings to me. It has often made me feel creepy until I stopped to reason. Stands to reason that dead folk don't appear with leather boots on and hats and buttons and clothes woven in looms. "The Dedham woods used to be a lonely place. It is most farms now. They stretched them away toward the coast. There were no towns like Hyde Park then; no Ponkapong with villas; no costly summer homes. They had a woodsy smell in fall, and the air was full of the odour of caEssafras in spring. The crows had nests in great groves of pine trees that looked like islands amid the white birches and oaks. The sunlit spaces between the trees were full of bluejays that would eye thse coach with out otretohed necks. I can seem to see them now. The Indian pine used to grow by the wayside, and back of itl rild rooes and green breaks and clematis, which bloomed and feathered late. In the falil the fringed gentians lined the ponds and dotted the cran berry meadows. The horses liked to slack up in summer and walk under the cool shadows of the trees. " The sun glinted as it were through the bowery trees, and the loousts sang in the oak tops on mellow August days. The air was full of greonness, light, and bird songs. Many's the time I've rattled the coach over that detour from the main way. " Oh, those were lonely roads in the wintor. The winds used to whistle like thio-woo-oo-oo. Just as though they were spinning-woo-oo-oo. They seemed to catch the spirit of the seoa, which was not many miles away woo-oo-oo; like that. "Poople began to move away to York State. They called it 'up country' then. The Miohawk valley seemed as far away at that time as the prairies do now. I had a good offer to go to Albany and take a stage route from there to Buffalo. I caught the 'up country' fever, and resolved to go. I may seem weak, but one of my greatest regrets on parting was that I would have to leave my old friend Silas, the coach dog, at Green harbour, and I might never seeo him again. " One day, as I was stopping at the old Scituato Inn, just before setting out for Albany, I met a stranger there. He called himself Searle. I shall never forget the eyes of that man. There seemed to be a hidden spirit, not himself, looking through them. They reminded me at once of the travelling window and light, or the phantom inn. "But Silas, the dog-I never met such a mystery as when the dog's eyes first met those of that man. It used to be said, in old New England times, that dogs would see ghosts coming and start up and howl before people could see them. That dog seemed to eeo something mysterious in that man's eyes. "He leaped into the air when Searle appeared and said ' Silas.' " He then shook all over, dropped on his feeoot, and ran round and round me, whining in a fearful tone. It seems as though he moust have seen Searlo somewhere before, mysteri ously, in some out-of-the-way place. What did it moean? I have thought of it a hundred times-what did it mean ? "'Goin' up country, I hear,' said Searle. "'Yes, I have concluded to take the Albany route,' said I. 'There is more money in it.' "'Goin' to take your dog here along with you? He's a fine one.' " ' No,' said I. 'I'll have to go by the way of New York and up the river to Albany, and I must leave him behind. If I were going by way of Springfield I would take him along. I set a store by that dog.' " ' Don't want to sell him, do ye ?' " There came a strange light into the man's eyes. I cannot describe it. It made me think of the travelling window in the woods again. "I hesitated. " ' Stranger,' said I at last, ' whore do you live ?' "Oh! I in a lonely place down by the Dedham ponds. They say it's getting dangerous there, and I want a dog. I need one. Say, as you're goin' off what will you take for him ?' "'I don't know. I wouldn't sell him for anything if I didn't have to.' " ' I'll give you ten dollars for him. That is high, but I'm lonely like, and they say them woods are getting dan gerous. What do you say ?' "'You may have hlim.' "I felt somehow that I had done an unworthy thing; that I had sold my dog to an unworthy master. That dog had such a true nature that he would never have tricked me with any act. There is something dark in any mo ment of life when a man feels that he is false in anything. The scriptures of a man's inner life are true, and they demand, as in the old Hebrew bird's nest commandment, that a man shall be sincere even with the animals, and keep the golden rule with the brute creation. "How should I part with Silas I I felt my head ache at the thought of it -the dog had been so faithful-I de cided I would have Searlo put a rope on his collar, and would 1have him in the evening in the office of the inn with him, and so steal away from him unknown. I did so, and if ever I felt like a coward it was then. " I never could bear to think of tlohat dog, and yet I could never quite for get him. I used to imagine, months afterwards, that I could feeool him lying at my feet on the Albany stage. "Five years passed, when one No vember day I received a letter at Buf falo from Greenharbour. My old friends, the Whites, had remembered me, and they invited me to spend Thanksgiving with them at Groom harbour. My wife's folks lived in the old town of Dedham. Her folks were getting old-but, poor woman, they outlived her. " So I secured a driver to take my place for a few weoks, and we set out together for Boston and Dedbam. One day, late in November, I lefe my wife among her folks, and set out for Greenharbour, intending to walk over to Weymouth, to see some friends, and there to take the stage for Marsh field. I had oexpooected to start in the morning, and make a day of it, but I was delayed until the afternoon. It was dolightful Ildiansummer weather, and I did not mied a night walk, as I could rest in Weymouth. "'Don't stop at the Phautom Inn,' said my wife as we palrted. "'I shabn't stop at no phantom ions,' said I, 'if I expoect to reach Ronaudolph to-night. There will be no acornue sprout under my feet.' "'But,' said my wife's mother, "they do toll strange stories still about those woods. Are you armed ?' " ' Yes, as much as I ever am.' " 'But you used to keep a dog.' "I stalked away laughing. "Nightfall overtook toe on the border of the old Dedham woods. "I remember the straugo mys torious feeooling that came over me as I entered the shadow of the pines of that lonely road among the skeleton trees. I stopped and looked back. The west was rod; cornestacke stood on n hillside form, and I could hear the merry voices of the huskeors. The air seemed hollow and still. As I stood listening there came a vivid im pression that somehow I was in the compauionship of the old coach dog, as I used to be. I could feel my heart shrink as I recalled how meanly Ihad treated him, and I eased my con science with the reflection that I had done as wsll for him and myself as I could. " There are subtle atmospheres in whilch mind may commune with mind and convey impressions and needs and warnings. That a dog migh make hist presence felt in some way by electrical force is possible, I cannot say, but I repeat it-I seeoomed to feel that the old coach dog was somewhere near me in those woods and had a sense that I was there. "I entered the lonely way, when another strange thing began to haunt me. It was the eyes of Boarle. I had never forgotten them. I could almost see them again now. Every rattle in the savin bushes seemed to bring them back again. "As I walked along with a witch hazel stick for a cane, a great light rose like a fire among the tops of the grey rooks and skeleton trees. It was a full hunter's moon coming up from the sea. After a time it went into a cloud, but the way was still slear. It was almost as still as death. " Occasionally a timid rabbit would cross the way; once a white rabbit leaped out before me and I felt my heart beat, and thought again of the poor old coach dog, Searlo'e dreadful eyes, and the tales of the phantom inn, at which I neused to laugh when I drove the Cape setage. "The way grew more lonely, amid the oaks and the rasset leaves, savins, pines, and rooks. In places the road was strewn with falling nuts, and at some points with rustling leaves, Once the eyes of a white owl con fronted me on a decaying limb-I thought again of soarle. "Here and there the faint poisonous odour of the wild dogwood bushes drifted across the cool air; again I met the old familiar scent of the wild grapes, which hung over- the crevices of rocks, and the cidery smell of sorame wild apples. The moonlight fell in rifts, as the clouds scudded, driven by some ocean wind, along the sky. "I hurried on, hoping to reaoh Randolph before midnight, when sud denly I heard a sound that stopped my feet at once and sent a chill over me. It was a hollow tone, like the ringing of a supper bell, suoh as used to be common in the farmhouses and inns. I looked in the direction of the sound, when I saw a little way from the road a window and a light among thetrees. I stopped nervously. "' Is it imagination ?' I asked my. self. 'Is it a dream of the old story." Shall I run or turn towards the bell ?" "I was frightened and my heart beat, but I am not a man to run. After hesitating for a few moments I turned into the wood in the direotion of the window and the light, and found a path there which I began to follow cautiously. I walked to the place where I had first heard the bell and seen the window and the light, but the window and the light were apparently as far away now as when I started from the road. As I watched, I could see it move back, but I could hear nothing. I stopped again. The window and the light soon seemed to stop. Should I run. No. I would shout. So I cried out, 'Hullo I' " The rooks answered my loud call with many echoes. A started part ridge rose on whirring wiugs from some wild alder bushes near me. Then, all was still, or-did I imagine it ?-I thought I could hear the low, piteous suppressed whiune of a dog. The light vanished. "I know not what to do. I was unarmed. I went forward very slowly and cautiously, when the path grew soft and the earth began to crumble beneath my feet. I paused and listened. "A cry pieroed the hollow air. How can I describe it ? It thrilled every nerve in my body. I can hoar it now; it seemed as though all the intensity of a human heart was in it-it said, it shrieked as the cry of some pent up force-it said: "' Silae I' "I know the voice. It was a warn ing tone. I knew that dog's tone of warning. "I stepped back and listened again. "I heard a struggle down in the distance. Where was I? It came to me. I was on the border of a ledge of rocks. Below me was a pond. Had I taken a few steps more, I would have gone over into the water. I felt that the way led to a false projection over the water. I had been drawn towards a trap to destroy me. I felt the situ ation then as clearly as I can see it now. My every nerve quivered with terror, but my will grew stronger than ever before. I never knew how strong or how weak I was, till then. "As I stood listening, a fearful oath rose from the pond. I will not repeat it. Then all was still. I looked up to the sky. It was the only objeot that seemed friendly. The clouds parted below the hunter's moon, and a wide silvery light swept over the scene. I was surely on a projecting lodge of rook or platform over a pond. " Suddenly I heard a sound in the bushes. It was a patter of feet. A dog came bounding out of the savine towards me. He rose up, springing, as it were, into the air, shook his paws, and cried-I can hear him now "' Silas I' " It was my old coach-dog. "I hurried bask to the road, fol lowed by the dog. Was it a dream ? What had happened ? "At near midnight, I came to my old friend's farmhouse at Raudolph, and raised the family. Before any one could speak, I pointed to the dog. " ' Tell me, for heaven's sake, what is that l" I cried. "'That is a dog,' said my old friuend, the farmer, ' your old coach dog. What did you think it was? Whore did you find him ?' " We went the next morning to the sceone of my night's adventure. One of the first things that we saw was the dead body of Searlo, floating on the pond. " The light in the window of the Phantom Inn had allured me to the edge of a broad, false precipico, and I was just about to fall over into the pond, when my old coach dog's warn ing word had saved me. The dog had evidently dranged his dark minded master over the recc;y cliff into the pond. " Searle had carried the window and light in his hand, and with covered feet had moved back to allore travellers. " Nothing over made me so thank fol as that one word Silas and I have never passed a Thanksgiving of ouch humiliation and gratitude asno that which followed the old house at Green-harbour. "' Silas ?' Yes, I must answer that question. What became of him? I took him back to Albany with me. He was an old dog then, and used to repeat that word in his distress. He said it more than once on the day he died." 