CHAPTER IV.-GOD'S GOLD AND MAN'S. I could not tell my wife this story of my dream. Some of it I had forgotten when I awoke. The genoral tcnour of the affair remained with me. I had for- gotten the description of the house. Bits of details came to me at odd times. It was one of those tantalising dreams that yon want to remember. Yon get some of it right and then there is a hiatns. ^ I knew that the vision gave me a very cir- cumstantial account of the story of Moorland's partner, but for the life of me I could not remember the most important parts of it. I tried to dream it ovor again, but couldn't. The only incidents of it that came back to me came during my waking hours. I remembered parts of it soddenly when I was at work in the city. What-1 could not get hold of was the description and locality of tho house where the money was hidden. In the course of a few weeks the whole thing began to fade out. I had other affairs to think of, more important than dreams. But Ruth and I would often talk of her grandfather, and what a bless- ing it was that he had died before the discovery of the fraudulent conduct of his trustee was known. It turned out that his false steward was known as a vory pions and circumspect man, a wholesale trader in ironmongery, and understood to be as wealthy as lie was generous. His name figured in all the local lists of public charities ; but that paltry thousand pounds was the last straw on his camel's load of guilt. Oue day, when my dream was more than ever a thing of threads aad patches, I was walking with Rut li about the Heath, and she paused before a house, upon the front ot which there was a board, announcing that it was to be let, or the freehold to be eold. It was a snug-looking place, sur- rounding by an old brick wall, grey with age, and covered with lichens. The steep red roofs bf the gabled buildings were in artistic contrast with the budding trees and the first blossoms of spring. It was early April, and a great pear tree was white as snow ; and at the bottom of the garden several popular trees that bad been lopped here and there, to save them from the wind, were showing their spring shoots, and bending a little to the breeze that was scattering the pear blossoms even outside the garden walls. Ruth suggested that we should go in and see the boase. Not that there was the remotest chance of our taking it ¡ but the board invited persons to inquire within, and Ruth said the caretaker might let us sit in tho garden. She kuew it was in the hands of a caretaker because it looked empty, and there was only a little smoke going up out of one chimney, the kitchen chimney, no doubt. The outer steps of the gate had been cleauod, and a flock of starlings were perched on the 1 roof as we stood and looked up at the sign. We knocked at the door. A slatternly woman answered the summons. We tried to ring tho bell, but it was broken. She could not let ns in without j an order, she said. But we pointed to the board, and after some demur she j admitted ns. I afterwards thonght the woman had a reason for denying us. Her husband was digging beneath the poplars. He was a constable, this man who was gardening. He went out o' nights and tired here with his wife in the daytime. They were harmless, decent people. The woman showed us the house. A strange feeling came over rae. My wife was de- lighted with the old place. It had quaint fireplaces, with curious wainscotted rooms, that looked like pictures one had seen of historic houses. It was rather dilapidated. The woman said folk did not fancy the placo because it had got about that it was haunted. I felt that it might be. Left behind in one of the rooms I found myself looking about, as if I expected to see the ghost. Once I felt as if someone brushed by rae, but it was no doubt a draught of cold wind from one of the windows where a pane of glass was broken. AU this time I never once thought of the dream, But when we sauntered round the garden, I felt as if I had been j there before. I said so to Ruth. She ] smiled, and said it was a common thing ! for people to fool in odd moments as if they had lived in some other world or at some other time or in some other place. It waa a warm day for April. The sun was shining gloriously. A few pansies were peeping through some fallen leaves upon one of the beds, and a clump of daffodills could be seen away in the back part of the garden. I had dropped a sixpence into the hand of the woman caretaker, and she asked us if we would like to sit awhile in the gardon, and she offered us a glass of milk. We said we would like to sit awhile, and we did, and as we sat near the sonthern wall by the poplars, my dream began to shape itsolf with singular vividness. Ruth asked the woman if she might cather a daffodil, and the women walked with lier into the back garden. My visionary visitor came into my mind with extraordinary clearness and I remembered all his story like a flash; not in detail, as he had told it, but all at once, the entire effect of it, with the description of the garden, the southern wall, tlie pear tree, the poplars, and all the possibilities that belonged to my strange vision. "This is the house," I said to myself ; " this is the robber's garden; These are the poplars, and here is the buried trea- sure of Moorland Lest wick's partner." As I said so, a feeling of elation took possession of me, and again I thonght someone was standing near me. That was my fancy, no doubt ; for I had began to feel very superstitious, and as the breeze once mora snook the blossoms of the pear tree, it seemed as iE a voice said : " Fo her sake." At that absorbing moment Rnth cam I np to rae with a bunch of daffodils, am I she said, " This is God's living gold-bot mach more lovoly than anything man cai make." For a moment her words chilled me bat it is the way of the poor to try am find consolation in other gods than th one God whom all the world worships. Ruth asked me what had occurred. said nothing in particular. She askei me because I locked so curious. " Hov curiousP" I asked. "So elated," shi said, "so happy, so expectant, a if the daffodils were, aftor all, mon than flowers, as if I had come into a for tone." She went ou quite wildly, but '. stopped her, because I saw the old care taker look at me ia an odd way, and hoi husband came back to his digging beneatl the poplars. When Ruth said I looked as if I ba< come into a fortune, the woman glancec at her husband; and I have alwayi thought it odd that he should then retun to the work in which we had disturbed him. I conld not help asking what h< was digging for. He said in the verv words I bad need to Ruth, " Nothing ii particular." This made me suspicious at once. I was determined to know whj he was digging in that particular spot I had no doubt whatever that right undei hia Bpade was the first box of guineas j that Macgillan had buried in the garden of my dream. The man said he supposed there was no harm in digging in a gardes that hadn't been cultivated for years and years. Indeed, ho thought it was t charity to dig ia it. I felt as if there was an underlying meaning in his words How should it be a charity, I thought, ic his case. Had the ghost of Macgillan appeared to this man as well as to mo í No doubt, I said, it wonld be a good thing to dig the garden in the ordinär j way, but I observed that he was making a hole, excavating in fact. Yes, he said, that was so. Then I began to feel awfully anxious. Why p I asked. The man, in reply, inquired if I was the ownei of the house. To the surprise of my wife I said, well, not at that moment, but 1 might be the next day; that it was inj intention to buy it, " My dear," said ray wife, in a surprised way, and about to eaj I know not what. I stopped her author- itatively, spoke to ber as I had nevet spoken before. She looked frightened. I patted her on the shoulder and said, "It's all right, Ruth, you don't understand. I did not tell you when we came in that I wanted to buy the house, and give it to you as a surprise." The man and women looked at each other, and Ruth was pale with the fear that I had gone mad. I was instantly myself again, when the man said, " Well, sir, if it's like that, mayhap I'd better tell you that I was only just adiggin' a grave for my old Chloe, a cat as we've had for ten year, and rest her dear carcase, she's dead, and I was making a last resting place for her." Fearing that this was only a subterfuge I asked him to show me the cat. / I assn med quite an air of ownership of the house and gronndsT The man took me into the kitchen and introduced me to a solemn little corner, in which there was a cat in a coffin, ready to be nailed down and pat in the ground. " Very well," I said, "that's all right," and I gave the man almost the only shilling I had in the world, as I did not take my salary until the next day. But I had a little condi- tion to make. He complied, filled up the hole, nnder the poplars, and buried his dead friend in the back garden, near the daffodils. He gave me the address of the solicitor to whom application had to be made for renting the house. Ruth was both troubled sud perplexed at my strange conduct ; but as we walked home- wards I told her such parts of my dream as 1 thought would justify what I had done, leaving out her father and herself, and yet getting her and her interests into the narrative in such a way as to make her feel how large a part she had in the revelation; and I hinted that perhaps Providence was going to make up to her for the loss of tho money her dear, dead grandfather had intended she should possess. Ruth was of an imaginative tnrn of mind, and she fell into the fancy of the affair right away. The fact that the dream had come back to me clear sud vivid for the first time while 1 was sitting in the garden made Rnth even more san- guine than I was-if that were possible as to the truthfulness of the disclosures I had received in my dream. We sat np ever so late that night talking the affair over, and forming plans for approaching the solution of our nopes and fears. What we decided upon you will understand by1 what we did. , i 