[?] I II OIK CDfUI. II \ ANOTHER DOCTOR'S f STORY. fj o . U->(/r/<3kS v. Q OLD A» //fW (coholusion. ) Mackenzie and I, accompanied by the police-constable and the coroner's twmi fol. lowed the bearers of the coffin to the mor tuary. As we were going there, I turned to aek Mackenzie how his patient was. He shook his head as he-answered me. 41 1 fear the worst," he replied. " Mra He&theote; is "very ill Indeed. The fever rages high and is like a consuming fire. Her tem perature was a hundred and five this morn ing-" £ should recommend packing her in sheets wrong out of cold water," I answered. 44 Poor woman ! — how do yon account for this sudden illness, Mackenzie ?" He shrugged his shoulders. Shock of some sort," he answered. Then he continued ; 41 If she really knew of this day's work, it wonld kill her off pretty quickly. Poor soul," he added, M I hope it may never reach her ears." We had now reached the mortuary. The men who had borne the coffin on their shoulders lowered it on to a pair of trestles. They then took turnscrews out of their pockets, and in a business-like and caiioug manner unscrewed toe ua. Alter doing this they left the mortuary, closing the door behind. The moment we found ourselves alone, I said a word to the -police constable, and then going quickly up 10 the coffin, lifted the lid. Under ordinar y circumstances, such a pro ceeding wonld be . followed by appalling results, which need not here be described. Mackenzie, whose face was very white, stood near me. I looked at him for a moment, and then flung aside the pall which was meant to conceal the faie of the dead. The dead trnly I Here was death, which had never, in any sense, known life like ours. Mackenzie uttered a loud exclamation. The com table and the coroner's man came close. I lifted a bag of flour out of the coffin ! There were many similar bags there. It had been closely packed, and evidently with a view to counterfeit the exact weight of the dead man. Poor Mackenzie was absolutely speechless. The coroner's man began to take copious notes ; the police-constable gravely did the same. Mackenzie at last found his tongue. 44 I never felt more stunned in my life," he said. " In very truth, I all but saw the mau die. Where is be ? In the name of Heaven, what has become of him ? This is the most; monstrous thing I have ever heard of in the lifa unrf etui 1 W IIvlw UvulDv VI IUJ <Hv| c»ii\i wu\i Ubvvuuvbi the funeral of those 4 bags of flour!' No wonder that woman never oared to see me inside the house again. But what puzzles me," he continued, 44 is the motive — what can the motive be ?" 4 'Perhaps one of the insurance companies can tell us that," said the police-officer. "It is my duty to report this thing, sir," he con tinued, turning to me. <4I have not the least doubt that the Crown will prosecute.! 4fI cannot at all prevent your taking what stepsyou think proper," I replied, "only pray understand that the poor lady who is the principal perpetrator iu this fraud lies at the present moment at death's door." 4 'We must get the man himself," mur mured the police officer. "If he is alive we shall soon And him.'7 Half an hour later Mackenzie and I had left the dismal cemetery. I had to hurry back to Hariey street to attend to some important duties, but I arranged to meet Mackenzie that evening at the Heathcotea' house. I need not say that my thoughts were much occupied with Mrs Heathoote and her miserable story. What a life that wretched Haathoote must have led nrlnn f ha laaf. bit mrmtha Nn amndar ha looked cadaverous as the moonlight fell over his gaunt figure. No ghost truly was he, but a m|tn of like flesh and blood to ourselves — a man who was supposed to be buried iu Kensal Green, but who yet walked the earth. It was about eight- o'clock when l reached toe Heathcoies' house. Mackenzie had al ready arrived — he eame into the hall to meet me. 44 Where is Miss Gabrielle ?" I asked at onoe. 44 Poor child," he replied ; 44 1 have begged of her to stay in her room. She knows nothing of what took place thiB morning, but is in a terrible state of grief about her mother. That unfortunate woman's hours are num bered. She is sinking fast. Will you oome to her at once, Halifax — she has asked for you several times." Accompanied by Mackenzie, I mounted toe stairs and entered toe sick room. One glance at toe patient's face showed me all too plainly that I was in the chamber of death, gn Heathoote lay perfectly motionless. Her bright Hair, still the hair of quite a young woman, was flung back over the pillow. Her pale face war wet with perspiration. Her eyea, solemn, dark, and awful in expression, turned and fixed themselves on me as I approached tko bedside. Boieettieg like the irhost of a smile quivered round her lips. She made an effort to stretch out a shadowy hand I said to her. "Pethapg too went to a»y eomeUiNt. I wfll rtoo; do#n to listen to you. I have very good hearing, so you can speak as tow as yon please. Shesmiled again with a sort of pleasure at my understanding her. 44 1 have something to confess," toe said, in a hollow whisper. 44 Send the nurse and — and Br Mackenzie out of toe room." I was obliged to explain the dying woman's wishes to my brother physician. He called to the nurse to follow him, and they immediately left the room. As soon as they had done so I bent my head and took one of Mrs Heathoote's hands in mine. 44 Now," I said, 44 take comfort- God can iorgive sin. You have sinned ?" 44 Oh, yes, yes ; but how can you possibly know ?" "Never mind. I am a rood judge of character. If telling me will relieve your conscience, speak." 44 My husband is alive," toe murmured. 41 Yee," I said, 4i 1 guessed as much." " He had insured his life," she continued, " for — for about fifteen thousand pounds. The money was wanted to — to save us from dishonor. We managed to counterfeit — death." She stopped, as if unable to proceed any further. "A week ago," she continued, "I — I saw the man who is supposed to be dead. He is really dying now. The strain of knowing that I could do nothing for him — nothing to comfort his last moments — was too horrible. I felt that I could not live without him. On the day of my illness I took — poison, a pre paration of Indian hemp. I meant to kill myself. I did not know that my object would be effected in so terrible a manner." Here she looked towards the door. A great change came over her face. Her eyes shone with sudden brightness. A look of awf nl joy filled them. She made a frantic effort to raise herself in bed. I followed the direction of her eyes, and then, indeed, a startled exclamation passed my lips. Gabrielle, with her cheeks crimson, her lips tremulous, her hair tossed wildly about her head and shoulders, was advancing into toe room, leading a cadaverous, ghastly- looking man by the hand. In other words, Heath- cote himself in the flesh had come into his wife's dying chamber. 44 Oh, Horace !" toe exclaimed ; 14 Horace — to die in your arms — to know that you will soon join me. This is too much bliss — this is too great joy 1" The man knelt by her, put his dying arms round her, and laid her head on his worn breast. 44 We will leave them together," I said to uauueiio. I took the poor little girl's hand and led her from the room. She was in a frantic state of excitement. "I said he was not dead," she repeated — "1 always said it. I was sitting by my window a few minutes ago, and I saw" him in the garden. This time I was determined that he should not escape me. I rushed downstairs. He knew nothing until he saw me at his side. I caught his hand in mine. It was hot and thin. It was like a skeleton's hand — only it burned with living fire. 4 Mother is dying — come to her at onoe, Isaid to him, and then I brought him into the house." 44 You did well — you acted very bravely," I replied to her. I took her away to a distant part of toe house. An hour later, Mrs Heathoote died. I was not with her when she breathed her last. My one object now was to do what I could for poor little Gabrielle. In consequence, therefore, i made arrangements to have an Interview with Heathoote. It was no longer possible for the wretched to remain in hiding. His own hours were plainly numbered, and it was more than evident that UA Anlw 1 IMT BfiVllA uu uou vuij ouvwipaitm nift rood uwu MJT months. I saw him the next day, and he told me iu a few briet words the story of his supposed death. and burial. 44 l am being severely punished now," he said, "for the one great sin of my life. I &m; a solicitor by profession, and when a young man was tempted to appropriate some trust funds — hoping, like many another had done before me, to replace the money before toe loss was discovered. I married, and had a happy Jiome. My wife and I were devotedly attached to each other. I was not strong, and more than one physician told me that I was threatened with a serious pulmonary affection. About eight months ago the blow which I never looked for fell. I need not enter into particulars. Suffice it to say that I was expected to deliver over L12,000, the amount of certain trusts committed tome, to their rightful owners "within three months' time. If I failed to realise this money, im prisonment, dishonor, ruin, would be mine. My wife and child wonld also b8 reduced to beggary. I had effected an insurance on my life for fifteen thousand pounds. If this sum eould be realised, it would cover the deficit in the trust, and also k a small overplus for the use of my wife and daughter. I knew that my days were practically numbered, and it did not ®trik® me as a particularly heinous crime to fo" stall my death by a few months. I talked the matter over with my wife, and at lam her to consent to help me. We managed everything eleveriy, and not a soul suspected toe Lraod whito was practised <m toe world. Our old servants who had wa for years, were sent away on a holiday. We had no servant in the house except s charwoman, who came in fro a certain number of hours drily." "You managed your supposed dying condition with great skill," I answered. 44 That hemorrhage, toe ghastly expression of your face, were sufficiently real to deceive even a keen and clever man like Mackenzie." Heathoote smiled grimly. 41 Af ter all," he sald "the fraud was simple enough. I took an emetic, which I knew would produce the cadaverous hue of approaching death, and the supposed hemorrhage was managed with some bullock's blood. I got it from a distant butcher, telling him that I wanted it, to mix with meal to feed my dogs with." 44 And how did yon deceive the under taker's men ?" I asked. 14 My wife insisted on keeping my face covered, and I managed to simulate rigidity. As to the necessary coldness, I was cold enough lying with only a sheet over me. After I was placed in the coffin my wife wonld not allow anyone to enter the room but herself ; she brought me food, of course. We bored holes, too, in the coffin lid. Still, I shall never forget the awful five minutes during which I was screwed down. 44 It was all managed withgreat expedition. As soon as ever the undertaker's men could be got out of toe way, my wife unscrewed the coffin and released me. We then filled it with bags of flour, which we had already secured and hidden for toe purpose. My supposed funeral took place with due honors. I left the house that night, intending to ship to America. Had I done this, the appalling consequences which have now ended in the death of my wife might never have taken place, but at the eleventh hour, my courage failed me. I could do much to- shield my wife and child, but I could not endure the thought of never seeing them again. Con trary to all my wife's entreaties, I insisted on coming into the garden, for the selfish pleasure of catching even a glimpse of Gab- rielle's little figure, as she moved about her bedroom. She saw me once, but 1 escaped through the shrubbery and by a door which we kept on purpose unlocked, before she reached me. I thought I would never again transgress, but once more the temptation assailed me, and £ was not proof against it. My health failed rapidly. I was really dying, and on the morning when my wife's illness began, had suffered from a genuine and very Bharp attack of hemorrhage. She found me in the wretched lodging where I was hiding in a state of complete misery , and almost destitution. Something in my appearance seemed suddenly to make her lose all self-control. 41 4 Horace,' she exclaimed, 4 1 cannot stand this. ' When you die, 1 will die. We will carry our shame and our jsorrow and our unhappy love into the grave, where no man can follow us. When you die, I will die. Oh. to see you like this drives me mad !' 44 She left me. She told me when 1 saw her during those last few moments yesterday, that she had hastened her end by a powerful dose of Indian hemp. That is the story. I know that I have laid myself open to criminal pro secution of the gravest character, but I do not thick I shall live to go through it." Heathoote was right. He passed away that evening quite quietly iu his sleep. Poor little Gabrielle ! I saw her once since her parents' death, but it is now a couple of fears since I have heard anything about her. Will she ever get over the severe shock to which she was subjected ? What does the future hold in store for her ? JLoan- not answer these questions. do that. — [?] 