THAT HOUSE IN BLOOMSBURT. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.— COPYRIGHT. Chapter XXI. — (Continued!. She found Hesketh standing »t the door of the sitting room, when she went out to give him very unwillingly the money for hiswife. "The impi- dcnt weirdless creature ! He would have been in upon my leddy in another moment, pressing to her very presence with his impident ways !" eried Gilchrist, hot and indignant. The faithful woman paused at tbo door as she came back, and looked at her mistress turning ovor and re arranging these treasures. "And her sitting playing willi her bonnie dies, in arapture like a littlo bairn 1" she said to herself, putting up her apron to her eyes. And then Gilchrist shook her head— shook it, growing quicker and quicker in the movement, as If she would have twisted it off. But Miss Bethuno was " very composed" when young Gordon came back. "With an intense sense of the humor of tho position, which mis tress and maid communicated to each other with one glance of tacit oo-opcratiou, these two women comported thcmselvos as if the behests of tho young visitor who had taken the management of Miss Bethune's acces des ncrfs upon himself had been carried out. She assumed, almost unconsciously, notwithstand ing the twinkle in her oyo, tho languid aspeot of a woman who has been retting after unusual excitement. All women, thoy say (as they say so many foolish things), are actors ; all women, at all events, let us allow, learn as tho A B 0 of their training the art of taking up a role assigned to them, and fulfilling the necessities of a position. "You will see what I'm reduoed to by what I'm doing," she said. " As if there was nothing of more importanco in life, I am just playing myself with my toys, like Dora or any other little thing." " So muoh tho boat thing you oould do," said young Harry ; and ha was oager and delighted to look through tho oontents of tho box with her. He was far better acquainted with their value than she was, and while she told him the family associations connected with each orna ment, he disoussed very learnedly what they were, and distinguished the old fashioned rose diamonds which were amongst those of greater value with a knowledge that seemed to her ex traordinary. They spent, in faot, an hour easily and hap pily over that box, quite relieved from graver considerations by the interposition of a new thing, in which there were no doep soorets of the heart or commotions of being involved, and thus were brought down into the ordinary from the high and troublous level of feeling and ex citement on which they bad been. To Miss Bethune the little episode was one of ohild s play in tbo midst of the most serious questions of the world Had she thought it possiblo beforehand that such an interval could have been, she would, in all likelihood, have scorned herself for the dereliction, and almost scorned the young man for being able to forget at once his sorrow and the gravity of his circum stances at sight of anything so trilling as a col lection of trinketn. But in reality this intorlude was balm to them both. It revealed to Miss Bethune a possibility of ordinary lifo and interoourso, made Bwaet by understanding and affeotion, which was a reve lation to her repressed and passionato spirit : and it soothed the youth with that renewing of fresh interests, reviving and succeeding the old, whioh gives elasticity to the mind and courage to face tho world anew. Thoy did not know how long they had been occupied over the jewels, when tho hour of dinner came round agaiu, and Gilohrist with her preparations, still further increasing that sense of peaceful life re- nowed, and tho order of common things begun again. It was only alter this meal was over, the jewels being all restored to their places, and the box to its old brown cover in Miss Bethune's bedroom, that the discussion of tho graver ques tions began again. " There is one thing," MIsb Bethuno said, " that however proud you may he, you must let mo say, and that is, that everything having turned out so different to your thoughts, and you left— you will not be offendod ? . .—astray, as it were, in this big unfriendly place " " I cannot eall it unfriondly," said young Gor don. "If Other peoplo find it so it is not my experienco. I have found you." He looked up at her with a half laugh, with moisture in his eyes. "Ay, "she Baid, with emphasis, "you have found me— you say well— found me when you were not looking for mo. I aooopt the word as a good omen. And after that ?" If only she would not have abashed him from time to time with those dark sayings, which Beamed to mean something to which ho had no olue ! Ho felt himself brought suddenly to a Standstill in his grateful effusion of feeling, and put up his hand to arrest her in what she was evidently going on to say. "Apart from that," he said hurriedly, " I am not penniless. I have not beon altogether dependent ; at least the form of my dependence has been the easiest out. I liavo had my allowance from my guardian since ever I came to man's estate. It was my own, though of course of his giving. And I am not an extravagant fellow. It is not as if I wanted money for to-morrow's living, for daily bread." He oolored as be spoke, with the half pride, half shame, of disoussing such a subject. " I think," he said, throwing off that flush with a shake of his head, " that I have enough to take mo back to South America, and there, I told you, I have friends. I don't think I can fail to find work there." 44 But under such different circumstances I Have you considered ? A poor clerk where yon were one of tho fine gentlomsn of tho place. Such a change of position is easier where you are not known." Ho grew red again, with a more painful color. " I don't think so," he said quickly. " I don't believe tbat my old friends would east mo off becauso, instead of being a useless fellow about town, I was a poor olerk." " Maybe you are right," said Miss Bethune, vory gravely. " I nm not one that thinks so ill of human nature. They would uot oast you off.- But you, working hard all day, wearied at night, with no houso to entertain them that entertained you, would it not be you that would cast off them ?" Ho looked at her for a moment. " Do you think," he cried, "tbat poverty makes a man mean like that?" And then ho added slowly, "It is possible, perhaps, that it might bo so." Then ho brightened up again, and looked her full in the face. " But then there would be nobody to blame for that, it would be simply my own fault. " " God bless you, my laddio ! " oriod Miss Bethuno, quite irrevercutly ; and then she, too, paused. " If it should happen so that there was a place pro- vided for you at home. Ho, no, not what you call dependence— far from it, hard work. I know one — a lady that has property in the North— property that has not been well man aged—that has given her more trouble than it is worth. But there's much to bo made of it if she had a man who would give hia mind to it, as if— as if it were his own." "But I," he said, "know nothing about the North. I would not know how to manage. I told you I had no education. And would this lady have me, trust me, put that in my hands, without knowing, without—" " She would trust you," said Miss Bethune, clasping her hands firmly, and looking him in the face, in a rigid position which showed how little steady alio was — " she would trust you, for life and death, on my word." His eyes fell beforo that unfathomable concen tration of hers. " And you would trust me like that— knowing so little, bo little ? And bow cau you tell even that I am honest — even that I am true ? That there's nothing behind, no weakness, no failure ? " "Don't speak to mc," alio said harshly. "I know." Chapter XXII. The evening passed, howover, without any further revelations. Miss Bethuno explained to the young man, with all tho lucidity of a man of buainosa, tho situntion and requirements of tbat "property in the North," which would give returns, she believed, of various kinds not always calculated in balanoe sheets, if it was looked after by n man who would deal with it," ai if it were his own." The return would be something in money and rents, but muoh moro in human oomfort and happiness. She had never had the courage to tackle that problem, sho said, and the place had been terrible to her, full of associations whioh would be thought of no moro if he were there. Tho result was, that young Gordon went away thoughtful, somewhat touched by tho foeling with whioh Miss Bethuno had spoken of her poor crofters, somewhat roused by the thought of "the North," that vague and unknown country whioh was the country of his fathers, the land of blown heath and shaggy wood, tho country of Scott, which is, after all, distinction enough for any well conditioned stranger. Should he tiy that strange new opening of lifo suddenly put bo- fore him ? Tho unknown of itself has a charm — If the pass were dangerous known, Tho danger's self were lure alone. He wont back to the hotel with at loast anew project fully occupying all his thoughts. On the next evening, in the dusk of tho summer night, Miss Bothuno was in hor bed chamber alone. She hnd no light, though she was a lover of the light, and had drawn up the blinds as soon as tbo young physician who proscribed a darkened room had diBappoarod. She had a habit of watohing out the last de parting rays of daylight, and loved to Bit in the gloaming, as she called it, reposing from all the cares of the day in that meditative moment. It was a bad sign of Miss Bethune's stato of mind when she called early for her lamp. She was seated thus in the dark, when yonng Gordon oamo in audibly to the sitting room, introduced by Gilohrist, who told him her mistress would bo with him direotly, but, knowing Miss Bethuno would hear what sho said, did not como to eall hor. The lamps were lighted In that room, and showed a little outline of light through the ohinks of the door. She emiled to herself in the dark, with a beatitude that ought to havo lighted up the darkuess, as Bhe listened to the big move ments of tho young man in the lighted room uext door. Ho had seated himself under Gilobrist's ministrations, but when she went away he got up and moved about, looking, as Miss Bethune divined, at the pictures on the walls and the books and little silver toys on tho tables. He made more noise, ahe thought to herself proudly, than a woman does ; filled the space more, seemed to oooupy and fill out everything. Her countenance and her heart expanded in the dark ; sho would havo liked to peep at him through the crovico of light round tho door, or even the keyhole — to see him when he did not know sho was looking, to read the secrets of his heart in his face. There were none there, she said to herself with an effusion of happiness which brought the tears to her eyes, none there whioh a mother should bo afraid to discover. Tho luxury of sitting there, holding her breath, hearing him move, knowing him so near, was so sweet and so great, that sho sat, too blessed to move, taking all tlio good out of that happy moment beforo it Bkould float away. Suddenly, however, there caino a dead silence. Had he sat down again ? " Had he gono out on the balcony ? What had bocome of him ? She sat breathless, wondering, listening for the next sound. Surely ho had steppod outside tho window to look out upon tho Blooms- bury street, and the waving of the tress in the square, and the stars shining overhead. Not a sound — yet, yes, thero was something. What was it ? A faint, stealthy rustling, not to be called a sound at all, rather Homo stealthy movement to nnnihilato sound — the strangest contrast to tho light firm step that had come into the room, and the free movements which she had felt to bo bigger than a woman's. Miss Bethune in the daik held hor breath ; fear seized possession of her, she know not what ; her heart sank she knew not why. Oh, his father — hia father was not a good man ! The rustling continued, very faint; it might have boon a small animal rubbing ngaiust the door. Sho sat bolt upright in her chair, motion less, silent as a waxen image, listening. If perhaps, after all, it should bo only one of the littlo girls, or even tho cat rubbing against tho wall idly on tho way downstairs i A troubled emtio camo over her face, her heart gave a throb of relief. But then the flound changed, n ml Miss Bethune's face again grew rigid, her heart stood still. Some one w&b; trying very cautiously, without noise, to open tho door; to turn the handle without making any Bound required some time ; it creaked a little, and then there was silence- guilty silence, the pause of stealth alarmed by the fainto.it noise, then it began again. Slowly, slowly, the handle turned round, the door opened, a hair's breadth at a timo. 0 Lord above 1 his father — his father was an ill man. There was someone with her in the room— somcono unseen, as she was swallowed up in the darkness, veiled by tho curtains of the windows, which showed faintly a pale Btreak of sky only, letting in no light. Unseen, but not inaudible : a hurried, fluttering breath betraying him, and that faint sound of cau tious, uneasy movement, now and theu in stantly, guiltily silenced, and then resumed. Sho could feel the stealthy step thrill the flooring, making n jar, whioh was followed by one of thoso complete silences in which the intruder, too, held his breath, then auother stealthy step. A thousand thoughts, a vory avalanche, pre cipitated themselves through her mind. A man did not steal into a dark room like that if he were doing it for tho first time. And his words last night, " How do you know even that I am honest ?" And then his father — hia father — oh, God help hirn, God forgive him I —that was an ill man ! And his upbring ing in a country where lies were commou, with a guardian that did him no justice, and the woman that cut him off. And not to know that ho had a creaturo belonging to him iu the world to be made glad or sorry whatever happened. Oh, God forgive him, God help hiin 1 tho unfor tunate, tho miserable boy! "Miuo all tho same — mine all the same !" her heart said, bleeding oh, that was no metaphor, bleeding with the anguish, the awful, immeasurable blow. If there was any light at all in the room it was a faint greyness, just showing in tho midat of the dark the vague form of a little t&blo; against the wall and a box in a brown cover — a box— no, no, the shape of a box, but only something standing there— something, the accursed thing for which life and lovo woro to be wrecked once more. Oh, bis father — Ins father I But his father would not have dono that. Yet it was honcster to take the trinkets, tho miserable stones that would bring in monoy, than to .wring a woman's hoart. And what did the boy know ? Ho had never been taught, never had any example, God help him, God forgive hiin 1 and mine — mino all the time ! Then out of the complete darkness oamo into that faint grey where the box was, an arm, a band. It touohod, not calculating the dis tance, tho solid substance with a faint jar, and retired like a ghost, while she s&t; rigid, looking on; then moro cautiously, more slowly still, it stole forth again, and grasped the box. Miss Bethuno had settled nothing what to do, she had thought of nothing but. the misery of it, sho had inteuded, so far as she had auy intention, to watch whila the tragody was played oat, tho dreadful aot accom plished. Bub she was a woman of sudden impulses, moved by flashes of resolution almost imlcpeudeut of her will Suddenly, more ghostlike still than the arm of tho thief, she made a sudden movement for ward and put her hand upon his. Her grasp seemed to orush through tho quivering, olamroy fingers, and she felt under her own the leap of tho pulses ; but tho criminal was prepared for every emorgency, and uttered no cry. She felt the quick, noiseless change of atti tude, and then tho free arm swing to strike her— heaven and earth ! to strike her, a woman twice his age, to strike her, his friend, his . Sho was a strong woman, in tho fulneB9 of health and courage. As quick as lightning sho seized tho arm as it descended, and held him as in a grip of iron. Was it guilt that made him like a ohild in her hold ? He had a stick in his hand, shortened, with a heavy head, ready to deal n blow. Oh, the ooward, tho wretched coward ! She held him panting for a moment, unable to say a word, aud then she called out with a voice that was no voice, bat a kind of roar of misery, for "Gil- ohrlst, Gilohrist 1" Gilohrist, who was nevsr far off, who always bad her ear open for her mistress, heard, and came flying from up or down stairs with her eandle ; and some one else heard it, who was standing pensive on the balcony, looking out and wondering what fate had now in Btore for him, and mingling his thoughts with the waving of the trees and the nameless noises of tho street. Which of thom arrived first was never known, ho from the other room throwing wido the door of communication, or she from the stairs with the impish, malicious light of that candle throwing in its sudden illumination as with a pleasure in the deed. The spectators were startled beyond measuro to sec the lady in apparent conflict with a man, but they had no timo to make any remarks. The moment the light flashed upon her, Miss Bethuno gavo a great cry. " It's you, ye vermin !" sho cried, flinging the fur tive creature in her grasp from her against the wall, and half stunning him for the moment. And then she stood for a moment, her head bent back, hor face without a trace of color, confronting tho eager figure in tho door way, surrounded by the glow of the light, flying forward to help her. "0 God, forgivo me I" she cried. "God, for give me, for I am an ill woman, but I will nover forgive myself 1" The man who lay against the wall, having dropped thero on the floor with the vehemence of her aotion, perhaps exaggerating the force that had been used against him, to excito pity —for Gilchrist, no mean opponent, held one door, and that unexpected dreadful apparition of the young man out of the lighted room bearing down upon him filled tho other — was Alfred Hesketh, white, miserable, and cowardly, huddled up in a wretched heap, with furtive eyes gleaming, and the heavy-headed stick furtively grasped, still ready to deal an unex pected blow, had he the opportunity, though ho was at the samo time rubbing the wrist that held it, as if in pain. Young Gordon had made a hurried Btep towards him, when Miss Bethune pat out hor hand. She had dropped into a chair, where aho sac panting for breath. M Wait," she said, " wait till I can speak." "Youbruto!" cried Harry ; "how dare you come in hero? What have you done to frighten the lady?" Ho was interrupted by a strange ohuokle of a laugh from Misa Bethune's panting throat. "It's rather me, I'm thinkiug, that's frightened him," she said. "Ye wretched vermin of a creature how did ye know ? What told yo in your meeserable mind that there was something cere to steal ?' And ye would have atruok me — me that am dealing out to yo your daily bread ! No, my dear, you're not to touch him ; don't lay a finger on him. The Lord be thanked— though God forgive me for thanking Him for the wickedness of any man 1" How enigmatical this all was to Harry Gor don, and how little he could imagine any olue to the mystery, it is needless to say. Gilchrist herself thought hor mistress was temporarily out of her mind. She was quioker, however, to realise what had happened than the young man, who did not think of the jowols, nor remember anything about them. Gilchrist looked with anxiety at her lady's white face and gleaming eyes. " Take her into the parlor, Master Harry," sho said; "she's just done out. And I'll send for the police." "You'll do nothing of the kind, Gilchrist," said Miss Bethune. "Get up, ye creature. You're not worth cither man or woman's whilo ; you have no moro fusion than a cat. Get up and begone, yo poor, weak, wretohed, cowardly vermin, for that's what ye are, and I thank the Lord with all my hoart that it was only you ! Gilchrist, stand away from the door and let the creature go." Ho rose, dragging himself up by degrees, with a furtivo look at Gordon, who, indeed, looked a still less easy opponent than Miss Bethune. " I take that geutlemen to witness," he said, "as there is no evidence against me but just a lady's fancy, and I have been treated very bad, and my wrist broken, for aught I know, and bruised all over, and I " Miss Bethuno stamped her foot on tho floor. "Begone, ye born liar and robber 1 " she said. "Gilchrist will see ye off the premises; and miud, you never come within my sight again. Now, Mr. Harry, as she calls ye, I'll go into the parlor, as she says ; and the Lord, that only knows tho wickedness that has bson in my mind, forgive me this night t and it would be a oomfort to my heart, my bonnie man, if you say Amen." "Amen with all my heart," said tho young man, with a smile, "but, so far as I can make out, wickedness is to be far too good and forgiv ing. What did tho follow do? I confess I should not liko to be called a vermin, as you called him freely, but if he came with intent to Bteal ho should have been handed over to tho police, iudeed he should." " I am more worthy of the police than him, if ye but knew, but heaven be praisod you'll nover know. I mind now, he came with a message when I was playing with theso wretched dia monds, like an old fool, and he must have seen or scented them with the creeminal instinot Dr. Boland speaks about." Sho drew a long broath, for she bad not yet recovered from the panting of excitemont, and then told her story, tho rustling without, tho opening of tho duor, the hand extended to tho box. When she had told all this with much vividness, Miss Bethune suddenly stopped, drew another long breath, and dropped back upon tbo sofa where sho was sitting. It was not hor way; tho lights had been dazzling and con- fusiug hor ever Biuoo they blazed upon her by tho opening of the two doors, and the over whelming horror and blessed but tremendous revulsion of feeling which had passed in suc cession over lior had been more thau her strength, already undermined by excitcmeut, oould boar Her breath, hor consciousness, her life, seemed to ebb away in a moment, leaving ouly a pale shadow of her fallen baok upon the oushious. Once more Harry was tho master of the situation. He had ueeu a woman faint bofore, which was almost more than Gilchrist with all her experience had done, and he had tho usual remedies at his fingers' ends. But this was not like the usual easy faints, over in a minute, to which young Gordou had beon acoustomed, and Dr. Roland had to bo summoned from below, and a thrill of alarm had run through the house, Mrs. Siracox herself coming up from the kitchen, with strong salts and feathers to bum, before Misa Bethune oamo to herself. The houso was frightened, and so at last was the experienced Harry ; but Dr. Roland's interest aud excitemeut may be said to have been pleasurable. " I have always, thought this was what was likely. I've been prepared for it," he said to himself, as he hovered round the sofa. It would be wrong to supposo that he lengthened, or at least did notliiug to shorteu, this faint for his own base purposes, that he might the hotter make out certain signs which he thought be had recognised. But tho faot was that not only Dora had come from above stairs, but ovea Mr. Mannering had dragged himself down, on the alarm that Misa Bethune was dead or dying, and that tho whole household had gathered in her room, or on the landing outside, while sho lay in complicity (or not) with the doctor in that long continued swoon which the spectators afterwards said lasted an hour, or two, or even thrco hours, acoordingto their temperaments. When she came to herself at last, the scene upon which sho oponod her eyes was ono whioh helped her recovery greatly by filling hor with wrath and indignation She lay in tho middlo of her room, in a strong draught, the night air blowing from window to window across her, the lamp even uuder its shade, much more tho caudles on the m&ntelpieco;, blown about, and throwing a wavering glaro upon tho agitated group. Gilohrist in the foreground with her apron at her eyes, and behind her Dora, red with restrained emotions, and Janie and Molly crying freely, while Mrs. Simcox bran dished a bunch of fuming feathers, and Mr. Mannering peered over the landlady's head with his pincc ncz insecurely balanced on his uoae, and lila legs trembling under hiin in a harmony of unsteadiness but anxiety. Miss Bethune's wrist was in tho grasp of the doctor, and Harry stood behind with a fan, which in the strong wind blowing across her from window to window struck the patient as ludicrously unnec.istry. " What la all thi. fun about ?" she cried, trying to ralao herself up. " Th.re'a no fuse, my dear lady," aaid th. dootor ; " but you must keep perfeotly quiet." "Oh, you're there, Dr. Roland? Thenthero'a one .ane peraon. But for goodness' sake make Mr. Mannoring sit down, and send all those idiots away. What's tho matter with mc. that I've to get my death of cold, and bo murdered with that awful smell, and even Harry Gordon behaving like n fool, making an air with a fan when there', a gato blowing? Go away, go away." "You aso that our friend has oom. to her self," said the doctor. "Shut the window, somebody, the other will bo enough ; and, my dear woman, for tho sake of all thatjj good, take those horrid feathers away." " I am murdered with tho smell," cried Miss Bethuno, placing hor hands over her fnco. "But make Mr. Mnnuering sit down, he's not fit to stand after his illness ; and Harry, boy, .it down too, and don't drive me out of my senses. Go away, go all away !" Tho last to bo got rid of was Dr. Roland, who assured everybody that tho patient was now quitewoll, but languid. " You want to got rid of me too, I know,"hesaid, "and I'm going; but I should liko to see you in bed first." " You shall not seo me in bod, nor no other man," aaid Miss Bethune. "I will go to bed when I am disposod, dootor. I'm not your patient, mind, at all events now." I' You were half on hour since, but I'm not going to pretend to any authority," said tho dootor. " I hopo I know better. Don't agitate yourself any moro, if you'll be guided by me. You hare been screwing up that heart of your, far too tight." "How do you know," aho said, "that I havo got a heart nt all ? " Probably not from tho sentimental point of view," ho replied, with a little fling of sarcasm ; " but I know you couldn't liv. without the physical organ, and it', over strained. Good night, sinoe I seo you want to get rid of me. But I'll be handy downstairs, and mind you come for mo, Gilchrist, on the moment if ahe should show any signB again." This was said to Gilohrist in an undertone as the dootor went away. Miss Bethun. s&t; up on her sofa, still very pale, still with a singing in her ears, and the glitter of fever in hor eyes. " You are not to go away, Harry," sho said. " I have something to tell you before you go." "Oh, mem," eried Gilohrist, "for any sake, not to-night." " Go away, and bide away till I send for you," cried tho mistress. "And, Harry, sit you down hero by me. I am going to tell you a story. This night has taught mo many things. I might die, or I might bo murdered for the sake of a fow gewgaw, that are nothing to me, and go down to my grave with a burdon on my heart. I want to speak before I die." "Not to-night," he oried. "You are iu no danger. I'll sleep here on tho sofa by way of guard, and to-morrow you will send them to your bankers. Don't tiro yourself any more to-night." " You are like all the rest, and understand nothing about it," she eried, impatiently. "It is just precisely now that I will speak, and no other time. Harry, I am going to toll you a story. It is liko most women's stories — about a young creature that was beguiled and loved a man. He was a man that had a fine outside, aud looked as good a. he was bonnie, or at loast this unfortunate thing thought so. He had nothing, and she had nothing. But she was tho last of hor family, and would como into a good fortune if sho pleased h.r uncle that was tho head of th. nam.. But the uncle oould not abide this man. Aro you listen ing to me ? Mind, it is a story, but not an idle story, and every word tells. Well, she was sent away to a lonely country place, an old house, with two old servants in it, to koep her free of the man. But the man followed ; and in that solitude, who was to hinder th.m seeing each other? They did for a whilo every day. And then tho two married eaoh other, as two can do in Scotland that make up their mind to risk it, and were living together in secret iu the depth of tho Highlands, as I told you nobody knowing but tho old servants that had boon far fonder of her father than of tho unol. tlmt was head of tho house, and were faithful (o her in lifo and death. And than tharo camo terrible news that tho master was coining hack. That poor young woman — oh, sho was a fool, and I do not defend hor ! — had just been delivered in accret, in trouble and misery — for sho dared not seek help or mining but what she got at home — of a bonni. bairn, — ahe put out her hand and grasped him by the arm — "a boy, a darling, though she bad him but for two days. Think if you can what that was. The master ooming that had, so to apeak, tho power of life and death in his hands, and tho young, subdued girl that he had put thero to bo in safety, the mother of a son." Miss Bothuno drew a long breath. She silenced the remonstranco of the lips of her hearer by a gesture, and went on — It was the man, her husband, that she thought loved her, that brought the news. Ho aid everything waB lost if it should he known. Ho bade her to ho brave and put a good face upon it, for his sako and tho boy's. Koep her fortune and cling to her inheritance she must, whatever happened, for their sake. And while she was dazed in her weakness, and could not tell what to think, ho took the baby out of her arms and carried him away. " Harry Gordon, that's fivo-and-twenty years ago, and man or bairn I have never seen since, though I did that for tbem. I droo'd my weird for ten long years — ten years of mortal trouble — and nover said a word, and nobody knew. Then my unoio died, and the monoy, tho terrible money, bought with my life's blood, became mine. Aud I looked for him then to como back. But be never camo back, nor word nor sign of him. And my son— tho father, I hod dis covered what lie was, I wanted never to hoar his name again— but my son— Harry Gor don, that's you I Thoy may soy what thoy will, but I know bettor. Who should know, if not the mother that boro y ou ? My heart went out to you when I saw you first, and yours to me. You'll not tell me that your heart did not speak for your mother? It is you, my darling, it is you I" Ho had staggered to his feet, pale, trembling and awo stricken. The sight of her emotion, the pity of her story, tho revolt anil resistance in his own heart were too muoh for him. " I !" ho cried. ( To be continued. ) 