THE STORY-TELLER. A DEATH CERTIFICATE. FROM THE DIARY OF A DOCTOR. PART III. " Well, she looked grey, but there were no other symptoms to indicate any danger, and I thought her desire for sleep a good sign and begged of the nurse to encourage it as mnch as possible. I spoke to Ray- mond hopefully, poor fellow, and promised to call again at noon. "I was hindered coming until nearly one o'clock. I then saw her again ; she was asleep, breathing easily and with a happy smile on her face. About a quarter past three, I was just about to leave my house to see a patient at a little distance, when the woman I had engaged as nurse rushed in frantically and informed me, with a burst of tears, that Mrs. Raymond was dead. " 'She died in her sleep,' said the woman, ' without never a sigh or a groan. She just stopped breathing, that was all.' " I went over at once to the hotel to see her, but Raymond had locked the door and would not allow anyone into the room. I even tried to force an entrance, but he did not listen to me or reply to my repeated knocks. I heard him muttering and moaning to himself, and in a couple of hours he came out of the room with a wild expression in his eyes. The moment he saw me he told me I was a ' confounded fool,' and used some more strong express- ions which I do not care to repeat. I asked to see the dead woman. With a great oath he swore that not a soul should look at her again except himself." " Then you did not see her after death ?" I interrupted. "No; there was no use in worrying the poor fellow." " And now she is in her coffin?" I con- tinued. " Yes, fastened up, all ready for her last long journey." I said nothing further, and in a few moments was in Will's presence. I must draw a veil over the scene which followed. Will's excitement was all too real. He could not keep still for a mo- ment. His eyes were bright and glassy, his hair unkempt ; he had not shaved for a day or two. The moment he saw me he poured out a volley of eager words. Then he burst into the most heartrending groans I had ever listened to. The next moment his manner altered : he laughed and told me with an awful kind of glee of the ar- rangements he had made for the funeral. " I have ordered them to light bonfires," he exclaimed. " Just the same as if Maggie were alive. We have often talked of those bonfires, and nothing pleased her more than to hear of the reception we should receive on our home- coming. She shall have her coming home all the same, Halifax. I myself will help to bear her across the threshold of her house and mine. She shall sleep for at least one night under its roof before she goes to join the other wives of our house in the fam- ily vault. That will please her—yes, that will please her, poor darling." " But she won't know anything about it," I replied. Will fixed me with his bright eyes. " Can you tell ?" he retorted. " Do you think her spirit bas gone from mine ? No, no; you wont get me to believe that. We are twin spirits, and it is impossible to part us. There was a cloud over the sweet soul during the last few days of her life. But Death has lifted it, she is mine again now." He paused abruptly here, locked his hands together tightly, and gazed into the fire as if he were looking at something. After a pause he said with another laugh : " I have an impression, Halifax, that in the future a spirit will haunt Raymond Towers. Nothing will induce Maggie to stay in her grave when I am living close to her. Do you believe in ghosts ?" I retorted briefly. There was nothing whatever for it but too soothe the poor fellow. If he were not insane at present, he was evidently on the borderland. When he became a little more reasona- ble I tried to show him how more than absurd his different arrangements were. " You think you are showing respect for your poor wife's memory for all this sort of thing," I said. " But you are greatly mistaken—people will pity her and think that grief for her loss has turned your brain." " I has not done that," he said, with a sort of jerk of his shoulders. " I am all right as far as my brain is concerned, and if you think, Halifax, that I care that "— snapping his fingers with a loud click as he spoke—"for what anyone thinks of me, you are finely mistaken. Maggie is dead, but her spirit lives. All the future of my life will be devoted to pleasing that poor wandering ghost, until—until I meet her and clasp her hand again." There was a sort of exalted look about his face, I saw it was hopeless to argue with him. There was nothing what- ever for it but to humour him and let this ghastly travestry of woe take its course. Once again that night I saw Grey. He was sitting in the drawingroom of the inn, filling in the death certificate. The usual details were rapidly entered, but when he came to the clause which obliged him to certify the fact of death having taken place, he had recourse to words provided in the certificate for medical men who had not seen the dead body. " I regret beyond words," I said, "that you did not see Mrs.Raymond after death. Yon are unable to state as an eye-witness that you saw her. For my part I should be glad to see the present law altered. I would make it compulsory that no doctor should sign a death certificate without having first seen the dead body." "That would be well in most cases," answered Grey, " but there are excep- tions, and legitimate ones, as in this case. You may remember that I did express a wish to see the body, but was prevented by Mr. Raymond's extraordinary be- haviour." " Well, it cannot be helpe now," I said. " Poor Mrs. Raymond undoubtedly die from syncope or shock which was caused by the railway accident which occurred a few days ago. Were this known a coroner's inquest would have been neces- sary.We must be careful to say nothing about it, however, for it would give her husband intense pain, which iห for every reason to be avoided." "Certainly," said Grey. " By the way," I asked, " did the nurse, who must have arrived from London yes- terday morning, see the body ?" "No; Raymond would not allow her near the room. Of course, Mrs. M'Allis- ter, the nurse from here, was obliged to perform the last duties to the dead, and the undertaker's men had to measure her for the coffin, or rather shell ; but no one else had seen her, Halifax, except her wretched husband. I am told that he put her into the coffin himself and screwed the lid down with his own hands." I turned away. I had nothing further to add, and soon afterwards retired to my room. I had scarcely dropped asleep, or so it seemed to me, before I was awakened by strange sounds in the room next to my own. I started, and listened attentively. I suddenly remembered that Mrs. Ray- mond was lying in her coffin in this room. Pretty, bright Maggie Raymond: I recalled her face as it was when I first saw it. A more innocent and a happier it would have been difficult to find, but even then I was attracted with some- thing peculiar in her eyes—they were beautiful; but it was not their beauty which arrested my professional interest. Two days ago I saw her for the last time—she sat up in bed and played with her soft hair. Then the mystery which dwelt in her lovely eyes was solved. It was latent insanity which gave her that peculiar expression. This insanity had been rudely awakened into active life by the shock of the railway accident. " Well, now all was over. A short life had come to an abrupt termination. There was no use worrying about Maggie—she had gone to join the majority. Nothing of life could affect her again. My real anxiety now, my real regret, was for poor Raymond. Through the long hours of the night I heard him walking up and down the room which contained his wife's coffin. Now and then I heard his groans, and once, good God! I listened to his laughter. That laugh sent a thrill of horror through me. Was his case sim- ilar to his wife's ? Was he, too, fast be- coming insane? I turned over in my mind several plans for helping him, and in the midst of my meditations fell asleep again. At a very early hour we are all stirring, and at five o'clock on this winter's morning, in the midst of drizz- ling rain and fog, we steamed slowly out of the little station, carrying all that was mortal of poor Mrs. Raymond back to her husband's home. I do not think in my whole life I ever experienced anything longer or more utterly dreary than this journey. We had a saloon carriage to ourselves, in one corner of which the coffin was placed. I was glad to find that the excitement which had rendered Raymond's conduct so strange the night before was now greatly subdued. He was very quiet, scarcely speaking a word, but now and then laying his big hand with a caress- ing movement on the lid of the coffin, and now and then looking out of the window and smiling. I did not like the smile, nor the sort of satisfied expression on his face. Had he been plunged in the deepest woe, I could have understood him. He looked almost happy, however. I saw plainly that he was as much in a world apart from mine as was the dead woman who lay in her coffin. I wondered how all this was going to end, and my fears with regard to Ray- mond's mental condition were consider- able. The longest journeys come at last to an end, however, and in the darkness of the evening we arrived at a little wayside station three miles distant from Raymond Towers. Here the stationmaster and several gentlemen from the neighbourhood met us. They were all dressed in mourning, and I saw that this fact roused poor Raymond's indignation at once. "I don't want this to be a mournful procession," he said, in a testy tone, to a neighbour who came and with deep feel- ing shook the poor fellow by the hand. " I am not conventional, and I don't wish anything conventional to be done. Where is my steward ? Where is Berring ?" " Here, sir," answered the man, taking off his hat. " Berring, have you attended to all my order—bonfires, and all that sort of thing?" Berring muttered something which no one could quite distinguish. There was a bustle on the platform owing to the removal of tho coffin, which was placed on a bier covered with a white velvet cloth. At this moment a touching thing happened—six young girls came forward and laid wreaths of white flowers on the coffin. They were daughters of neighbouring squires. This token of respect touched Raymond, who went up and shook hands with one of them, and fortunately forgot to ask anything more about the bonfires. I saw the gentlemen who had come to meet him and to offer their hearty sym- pathy and condolences, looking at one another in a very significant manner, and I also saw that the moment had come for me to interfere. I went up and took my friend firmly by the arm. " Hands off," he said, pushing me from him with some violence. But I would not notice this. " Come," I said, " your carriage is waiting. Don't make yourself remarkable, I beg of you, Raymond. I am going with you in the carriage. See, they are already moving forward with—" " My wife—my bride !" said Ray- mond. "How often we talked of this home- coming! Halifax, my dear fellow. I feel dazed. What has come to me?" "You are tired and worn out," I answered, soothingly. "Come." I took his arm, and he entered the brougham, which was waiting for him, without an- other word. I shall never forget that journey. The slow pace of the mourning carriages, the solemn look of the hearse on in front. It was a moon-lit and fine night, aud the whole ghastly procession was, I could see, viewed the entire way by lines of spectators. Fortunately there were no bonfires, and more fortunately still, Raymond never noticed the fact. We entered the winding and splendid avenue which led to the Towers, and after a time drew up at the principal entrance, in the centre of the pile of buildings. " This door is never opened except for a bridal, a funeral, or a christening," said Raymond, in a light-tone. " Heigh-ho !" he continued, "what a home- coming for the bonny bride." He sprang out of the carriage and went up to the hearse. The bearers came for- ward to lift the coffin out. He pushed two of them roughly aside, and himself helped to carry his dead wife across the threshold of her home. The coffin was placed on a raised dais in the great central hall. This dais was completely covered with flowers. Ray- mond, having helped to put the coffin in its place, turned round to make a speech to the assembled visitors. Fortunately, this ghastly performance was more than he had strength for. He suddenly gave way, covered his face with his big hands, and rushed from the scene. I immediately asked the friendly neigh- bours to leave us. They did so, evidently in the greatest consternation, and I felt a slight sense of satisfaction as I closed the wide doors on the last of them. An old, white-headed butler was stand- ing in the hall. His face was perfectly scared. " Good God !" he exclaimed. " May I ask, sir, if you're a doctor ?" " Yes," I replied. "Can you tell me what's the matter with my poor master ?" " He is out of his mind for the time being," I answered promptly. " Then God help us all," replied the man. " What is your name ?" I inquired of him. " Jasper, sir. I have served the family for close on thirty years. I was in the house when Mr. William was born. He was never quite like other lads, more shy like and morose a bit—but, oh, the chance in him when he got engaged to Miss Travers ! Oh, dear, oh, dear, why did she die, poor young lady ?" "It was very sudden," I replied. "I will tell you about it later on. I don't mind saying now that your master's con- dition fills me with anxiety, but the best thing all the rest of us can do is to keep our heads. What is the name of the steward ?" "Berring, Mr. Berring." " I will see him by and by. Have all preparations been made for the funeral ceremony to-morrow ?" "I believe so, doctor—the oak coffin was sent in to-day." " Tell Mr. Berring that I want to see him before he leaves for the night." " He will sleep here to-night, sir." " That is good," I replied. " I am going to your master now. Bring food and wine to the study, and be in readiness to come to me, should I ring." " Yes, doctor." The man retired, casting a pitying glance on the white coffin, which was now almost covered with flowers. I looked at it, too, and could not help uttering a sigh as I thought of all the tragedy which it contained. I then went to find my poor friend. He was sittiug in his study, warming his hands by a blazing fire. He had quite recovered from his temporary breakdown, and once again I saw that awful smile hovering round his lips. " Come in," he said to me, when he saw me at the door ; " not that we want you— we are very happy here together ; I knew that we should be." I had no need to ask what he meant. I knew too well that this was a further development of his insanity. He thought, poor fellow, that his wife was really bearing him company. After a moment's hesita- tion. I determined to speak in a cheerful tone. " Come, come," I said, " even though you are happy you must not turn out an old friend." I drew a chair forward as I spoke. A frown crept over his face. " She goes away when you come in," he said. " I wish you would leave us." " I will presently," I answered. " I want some supper, and so do you. Ah, and here it comes. Lay it on that table, please, Jasper ; thanks, that will do nicely." The man withdraw noiselessly. I went to the table and insisted on Raymond's eating. I was relieved to find that he was hungry, aud ate a good meal. I noticed that as he ate his face became less exalted and more natural in expres- sion. " She's dead," he said, suddenly. " I can't quite realise it." " Have a glass of sherry," I interrupted. He took it from my hand and tossed it off. " She's dead," he continued, " although her spirit has come to me, as I knew it would. Hers was the first dead body I ever saw. She looked beautiful in her last sleep." " I am sure she did," I answered. " I should like to have seen her." "I always thought that dead people were cold," he continued ; " but she was warm—after death she was very warm. The next day she was cold, but not icy— not as books describe the dead." (To be concluded on Saturday.) 