KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER IV.—(Continued.) " You laugh, Lady Cecil," he said, hoarsely. " In the vulgar superstition, no ghost in shroud ever came to my bedside ; but there are other ways of being haunted, There are dreams—horrible, awful dreams, that come night after night, the same thing over and over, and from which you start up with the cold sweat on your brow and the damp of death in your hair—visions that come to you in your sleep from the internal regions, I believe, more ghastly than any waning -vision. Over and over, and ever the same—what do you call that, Lady Cecil ?" " Hot suppers, Sir Peter, and heavy dinners, Any skilful physician will exorcise your dreaming apparitions." " And a few miles from here there is a house, Bracken Hollow it is called, which no one, not the bravest in the parish, is willing to pass after night fall. A house in which a murder once was done, where unearthly sights are seen at unearthly hours, and unearthly sounds heard. What do you say to that?" '' That it's a very common story, indeed. Why, even at papa's place, down in Hants, Clive Court, popular rumour says there is a ghost. An Earl of Ruysland, who committed suicide two hundred years ago, stalks about yet in the twilight, gory , and grim. That is the legend, but no living mortal has ever seen him. If he walks, as they say, he takes good care to keep out of sight. There are haunted houses in every county in England. No fine old family would be complete without its family ghost.'' '' You don't believe what you say, Lady Cecil, I tell you I have beard the sounds at Bracken Hollow myself.'' '' Indeed !'' but still Lady Cecil smiled sceptically; ''a real haunted house! What a charming neighbour- hood ! Now, the one ungratified ambition of my life is to see a disembodied spirit —to hear it, if it is inclined to make a noise. Before I am a week older I shall pay — what was it?--Bracken Bollow-- a visit. Bracken Hollow ! it has ghostly and mysterious sound. Has the ghost full possession of the premises, or is Bracken Hollow shared by some less ethereal tenant !'' '' An old women lives there. She was Katherine Dangerfield's nurse — Old Hannah.'' ''Then I shall pay Old Hannah a visit, and investigate. I shall, positively, Sir Peter. Excuse me, Ginevra is calling — I suppose she wants me to help her with that tiresome sonata.'' She walked away, leaving Sir Peter gloomily by the window alone. ''I have heard of monomaniacs — sane on all things save one— mad on that,'' she thought. '' I believe Sir Peter is a monomaniac on the subject of ghosts.'' Perhaps Lady Cecil was right. He hadn't even told her all his madness. How evening after evening, rain or shine, summer or winter, through sleet or storm, a ''spirit in his feet'' led him, whether or no, to Katherine Dangerfield's grave. He had no wish to go, but he went — he could not stay away. It had grown such a habit that it seemed to him now if he did not pay that twilight visit she would assuredly visit him before morning dawned. He made his daily pilgrimage to this Mecca, and the people of the town had grown tired talking and wondering over it. ''He took everything from her when she was alive,'' they said, and now that she's dead he plays the hypocrite, and visits her grave every evening. I wonder he isn't afraid she'll rise up and confront him.'' Perhaps he was — it had been the mania of his life. Surely Katherine had kept her vow. He was, if there ever was in this world, ''a haunted man''— sane enough on all things — on this, much thinking had made him mad. He retired early that night — he was less alone shut up by himself than in the drawing-room with his wife and her relatives. All night long candles burned in his bedroom, and one of the men servants slept in an open closet adjoining. Never without lights and never alone. He had grown sleepless, too, and it was generally the small hours before slumber came to him. He arose late next day, breakfasted by himself; and did not join the family until luncheon time. Miss Herncastle was not at that meal, either — it seemed she was to take all hers with the children in the nursery. He had his wife's hauteur and intolerance to thank for something at least. He retnrned to his study, spent three hours impaling his beetles and cockchafers, then arose, put on his hat, and turned to leave the house. Little Pansy ran up against him in the hall. ''Papa Peter,'' she said, '' do you know who's come ?'' '' No.'' '' Sir Arther Tregenna. Such a — oh, such a great, big man, with yellow whiskers and a solemn faoe — as solemn as Miss Herncastle's. We don't like Miis Herncastle — Pearl and me— she won't play with us, and can't dress dolls. We like Aunt Cecil, we do. She was playing ' Hunt the Squirrel' with us when Sir Arthur came up in the fly from the station. He's in ths drawing-room now with mamma and Uncle RhouI and is going to stay ever so long. I wish he had stayed away. Aunt Cecil won't play 'Hunt the Squirrel' now any more. She blushed when he caught her. I hate great big men.'' '' Ah ! yes— at nine ; you'll probably change your opinion at nineteen,'' muttered ''Papa Peter'' cynically, passing out. Except as they swelled the diurnal bill of house hold expenses, my lady's visitors were very little concern to my lady's husband. He went on his way now, his hat pulled over his eyes, his small stooping figure bent, his spectacles fixed on the ground— moody, solitary, unhappy — to pay his daily visit to the lonesome grave. CHAPTER V. '' ONCE MORE THE GATE BEHIND ME FALLS.'' The last night of the July sun came slanting over the downs, through the trees, and lay in ridges of glory upon the graves. It was all strangely hushed here, the town, with its bustle, and life, and noise, lay behind. Death and silence reigned. He rarely met any one at this hour ; the townspeople were taking their tea. Yonder was the house wherein she had died— yonder her grave, with its gray cross and its brief inscription : Katherine, Ætat 17. Resurgam. He knew it do well ; he had been here so often. Would he go on coming here, he wondered wearily, as long as he lived. He paused. What was that ? He was near the grave, and standing looking down upon it, her back turned to him, he saw a woman. A woman ! His heart gave one great bound, then seemed to turn cold and still. He went on— on— softly over the grass, impelled by the came irresistible fascination that drew him here. His feet struck a dry twig; it snapped, and the woman turned and looked round. There, over Katherine Dangerfield's grave, looking at him with Katherine Dangerfield's eyes, stood Miss Herncaetle, the governess ! For one moment he thought the dead had arisen ; for one moment he stood speechless and spell- bound ; for one brief, horrible moment he thought he saw Katharine Dangerfield looking at him across her own grave! She made no attempt to speak, but stood with her icy gaze fixed upon him — her pale, changeless, marble face. He was the first to break the silence. 'Miss Herncastle !'' he gasped — ''you !'' Her eyes left him and he moved. While they were riveted upon him he had stood as one under a spell. ''I, Sir Peter !'' the low, soft, sweet tones lingered like music on the ear, ''and I fear I have startled you again ; but I never dreamed of seeing you here.'' '' Nor I you. What brings you, a stranger, to this place of all places, Miss Herncaatle, so soon after your arrival ?'' He asked the question angrily and suspiciously. Surely there was something ominous and sinister in this woman, who looked enough like the dead to have been her twin sister, and who visited her grave so speedily. Miss Herncastle drew her mantle about her tall, slim figure, and turned to go. ''I came out for a walk, Sir Peter. I have been in the school-room all day, and I am not used to such close confinement. I asked my lady's permis- sion to take a walk, and she gave it. I am a rapid walker, and I soon found myself here, the town behind. It looked so peaceful, so calm, so inviting, that I entered. This lonely grave attracted me, and I was reading the inscription as you came up. If I had know it could have mattered in any way \--that I should have disturbed any one by coming \--I should not have come.'' She bent; her bead respectfully, and moved away. Dressed all in black, moving with a peculiarly swift, noiseless, gliding step, she looked not unlike phantom herself flitting among the graves. And in what an emotionless, level monotone she had spoken, as a child repeats a lesson learned by rote ! He stood and looked after her, darkly, distrust- fully. It seemed plausible enough ; but that instinct that comes to as to warn us of danger, told him something was wrong. ''Who is she?'' he repeated — ''who is she? Enough like Katherine to be her twin sister. Who is she ?'' He stopped suddenly. ''Enough like Katherine to be her twin sister !'' And why not? — why not Katherine's sister ? Who was there to say Katherine never had a sister ? He knew nothing cf her or her family, save what Mrs. Vavasor chose to tell. Katherine might have had a dozen sisters for what he or she ever knew. A gleam came into his eyes ; he set his teeth with some of his old bull- dog resolution. ''Katherine is dead and buried — nothing can alter that ; and this young woman, this Miss Herncastle, is more like her than it is possible for any but sisters to be. I'll find out who Miss Herncastle is, and all about her, and what she's here for, before I'm a month older !'' ' Queenie !'' Lady Dangerfield said, tossing her cousin a rose-coloured, rose- sealed, rose-scented note,'' read that.'' Lady Cecil caught it. The note was written in big, dashing chirography, and this is what it said : St. James- street, July 2nd. Dearest Lady Dangerfield, — A million thanks for your gracious remembrance — a million more for your charming invitation. I will be with you on the afternoon of the 4th. From what I hear of it, Scarswood Park must be a terrestial paradise, but would not any place be that where you were ? Devotedly, JASPER ALGERNON FRANKLAND. Lady Cecil's brown eyes flashed. The fulsome, florid style of compliment, the familiarity — the easy insolence of the writer — grated like some dis- cordant noise on her nerves. She looked up reproachfully. ''Oh, Ginevra!'' '' And, oh, Queenie !'' with a short laugh, but not looking round from the stand of guelder-roses over which she was bending. ''You see we will not be moped to death down here after all. And we shall have two gentlemen more than we counted on for our lawn party this afternoon. I wonder what sort cf a croquet player Sir Arthur is, by the by ?'' ''Ginevra, I wish you hadn't asked Major Frank- land down here. I detest that man. Sir Peter is jealous. The odious, familiar way he addresses you, too, and his horrid, coarse, commonplace compli- ments. 'Any place must be a paradise where you are!' Bah! why doesn't he try to be original at least.'' (To be continued.) 