, ; Humour. A barber has no. right to lather, his wife. . The way of the transgressor is hard be cause a great ntony people have gone over it. . : ' !' ' No modern yonng man learns how to ad just a yonng lady's skates rapidly. 'Tis one of the. lost arts. 4 When yon have, leisure,' said a caller to toe editor, ' I would like to speak to yon.f 4 AU right ; oome round "after I am dead.' Antoor— 4I don't think toe papers treat my farce-comedy right.' Friend— 4 1 notioe they mention it under toe heading 4 Amuse ments." - . Mr. Gaily—-4 Yon know, that man pro- poles.' Miss WaiBtlpng-rr'-No, I don't ; I've only heard that he dopa) have had no praotioal ecpienoe. Emerson remarks, 4 Trust men and they w trust yon. A Fleet-street tailor'alterfl the aphorism to toia : 'Trust inen and they will busty on.' Vieiior— \Doyou regret the past ?' Oon- vioied coffnterfeiter— ' Qh, no ; it's what didn't pass that I feel bad about.'— Hid- Bits. - ! Yon think my boy, is bound to make bis . mark?' Teaoherrr-'T am afraid bo. It seems impossible for him to learn to wiite. —Life'' ' 'Hardnp is a pretty decent sort of. chap, but he never sticks tip anything.' 4 Did you ever lend him any money?' — JPMladelphia Bficord. Snnday School Teffoher— Charley, what will happen to the man who attenas to his body at the expense of his csoul? Charley He'll get- fat.— Nal/o. Mamma— Willie, yon must not interrupt K mamma while she's speaking to ladies. You must wait until she stops. Willie— Bat, mamma, yon never stop. Homoeopathy— She— 7I always liked you real well until T found' that yon liked me. He—Why shoffld that make a difference ? She— Like otirea like, yon know.— Truth. One reason why some men swear ia be cause it does not take any eonrage or man liness to do it. — Sam's Horn. Gopvtooe Bpme. men toat it pays to be goffd. knd yoff coffldff't keep them out oi tbe church with a shotgun. " WinS la'a vani TiaafnV olnmcnl in ffia nr;i. yinlainn nf hallfinnn nnd shinn. bnt von oati't bnild raiiroada on it.— Trenton True Amn- oan . ' " The mn wko 'issoared at ghosts is .afraid of. nothing. '. Teacher— ' What is the passive mood of .the verb 4 to work?' J!ohnay-— 4To loaf.'— Chicago Beeordy - Miss Flirt— So yoff, would not take oa to bo twenty ! What would yon taVa u-o for ? .Mr. Ereshlyl— For batter, for worBo. Hoax— Do yon believe that thirteen is a fatal niimber ? Joax— Well, all the people who ' lived to the, thirteenth oenlury are dead. ' ; As 1 soon as some people get a little money toey. prove by toe why fbey ffae it that toey ;shonldn:t have it.- -Atohisoh Globe. :| Teacher— Spell 'ihen.' Bessie (aged six) — T-h-e-n. Teacher— 4 Now, when .toe '$ ' is takeff away what remains? Bassie— Dirty mips and sancers mostiy. > She— 4 Yon are sure tharo ia no evening paper?' He— ' Yes:' She— 4 Horrors i think'pf having to wait until morning tpfind ont what kind oi a dress I wore at .my 'own zpoeptioff.' —Chicago Inter Qctan. ' ; " . -88J 