BY MISS BRADDON, .Author of "Lady Audloy's Secret," "Dead Men's Shoes," ••Phantom Fortune," "Like and XJnlike," "Aurora Floyd," "Wyllard's "Weird," Day Will Come," "All Along the Hirer," 6c, &c.; [All Queensland Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER XT. Encompasskd is Dabkkess.' IT wasnight, tbe tardy darkness of a May evening-, and Brandon Mountford -was sitting in the dismal old building by the sea, -which hod served as a prison house - for many generations , poachers, sheep stealers, and smugglers; marauders and depredators, on land and -water; rioters and insubordinates of every land; had served as a prison- house in those hitter days when the criminal code was a law written in blood, and the full stop of every sentence was a hempen necklace. If the ghosts of all the men and women -to whom those, four hare walls had been the ante chamber of the grave could have haunted the place, the air would have been thick with the spirits of wretched creatures whoso doom looked at in the milder light of to-day, appears judicial murder. It was what the country people called an "naked" place. The crumbling plaster on the bare walls was blotched and blurred wrth straggling stains and patches of damp, and all along tho lower part of the walls there had crept a dull, slimy moss, like green rust, while the brick flooring was slippery with the same parasite growth. Cobwebs bad thickened every corner, and the'spider had her fill of vagabond flies which camo in at the grating. when the place was empty, for the iron-barred window was left open day and night. The furniture consisted of a table and a. two chairs, large, heavy, and clumsily made, but which perhaps from their age might have been precious in the estimation of the collector. There was a wide, old fireplace, with a grate half eaten away with rust, and which still contained the ashes of a fire burnt months ago. Dust and grime were upon everything, desolation and decay were in the very atmosphere of tho place, an all pervading odour of dirt and smoke and mildew. Desolation and despair were in the sounds that came in at yonder rusty grating, the moaning of tho barren sea, the shrill wail of the rising wind. The custodian of the. dog kennel had been civil, for after all Mr. Mountford was a gentleman, and even if he were guilty and had to swing for it, ho must have friends who would be likely to acknowledge any kindness shown him in his dark hour. With that conviction, Coxon,; the village • constable, had provided comfortable meals which the prisoner hardly touched, had offered to light a fire, which tho prisoner declined, and had brought a news paper, and a pair of caudles when evening closed in, and had sent a lad to EUcrslio for a change of linen and a supply of tobacco. NBrandon's pipe had been his only solace during those long, barren spaces of time before and after the inquest. He had not read a lino of the provincial nowspaper which had been brought for his entertainment. He had eat and stared at the sky, and pondered gloomily—brooding upon the story of tho past, recalling old impressions—hut, most of all, recapitulating tho history of tho malady to which ho was subject, as ho had read it in the text books—a dismal and a harmful study to a man in his caso. Tho image of the Bavarian peasant had been with him in his solitude, the man in whom tho impulse towards murder was so strong tendenoy that with each fresh crisis of his malady the struggle with his own impulses had been fiercer and sterner, and with each recoyery thoro had been in the patient's mind a wonder ingthankfulnessatnothaving succumbed to that savage longing—at having got over tho attack without satisfying the fever- thirst for blood. Brandon Mountford pondered the story of this unhappy being; a man whose boyhood and yonth bad been mild and inoffensive; in whoso warped nature the hideous inclination towards evil had only como with ripening man hood* He compared the Bavarian's history with his own. Till yesterday his paroxysms bad been of a mild and normal character; hut yesterday he had felt the gloom of an over whelming despair, a burden too heavy to ho borne, until, as ho sank deeper and deeper into that dark gulf of despondency, it had seemed as if all the powers of hell were let loose in his bruin. A rage, an agony, a revolt against ] Fate had taken possession of him. He thought I of the girl who loved him and offered herself to : him, and whom ho dared not take to the ! heart that yearned for her—dared not because of the curse that was laid upon him. | He cried aloud in his anguish that the curse j was devilish, hot the chastisement of a just and merciful God, but the mocking torment of devils rojoioing in their power to make man's best gifts of no avail. To-nigbt in the still monotony of his shabby prison-house, where the fitful light of the smoky candles played fantastic tricks with the dark wallstains, as tho flame wavered with every breath of wind from the sea, to-night he recalled the' sufferings and sensations of yesterday evening, and his memory grew clearer with every hour of meditation and solitude. . All that he thought and felt before he fell headlong under tho fir trees was clearly recorded by memory, but the period *of unconsciousness which succeeded was a blank. Ho might have been dead and in his gravo for all he knew of those hou^s between the fall and the awakening.' Anything might have happened to him, anything might have been done to him; but if that interval had not been inactive, if in that lapse of conscious- i ncss a new man had arisen within him and j moved him to strange actions, there was no I trace in mind or memory of tho things he had | dono.. Never before bad be experienced such a j lapse of consciousness: His former seizures i had been brief. This fit, with its appalling | duration, was a new development of his disei The murder seemed motiveless, savage, the I act of a maniac impelled by tho unnatural lust I of blood. "Who else was there—who else so likely as the wretched epileptic—to do such a j deed of horror ? He remembered, shudderingly, that he had | felt a growing dislike of Marie Arnold, re senting the way in which she had thrust her- ) self between bim and Sibyl, making all c fidential talk impossible, and in some wise I spoiling those delicious hours of innocent friendship. Yes, he knew that he had disliked Sibyl's J adopted sister, and that, yesterday, on discove ing the clue to her conduct, he had felt only a contemptuous wonder at her folly, only a careless scorn for a woman who could give her love unasked; when, if she had eyes or reason, she must know that the man she loved was ] devotedly attached to another. Ho was startled from these gloomy thoughts by the sound of voices outside hi9 door. The key turned with a scrooping sound in the rusty lock, the door opened, and a tall, slim figure in blaok came towards him, hat and veil hiding the face in the dim light. But for Brandon Mountford there was only one face on earth, and he was quick to recognise her. " Sibyl, my Sibyl, how adorablo of you. My I dearest girl, how shall I thauk you ? " He would have taken her in his arms, but I she held herself away from his eager embrace. Sho laid her hand lightly on his breast, holding J him at a distance, looking him full in the face. "Brandon, I havecomo because I want to know the truth, to help you, if I can. I know that you are innocent. You never could have done that vile and cruel act—you of all men on earth. It is not possible." " One'would hardly thiuk so," he answered, with a curious low smile that frightened her. "In my right senses I havo no inclination towards raurden. I thought your friend a tiresome person when she hung upon our foot steps and never allowed us iivo minutes' quiet talk from heart to heart. I used to think that rather hard, Sibyl; but that is scarcely a reason why I should murder her. No, my beloved, in my right senses—when I know what I am doing—I should bo utterly incap ablo of such a crime—as incapable as your father or you. But last night I was not in my right senses. A sullen rago against life and fate had seized me. I was in a fever of rebellion against the very God -who made mo, and. marked mo with a stigma which sot me apart from my fellow-men—gave me a heart to love, a mind to rcvero all that is fairest and best in womankind, and then said to me,'.Thou ehalt take no woman to thy heart, thou shalt livo and die alone.* My senses grew dim in that red cloud of anger, and when I carao out of that blood-red dream there had been a brutal, motiveless murder done within a few yards of the spot where I found myself. "Who knows, Sibyl? How can I dare'affirm that I ! was not the murderer ? It was my own knife that did the deed.*' "But had you that knife about you yester day? " " I should say not. It is some days since I used it, hut it may have been among the things in my room. I had been packing my fishing tackle, and I had been absent-minded and pre occupied all the morning. I did a good many stupid thiDgs in the oourso of my packing—put things into the portmanteau and took them out again in a futile, muddle-brained way. My mind was full of you, Sibyl, and oar parting— the parting that might be for ever. I might have put that knife in my pocket instead of putting it in the case with the tackle ? " "Ob,"you must not say these things—you must not. say that it was possible—you must not think of yourself as a possible murderer." Ton cannot believe yourself capable of such a crime—you cannot, unless you are utterly different from the man I have thought you— unless there can be two natures—two separate existences in one man," argued Sibyl, despair ingly. Only now, perhaps, in this dark hour, had she realised the strength of -her love—now, when she made herself one with bim—when she felt and suffered as if his guilt, if he were guilty, was her guilt, a burden laid upon her as much as upon him—or as if this semblance of guilt—these accusing facts which encircled him—webbed and enmeshed her as well as him; as if this black cloud of horror encompassed her too, and she must struggle through this dark ness to the light of truth. "Why do you say such things?" she pleaded, agonised by his silenco. " You must know that you are innocent, that however the knife came to he there, near that poor murdered girl, you did not use it." *'1 know nothing—except that thore was an interval of darkness, a blank pause in ray existence, of which my memory tells mc noth ing. How can I tell that I may not have done this thing, in that interval, prompted and urged by devils. You know how the tormentor —cast out of a human sufferer—drove the herd of swine headlong to their death. That may be taken to illustrate .the epileptic tendency, the f driving power of evil—the irresistible impulse towards some act of blind violence—the render ing and tearing of the fiend within, the devilish instinct to which mnrder or self destruction becomes a necessity." " Bntyou have neverfeltthis dreadful impulse —you have read of such things, and the thought of them may have haunted you—hut these horrors have never come within your own experience. When you were in the wilderness, away from civilisation, almost beyond the reach of the law, were you ever wicked or cruel then, Bsandon ? Did you ever kill one of your fellow creatures ?" She shuddered as she asked the question. "Ho, Sibyl. I never lifted my hand against J my fellow man. I was not a hard taskmaster. : I never had any inclination to be crucL Those who knew mo in Africa can tell you that our black comrades loved me as if I bad been their brother and their king. No; the impulse to slay was never upon me—hut once—when I had the fever, and thought in my delirium that I had two heads, and that all the throb bing agony was in one, and if I could shoot that I should be out of pain, my chum had as much as he could do to wrench the pistol from my hand bofore I could fire. Yet I only knew this from the roan who told mo about it. have no memory of ray ravings or of my attempted suicide. There sometimes are two natures, Sibyl, in the some man—tho nature in calm and well-being—the nature in storm and madness. You are an angel of compassion and mercy, Sibyl." You come into my solitude as a ray of light from heaven—but you cannot* help me, dear; and all you have to do hence forward is to forget that thero was ever such a | man." "I shall never forget, and I will never I believe that you were a murderer, even in delirium. It could not bo." "There lies the mystery, Sibyl, the mystery, of what can or cannot be in such a case as mine. You must leave mo to my fate, my beloved—gallows ormadhouse—or acquittal and liberty. Whatever may happen you have only to forget mo. There is a curse upon my lifo which no woman's loving heart shall shore. The nobler, the better, the truer the woman, so much the less would I link my lifo with I hers. It was angelic of-you to come here; | and you must come and go just asanang.l, leaving no trace of your footsteps, only peace and consolation in my heart." ^ Ho knelt down, to kiss her hands, in a fond idolatry, and then, becoming all at once calm and practical, ho questioned her as to her coming. , - "I walked here. I had my maid with mo. She is waiting at the inn. Coxon was very good. They all know me about here, and would do anything for mc- Not for my own sako, hut because I am my father's daughter. Thovall love and honour him." "He is ft good man, and deserves to bo loved. How does be take this trouble, Sibyl— this inexplicable horror ? " "He feels it terribly. I have hardly seen, him since last night. He has been in his own room all day, with'the door looked. I begged and prayed Mm to lot. me in, to share his grief with me; hut he would not even open Ms door to answer me. He told me-almost roughly— to go away and leave Mm to his sorrow. He was bo fond of hcr-fonder of her even than. I was, and yet God knows I loved her dearly, and that if I could for one instant believe that you killed her I could not hear to see you or be near yon. I mightpity you, hut your presence •would be a horror to me. But I know that yon had nothing to do with her death." "Help meto find the murderer, then, "pat is the only thing yon can do for me, Sibyl. Find the motive and the murderer, if you can. You know Marie Arnold's history, her friends, and enemies." . " She had no enemy. She was a kind, warm-hearted girl, and had never offended or injured anyone." "She may have had some rejected lover. There is not much difference between a jealous lover and a madman. She may have been murdered in a paroxysm of despairing.love. » The'only offer she over rejected was from Mr. Tweedie, the curate, and one dould not suspect him of madness and despair. Poor, matter-of-fact young man! He would not hurt a worm.". " One never knows the men who are capable of a destroying passion.' Bat how did her murderer came by my clasp knife ? " "Hemay have stolen it, in order to fix you with the crime." . "Not that kind of a murderer. Passion is reckless and sudden in all its acts—not deliberate and designing." . The creaking door opened agam, and Coxon ushered in another visitor; '• Mr. Urquhart to see yon, sir." ' « Sibyl!" exclaimed Urqohart. "What in heaven's name has brought you here r "My anxiety for a friend falsely accused of a dreadful crime. I am glad you ore hep for that shows that you sympathise with Mr. Motmtford iu his cruel position, and perhaps you can help mo to save him. "I'm afraid it would need an angel from Heaven to do that," answered Urquhart. "Nothing less than supernatural intervention seems likely to be of any use here. TVo want the angel who liberated Peter. With him; and a-fast ratter in the offing below, we nugbt do something." . . His cynical air, Ms scornful use of an example wMch to her was sacred, chilled and revolted Sibyl. Yet she welcomed his presence, as that of someone who might be helpful to Brandon Mountford. "Yon mean that be ought to try to escape to run away, as if he were guilty? " she asked. "Yes, if he is not in a position to prove Ms innocence—and upon my word I don't seehow he is to do it. Pacts are uncommonly strong. Tho fact that you ware missing at an unusual hour, for instance Mountford-that you were found—as you were found " he hesitated at ttos point, as if even for Ms hard nature there wasnrany in the thought ofMaiio Arnolds death-" and tho fact of yonr knife being the weapon uscd-your knife-stained to the hilt with—her heart's blood." - The words choked him; ho stopped suddenly, -then, with a frown and a shrug, went on "It's a ghastly business, Mountford. ^ You must see for yourself how black it looks/ " «I see that as plainly as you, bat I m not going to run away." , (i Aren't you? Remember after to-night, unless to-morrow's inquiry should he adjourned, you mayn't have a chance of escape. Prom this place—with the people about here—you ma, get away as easily as Bazaine got away from St. Marguerite; bnt if the inquiry endsin your committal, andyou aro transferred to Carlisle, it will he nil over with you, and youmust stand the racket." . _ " I mean to stand the racket. If I am gnilty let mo suffer. If I am innocent, well, I sup pose Providence will watch my case, and the real facts of the murder will come to light, somehow." "Urquhart stared at him in Wank amusement. » Yon talk of yourself as if you were not sure of yourself-as if T<>u might have murdered her," he exclaimed. "I am not sure of myself, of of what happened during oy lapse of consciousness any more than an habitual sleep-walker can be sure | that no strange thing has happened during- his sleep. The fact that he can remember nothing , is no proof that nothing has happened." j "No, no, I understand. You aro right in that," s&id; Urquhart, evidently impressed, " and this murder was so motiveless, so un necessary; a girl who no one could have hated ; —young, beautiful. Why should anyone murder her ? It is a terrible case—terrible, for if you should be pardoned on the ground of lunacy, that would mean a life-long imprison ment. At Her Majesty's pleasure! Think what those words mean. A life, Mountford, a ! hfe! There are men pining in madhouses to day who were shut np when the Queen was a young woman, when everything in this world 1 was different from what it is to- day. Men j who have never seen the world we live in, who would not recognise the cities they once knew or the places in which their boyhood was spent. Men whose lives have rotted away within the | walls of Han well or Colney Hutch." " But if he is innocent, as I feel and know , that he is—flight would be madness; it would j be to stamp himself guilty." "My dear Sibyl, that is a girl's heroic way of looking at things. I, as poor Mountford's friend, bike a more prosaic view. All the chances arc against him if he stays to stand his j trial. Nobody can doubt tbat bo will be com- I milted for trial. On that point * there can bo J no question. Between to-night and to-mgrrown morning there is the possibility of getting Jum.^sray. ^t-t^enly'a possibility, mark you, and it will require sharp action on the part of , his friends—you and me, for instance—and a lavish use of money; but it may be done. After to-morrow it may bo impossible; it | will be impossible if the inquiry finishes to morrow." " You hear what he says, Brandon?" said ] Sibyl appealingly, the tears streaming down her pale cheeks, her hands clasping Brandon's arm, as he stood motionless, seemingly unmoved by I Urquhart's urgency. " Yes, I bear him—but I will take my chance." "No, no, yon mnst escape; think what the danger is—death, or a lifelong misery, Brandon, be rational, for my sake." He looked down at her with a smile which I transfigured him. "My angel, my divinity, for your sake ! "What would I not do for your sake? But, dear love, between you and me | there is a great gulf fixed. What does it , matter where I live or how I die ? I must live or die apart from yon." "Brandon, for my sake! Don't think about the future: Providence may be kinder to ns than yon think, if we are true to each other. "We will get yon away from this place —^>ut of England—if you will only be governed j by ns. "Wc can do it, Mr. TJrquhart. The people here will do anything for me—" " And for hard cash," interjected Urquhart. "All you have to do L« to let us act for yon. | Everything mnst be done in a few hours. Yon i won't refuse to make the attempt, Brandon, for my sake, for my sake." She urged tbat one argument which a woman . thinks infallible when she loves and knows | herself beloved. " Is there no risk for her in the attempt ? " Brandon asked, turning to Urquhart. " Not the slightest. Sir Joseph is a king in | this place, and can do no wrong; and his daughter shares his immunity. The people will be blind, deaf, dumb, if she asks tbem and pays tliera." - "Sibyl, you shall be the rnler of my life. If yon wish me to make my escape—although in the very attemptlstandself-cosclcnmed " "No, no, it will only give you time. "Who knows if some new evidence may not be found, when you are far away. The murderer may | confess; some cine may be discovered, some link in tbo chain of circumstances which no i one can foresee or imagine now. Only be I guided by us, Brandon, and aS will go well." She spoke with confidence. Her look was full of hope as she'clasped his hand at parting. • "Come along," said TJrquhart, "there's no time to lose." I 