Twinkling's. Fike. Diphtheria. Unemployed. Gerald Griffin. Death for a kiss. " The sod of turf." Processionists fined. Anarchism rampant. Anglican consistency. Silver, 28|d. per ounce. Government and-the people. Teach the children to think. Diphtheria epidemic in the North. Bishop O'Reily's health improving. We should toil to live, not live to toil. Yongala annual races on February 28. " Worthy persons " only to be assisted. Prospecting for minerals — £5,000 wanted. His Worship stopped the unemployed processions. The Lords have killed the Employers Liability Bill. Marriages celebrated with closed doors null and void. The King of the Kellys said to be worth two millions. The Grand Old Man's eyesight is failing, but not his mental. Sydney Government putting,a " set" on Sunday concerts. Unemployed have had to vamoose the Exhibition Grounds. Bail ways earned £20,304 for week ending February 17. Customs receipts up to February 17 totalled £336,085 10s. Id. Auction sale of harness and saddlery at Hamley Bridge on March 3. Caltowie Catholic sports and horse racing on St. Patrick's Day. Shocking details of a massacre of Catholics by troops in Russia. Natives at Point Pearce Mission Sta tion want to vote—and why not 1 "The strong-rooms of the banks,"says the 'Tiser, " are gorged with metal." Peasants in Hungary seized and cruci fied an old woman accused of witchcraft. Thomas Normoyle, clerk, Hobart, Tas mania, shoots one Knight for kissing his ./> 7 O O wife. The author of " The Collegians" died a member of the order of the Christian Brothers. Imports into Victoria for 1893 valued at £13,283,814, whilst the exports reached £13,338,551. Sir E. T. Smith appointed a local director of the Australian Mutual Provi dent Society. Sir John Downer's meeing re the un employed reads like a National Defence League Meeting. Sir Jenkin Coles and Lady Coles enter tained at Kapunda by the residents on Wednesday evening. Ulster farmers feeling the effects of the eviction-made-easy clause of Balfour's beneficent Land Act. Labor agitators in London urging the unemployed to incendiarism to give Work to artisans and laborers. Clergymen of the Church of England are goihg over to Rome, " not in single file, but in battalions." Mr. P. . McM. Glynn criticises Sir John Downer's address to the "Young Patriots" in another column. Sir Jenkin Coles' motto — To live honestly and work industriously. A good motto, too, worthy knight. " Let every man have leisure for enjoyment, domestic life, reflection, and culture."—Cardinal Gibbons. Mr. P. McM. Glynn complimented by Judge Boucaut for his defence of Charles Hay ward charged with bigamy. A number of self-righteous men in New South Wales "delight in picking holes in the conduct of their fellows. Presbyterian Assembly, New Zealand, adopted a motion in favor of the intro duction of the bible in State schools. ■ Winning numbers in connection with drawing of prizes in aid of St. Agnes' Church, Marrabel, in another column. Bad taste is constant offence against our preconceived instincts and feelings; it offends our eyes, our ears, our senses. Among the recent converts to Catholic ism is Miss Braddon, one of the most eminent and popular lady novelist of the day. Unemployed gave "three groans "for the shorthand writer employed by the police who could not read his notes in court. Cradock meeting determined to support Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin and one other Liberal candidate «for the Legislative Council. , Sir Jphn Downer's scheme for settling the unemployed difficulty is to raise £5,000 and start parties prospecting for minerals. Why should Torn Playford make a good cricketer ? Because he can handle a bat carefully, and, being a rich man, ho can't be stumped. Idle money in the'banks. Let them pay out the impounded money, and give the owners the luxury of fingering a little "idlemoney." Mr. Hindle, a local preacher «ndM.P., dnbhs his fellow members in the New South Wales Assembly, "notorious drnnkenblackgoards." Mr. A. G. Wells will hold an important sale of harness, saddlery, &c;, in the Institute flail, Hatnley Bridge, at 11 o'clock, on Saturday, March 3. McCormick and Stewart, leaders of the unemployed, "fined £11 lis. each, for un lawfully parading the streets of Adelaide in company with other persons. How is it that Mrs. Oldham's name does not appear on the list of singers for St. Patrick's Day ? Her singing was the gteat feature of last year's concert. " The Lapsed Bills Bill (introduced by Hon. J. Y. O'Loghlin) was an excellent measure, and would effect a great saving of time and work."—J, A. McPherson, M.P. Mr. Eugene Kelly, " the King of the Kellys," millionaire, who started life in America with £2, and is now 80 years of age, was born in County Tyronne, Ire land. " I am strongly in favor of labor com binations, the denial of which to the working men while the capitalists are organised into great corporations is mon strous."—Cardinal Gibbons. Mr. Chauncey Depew, after a graciously accorded interview wittutlie Pope, writes : "The Pope is nine months older than Mr. Gladstone, and I consider him if any thing the stronger man of the two." " From a Conservative point of view," says Mr. J. A. McPherson, M.P., "an agitator is one who drags into the light of day some loathsome and dangerous abuse which respectable rascality and cowardly Conservatism has carefully covered up and concealed under a film of humbug." Writing on the Pope's Encyclical on the "Study of Scripture," Father Ignatius, of the Anglican Church, says: " I was startled beyond expression as I read on. It was the Holy Ghost alone, who nerved the mind and the hand of thin second Leo the Great to pour forth such a torrent of heavenly faithand courage." Meagher of the Sword, on being found guilty of high treason—" I now bid fare well to the country of my birth. . . . I offer to that country, as a proof of the love I bear her, and the sincerity with which I thought and spoke, and struggled for her freedom, the life of a young heart, and with that life all the hopes, the honors, and the endearments of a happy and honored home." 