SPELLING REFOKM v . Salient Points of the Orthography Bill Now Before Congress, The Fiftieth Oongross is oonsidering a bill for 11 an amended aathograpby," whieb pro vides for a simplification of spelling. The bill presoribos that it ehall take effect upon all the schools of the Territories and thoioof the District of Colombia, and npon the Mili tary and naval academics and tho Indian and colored BonoolB in the Territories. It declares, furthormoro, that any offlosr, sohool direotor, committee or tonohsr in control of any school described in tbis act, who shall refosa or nogleet to comply with tho require ments of tho act ohall be removed from oflloo. Tho bill begins by enacting that ''the fol lowing amended orthography ahall be re cognised an oorreot." The orthography re ferred to is grouped andor tbe following twelve heads: First : Tho silent a shall be dropped when phonetically useless, as in are, granite, oaten, rained, harken and so forth. Write er for re, as in theator, motor, saber und so forth. Second : Drop a from ea, having the sound of e, as iu feathor, leather and so forth. Third : Drop ofrom co, buying the sound of e, as in jeapardy, leopards and so forth, Fonrth : For o having the sound of a write a in above (abuv), dozen, some (sum), tongue (lung), and the like. Fifth : Drop o from ou, having tho round ot u, as in journal, nourish, rough (rat), trouble, tough (tul), and tho liko. Sixth : Drop ollent n after g, beford a and in native EngU&h; words ; drop final ue, as in guarantee; gourd, guess, guest, guilt and so forth ; apologue, oatalogae and so forth ; demagogue, pedagogue and so forth; league, harangue, tongue (cung), and oo forth. Ssvsnth ; Double consonants uhall be sim plified. Final b, d, g, n, r, t, f, 1, z, us in ebb, add, egg, inn, purr; butt, bailiff, dull, buzz, und so forth. Medial bBfore ' another oonsonsnt, as battle, ripple, written (writn), and bo forth. Initial unaooented prefixes, and other un accented syllables aB in abbreviate, ceouso, affair, and so forth; curvetting, traveller, and Bo forth, Eight : Change d and ed, final, to t when eo pronounced, us in orossed (orost), looked (lookt), and so forth, nnloso the o affeata tho preceding sonnd, as in abated, chanced. Ninth : Change e to z in distinotivo words, as in abuss, verb ; house, verb ; rise, verb and so forth. Eleventh ; Drop t in oatob, witoli, and so forth. Twelfth : Change tho spelling in tho follow ing words : Aha (echo), anker (anchor), beuty (beauty), ooud (oould), wholo (hole), parlamont (parliament), reoeit (receipt), rimo (rhyme), sent (scent), oitho (scythe), wimen (women), yomen (yeomen) ; drop silent b in bomb, orumb, dob#, doubt, domb, lamb, limb, numb, plnm, subtle, Buoaamb,thomb; ohange s ts c in cinder ::n:ns; fierce hcncc onoe, penes, scares, since, sourcs, thonos, tioroe, whenoe ; drop the h of ch in chamo mile, eholcr, cholera, melancholy, school, stomaoh ; drop g in foign, foroign, sovereign; drop li in aghast, burgh, ghost ; drop gh in haughty ; though (tho), through (thru) -drop b in aislo, demesne, island : Provided, That the foregoing rules shall not apply to proper names. And provided further . that whera ambiguity would result from the use of tho eald rales tho old form bo retained. "X am a strolling player," groanod a seedy looking fellow to a gentleman on n country road, " and do not ask for money, bat only some left-off elothcs." "My good fellow," rejoined tbo latter ' I am sorry I can't assist you. Times are now so bad that I wear my loft-off olothes myself." " My daughter Ann takes a groat interest in msthetioB," observed Brlgga to Sqnal- din. " Sbo oould just put yon to sleep talking about high art," " I seo," replied Squaldig; " eutbatlo Ash booomes an aneosthstio." Maud (reading title of picture) : " « A Hunt ' for a Leeoh. What kind of animal do you suppose a loooh 1b, Clara 7" : Clara (doubtfully) : " Oh, I don't knowi something liko a fox, I should think," Alarmod podostrian (picking up a painter at the foot of a ladder) ; " My poor man, are you hurt muoh 7" Painter : " Only three rib) broken. Bnt I want down with oolors flying, didn't I ?" Wife (looking up from her book) : " You know a great mcny thinge, John. Now what do you think should bo done in the case of drowning 7" Husband: Havo a funora, o! coarse." Mrs, Arlington (just married) "Tbe goose liver you left here yeeterday was ozooliont. Lot me have another. But of the sumo gooso, mind. My husband ie very par- tioular," „ Ho (t" a vary late hour, with deop tender ness: ''How can I luava tbeef" Bhe: "Why, really, Mr, Stayer, I oaa'i tell you. I wish to heaven I oould.'' Mamma : " Bditb, can you tell me what faith?" \- Edltb (agcd six yetirt) : " Oh, yea ; it is btlievlng what you know isn't true I" Sbo (vindictively) : "Yon need not hope to escape me thus. Tho wounded heart never forgets. I shall follow you to your gravf." Hk (with bravado); ''Not it .vcqjiia AHttBhand'sSollcltudo V Robinson.: . ( So yon arc going to Earopt Brown?"; . Brown : .'I Yos, for a eonplo of -months. I haven't boon very strong, latsly, and I think Iba trip will do one good," RObfnson: "I hope bo. Mrs. Brown wlllac- company yon, of oourse?" . Brown: "N— no ; my wife has oom- . plained of not feeling vary strong recently, gnd I'm afraid to bve her undertake % 