A THEATRICAL FOOTBALL MATCH. A MELBOURNE FETE. The famous spectre, the theatrical ghost, took an unwonted airing on the East Mel-<*> bourne Cricket Ground yesterday (says the Melbourne Argus of Thursday). As a rule these constitutional walks are confined strictly to Monday, and even then thero are occasions on which the shadowy preeeuoc, emulatiag the example of little Josephine and Geordieof that ilk, is unable to materially) more than is sufficient to make a. very im palpable and misty apjxaranue indwd. But yesterday tbe announcement of a costume lootball match and fete in aid of the Austra- j lian Dramatio and Musical Association pro duced a most undoubted and satietactory materialisation. The test on this occasion took (be form of a crowd—each a crowd as witbin our memory has never before bet-u tHen, except on a holiday, on ike Ease Melbournu ground, whore, even when tb« public euclo sures are tiUed, there is always ample loom in the members' reserve. Yesterday there wat* none, and this, 100, in epite of a bitingly oiid afternooD, a sodden ground, aiid lre t ;ueut showers. The fete commenced with a frantic ftrupglo around the pigeonhole where tickets wen- coid. Ht-re inme hundreds ot men and wonn-u fought and purhed and ecreaojed in the vain effort to all get first to tbe ticket-box—an attempt which jnvvious rehearsals in the trams and tbe cabs en the way down t-houid have convinced them teas utterly futile. Then came the rush inio an already overcrowded ground, and tbe discovery tfiat for anybody under 7 ft. in height it was folly to waste time in trying to see anything. Later on people devoted their whole energies to Sliding- Fpofo' whtre it was possible to breathe. Xo? was the moment for tliucu wuo wtn aroouipanifed by a conbdicg party of ladies, or who relied on liieir theatrical connection, to sbuw thtniM-lvw: raastem uf the circum^tanoea. Oue f orCunat; gentlemaxi secured a Siwfy dreteing-titJt-, on which lie straightway proceeded to pack come tire or six Udiea. Then followed a aeries of ftini nioe shrieks, an ominous cn.ckiug and ephn tering of wood, and two minutes of chaos. Others begged, borrowed, or scule boxee to stand on, and many still more heroic duvoted the entire afternoon to manfuUy preserving the balance of lady visitors, who had perched themselves on the cariow hacks of the beats. In tbe refreshment tests the throng was to great as almaet to paralyse baeinc^e, and those who thirsted for a cup vi tea at too bands ot Mlbs Kellie Stewart or b«.t- oorapani^jnr, Mi? Kioreoce Ybunc and Mias Ida O*borne, touno themaeivea packed like to many human s«r dixies, unabld to move in any direction, and with so coneoJation bef ood a distaut tinklinp of teacups and the fitful btraina of Mr. Vv altur Barkfo-'s barp. There was a little rain before the tootball match, bat not more thui was becemary to cake the ground bice and slippery, ana thr oppoAing twenties. a« tS<^y swarniKl into Uic oval and stretched their niu<ci<« with a littln preliminary practice, looked relieved to bod that the falling was oomfortably roft. It «•? whiipered. that the catce ww likt-ly to be laet and funous. llr. Ho?«rd Venon, no the rutaor run, b?-l iimcked bimi«>t against Mr. Eddie Siinp^m to break tbe record and (rive 10 foals in. and i? was an open eecrut that M. Ltoa Caron bed been cautioned that at ths first atSompt at rough play be would b? carpeted iytom the aecociation. The appt*rauoa of a gentle man dad in a complete euit of platr armor, and fortified with spikes on his t-lbowt and knees, addud color to these alarming cujcgn, tions. and it was a relief to evurjbody that he did not attempt to enter th? rank? of the plsynttb To tbe public mind tbe adoption by Mr- T. P«nuaa of the garb of an undertaker bore an ominous eicnificance. aod it wan with asenssof anxious foreboding that the public watched toe pame twgm. From the very uottot a change came o'er the spirit of tbe tcene. The ladin, in fact, carried all before thorn. I>id Ooadiah pisgltf and th« Chatity Boy force the b&li; into a good position, straightway Ma Mie Kosene and Ophelia would bear down upon tbes. Then would come a sudden ooUirion, a wild melee of padded limbs, and in a moment 30 in. of striped Mocking would shoot from beneath a variegated akin, and tbe ball would rly over a good 2 ft. 10 in. of prooud and out of danger. In vain did th? Uandy Colored Coon *peed along the wisp: in vain waa he backed up by Jack Tar and the Man who Broke the Bank at Monte Carlo; in vain did Ally Slopn try to retrieve tbe tor tunea ot toe day by nuuin? the treach<>n>us ball with the bandle ot bi-« uaitaclia. I>o> n like an avalacobe maw Auat Kliza and Lutli- Red Riding Hood, juh) th? tid? of invasion wm* roHed far, far back. Once only riid the cause of womanhood tremble in tlie baUnce. Tbe ball lay close in front of tds iacs>nin< post. Ten only of die other side bad kick- o at it and miread, and thi-re vras nt lei-t c poeeibility that one of the remaiiiicg 10 might do toe trick. Bat in tbe very nick or time v blue cloud swooped down upon the epot aod discharged a ligbtnins flash of white bowery. i Then came the thnoder shock ; the vwtU wi. torn np for several yards, and when too mud shower eaaaed the spot waa clear ot player* I Mdlle. Bartho had kicked for the honor ot her sex, and bad shifted the entire immediate vicinity with tha exception of the ball. In euch gentle pastimes did tUo afternoon pats away. Tnere whcbv in addition, a lame..' bicycle race, in which the management had very unwisely placed all the competitors at "scratch," a harlequin pony race, a d-jbkej race, a sack raoe, an animal biiy<:le r&c;?, a consolation race, and *uch cideahows aa sorobftttD dispiavp, pcrforwing dogs, baby ahOKH, and tbe phonogniib. That in t>pitr of the abnormal nature of the attendance matters passed off so admirably is dns to the abilities of the joint eeoretaric^, M^rs. Phi! Greenwood and l'coe. Kennedy. asairtMi by a btroog committee. And everyone will be glad to know that the funds of a mo*t drseriiog charity will benefit to an extant altogetlier beyond the average of benefit periormantKa. The rrault of tha whole trouble was that the I oostume football match ended in a draw, the I women soaring 1 dixaUoared cost and A bt--tiiiid? to the other side's nil. Witb characteristic audacity, however, the lad its appropriated tbv prizu take. In the Ladies' Bicycle Kace Mra Engler came in first, but a protest, on tbe ground that she had g-oe within two tl?i!s, I was sustained, and the raca waa airatded t.. Miss Heliir, witb Mies Bertha Berlin second. Ibo Swell and the Clown were the cist Sun in the Harlequin Pony Rica, and Clown and Uon w<*re tirst and £«HX>od in the Uobkev Kace. The Sack Ueue fell to Mr. Stannis Leslie, with &lr.; J. Farrell aeoond; and Monkey atii Lion filled the places ta tbe Animal Bicycle Rase. As th.- reeulc of the lute, it is expected that over £I,COO will accrue to the bene&t; fund. 