AQUATICS. At a committee meeting of tho Johnstone's Bay Sailing Club on Tuesday night, preli minary arrangements were made for the 20- footers' champion race, which Is down for decision on the 24th instant. At the sama meeting, a sub-committee was appointeu io arrange courses and allot prizes for all club races throughout the season. The Pllgriin. a new craft, designed by the celebrated Fife, jun., and built by R. Inches, the Hob&rt; builder for Mr. W. R. Clarke. of Tasmania, was successfully launched on Sat urday, 10th lost. The Pilgrim has a 21ft, lead keel, and measures ,34ft. overall. She la also fitted with a centreboard, and from her general lines is expected to prove the fastest boat of her class in any of the colonies. The Sydney Dingy Club held a meeting at Punch's Albion Hotel on Wednesday, when the prizes won in the 14-footers' handicap were paid to the owners o Thomas Punch and Young Victor. The following entries were re ceived for the 10-footers' handicap next Satur day, viz. Venora, Noel, Young Clive, Ruce- laud, Turn o' Shantcr, Carina., and Viking. The usual Shark Island course will bo sailed. fi Arrangements were made on. Wednesday for the third race of the Sydney Flying Squadron, , which is fixed for to-morrow. Messrs. r. J. Donovan. G. Drew, and A. E. G. Thomas were appointed club handicappors. The fol lowing entries were received, viz.:— First beat?. Lady Duff, Aztec. Nereid, Ethel, Cynthiin Secret, Yong Harry. Volunteer. Second heat: Oliuda, Ariel. Stella, Esmeralda, Bettiuar Cygnet, Ghost. Connie. The committee of the Balmain regatta held a meeting at the local council chambers on Monday night, Mr. J. Degotardl in the chair. A number of accounts were passed for pay ment. A protest was received from the Rln- garoonm crew in tho service whalers' race | against the prize being awarded to the Naval Brigade crew on the ground that the winners did not row in a bona-iide service whaler. The matter wa-s deferred to next meeting for further Inquiry. The manual labor single sculls' event was declared "no race." ther© being only two starters. It was decided to pay the prizes over at the local Town-hall on Mon day next, at S p. in. — ... Tho committee of the Prince Alfred "\acnt Club have awarded the prizes ar> under in th© i race on Saturday last for all yachts (handi- capped) First prize, Idunu; second prize,. « Archina;» third prize, lseu. The yawl race; 3 fixed for 24th inst. has been postponed until the 1st prox. (one week later). v. 