| "" LlTEuATUIlE. I' LOOKS UP TO DATE. Tjj Europe going mad? asks ti writer on I- 11 Anarchist Literature " in the Quarterly |'( Bcvicwt who has l'cii rending tlie work on jv Degeneration " by Mr. Mux Nonlau, the 1 1 wfii-!:nown author of 44 Conventional Lies of V'iv'li-,i'(l Humanity." Bishop Butter once I' asked whellicr nations could go mad, and | Kordau refers the statistics of crime, in- %' sanity, and suicide to "hysteria of the ? masses." Ho thinks the age of electricity is t one of brain-fatigue, that hysteria is the con- | sequence of fatigued nerves and produces a condition in whicli impulse conquers reason. 4 At lists, poets, rojnanee-writors, in whom the imagination is open to every fantastic in. > flu. Mice, lie classes with criminals, nnar- 4 cliiijts, ami lunatics as " the savages j of civilisation." Anarchist authors he divides into two groups, Mystics and Ego. i tists. To the first, class belong symbolists and A oculists ; to the second, decadents ami ft realists. Swinburne he calls a matloid, 1 Kosseiti an imbecile, Verlaine a degenerate, : tlte last resembling in some points 44 the '1 American tramp and idler,'' Walt W hitman ; i Tolstoi he declares to have " the mind of an i English chemist and the soul of a Hindoo \\\ Buddhist," and in his teaching to.be 44 pus- i fiivc to the verge of idiocy." Would anyone, 4 ho asks, acquainted with the conditions of a i sound mind, affirm that such were existent | in Rousseau, Victor Hugo, Comte, in Colc- li ridge, or at all times in Carlyle ? In Wagner 3 he denies creative power, and says ironically, $ 44 his drama of the future is all of the past." The standard-bearer of anarchy he descries £ in Henrik Ibsen, and charges him with re- % asserting original sin under the form of a % malignant heredity. Sombroso assured us a ii few years ago that what we are pleased to 5 call genius is degeneracy, and now i Nordau disguises izi the c tic to tissues of the nineteenth century the 44 bacillus of unsound 7 literature !" i A colonial edition, in boards, of John i Strange Winter's Tiie Soul of tiie Bishop 7 has been issued by F. V. White and Co. It is a love story of a somewhat serious type- two people, both of noble character and \- passionately devoted to one another, severed by a religious doubt, which they are too honest to compromise. Many of Mis. Stan- nard's admirers will candidly confess they prefer her cheery stories of military life to ' this psychological study, but as a literary effort it undoubtedly elevates this favorite writer to a higher level of art, and will | extend the circle of her readers. a In a parcel of new books sent us by Messrs. 3 Angus and Robertson are Korea and the | Sacked White Mountain (George Philip :j- aud Son), being the account of a journey in I the Chinese Italy by Captain A. K. T. Cavcn- | dish, F.R.G.S., and an ascent of tlie 44 long vj white mountain " by Captain H. E. Goold- V Adams, R. A. Of this strange country, with j its queer inhabitants, wild scenery, and ? lovely climate, comparatively little is known c to Europeans. It is pronounced by Captain ' Cavendish to be at least 3000 years behind i modern civilisation, and his experiences, ul- '! though most interesting in a book, scarcely j tempt the fastidious reader to venture him- 7 self in such an uncouth country. In addi- tion to Kodak pictures, the work is illus trated with a number of colored sketches by ; a Korean gentleman, which faithfully render ' the manners and customs of his compatriots. Goethe: Reviewed after Sixty Years (Seeloy and Co.), by Professor Seeley, is the reprint of three admirable essays from the Contemporary lit view. The author considers the genius, compass, aud liinitation of Goethe, his age and contemporaries, his literary phases and their significance, his self- culture, and his position in German literature as 44 the great heathen." In delineating the personality of the subject of these sketches Professor Seeley has much to say that is fresh, and lias succeeded in 1 steering clear of the commonplaces of pane- gyric. A very charming little volume is A Random Itinerary (Mathews and Lane), by John Davidson, who transcribes delight, fully notes and impressions of the remark, able spring and summer of 1893 in the open places round about Loudon, in its parks and squares, and in his suburban surroundings. Ernie Stuart has given tlie romantic reader an exciting mystery in Inscrutable (Bliss, Sands, and Foster). Tales ok the Early Days (George Robertson), by "Price Warung," is a grim and powerfully written contribution to the inner history of the ter. riblc times when this great colony was being founded. The horrors of 44 The System'' which treated the prisoner as a brute beast, and too often transformed his gaoler into an in human monster ; the secret society of 44 The Ring " among the Black Norfolkcrs in that University of Depravity ; and the official cor ruption, amidst which good men shone out like stars on a dark firmament, are the motives of the episodes hero rescued from the limbo of ghastly bygones. Frankfort Moore's A Grey Eve or So (Hutchinson), of which this is the seventh edition, is a loosely-written but vivacious novel, full of epigram and droll Irish stories. Hissing's Born in Exile (Adam and Charles Black) is also in a new edition. It does not touch the high mark of omc of this writer's other work, lacking, U9 it does, variety of interest, but the minute study of the hero's strange charae tor will fascinate those who lovo to explore the convolutions of a morbid mind, aud as a life- story it 1ms a certain dreary pathos. Mr. Lang has two new books in prepara tion, Ban and Arrieuk Ban, A Rally of Fugitive Rhymes, and The Cock Lane Ghost and Common Sense, the latter a series of papers in continuation of his recent study of spooks. He 1ms in prospect an illustrated edition of Sir Walter Scott's ballads and lyrics. Some addresses of Mr. Rusk iu's, de livered at tlie Royal and London institutions between 1870 and 1883, arc about to be pub lished under the title of Verona and Other Lectures, with plates from drawings by the author. Chapman and Hall announce Aphorisms from the Writings of Mr. Herbert Spencer, compiled by Julia R. Gingell. A second volume of Methucu's edition of Mr. Gladstone's speeches is to be issued shortly. The new series of Science Gossip will be edited by John T. Car- rington and Edward Step. Sir Robert Ball contributes tlie opening article, Some .Little Worlds, in which he shows how new stars are discovered, aud by what data astro nomers estimate their actual size and pro bable inhabitants. Tennyson: His Art and Relation to Modern Like, by the Rev. A. Stoptord Brooke, will be published this month by Isbister and Co. Lost on Du Corrio ; or, Twixt Earth and Ocean, is the title of Standish O'Grady's new work ; and the Irish Literary Society 1ms in hand a volume of addresses by Sir Charles Gavan Dully and others, to be styled The Revival ok Irish Literature. Mr. Ford Ilueffer, who wrote the initial volume of Fisher Uuwin's Children's Library, lias finished a new fairy talc, The Queen who Flew, which will have a frontispiece by Sir E. Burne-Jones. A story comes from Boston of a blue stocking there who recently said she thought Mr. Bailey Aldrieh effeminate. The remark was repeated to tlie author, who promptly replied, 44 So I am, compared with her." Gilbert Parker is to give a fresh proof of his versatility in a book of poems, a collection of Bonnets linked together by a thread of romance. Stanley J. Weyman promises a new historical romance, to be called Under the Red Rose. The heroine in Mrs. Hum phrey Ward's new novel, Maroella, is a persistent slummor for philanthropic duty's Bake. The mother of Mario Bushkirtscff says there is much of her daughter's famous diary which 1ms not yet been published, but that the journal will not appear in its un til ety till she herself is dead. Grace Lang- ford, the author of 44 Werona," who lives at Kyneton, is said to be a niece of Cardinal Newman. An American critic 1ms set himself the task of making a list of the errors contained in some of the school-books mo-it commonly in use. It is said that the announcement of his I intention has caused consternation among | publishers, and that he bus already foi" i Warded to one linn which issues educational j j books a list of 1100 errors ! j A Superfluous Woman (Cussell) is said to j I f be making a sensation at home and in, America. This novel, which appeared anonymously, was ascribed to Sarah Grand, who has since denied its authorship. Jessa mine Halliday, a beautiful and wealthy ; society girl, wearied of conquest, consults a . Dr. Cornerstone, who, finding her ill, not j from disease, but from 44 ennui and excessive- breeding," turns mentor instead of medical adviser, and tells her to busy herself in try ing to do some work, some good in the world. .Shortly after the young lady deserts, her Aunt Arabella, and romantically dis appears (her only confidant Dr. Cornerstone, who is pledged to secrecy) and hides herself, like Moua .Maclean, in a remote Scottish I village, where she docs housework in a i cottage ! Here she falls in love with a young fanner, 44 splendid" physically and tlie antithesis of all she is accustomed to. His simple honesty preserves her from a folly; she returns to London and society, and finally marries a horrible old peer. Jessamine's sudden transitions, and the attack of 44 primal passion " to which she so nearly succumbs, are described with a frank ness aud directness that have in them a teacning on luucn tne same lines as iuan «». 44 The Heavenly Twins." Warne and Co. publish in a cheap form Louis Felbermaiin's translation of In Love with the Czarina, a collection of stories by Maurice Jbkai. It has been said that in reading Jukai's novels one reads the history of Europe. So numerous are his works that their titles fill nine pages of the British Museum catalogue. His style is bold and lively, he has a dry wit, and an unequalled power of swift, vivid description. The first of these stories treats of a secret society in ..St. Petersburg at the time of Peter III., not a political conspiracy, but a meeting of 44 The Nameless," where people from all grades of society met to amuse themselves at their ease. Jemeljan Pugasceff, a young Cossack hetman, dances at one of these assemblies with a lady with whom he falls in love. This pretty woman is the Czarina, The hetinan swears that he will marry her ! When the Czar is killed and Katharine wears the Crown herself, a rumor spread through Russia that the Czar was im. prisoned, not dead. Five different pre tenders, each with pock-marked face like the Czar, rose one after the other. This gave Jemeljan his groat idea. He slept in the bod of a man who had died from small pox, and rose from it 44 like the Czar Peter.'' He raised the Roskolniks, gathered an army and conducted one of the most daring and successful campaigns of history, still dominated by his mad ambition to be the husband of the Czarina of all the Rus sia. 1 Finally, betrayed by his body- guard, he was sentenced by the Czarina to be cut up alive into small pieces, and the hangman was sent to Siberia for the merciful error by which he began this slaughter by cutting off the victim's head. Among the many books dealing with the woman question The Strike of a Sex, by G. Xoyes Miller, a member of the Oneida com munity, has readied its thirty-first thousand Thure was for a time a run for the book, though it is hard to say why. The author attempted to describe how the whole of the women in a town absolutely 44 struck," with drew themselves from their homes, in order to secure what they claimed as certain 44 rights," but more especially independence of action in every respect, even as to mater nity. They meet with success, but how the new system works wc are not told. The book is on the whole weak. Among other bonks we have (from Angus and Robertson) Merry Minstrelsy, de scribed as everybody's book of humorous poetry, by W. Spencer Jackson; 44 Paving the Way," a romance of the Australian bush, by Simpson Newlnnd (London : Gay and Bird) ; The Way Tiiey Lived at Gkim- ulrt'ia-i.itlv.Tvrihfon vilk(i<» idvtltt. by E. Rentoul Ester (London: Sampson Low, Marston, and Co.) ; aud The Hoyden, by Mrs. Ilungcrford, one of Hemniann's Colonial Library series. 