Church Servioes. CHRIST OHUKCH. In the morning Mr Ross, of Bendigo, con ducted the eervioe of Christ Ohurch owing to the much regretted absence of the Rev. B. Rodda, who is suffering from temporary illness. It is earnestly hoped that the rev. gentleman will shortly be restored to | his wonted place in the pulpit. Tiie]o(Soiating minister chose for his text the 39th verse of. the 5th ohapter of St. John, " Search the Scriptures." The preacher opened his subject by placing before hia hearers the great and progressive change that had taken place in the relative positions of tho Scriptures of to-day and the time when our Saviour uttered those memorable words. To-day the Soriptures are to be found in evory nook and corner of the earth, the bulwarks of heathenism have been torn down through tho instrumentality of its manifold translations. How straugo the great neglect shown to it, amidst its native strongholds ^newspapers and other periodicals soem to take"its place. But this should|not prevent our study of it; the moro frequently we approach its pages the hotter for ourselvesj; we should sot'asido a part of each day to read tho Bible, so as to gob a proper introduction to tho grandour of its theme. The inspired word of God is in destructablo, its vitality is imperishable, tho moro wo scan its pages tho better for us, tho gem like passages that sparkle through it associates us with every day life, giving us brighter ideas and greater hopefulness. At tho evening service Mr Goss stated that tho incumbent intended preaching a sermon relative to the lato Mr Whiteley, who had been an ofticor of tho church and a consistent attendant at the sorvices. Tho oliurch was draped in black in memory of the departed, but on account of illness tho Rev. Mr Rodda was not able to be present. Mr Goss choso for his text the 2nd verso of tho 19th ohapter of Acts:—"And ho said unto them, have ye received the Holy Ghost einco yo believed ? And they said unto him, wo Jhavo not so inuoh as hoard whether tliero be any Holv Ghost." l'ho preachor dwelt on the meaning spring ing from the words of tho text, and alludi'd particularly to tho approaching confirmation servico. Fallon oreatures alienated from God, must bo eradicated and a now nature implanted within us, which was only possiblo I through tho raorita of tho Saviour, and tho outpouring of tho Holy Spirit. . At tho con clusion of the evoning servico tho " De&d; Mnroh in Saul" was rendered with fooling and solemnity, by Miss JKodda. 