SPORTING NOTES FROM ENGLAND. Br COBlIOrOLlTAH. ' . NEWMASKET. 12th Mav. For a change wo have had cold weather, and both atKumptonPark and Newmarket tho air has been almost dangerously cold nftor the spoil of warm summer.' Still we ought to' be thankful for one thing, viz., that rain has not interfered with sport. Eaoh day during the First Spring Mooting wo have hod plenty of It but not during raolng hours. At ICempton Park the Oompany had a rare success on 4th and 5th May Tlisre were more people there on the first day than I ever saw except on a quite big oooasion and tiie crowd for tho Jubilee aftornoon suroly must have made a reoord. The attraction for the Friday was tho Two-Yenr-Old Stakes of wbioh I send you par ticulars. Curiously enough although this is worth . about £3000, it has '- never gono to a really first rater. AVlndgall who took the prize in 1891, stands out a long way the hast of tho winners. Ryan who trained Clioioe, this year's winner had two othors in, viz., Santa Paima and Cheery but without question the best youngstor in the field won. She wob almost left at tho post while Pet of the Olmso and Ourznn eame tearing away and certainly had nearly 10 lengths to mako up. But when inside tho distaneo she got within hull of Our- zon, who was tlion leading. It was a treat to see uer out uannon s oolt down. She won by a couple of longths, nnd might have won by 20 hail she got away with the others. Her owner is not exactly an Australian but next door to it, as ho made all his money out of one of your mines I forget whioh, but I know there is a funny story about his playing bis undo at onrds to see bow many sbaresjie should -have, smi ths Shares going up to a fabulous, prioe. . You might have got 50 to 1 about Oh'oiot for the asking. Royal Two-Year-old Plate, of 2660 sovs. to the winner, 100 son. each to the owner aud nominator of the sccoml, and 60 sovs. each to llio owner and nominator of the third. Five furlongs. ' -, A. \V. Cox's b f Choice, by Gnlopln— Selection, 8 st. 6 lb. .. .. .. (W. Pratt) 1 T. Cannon's b o Chrzon, by Ocean AA'nvo— Tib, 8 " kI.611), ... .. .. .. (SI. Cannon) 2 Daniel Cooper's, .b f Saintly, by Sk.Smtnn— " Lonely, 8 st. 6 lb. .. ... .. ..' (Finlay) 3 Captain (Ireor's Kilcock, 9st. 7 lb. .. (T. Unrrott) 0 II. M'Calmont's l'et of tho Chose, Bst- lllb. .. .. (T. I.ontos) 0 J. II. Ilonldswnrth's Cheery, 8 st. 6 111. (Ilicknby) 0 lialrd Ilay's Blalrfoltio (lato Polentia II) 8 st. bill. .. .. . .. -. .. OYoodbnru) 0 Princo Soltyltofl'd Dross, 8 st. 6 lb. (CI. Clialoner) 0 Wallace Johnstone's Dotma Bella, 8 st. I lb. i - .. : ... .. ..(Allsnpp) 0 I,, llrassoy's Mollsse, 8 st. 1 lb. . .. (Rraclfonl) 0 , Daniel Connor's Float, 8 st 5 lb. .. : (S. I-nates) 0 It. Peek's Golden lilazc (late Luminous) 8 st. 31b. .. .. .. (F. Pratt) 0 T. Phillips's Bonded Knees, 8 st. 3 lb. .. .. .. .. (Mr. J. Phillips) 0 Bnrnn de Ilirsch's St Johaini, 8 st 9 ill. (carried - 8st'llll>.) .. ...' .. .. (J. Watts) 0 Douglas Balrd's Santa Paima, 8 st 6 lb. .. ... .. . (G. Barrett) 0 Batting: 100 to 10 against Pot of tho Chase and Goldeit'niaze,.9 to 1 Santa l'alma, 10 to 1 Curznn, Float ami Saintly, 100 tn 8St. Jnhaun, (-'henry, Drnss and Kilcuck, 33 to 1 Clioico, Mollusc, Bonded Knees and Dumin Bella. Only a small Hold onmo out for the Jubilco Stakes; only a small one by comparison with former years. That is rather a good thing, be cause the course is all on the onrre, and the more horses thcie aro tho more unfair it is. This course, you know, is called u. straight , mile, hut has a very long bend in it. Of course that Is as fair for one .as for another, beoanae all have equal ohanoes in drawing for v'iccb, but some times those who get badly away noyor have a ohanoe of coming through. . This timo there waa no question ns to which ought to havn won, for the win'ner, Aving'ton, .landed in noanter anil had won a third of a mile from home. Prisoner, who finiBhsd second, would bnvo beon very unluoky not to have won with Avington out of the way; for lis was knooked about a lot. Thore was only a bend betwssn Prisoner and El Diablo, and tbo saino between the latter and Skirpcnbeok, who was fourth. The stakes were £2650. Sir AVilliam Throokmorton, who owns Avington, is ono of our most popular and most thorough sportsmen, and n dead straight ono too. The table" won a fair stake, but rather foolishly arranged what you may call a weak trial, Tho horees Avington beat at homo .wero no good, Sir AVilliam was a fortunate man wheu ha looked up Annette, a selling plater. She hae. bred for him Annnmite, Aroano and Avington, all big winners. Here is a return of Saturday's race Kesipton Park Great "Juiiii.ee" stakes, a handicnp of 2650 sovs., by subscription of 10 sovs. each, if declared ; if left in a further subscription . of 20 sovs., and nn additional subscription of 20 . sovs. for starters ; second receives 200 sovs., and the third 100 sovs. ; Jubileo course (ono mile). Sir W. Tlirockmortiin's b c Avington, by Melton —Annette, 4 yrs., 8 st. 1 lb (Colder) 1 Lord Cttdogsns b c Prisoner, by iBonomy— Lonely, 4 yrs., 8 St. 1 lb. (carried 8 St. 2 lb.) .. ' .. .. .. .. (M..Cnnnon). 2 Colonel North's b h El Diablo, by Robert' tbo Devil— Tantrum, 5 yrs., 7 St. 12 lb. (carried 7 st, 131b.) .. '.. .. .. ..(0. Barratt) 3 A..M. Caldwell's b e Skirpctlbcck, by Golilseeker —Patient, 3 yrs., 6 st. 9 lb. .'. .. (11. Toon) 4 J. I- Dugdnlo's b it St. David, by Retreat— Sul tana, 6 yrs., 8 st; 13 lb... ..(J. Watts) 0 Lord Ullesinero's b It Esmond, by Lowland Chief CInrrissa, 5 yrs., 8st. 4 lb. .. .; (S. I.oatcs) 0 C. 3. Blake's ell c Doipltos, by Necromancer- Sibyl, 3 yrs., 8 St. 2 lb (T. Loates) 0 T. Cannon's b e Irish Wake, by Master Klldare —Festival, 4 yrs., 8 st. 2 lb. . . (O. Brown) 0 M. D. Peacock's ell g Golden Drop.u Tortius— Golden Fringo, 6 yrs., 8 st 1 lb...(S. Cltnndley) 0 AV. W. Fulton a b m Comedy, by Beit Bnttle— AVhtto Witch, 6 yrs., 8 st, .. (Alisopp) 0 Sir J. B. Maple's clt f Sifflsuso, by Saraband— Assay, 4 yrs., 7 nt 10 lb. .. . . (Bradford) ' 0 Sir 11. Jardinc's clt it Llantbony, by Ormonde- Agnes Bentick. 5 yra, 7 st. 10 lb. .. (Finlay) 0 Dlck'ti br c'Atliel, by Atlicting— Ada, 5 yrs., 7 st. _ 1,0 lb. .. ..(O. Madden) 0 Colonel North's b f Lady Hermit, by Hermit or Qalopin— Yollndra, 5 yrs., 7 st. 7 lb. (W. Pratt) 0 E. Foster's b f Qttoeti of Navarro, by Galliard — — Pampolnna, 4 yrs., 7 st 3 lb. (carried 7 st. 4 (b. .. .. (J, Woodbtirn) 0 Manton's br c Beggars' Opera, by Mnchcnth— St. Agatha, 3 yrs., 7 st 1 lb. .. .. (Gottgh) 0 Jorsoy'a elt o Mllford, by Saraband— Colleen Bawn, 4 yrs., 7 st. 1 lb, ;. .. (Trundloy) 0 Colnnol North's b o Royal Harry, by Kihvarlin —Sultana, 4 yrs. 6 st 12 lb (E. Hunt) 0 C. D. Roso's br c Bnsihlon, by Galoidn — Mag dalono, 3 yrs., 6 st 6 lb. (carried 6st. 8 lb.) AV. Lowe's br f Profit, by AVisdom— Booty, 1 yrs.! 6 st. 61b. (cartlod 6st. 61b.) .. (Iluxtablo) 0 Betting: 6 to 1 ngainat Siffleuao, 100 to lo Llanthony, 9 to 1 Avington, 10 to 1 St David, 11 to 1 Golden Drop, 100 to 9 Prisoner, 100 to 6 151 Diablo, 100 to 6 Basildon, 20 to 1 Profit, 20 to 1 Doipltos, 25 to 1 Comedy, 33 to 1 Skirponbcck, 33 to 1 Lady lior- init, 40 to.l Beggars' Opera, 60 to 1 BniuoimI. 50 to 1 Quoon of Navarre, 100 to 1 Itoyal Harry, 100 to 1 Athel, 100 to 1 Irish Wake, 100 to 1 Mllford. Looking through the Newmarket cards I find llttlo to tell you, cxcont about the Two Thousand GumoftB, Ou the first day, 8th May, Lord Cadogan won the Hnstings Plato Ditch Mile with Stowmarket, by Timothy, who very oaBily beat five others ail bad 3year«oldp, Mr, Leopold Rothschild's game colt Attar, by Brag, won tho First Spring Twthyear-old Stakes, fivo furlongs. He wanted a lot of shaking up, but won like a good horse. Captain Maoboll made his reappearance at Newmarkofc. Tho oaptain lookB very old and very ill, only the ghost of his former solf. Mr, Milncr, the Duchess of, Montroso's linsband, was there, too, greatly to 11 Caroline's " iudigna tion. Ho was staying with tho Hon, George Lambton, Lord Durham's broilior, and the old Duohossgavo Lambton a regular blowing up for presuming to invite Milner to Newmarket, Sbo declared,' too, that if ho did not go away sbo would not ran her horses in the One Thousand Guinens. auias won mo two 'inonsfrad in great style, and has made us nil his admirers. Ho looked bonutiful in tho paddock and has evidently come on grvatly since his 2-year-otd days. He went qucerly In the betting almost to tho last, but just nt tho finish settled down a very firm favorite. Tho colt is Bound onongb, but has hn enlarged hook, which looks as if he had a spavin. Really this is only tbo result of a sprain, Matohbox has grown rather high on the leg, but Is a beautl fill horso. Ho was harder trained tlmn Ladas, Ono outsider, St. Florian, iB a rara good looking one, but he ran a regular hruto and would not a try a yard. Tom Loates oould do nothing at all with tho boast, who caused trouble at tho post. After half a mile It was dearly a matob betwoen Ladas aud Matoh Box, tbo latter of whom ran a bit slug gishly. Watts sat quiet on .tho favorite while Cannon waa -riding the other with his liamiit. Still Matohbox stuck to tho work gamly enough. Watts sent his horse out 100 yards from the ludgo, nnd despite tho second favorite's stanch endeavor to stall him off, won very easily indeed by a length and a half. St. Florian curled up ! J® that he was beaten by a head for third plaoe. Tj)® time was 1 min. 44 15 sec, , and stako £3550. Frinco of Wales, who was standing next to Lord Rosobery, at onee shook his hand as tbo race finished, and tho Prime Minister, looking aB white as olean sheet, rushed out to lead the colt in. His vlotory wasvory popular, but he did not forget to snub the people who had op posed Ladas when they congratulated him. Seven to four was laid on Ladas for tho Derby before'the day was over. Two TnousAND Guineas Stakes, of 3650 sovs. fa sweepstakes of 100 sovs. osch, half forfeit), for 3- yoar olds; colts, 9 at.; fillies; 8 st. 9 lb.; socofid ' nl?imnSn;ni th thM La,,n!'" by lIftmPtoti— Ilhi. X M»tchBox;by S . J si.s b ?.Ate- i'ailufiOTvoq 9aL 9"b. uornbm- n Rtre09W»t!(l'8Cb0 Saltftt,;;' l>y' 'Gnlliaril— ju|. 0 PtettSa?1ffi!I:a b.. ®poot1 a'cilion 1 Betting! 6 to 6 on Lotltvs, 9 to'-4 timiiist Box, 9 to i St. Florlatt, 25 to I Rpoeil. 60 to 1 'llorn Saltator! "0' 100 10 uitalrc. 600 to i On 4th May 1 went 'io Clnpliaih Jnnotion to s.e Dick Burge, of Clieltcnliam, and Newcastle- on-fyne. fight Harry Niokle.., of London, at tho Ho ngbroke Olub. Burge is a fine all round athlete, who had won a couple of good sprint handicaps, and oan do a lot of things as well na box. By tho sido of Nieklcss ho looked n shrimp, but wotghod as mnoli, viz., 10 st I thought it a remarkably pretty fight. Mnny of theothors,who are used to til, swingingandrotHt- jttg and wild slogging now popular, complained that the nffair was tedious. Well, certainly Burge did protty muoh the same sort of thina all the while. H. hit poor Niokless again nnd again in the stomach, and frequently in the ovo, and got- away in safoty. Niokless tried very hard, but oould. not get at Burge, whose work with lite fcot was simply marvellous. The other kept to tlio plan of attnok which an swered so well at tho outset. Until the end onme, in the 20th round, Niokless had two good hands and two good legs, and was punching desporately. hard. AVhat then should Burga go in nnd fight for, while ha wns doing plenty of exeotttion, and not paying anything at all for it? His opponent's loft eye went after the eighth round, und he could scarcely see out of his right and ho was tiring himself mightily tlirougi fruitless rushos. I admired the winner's cool, ol.an scientifio work, but somo of the critics oould not see anything olevsr in a man's fixing up n- good sobome and carrying it out. In the 28th round h. sent the Londoner down nnd nearly had him out, and whon ho rose just ittsido tho 10 seoonds. knocked him right out. Burgo's people per.uaded him to retire after winning tho oontest, whioh was for tho 10 st. oltamplonship, £200 a aide and a purso of £200,; but as Tom AVillinms is very anxious for a tnatoh Burge made up hia mind to givo Tom ft how it he wants a turn. Another eapital glove fight oarae off at tlia Notional Sporting Club on Monday. This was betweon Fr.d. Johnson, of Haekuoy, and David AVallaoe, another Cockney, who boxed at 8 st. 4 lb. Johnion used to be quite at the top of tho tree, but is getting old now, wltilo AVnllaoo has had a great run of successes. These two went at it in merry style, and- made a very in teresting fast bout. Tho young un had rather the best of it up to tho 12th round, but was out stayed by Johnson, who nearly settled him in the thirteenth round just before time was called, and did for him in tho noxt with a tremendous drive in the ribs. Georgo Bubonr talks of aoulling Sullivan again. If he doss he will find lie lies eaught a Tartar. Bubear bogins to fanoy himself because he has beaten Barry and Sam. Emmott, at AVandswortb. These aro only fourth raters, whom little Harding offered to sottU on tho one down the other oomo on prineiplc. Monday's matoh on tho Thames obampionship oourso was for £50 ft sido. Bubear led throughout and led very easily. John Roberts oarried his break (whioh I re ported toyoulastweck)up to 1392, alongway above reoord for spot stroke barred play. Burrouglies, and AVatts, with whom John in nssoointed in business, had a standing offer of £100 for tho first who made a break of 1000 on ono of their tables. As the matoh betweon Roberts and Diggie was played on ono of theso Roberts oan claim the £100. Of course, the game was said to bo for £200. All exhibition matahes aro playod for that sum nowadays. Tltoro is no stnke or purso at all. Tho men play merely for tlio gate, unless Roberts hires his opponent by the week. That it no reason why tho matoh Bhould not be sqn are all the aame. The Catford Cyeling Olub held a meeting at the Loudon County Club's grounds ou 5tb May, at whioh they lind eome professional races. Those proved rather failures, and did not please tho spectators, beeause the paoe tvns poor tilt the final spirt. T. James, of Cardiff, won ft mile race, nnd tliero was a team race . of ten miles between four Frenoh and four English men. The latter were — Edwards, H. Sanson, Lttmedehnnd Jnmcs. Tho visitors were— Far- man, Dumond, Spake and Meliue. Duntond en mo in first, Edwards,, second, Melius third, and James fourth. ' Our lot soored 17 to the others 19 points, and so won, but tho French men had vary bad luok in getting shut out or shut in. I do not think that the Cycling Union or its ol.ubs aro goittg to do muoh good in pro fessional raoing. Thoy had muoh better have eft it alone. 