CONCE4' ANb SOCIAL AT f. BUXTON. One of .?ose pleasant and homely. entertainnm its followed :by a social which are nvariable so enjoyably in the country villages, was held in the Buxton Meianics' Institute on Friday evening Z.a1 As the object was a laudable opn, viz., the augmentation of the building fund of the Institute, a hearty and iberal support was accorded by thei piuUic on all sides, while. the managenie+, who are deserving of the hiihest codoliments for the complete ness of theirrangements made in..con-. nection therewith, spared no trouble or pains to cafr for the full and thorough enjoyment .)f their patrons, and the hon. secreta-y (Mr. E.. Nichols) is cer tainly to b~credited :with much of the success whidi attended the undertak ing. All 'the ladies and gentlemen who so kiniidly valunteered: their valuable assistance and talent. tomake the' entertainment 'so pleasurable are also entitled to the congratulations and hearty .thanks of those who had the. opportunity of being present on the, ogcasion. A 'large. contingent frdmn Healesviile journeyed- to the...festive. scene, .while' visitora--from all the surrounding districts also lent -their presence with the double object of en joying; themselves . and aiding a most deserving 'cause. I A really excellent programme of vocal and instrumental music was.provided for the delectation of the large audience. which assembled, and this was followed by 'an exceed ingly well performed and most laugh able farce entitled " Barnum's Ball," which fairly.:" brought down the house," and reflected great credit upon those who .took part in it. Without eulo gising the. performers of the evening too highly,. we must certainly say that each and all acquitted themselves in a most creditable manner, and the efforts ..of the vocalists were :so thoroughly. appreciated that almost every singer had to reappear in re sponse to the vociferous encores of the audience. , The hall and stage were" beautifully. tdecorated by the Misses. Kidney, Eiherwill, and Treherne, and too much praise cannot be given these ladies for the tasteful and artistic man ner in which they performed this part. Mr. E.:Nichols acted as chairman, anid ran through the programme as quickly as possible. The first part commenced with a pianofore solo by Miss F. Webb, pleas ingly rendered in that lady's usual graceful manner. Mr. Cubbins. then sang ' Good Company" very nicely, after which Miss A. Kidney madelher first, public appearance with "Fid'fle and I," and gained a vociferous encore. Mr.: T. Robbins had the house with him in ".Hear the Wild Winds," an for ea .well merited encore rendered" Killa loo," and'icreased'his popularity. Mr. W.. Hay came next with a song called SThe Magpie," and for an encore gave a song the.name of which we did, not get. M. MrT. L Barton, who is always a' 'favorite ..with a Buxton audience, was 'heard -to' great advantage in "'Beautiful Isle of the Sea,"' and received a well de served' encore. Messrs. T. and W. Robbins, duet, "Two Mariners Bold," was the-gem of the evening, and they: had to repeat the last two verses to appease the.audience. Miss -Webb-ex celled herself in her song, " Thy Face,"" and the encore she reteived was 'fairly' earned. , Mr. A: Patterson, in "Strol ling Round the Town," .was quite at home, and had' to respond to an encore. "The Englishman,". by Mr. Cubbins, was in this gentleman's usual pleasing manner. 9' Lea's Love Song," by Miss Kidney was very much appreciated, and. the audience insisted on an encore. Messrs. J. Kidney and W. Robbins in "The, man 'that broke the bank at 'Monte .Carlo" and parody fairly took the house with them. A piano duet by Misses-M. and F. Webb was well rendered, and brought the first part to an end..'?. M.isses Kidney, Barton, and Webb accompanied the various singers. 'After 'a short interval, the mirth provoking :farce entitled "Barnium's. Ball," was-put on the stage, in which Mr. T.:Robbins sustained the principal character:as Jeams- Squash, the ticket taker, and'during the forty minutes he occupied .the stage he kept the house in roars. of laughter by his extreme drolleries.and comical antics, pleasantly surprising'theaudience. Mr. A. Nich ols as Joe Punch was very creditable, also Mr. 'Hay as Joe. Squash. ' Mr. Craig made an fficient masher, and Mr. J. Kidney an impetuous Richard III,, while Mr. W. Robbius. as Ban quo's Ghost, was very effective. Miss A. Kidney made an excellent dairy maid; : Miss Kidney as Kitty' Punch was very piquant, and showedl that she was poksessed of dramatic powers which wouldido credit' toa more ambitious r61le.. Mr. E. Nichols, the Hion. T. Bar num; Mr. F. Nichols, Fiddler. At the close of the entertainment the .hall was cleared, and dancing merrily indulged in till early morn. During the evening dainty, refresh ments were provided and everything made as hospitable and comfortable as any one could wish. .Excellent music was provided by Mr. Alfred Sparke (accordeos) and Mr. Sparke (pian), while Mr. W. Nichols, of Healesville, made an efficient M.C. Thus was con cluded ose of the most pleasant and successfu:l entertainments ever held in SBuxton. 