Spooks Discovered. CATCHING A GHOST. We (Evening Ncwsy havo just ro cMved information that a fatal dis covery has «one far to dissipate the spook mania under which Sydney, or a small section of Sydney, has of lato been laboring. Without going into names and par ticuli.i-9 of placo it may be well to KiCait UUlt UlulU illivu uueil vuuuiiamcu lately to certain cnrefully convoked persona visions of a female spirit — the spirit of a little black girl — and of a male bearded spirit. These mysterious beings ' materialised ' under certain strictly prescribed conditions. Tho person who could summon them from the vast deep retired into a cabinet, shielded from vulgar gaze by curtains ; the lights were turned down very low ; then the expectant ghosteers joined hands and sang. Then the ghost (generally tho litlle feminine ghost) appeared, and indulged ia the un ghostly, but very feminine, antics of eating chocolate creams and distribut ing flowers. These thiDgs were pre ceded by certain rappings — the recognised mode of communication of the spirit world. The spectators were always advised that an attempt to seizn the ghost would be injurious to the modium who was in a trance behind the curtain — a shock to tho medium's nerves. On Friday, two sceptics, who had attended several seances with a view to investigation, made an attempt to seize the ghost. It succeeded. It was injurious to the medium's nerves. But the medium was not in a trance behind the curtain. The medium was seized. The medium had on a black mask and white drapery round the linnri Tlia morlilim WflR Imi'pf ftnt.Pfl . The medium's shoes and s!ocking3 were behind the curtain. Behind the cur tain also was a blaek false beard and a shawl. Since these events there has been a meeting. Tho medium wants more seances under conditions. The inves tigators want no more ; they are con vinced that the whole affair is a liumbng. A statutory duclaration of the above facts lias been sworn. Tue Case op Martha Needle. — The case of Uartha Needle, who is laying under S'ntence of death, was considered on Tuesday in connection with the peti tion presented by the Howard Associa tion for Penal Reform asking that the death sentence might not be carried out. In view of the fact that the petition dis closed no new facts, tho Executive decided that the law must be allowed to take its course. The sentence will be carried out on Monday. 