OLD GRIDLEY S GHOST. The Strange Story of the Loss of the " Oro Fino." "Why, Dunham, what's the matter? How your hand trembles ! Are you sick ?" " No ; not exactly." " What ails you then ? Speak out, man. Have you been seeing a ghost ?' "To tell the truth, Maggie, I do feel a little nervous this morning. 'I haven't : tnade a trip these twenty years that 1 dreaded like this." "Seen Old Gridley again?" "Yes." "Fshaw! I thought that wa3 it. llaven't you seen him a dozen times be fore and nothing came of it ?" ' " This time he had his sextant." All this was at the breakfast-table. Dunham was mate of the Oro Fino , ' mak ing tri-monthly trips between Portland and San Francisco. He had sailed thirty years, been rouAd the world twice, been captain about six years, but lost his ship and couldn't get another, and so was glad to be first mate of the Oro Fino. Dunham was in the habit of seeing ghosts, or rather, a ghost, for he never saw but one ; that was old Gridley. Gridley was mate of the vessel on which Dunham made his first trip as a ship-boy. That trip wa3 Dunham's first. butGridley's last. Gridley had a passion for beating ship's boys with a rope's end ; he died in the act of beating Dunham with a rope's end ; Gridley was taking an observation with the sextant, and, as the boy was passing with a bucket and swab, a sudden lurch of the ship threw him against the mate. Gridley seized a rope's end, ahd was belaboring tho boy soundly when a boom, providentially left loose, struck him and knocked him overboard. Ever since that, on numerous occasions, Dun ham had seen Gridley's ghost— usually with a rope's end, but sometimes with a sextant. He had never been able to see any particular fatality portended by the vision with the rope's end. He had seen it a dozen times ; and on some occasions, his best luck had seemed to follow the apparition. Not so when the ghost with the sextant appeared. He had seen this only twice — once, the night before he fell from, the foretop ana broke his leg ; the other time, the night before his ship was cast away. Last night was the third time. He had awakened and found himself lying on his back. The room was perfectly dark ; it wa3 also perfectly still. Dunham could see nothing and could hear nothing. Nevertheless, he felt that something or somebody was in the room that ought to be out of it. He also felt a draught of cold air. Dunliam was no stickler for ventilated apartments, and had carefully closed and locked the windows before re tiring. The air could not come from the windows; neither could it come from the bed-room door, for that opened into tho sitting-room just opposite to a window, and if the' door had been open ho could liuvb seen the window. Despite his natural courage, Dunham was frightened.: He raised himself on liis elbow very cautiously. He looked about the 'room ; he could see absolutely nothing. He reached over to where Maggie, his wife slept — she was there. He moistened his finger in his mouth' 1 and held it up. He could then sensibly feel' the draught of air ' coming from the foot of liis bed.. He got up and struck a light. Looking over' liis shoulder as he did so; he saw, at the foot of his bed, old Gridley. It wouid do.no good to 3hout loud— hi3 wife would only- laugh at him. He had often; waked lie'r- up to lock at the ghost, but- she professed never to soe it. It would do no good -to' could get over the bar by tailing the north channel. While the firemen were getting up steam, Dunham ran over to his friend's house — it was ouly a few steps— and bade ! Joey good-bye, and told him to be a good boy and mind his mother, and gave him sundry other items cf good advice wliich" I fear the young scapegrace did not attend to closely, being engaged in the very amusing game of See-saw with the little girl of the house. By three o'clock the ship was fairly under way again. By five, she was safely: over the bar. and had put her pilot aboard " a steamer which was Waiting on-tlie out side to enter. The captain having been up all the previous night, went to his cabin and turned in for the night. The passen gers were all either sea-sick or chilled by the cold wind, and had gone t'c their rooms and into the cabin. Tho wheelman, by ordera from Dunham, made out Cape' Dis appointment and Tillamook Head, and took his ranges from them and put tho ship on her course/ He had only time to do this when a fog rolled up so dense that even the light on Capo Disappointment could scarcely be seen. Dunham assured himself that the ship was on her right course by going into the wheelhou3e anil looking for himself. Having done this, ahd knowing the coast perfectly, lie felt pretty safe. He was a little ccnf used and nervous, however, and so he went down to the cabin and overhauled his charts, and read the sailing directions just as though he had never made the trip before. He seemed to be all right. "Bring your vessel in range of Cape Disappointment and Tillaraook Head, and then put her about south by east." He had done this fifty times before, and had come out all right. To be sure that no mistake had been made, he climbed up to the wheel- house, and ' quietly asked the man at the wheel how he had got his range. He an swered promptly and satisfactorily. Every thing was according to' orders. So Dunham cursed his nervousness, and walked back to the smoke-stack. The wind had gone down with the sun, but a heavy sea was running, and it was as dark as Tartarus. Dunham paced the deck for half an hour, then went below to get his cloak. Being chilly, he went up ,to the hurricane deck and sat with his back to the smoke-stack. Being nervous he lit a cigar. Being careful, he: walked forward to see how things '.vere moving. He thought he heard a distant roar. He listened and could hear nothing; He walked back to the smoke-stack. In ten '> minutes he came forward again.' " He' thought he heard the- roar of surf. He called to the man at the wheel ; . " Abbot !" " Ay, ay, sir." " How does she stand ?' : " Sou' by east, sir." j That was all right ; that was the course Dunham had' put her on. He went to the paddle-box and signalled the engine to stop; Then he called a man and had the lead thro'wn. "Twenty-four. Plenty-, of water," thought Dunham, and stai-ted the 'enc'inc: He then went to the captain's cabin and knocked. The' cap tain did not hca. the tir3fc time. knocked again-. : " Who's there ?" " The mate." - The "c;ipt'am opened a port near the head' of his berth, and' asked him what the matter was.--- Dunham reported. . The captain told him it w all right ; that it was foggy, .and t V . of the - surf . with such a sea on r.-. ; ; j wind could be heard ten miles. L = i.iam rather thought so, too, and wc a away. Daring this parley, and while the mate stopped a few minutes to look after things below, the ship had made more than two miles headway. By the time Dunham got on deck again - the roar of the surf was frightful. He fairly screamed at the helmsman:: "Abbott!" " Ay, ay, sir." " How's her head ?" " Sou' by east, sir." Amazing ! Dunham ran to Hie paddle- box and jerked a signal. The engine stopped. Then he rushed to the captain's door and called him out in the name of the gods. Both flew on deck. There was iio mistake about it ; there were the breakers not half a mile ahead, judging by the sound, thundering and boiling against the shore. Dunham had almost run the ship's head on shore, and that, too, when she wa3 holding precisely the same coarse by compass that he had put her on fifty times before. The captain roared : " What's her course ?" "Sou' by east, sir." " Put her sou'west." " Sou' west, sir," echoed the man at the wheel, and the wheel spun round and the chains rattled. The captain rushed to the signal-bell and started the engine, and got the ship under good steering head way. Scarcely had she started on her new course when a scraping sound was heard and felt — then bump; bump, bump, as though the ship had been lifted up and set down hard three times ; then a crash and a sudden stop that sent the enptain and mate on their faces, and brought the smoke-stacks crashing through the decks, and snapped off the topmast like pipe stems. The ship had struck a sunken rock, and began to fill at onco. Who got to shore, and how they got to shore, matters not. It is the same old story. - The news spread on wings. Men came and dragged the swollen corpses of their friends out of the surf, or dug them out of the sand, or identified tliem in the shed, or paced the beach day after day looking out on the remorseless sea that sullenly clung to its dead. The captain and the wheelman, Abbott, went to Portland together — Dunham they never found — and there they talked over the strange affair and exhausted all their ingenuity in vain to account for the loss of the ship when on the right course on a still night. When the wrecking-tug was ready, they went out' to the wreck. It still hung on the rocks. The bows wei- high out of water. The two men climbed > up into the wheel-house. They unscrewed the compass-box from its fastening and brought it on shore. , There they opened it, and lifted up the card and needle, and there lay the little instrument cf death — a broken knife-blade. The handle and the rest of the blade were in little Joey Dunham's pocket. He had tried to pry out the glass, to see what made the cad swing around so when he held his knife by it, and in doing so bad -broken the blade. He concealed his mis chief and stole away. 