; 'f- 0 FROM ALL QUARTERS. ' MASS FOB, LA.WYEUS. In accordance with an ancient custom, revived within recent years (says a London papier, Oct. 27), the Catholic members of the legal profession inau gurated the commencement of Michaelmas Term on Wednesday b}' assisting at the celebration of a Votive Mass of the Holy Ghost in the Chapel of SS. Aneelm and Cecilia in SardiniarStreet, Lincoln's Inn Fields. Father Fitzgerald was the celebrant. Among those present was The O'Clery. Mr. Sant !ey took part in the rendering of the music. A similar custom obtains in Paris, la messe rouge — so called on account of the colour of the vestments worn — being celebrated each year to inaugurate the labours of the Palais de Justice. A I-KENCII MACMAHON. The death is announced of Marquis de MacMahon- grandson of the elder brother Of the late Marsha1 MacMahon, Due de Magenta, at the Chatteau de Sully, Saone et L--ire, aged 27 years. DEATH OF VISCOUNT MONCK. The death is announced of Viscount Monck, who held the position of Governor- in-Chief of Canada and Governor- General of British-America in 1861, and inaugurated the Dominion. He resigned his position in 1867, and in 1871 was appointed a commissioner to carry into effect the provisions of the Irish Church Disestablishment Act. Viscount Monck succeeded to the Irish peerage in 1849, and was created a peer of the United Kingdom in 1866. He was born in Tipperary in October, 1819, and was thus in his 76th year. .' ' THE SPY ALLEGATIONS. M. Hanotaux, the French Minister for Foreign Affairs, has called upon, the German 'embassy to express regret for the attacks made by some of the Parisian newspapers, imputing to the embassy the encouragement of a system of spies in France. The explanation offered failed to satisfy the German Ambassador, uount jammer, ana ne compiainea very seriously of the disgraceful charges made against a friendly power. SALISBURY AND THE i. HOUSE 01? LO11DS. i The Marquis of Salisbury contributes an article to the current number of the National Review on the positionof the House of Lords and the attitude of the Goyernment towards that Chamber. He says that the recent speeches of the Earl of Rosebery as to tlie intentions of the Government show that they wish to enthrone the House of Commons as absolute sovereign in legislation, and to; create a conflict which will last for generations. ! .?. . A BOLD WAGER. I Paul Jones, an American journalist, recently won the following bet at Boston. He undertook to begin life again naked and penniless, to make a fresh, living, to travel and to economize 5000 dol. All this 'in the course of a year. He began his career without clothing by cleaning boots at the public baths; Then as an interpreter he got a free passage to London. There he sold papers. Next he wrote for papers. Then he lectured and saved his 5000 dol., and lastly returned to Boston to pocket his bet of 10^000 dol. more. I-'-''--' , a SNUB POli GILBERT. Mr. \y. S. Gilbert, 'the greatest living English humourist,' telling his recent experience of a lady interviewer, says :— ' A lady who styles herself the Comtesse de Brempnt, wrote to me asking to allow her . to ' interview ' me for St. Paul's. As I was unwilling to jilace myself at the mercy of the good taste'ahd discretion of this lady (who is known to me by repute), I replied politely — but evasively — to the effoct that my terms for an interview for publication were 20 guineas. This morning I re ceived the subjoined : letter 'The Comtesse de Breniont presents her compliments to Mr. W. S. Gilbert, and in reply to his answer to her request for an interview for St. Paul's, in which he states his terms as 20 guineas for that imvilege, begs to say that she anticipates the pleasure of writing his obituary notice for nothing.' ' 