ECHOES. (By "Sooki>.") What a wonderful tbing a dream is ! ff1f a lifetime sometimes compressed into a second of thought ! There is not the slightest doubt in my mind that dreams are often accompanied with the j>ower of foresight, and one of the most notable insta.ces of this has been brought under my notice by the Revd. O. Pickering. It appears that our worth? Baptist Minister bad, when a boy, a great liking fur the sea, and l<ke many others before bim, ran away from borne in order to gratify hi taste. On the first night the vessel in which be had embarked was anchored off the town of Sbeemesr, and he had a dresm. He dreamt that he was preaching a sermon in that t wn during the progress of which lie had occasion to reprove two young meo for nVsebaring themselves. This dream, he having brea leiigioualy trained, made a pro found imprrfcsion on his mind at the time, but in the harry skurry of every diy life, was for gotten. Time passed and be resolved upon training for the position of a minister of the Gos|>el, and his first call came from Chatham. He bad not long filled the pulpit there, wh<n his brother roini-tr st Sheerness invited him to exchange pulpits for an evening. Hi? con sented, but bad no sooner began the service in the strnnge church thau it seemed to him he mustbAve be ntheie before; nothing seemed new o him, y«-t be could not recall to mind having evt-r previously b-en in Shvernrss. The service progre-sed, and the tenn-»n had been commenced, when ' he noticed two young men imsconducfrog themselves, ceas>d speaking, then, after a short paue, reproved them. H« bad oo sooner done so than the dream of long ago again recurred vividly to bis mind. That was the v< ry church he had dreamt about, tbe very incident predicted in his dream bad oc curred. What rendered this all the more mysterious was tbe fact that it was com paratively a new church, and its erection had not wen been coutmplated at the time of tbe oc.urrence of the dteam. I have been able to tell a few stories recently about Mr. Fiank Allan, particulars of which were gleaned from himself, but here is a good one be did not tell me. Some time ago as the train was passing th tough the rich com try that lies between Omperdowo and Warrnambool a talkative old lady took ber fellow passenger into her confidence about a small furnished cottage she bad recently inherited, not far from Warrnambool. Having described tbe cottage and the furni'ure she went into cutachs over the pictures (doubtless taken from illustrated papers) that bad been left on the walls by tbe previous tenant. There wrre port aits of tbe Queen, of the Duke of Wellington, Bismarck, General Booth, of otbr 6oldiers in unifo'm and she added, " There is one of Frank Allan in white with a bit of ft woman's shawl round his waist." A mischievous listener h-te suggested, 41 You mean In bis pjamas." " Oh ! is it, by jaber?, you call bis uniform, well now I thought it was mighty different to the o'hers, and who, can ye tell ra», is Frank Allan ?" Such is fame 1 The good lady had lived years in that di-trict but did not know who Frank Allan was. In comp »ny with many others I was both gratified and surprised at the consistency with which tbe M«carthar district bowhrs kept on tbe wickets oo Saturday, aod can easily under- : stand that on n rough ground Camerou would be alm<st unplayable. The bowling being , hacked op by o unusually numerous field, the scoring for a long time was ve>y slow, but I niust compliment F. Mercer, W. Melville snd K. Smith on tbe brilliancy of their hitting. The unselfishness displayed by Melville in retiring nfter making 53 in order that h;s comrades might enj -y some bitting is also worthy of all praise. For tbe visitor. Albert Melville showed vastly improved form as a batsman, con pared with what he used to be in his college days, but would feel more at his ease were he to take 44 leg and middle," as he appeared to be weak ou the leg stomp, and, in practice get bowlers to, as oft?u as tbey can, send the ball down to between his toes and the wickets. Hi 24 was the outcome of vigorous batting. Cameron also seamed l»kelv to score well when be was given out by a doubtful decision, by the veteran umpire, many thinking the ball, caught by tne bowler had t-uchei ground after having the bat. What a fuss i beiug made about the distri bution of some property io Melbourne by means of the art union ayt-tm. As the rght of tbe Crown to interfere is to be red-ted iu a court of law, I must be cautious or they may bile me b fore the 44 beaks for contempt of court. In the 44 good old days " they were not so particular, and the community was, from a commercial point of view, fir more moral than it ba»? been of late years. Talking about 44 ait ur.i 'us," reminds me of the R'-v. Father Farrelly, who was about the best baud in tbe days of which I speak in getting up a lottery that ever 1 met. He it was who raffled a horse named ' Pannikin " for sometbiug like £400, the horse being s ld some time after in a ral-- yarl for under £10. In those days, t -o, I had my only ruu of luck. In partnership with Sub-In«pec?or M'Namara, who, by the bye. was as b -ndfiome and as good a fellow as ever I met, and to whom, having left the fore ye<»n ago, the story can do no harm, I took two tcketa in a big sweep on the Melbourne Cup. When I say a big sweep, I do not mean one of Millet's " but one in which the drawer of tbe first horse got something like £100 and of the second £50. With tbos-j j tickets we drew Warrior and Th Monk, the wii.ner and runner-up. Oar next success was Kimblefoot, Subsequently two sweeps were arranged, the drawer of first horse in eich to win £50. One was in connection with the Midsummer Handicap, the other on tbe Stc p!echac. Taking one ticket in e-ich sweep we again managed to draw the winners. Since then 1 have b en in hundreds of sweeps, but toy ill-luck has been almost proverbial. I had almost forgotten to a4d that io the Nimblefout sweep there wir« two draws. We d'ew Nimble- fo0r the first tun, and congratulated ourselves that owing to some blunder the sweep had to he drawn over again. When fur the second time we drew Kimblefoot, we were mercilessly cbaff»d, »s it was not supposed the horse bad the ghost of a show, butafter≪ we had the last laugh. It is Ffttiefactory to note that the opinion expressed in tb's column about tbe pugilists of the. present day is fully endorsed by no less an authority than the London Standard which, commenting on 44 The Modern Pugilist," says : — " There athletes have beoom altogether too expensive f' r even the wealthiest and most fuolish of the admirers of tbe 4 noble rut,' especially wheo the paltry exhibitions they have generally given s e taken into account- The National Sporting Club has seen enough of them for a rime, aod refused to offer a purse for the Mitchell aod Corbett fighr. Io the United States common sense seems to be re gaining its sway, and it is to be hoped that in tho ncAr fature the fighting man will be re legated to something like hie proper posi'ion. Say< rs, on of tbe most skilful exponents of bis brutal profession, thought himself fortunate if he received a sum < f £200 for a severe and pro longed fight ; but the present day pugilist s'&nds; out for bis tboosands for a glove contest, which is ra ely of considerable duration, and if he gives sp irring exhibitions demands a rate of remuneration which would mike tbe rooac successful lawyer rnvious. No wonder that he is aob» to take his afternoon drive behind a well-bred boree, or a pair of admirably matched ponies, and that bis 4 tiger' is a marvel of neat ness and correctness His clothes are cut in the most faBhion&ble; 6tjle, and his furs, for which h f has a special weakness, would be oostly even to a millionaire." Thackeray io Vanity Fair has hid down the broad role tba' any woman, however naturally plain and unattractive, has it in her piwer to bring a given taau to her feet, provided she is clever enough to toooh the key note to his vaui y. H«d the gentle satirist proLssed tbe doctrine that the plainest woman most find an admiring slave at some period of ber existence, he would probably hwe been more ©»t-n borne out in the realm of fact. A case in point is furnished me by a correspondent who vouch -s for the truth of the rale. A certain vigneron whose vineyaid «nd enormous cellars in the North Eastern district, are famous all over Aus tralia and in Europe, found the greatest diffi culty in retaining female servants at his place. There were about 50 hands employed by him, and no sooner did a neat banded Phylls or a lightly tripping Hebe he- come thoroughly urefol and adapted to her place, than tbe jovial cellarman or the rough banded bat gallant worker in the vineyard would secure ber young affections, and a wedding was sure to result. Exasperated by the lots of many 44 treasures " of the kitchen and honee, the proprietor at length swore that he would engage the ugliest woman in the world, and happening to cake atrip to Europe he availed himself of opportunities for selection, that journeys in many lands, unfortunately, give lor comparison between members of the sex. It sofius almost a. sacrilege that from the land of Mary Stuart and the 41 lady of the Lake " should have been selected the ugliest woman that t;e wine-grower eonld. find. - Bach. was the ease, however, for be dropped on a female in Edinburgh, who had, unfortunately, lost all of her nose but two disreputable looking i tips at the -end while the eyes looked more than two ways at onoe, and her cheeks were' rugged as the hill sides of her native Scotia. Added to her physio! qualifications for the peculiar position wbiob she was hired to fill, this good spinster bad a temper resembiiog. that of Tam OBhanter'e dame. She did not none It to keep it warm, but biased out at everybody, so that tbe cellarman remarked to his employer after one interview with her that he bad at lBt secured a girl that would never marry. The employer congratulated himself on Jus new treamre, bat, sad to relate, the celiarmao fell a victim to the awful features of tbe lady in the kitchen. Astounding as it EfgmnA tbe sows w«s true, and six months af.er tbe man had jibed at the domestic he was married to her, and the vjgoeron was in search <rf another servant, and oaterrtoing a disposi tion towards 'OLiiimeiooolca and Indian attend ants. 