SPIRITUALISM IN SYDNEY. Some sensation was caused in Sydney by j the publication of the details of a spiritual stance which ended in one of the ghoBts being seized, and proving on inspection to he the medium, Mrs. Mellon. She had pre viously given sittings in Melbourne, where "Geordie," "Josephine," "Cissy," kc., had been produced before the Psychic Society. The Sydney sitting took place at Woollahra on the 12th inst., in the presence of nearly 20 persons. There was just light enough to dimly show persons and still objects in the room. Mrs. Mellon withdrew into a cabinet Several spirit forms showed themselves, one at a time. The narrative, as sworn to by Thomas Shekleton Henry, of Sydney, archi tect, proceeds as follows:— " We assembled in a double room on the ground floor, divided by folding doors, which were opened and thrown back, and the cur tained recess or 'cabinet' was arranged in one corner of the back room, and composed of heavy dark ^curtains about seven feet long, reaching to the floor, and hung upon a rod or string. A small bamboo table was placed against the wall, about three Feet from the cabinet, and between the last person in the row to my left and the 'cabinet' On this table I placed three clean sheets of foolscap paper and two pencils, the paper having been passed round, examined, and then initialled by me. Mrs. Mellon, after arranging all the sitters in, such places and at such distance from the' 'cabinet'or curtained tecess as she pleased, seated herself on a chair iiwide this curtained recess about twenty-five minutes past 8 o'clock. "After an interval of Binging, the small form kuowii bs 'Cissy' appeared at the curtains, and ms recognised by myself and the other persons present who bad seen previous sconce* as the form known by lhat: name, and purporting to be the- spirit of a email black child who had died some years ago. Theface. which appeared black, was draped round with white material, which feting down to the floor* snd the hands moved about under the drapery. This form bobbed about and nodded its head in the usual childlike manner, never coming away trom the curtains. " Someone on my left (I believe it was Mrs. ) went over and handed the so-called Cissy the usual box of chocolates, which Cissy rattled and proceeded to eat, and a gentleman on my right (I believe it was ) asked to be given a chocolate, and reached forward to receive it. I asked for a choco late, but did not get one. I have repeatedly asked, but have never on any previous occa sion been allowed to approach the so-called Cissy. The chocolate-box was then deposited inside the curtains, and Cissy reached to the little bamboo-table on which were placed the three sheets of initialled paper and the two pencils. The table appeared to be too far away from the cabinet, and her arm in reaching over for it hod to be extended, and I noticed that it was much longer than any arm a child of that height would naturally have. " When the so-called Cissy tried to draw the table closer the two pencils rolled off on to the iioor. " I went over on the pretext of picking up the pencils, seized the form of the so-called Cissy, and found that I had hold of Mrs. Mellon, and that she was on her knees and had a white material like mu6lin round her head and shoulders. I can swear positively that when I seized the form Mrs. Mellon was on her knees. She struggled, but I held her firmly and called for the light to be turned UD. " Someone struck matches, and I then saw that Mrs. Mellon had a mask of black material over her face, the aforesaid white drapery round her shoulders, her sleeves drawn up above the elbows, the skirt of her dress turned up, and her feet bare. She was on her knees, ami I held her in the position in which 1 had caught her. " The matches were blown out, and I was assaulted by two or three men present, Mr. Mellon catching me by the throat and tear ing off my necktie. I never let go my hold of Mrs. Mellon, however, until the gas in the back room was lit and turned full on, and everyone present had had an opportunity of seeing Mrs. Mellon in the position and in the condition in which I had caught her. I looked inside the 'cabinet,' and saw lying I upon the iloor inside the cabinet a false J beard. I called Mr. Royd'nouse over, and lie J picked up the beard, but it was snatched from his hand. As soon as I relaxed my hold, Mrs. Mellon tore the black mask from her face and the drapery from her shoulders, and hid them under her petticoat. "I then entered the cabinet, and found on the floor a small black shawl, 6ome old muslin, Mrs. Mellon's shoes and stockings, and a small black cotton bag, about 9in. j i square, with black tapes attached to it. | I " I did not think it necessary to retain any ; ! of these articles, as so many witnesses i saw both them and the whole proceed-1 ' iups." j j Mrs Mellon states that 6he fell fromi ! the chair in the cabinet, that those in ' the room heard her and thought she j had fainted, but 6he asserts that she | i seemed to shoot into the form of; I Cissie, the consequence being that Mr. j ; Henry, instead of catching Cissie, held her j ! by the arm. When the matches were1 struck the drapery on her shoulders i ! was dissipated in the atmosphere. She was ! subsequently released, when she retired into the cabinet, where two ladies followed her,1 '• and saw that her legs had Income so thin : j that she was unable to support herself on , ■ them. It is alleged in the later stage of the ; i explanation given by Cissie that most of her 1 ! power is derived from her lower extremities, J ' hence their thinness. ! I A " test" sitting was to have been held on : ' the 17th, under conditions drawn up by the : i iSuhday Times, whose representative at-; ' tended the sitting on the 12th. The medium ' ' lapsed into a " trance," did some material ' ising within the cabinet, and the business j went no further. Mrs. Mellon has since | I made disclosures at the expense of Mr. | Henry, stated that he, too, ie a medium, has taken photos, has published books, has pro fessed to co-operate with her, &c.; and she challenges him to produce the articles of clothing which vanished with "Cissy" if, as he says, they were material and not spiritual. 