$sles mi J&etcfors.; 'THE DAY WILL COME.' Uy M. iL URADLOX. Author of ' Lady Audley 'a Secret,' ' Vixen, 'labmael/1 'Like and L'nlike,' 'The Fatal Three.'* && Ciiatteb. XV. (Cantui*ttL) Even that sitting-room of his, which he had ; t-a L--»n some mi'« to Uiake comfortable aii-i I homelike, had a gloomy look after that , bright room in Lanibeth, with its terra -cot ta i walls and cream-coloured curtains, its gaily- ' bonnd boots and vivid V*llauris vases perched in every available corner. He was more interested in that quaint interior, and in the woman who had created it, than he had been in anyone except that one woman who filled the chief place in all bis thoughts. The Vicar of Kettiaford had not over- estimated Sarah Newton's power of fascination. He wu in Wedgewood-street at a few minutes before eight on the following evening. The sky above Lambeth was do lunger ob scured ; there were wintry stars shining over that forest of chimney pots and everlasting monotony of slated roofs ; and even Latimer road looked lively with its coater's barrows and bustle of eventide marketing. Theodore found the door open, as it had been yesterday, and he found an ertra lamp npon the tirst floor landing, and the door of Miss Newton's room ajar while from within came the sound of many voices, moderated to a. subdued tone, but still Lively. His modest knock was answered by Miss Newton herself, who was standing close to the door, ready to greet every fresh arrival. ' How do you do? Weare nearly all here,' she said cheerily. ' X hope you b&ve; not just been Hining for with us tea nieans a hearty ip*^|. und if you can't eat anything we shall feel as if yon were Banqoo's ghost. Sou do yon do, Mrs. Kinby,' to another arrival. 'Baby better, I hope? Yes, that's right How are you, Clara ? and you. Rose. You've had that wretched tooth out — I c='i sec it in your face. Such a relief, isn't it ? So glad to see you, Mrs. Dale, and you, Maria, and you Jenny. Why, we are all here, I do believe.' ' Yes, Miss Ken ton,' said a bright-looking girl by the fireplace, who had been making toast indefatagabiy for twenty minutes, and whose complexion had suffered accordingly. *' There ore two-aad-twenty of us, threeand twenty, counting the gentleman and you. I t hint; that's as many as you expected. ' 44 Yes. everybody's here. So we may &a; well begin tea.' In mo6t assemblies where the intention was to benefit a humble class of guests, the pro ceedings would have began with a hymn ; bat at Misa Newton's parties there were neither hymns nor prayers — and yet Miss Newton loved her hymn- book, and delighted in the pathos and the sweetness of the music with which those noble words are interwoven ; nor would she yield to anybody in her belief in the efficacy of prayer ; bat she had nude up her mind from the beginning that her tea parties were to be pure and simple recreation, and that any good which should come out of them was to come incidentally. The women and girls who came at her bidding were to feel they came to be entertained, came as her guests, just as, had they beer duchesses, they might have gone to visit other duchesses in Part Line or Carlton Gardens. They were not aslced in order that they should be taught, or preached to, or wheedled into the praying «f prayers or the singing of hymns. They went as equals to visit a Iriend who relished their society. And did not everybody relish the tea, which might be described as a Yorkshire tea of a humble order ; not the Yorkshire tea which chick?n and champagne ? 1 nit tea ad under stood in the potteries of Hull, or the humbler alleys and streets of Leeds or Bradford. Three moderate-sized tables bad been pur together to make one capacious board, spread with snowy damask, upon which appeared two large plum loaves, two tall towers of bread and butter, a glass bowl of marmalade, a. bowl of jam, two di*QC3 of thinly -sliueti -jermaD sausage set off' with sprigs of parsley — German sausage IkiujjIh at the most ru*pfcut ai-Le ham and )-eef shop in the Burou^ti, aiid and for crowning glory of the feast a plcuti ful supply of shrirana. 'freshly boiled, havuur iug of the unseen sea. The hot battered toiit was frizzling od a brusa footman iu front of the tire, ready to be handed round piping hot, as required. There were two tea-trays, one at each end of the table, and there were two bright copper kettles, which hail uever been denied by the smoke of tlic litv, till.., I with admirable tea. Miss Nuwtua took \\\kt pUt: .il dm Iw .ul of the table, with Theodore «n her right hand, and a. pale and fragile looking young uonidn on her left. These two a^isted the h-jsteas in ?cups and tracers, suirir ba^iii and crc^iui iuiT : a.ntt in bo iloin;* tiiey lirifj fre»iTieiit. occasion in look at each other. Hating gone there prepared to be interested, Theodore soon liejian to interest himself in this younp woman, whom Miss Xewtou addressed aa Marian. Slio was by no means tjeautiful now but, Theodore fancied that .-,[ie ' had once keen very hand:sorm^ aud lie occupied himself in recoostructia^ the beauty nf the past from the wrwt of the present. The lines of the face w tri: irlasbi-- in tln-ii' regularity, hut tiic hollow diwA. an.l |..illi.l complexion told of care and toil, and the face was aged untimely Wy n hard and joyless \iiv. ? The eyes were darkest grey, large and j pathetic- look ing, the eyes of a woman who , had suffered much and thought much. The beauty of those eyes gavp a mournfu! u^arm to the pme umched face, and the light auburn hair was still luxuriant. Theodore noted the delicate hands and ' taper lingers, which dijfered curiously from the other bands which were busy around the hospital board. I He could see that this voung woman «'a* a favourite with Sarah Sewtou, and he lold himself that she was of a race apart from iho ' rest : but he uns agreeably surprised in tind ling iii.Lt except for the prevatliug CocLih'v \- quite as refined as those ladies of Dorchester , with whom it had been his privilege to associate : indeed, he was not sure thxt he did not prefer the CocfcGey twang and the and slang of the vonngUdtowhoai. 'awfully jolly,' 'Aint it,'' ami ' Don't you Loom.' or at afternoon tea parry. Here at least there was The unstudied speech of people who knew not the caprices of fashion or the latest catch word that had descended from Belgravia to Brompton, and from Bromptnn to t he provinces. There was a great deai of ulk, ad Miss Newton had told him there would be ; and as ebe encouraged all her guests to talk about themselves, he gathered a good deal of inter esting information about ihe state of the different trades and the ways and manners of vajiotLd employers, most of whom seemed to be of a despotic and grasping temper. The widows talked of their children's ailments or their progress a; the Board School ; the girls talked a Utde, »ud with all modest}', of their eweethearts. Sarah Newton was interested in every detail of those humble lives, and seemed to remember every fact bearing upon the joys or the sorrows of her guests. It was a wonder to Theodore, ro see how the care worn faces lighted up round the cheerful table in the bright Lamp-light. Yes, it was surely to do much to live among these daughters of tnii a.nA to licbteu their burdens by this quick sympathy, this cheerful hospitality. Vast Pleasure Halls and People's Palaces may do much for the million ; out here was one little spinster with her email income making an atmosphere of friendliness and comfort for the few, and able to get a great deal nearer to them than PhQantropby on a gigantic scale can ever get the many. Theodore noticed that while most other tongues babbled freely the girl called Marian sat silent, after her task of distributing the tea was over, with haudfi folded in her lap, lisCening to the voices round her, and with a soft slow smile lighting her face now and then. In repose her countenance whs deeply sad, and he found himself speculating npon the history that had left those melancholy lines upon a face that was still young. ' I am much interested in your next neigh bour,' be said to Hiss Newton presently, while Marian was helping another girl be clear the table. ' I feel sore there must be something very sad in her experience of life, and that ahe has sunk from «. higher level. ' ' So do I,' answered Miss Newton, ?? but 1 know very little more about her than you do, except that she ib a most exquisite worker with those taper fingers of has, and that nhe has worked for the same baby-linen bouse for the hist three years, and lived in the same second -floor hack in Hercules' Boildingu. I think she is as fond of me aa she can be, yer she has never told me where she was born, or who her people were, or what her life as i*een like. Once she went so far as to tell me tii&t; it had been a very common-place life, and that her tronbles had been in nowise extraoidinary — except the fact of her having had a very severe attack of typhus fever, which leit her a wreck. Once from come chance allusion I learn that it was in Italy she caught the fever, and that it was badly treated by a foreign doctor ; but thai one fact is all she ever let slip unawares in her talk, so carefully does she avoid every allusion to the patu I need hardly tell you that I have never 'juestioned her. I have reason to know that her life ior the last three years has been spotless, an irj shc is charitable aud kind without stint to those who are poorer than herself. This id her to make a friend of me in evtry way in my po»-er.' 'She ia happy in bavin'* found suc'i a friend, an invaluable friend to ii woman wlio Yes, 1 Oiiiik I 'have Ijm.i a comfort''^ her. nearly every day ul (be Free Library, aud ?.-Dough air aud e\ercL«. She spends all the in reading, list I lake her for a walk no»- and then, and 1 think ihe enjoys that. A pennorth of the Iran. ear t-anies us to Battersca Park, and we can stroll of the river.' SI.' i» Letter off than null of the girls iu tin- way of -ettin- a litlle rest after toil, for that 'line, Ilelieale nuotlcwurb of Wd pays l.ttui than the umin.uii run ..f work, and she is the.,uiekest worker 1 know.' The talilen were eleared by this lime, and spate had been uiitde for thai 'nalfeiide round the lire of which Mis*1 Ncwtou liud tpoken on the previous ni-ht. The younger «irt brought hassoeka and million.-, and M-led themselves in ll»: front rank, ululc their elders sat in I he ouu-i ro* of uiiair.-. Xheodore wa^ now i^iiUrd upon to cxuitrittute took a book front hia pttekel. '? You told me you and your friends were fond oi creepy stories. Miss Newton, ' lie said. 'Ii thai really w-:'° ' Really and truly. ' 'And you are none of you alili'.l.-d with j made an(3ltnfondJi[e liy the meniory ol a ^ ' No. I think that with most of us the cares ' of life «ire too real and too absorbing to leave i my rooto in our ipindft for iinairinary hotTC-* I Lsnt it su, ii«», iiiendv?' [ ' Lor, yes, Miss Xewton,'1 answered one of 1 the prls briskly ; ' were all of ua too busy to worry about ghosts ; bat I lave a ghost story | for all that.' i A chorus of voices echoed thi-j assertion, . ' Then, ladies, I shall have the honour of ! resdinc the * Haunters and the Haunted,1 by I'RulwerLyttou.1 1 The very title of tbc *Lory thrilled them, ' jipil tlie whole party, JuaL uoiv so uoi-^y with ' --.vz''»' talk JJid iruulicut Liu 'liter, SJ.C Ijruuth Icss, looking at tliu rciiiief with iivvu-stricken eyes as that wunJcriul story slowly unwound itself. Theodore rea.J well, in that subdued and semi -dramatic style which is best adapted io chan.ber-readiu-. He fell, what lie road, j.ud the Uorrur «f the ii\i-i.^iu.i,ry yvuc was vividly before hi^ eyes as lie rca-l. Tbc readiu- lasUnl tww hours, but il was audience, and thei-' was u. si^h of regret wbea the last words of tie story liiul beeu apokeo. ' Well,' exclaimed one young lady, 'I do such a ghost LaJe as that,' »aid another; 'and doii't the geutleniati read beautifully, aud doo't he make one feel as if it was all going on in this very room, and the dog too * There, I never see such a thing * A puor Jog to drop down dead, like that. 11 1 did hope that there dog would cotne u- at the end,' said one dauj^L By way uf diversion after the story Miss Neyrton opened tfie piano, beckoned three of tl»e girls over to ber, and played the symphony of ' Blow, Gentleftales,' which old-fashioned glee the three girls sang with taste and discre tion, the bass part being altered to suit u female voice. Then came some songs, all of which Miss Newton accompanied ; and then at her request Theodon; read again, this time selecting Holmes' ' \\\ onderful One- Horse Shay,' jfhich caused much laughter; after which the little clock on the chimney-piece having struck eleven, he wished his bostess good-night, selected his coat and hat from among the heap of jackets and hat_s on a table on the landing, and went downstairs. He was still in Wedge wood -street when he heard light fooute{.s i-nmin^ quickly behind him. It seemed to him that they were trying to overtake hini1 go lie turned aud met die owner of the feet. ** I beg your pardou, sir ; forgive me for following you,' said a very gentle voice, which he recognised &s; belon^injj to Llie girl called Marian, *'? I wanted ao ninch to speak to you — alone. ' ' And I am glad of the opportunity of Bpeaking to you,'^ he anaweretl. ' I felt par ticularly interested in you this evening — there are some faces, you know, which interest us iu spite of ourselves almost, and I felt that I should like to know more of yon.' This wa£ ko gravelv said that there tvas no possibility of an offensive comatruerion beinj^ given to the words. 'Yon are very good, sir. It wai your name that struck me,' she answered, faiter ingly ; '* it is a Dorsetshire name I think.'1 ' Yes, it is a l-orsetsbire name, and I am a Dorchester man.' 'Dorchester,' she repeated slowly. 'I wonder whether you know a plaee called Cheriton ;' ' I know it very «reU, indee.1. A kinsman of mine lives there. Lord Cheriton is my ' I thought as much, directly I heard your name. You must know about that dreadful ' Yes, I know about as much of it as anyone kuows. and that U terv little' ' They have not found the murderer *' she asked, with a faint shudder.' *' No, nor are they ever likely to find him, I lielieve. But tell me why you are interested in Cheriton. Do you eomc from that part of the country 7' ' Yes.' ' Were you born in Cheriton village ?' 'I was brought up not far from tbrrr,'sbe answered hesitatingly. He remembered what Miss Neuron had told him of her owu forhearance in askiog questions, and he pursued the iniiuirv no further. ' * ?? May I see you as far as your lodgings?' he said ktudly. ' It will be very little out of my uay.' \- Ko thank you, Mr. Ualbrook. I am too want any escort. (iood night, and (hank kindly.1' ''''' ''''''?''' ''! '!?'»''''» -« He held out his hand, and she could not refuse lo shake hands with hint, 1ml her manner showed dUiiicliu&lion; to prolou' the interview, and Bl,e walked ;.«ay with hurried steps which carried hei suillly int'i the dark ?? 1'oor lonely soul,' he said lo himself. She u .'?? rt»iuTy ol a'ral.k Il«,'v,'^'a .-ot'tl'''^ daoghttr, ali.l with lluw hands of hers H i, elear she l.as- never l.e, ii iu ,l.,me-u.- -..Tiict Not far from Cheriton? 'hat may that locality. 1 mu»t ask LidyVheriK^aboui' her the next time lam at the Chaw.' j 