SHREDS AND PATCHES. (By Argus,) There are some members of Parliament who consider their first duty as represen tatives of the people is to look after ? Number One,' and this about sums up the political creed of the Deloraine Diogenes. His first esaay as a parliamen tarian was to try to make a bargain witn the Premier, the price of his support being a promise that the maximum land tax should not be more than threefar things, and because the hon. Henry refused to purchase voteB, he crossed the floor of the House. Then he tried to get the Probate Bill shunted and got beaten hands down, despite the fact that he was backed by Wellington and Westbury, both of whom are ' agin ' anything in the shape of. taxation, and whose programme may be summed up in one word — ' drift.' Why does not Diogenes take his seat on the front Opposition benches 1 for as the true man comes out by degrees it is evi dent his posing as a Government supporter is simply a sham. I wonder how his constituents like him in his new role. It strikes me that there would be little difficulty in securing the names of sixty of his followers to Bign a petition to resign as he promised he would, but if they think there is any prospect of his dolDg so their faith ia him is more child- like than mine. Nothing short of a charge of dynamite will shift him now he is there. The member for Oressy — 'King Dan'— thus far has acted with wisdorr. since his re-election. Last session he was up and d«\vn ia the Assembly like an irritating jack-in-the-box, this time, however, he appears to be lying ' low on the weather bow.' CresBy has evidently arrived at the conclusion that the House of Assembly is not the Westbury Municipal Council, and that there are one or two people in the world besides himself and that veteran warrior John Millar, who are desirious of having a say occasionally. At the Westbury Council gatherings until re rcently, Dan and John did pretty well all the talking, while the other members as a rule slumbered peacefully along, but since they have had Charley Allen amongst them, discussion has not been so one sided. Charles is pcsaessed^of a peculiarly inquisitive disposition. He wants to know the why and the wherefore of things, aod if information is withheld he raises brimstone and pitchforks until it is forthcoming. He is a straight-goer himBelf, and! likes everything affecting the public in teresr to be open to the light of day. Sometimes he gees astray and starts barking up a wrong ,'tree, but we are all liable to do that occasionally. However, there is one thing I would like to Bee Charlea do, and that 1b to worry King Dan, John Millar, Myles Mahony, and their following until Westbury is cleansed, and the various hotbeds of dis ease and death swept away from the township. Give them no peaoe, Charley, until they realist) what cleanliness in a town means — do this and your name will certainly be handed down to posterity as that of a local benefactor. 'How are the mighty fallen !' Lane the high-aouled regenerator of mankind ia already dabbed 'Lane the Czar,' by some of his once enthusiastic admirers for many of those who a few months back were prepared to fall down and worship him, now consider him the embodiment of iron-handed tyrrany and are sighiDg for their homes in capitalist-ridden Aus tralia, where at least they had plenty to eat and a shilling in the pocket, and had no need to ' tarpaulin ' their last coppers to pay a boatman to row them ashore. It mast have been a bitter disappointment, as day by day the scales fell from their eyes, and illusion after illusion vanished. The rosy picture they had indulged in was but the veriest of daubs after all, and although they were prepared to encounter hardship, it was the sheer despotism that accompanied it which broke them down. Failure was widely anticipated, but few indeed imagined it would be so sadden and evidently so complete. The ' Ballahoo Mare ' formed a topic for animated discussion in the Assembly some years ago, and the genial member who was mainly responsible for the matter being brought so prominently forward, fought out his case gallantly to the bitter end. At lenerth the House erew wearv of the unfortunate animal and her troubles, and an honorable member drew the atten tion of the speaker to the fact that valu able time was being wasted, while bus inesB of importance to the community at large waited. ' This Ballahoo affair like the brook, Beems likely to 'go on for ever ' Sir/ he explained. , ' there should be a finality to it.' ' Misther Speaker, Sorr,' contended the popular advocate of the mare — peace to hia ashes — in reply, ' Me honorable friend is quite right ; there should he a. finality to the affair— if only for a toinie.' The incident I related in last week's c Shreds,' illustrative of peculiar inter jections during the courso of dramatic performances, has recalled to mind a couple of similar occurences. A fourth rate travelling company occupied the boards of one of the Ballarat theatres during the 'golden fifties,' and one night no less an effort than a production of that light and airy trifle yclept ' Hamlet ' was put forth in order to attract the nimble shilling to the managerial coffers, The actor originaly. cast to represent the ' buried majesty of Denmark, ' almost at the last moment ' gave up the ghoBt,' and a substitute had to be provided. The only one handy was the property mac, a Mr Patrick Murphy, who,from long association with affairs theatrical, had a smattering of the lines of many of the characters inci dental to Shakespeare's plays. Accord ingly, Patrick, who rejoiced in a Milesian brogue thick enough to pave a road with, was installed aa the representative of the troubled shade who — ' In complete steel, Revisiti'st thus tho glimpsea of the moon, Making night hideous. ' It appears that a number of Patrick's countrymen hearing he was to enact the Ghost that evening, determined to assemble in the gallery of the theatre and ' help the bhoy along,1 if necessary. In due course Patrick made his appearance on the stage and encouraged by the flatter it) g reception accorded him by the occupants of the gallery, proceeded with his lines ' Oi am thoi father's ghost.' He had gotthus far when one of his most enthusiastic supporters in the 'gods' broke in approvingly ' faix an' shure it's the moighty foine ghoat that ye are Mr Patsy Murphy.' Patrick, however, failed to take the interjection in the spirit intended, so advancing to the footlights and shaking a ponderous fist at the gallery he roared out ' I know ye Micky Fiaherty, and I'll punch the blankedy blank head av ye whin I get ye outaoide ' — then proceeding with the lines — ' doomed for a certain terrm to walk the noight,' he concluded his opening speech. Fitzgerald's Circus had a triumphal ^ march through the country districta des pite the much talked of bad times. In Tillages where tradesmen bemoan the fact that they cannot by hook or crook induce creditors to part up, simply because the aforesaid creditors ' havn't got it ;' where entertainments got up in aid of worthy looal objects attract a paltry £5 worth of people — in these places the circus waB supported to the tune of cloae upon £100 per night. 1 certainly do not begrudge the Fitzgerald Brothers their good luck ; they are enterprising fellows who work their hardest for every shilling they earn ; bat it really does appear as if the perpetual cry of ' dull times ' in the country had a considerable percentage of humbug in it. In one township on the North- West Coast I was told a decidedly astonishing story. A number of residents in the locality being short of ready money, were sorely puz zled as to how they could raise the ' wind' necessary to waft them within the canvas walls of the circus. At last a happy idea struck one of them and soo» spread like the proverbial wildfire among the remainder : They had a certain amount of credit at the stores on the township, and this they determined to turn to advantage. Tea, sugar, flour, candles, and other goods were purchased ?n credit, and afterwards disposed of at half price to neighbours who happened to b9 possessed of a sufficiency of the need ful to secure the bargains offering. Tans was the money raised to defray the cost of admission to the circus ! Talking of the circus, I remember hear ing of a somewhat humourous incident that v occurred in Melbourne during the course of a matinee performance given by one of 4-l«S«NA HmMM^A. l-k«W*%4«* Hn^^tTTM Written- tlM iiituae uiuiiBtur uiyyiu buuwb muiuu 110 quently visit that ' marvellous ' city. During a lull in the programme, the following dialogue conducted in that peculiar shrill tone adopted by boys when communicating with one another from a distance, varied the monotony of the pro-1., ceedings. (Preliminary shrill whistle) 'I say, Jack !' (Voiee away in the distance) ?Hello !' Where's Bill?' 'He aiut 'ere.' ' How's that? 'Why the blesBed little fool went an' swallyed 'is tanner in the crowd, an' the bloke at the door wont let im'in.' A few years ago a well-known religious ? ' orator was accustomed to warn young men suspected of insufficient ballast, At the same time his own promissoiy-notes were n the market for share speculations. sgAn experimental shipment of .about 400,000ft of timber for wood block manu- ; facture is to be Bent home by the Govern- , ment. , , .; n 