THE ■ MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUNRAVEN. BY JEAN MIDDLEMAS, \- Author of “A Girl in a Thousand,” “Staled by a ICiss,** etc. CHAPTER XXX,—(Continued.) The subject of the beard was not pursued, Sir Clement had got his wife's consent to its being grown, and that was all he wanted. Still, sne was too ranch taken up with her letters to think of anything but them for the moment. «* They will be here to-day, ClQIn,’, she “ By ‘they’ I suppose you mean Elvira and Xady Marcia ?” “ Exactly. I am so glad." And the exoitement she showed about the matter quite verified his hope that with the arrival of her two intimate friends new life wonld be infused into Lady Gertrude’s prostrate frame. # i This to an extent made him forget his tronfale about the spectre Singleton that he knew might start up at any moment like Banquo’s ghost, and trouble the seemingly oven current of his days. Thus the little exoursion to the Greek Chapel was much mors lively than might have been expected, and by the time they re turned to the hotel the drive through the sweet, balmy air and the fragrance from the woods had certainly done Lady Gertrude ^°The travellers bad just arrived when they returned, and the,greetings were most affec tionate, though naturally tampered with sad ness, as Lady Gertrude's trouble had fallen .upon'her since her friends had left home. Elvira Delane had quite recovered her spirits, and Lady Marcia, notwithstanding her supposed ailments, had never lost hers, so the dinner which Sir Clement had ordered with much care was dono ample justice to, and though Lady Gertrud? sa:d she was very weary, and wonld be glad to go to bed, she was not allowed to brood. The cheering regimen which Sir Clement Jhad for some time pa it been prescribing for her in his mind had began with a vengeance. Would it prove of lasting efficacy, or fol lowing the fate of many another regimen •that has gone before it, would the test be too severe for her slender stock of strength. It seemod almost like it, for by th‘o time they allowed her to go off to bed her vitality wa3 so completely spent that she nearly Tainted when she tried to walk across the room, and Sir Clement had to carry her to her own apartments. .Lady Marcia snook her nesu anxiously as aha saw them depart. ■“ Alas, ala3,’' she said, “ where is onr hccnio blithe Gertrude of long oyne 'i Oh j for the days that are gone." ’ “ l’hey will roturu, at all events let us ' hope so,” said Elvira. “ Clement aoema de voted, why should they not be happy? "When I thought he loved another woman I doubted that they cculd ever be so, but I think we maligned him—I believe Gertie is his only love ” Lady Marcia shrugged her ehouldors. “I don’t know what it all means," sho said. ’‘It is beyond you and me to fathom, but thero is something very quoer about Clement, and in consequence about Gertie. "Whether she knows what it is or not 1 can not make out, but whatever the trouble, it is . killing her.” “ Oh, Lady Marcia, do yon not think that it is sorrow over the baby's death that is making her ill, and with time sho will get over it, as others bavo done before her ? ” “ .She was quite as queer before the baby died, and as for him, cau anything ho stranger thau his ways r He gives you the idoa of a man who is always expecting a bailiff or some police official to tup him on the shoulder. Between you and me, Elvira, and with olosed doors, I should have half suspected he had had something to do with poor Pierce Vaughan’s death if ho had not •been almost as queer before it happened.” “ Oh, don’t," oried Elvira, “ pray don’t go on; I shall not sleep a wink if you put suoh ideas in my head, and I am dreadfully tired.” Ihen, womanlike, she asked, “ What; do .von, .‘xjiVaxIuers'KnoWS ! ' (tot into ttOnio’trnublo before he was married, I daresay, and wbioh be is always suspecting will come out and make a scandal. But here he comes and with a sudden change of voico and manner, .Lady Marcia continued—“ I am sure you will like Wiosbadon, dear, it is Buch a pretty -place, and the right sort of poople are alwayB to be found hero. Seen anyone you know, Olement ?" “No. We have been about eo little, it has been so difficult to rouso Gertie, but I hope she will bo better now you hnvo ceine." I hope bo, indeod. Wo will do our best to amuse her. \Ye have had a very pleasant time—have met a lot of desirable people." “ And some very undesirable ones," put ia Elvira. “Oh, that gocB without saying. Well, even the undesirable ones have their advan tages ; they often amuse you and ciroulato jour blood by making you laugh. That oddity who proposed to you ou the platform of the railway station, lor example." “ The wretch 1" “Hullo, Elvira, have you had a pro posal?” asked Sir Clement, forcing himself to take an interest in their conversation, though his thoughts were elsewhere. “ You did not accept him,- I hope. What wilt Berkeley say?” Elvira did not answer, bnt she colored np and looked keenly at Sir Clement, as though, seeking to find out how much he knew about her relations with Sir Miles Berkeley. “ And then there were those queer people who arrived at Basle t'uo night before we left. A burly nenh-country parson and an invalid Neither could spoak a word of any language than their own, and yet they were both fussy ■and loquatious. If Elvira and I had not como to the resoue, madame would havo gone supperless to bod, for, no one in the hotel would havo understood that the 1 do bccut ’ could possibly mean ‘consommo.’ " Sir Clement laughed ; still, ha lookod and felt very uncomfortable. “ I thought they spoko English now in all the big hotels,” he said. “ So they do, but the big hotels wera full, .and wo wera all in an annexo with raw servants unaccustomed to English people. And the discomfort that particular couple would have experienced without our assist ance would, I think, have made them return homo without delay. Oh, it was funny. I hope we shall see him again. No gave mo his •sard. I wonder what 1 did with it p” ’ She felt in her pooket and prodneed a small ease, from whioh she drew the object for which she was looking— Rev. Abel Singleton. “ There it is ; look at it, Clement. Suoli a name—Abel. He lives up to it, too, for ho looks liko an antediluvian animal.’’ Sir Cloment took the oard, which trembled in bis fingers. So they were at Basle. Ho was glad to know their whoreabonts ; attll, it was a shook to learn chat Lady Marcia and Elvira had boenin direct communication with these dreaded people. “ Wo tried topersnadothemtocomohore,” went on Lady ftlareia, “ by telling them we were Bure it was jaac tbo place fornn invalid, but thoy were so bent on Switzerland that wo could not .move them.” ' How thankful Sir Clement wan that thoy wore immovable, wlio shall say? Still, it was no pleasing contemplation that these intimate friends of his wife's might any day receive a communication from the only man who could shed that light on his past life whioh must inevitably ruin him in the eyeB of everyone for whoso, opinion ho oared. Above all, with Lady Gertrude. Thus thinking of her, ho threw Mr Single ton’s card hack to Lady Marcia and aBked : •‘How do you think my Gertie is looking '^better or worse than you expected f ” ■ / Lady Marcia, with her’usual bluntneas, answered straightforwardly: “ Worse. If you don’t take care, Clement, .she will slip through your fingers. I can’t think what on earth it is that has worried her into this condition — bat L suppose you knowf” ..... “ Is she worried P’ “Com©, come, man* don't pro tend-—of coarse ehe is worried. Do you and ebe havo disagreements in private? Vou will eay that is not my business; but if anyopo given mo the idea of au unhappy wife, it is poor, dear Gertie.** . “On my honor, Lady Slarcia, we nave never had a word of disagreement iu our lives. We aro always most affectionate. If Gertrude i3 worried, the cause is unknown to me, except, of course, the poor baby s death, and that is a sorrow, cotaworry. T ** She was worried before the baby died. I was saying so to Llvie only just now. Naturally, I thought you knew all about it. “I assure you I know nothing, i^ver since I married her I have made strenuous endeavors to do the best I can tor her, ana to keep her as much as possible from everythin? that might annoy or vex her. 2\or aa I think she is worried, but I fear she is ver} e i j °aAnd eo savin?, he laid his head on tho table ou his folded lianas, and his whole frame shook convulsively. Elvira got up and went to him. “ Uood old Clement,” she said, “don t take on ; we must oheer up Gertie, and she will be all right. Sho can’t go on fretting if there is nothing to fret about." He did not look up, bm he took one of his bands from under his head and held it out to “If" ever anything should happen to me yon will bo good to my Gertie, you and Miles Berkeley; eh, Elvira?” She did not answer for a moment, ine coupling of her name with that of Sir L.iles Berkeloy startled her, but she pressed Sir Clement’s extended hand. Then she tried to toss the subject from her. “ Why do you talk like that to frighten oDe. Nothing is tho matter with you. It is Gertrude who is in clanger, not you.” “We never know where danger lies,’’he answered. “ Only promise me you will look after Gertrude.” “Of course I will, but for goodness sake don’t let us havo any more dismal conversa tion to-'night. We talk about horrors until we imagine they really exist.” “ Yes,” said Lady Marcia, rising. “ Let us go to bed, and get up iu tho morning prepared to enjoy- this delightful place.’ And eo they left him, both thinking they had discovered where the mischief lav. Sir i Clement had soma mortal malady, r.mi Lady Gertrude knew or guessed of it. Ay, so he had, but not of the sort they sus oected. If Singleton followed him up and chattered out the most ghastly past, there would be nothing for it but suicide. Wa3 that to be the end ? he wondered. And how selfish an end 1 Mas he tc die for.bis own seliish pleasure as he had lived, leaving Lady Gertrude all alone to bear the brunt ol the revelations that would he made ? Hanger for Gertrade. What did Elvira mean by danger to Gertrude? Did she think she was going to die ? His Gertrude to be taken from 'him, ns the child had been, as everything ho loved in life would be taken in punishment for bis sin. With Gertrude’s death the avenging an get must stay his baud, as, cams weal or woe, it would bo all the same to him then—Singleton might say his say, iha law might do its W When morning dawned Clement Dcnraven was still sitting there thinking out the pro blem of the future ; nor was he aroused from the miserable contemplation of what might one day nappen, until Lady Gcrtruuc herself, in a long, whi to, trailing gown, stood on ihe threshold of the door, so ^tart.ing him by her spootre-liue appearance, that the elroug mar. cried aloud iu fear. 