RELIGIOUS NEWS. Methodist Uwion of Aobtbalia.—The United Method iit Free Ohnrohee comprise the Wealeyan Methodist Association end Reform Bodies, which amalgamated is 1857, and during tha next thirty yean the membership wee doubled. The denomination ia strong in the midland and northern oonntiaa of Eng land. It has 428 miniatera, 3,350 local preacher*, 78,913 members, and 3,130 on trial, 1,364 Sunday-schools, 205,148 eoholare, and 1,409 Churches. It haa miaaiona in the West Indies, Obina, and Africa, and the missionary income last year was £21,172. Tbebookroom receipts last year were £6,671, and the profits £605. An effort if being made to raise£20,000 toward the Theologioal Institute, and nearly £14,000 ia already subscribed. The Rev. W. Red fern, of this Connexion, made an appeal to the President of the British Wesleyan Oon ferenoe at the Ecumenical Methodist Con ference to initiate a movement toward union, and there followed a gnat outburst of_union sentiment, which will make the greet Ckmferenc* f am oris. The denomination has Ohurohas in New Sooth Wales, Viotoria, Qnesnaland, Tasmania, and New Zealand. It bad a few Ohnrohee in South Australia twelve years ago, bnt has none here now. The Ohnrohee in the other oolonies have taken a foremost place in the movement for Methodist Union. At the late English Oonferenoe the Secretary read a letter from Mr. Wallace," the Ohapel Secretary of the denomination in Australia, asking that the signature of the President might be attaahed to oertain docu ments empowering the Free Methodists there to haod over all their property to the Cbttroh that will be formed if the proposed union of all the saotionsof Methodism is accomplished. The Rev. E. Bowden said they could eoaroely sanotion this transfer until they knew the basis of union, but he moved that, to avoid delay, the Oonoexional Committee be invested with authority to grant the request from Aus tralia if the ooinmittee thought that the con ditions of the amalgamation were satisfactory. This was carried at once and unanimously, and thus the Assembly in a sense put its seal to the prinoiple of organio Methodist Union' The Bishopric of Adelaide.—The Ad ministrator, has instructed that the following prayer shall be used in the Diocese of Ade laide previous to the oall of Synod in connec tion with the election of a Bishop:—"O Almiehty God, grant, we beseech Thee, to tlwm-mbersof the Synod of this Diocese the inspiration of Thy Holy Spirit, that they may have a right judgment in the eleotion of a Bishop. Save Thy Ohuroh from all diatraion and party spirit, Bnd so gnide the minds of the clergy and laity, or of those to whom the appointment may be entrusted, that one may be ohosen who, full of the Holy Ghost and of wisdom, of power and spiritual gifts, may faithfully serve Thee in biB stored office to the glory of Thy name and the edifying.and well governing of Thy Ohuroh. Hear as, O Heavenly Father, for the sake of Thy deal Son, Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." 