'We that are Strong.' A NOVEL. By Esme Stdaet. Author of ' J oan Vellacot,' ' Kestell of Greystone,* ' Muriel's Marriage,' ' Virginie's Husband,' &c.;, &c.;, &c.; Chapter XVII.— THE NEED OF FIREARMS. That night Inez could not sleep. She had been dining at the Whitewoods, and she had been very, very happy when Basil had brought her heme. Every day she seemed to lean more upon him, and find out some new strength in his simple, straightforward charac ter. He saw no fault in her, an-T was so supremely happy that even the future possibilities could cast no shadow over him. What indeed could happen which would cause him pain ? Inez might be ill but his care and love would nurse her back to life ; they would not be rich, but they would have enough to live in comfort, leaving a margin for pleasure ; Basil laughed the future to scorn. He was looking at the sun aud it sent all its broad streak of glory across the pathway of his life. Basil never for a moment guested the tumult of his mother's mind. He would have been inexpressibly shocked had he known that she was suffering, but even had he known he would not have understood it. If Inez had some queer ideas, well, most girls had them now ; it was because they were allowed to dabble in things not fitted for the feminine mind. Iu a year or two she would be like other people, iu fact as good as his own mother, whom he looked upon as a saint. That his future should give her sleepless nights, would have been quite past his com prehension. Had he been like some he had heard of, and some he knew who married divorced women or worse, or had he been leading a wild life, he would have understood some of the depth of her sorrow ; bat to bs grieving because he was going to marry Canon Haybittle's granddaughter, a beautiful girl who was clever and good, all this was not a grief Basil could possibly contemplate. Inez alone was conscious of the breach, and she knew it more from intuition than from any definite word or action on the part of Basil's mother. On this Christmas evening, the little family party had been, to outward appearanees, quite ideal. Canon Whitewood was moBt courteous, and most kindly affectionate towards his son's future wife ; he' ad mired her beauty, which was not a difficult feat. Mary was gentle and smiling in answer to Basil's . appeal to sympathy, and he, as usual, was the life of the party, so that when Inez could forgeit Mrs. Whitewood's presence, she, too, laughed and chatted, for youth was fast reasserting itself. The very atmosphere of such perfect love dimmed Marie Ilirsch's cold freezing ideas and loveless dogmas. Marie, by the way, had heard of the engagement, and had answered that if Inez could find happiness in marriage, she was glad, but that she herself did not hold to that popular delus'on. She believed that the great cause would some day welcome back Inez as a recovered disciple, adding, 'Those who have once tasted the intense delight of working for others can never agaiu find happiness in these quite unimportant joys and successes.' Inez felt painfully that she was a backslider, but she did not for one moment repent of her decision. On th's very Christmas day evening the lovers had made plans innumerable. Inez would help Basil wi'h his paper work, she was practicing writing a clear, bold hand ; she tried to make it manly looking so that no one should know it came from a woman's pen. She was secretly copying Basil's hand writing, but that she did not like to acknowledge even to him. ' Basil, there is and never has been such love as yours.' she said, as the last kiss was given, not without some fear of the presence of a late passer by, mingled with a feeling that the house bell must bo rung and Hunter must soon appear. ' You don't know anything about it, my sweet one.' ' Oh no, but— I don't believe there is.' ' That is a very good belief to hold — now you will catch cold,' and he rang the bell, his own wishes never coming before his thoughtfulness for others. ' Basil, do you know that ? ' A step was heard aud the old butler was upon them. ' That what?' The door opened, it was too late to say more. In the solitude of night as the Cathedral clock struck the hour of two through the silent Close, Inez said to herself. ' I wanted to tell him that I would die for him, does he believe it ? ' Her joy seemed slowly killing the remembrance of that other face, except when, at rare intervals, she felt a sudden moment of anger and scorn for herself and him. How was it she had done that thiu&, and how, was it she had not died of shame at the whole transaction ? She had fancicd she had loved that wretch, she was a silly girl, who had not known the measure of love. How was it ? Suddenly she heard a dull sound as if something were falling. The dining-room was below her bed room, what could be happening there ? She sat up in bed and listened intently again ; she fancied there were steps moving about, 'and certainly it was too late for any of the servants to be up. What person was walking about at this time of night ? Then she heard another faint souud of moving, and this time she jumped out of bed, and very quickly she lighted a candle. Inez was by nature very brave. Unlike Hetty, she beiiwed that cowardice ought not to be excused in a woman any more than in a man, and now that she felt convinced that someone was in the room below she quickly reviewed the position. Unless it were any of the household, an intruder in the Close could come for no good purpose. Her grandfather must not be frightened, nor Hetty, for she would scream at the bare idea of a robber. Old Hunter was sleeping at the back of the house, so he could probably could not hear, what should she do ? What was best to be done ? Again she listened, and again she caught a faint sound. She went on dressing hastily, but as quietly as possible ; and* when she was ready she opened her door and tried to think what next she should do. She did not dare hold a light, but closing her door she crept down the stairs and paused ou the landing. Here she no longer doubted that someone was in the house, and the idea came at once to her mind — ' Basil will help me.' If she went through the kit chen she could go out through a small door opening also out into the Close, and there she could run across the grass to tho Whitewoods' house. With softest tread Inez descended the stairs, and turned off down the passage leading to the kitchen. With sonic 1 difficulty she undid the door and entered the kit chen, with its pillars soaring up to the groiued roof, in the strange semi -darkness of waniug moonlight ; then, feeling safe from fear of being overheard, she undid the small door and found her self in the open air. To run across this part of the Close, dart quickly under - the arched passage, and 111 another mmnte to find herself at the Whitewoods' house did not take long. : Here, how ever, she paused for she felt that she ought not to wake up the whole household. She knew which was Basil's window, so picking up a few pebbles she threw them against the window pane. Anxious and breathless she waited a few instants, then Basil opened the window. At that moment Inez felt safe, if an earthquake had suddenly convulsed Helstouc, s':e would uot have been afraid. Basil was there. _ 'Basd — don't be surprised, it's me, Inez. I'm not a ghost but there is someone in our house— and I didn't want to frighten the others, and old Hunter is worse than useless if I did wake him.' ' My dearest ! You axe here alone —can you wait, I'll come in aminute.' 'I'm not afraid, 'I'll wait, don't wake up any body.' Basil shut the window and hurried into his clothes, then hastening out of his room he was running down stairs when he paused and retraced his stops. He had better tell his mother, he thought, so he knocked at her door. Inez waited in the porch ; waited with that happy smile on her face which did not belie her assurance that she was not afraid. Basil was certainly not long, and when he unfas tened the dcor he had a small revolver in his hand. ' All right, Inez, 'darling. Will you goiu? My mother will be down in a moment,' ' Did you tell her ? I told you to tell nobody. There was just a shade of annoyance in her voice. 'I thought it best. Wait here, and_ I'll go cd. Iu the dining-room, you Eaid? — the little d-.or is open ?' ' I'll go with you.' Inez spoke decidedly. ' No, please don't. And, besides, my mother is coming.' But Iuez was already hastening back to her own home. Bis il, of course, followed. ' Make haste, Basil ; I am so afraid about Hetty ; she is bo nervous. Suppose Bhe woke up.' ' You have courage enough for her, but — ' 'It's all right; but, oh, Basil, look! what's that?' There was the sound of footsteps upon the gravel, and some dark shadow was visible. ?' The Close gate is licked, I shall have him,' said Basil, and rushed away from Inez. She stood still and wondered if she should follow, but Basil would not like it. Then suddenly there was a sharp report and she hesitated no longer. When she reached the gate which filled up two arches across a narrow passage she saw Basil standing there alone. ' Darling, go back, there may be another of them, but it's so annoying they have escaped. There was an accomplice with a rope ladder. I must run to the porter's lodge and get the keys, it's too annoying on these occasions to be locked up, but do go back to my mother.' , Inez turned, but at the same moment Mrs. White wood joined them— she held a lanthorn and looked deadly pale as she raised the light. 'Oh, Basil, what is it?' In spite of herself Mary's glance fell coldly ou Inez, aud Inez noticed it. 'Iuez will explain,' he said and ran off to the porter's lodge, unfortunately at the other end of the Close. ' My dear child, you should have sent Hunter, surely it was not necessary you should come your self.' Inez felt the stinging colour corns into her face, but the shadow hid it, and she answered coldly : ' I must go home and see that no one is awake.' Mary's repentance came quickly, she felt she had been cruel, and that the cause lay deep down iu her own heart ; she tried to make up but in vain. ' Then I shall come with you, you must be much frightened. Was it really robbers ? When I heard tliat revolver my heart jumped into my mouth, I forg -t Basil had one.' ' Did you Y I shall ask him to give it to me, and iu the future I shall not disturb anyone ; I am not at all nervous or afraid of robbers.' ' My dear Inez, don't say that, we are only too delighted to help you, but I thought—' Mary paused ; no, she would not say anything else, she had said too much already, aud yet sh9 hal believe! that the evening before she had con quered the wrong feeling. She had prayed so ear nestly and now she had failed again had Hetty ran across aud aroused Basil or anyone else she would never have made that remark, or indeed have thought anything but of the courage of the messen ger. Inez led the way through the still opened door into tho kitchen, aud lighting a candle they went to the dining-hall. Here was all confusion, and many valu able tiiugs lay strewed on the floor, but the thief had beeu disturbed. He must have heard the open ing door, or his accomplice must have seen Inez run ning across the close. Ma y could not help admiring the girl's cool self possessioa ; she was nowonly anxious about her sister aud her grandfather. ' I'll just go and call Hunter, aud then we'll go to be3. it's no use waking up the others. Will you tell Basil — ' But Bisil himself appeared. 'I have sent off the porter,' he said cheerfully, 'aul hastened back to~you. Lookhere, mother, my revolver has been of use at last ; it frightened those rascals, but I fear it did not hit them.' ' Give it to me, Basil, in case of future necessity,' sa:d Inez half laughing: but it was not a natural la ugh. ' I know how to use it, Marie Hirsch taught me. ' ' Taught you how to use a revolver,' said Mary, making apoor attempt to lau^h, kuowiqg Iuez would not forgive her easily, yet forc:ng Herself to talk naturally. 41 \es, her br thers taught her ; when she was a girl she came in for revolutions or strikes or some thing, and she kil'ed a man once.' ' My dear ! how shocking ! Basil, don't leave it here.' 'Indeed, I think it is an excellent ide i, mother. If Inez had fired out of the window the rascals would not have ? ' 'I need not then have come to call you, Basil,' said Inez with a covert meaning which Mary under stood too well. ' I'm glad you came, but here is Hunter.' Ten minutes later the mother and son walked home back through the Close ; nothing more could be done. The last words Inez said were : 'Leave the revolver, Basil; I'll put it in this old table drawer here in the passage. Nobody ever goes there, do they, Hunter?' 'No, miss, it'll be safe enough, and best tell no one, aud they won't meddle with if.' ' Good night, dear. Do go to bed aud rest,' said Mary. ' Good night, Mrs. Whitewood,' answered Inez coldly. Chapter XVIir.-AN OLD FRIEND. Too late for love, too late for joy, Too late, too late ! You loitered on tiie road too long, You trifled at the gate. ' Charles !' '? Yes, my dear.' Mrs; Findlay lay on her couch near the fire ; some fur rugs wore heaped around her aud black lace was airangedina becomiug fashion about her -head and shoulders. ' Christmas time is over, thank God !' Canon Findlay had fouml several notes on the hall table, and he was opening them as he stood by the tea tabic. One of them was from the Dean to tell him that Canon Ha.ybittle being still confined to his room, it was' most important that he should attend the nest meeting of chapter. There was au applica tion for some of the Dean and Chapter land, and a good price was offered, which the Chapter would have to consider ; also, some Christmas gifts were to be distributed, and the parochial clergy had sent in. their lists ; they evidently thought the' Chapter was no better than a relieving officer ! Just as he had finished this note, his wife's words penetrated his brain. ' Christmas-time was over, thank God,' and he actually smiled at the strange combination of sentiments. His smile was not caused by inward joy, however, but rather from a feeling that worldly affairs were pressing him unduly, aud that the one who might have helped him was — No, he would not argae all that out again, and he reso lutely put away the thought. The Calendar has left no space for such silent martyrs. ' Why, my dear ? ' ' Well, you know one is expected to be merry about nothing. I must give a party. Look in your pocket- book and see what day you are free. If you appear for a few minutes that will do. - He obeyed, but the pages were well filled. His onj ^ wish was for work, it was one happiness ; if the spiritual home centre was denied him, at least he could labour on in the Master's vineyard. Now and then he wondered whether such work was acceptable but not often ; he knew that if he let go of that support, he should be stranded. ' Next Tuesday I am free for two hours, dear, but that is short notice, I fear.' ' I'll arrange it. Inez shall come and help me. ^.he has taste and she is strong. I shall get Sipnora Buttina to come down from Loudon aud sing, and she always brings a man with her.' ' A man t ' said the Cauon absently. ' A tenor, and they sing duets ; but the visitors never unuerstand a word of the songs.' ' ' Wouldn't it be better to have somebody who sings English ? ' ' Oh no, Charle6. English people can't sing. If I could get Inez to sing now, with her beauty and all, she would make a sensation. The child has a lovely contralto and doesn't even know it, but it is not highly trained.' 'She is in mourning. Of course you can't ask her.' 'Sow stupid this etiquette is! Well, I must think it over.' ' And I must go and write my letters. Have you got any to go to post ?' In spite of himself Charles Findlay came over to his wife's sofa and bent over to kiss her. 'Please don't. My lace is so easily deranged, and visitors may come in. Yes, there is a ring at the door.' The Cation laughed a little and hastily retired. The laugh was meant for himself ; how could he be such a fool as to forget each last rebuff so easily. Then he put the whole question aside and plunged into his voluminous correspondence. From that hour Mrs. Findlay's fluctuating health revived wonderfully, and the next day she wrote a note to her 'dearest child, Inez,' to come over and help her ; she had not seen her for years, or so it seamed to her. What had she been doing, how triste she must be, and the weather. Ah ! the frightful English weather, which was enough to bring on her migraine and which had made her lately quite an invalid. Would sweetest Inez come and hear a little secret ? Hunter brought in this note at tea time the first day Canon Haybittle came out of his room. He sat by the fire lcoking much older than formerly, but smiling kindly when his granddaughters waited upon him. The mantle of old age appeared to have been wrapped round by invisible bands and with it a blunting of the edge of ali his old dogmatic asser tions. There was something pathetic iu. this, so thought Tnez, who remembered her'many impatient thoughts about her grandfather She was actually sitting on the hearth telling him aud Hetty once more about the robbery. Hetty could not forgive her sister for not having called her up. ' And you actually ran over to the Whitewoods ? Very courageous of you, I am sure. Hunter says the thieves took very little away with them,' said the Cauon. ' Inez, how brave you are. I could never have done all that. I believe you would have fired a revolver if you had had one.' ' Yes, certainly I should. It would have served them right.' 'But before this happened the hero of romance appeared. I am sure Whitewood was equal to the occasion. An excellent fellow, if you were not so young.' ' Grandpapa, I am not young, and if you call Basil excellent, I shall give him up.' ' Why, my dear? That sounds a little — flippant,' but the Canon's lips parted into a smile, the remem brance of a long, long passed romance came back to his mind as the scent of a flower may waft back a sweet reminiscence. As for Inez, she looked younger and more radiant than she had ever done before, since her return home. Basil's daily letters were in expressibly tender and loviDg, he seemed able to deliver up the secret of his deeper feeling more easily on paper than by word of mouth, and the vista thus opened before her taught Inez more than his personal love and worship could ever have done. ' I am not good enough for him,' she thought each day, but each day the love grew stronger and she felt the pain of her own unworthiness less. She was merging herself in him. He was willing to take her as she was and to love her for herself. There is no greater revelation on earth than a good man's love for the woman of his first choice, but these revela tions are rare. Hetty rejoiced so deeply that her beloved Inez had at last a lover and a good time, that she too seemed to grotv younger and happier, and to flit about the house like a happy butterfly. She even began to think her own thoughts, a thing she had never attained uuder her aunt's supervision nor yet after it, so strong had been the tradition of that ruling influence. It is very seldom that auy nature can expand properly when ruled by a very much more powerful mind than its own, and thus a vast practice of silvery continues in the human race, whose members outwardly shrink from the ugly word. Every day Inez went to see Mrs. Whitewood. They both talked of Basil, and Inez tried to render little services to her future mother-in-law, but tbe gulf between them was fixed. They planted it with a hedge of common laurels to hide its depth, and took care not to peep over the barrier, but there it was and both knew it. On Mary's side, however, she would have given worlds to be able to clear away all hindrances and to love this girl ; but the little rift could not be filled up by an effort of will. Two were required to do this, and one of them refused. Inez could not forgive. With the young passionate feeling of injury, she could not forget that Mrs. Whitewood distrusted her, and thought her not good enough for Basil. So that the little stone Mary had laid as a foundation of her distrust was now a high wall. Such walls are not easily battered down ; only an earthquake can lay them low ; but then such a convulsion may accomplsh the work in a few moments. Kut to go back to that pleasant scene in the Close House when Hunter entered and said, with his usual air of master of the ceremonies, imperfectly expressed by his appearance of shakiness, for age had advanced steadily to greet both master and man — ' A note from Mrs. Fiudlay for Miss Inez.' This particularising of his messages was Hunter's way of giving his leave to any event which might occur. He had not given his leave to the robbery, aud was much displeased by Miss Inez's behaviour, so tbe subject was not discussed before him. Also, as'no trace of the thieves had been discovered, he began to disbelieve in them in spite of ocular demon stration of their labours. ' Mrs. Findlay wants something,' said Hetty, laughing. Inez laughed too. Mrs. Findlay appeared to her .now to Leof so little account. Her one hope' wa6 that she might not discover her secret, though Hetty did 6ay Hunter must wonder at the daily letter ; hut theu Hunter always kept his own counsel about the affairs of the family. He knew his place. ' She wants me to help her about a paity.'' ' To- day ?' ' Just to run over and see her. Will you read to -grandpapa, Hetty ; here is the place ?' Inez rose from her place on the rug, and Hetty, glancing up, thought how very beautiful happiness had made Inez. Utterly devoid of jealousy, the elder sister loved beauty for its own sake, and to note her sister's striking looks gave her intense pleasure. When she followed her to her room, she said-: - - . ' Oh, Inez, you are so pretty. You ought to marry a duke. You might have done so if you had beeu out in society ! Mrs. Whitewood is right ; you ought not to engage yourself so young.' ' Hetty, where did you learn all that nonsense ? A woman loves, or doesn't love, and if she doesn't know her own mind ? ' ' You want a big sphere, as people say now.' ' I shall have it wheu I share Basil's work with him. Oh ! Hetty, you don't know how I am look ing forward to helping him and being helpful to him. There will be some real use in one's book learning then.' ' Of course you like that idea, but I should not at all care about that sort of thing. I should be quite contented to look after the house aud see that my husband had nic3 dinners. I shall have to marry au invalid.' ' Well, if you do, h3 must be a very nice invalid, dear. Now I'll go and see what Mrs. Findlay wants of ms. How many weeks is it before Easter ? If j only we can keep it quite, quite a secret. Hetty, j mind you do. The trousseau can be got all at once at Whiteley's or somewhere like that.' ' I should like to have it all made here, but if one began making dozens of things, of course people would find out.' 'Of course they would. There, I'll not be long/' This conversation was trivial enough with that happy triviality which happiness brings. It was because the girl's heart was so full of light and jiy at this time that she remembered it afterwards. She wrapped her fur cloak round her and stepped out of the house It was cold and frosty, tiiere was a mist in the Close softening the outlines of the bare trees. A long streak of light was visible in the we3t and some stars were coming out iu the east. The lamps were lit and looked pic turesque as they disputed to night the dying shimmer of day. Inez walked very slowly round the Close, which was now deserted for the : afternoon service was over and everyone had gone home to tea. All was very still, peaceful and beautiful, and the giri's heart experienced an overwhelming pleasure f torn the mere fact of being alive, alive aud loved and loving. That was heaven ! Marie Hirsch was r'ght. We made our own happiness and were not the playthings of a greater force. It was only when we discovered this that we learnt to be happy and free. If Ba-il thought differently, it was because of his mother. She had imposed her will upon him, but afterwards — in the future — he would change. ( To be continued.) 