? ? I THEATEE EOYAL. The vicissitudes of -fortune have done much of late years to destroy the prastige of this popular old playhouse. A i)recis oTxhe plays produced on its boards during recent seasons would read very much like an essay on dramatic decadence. Ancient melodrama of the paste board and size variety had no attraction for the great mass of playgoers. It died hard about .three weeks ago, and to vex its ghost by posthumous criticism would be inhuman. On Saturday evening the theatre was .reopened with a ' variety ' show. Mr. Dan Tracey is the enterprising entrepeneur ; and with reduced prices, good artists, and a plentiful supply. of novelties, there is no reason why he should not revive the fortunes of the Soyal. A capital house witnessed the initial performance, j which was, to say the least of it, enthusiastically received. The artists, most of them familiar to ! the Sydney public, were cordially welcomed, and I their efforts met with such, approval that encores | were the rule of the evening. In this respect the I audience showed little discrimination, for some of the items were particularly common-place, while others were wearisome. On tlie whole, however, the programme was a good one, Mr. Percy Shannon makes a genial host, and his corner men include the names of Will j West, Harry 'Crernai*, Joe Ednionclsoii, i Edwin Shipp, Oliver Wilson, and E. Davis, ei^h j and all capable of giving a good account of them- i selves. The entertainment opened with a gor geous ' All Nations' overture, in which a pretty and striking effect is obtained by the clever grouping of the fair ' representatives ' with their picturesque costumes and glittering lights. ' Deep in the Mine ' was ably rendered by Mr. George H. Harper and Mr. Dan Cusack scored a mild success in that comic effusion, ' Comforts of Home.' ' Love's Golden Dreams ' was sung prettily and sweetly by Miss Amy Ken nedy. The mandoline and guitar duet . of the Levy Sisters was a pleasing feature of the bill, and shared the honors with Mr. E. Shipp's 'Pat O'Hara and Mr. R. Davis's ' Laughing Song ' as the most popular items j of the first part. The 'Heroes of Ireland,' song by Pat Eochford had its admirers, and ' Peggy O'More ' as warbled by Will West elicited general approbation. Miss Bertha Fanning de serves a word for her singing of '''My Life for Thee.' Miss Evelyn Harte in ' By the Foun tain,' and Miss Rosa Hegarty in ' Moonlight at Eillarney,' were fairly successful In the second part Messrs. West, Bocheford, Cremar, Shipp, and the Heath brothers contributed their specialties. Mr. Thomas Shaw gave some clever imitations of birds, fowls, and animals. A laughable absurdity entitled ' Hurrah for Casey ' concluded, a satis factory entertainment. The programme will te repeated nightly throughout the week. On Sun day evening the management provided a free concert, which was well attended. 