Theories of Inspiration. The Rev. Principal Cave, in the first of five "Merchants* Lectures," delivered recently at the Memorial Hall, London, on "The History of the : . Doctrine of Inspiration and its Lessons," said, that to establish intellectually the supremacy of the Bible, it is not sufficient to feel or to believe in its inspiration-the true theory of inspiration must be found. That theory, has not yet been discovered, but we are very much nearer tb it to-day than we were a comparatively few years ago. Seven theories have held the field during the nineteenth century. These were :, 1, the naturalistic theory, attributing to the sacred "writers merely special religious ability; 2, the mechanical verbal theory, implying word-for word dictation by the Holy Ghost, a theory held by few express writers on Inspiration, and by no, such writer to-day, though unfairly ascribed to men who hold an entirely different theory ; 3, the plenary, verbal, or dynamical theory, which Pro- fessor Cave called a wholly respectable theory, and merely asserted the original text of the Scriptures to be infallible, without offering any explanation on the mode of inspiration; 4, the doctrinal infallibility theory, the great weakness of which is, that it altogether fails to explain the extraordinary historical accuracy of the Bible; 5, the indefinable inspiration theory, which was really originated by Coleridge, and does not assert infallibility anywhere; 6, the theory of personal inspiration in the reader ; and 7, the theory of degrees of inspiration, which draws a distinction between revelation and inspiration, and on the lines of which Professor Cave believes the true understanding of the question is to be found. Earlier views of the inspiration will be dealt with in subsequent lectures. The presbytery of the Hastings has elected the ïtév. J. Taylor as its moderator for the next 12 months, and Rev. J. H. Terr as permanent clerk. It "was agreed to meet quarterly, taking the vari- ous charges in rotation as the meeting place. The Hastings (says the PBESBYTERIAJST) is a "bearded" presbytery, every member wearing a beard and moustache. Since the inception of the Newcastle Cathedral Building Fund the sum contributed amounts to ¿613,515. Tho cathedral can be completed for ¿25600 if building operations are resumed before June 30. .It is now proposed to borrow ¿E5000 from the Á.M.P. Society at 5£ per cent. Guaran- tors for JE3745 have been Becured, but personal security for the balance is being sought. 