CORRESPONDING K. BIBLE CRITICISM. 7 o the Editor of the Advkktiseii. Sir,—liconomy oi your space precluding discussion in detail, I will merely advert superficially to the objections of “ Veritas.” Guided by her own statutes, his church had uo right to receive the Scriptures without papal authority; expressed either from a general council or by individual bull. Of these documents, however, there is no record till the year 323, up to which date in the Romanist.idea there was no inspired revela tion. The decree of the lust Vatican Council proclaiming that personal papal infallibility had always been and ever would lie the operative essential influence in dogmatic teaching cancelled, of course, the imputed authority of oral tradition and annihilated the deliberations of general councils as far as pertained to their in dependent inspiration. It is true that subsequent to the overthrow of the .Eastern Roman empire a union of n small section of the Greek Church was elfeetcd with that of Rome. It was, however, undertaken for •political objects rather than religious con victions, and proved as unsubstantial as other efforts in the same direction. It nominal recognition of the procession of the Holy Ghost, the doctrine of purgatory and papal supremacy made them Romanists, they became so, but retaining their owu ritual and language in Divine service, and subordinated to their own synods in dis cipline. and not to the dictates of the Pope ; they more assimilated the Greek Church, to which they ultimately returned. The language in which St. Matthew’s Gospel was written is much disputed—it was either Syro, Chaldeio, or Greek—certainly not Latiu, the tongue of the Church of Rome. The title of Jfumbers xvii. in Douay Hiblc asserts the confirmation of Aaron’s priest hood in the budding rod ; the note negatives this statement, declaring the phenomenon illustrative of the immaculate conception of the Virgin Alary. Ruth ideas cannot be right, yet. though contradictory, they are attributable to the same reputed infallible source—the Pope’s decision. It would be most impolitic in “Veritas” to prove an analogy between Aaron and the Pope. Tire former made an idol, called it Jehovah, and made the people worship it (Exodus, eh. 32, 4th and 5th v.) Was his doctrinal teaching infallible? For once I coincide witu “Veritas”—the modern Greek Church bears no closer connection with that founded by the Apostles than his own does. .She is, however, the true ecclesiastical representa tive of the community apostatising in the early centuries of the Christian era ami the theological mother of the church of Rome, which subsequently seceded from her. “ Enquirer ” subjects two passages of Scripture to my notice—First, “Thou art Peter, and on this lock 1 will (build my church,” etc., niul “Feed my lambs.” In regard to the first, found in Matthew, llidi chapter, ISth verse, let me dissipate the illusion under which lie, in common with hi< eo-rcligionists, labours—That the words “ rock ” and “ Peter” aro convertible terms. The Greek word for Peter is petros, that is a small stone in its ordinary sense ; that for “rook” is petra, a word significant of a massive, towering promontory defiant of the dashing waves. Petros is a noun, masculine, of the second dccleusiou ; petra a feminine of the first. Petros is synonymous with Peter’s Hebrew or Syro Chaldeio name, Ceepli, meaning a hollow stone, whence English “ cup these two terms are never used in Scripture as indicative of Deity, while on the other hand God is frequently adverted to in the Old Testament in the words “tsor” and “jnr,” always rendered “ a rock ” in our translation, but God in the Vulgate, Douay, and Septuagiut or Greek versions, the last inverting this mode incases where Jehovah, the supreme name of the Almighty, occurs in the Hebrew original, the Jewish translators regarding it) as un utterably sacred substituted tile word “petra,” but never “petros.” If, however, I accept the Romanise interpretation of the passage, rendering it equivalent to, “ Thou art a rock, and on this rook I will build my church, ” etc., how would that reading har monise with Ephesians, eh. 2, v. 20, where the apostle, referring to that, people as mem bers of Christ’s Church, asserts its erection “ on the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone.” If true, this explana tion, what became of the superstructure when the devil upturned the foundation in Peter’s denial of his master a few months later? Let "Enquirer” divest himself of prejudice and bo guided by the Vulgate, the organ of his church, which, coincident in its text relative to the gender and signification of the tavo nouns “petros” and “petra,” makes almost a literal transfer of them to its own page, though the masculine noun, scopulus, a rook, was open to its selection, had a wish existed to express Peter’s identity in that avord. Does ho desire further evidence that Christ’s reference avas to the confession of Peter as to His (the Saviour’s) Divine pretensions, and not to Peter’s individuality, let him aiford credence to His Holiness Gregory the Great, who, in his 3rd epistle, 33 v., says, “ Staud fast in the true faith, and establish and give your life upon the rook of the church that is upon the confession of blessed Peter, the prince of the apostles,” or let him consult Felix III., epistle 5th—“ Upon this confession I will build my church.” Should he, hoavever, prefer patristic theology, I commend to; his perusal St. Augustine in Matt. xvi.—“ On this rock, that is on myself, I build my church.” Chrysostom, Hilary, Theodoret, profess the same sentiments avith others too numerous to mention. I am unable to define the idea contained in the passage, “ And I avill give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven, and avhatsocver thou shale lose on earth shall bo found in hcaa-cn and avhatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven (Matt, xvi., 19 v.) Tavo facts are, however, evident to our notice—First, that the verse is almost a verbatim repetition of roine authority con ferred on Eliakim, a secular olfiecr of the temple (Isaiah, 22 eh.„ 22 v.) Secondly that as it is quoted by Romish theologians in vindication of their doctrine of auricular confession it imparted no special privilege to Peter. With some reluctance ave now direct attention to John 21st and 15th. The resurrection had passed, Christ and His dial eiples had partaken of their last meal on earth, and the final separation drew nii'h. Revolving in his mind the prospects of the religious system recently estatilishcd, and of which that small baud formed the nucleus. He addressed Peter, whose professions of regard had been louder than those of his associates (vide Mattheav, 2ti eh., 33 v.), but whose character experience bad proved least reliable (Mark, S cli., 33 v.) Thrice bad Peter denied him, and in reference to the incident thricejdid Chiist’oiiqnire as to his love, “ Simon, sou of Jonah, lovest thou Me ?” He had previously told him that he (Peter) was not converted (Luke, 22 eh., 32 verse)—“ That he was an offence, and knew nothingabout rcligiou” (Matt., Hi eh.. 23 v.), statements making Peter most ineligible as tile foundation of the Christian ,Church. That the disciples never recognised his superiority is evident from Luke, 22ml eh., 24th v., where they’ disputed for precedence. That the early church did not is proved from James presiding at the first Conned of Jerusalem, though Peter was present (Aels, 15 eh., 10-29-21 verses. If Peter ever was Bishop of Rome, he and his successors repudiated the Papal title for 500 years, when Gregory, who had denounced John of Constantinople for assuming it, terming him the forerunner of Anti-Christ, accepted it himself on imperial authority (Greg. Max cp fib vi., ep 30.)—I am, etc., E.U.F. W. J. Smith-Jokes, Esq. Dear Sir,—It is only onr duty to let you know of the many bargains . to lie obtained at the Federal Stores in Ferguson street. Everything ia of the very best quality in groceries, wines, and spirits, and the juices, well, they are the lowest in the town. This should bo a good tip for you at this time of the year, as you can save money by dealing there. There is a choice selection of butter from Gd per lb. Prime bacon, q.td per lb. Eggs quito fresh from od per lb.” Every thing else in proportion. You ought to livo cheaply and on tho best of everything. If there was only a littlo more steady employ ment I do believe the Federal Stores would have to be enlarged to cope with the con tinued increasing trade, which I think ia well deserved, as the enterprising proprietors do their utmost to study the wants of their customers. They have a stock of colonial ale and stout for this season of the year at the low price of ,'td per bottle or 2s !)d per dozen. Give them a call and you will bo satisfied.— \ours truly, COUSINS JACK & MARY*, 