DIVERS' 8TORIES AND EXPERIENCES. A wtbb who goes down in dear water has the Btrange and sometimes terrifying experi ence of seeing objects much enlarged, perhaps twice their size. A few years ago I was employed by a company which undertook to raise the machinery and boilers out of tho wreck of the Commodore, which was sunk off Norton's Point, Long Island, U.S.A., in 1354 At the time the steamboat wont (town there were no dorrioks Btrong enough for the work. "We anchored a little sloop about 50 feet off from the wreok, and, when all was ready I wont down. When I got below in the boiler room I saw looking out at me, from one of the furnaces, two eyes as big os saucers. I stepped to one side, and out Bhot a hugo shark. As he darted past mo ho gave mo a flip with his tail that knocked me 15 feet. That knook was not, however, as bad as it may seem 5 for it iB easier to move objoots under water than above. I myself could easily shovo a man 10 foot under water. I Divers ; often encounter sharks, and .huge fellows they Beem too. But wo don't tako much .stock of them. The diver is usually moving about, the eBcapo valvo gives a shrill whistling sound, and my experience is that sharks, like other large fish, are scared half out of their wits when wo divers appear upon the scene. A diver who went down to work on tho Steamship Viscaya, which was in collision and sunk off Barncgat light, had a gruesome experience. It was a difficult job, so two divers were sent down — one of them to remain on deck in GO feet of water, to act as second tender to the other diver who went below. Tho latter hnd boen below but a few minutes when three jorks came over the life line. Whan ho had boon hauled up on to the deck he was so unnerved tlmt he forgot he was still in GO feet of water, and signalled to have he helmet removod. When both divers hod boon hauled to tho sarfaco, he said that whilo he wus working through n gangway, ho had seon two largo objcctB oeining towards him ; and nothing could dissuade him from tho belief that be had seen two submarine ghosts— until tho other diver went down and discovered that there was a Biqrfor at the end of the gang way, and that the. diver had seen tho reflection of his own legs, vastly enlarged coming towards liirn. One day, when we were working on a rock in the East River, Now York, I met, us 1 Stepped off the ferry boat, a diver pale as a sheet. He was hurrying so tlmt I couldn't stop him to ask what had happened. When I tcame to tho spot they told me he couldn't more than have reached bottom before he signalled to bo hauled up, and was so un nerved that he rushed of without telling what hod happened. I said I'd go down and they lowered me— right on top of a dead It always gives mo a disagreeable sen sation to come suddenly upon a dead person under water, unless I happen to be diving for him. Then I am glad to meet him, even if he does seem twice bis natural Bize. But thero are divors who will not have anything to do with bodies, and when tbey come upon them suddenly, will bo unnerved and useless for the rest of tho day. In the dark New York waters you do not know of the proximity of a body until you chance to touoh it. A diver told me once, when he was working at the foundation of a peer, he put hit band up for support on one of the piles and felt a small shoe. He know right away what ho bad found — the body of a little girl. It was spring time and tho body was begin- ning to raise. In working a wreck we always get the bodies out first It is bad enough to be 1 belting around below, without having them about. The silence of the depths — unbroken but for the click of the pump — is too oppres sive for us to care to have the the dead staring at us. We can judge by tho temperature of the water where to look for bodies in a wreck. If the water is cold they will be on the floor or . lying in tbe bertha If the water it warm they will rise to the ceiling or against the bottom of the berth above. When we raised the tugboat Bronx from tbe East River I found the fireman sitting in a clmir in the fireroom. Divers, when ready to come up from a wreok, must exactly retrace theirstops, other wise they are apt to get tangled up. For instanoe, if in working his way to the hold tbe 'diver passed to etnrboard of a mast, lio should pass on tbe snme side in working his way back, otherwise his line and hose will catoh around the mast. To get tangled up below is a terrible predicament for a diver. There is but one thing he can cut — the life line, for they can lower him another. But I have known divers become so desperate when tangled up that they have lost their heads and out the hose — which meant death, A cargo of barrels with an iron chian jammed my hose against the ceiling, and for a time it was question whether Iorthebarrcl wasmaster of the situation. Jute is also a bad cargo to handle, because it tangles itself about a diver's legs, so that often it will take him several hours to clear himself. | Thero are about balf-a-dozen treasure ships off America's shores. They have been verit- 1 able treaauro-shipB to the divers who havo been engaged to work them, though not j perhaps to the employers. An old bottom off Pockskili is said to bo ono of Osptain Kidd's vessels. A man onca hired me and n crew to raise the treasure. We hod a good time all summer, and he seemed to enjoy watching us work and paying us our wages. The best known treasure ship hereabouts is the British frigato Hussar, which struck on Pot Rock, Hell Gate, New York, in 1807. She went down with 107 men and, it is said a great amount of gold coin intended for the British forces. This vessel has been worked for tre&soresinco; 1818\. Parties have operated with a diving bell, have grappled with ice- tongs, and in fact have endeavoured in ways as numerous as they wore ridiculous to raise the treasure. But I never heard of anything of (value being obtained since 1819 — when her guns and upper sheathing wore brought up— except the anchor, and I raised that u few' years ago There lies the HuBsar just where she sank, only she has worked herself a rlest thirty feet below the bed of the Gate — and, if there was treasure aboard her, it ib there still. If there is truth in the story that has oorae dovg from 1807, the waters of Hell Gate are eddying over a treasure of £300,000. Romintia possibilities sttrsot People so strongly that a porty was formed , ln. York, in 1881, to raise a treasure- ship in the Red Sea which was believed to I have sunk about tho time of Christ. The party Bailed from horo ou the brig Gypsy, but I have never hoard of them since. A ! wreck or other heavy objeots remains where it sinks, except that it may work itself down into the bed ; and, speaking of the Red Sen, it is my opinion that a diver could prove or disprove the narrative of the destruction of Pharaoh'B host. 