VICTORIA SUFFERING A RECOVERY. TY/ENTY-SEVEN YEARS AGO. THEN AND NOW. Over a quarter of n oentnry ago, in October, ISG7 (nut, as stated on the title p»go, 18G0), Sir Archibald (then Mr) Mlchle, delivered a lecture, entitled Viotoria Suffering a Re covery. This deliverance CAttsed consider- able stir at tho ttmo by tba pungenoy of its satire and tho boldness of Its proposals. Mnoh that Sir Archibald then said is moit applicablo to tlie condition ot affairs now existing, and might have been written yesterday, Tho lecture has beon pubUsned in a neat pamphlet by Masses Melville, Mullen anil Slade, aud le obtainable for a humble sixpence. It comoa most appropriately just now. With the consent of the brilliant lecturer wo eivcbolowsomo interesting ostraats from this valuable bit of ancient Victorian history. The pamphlet should, however, be read in its entirety. Ie not the body politic liko tho body natnral ? . Dose not tbe excitement and over trading of the past commit overdrafts on tho vigor of tho present and fataro 1 and does not, therefore, depression follow exchomcnt, aa naturally an night (ho day! Ie not this observable all tho world over! It is only some seven yearn since Victorians wero elate, intoxicated with prosperity ; when seusiblo men and fools alike had money thrown, ae it were, at their heads; and when (as is uot nnasusl with suddenly acquired wealth) much of it went in absurdity aud extravaganco almost as speedily as it was acquired. A new Melbourne having been built, was not required to be built again. St. Hilda, I'rahrans, South Yarns and l-lmerald Hills wcro competing for tenants; market gardeners aod farmers wore com. poting for enstomers, artisans for em. ployers, candidates for policemanehipe ; and rents, as well as price, fell as rapidly as ; they rose. 1 do not say that wagec fell, for a sort of imperial ukase has said wages shall not fall ; aod nature is for tbo thoiuand and first time turned out of doors to come in at tbo window, as of old. Let evory man, then, who likes it, go into farming at oneo. Put things at tho worst, and suppose your farmer does bccomo insolvent, rural insolvency is pleasanter than Llttlo Bourko street insolvency. A man never scores to roe so happy as. when surrounded by his stacks, hi pigs, his kino, his growing crops, his chil dren tumbling amidst tho straw, or laughing among tho vines. If thero be perfect and sorcno enjoyment, surely it is here. After an anecdoto, told in tbe brilliant lec turer's heat stylo, of tho man who was to save the colony by a new industry— kangaroo sausages— for which we must refer tho reader to tho locturo itself, Sir Archibald continues. Ilo carefully re- wrapped thosavoloy in paper, (e-dropped it into its appointed rcccptaole, and itrodo away with an air that delighted rao. He dil not scorn to think so much of any profit derivable from this preparation, an of thu fact that hu was carrying n ptuticu of tho salvation of tbo colony la his pooket, socioty all uuoooseious of the millennium im« pending. Awed, then, by these nwfal banks, and sharing only the common reverence for plate gloss, and splendid inahogauy, and brass rails, and the mysteries ;ol tbo parlor, does my frlond, tboroforo, who tho other day said to mo iu Quucu street, "I hopo in that lecture of yours, you are going to touch up thb banks." think Ihnt I Ml milm. Ia .Ia A. attempt anything of the kind ! What would tho bauks euro for my touching op- they who can touch up everybody ! Besides, Who so presumptuous aa to say that ho really know anything distinct about those great , subUmo, uioneyod mysteries ? Why atn I to bs osilod upon to show my iguo. ranoe as to tho msuncr or degree in wbioh tho Interests of tho oolony aro atfeoted by these full muoue, which sotno superstitious people record as inUusnoing all tho moneyed tides in tho affaire of mon? But if great depressions work such good results on men's outward otroumstaneo, how much moro do they improve matt himself ! ameliorate his morel nataro I how soften tho hard merchant into tho melting philanthropist ! how . tnako his heart, libo that of tho ancient mari ner, overflow with emotion, and " bless uo It i have shown moro lovity in tho coarse of these observations than some people may think becoming amongst a rulood people, pray consider it is because I, far oae, do not oeusider that we are tuined at all. Like the gintletnar who Lad seen too many ghosts bitn self to bo ablo to beliero iu them, io I have seen (he colony rulued too many tuno tu believe it is goiug to Le ruined uow. That (hero is distress amongst ua there con bo no doubt Iu all periods of transition io evory country there must o«er bo more or less of distress-distress even occasionally among industrious, providont and worthy families. Such cases perhaps, wo have all known. Do we sufficiently aud habitually consider, then, tho advantages wo actually cojuy! Health, food, warmth, light, liberty some leisure for reading, tor thought, and recreation —are these possessions nothing I Are they not, indeed, all, oo far as thu more eub- lunsry life is concerned? lam not preaching auy impossible philosophy, ur auy anil, colouial dogreo of absiiueuco and eolf- mortlff- Cittioua 1 mereljf tocao to say that there ia no thing liko loukiug reaolntoly at tho better side of eTory situstiou, and being thankful to Ged things are uo worse; it is ctrtaiu that as man la at present con stituted, he caunot oven properly taato pleasure without faavinj Oral known pain. Wo most, of us uomuiaud moro than the people of mauy othor countries enjoy, aud as much as unsophisticated uiau really wonts ; ajtdif attlmesand seasons — -and auohttiuesand season coins to ail— wo find uoi selves unablo to live up toourowodoo- trmo, aud that wearo yet querulously repining joder thoso losses aud crosses and petty grio/e and disasters, whiuh havo power over the strongest as over too weakest, lot uo otill tbaukfully bear la inind that, as toe wisest and most benignant of human spirits has said— . This wide and universal theatre Pnntut, uiora «i»|ul upuma thon tho Mono , Wherein wo play in." Goodnight. Wo trust that tbo extracts wo bare given from tb« lecture will bnt whet tho ap petite of onr readers for more, and thai they will tuns be Induced to peruse UiQ j| entirety. ' 