CHRISTMAS EYE IS VILLA CRISTIM CHAPEL. A cheerful white road, flecked with sha dows from the golden - branched willowB which bordered, it, alternating with' high, greyish-white wails, or vari-tinted peasants' houses. Beyond, a stretch of green, red and ; purple mountain; above, a cloudless, deep blue sky. Those were the main impreBBions grasped by my somewhat tired powers of ob servation, as I drove from the Pistol's station to the villa of my friends the Gherardi, one Christmas Eve some few years ago. I had madea mistake and arrived atPistoia 2.30 instead of at 6 o'clock. Consequently, neither my friend Hilda nor her husband was there .to:meet me; I therefore-engaged one of the shabby little fiacres outside the station, and requested its whip' - cracking top- hatted driver to take me to Villa Cristina. Our progress was slow; but the warmth and orightness were so delightful that I should not have minded had the road been twice as long. At last we turned into an open gate way, and drove up a winding road bordered by lovr hedges of rose- bushes; bright with crimson seed-pods, and stopped before a large gvey stone villa with a wide gravel ter race. Before the driver had time to descend from the box, the hall* door was flung open, and my friend Hilda ran down the half- dozen steps to welcome me, full of regrets at the mistake which had given me so lonely a dtive. ' You must be exhausted,' she continued, as we entered the enormous hall. ' I shall take you straight to your rooms, and you must rest till dinner.5 ' I am really far more dusty than tired— for I slept well last night—you know I am a good traveller; and the carriage was not crowded. But do just a3 you like with me — only I think I should be the better, and better-looking, for some soap and hot water. Don't you ? Hilda laughed; and, putting her arm through mine, led ma up a curious frescoed staircase, along a corridor, and into a charm ing boudoir, where a bright wood fire was burning. Beyond this was my bed-room, where I removed my travel stains, and then rejoined Hilda who was sitting" by the boudoir fire. First conversations between friends who have been separated for several years are rarely satisfactory. Perhaps this comes from the fact that the great amount each has to say and ask, necessitates the impressionist man ner of treating each subject; and, as friends naturally desire detailed descriptions, the mere superficial summary of facts causes that vague feeling of disappointment wo have all experienced on such occasions. Tvly talk with Hilda w<ts no exception to this rule, and I think it was a relief to both of us when the servant brought in tea, and asked if he should tell the Siiinorim. 'Certainly,' Hilda answered; adding, as the man left the room : ' It won't tire you, having Beatrice Sartori for tea, will it ? She is longing to see you, and is all alone; every one else is out.1 'Of course not,' I answered. 'I was so glad to know she was with you, poor child ! How is ehe ? Do you think she is at all less unhappy ?' 'Not much as yet; in fact, I sometimes think she misses her mother more as time goc3 on—you v.-ill understand, for you saw horr much they were, to each other. And then there is something else which troubles her; only she must tell you that herself ; I know she is really fond of you.' Two years before, I had met Marchesa and Beatrice Sartori, at Sehwalbach, and made great friends with them. Marchesa Sartori, an English woman by birth, and a widow, was extremely ill, and she died the spring precoding my story, leaving Beatrice to the guardianship of her father's cousin, Piero Giiei'uiuo, iiuabaud ui my friend Hilda. Bent-rice came in quickly, and greeted me with warm Italian demonstrativencss; tears were in her eyes, but were not allowed to fall. She looked even prettier than formerly, ll.oiith very delicate; perhaps a trifle too slight in figure, and her features a shade too defined ; but her eyes, large-pupilled and gi'r.y, looked softer than ever, with the purple shade below them, and the lights in her brown hair more golden, contrasted with the black nc^?nf her dross. During tea, I enquired if there were any other guests in th-3 house; for Hilda, an im possible correspondent, had only mentioned Beatrice when inviting me. ' Oh, yes, quite a family gathering,' sho answered. ' Piero's sister and her husband, and children, the Carpacci; also Piero's two brothers, Mario and Yincenzo — the latter a priest, you know.' ' Yes; you really did happen to mention a priest brother-in-law in one of your first j letters, but you never told me about the other, Mario.' ' Really ? how funny of me, for he is the remarkable one of the family. My dear husband is as good as gold, but he never pre tends to be a shining light of intelligence. In f.ict, Piero mill L^uia have always been called the stupid ones of the family, and as far as she is concerned — bless her !—the term is pretty well deserved.' I laughed. ' But Mario,' she continued, laughing also, ' is quite an important persenage ; he is a deputy, but also a philanthropist and social reformer; a modern practical Don Quixote, in fact, and with a craze for the English, their social and moral institutions— so you are safe to get cn with him, my Eleanor.' A knock at the door, and a message from her husband, interrupted Hilda. Conte Piero begged her to give him a few minutes for some matter or business; and she went immediately, telling Beatrice to look after in e. When left alone, I tried to tell her—what of course I had already written—how deeply I felt for her. There is always very little that can be said ; but I believe any real sympathy is somewhat felt, and is just a little help and comfort. I gathered that what Beatrice found hard est was her loneliness, the thought that no one needed her. They were all most kind, most good to her, but after the mutual depen dence, the oneness of heart and interest, that had existed between her and her mother, it was inexpressibly painful to find herself unneeded, and, in a way, an out sider. To feel oneself alone in the midst of kindness is perhaps harder to bear than actual solitude, by dint of contrast with the fulness of the lives around one. I felt, however, that there was, as Hilda had hinted, some other trouble. But Beat rice in no way alluded to it, and T did not attempt to guess. I knew I should hear about it in due time. Some people are born to be told things; and though it is doubtless more interesting to be bern to have them to tell, it is well to be philosophical, and re member, there . is yet a third category,— those who are born neither to hear nor to tell. I made acquaintance with the rest of the family at dinner, a very cheerful meal, in a large hall painted with a landscape of trees, and hills, and Bky. Hilda's and the Carpacci's children were, in Indian fashion, present, and took up a good deal of every one's attention. I sat between my host and Padre Yincenzo the priest, and found the latter moat attractive. He was rather distrait in manner, but pos sessed of un almost tender courtesy, and the most charming of smiles. Beatrice sat between two of tho children, and Mario Gherardo next one of them. He was tall and dark, and handsome, with the marked profine of an old Roman coin. Like Padre Yincenzo and in contrast to Madame Carpacci and Piero, he was almost ascetieally thin. I had very little opportunity of talk ing to him, r.s the children insisted on re taining his attention. I noticed, however, that he had the same courtesy of manner as his brother • the priest, but joined to a de cisiveness of speech and observancy of look which denoted him a doer as well as a thinker. I know sot how, unless it was by some change in look or voice when addressing her ,-^-but somehow I felt convinced, before dinner was over, that Mario cared for Beafc rioe. And I wondered if it waa there that the trouble lay. ; The remaining members of this family group, Madame Carnaect and ht>r husband, struck me chietly by their extreme resem blance to each other to each other, and dif ference to Mario and Padre Yincenzo. She seemed much more the sister of her husband than of her brothers; unless, indeed, 't was Piero, who might be described as (he mis sing link between them, both physically and intellectually. After dinner great games went, on with the children in the large galleried music-hall. I was not allowed to join in them, on the score of fatigue; but sat and talked to Padre Yin _ cenzo, near an immense open fire-place of old oaered atone, , As Boon as the ohildren had been -carried off to bed by their nurses, their elders joined us, and Piero almost immediately asked Beatrice to Bing. I felt very sorry for her; I knew how aiuging to me would rueall many happy evenings at Schwalbach. But she I took ' up her guitar at once, and satigsbfig after song—avoiding, though, I noticed, those she used to sing at'her mother's re quest. She had the most charming voic6, rich, and with that sort of thrill, which hns no thing to do with the wearisome ' tremolo' so common to Italian singers—but is best de fined by the French as, ' ayant lea larmcs dans la voix." ' Afc. the request of Piero, she endedttitha profoundly melancholy Apulian song,- which had, I remember,for refrain the words1 'Sbtto; Paltare,' and which with its passionate iiid riotonoua " minor cadan'ces seemed tolopen a vista of the woes of the whole world, i It was" a most unfortunate choice to have ' made; and I saw Mario look at her from time to time with concern and sympathy. Shesaug it through, however, with perfect self-con^ trol; and my eyes met Mario's with a 'look of friendly congratulation. : TIic momentary silence which followed was broken by Madame Carpacci, who exclaimed : ' I do believe that is what the ghosts.sing in the chapel! At any rate it is quite; dismal enough.' ; _ Hilda gave a semi-despairing, semi-re signed shrug of the. shoulders, and'a re proachful, ' Oh, Laura !' as she looked from' her to Beatrice. . The latter caught her look, and smilin«, answerc-d, 'Dear Hilda! but you did not think I had forgotten V ( ' I hoped so ! but Piero and Laura are im possible !' i ' Why, what have we done?'asked Madame Carpacci in all innocence. ' 'Raised the ghost question; and just to night too!' ; Laura clasped her hands dramatically. W hat a head ! I utterly forgot that yoa didn't want Beatrice to think of then!.' ^ "ut Beatrice was thinking of Lilian,' the girl interrupted her. And I, impatient to understand the meaning of it all, in quired : ^ hat 6 them V Please tell me why are you all so incomprehensibly mysterious V Piero, his sister, and her husband, in truly Italian fashion, answered in chorus— Mme. C.—'The ghosts in our: empty chapel ' , K J M. C.—' They come on the eve of; all the great festas. Piero. ' Several people swear they have seer? thorn.' ? Mme. C.—'I myself heard them, from my room. i ' tv" 80 Hilda s sailor cousin.' £CTc" ' ^e8' sounded like the Marseillaise !'' i Mme. C.—' That was because he ' in credule. j And she paused, out of breath-iwhile I noticed that Mario looked grave, and Beatrice i ' and Hilda said to sotfco voce: My dear, can't you turn the conversation?' But before I had time to utter a word, Madame Carpacci called out to Padre Vin eengo, who, during Beatrice's singing had retired to the other side of the room,j and re mained apparently immersed in some book : > inoenzo, you have heard the ghosts sin" zn the chape], haven't yop V ' ° He rose, and came towards us, holding his book behind him; a kindly smile about his mouth. Mario^ walked across to thfc piano, and began turning over music. He evidently wanted to keep out of the conversation. And Hilda whispered explanatorily : ' We are in: for a discussion of the supernatural; and as we are a mixture of • blacks' and whites,' the subject is as dangerous as Home Rulo would be where there were Tories and Radi cals.' _lhe priest paused a moment, then said very quietly, «Yes, I heard chant ing last Easter Eve, and it seemed to come from the empty chapel. But,' he continued very slowly and thoughtfully, 1 1 always feel that the perception of supernatural sounds or sights is mental ; not of the senses—mind only is fine enough to be conscious of spirit —master cannot conic- in touch with it.' ' 'Mind" here standing for imagination, eh?' suggested Piero. 2No, the priest answered gravely ; ' not imagination, but perception. Miad both conceives and perceives ; here it perceives.' ' »nrhow you believe in our chapel ghosts,' Madame Carpacci said with a sign of comfort. 1 But now I want to know if you believe what that old French governess tells ma—I went to see her this afternoon, and she tdd me more extraordinary things than c\er. Then turning politely to me, she ex plained : ' This lady lost her daughter live years ago, a quite young girl ; but she believes she has visits from her spirit constantly al though she never sees her ; but she knows when she is there, and she tells her every thing she wants to learn. She only has to take a pencil in her hand and all the answers conic to her.' ' What, even the winning numbers in the lottery V came from Mario, in a tone of good humored railery, as he left the piano aud took the chair beside mine. ' How extremely convenient!' His sister laughed. 1 How stupid of me, I never think of asking her that. But. Mario, she, poor thing, is most serious about it ; and the things she tells me are most serious too ; all about the other worlds, planets, and so on, where her daughter says people go to when they die.' Mario laughed incredulously. ' Some are for good, and so:nq for bad spirits, I think she said, but I remember that every one's penance is to come back here, and to haunt the place where they had moat sinned, until they expiated them.' 'That's not a bad idea,' said Piero. 'I wonder what place you will haunt, Laura ?' ' Her Parisian dressmaker's establishment,' her husband replied promptly. ' And lucky you if you haunt nothing worse than your tailor's !' laughed Hilda. '' But in that case,'interposed Mario ' you' and Laura will be—how can one say it ?— divided, for your tailor lives in London. Is it part of the penance, do you think, the dooming of husbands and wives to perpetual separation V ' Itdepoudd,' suggested Hilda maliciously, ' on how they got on with one another. It might be the greater penance to be together. In fact, now that I think of it, I seem to see the planets full of the ghosts of married people (especially Italians!) in perpetual contiguity!' ' Which terrible vision,' continued Mario, in the same tone, ' leaves us with the problem, how can they both carry out their doom of haunting each the scenes of his or her worst earthly iniquities (which can very rarely bs one and the same), and that of tormenting cach other by being fyi' ever together 1 You must ask your friend for more precise information, Laura.' I fancied Beatrice looked pained at the somewhat flippantly sarcastic turn the con versation had taken ; but Madame Carpacci took it all au grand serieux, and answered : 'I'll try and remember to. ask her, but I always forget most of what she tells me—or don't understand it. I do remember one other thing though, fcccar.sc it was so very dreadful. She actually said her daughter had told her that Pope Pius IX: had to haunt the Vatican, because hypocrisy had been his worse sin in pretending to be kept prisoner there, when he might have come out whenever he liked.' Complete silence greeted this astoundingly inappropriate anecdote. Then Hilda caught her breath, saying almost inaudibly,' 'Iknew she would put her foot in it,' as she looked across me at Mario, with an imploring elevation of the eyebrows. He repressed his smile of amusement, and nodded assurance of silence, whilst Beatrice kept licr eyes fixed 011 Padre Vincenzo, who, by the slightest flicker about the lips showed that he had too 1 lie passing thought' save us from fools.' But a moment after he said with his usual gentle courtesy: ' My dear Laura, I think you had better tell your friend to take caro lest she have to haunt all the places in which she lias attentcd to other people's atlairs instead of .her own. I fear it might be rather a lengthy penance.' I did not hear if Madame Carpacci promised to do this also, for Hilda rose, and saying I must- be tired out, sent Mario for ciindlps, and after cordial good nights and wishes for good repose, she and Beatrice accompied me to my room. As we stood over the fire, Hilda gave a sign and exclaimed, ' If you knew what it was to steer clear of shoal? v.'i'h r> 11 U'r?e differently thinking people !' ' But they were all very nice and good tempered about it ; and it really was most amusing,11 answered. 'Yes to-night; but it isn't always .so. Scmetimes they get excitcd, and say more than they mean, and just now I especially rrr»ret such dincuxsions,' she fWffl mroii- 1 ingiy, as aho put lier arm ou iie^trioe s I shoulder, and kissed her. : ' Vvili you tail Eleanor Way, 4<»*?uo con-, tinuod. '1 want you to talk to her, for you are kindred spirits, and understand each Beatrice' smiled fit -me," but sighed ha she answered, ' Yes, I-want to talk to Eleanor ; but not to-night; she is far too tired. : f Indeed sho is nor,' 1 replied ;' neither too tired, nor too sleepy. And anyjiow I should not go to bed till after twelve o,clock. So if you will stay and talk to me, dear, you will give mo a great pleasure.'' ; 'I may, then, Hilda 1 And at twelve, you know, I am going to the chapel.' ' ; ' Dearest, let ine beg you not. xou- know it. will be bad for you. Piease—please givo up the ides.'. , , . j , \- t-Butj iitdeedy it ."won't >b8-'bad for inio^Ru all'/ Besidbs, I must go, I cati't help it. Be sides I must go, I can't help it. : C e$ plus fort que moi l' Hilda continued to implore her to alter ■ her intention, but in vain. She was quietly determined, and at length Hilda gave in, partially reassured by my offer of accompany ing her being acccpted, 'You are very tiresome people, she ejaculated as she took up her'candle and bid us good-night. ' I shall have Beatrice in bed with a nervous attack to- morrow, and Eleanor with a collapse from exhaustion. So a nice cheerful Christmas you arc» preparing us.' '■ As soon as she had gone 1 threw myself into a low chair by the fire, and Beatrice knelt before it, meditatively blowing its cheer ful flames into further brightness. ' Padre Vincenzo is coming, too,' she said presently. 4 Ho has given up the attending midnight mass on purpose. Ho is good beyond words.' ... ' But won't you tell me now, dear, what is it that troubles you ? I asked her gently. She passed her hand over her brow; push ing up the wave of soft hair, which fell naturally back again ; then stirring on the rug and leaning against my knees, she looked steadily into the fire, and said, very slowly : ' I -,vill try and tell you ; and then,.1* you can,you will helpme, won'tyou? Iam very un happy juat now because lviario she paused and I, leaning forward, rested my lips on her hair, and finished the sentence for her, 'Marlocaresforyou. Yes, dear,Iknow that much ; I Baw it.' _ ' And I care for him,' she continued, with that-thrill in her voice, ' with all my heart, with every fibre of my being.' ' Dearest, but this is good.' She gave a deep long sigh, and for a few moment there was silence, save the cracking of the firewood, and the little murmur of the flames. ' X .will try. and teli you,' she resumed iye sently, ' but it isn't easy. He is good4-oh, so noble and so groat, ao far abovo most of us, but he is honestly and avowedlyanunbeliverin religion, and Ixlo not know if I may dare trust myaelf to marry him, Can you understand 11 fear I-: am'weak,'-Eleanor, but if I care for any one, I cannot help seeing their point of view, and though' i'tido'es not alter my own, yet it is thero as a hairier. And, oh, my dear, it is terrible, to have to be, even in the least, on the defensive with one you love.' j ' My poor child, I; do know. I understand. But you Would not let him go, would you, because of. thia ? Don'tyou,think that would be the worst possible thing for him 1 It would make him feel you were afraid of losing ybur belief, and then ho would think it could not bo a thing mueli worth having. Don't you think the best way would be to trust God— and your love V 1 For myself yes, a thousand times yea .. Bat Iam not clever, or good, and if I'should harm him, make him think even less of ^ re ligion because of my failures and faults?' Dearest, uon't you think here tpo you bad better trust 1 Keep close, obey, and you will be able to shine. And so he will see that what you believe ' makes for good.' She laid her cheek against my hands. ' You arc right; I am sure you are right. But it will be very, very difficult.' ' I know it, oh, so well! Tliinga always are so difficult, and puzzling in the detail, though clear in the abstract. But all great decisions must bo guided by the latter, must they liotT ' If only uho continued, uuhocding me, ' if only he could believe what Pedre Vincenzo said to-night; that our minds— though perhaps not his as yet,' she said with infinite tenderness of tone, ' but our minds can pcrceivc, can feel mid know things of which the senses are for ever unconscious. I have seen a glimmer of questioning pass over Ilia face a times when Pedro Vincenzo has said or done something very ' otherwordly :' as if he were thinking, ' May he not have some power after all, which is above and be yond what I know of V But the others are so trying—you saw to night. It is not sad how difficult some quite good believers make belief for others V We continued talking forsome time, I say ing nil I could to encourage her to trust and to hope, when my eyes fell on the clock, and seoing it was half past eleven, I asked if we should not go to the chapel. She assentod, and as oiio wrapped my cloak around mo, laid her face caressingly against mine, and thanked me .with such sweetness for 'the help -and comfort I had given.' We passed along the corridor outside, and entered a sitting room whoso window opened on to a terrace. It lay white in the moonlight, and a great stillness reigned as we walked across it to a door which opened into the gallery of the chapel. There were stools by the railing and we knelt and prayed. Presently I looked over into tha apace below. At first I could distinguish nothing in the darkness, but gradually my eyes'grew ac customed to itj and I made out row« of empty seats; and a deserted altar, with a kneeling figure before it, which I guessed was Padre Yincenzu's. . What silence! one seemed to hear one's own heart-beats. I looked at Beatrice. She knelt with her elbows on the railings, her chin resting on her clasped hands"; her lips were slightly parted, and her eyes gaziflgi intently before her. The silence became oppressive.''I covered my face with my hands as I knell-, «nd tried to concentrate rny thoughts. A movement of my companion made roe raise my head. The chapel was full of people ! I had heard noth ing : no one had como in : but they were there ; rows and rows of kneeling forms, with bowed heads, or upturned faces j; clasped or outstretched hands, men and woben, old and young, rich and poor. I saw them distinctly, how I know not, thero seemed no need of light; they were there ; one seemed to feel as well as see them. And then aroso the sound of voices, and a shiver struck through mo from head to foot. I cotild catch no words, they always eyaSad mo ; but the tones of the voices were more expressive than any words ; it is impossible to describe the depths of sorrow, repentance, entreaty they revealed. A feeling of positive pain cameovbrme, of profoundest compassion. Beatrice felt it too; I heard her breathe, 'Oh poor'souls, poor souls, what can we do for you ? Can wo not expiate ? Ah, let me expiate, and give them rest; oh, give them rest!' And still the voices continued." I heard a movement behind me, and turning, saw Mario standing, hi3 gaze intently fixed on Beatrice. He had evidently heard her prayer. lie was pale, his lips set. Beatrice, unconscious of his presence, remained kneel ing, stretched half over the railing; Mario came the other side of me. ' Look,' I whispered ; ' you Bee', them ?' pointing below. : 11 see my brother Yincenzo,' he answered in the same tone. 'What, nothing else ? Look again land listen. It can't be that you see nothing, hear nothing?' : He shook lb head. ' Abrolutely nothing ! he answered, and I saw that ft"was true. I tried again, however, seeing and hearing so distinctly myself. ' But those voices, so soul-piercing, how is itjyou only cannot hear them V But he paid no further attention ; ho was looking at Beatrice, and I knew that would be best for him. Who loves under stands, and he would not fail to read the truth' in her face. I leant forward therefore, just as Padre Vincenzo rose from his knees, imd turned towards the people. Their voises sank into silonco, as the words of tbo absolution, in low, distinct, vibrating tones fell from his lips : ' Mkoreatu<* <v?stri omnipotent! Dmu, ot dimlssis pecattis vestris, pcrdueat vos ad vitam reternam. Amen.' A sigh waved through the chapel, and Padre Vincenzo, again raising his voice, gavo the Kcned:;(ion ? ' Roncrtiext vos omnipotent Deus, Pater, et Films, et Spiritus Sanetus.' An 'Amen,' sounding like what one would imagine as ' the last chord only to be hciwl in Heaven,' svopt rver (he chapel, and it was acain empty : saving Padre Vincenzo, who was kneeling once more before the altar. I looked at Beatrice ; she had buried her face in her hands, and T fpH she wan crying. Tearj) loo wore oil my cneuks. buijiuhow gratitude has moro power for loosening thsra than sorrow. . I heard Mario go' quietly out. Wo re mained some time longer, the bells p{ the littlo village churches ringing out their mes sage-of good tidiutrs : ' Peace on earth—^-good will—goodwill.' j . ; • At last I turned and whispered, ' Shall we riot go V Beatrice rose, then stood a moment!;' a look of immense gladness shining throp'gh her tears. Wo left Padro Vinoonzo kneol-/ ing there. y C-\\\ Beatrice followed mo 'ricrdss the 'tdrrftce; Her hands still clasped before her ; her oyea' still looking into the bey6nd. ' Within tho sitting-room was Mario ; ho came straight to her. I think he hardly realised I wap pre sent ; at any rate he did not mind me.. \- She held out her-liands to iiim-' Mario, we have seen them '; you will believe it,1 will.you not 1 And Pandre VIncenzo has blessedithero, and I trust they are at rest, rShe still had tho look of gladness on her lips ; of seeing behind and beyond in her eyeSi 'My heart.' he exclaimed passionately, holding her hands in his, gazing straight into her eyes, 'I cannot lie, and I saw nothing : nothing but you ! But that was enough for mo ! I am convinced, utterly and entirely, that you—yes, all three ot you—saw and hoard what I could neither see nor hear. For mo thero was nothing ; but ^something there was of whoso presence you '-all were conscious ; and I think some day ' the light will como to mo also. Will not that'suffice you, my bwn ? Will you not now trust your self to me.' She simply held up her lips for answer, and I turned and left them, as the bells rang out: Goodwill—goodwill—and peace to all moil.' —"Argosy.'' 1 