FLASH PLAY BY THE FITZROY FOOTBILLEIS. TO THIE ElirTO OF THE CITY rnESS. Si,-The members of the above club received a very decided fright last Saturday at Williamstown: Going down there with the certainty of winning, they came home morally, if not actually. beaten. Ard what was authe anus of this? I make no hesitation in saying :hat it was abohnminable selfishness on the part of the players. It is a ppuitive fact that some of the pl yers will not play to their fellows. I hare noticed this vital fault in two inatctes recently played, vie. the Carltos and Richmoud nmatches. In the firstnamed maten, Fitzroy had a lead of two goals at three-quarter time, and even then should have been soundly beaten had the Carlton forwards scored from every shot they had; hald they been playing Footscray or North MIelbourne, theywourld mostassuredly lhave gone down. In the Riechlmond matech, there was only one team playing for three quarters of the game, and that was Rich. mend. What with our players not playing together, ad pushing from behind, slinging. etc., (mustly all the free-kicks were givee against Roy) one would have thought that it was a team of amateurs the Richmond were playing. Is this conduct fair to the followers and supporters of the Fitzroy club? I for one must say that it is not, and until every menrmber of the twenty positively sinks self and plays for the F.F.C., I think they will never have the ghost of a show for the premiership. Every man must be em pelted to play hiis fellow, wlhomerr he be, and if he will not, make him stand down for a time; in fact it behoves the conmmnittee to put a stop to flash play of every description. lit is done every Saturday), end when tlis is done, ths supporters of the club will have reason to be proud of the doings of their representatives, which is more than can he said so far this season. The oommuittee should keep aebarp loo. onut fur this onse san-playiag-trn-tweety business, (it-is the name fault with them every year) and com pel the delinquents to appear before them and anewer for :hsir conduet. By the bye. the Fitzoy club have a bye shortly. I would suggest they spend the afternoon watching tie Fitzroy Juniors play to each other, aid more particularly satch 'the way they comle outof a knot when hard pressed, and lam sure thep would pfck up a wrinkle worth knowing. Apologiing fur trespassing so much on your space, but being so often dieappointed at the doings of a body of capable men, who evidently know the game, hut will not play it, and which makes them, in the eyes of the football world, such an in and out con bination, and in the hope that this may come under the eyes of. the executive to rectify before our clqb lose any more points is my eicose for troublinge you.-Yours t IToOuPOy.TE FITEZlOY SUPPORTER." 