ORIGIN OF USELESS ITEMS 0E DIIESS. 'What is tlie origin of the narrow band of ribbon which is around all our hats — whether tall or silk hat, hard-felt hat, ' wide-awake,' straw hat, etc. ? To answer this question we must go 1,«_1. 4 ? 1.. UiLVli liU vauy uixyOf auu ruaii ow that representations of very ancient hats show them to have been made of soft material. Iu order to make the hat fit the cranium, a cord was fastened round it, so as to admit of the hat being tied upon the head. This ancient device — useful in its time — has survived up to the present da)', although it is now quite useless, except in tlie modified way of indicating, by specially coloured ribbon on a straw hat, membership in a certain club or ? :„i.. t l.„ Jl„ SUUlUlj ? J.11 bUJLil-S UdiliD WIllUIl -11 u UcUllJ : made, the original use of the band has been entirely altered and it now serves to hide a join between the crown and the brim of the hat. Perhaps the strings of a ficotch cap show most plainly the now useless employment of a once useful device. Again, why are cockades and similar ornaments worn on the left side of a hat ? The reason is simple, but of very ancient date. The ornaments are descended from the larger ones, such as plumes, etc., which were also also worn on the left side of the hat. Look, for example, at the cavalier's plume. Now, men who originally carried such ornaments in their hats, also carried their sword by their side, which had often to be used in the right hand : a large projection on the right side of the hat would have interfered with a free use of the sword — hence, the ornament was placed on the left of the hat, and this position is still adhered to, although it is no longer useful. The same reason also explains why hats are cocked, if cocked at all, towards the left side of the head. What is the meaning of the nick iu the collar of our coats and in many of our waistcoats ? In rougher times than our own, men were glad to turn and button the collars of both coat and waistcoat, as we do now with certain coats — not, however, with our still nicked waistcoats. Yet this nick is cut in our dress-coats, and in many other coats and waistcoats where its presence is of 110 use whatever — owing to its position — not to mention the fact that in these coats 110 buttons are provided underneath the collar. \\\'c probably all know that the two now useless buttons at the back of our coats were once of real service when men rode on horseback, of necessity, much more often than we do. These buttons then served to fasten back the tails of the coat, so as to give free play to the legs of a horse man. J Jut all our tail-coats still show these buttons, which are quite useless to us. Take the folds of cloth adjacent to the entrance to the tail- pockets of a frock-coat, and of others. Years ago, these pleats or folds were richly em broidered Haps over such vertical pockets, and could be buttoned for safety. Nowadays, these folds are of 110 use ; indeed, they serve to guide the hand of a pickpockct with ease, and only by the sense of touch. We may still see these ornamental flaps, with dummy buttons, on the tails of the coats worn by our Coldstream Guards. Look at the braiding, with flapping 'dog's ears' at each end of each braid, which we see across the breast of a military officer's undress tunic. Once upon a time these braids were cords which fastened the tunic. But they still exist upon tunics which are fastened down the centre by unseen hooks. Nearly every coat we wear has either oue or more seams stitched — quite uselessly- — round the sleeves a few inches from the wrist. Some have a piece of braid instead of an imitation seam, This item of dress is survival of the times when mpn hshifajjillv turned back and buttoned the cufl's of a coat sleeve. Many of the coats so used were made of very expensive material, and then the turning back of the culi' was of some use. Nowadays, with one or two exceptions, there re mains only the useless ghost of a once useful detail of dress. Top-boots : why the turned-down upper part stained brown '? These riding-boots were originally made to come above aud protect the knee, and the upper part was turned down for ease ; and as the inside of the boot was of unblacked leather, so it looked brown. But the modern top-boot serves 110 such useful purpose, for its turned-down part is a fixture — and useless. But we see its origin. Numerous other instances might be quoted of now useless items of dress which once were useful. In many cases it is easy to trace the origin of these, for old prints of costumes will often show us the original meaning, and the real purpose, of curious items of our everyday clothing. 