THBatragstlo and taotloal methods of. tbe Oblnese troops In Cores (saya an Eastern paper) do not improve upon ao qualntanoe. From aooonnts esnt by a military offlcer It le learned tbat at Bongbwan the Chinese pitched thfrlr tents and environed tbem wltb a parapet. Having ereoted breastworks, the Cblnsss sat down quietly behind them. Thsy did not apparently think of throwlne out sklrmlsbsrs to hsrsss tbe snsmy; tbsy simply waited to be attacked, and before tbey opened fire tbey always raise a num ber of bannere. Tbe assailing foroe oould easily tell when a shower of lead wss to be expected . The Cbiness are armed wltb repeating rifles, and tbey eeem to bave made s bablt of discharging all tbe cartridges Iu the magazine as fast as possible, for while tbelr firs lasted It was a ball of bullets, and wben It ceased calm continued for a very peroeptlble Interval. Tbelr aim leems'tc hsve been even worse than that of tbe gunners In the Chinese fleet, a faot that will surprise many people, for the general Impression bas bltherto prevailed outside Cblna that tbe Cblneee troops wereexoelleut marksmen. Ooe thing can be clearly seen from tbe state of tbe captured rifles, tbat tbe Cblneee soldiera took exceedingly bsd oars of tbem. All show rnet of long standing, and bear other marks of oarslrw treatment. A quite learned and antiquarian |dls ousslon baa been appearing In the I Vestmimter Gazette aa to whether Maoanlay spontaneously ooneelvsd tbe New Zealander sketching tbe ruins of St. Panl's from London Bridge, or whether be appropriated It, consolously or unconsciously, from another writer. Many correspondents show tbat tbe Idea was not wholly orlglnsl. Mr. James Boose contributes one of tbe moBt noteworthy quotations which he takes from tbe preface to the English quarto edition of Labtilardifere's ' Voyage In Search of La Peronse during 1781-94,' published In London during tbe very year tbat Lord Maoanlay was boro. Tbe writer esys:— 'Tbe period may arrive when New Zealand may produce ber Lookee, ber Newtons, and ber Mon teeqnleoa ; and wben great nations in tbe immediate region of New Holland may send tbelr navigators, philosophers, and antiquaries to contemplate the ruins of ancient London and Paris, and to trace tbe languid remains of the arts and sciences iu tbls quarter of the globe.' One tblng is st least certain. Othere entertained the thought to which Maoanlay gave utterance ; Macaulay made It famons. Speaking of tbs new volnme of the ' Proceedings of the Psychical Researob Society,' tbe Daily Chronicle says It con tains fine set of ghost stories. Tbe ghost tbat rattles tbe fire-Irons and ooughs ; tbe ghost tbatrea'.s tbe Bible; tbe ghost In a cloak, covering Its eyes wltb its band ; the ghost of tbe colonel wbo cote bis throat ; tbe ghost tbat pot bis hand round tbe bed- curtains— tbey are all bere. It le a relief (says tbe writer) to torn to Mr. j Balfour's presidential address, which is aoloseiv reasoned SDDeal to scientific men to drop ao attitude of 'bigoted Intoler ance' and face tbe batch of strsnge phenomena wblob 'P. R. S.' bas gatbered so ooneolentlonsly. There oan no longer be any doubt whatever tbst tbe P. R. S. bas made some very remarkable and Infinitely suggestive discoveries, and this new volume Is as full of tbem ss any of its predecessors. The Author publishes an interesting list of tbe prices of a number of novels produced between tbe years 1750 and 1860. Tbe list is apropos of tbe Tbree-Volnme Question. Here are tbe original prloes of a few famons works 'Tom Jones' (Kielding),4 vols., 12s; ' Peregrine Pickle' (Smollett), 4 vols., 16s; 'The man nf F«eliRg'(Anon.),2vols., 6s; 'TheMonk' (M. G. Lewis), 8 vols.. 10s 6d ; 'Guy Mannering' (Sootl), 3 vols., £1 Is; ' Peveril of the Peak,' (Soatt), 3 vols., £2 2s ; ' Queatln Durward' (Soolt), Svols., £1 lis 6d ; 'Vivian Grey' (B. D'laraell), 2 vols., 18s ; ' The Smuggler' (G. P. R. James), 8 vols., £1 lis 6d. Ths same authority states tbst the first iBsne of tbe now common 6s novel was In 1861, wben Mesere. Blackwood led tbe way witb 'Silas Msrner.' 