A RUSSIAN LEGEND. (1 11031 till- "GlOBE It may not be generally known that M. Adolphe Badin, the historian, has written an interesting work on St Petersburg, in the course of which he relates a curious ghost story connected with the Imperial Family, which caused great sensation among the credulous a few years ago and which still affords food for the gossips. It took place in the Church of St. Isaac, which contains, among other relics, a statue of the Holy Virgin, covered with precious jewels offered up to her by the faithful. It appears that not long after the death of Alexander II a peasant was interrupted in his prayers by the sudden appearance of a phantom which rose before him. It was that of the lusuastnuteil Emperor, who wore the same blood stalin d mantle as that which he had on at the moment of his tragic death his spectre walked slowly to the statue, knelt down, prayed for a few minutes, and then vanished. The peasant, although stricken with terror, was able to follow the movements of the mysterious visitor, and felt sure that he was not dreaming Still trembling he described his adventure to the verger of the church, who shrug of his shoulders and said he must have been drunk in the time, and had taken his visions for r cities 'The verger nevertheless reported the event to his superiors, who naturally laughed at me. But on the following day the ghost rain poured Again he advanced towards the statue and prayed, raising his hands towards Heaven. 'J his time the verger was there, and confessed that the peasant had not made a fool of him. He did not, however, lose his head, and, though afraid to approach the phantom himself, he called in some of his colleagues, who, like him, felt stupefied at the sight. The Czar at em- d to cast a sorrowful giant eat them, and then disappeared behind a pillar. The witut uses of this strange. scene made their di duration to tlieUrnrid Marshal of the Court, securing to the truth of what they had seen. On the next day the same apparition or cure it. On this occasion the spectre not only prayed to the Holy Virgin, hut He walked round the church before vanishing No doubt total now be interrupted on the substrata soul of Alexander II "to'" mented, and he called mon pray in T's" to arouse him from purgatory). The news was home to the court, where, it is I J S pressed) to say, it enacted (kip met.' a'' ment At first it did not encounter c absolute incredulity The in. embers of the Holy) See weieconaiilti during the promised to inquire into the matter i But Alexander 111 lost no time) in expressing his indignation that at dr nee should be give. in to shell a JP which was an insult to the names 'of Hill, r 11' suit for one of his detectives, Zwirner skill "at the, bar he had theBr.»lirt confidence, and ordered him to give up the matter) 'He did. cove went to the church, and, hiding himself he found a nil A'; case for the r. suit In due wise, the phantom appeared once more, "and as on pin ounces HOLD, directed its steps towards the stowe, 'Ila t'lttt.tivi, although not a superstition lunn, li It somew hut traces). Hi '"1st"'" Alexander II., and secured ., " .," him again as he was on the ills of his aBiiuHiilnation, with his HW bathed in blood and Bettering excruciatIng seen). 'the ghost played loHKor s s sTate than usual. 'The detective, blustering up all his - cures.', glided softly toward but move 1 further away. Instinctive) the Ol t, clive glanced at the statue, ami<¡«.oierej that many of the most valuable wishes wanting This fact at once married his <? '* to lie daahl. alter the phantom, is his turn. at it to become, thing stuff'' and than a vision 'life next year 1 It is a BA going to r. luiHO itself from the de active Er li but in vain. It was simply a theft who, fled with considerable l«»«'«»»^ audacity, hut conceived the idea of Polish g the Vlies In the midst of the horse until lg his apparition is the J.iiiporora Kitty 2 2 was taken to prison, and eventually I I was contained in went-at least so the hg«.W» runs. 