LADIES' COLUMN. Under this head we will bo prepared to recsive and answer, a a far as possible, my in quiries •which onr subscribers may be pleased to send in, addressed iwder cover, to " Mpdge," Advertiser Office. A WASTE OF HAPPINESS. It is wonderful how little parents, even mothers, appreciuto their children. One hour after dinner in thu twenty four is all they care to seo of them. The little things are most interesting and attractive to efcrangors, and they try to win the attention of their parents in the prettiest ways, but the parents remain stupidly indifferent. Only when chil dren have grown up and gone away from home, or when death has taken them to the Great Fatherland—only then do some fathers and mothers know the happiness of which they deprived themselves when they under valued the society of their children. People run after the excitement of so-called pleasures at a distance, because they do not know that one of the purest and truest kinds of happiness is present to their hands if they would only grasp it. Wo mean the happiness that conies from the right use arid cultivation of the ! domestic affections. ' Oh, for the touch of a vanished hand !' We only know the value of love vthen we have lost the opportunity of enjoying it.—" Tlie Quiver.'1 FRIENDSHIP BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN. A woman's beauty is, afte all, the moat formidable of all barrier to disinterested friendship. Beauty, my lord, 'tis the worst partof woman, A poor weak thing, assaulted every hour By creeping minutes of defacing time ; A superficies, which each breath of care Blasts off, and every humorous stream of grief Washeth away as rain doth winter snow. When love comes in at the door, friendship flies out of the window, and seldom finds its way back. Not often from the ashes of a dead love will the plicenix of friendship arise; com monly the only form that stirs there is the pale brooding ghost of departed bliss—the only sound that moves, the si«h of shattered faith. 'Nay but,: s:tys one, ' there fu-e many instances in disproof of that. Take Madame Recamier, for instance ; did she not turn many of her lovera into friends, and did tlioy not live for years in parfect amity?' Well, she claimed to have done so, but it is difficult to believe that she did not feed their attach ment with thin, delusive hopes. It costs so little effort to send a tender glance from eyes so eloquent as hers; and though la belle Juliette affected to ignore the source of her power, none knew better than she that it lay in her beauty.—Sir Herbert Maxwell, in "Nineteenth Century." SUMMER SUGGESTIONS. Do not make too many visits, and whore you go be sure that your visit is a convenient one. Do not entertain too generously; sum mer should bo a time of rest, and it is difficult to rest with a house full of quests. Camphor-ice and buttermilk both give relief from sunburn. . Place a large dish of water in a room where the heafc is very oppressive. Change once or twice and the temperature will be perceptibly lowered. Sponge your babies with cold water at bed time. Give your children water to drink during the hot weather. They need this to make up for the loss of perspiration. In washing summer frocks, if the colors run put half a cupful of salt in the last rins ing water. For insomnia in summer-time take a cold bath at bed time. Bat your meals slowly. Drink milk slowly. To wash summer silks, remove all grease or other spots with soap and water before pro ceeding. Make a solution of a tcaspoonful of ammonia and a little soap in a pail of water, and in this dip the silk again and again until the dirt ii removed. Do not wring out, but press between the hands. Iiitise in water from which the chill is gone, and hang in a shadyplaco until partly dry, when lay between two cloths, and press with a hot iron.—A. C. Bond, in " Ladies Home Journal." COOKERY. Delicate Biscuit.—One quart of sweet milk, two teaspoonfuls of baking powder, half a cupful of best butter, one toaspoonful of sugar, and flour to make a soft dough. Roll out half an inch thick, and cut out tiny biscuits with a small baking-powder can. Bake in a very hot oven. Calce Without Eggs.—Two - thirds cup sugar, one-third cup butter, two-thirds cup sweet milk, two cups flour, two heaping tea spoons baking powder. Stir butter and sugar together, then add milk and flour; beat well. Season to taste. A pinch of salt improves all cake. Gilt-edge C.ike. —One cup of sugar, two cups flour, three-fourths cup water, one table spoon butter, one teaspoon soda, two tea spoons cream tartar, the yolks of two eggs. / Bake in three layers. For filling take three- I fourths cup of sugar in enough water to | melt ; let boil up and add whites of two eggs beaten stiff. Mix well and add half teaspoon each of vanilla and lemon extract. Spread between layer and on top. Dolly Yarden Cake. — One half cup butter, two-thirds cup milk, one cup sugar, one half cup syrup, two cups flour, one cup ' raisins, chopped, one half cup currants, one teaspoon cloves, one teaspoon cinnamon, one half teaspoon nutmeg, two teaspoons baking powder, the yolks of four eggs. Light part —One cup milk, one half cup butter, two cups flour, one and one half cups sugar, two teaspoons baking powder, two. teaspoons vanilla. Bake in square tins and put together in alternate layers, with jelly between. Make frosting for top with remaining white of one egg, with one cup of pulverised sugar. Neapolitan Cake.—One half cup butter, one t:up granulated sugar, creamed together, one half cup corn-starch, one half cup of milk, one and a quarter cups flour, two teaspoonfuls baking powder sifted with flour, well beaten whites of three eggs put in last. Color half of the batter with pink fruit coloring and ice with pink icing. Shirred Eggs. —Pub a piece of butter the size of a hazel nut in a teacup with a pinch of salt and a little pepper. Break in two eggs without stirring. Set in a pan of' boiling water to cook. When the whites' are set serve immediately in the cup they were cooked in. Boiled Icing.—One and one half cups granulated sugar, one half cup milk, one scant, level tablespoonful butter, boil hard six minutes, flavor and beat until it begins to get white and hard. Spread quickly on cake, with a knife dipped in hot water. Do not put as much butter if it is very yellow, as it will discolor the icing. Confectioner's Frostirjg. — For plain white frosting for a large loaf of cake, take the white of one egg unbeaten; stir in enough ' confectioner's ' ov 'lozenge' sugar to make a thick paste, so by holding up tho spoon it will barely run off; beat briskly for two minutes, after it is well mixed, tlieu turn the loaf upside down, trim off all the dry, scorched edges, and spread the frosting evenly over the surface. Set it away in a cool placo for half an hour, when it will be ready to cut. Orange frosting—Select a nice thick-skinned orange, grate the rind, squeeze out a scant tablespoonful of juice and a teaspoon-:ul of lemon juice; mix well together with enough lozenge sugar to absorb all the juice ; put in the whito of one rgg, add more sugar and proceed same as plain frosting. Lemon frost ing—Grate rind of one lemon, squeeze out half the juice, proceed same as above. Chocolate frosting.—Take a square of choco late (vanilla flavored), break into pieces, put into a double-boiler and stir until melted; be careful and gob no water in the chocolate ; when molted, put in the white of one egg and sugar enough to make n thick paste. Proceed samo ;i3 others. Marble frosting— Take plain v/lnte frosting, cover the cake, molt a little chocolate as above, drop some in straight lines across the width of the cake about two inches apart, draw a thick-edged knife towards you down the middle of the cake, then turn ';he loaf about end for end, and draw the knife once each side of the middle lino. Tins will be drawing the knife in the opposite direction from the middle I line, and will give the cako a beautiful marbled appearanco. Red or strawberry frosting may be made by adding a few drops I of cochineal color (you can get a cent'fj worth ! at any large confectioner's), to the white frosting. 