AOTA POPULI, . — = ? + ? By Thb Flaneur.. A canny old Scotchman is said to have risen at a prayer meeting one night and, apropos to nothing, de livered himself of the following shrewd remarks : — 'There are three things I never could quite under stand. First, why boys will throw sticks at grean apples when, if they waited, the apples would ripen and drop oii. Secondly, I never could quite under stand why men go to war to kill one another when, if they remained quietly at home, they would die a natural death. And thirdly, and most important of all, I do not know why men should waste their time chasing after women when, if they sat still, the women would chase round after them.' Catching on to the last, but by no means the least of these troubles, we must be prepared to hear a shril* soprano shriek that the women do not chase round after the men; but of course you and I, dear good looking male reader, know very much better than that. How often have we deprived social gather ings of the pleasure of our presence in order to escape being pestered by the distressing attentions of the too susceptible sisterhood present? How often have Ave ducked under the parlour table when a timid knock was heard at the hall door and im plored our maternal parent to ' tell her we have just gone out, and we won't be back till about 17 o'clock to-morrow morning' ? We know how often these matters have occurred, although modesty forbid3 any public allusion to the subject, and we can sympathize with the gallant captain in Plautus who sighs, 'By Jupiter, it's a terrible thing to be a hand some man ! ' Even admitting, for ssveet charity's sake, that women do not unbutton their shir — beg pardon — their blouses, and tuck up their skirts, and literally run men down as we do kangaroos, still they get there all the same, and they stay there too as long as heaven — or rather, as long as Judge Windeyer allows them. Heaven used to be con cerned in. matrimonial matters, but we ve altered that. In proof of the above remarks we have the case of Carter v Carter, which figured in our Divorce Court last week, and proved a most edify ing sample of the civilization of the present day# The petitioner swore he was married by an Auck land minister 14 years ago, but he was so enthusi. astically drunk with love and other liquids at the time that he remembered nothing whatever about the ceremony until he had slept off the effects of his spree and was informed by a lady, who was in his room stirring something with a spoon, that she was ' Mrs. Carter,' and she wished him many happy returns of his wedding day. Evidently the be wildered bridegroom didn't think much of his bargain, for the moment he got a chance he slipped out of the house and never stopped running until he had placed 50 miles between himself and the deserted Dido he left on Auckland's shore. The lady soon forgot her grief, however, and consoled herself so promiscuously with other gallants that Judge Windeyer had no hesitation whatever about cutting the nuptial knot which joined a boozified bridegroom to an artful bride. In the good old days it was a glorious thing to be a bachelor, because one could always revel in the delightful thought that he could get married at any time he pleased. All he required was the maiden and the money and the necessary courage to carry him through the awful operation at the altar. Now a-days, however, matrimony is being steadily turned upside down, and instead of the usual gush ing style of wedding notices we will in a few years hence be treated to something like the following society par. The bride looked as all brides generally do, but of course all eyes were centred on the blushing bride groom. He wore a dark suit that fitted perfectly, showing off to the best advantnge the symmetrical shape of his manly form, a large bouquet decorated his coat lapel, and iri his daintily- gloved hand he carried another choice bouquet, the gift of some of his most ardent admirers. His hair was cut close and a delicate odour of barber's bugwash-oil floated down the aisle as he glided along on the arm of his sturdy spouse. Many a social gathering will miss his fairy form, now that he is married; many a sorrowing maid will sigh as she thinks of the joy that has fallen to another's lot. The bridegroom is loved by all for his many accomplishment?, his tender graces, and his . artless, winsome ways. The bride commands a good salary as a book-keeper in a leading wine and spirit store, and the tenderly-reared groom will miss none of the luxuries to which ho has been accustomed in the old home so long illumined by his cheery presence. A crowd of pretty young men saw him off at the railway station, and gazing on his matchless beauty, we were reminded of that lovely passage in the wedding- song of Catullus (appro priately altered)— „ The f airnoBS of hie snowy cheek ; So, mixed with poppies' orimaou glow, Tbe white parthoniuiu's flow 'rets blow, Hoil, Hymnn I H-.il ! W ilh tongs, with preaus greet the groom 'Who comes adorn'd with beautj'a bloom. All of which must be highly satisfactory to the coming man ; but thero will be a fly in his butter aftor all, for ho will still have to fight out the great question, ' Who's to nurse the baby r' Eureka ! I have at last solved the great problem, 'Why doesn't Parkes get his hair cut ?' The answer is, because his ears don't match, the ofi one being two sizes larger than the other, and a revela tion of this humiliating fact would of course destroy the reputation he bears of being the Hyperion of the Southern world. Possiblj this also accounts for the fact that he has no more melody in his soul than a pademelon has in his tail, and it leads him to believe, as Dr. Johnson did, that music is merely the 'least disagreeable of noises ;' but it oertainly does not prevent him from hearing how the political breeze is blowing, or from taking advantage of that knowledge either. The latest whisper of that wandering wind told him that his devoted worshipper Mr. Cullen would go down in the Willoughby election, and with his characteristic loyalty to his friends Sir Henry let him go with a sickening slump that could be heard all over the ' Shore.' In some measure Mr. Cul len's defeat can be attributed to the rash interest he took in the underground engineering game which is still being played to sneak Sir Henry into the Pre mier's chair, and his fate should warn the other conspirators of the great risk they run in attempt ing to place Humpty Dumpty on the Avail again. They should remember that it is a great deal cheaper to learn from other fools' experience than from their own, and that people are at last begin ning to see what hoAviing frauds Sir Henry and a few other sham statesmen really are. It has been truly said that there are lots of men in this Avorld that are like a rooster — take the cockade and spurs off them, and you can hardly tell them from a hen. And that is another reason why Parkes stubbornly declines to get his cockade cut at present. E. M. Clark has been returned for Willoughby. Of the two evils the electors chose — the other. Talking of roosters, a case came before one of our Stipendiary Magistrates the other day in Avhich certain persons Avere charged with ?? cruelly ill treating a gamecock by causing it to fight.' The worthy Solon on the Bench stopped this case at the start and ruled that there was a considerable flaw in the indictment, because, ' although you may allow birds to fight, still you. cannot cause them to do so.' That's all his Worship knows about the noble art of 'cocking,' and precious little it is too. It is possible to cause tAVO gamecocks to fight, although I wouldn't give much for the rooster which, when properly trained and ' heeled,' required any ' cause ' but the sight of another feathered Avarrior within crow of him. If the birds at a cocking match refuse to ' break the peace of our Sovereign Lady the Queen,' the trainers of them, lift them up and tap their beaks into each other's combs until they groAV furious enough to fight to a finish ; and if this isn't ' causing ' them to indulge in an unlawful mill, I'd like to know the exact legal definition which the laAV puts upon it. Cocking has long since been ruled illegal ; but it was considered first- class sport in the ' good old days,' when' Cook's- River, Lane Cove, and Parramatta, and occasionally the heart of Sydney, used to ring with the cheers of the Greens, Cosiers, Taylorsi Rutters, and a host of other sports as the ' steel ' of their well-trimmed champions struck home and made another candidate for the soup-pot. It Avas cruel sport, no doubt ; but A\rc ' cause ' men to pound each other into pulp to-day by offering thousand-pound prizes, and I have ye* to learn that a man's life is of less value than a rooster's. Speaking of the old days, reminds me of another Bible story which would mate very well with the one I told last Aveek. Old Jim B— — , who ran a spirituous snuggery in Windsor Avay back in the sixties, was sitting on his Arerandah one day, when a book- pedlar came along and began dilating on the beauties of a newly-published Bible he 'was hawking' round, but Jim attempted to shut him upby shouting, ' Don't want any bibles to-day. Got dozens of 'em inside — bloomin' place is full of 'em.' ' I venture to think you are mistaken, sir,' was the book fiend's mild reply. ' Bibles, I fear, are not quite so plentiful as that in Windsor.'' ?' Oh, you doubts my word; do yer?' said Jim, and then leaning over till his head reached the bar- door, he shouted to some one inside, ' Sarah, there's a ran cid ruffian ' (real expressions slightly toned down) ' out here as sez Ave ain't got a Bible in th' 'ouse. Just fetch out half a dozen an' I'll jab 'em down the beggar's throat.' After a painfully long an-j arduous search Sarah at last came out with a few torn leaves and a battered cover and timidly re marked that ' that Avas all the Bible she could find.' Jim surveyed the wreck for a few moments, 'more in sorroAv than in anger,' and then scratching his head for consolation, he turned to the hawker and said, ' Darn my eyes, Mister, ef I thought we- was as short 0' bibles as that. You can leave five or six, but they must all hev different covers, ez th' kids .'I* fight like th' very devil if they can't spot their OAvn books.' Poor Mrs. Mellon is popping up again, and her spooky victims are advertising her breezy business Avith a persistency Avorthy of a better cause. Of course the lady is fading away as usual, probably because the supply of Motion's food for spooks, or ohocolate creams, has been stopped of late. Judg ing from all we hear, raising the spirit 'shades' must be heavier work than raising the mud from Shea's Creek, and that is certainly not what one would call a picnic pastime for the summer season. 1 Some time ago we were sorrowfully, and I presume | reluctantly, informed by Mrs. Mellon herself that I her 'lower. limbs'' were so attenuated that her ; stockings had to be kept up by means of the cele- I brated ' Stick-fast Paste' (or words to that effect)- I and her upper structure had shrunk to such an *; extent that she Avas compelled to resort to the : harmless, but decidedly peculiar artifice of assisting ] Nature by means of horse-hair padding. To-day ] a party Avho styles himself 'An Observer,' and who writes very like our old ghost-hunter friend, Mr. Hetherington, who, it will be remembered 1 ' saw it all' on several occasions, and who fairly i worships Mrs. Mellon, writes to the Teel graph - and mournfully says, 'I state on my honour that i Mrs. Mellon has greatly dwindled down in he? 1 former physical size, and I would request Mr, \ Wallis as a gentleman to come doAvn and see Avith \ his own eyes if this statement is not true.' This is really chivalrous on the part of ' An Observer,' ] but in my private capacity as a lawfully-married ) man I Avould like to ask, what does Mr. Mellon ! think about the business ? 'An Observer' seeing to look upon Mrs. Mellon as if she Avere part of a ?; waxAvofk show of which he is the sole proprietor, \ and noAY he bangs his big drum and shouts, ' Walk \ up, roll up, tumble up, and see the lady shrink ! - Positively no deception! She fades before, your very eyes '.' ; Of all fools the greatest are those Avho run round. ?; imploring people to come and fool them some more. How sane— or presumably sane — persons can really . believe that there is anything spiritual about Mrs. Mellon's childish nonsense is a mystery; and yet we find an experienced man like Judge Windeyer head ing a committee of twelve, ten of Avhom are avowed spiritualists, and going into fits of hair-raising astonishment over the fact that Mrs. Mellon, after being stuffed into a black bag and subjected to other extremely unsatisfactory tests, produced two small ma;ses of ' something Avhite,' one of Avhich was ' heard to move as if dmeing and emitted a kissing sound.' Only the other day Judge Win deyer declared that shuffling feet were a sign of a lying Avitness, and yet he accepts the shuffling of an alleged. spook's feet as convincing evidence that a rather smart woman can upend the law of God and Nature and bring the dead back to earth for the sole purpose of gorging chocolate creams and groAA'l ing, in the rough ' burr'' of Mrs. Mellon's native town, ' Geordie's 'ere agen — 'ow are yer ?' A long haired crank once declared he was in nightly com munication Avith.the spirit of a departed butcher which Avas teaching him to construct a machine into AA'hich a live pig thrust at one end Avould come out in the shape of hog-skin saddles, and pork sau sages at the other. That was coarse employment for an ethereal spirit, but still it is a far higher and wholesonaer activity than that shown by the stupid spooks connected with Mrs. Mellon's mystic mena gerie. ??;.; ! .' ? ? ... -.: ? ..'? ? '?-. ,.,v , : .:?-. ...'?' ; Once more let me emphatically assort that there is nothing'spiritual about the so-called manifesta tions of Mrs'. Mellon or anyone else Avho travels on the ghostly game. Certain chemicals and a slight knowledge of ventriloquism are all that is necesary to produce the senseless stuff Mrs.. Mellon recently treated her favourably-prejudiced audience to, and he Avould be a poor conjuror indeed who could pro duce nothing better. Mrs. Baldwin, under more seA'ere tests, brought out faces as well as shadoAvy forms, and could do more by the aid of trickery in one hour than Krs. Mellon and her ghostly idiots can do in one year. i It was blasphemously stated in the Domain afeAV Sundays ago that Jesus of Nazareth was merely a highly-gifted spiritual medium, and His miracles 'were simply 'manifestations' of a high order Well, I will cheerfully believe in any. medium' who : comes forward to- day and feeds five thousand of Sydney's hungry poor on such small food material as seven loaves and a few little fishes. We have plenty of mediums who can set a table thumping about a room, but AA'hat Ave want most to-day is a medium , who can keep a table still and cover it Avith more substantial food than chocolate creams and jujubes. I haAre never yet met a medium Avho could'hush the winds or calm a storm at sea, or do anything else of the slightest use to mankind, and until 1 do I Avill set down all mediums as utter conscious or unconscious humbugs Avhose seances should be Avatched by twelve detectives or experts connected with a lunacy asylum. Sooner or later all ' successful seances*' meet with a crushing expo sure. Certainly the merits of a transaction are 'invariably judged by the success it obtains, but this is not always a safe rule to follow. An American medium Avas once most successfully tarred and fea thered, but I would be sorry to suggest such a plan of campaign as that. It is better to let the spook raisers fade away after the stylo now so . loudly deplored by the man ' who saAV it all.' During a thunderstorm at Wiseman's Ferry on Saturday Robert Hearne was struck by lighting, but subsequently recovered. Mit. Hoskins, M.L.C., was garroted while walk ing at Darlinghurst on Saturday night, and in ad dition to being A'iolently assaulted Avas robbed of a gold Avatch and some valuable papers. IvY-Waddell, youngest daughter of Mr. David Waddell, of Bathurst, Avas riding with her father on Tuesday, Avhen her horse stumbled throwing the rider heavily on to the ground, and killing her.i Deceased was twelve years old. 