SNight- and Day. [BY THE "OWL."] Once more into the breacls! Under this heading, dear readers, the writer has, very gret, ploasiire in- intro ducing himself, literary speakiing, to iithe numerous subscribers of this ;journal, and hopes.that his efforts in contri buting, in a racy style, a colunm or so occasionally of light readable,matter, will prove worthy of their appreciation. V ith these few remarks by way of in troduction I shall now proceed : \- Moonlight flits in large cities, we are told, are of frequent occurrence and in variably successful, the modus operandi of the parties concerned, in sonme in stances, being highly amusing. How ever, in small townships very seldom the practice is indulged in, unless the defaulting debtor is thoroughly con vinced of thus successfully evading his creditors. But it's only the other day in this township I heard of such a case, one which might be described as partly satisfactory to two creditors, but deucedly hard luck foP tihe others. According to Dame Rumor, who, by-the-bye, is not always correct, the much-trusted debtor had ridden .tl?e anxious. old war-lihrse "Credit" till lhe absolutely refused to budge one inch further without being fed. Naturally, the :next move on the levanter's chess-board was to nominate for the Ghywekh Stakes, which was to be run late that night. The preliminary canter, i.e., getting everything ready big box, little box, bundle, etc.-was se complished all right, and a start made. But the gentlemen who had a pecuniary interest in this Pay-Nobody horse had known for some time the old 'un was too heavily-weighted, and closely.kept' their" lamps" on him, Strange to say, the poultry in the back had detarminod to give the alarm in case their mid night slumbers were disturbed'~or their health in any way impaired. - By Jove, well they did it, tool After a few , miles down the line hadbeen traversed, the cute young tradesman No.1, -he of 4 the -fast trotting stable, overtook the , midnight caravan of wattle bark fame ( near Moe, stuck up (the four "frames" I crying out for more oats or no further), to the astonishment and disgust of the Jehu. "Not one inch further will you r go unless you give up possession of your E goods and chattels in liquidation of your indebtedness to me," shouted the exasperated creditor, whose motto ap pears to be through life to " take every man to be honest till he proves him a rogue." At this stage No. 2 appeared on the scene, and added his quota of doughy expressions of -disapproval, A And Mr Creditors scored, too, as by giving Pay-Nobody a couple of quid and taking, possession of the uIovable stock-in-trade, they all cried quits, and went on their respective ways, the former pleased, whilst the latter was relieved of his furniture and greatly down-spirited. - But ' where does the landlord chip in? Is lhe not unknow inglyin, reality. mastebr-of tlhsesitua tion :after all ?.? Grand tableau-Other creditors enraged, but have to grin and bear it. ' Great Caesar's Ghost I How strange it is that in my rambles in Victoria I always'manage to come within a respect able distance of Miss Helen Hart. I wsonder how my estimable " ringletted" friend looks after so many years weather ing the storm single-handed I I should have thought by this' time the fair(?) Heleno would have' acquired sufficient filthy lucre to enjoy that peace and calm tranquility we occasionally hear t tell of. Thirteen years ago " Women's Rights," etc., was her favorite subject, i but now she finds ;ditcasting the young folk on " Love, Courtship, and Marriage," pays slightly hetter.- In deed, Miss Hart ! " Yes, the greatest mistake I mcide in may life was in' not opposing Tommy Bok for Brighton" t the irrepressible 'eataess publicly an nounced years ago . . . lWhat 3 a glorious career there would be for her at the present time in New Zealand ! I Just fancy Terence O'Hagarty waltzing into court chargel with "boozing" or 3 putting his wife's eye in a sling and Miss Hart the presiding magistrate. Me thinks I hear the omniousPwords front t the bench," O'Hlagarty ynu're a disgrace to humanity ; I'll teach you better. You're sentenced to 12 months' im prisonment without the option of a fine -and hard labor, too I" (Exit the son of ould Erin at double quick time.) But this is by the way. To return, I would like very much to know, you know, where she gained: her knowledge of love making. Possibly she speaks from ex perience, yet the young chaps doubt it. Never mind, old' girl, in my humble opinion you're worth a dozen' horrible men, sad I hope before we both kick the bucket to hear of .you- being.;much married-yes, your own dear, sweet, darling self... The " Owl" in his hootings the other evening dropped across a party who had that night made up their minds to make a stidden sally on a horise where the feminine gender were predominant .. But were they caught esrdishabille by the exuberant spirits who had deterhined to devote an hour at the shrine of Torpsi chore or eating blomonges and niaking rash promises ? Not a bit of it, for, like most " surprised people," they knew all about it, and had, in addition, invited other guests. Thus the combined forces spent a very enjoyable evening, and are now looking round for some other good tempered widows's room to polka in. Democratic John Hancock and the Age appear to be on speakiag terms Sagain. It was a terrible knock-down blow for pompons Jack to be defeated by the little butcher-in fact, the Col linewood pet reckoned himself a veritable " dead-bird." But he's found out now that he might as well run agin' a brick Swall as go against the newspapers : but a Davie Gaunson can't see it yet. How ever, Jack says he'll come againi at the ,ext election, and with Prenidergast will t make the Lower Chamber shake with Trades' HIallism, and give Patterson what for. I've often seen.little nick-nacks which. were brought to this country from the old dart ,5 years 'ago, but I was .com pletely staggered when I was shown the other day -a smallnjug which had done useful service for a reoident'of Morwell's great, great grandmother 150 years age .in Merry England. A fart-! I-veture to say there were not ninny youngsters within reach of it,"'or by this time it would have been smashed and scattered from Timbuctoo to Coolgardie, or, for aught I know, one piece might have "growed" into a sugar- basin or jelly fish, and another changed itself into a mountain.of dell, Any one of an in qunsitive turn of mind desirous of further information, by interviewing - Mrs. Worrall, the affable landlady of the Morwell coffee palace, can have his or her curiosity satisfied. True, Mr Charles Middlewick (" Our Boys,") " Life's made up of surprises." Risen to the highest pinnacle of social and Parliamentary.fame one day, as it were, and the next arraigned on a criminal charge, " polishing the pave," or, to take a more serious turn---. ' With the blue sky above, and the earth beneath, To die a mendicant'a death on the wallaby track." Pardon my sudden solemnity, friends. But, I suppose, sooner or later we all have our vicissitudes in life, and it's now Sir Matthew Davies' torn. . Of course, poverty's no disgrace, but obliged to too the line as a felon is de grading and a stain on a man's character for life, more especially when holding a prominent position in society.- - Why don't the young men, marry ? Alt, that's . the question.! - I'll tell you the reason, mother. - You see us chaps would sooner beo single than marry a young woman who had no other quail cation for such happiness than to play the piano nicely,.sing -sweetly. and be genteel-looking. In the first-place they would require a servant and desire to indulge in luxuries which our pockets couldn't or would'nt stand. We want a .young woman with plenty ot. good tinmb.r under her, one' who takes kindly to stitching buttons on, the wash-tub and the kitchen, as well as the drawing room and piano: also to be able to work a Singer's sewing-machine, the local energetic agent of which firm (Jack Walsh) is ever ready to -dispose of. Failing these accomplishments' chaps nowadays, especially in these days of retrenchment and work so scarce, prefer. to remain as they are.. Whilst on this subject I - can't help but remarking how unfortunate a mis take the majority of young girls make re their station iin life. Common Bill, Tom, Dick, or Harry, all steady young follows, the average blonde or brunette looks down upon, as thlough the latter were modern Cleopatras, and destined to ,wealth and luxury the - emaining days of their life. Just fancy blushing Violet or dashing Kate favoring Clatidio - with " Ever of thee I'm fondly Dreaming," and the self-setisficd air of four-eyed Claudio entsconced in pa's great arm chair, with not even a " browny" to call his own or the re notest chance of getting it! What a grand relief to know, even in our own" oidst, there are - young women with sound :common sense about them, who would msake capable wives and an ornament in any society. Now, my fair friends, I hope~you'll leatme down lightly when -"I venture to tread on more delicate ground, viz., to modestly ask;: "How old are -you?" How : strange it - is, but nevertheless, true, a young lady rarely, gets past a certain age! -A A ase in point. A score of years ago in the tight little islan over yonder I had the pleasure of being acquainted with a charming damsel a few years my. senior. As years rolled: by, in a conversation with the same young maiden, I unfortunatelyliappencd f to remark how swiftly time flies, politely adding that she must be getting on for 80. "Excuse me, Mr - - ; you really insult me, as I'll only, be 22 next birthday." . This is only one out of numerous instances where young girls try and make themselves-youinger than thleyreally are. And, more than that, I in fact, as I've known some resort to short skirts and .flowing hair of:'Sara Bernhaisdt hue. Gently whisper, all for what ? To geot buckled, eh ? ... I presume the weakness of! the sterner sex is the fear of getting a top-piecelike a billiard-ball, HIand me down the office guitar, if you please, Mr. Watson, whilst I softly warble- _ '"An election is coming, my dear, I hear." Bother it! What's the matter 7. Sligbly iitranhe, I fanoy.yet, to theb instrument! Ahem I Very well, some other time will do, I hope. Thus endoth the- first epistle of i strange owl. 