OUR AMERICAN LETTER. NEW YORK, APRIL 28. Three months, ago a wealthy breeder of fast horses in Ohio, named Coxey, who had for years amused his neighbours by his eccentric notions about politics, evolved an absolutely original idea for the relief of the prevailing distress — to wit, that the unemployed should march to Washington and camp there until Congress passed a bill pro- viding for the immediate construction of enough public works to give work at a living wage to all able and willing persons, the cost of the same to be defrayed by the issue of as many non-interest- bearing bonds as might be required. The project was so absurd that the newspapers gave it free adver- tising by holding it up to the public view as a joke, and Coxey for a season was the favourite butt of the paragraphers. But the idea, unluckily, took real root, flighty sympathisers established headquarters in all sections of the Union, and early in the present month so- called "peace armies " of the unemployed began to march from every point of the compass to the national capital. Each army had its general, with a staff of ad- jutants, and its members were organised into regular companies, with banners and baggage waggons and tents. Coxey's own brigade carried at its head a silken standard with a figure of the Saviour, "the Prince of Peace," and among other inscriptions displayed were, "He was a carpenter" and "Peace on earth and goodwill towards men." The discipline in the various armies has been lax or rigid, according to the notions of the several generals, but in the main the men have been kept thoroughly under control, and tramps and unnaturalised foreigners, whenever discovered, have been expelled by court- martial. In Kelley's Brigade, the largest of all, the introduction of liquor in the camp has been absolutely forbidden, and wherever the troops have been allowed to bivouac in town halls or schoolhouses, the places occupied have been scrubbed and made clean by the army itself before it took up its forward march to the east. On the Sabbath each army holds religious exer- cises, and one of the generals on last Lord's Day preached on the "Vision of St John in Patmos." Recruits are required to bring with them a change of underclothing, soap, towel, and a comb. No doubt, many idle and vicious persons form part even of the best of the armies, but the great majority of the men are really, as they profess to be, persons who have always hitherto lived by honest labour. During the last few days, however, there have been signs that the tone of the armies has degenerated under the strain of pressing difliculties and privations. The one thing desired, of course, as in all modern military operations, has been to obtain control of the railroads leading to Washington that is, in plain English, to get free transportation; and the leaders of the armies have laboured earnestly to convince the agents of the great railroads that since it was to the mutual interest of all parties that Congress should be stirred up to do its duty, the best way speedily to earn higher dividends was to help the Army of Peace to consummate its beneficent work. But the railroad men have stuck stolidly for the most part to the principle "No pay, no ride," although a few of them have occasionally filled up empty cattle cars with the campaigners, and carried them forward gratui- tously a couple of hundred miles or so. This question a week ago culminated at the great city of Omaha in a crisis. Kelley's army had camped only a few miles away, and the city authorities were anxious that the visitors should, if possible, be hurried away without delay. The railroads, however, were obdurate, and then the knights of labour mustered in their might — 15,000 strong — and 3000 of them, marching in military order over a bridge to the rail- road depot, captured a train and took it to the army. At the gate of the bridge over the Missouri the railroad superintendent met the leaders and begged them, whatever else they might do, to "break step," as the regular tramp of so vast a body of men would do great harm to the structure. This was cheerfully complied with and as soon as the depot was reached a young engineer sprang upon a locomotive driven by his own father and crying out, "You are my pri- soner, pop," took hold of the lever and ran the engine up and down the yard picking up the neces- sary cars until all was ready for Kelley. But Kelley refused to accept the stolen train, except to send by it into the city for treatment at the hospital a score of sick soldiers. At other points, however, such scruples have not prevailed, and several trains have been captured, and in one case the cam- paigners have had a bloody fight with the officers of the law, in which the dead-roll showed two on each side. Probably, therefore, in spite of good intentions the armies may, after awhile, fall into open rebellion and disorder, and in that case the State troops will make short work of them. But it is not surprising that European critics fail to see why such masses of men have been permitted to gather together at all. American citizens, however, have the con stitutional right not only peaceably to assemble, but also to bear arms, and it is only in the clearest case of intended and wilful disorder that the authorities can call upon a mob to disperse. Be- sides, these particular mobs, like nearly all Ameri- can rioters and lynchers, are organised bodies, altogether too much like a real army to be rashly handled. Not even in Germany are the masses of men so familiar with the elements of military discipline; for in every American school the children are taught how to form in com- panies and wheel and turn, and in after life, political and trade parades complete the training. Indeed, many shrewd observers believe that the one great distinguishing mark between the European and the American is the readiness of the latter to gain his object by keep- ing silent and obeying a leader; in other words, the instinct of organisation has become developed in him to a new and higher point. Everyone remembers how in 1877 the insurgent railroad hands within a single week took control of nearly all the lines east of the Mississippi, established order among their own members, and treated for- mally with the general Government at Washing- ton as to how the mails should be transported. This is indeed the one thing uppermost in all American minds to-day. Shall we see ever again the bloodshed and havoc of 1877? There can be no doubt that if there were any clear way in which the few thousands of very rich men — the plutocrats — could be abolished by violence, the violence would soon be forthcoming. But it is hard to see how they can be reached, and the census shows that after all they own but a small percentage of the national wealth. Those official returns prove absolutely beyond cavíl that 1\. Nearly sixteen thousand million dollars is in- vested us farms, stock, and equipment in the United States. 2\. Not half of the four and a-half millions of farms are mortgaged at all. 3\. Such as are mortgaged are in the aggregate mortgaged for less than half their value. 4\. More than one-half the mortgages are owned in the same State in which the lien lies. 5\. The total amount of farm mortgages is less than thirteen hundred millions, while the value of the farms themselves is more than thirteen thousand millions. 6\. The mortgage debt on real estate in New York county and 11 of the populous adjacent counties in New York and New Jersey is more than one-half as much as the mortgage debt of the entire West (from Ohio westward) cities, farms and all! and is 21¼ per cent. or more than one-fifth of the whole mort- gage indebtedness in the United States. Two-fifths of the American population, therefore, live on their own land , and of the 41,000 millions of American property other than farms, three- fourths is very widely distributed. The savings banks of New York State, for example, have deposits of 750,000,000dol., and even in New York city, where large estates are most common, and where the Astors alone own 3000 houses, there are no less than 21,000 owners of 80,000 houses, and this figure, in order to give the number of real owners should be multiplied at least by two, perhaps even by three, because thousands of estates are held in trust for the benefit of joint-owners. In brief, it is estimated that three-fourths of all American families own 500dol. or upwards, and any advances that may be made towards socialism must be tempered by due consideration for the interests of this vast majority of the people. The fundamental conditions of American society are entirely different from what they are in England, or even in France; and perhaps for that very reason, experiments to repress the un- written privileges of the very rich may be ventured upon more safely. That we are on the eve of such experiments is very plain. The Senate has been called a "rich men's club;" yet Senator Voorhees, who achieved world-wide fame as the leader of the men who repealed the silver-purchase Act, only I a fortnight ago, in speaking on the Tariff Bill, said:— For no earthly consideration would I paint an unjust or overwrought picture of the dangerous pre tensions and intolerable arrogance of accumulated wealth now manifested in this country, but, speaking in the fear of my Maker, I devoutly believe that the limit of endurance has been reached; that the time has come for a test to be made between the power of hoarded money and the power of productive labour; that the people from this time forward, more than ever before, will organise and take rapid and heroic measures against the continued and brutal dictation of the plutocracy, against the paramount influence of wealth against the rule and supremacy of the rich in shaping the financial policy of this Government in their own interests. The State Legislatures, too, are everywhere busy in laying discriminating burdens upon the very wealthy, and Massachusetts, Connecticut, Penn- sylvania, New Jersey, West Virginia, Delaware Maryland, Tennessee, Ohio, and California levy taxes on collateral inheritances, while New York and Illinois levy taxes not only on collateral but also on direct legacies. The worst of it is that the men specially aimed at are, like Ixion, chained to the wheel they cannot sell out and move away, for not only is their property invested in such a form that it can only be gradually absorbed by the general market, but in order to preserve it from ruinous competition fresh investments of the accumulated earnings are in most cases absolutely necessary. The Gould estate, for example which two years ago was worth at the market rate 60,000,000dol., has shrunk, it is thought, to little more than half that sum, partly because of the hard times, but mainly because the heirs have lacked the courage to keep pace with the improvements of rival properties. The Tariff Bill itself has unfortunately been heavily handicapped by this crusade against the plutocrats. The tax on incomes over 4000dol. was tacked on to it in the House by a vote of 177 members from the South and West (the South alone giving 108 — all but one of its total strength) and only three from the Eastern and Middle States; and the real issue now turns upon whether the Northern Democratic senators will swallow this nauseous dose. Many of them say that the Tariff Bill with an income tax is worse than the M'Kinley Bill without it, but it will be utter and hopeless ruin to the Democratic party if Congress should adjourn without giving us some kind of tariff reform. Only six months remain now before the elections, and, of course, if the Republicans chose to filibuster they could defeat the bill without difficulty. So far, however they seem inclined to let the Democrats have their own way, preferring as a matter of party policy to go to the polls on the double cry that if the reform succeeds in restoring prosperity the Democrats ought to have passed it at least a year earlier, while if it fails to do so only a Republican Administration can be safely trusted. In any case little short of a miracle can save the Democrats from utter annihi- lation all over the north, and the party will pro- bably then finally give up tho ghost. The worst sign of its coming disintegration is the very serious charge made now by Senator Morgan, the Democratic Chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, that Cleveland's nomination at Chicago was secured by the expenditure of vast amounts of money. This is one of those falsehoods that has just enough truth back of it to make it dangerous. The fact was, as everyone knows, that the wealthy Democrats of the East said that only in event of Cleveland's nomination would they subscribe to the campaign fund But the persistence of Cleveland in giving Mr Van Alen, a member of the Astor family, the Italian mission, in the teeth of representations that to nominate a very rich man to such a place was simply flaunting a red rag in the eyes of a maddened ox, gives a point to the charge that will oertainly be made the most of. Senator Morgan, too, represents the Jingo wing of the democracy, and, although the Hawaii incident has for the moment lost its im- portance, it may very possibly flame out again en very slight provocation. Only yesterday a Re- publican senator, on the pretext of discussing the Tariff Bill, spoke for four hours and a half in bitter denunciation of the President's conduct towards the Hawaiian Provisional Government, and he was cheered at every point from the galleries. Under these disturbing conditions, it is really marvellous that the country, as a whole, is not suffering worse than it is. But business is certainly slightly on the mend, and the banks are so glutted with deposits that time loans for a your have been made at 15/8 per cent., while money is lent on call at 1 per cent. In spite of the low prices of wheat and cotton, the balance of trade for the eight months prior to 1st March last was 218,000,000dol. in favour of this country, while the imports of gold exceeded the exports by 53,000,000dol. Deducting 25,000,000dol. for the excess of exports of silver over imports, thcro is a grand total of 246,000,000dol. gained from Europe, or about a million dollars a day. Payment of this vast balance has been made mainly in returned securities, but these have been absorbed by the exchanges without marked depression. One can hardly help won- dering, however, what will happen when, as may easily come to pass within a very few years, the United States ceases to be a debtor-nation. Even now its percentage of foreign indebtedness, as compared with its total wealth, is insignificant, while its ventures abroad are by no means to be despised. In Canada alone scores of millions of dollars have been invested, and in Mexico, Jamaica, the Bahamas, and most of the West Indian islands American capitalists are every year more and more prominent. Under a recent con- tract, for example, all the public revenues of San Domingo are farmed by an American syndicate, a share of which, however, represents capital raised in Amsterdam. The hard times at least promise to bring about one good result — the suppression of the worst abuses of the pawnbrokers and petty usurers In Boston, seven years ago, Colonel Paine started a bureau for lending money at 10 per cent. on the pledge of personal property, which has done a vast amount of good upon an absolutely self-supporting basis. Dr Greer, of St Bartholomew's Church, made a small venture of the same kind in this city during last winter, and its results were so satisfactory that Cornelius Vanderbilt, Pierpont Morgan, and other wealthy philanthropists have secured a special charter for a "Provident Loan Society," and will furnish any amount of capital at the lowest market rates that may be needed over and above the 100,000dol. which has been sub- scribed outright as a gift. In all cases, nearly the full value of objects pledged will be advanced at the rate of 12 per cent. per annum, and repayment will be taken in the form of instal- ments, which, experience shows, is by far the easiest for the struggling poor. The auction sales of forfeited pledges will also be genuine, and net, as with the pawnbroker, a mere device for evading tho law against absoluto confiscation, and the un- lucky borrower may, at the worst, hope to save something out of the wreck. Extensions of loans will be granted, too, in all cases where desired, until the full value of the pledge has been reached. Much of the work of supervision will bo gratuitous, but it is believed that the 8 per cent margin of extra interest will amply suffice to pay for all other expenses. The pawnbrokers, however, will still keep a large share of their business, for the loan society will only lend to known persons, and in cases of real need. Men who hypothecate their watches for a few days in order to find the sinews of war for continuing a spree will, therefore have to resort to the old shop as usual, and so will that curiously large class of persons who regularly at the end of spring pawn all their winter clothing, not for the sake of the money, but simply because the pawnbroker will save it from moths and keep it in better condition than if it were packed away in a trunk. 