Tlie Origin ot Now Useless Items ot Dress. What is the origin of the narrow band of ribbon whioh is around all our bats— whether tall or silk bat, hard-felt hit, ' wide-awake,'1 straw hat, etc. ? To answer thfs question we must go baok to early days, aod we shall see that representa tions of very ancient hats ahow them to have been made of some soft material. In order to make the hat fit the cranium, a cord was fas tened round it, so as to admit of the hat being tied upon the head. This ancient device — useful in its time — hat survived up to the present day, although it is now quite useless, except in the modified way of indicating, by specially coloured ribbon on a hat membership in a certain club or society. In some bats which are badly made, the orlgioal on of the band has been entirely altered, and it now serves to hide a join between the crown and the brim of the hat. Perhaps the strings of a Scotch cap show most plainly the now useless employment of a onoe useful device. Again, why are oockadei aod similar orna ments worn on the left side of a hat ? The reason is simple, but of very ancient date. These ornaments are descended from the larger ones, such as plumes, etc., which were also worn oo the left side of the hat. £*-ok, for example, at the cavalier's plume. Now, men who originally carried auch ornameots in their bats, also earned a sword by their side, which had often to be used in the right band : a projection on the right aide of the hat would have interfered with a free use of the sword — hence, the ornament wu placed on the left of the hat, and tbis position is still adhered to, although it is no longer useful. The same reason also explains why hats are cocked, If cocked at all, towards the left side of the head. What is the meaning ot tbe nick in the collar of oor coats aod & many of our waist coats? In rougher times than our own, men ? 1 ? ? 4 frU* M1UM1 of both coat and waistcoat : as we do now with certain coats — not, however, with our still-nicked waistooats. Yet this nick is cot in our dress -coats, and io many other coats and waistcoats where its preeenoe is of no use whatever— owing to its position— oot to mention the fact that in these ooats do buttons are provided underneath' collar. We probably all know that the two now nwlimi buttons at the baok of our ooats waps onoe of real service when men rode on hoi#- bade, eff nsmaslty, tnndh more often than ifi do. These buttons then served to fasten bttST tbe tails of the coat, ao as to give free play to the legs of the horseman. But all our tafl ooats show these buttons, which are quite useless to us. Take the folds of cloth adjaoent to the entrance to the tall-pockets of a frook-ooat, and of others. Years ago, these pleats or folds were richly embroidered flapsfover such vertical pookets,f and could be buttoned for safety, nowadays, these folds are of oo use to us ; indeed, they serve to guide the hand of a pickpocket with ease, and only by tbe aense of touch. We may still see those ornamented flaps, with dummy buttons, on the tails of tbe ooats worn by our Coldstream Guards. Lvok at the braiding, with flapping M dog's ears' at each end of each braidt which we see across the breast of a militaiy offioer'e undress tunic. Once upon a time these braids were cords which fastened the tunic. Bat they still exist upon tunics which are fastened down the oentre oy unseen hooks. Nearly every coat we wear haa either one or more seams stiched — quite uselessly— roand the sleeves a few inches from the wrist. Some have a piece of braid instead of an Imitation seam. This item of dress is a survival of the ' times when meu habitually turned back and buttoned the coffsofaooat sleeve. Many of, tbe ooats so used were made of very expensive material, and then the taming back of the cuffs was of some use. Nowadays, with one or two exoeptions, there remains only the useless ghost of a onoe useful detail of dress. Top-boots : why the turned -down upper part stained browo? The riding boots were originally made to oome above and protect the knee, ana the upper part was loosely turned for ease ; and as tbe inside of the boot was of uoblacked leather, so it looked brown. But the modern top-boot eerves no suoh useful purpose, tor its turnea-aown pars is a uxiure —aod useless. But we see its origin. 1 Numerous other Instances might be quoted of now useless items of dress which onoe were useful. In many cases ft fs easy to trace the origin of these, for old prints of costumes will ofteo show us the original meaning, and tbe real purpose of curious Items of our everyday clothing. 