WISE AND OTHERWISE. Tho Commissioner of Public Works has given us further insight into the peculiarities of Ministerial methods. Mr. Webb's constituent, the gifted C. J. Weutworth-Cookson, writes a stnggoring hand ; and his caligraphy, after being subjected to careful examination through a strong glass — sideways, endways and upside down — yieldod nothing of its precious secrets ; and tho Minister, properly anxious that tho now literary genius and inspired railway adminis trator should not continuo to blush unseen in tho unuppreoiative atmosphere of Kyahram, and that his wisdom Bhould not bo lost to tho people, sent the MS. to the Government Printer, with' orders to put the matter into cold print and bind it in pamphlot form. Tho bulging browed Government comp., be it understood, is able to read anything that the maddest pen in a pnlxicd hand can consign to paper, nnd would cheerfully procoed to 11 act up " a slab from an Egyptian tomb, or a section of nn obeliak containing ono of Cleopatra's love letters to Anthony represented by human and animnl characters in paralytic attitudes, or to decipher one of E. A. Poo'u unread cryptogams, and set his usual fivo thousand "cmo" beforo lunoh. Mr. Webb's cordial recognition of tho superiority of the comp. is n most charming exhibition of humility in a Minister of tho Crown. To what extent does the Commissioner of Publio Works intend to carry this new scbomo for the encouragement of unrecognised literary ability? — From onr eastorly domains, From the country by tho Murray, From tho fruitful western plains, Como a rabble in a hurry- Tons of manuscript they bring ; AI1 have genins unstinted, All aro scoffed At when they sing, And all hunger to bo printed. Back in townships small and lone, Pegasus will cut his capers ; Thoro a thousand bards havo grown, Slighted by the local papers. When their hopes wore at the ebb Came the news of Cookson's glory, And tho?e bards are after Webb, Loaded down with " pome " and story. Nay, they come with swag and dray, And 'tis well ; throughout the winter Thero'll be work by night and day For the State's official printer. Publish every silly screed, For tho Minister has hinted Tho thing that's hard to read Is the right thing to bo printed 1 Baron Hirsoh's expenditure of £1200 on a dinner to 60 millionaires in London the other day will certainly provide a text for Anarchistic addresses of more than ordinary virulence. Sixty millionaires even in n city where mil lionaires most do oongregato is a surprising aggregation, and their sumptuous banquet at £20 a head is a magnificent object lesson for tho hungry proletaire who is compelled to keep himself and a small family for n month on the same number of shillings. No doubt Mr. Andrew Carnegie, the Scotch- American Croesus, author of Triumphant De mocracy was one of the guests at this Gargan tuan feed. If so, it is to be hoped he ate and drank bis £?0 worth, and suffered the natural oonseqnences. Recently, Mr. Carnegie's voice was heard loud in lamootation over the woes of tbo poor millionaire, who " works like a slave, and asks of the community in return only his board and olothes who is burdened with a great accumulation of gold, and yet can only " eat one dinner and wear one suit of ctotheB at & time, and read the same books and Bee tbo same plays as the humblest." The " humblest " do not eat £1200 dinners, but perhaps the long Buffering millionaire regards suob a repast as ono of tho penalties he has to pay. It is the complaint of Mr. Carnegie, apparently, that commensurate appetites and digestions to suit do, not go with enormous wealth ; but he should be comforted with the knowledge that if lie has not the carter's capacity for viotuals, he can demolish more material wealth at a sitting than 500 carters, and in ono mouthful of his choice wino swallow snitenanco for a poor man's family. The Rev. Mr. Marshall's advice to his Scots' Church congregation in a recent sermon, to take an occasional look in at tho theatres, And tho announcement that Mr. Walter Bentley pro pones shortly to appear againbeforea Melbourne audience, mAy bo nothing more than a coinci dence. But apart from thin, there is something to be said in favor of the pulpit lecture on topics of tho day versus the ordinary sermon. On Good Friday a very excellent exposition of the local option quostion was given in a suburban church, upon a text taken from ono of tho evangelists, on the birth of the Saviour. Quoting with emphasis the words, "Because there was no room in the inn," the preacher remarked, "and my brethren I may bo allowed to say, in pass ing, that there is just as little room for Him in the inns of tho present day as there w&s; then." Henry Ward Beechor was an illustrious example of the lecturing preacher, and from the plat form of his Brooklyn tabernacle (he had no pulpit) the swindles of New York corpora tions, the corruptions of the Legislature, and even sometimes tho vagaries of tho bench, came in for their weekly lashing amid the applause of crowdod congregations. Whether all this on tho Sabbath day was wise or otherwise is not here in discussion, but one of tbo most powerful deliverances in favor of a protective fiscal system the writer ever heard was given by thin revorend orator one Sunday morn ing from the text, Matthow, 17th chapter and 24th verso: "And when He came into the house He said, What thinkost thou, Simon ? Tho kiugs of the earth, from whom do they receive tribute, from their sons or from strangers? And when Simon said, From stran gers, He said unto him, Therefore the eons are free." After all it appears that the Enropoan millen nium is not near at band, and that tho pe&co; breathing deliverances of kings and emperors are nothing bat windy platitudes. Still it behoves the roasters of many legions to keop up decently pacific appearances in view of their aforementioned speeches, and hence Emperor Franz, Kaiser Wilholm and King Umberto have announced, per informal royal circular, that Austria, Germany and Italy aro ready to disarm —as soon at their interests wilt permit . This is iudeed cheering news, for everybody is awaro that it is purely on behalf of the genoral welfare of humanity that Italy bears stagger ingly tho burden of military expenditure, that Austria perspires under the load of militarism, and that Germany consents to take back to her arms the exiled Jesuits as compensation to the Catholics for increased army cxpenditaro. The Triplo Alliance is therefore about to take a new departure— to drop the rtile of the European philanthropist bont on maintaining peace if it costs millions of lives and untold gold— and to attend exclusively to the interests of the powers which constitute it. Nothing could bo more confidonce inspiring than this move, were it not for the obstruotiveness of tho Autocrat of all the Russias, who desires a practical definition of "the interests" of the powers concerned. His Imperial Majesty, like the soeptioal Haliam, has doubts; and broadly intimates that younger birds may be taken with suoh chaff, but that the Russian Eagle desires a more material guarantee before he will oonsent to take the crook out of his beak and the steel out of his talons. If France will solomnly forswear her revanche and Germany renounce her ancient grudge, the Czar will think seriously about dis armament. Otherwise his Majesty holds that "when interests will permit" is a polite euphemism for the Greek Kalends. There seems to bo some slight mystery about the South Australian Agent-Generalship, and Sir John Bray, who fondly imagined that he held that post for a definite term, is not the only person surprised by the intelligence that Mr. Playford — tho once all popular and all powerful " Honest Torn " of South Australia, has suddenly packed his carpet bag, picked his berth on the mall stoamer, and without beat of drum started for Londou with a supercession oommisaiou in his pocket. Why this thusness ? Are the Kingston Government so eager to got rid of thoir . late esteemed colleague as to bo indifferont to appearances, or are they so dissatisfied with ur hostile to Sir John Bray that they felt constrained to jump at onco at 1 the chance of shunting him lest he should get well again in a hurry. It is about three weeks since Sir John's serious illness was Announced, and two months' leavo of abscnco was granted to him. Whatever tho naturo of his illnoHS may be, it has not prevented him from freely express ing surprise at whAt amounts to dismissal with out notice. When Sir John recovers and returns to South Australia, we fanoy tho King ston Govornmont will have a rather unpleasant time of It, The Tnsmaninn Ministry retrenched Sir Edward Braddou, ami he has promptly countered by turning them out of office and making himself Promior. Mr. Patterson undoubtedly has the sympathy of a fair minded publio in his rcmonstranoe against the numerous efforts being made in a certain quarter to explain what ho meant to say on a rccont notable occasion. Ho is gladly accorded spxco to mako a statoment for him self : — 1 am a guileless innocent; my name Is truthful Jaiuch. I'm never up to (lodge, or any littlo games, So I'll toll yon really all about tho speech at Wil- Hnmstown, It makes me laugh to hoar them talk about this " toning down." And hero I would romark that I have ronsonto com plain— You know on these occasions thoro is always tho champagne— And when a Premier says a thing ho doosn't exactly mean, Botween him and tho public tho pross should inter- vonc. Now nothing could be finer or moro beautiful to see Than tho speeches I can write myself upon tho Trade called " Free"; Tho way high duties operate quite clearly I can show, Or, if required, I then can play it down extremely low. But I hold it is not propor— except in Parliament— To say a Promior is an ass— at least to all intent ; The public should not bo informed on littlo points like these, Although the statoment with the fact quito faith fully agrees. A proper paper shouldn't put down everything you say, Because that tends to simply give a man like mo away ; And this is why indignantly a guilclosa Promior moans, ! And from his palace vitreous begins to heavo out stones. So now I'vo told you all about those most improper games I am a gushing innocent, my namo is truthful Jnmes ; And touching that peculiar speech I made at IVil- liwnstown, Let mo fall upon Iago's neck, who did tho " toning down." Lord Mayor Tyler, with a view to the spread of loyal and patriotio emotions, and believing that these refining sentiments arc to be culti vated and encouraged through the stomAoh, suggests that St. George's D.iy, which falls on the 23rd inst., "should bo commemorated by banquets in the principal colonial cities." This is a large order. It may be observed that loyalty to the Grown has already been suffi ciently well nourished in councillors, M's.P. and tho like by innumerable banquets, with the usual accompaniment of loyal toast?, and tho sugcesteri spread would ueed to reach those people whose devotion to the throne and person has hitherto bren cultivated on a little oatmeal, so to speak. " Gentlemen, will you allow us to give you a magnificent banquet ?" ask tho joint kings in The Gondoliers. " We will, wo will 1" respond the courtiers aud officers of State with enthusiasm. State and public banquets for the commemoration of events or the glorification of the Empiro arc usually givon and accepted in the same spirit ; such gatherings aro of publio men by pnblio mep, for puhlio men, and the poople " come in" when the bill has to bo settled. Tho people of Victoria, not being companions of St. George as a rulo, arc not particularly anxious to celebrate hia day with a mngnificont bxnqnot for which thoy will have to pay, but which somebody else will eat. Rejoicing by proxy is poor amusement, and assimilating banquets through n medium will neither fatten nor fill up. What many of our people want just now is to banquet in proprid persond , and they aro blandly indifferent as to the saint or the event it commemorates. That somo idea of these great truths has dawned upon municipal and State magnates is evidenced by the fact that tho Lord Mayor's proposal has not ' caught on " to any extent in this country. His Worship the Mayor of Melbourne would only venturo to say that tho suggestion would be mentioned nt the City Council's meeting in a jocular spirit. Mr. Henry Pettltfc has not lived and written in vain. If he has not succeeded in presenting theatrical critics with nn ideal drama, lis has, in A Woman's Rsvenge, furnished, as per matrimonial advertisement in The Aget "a middle aged gentleman, English, possessed of an incomo of £16C0 a year," with the ideal of a wifo, and tonders aro con sequently invited as per dramatic specifica tion. But somo doubt must naturally arise in tho minds of "attractive young ladies" who may feel disposed to take a chanco for tho £1600 a year prize with the middle aged gentle man encumbrance rb to whether the " type " which is an essential qualification for applicants is to bo judged from tho heroine of the play, Mary Gladstone, or from the lady who so ably sustains the part of the heroine. With all due deference to a lady of dramatic fiction, it is dif ficult to avoid the conclusion that the heroine of A Woman's Revcngo is, to put it mildly, a bit of fool, while, on tho otlior hand, it is evident to the mennoBb observer that tho lady who plays the roffl is very far indeed removed from any appioximation to folly. Miss Watson, indeed, plays tho not over wise part with admirable discretion ; but that faot simply in tensifies the difficulty. Is it her discretion or Mary Gladstone's folly that forms the "ideal type," which applicants for the £1600 a year endowed middle aged gentleman arc enjoined to study? The question also naturally arises, Is it a &ona; fide offer or an ingenious managerial device? With respect to the first conundrum, the balance of probabilities is easily determin able. A gentleman who advertises for a wifo in such terms cannot well be suspected either of a plethora of brains or of a desire to make up for his own deficiencies in that respocb by marrying a woman of sense. Hence thero should bo no dearth of applicants for tho matrimonial vacancy. Tho New Zealand woman's craving for hor rights is still unsatisfied, and now sho agitates with undiminished fervor for the power to sib in Parliament and to bo an M.P. in hor own right. Mr. Seddon, the Premier, has been waited on by a potticoatod deputation that be sought him to use his best endeavors to throw Parliament open to aspiring female politicians, and ho had no better reply to give than that he thought the sex should bo politically educated before being permitted to represent electorates in the House. This is nn insinuation that the New Zealand woman is not politically educated already — an insinuation she will repudiate with scorn, for does sho not feel capable of taking tho whole control and conduct of tho State into her own hands, and ready to do it at a moment's notice? If the want of political education is to exclude the female elector fropi place and pay in Parliament, it should, logically, shut out the politically ignorant male, too ; and that reduces the country to the necessity of providing political colleges, and forcing oaoh applicant for a vote to patfs an examination at the hands of a Professor of Politics. Having enfranchised woman, Air. Seddon canuot reasonably deny hor the further privilege, but perhaps ho fears that what has occurred in the Onehungn council may occur\iu the New Zealand Parliament, and that, supposing t.he demand is conceded, ho may presently find him- sef sitting in subjection to a female Pr eniier of indomit&blo; will, who'll allow no smiling in tho sacred precincts of tho House, and will insist on early sittings aud early risings, that respeo- tuble members may not be hccu abroad at unseemly hours. Such a pronpeut is enough to thrill any Promior with horror, but having gono so far, Air. Seddon will have to risk it even tually. When he gave tho ladies votes, saying, " Here, dears, hero is a boon for you— the power of making us gentlomen members and Minis ters; go, enjoy it!" had he becnn.jistute man he might have known thoy would presently want to use that powor to their own advantage. When Sir Walter Scott visited Carlisle gaol he inourred tho wrath of a zealous turnkey by displaying somo scepticism when shown the identical cell in which Fergus Al'Ivor hold that affecting interview with tho hero of Waverlcy,- Tho Wizard of tha North is no longer allvo to cast doubts on tho reality of his own crea tions, but his works live aftor him, and havo now satisfactorily stood the final test of ouprotne reliability by affording material for a law suit. It appears that nn ndmirer of Kcnil - worth, in his ardent desire to possess a genuine hifitorio and ghost haunted country seat, pftid a fancy prico to tho Earl of Abingdon for Cumnor Place, where gentlo Amy Robsart was, fictionally, done damnably to death. But the purohasor speedily became dis satisfied when ho found that tho ghost would not walk, and that architectural antiquarians pronounced Cnmuor Place bogus from a historical point of view. Nobody likes to be taken in, and honco an action at law for the osncollation of tho bargain. The plaintiff, wo learn by cable, has hoen worsted ; but for somo weeks to como we Bball remain in doubt as to how Lord Abingdon got out of tlto scrape. Did ho plead irresponsibility for Sir Walter Scott's novels, and go on tbo ground that he had not guaranteed Cumnor Tlaco haunted, or did ho boldly face out tho situation and establish to tho satis faction of the Benoh that Amy Robsart actually lived and died in Cumnor Place ? Anyway, to, obviate tho possibility of legal trouble, tha case demonstrates tho risk of disposing of a ghost haunted property without first establishing an expert " modinm " in tho vicinity to provido ovidonce of historical authenticity. Tho lot of tho PJverina Bottlers promises to bo a happy one, at least in one respoot. Now that tho railway system of our Now South Wales neighbor has ro&ched; the border at seve ral points, a bidding is taking placo for tho Riverina settlors' prodaco that threatens to cvontnatc in a state of things illustrated by a scene tho writer witnessed betwocn the touts of two rival steAmers. A poor Irishman was rescued from tho opposition And literally carried on board the other boat. By-and-byo the col lector came round for tho fares, and was met by tho astonished Irishman, "The fare, is it? Sure I could have gono with the other man, but I gave you the preference." THE LOST TRIBES. (Dedicated to tub Fhkr-trade Democratic Club). A miracle ! A riraclc 1 Tho ' Lorst Tribo " cz bin found ! The Rip Van Winks Hev cum ter Hte On our Uorstralian ground! Their hair is long, Thoir speech is wild. They dosses in the " Lane," An' hails Max Hirsch Ez their Messiah In Cobdon credo strain. They've got their Ark Fixed up all snug In tiiclr " Hnrgan's " tabornac. Where daily rise Their free-trade prayers, Ter bring Victoria back Tor sheep walks an' Poor shoddy days, When aquattors did the grand, Before " Perfection's" Liborals got The people on tho land. Lot orl rejoice, The Lorst is found 1 The mighty Max Is 'ere I His littlo ilock Around him kneel, Quito tight on free-trade beer I They shows the tables, Made uv— sklto, Wot 11 Max " slionk from the mount; " Chorks " Ichabod On Labor's door, Swears shoddy's fortune's fount. Oh Southern Gross, bright Bethel star, Shine thou on "Max," nor such schemes mar. 