[the church congress WEDNESDAY-Second Day. I The members of the Church Congress re- sumed (heir sitting« yesterday morning, at lO.SO o'clock, the Pe cuiden t in tho chair. 1 ho proceedings wuio opened with rul gious exercises. VALUE OF THE CATHEDRAL SYSTEM in a colon i a ia diocese. OKOANISVTI N. Canon Whitington (Hobart) read the first paper upon tho subject of "Organi- sation in Connection with the Cathedral System in a Colonial Diocese." He pleaded for a reversion to early type, a roturning to the primitive idea which made the Cathedral an integral part of thedlocesan machinery, joining tho work of the Church with ttiat of the parochial and missionary clergy, and supplying a meetintr place where all tho work of the dioceso could bo passed in roview and made the subject of utiitad couimol. In modern days, instead of the Cathedral being thus a living organisation in tho Church's body, it was more generally looked upon as practically external to the real work of the diocese, and the popu- lar conception was satisfied with tho idea of a cathedral is an imposing building wherein an ornate servico was ren- dered. But, in truth, the primary purpose of the Cathedral system could bo expressed by a rush-bottomed chair in a w.ittlo and dab structure. And, perhaps, it might bo well to roatore the ancient plan which placed the Bishop's cathedra in tho centre of the apse, behind the altar, with the seats of the chief presbyters-i «., the <*hapter-on either sido. As to tho Cathedral »taff, it would surely be well to again put the Bishop in his pieper place, and make bim the ultimate controlling power in all cathedral mattera. His ornee should be a trne monarchia, but assisted by the coiuilium of his chapter, though he does not need their concensus. Yet to ensure the valuo of tho chapter care wonld have to be taken to secure inde- pendence of action in tho election of its members. Might not thero bo a return to tho early precedent under which the Dean waa olected by the chapter. Thin the canons of to day, might be moro closely assimilated to their brethren of the primitive times by their being chosen for the double office of city incumbents and canons of the Cathedral. It was scarcely a common-acnao plan to have a large proportion of a small chapter resident so far off from the centre as to bo practically inoperative. The Doan.too, ought to bu arch- deacon for tho city and suburban parishes, as was the case in roany of the ancient dioceses. Nor need there bo any ignoring of tho country clorgy by such an arrangement, for the rural deans, with their important diocesan duties, ought aleo to be on the capitular body. Archdeacons for country districts, ton, should bo drawn from men who have worked with and know the clergy m ho livo in tho country, and all arendeacons ought to have an ex oficio seat in chapter. As the colonial Church had adopted tho system of lay co-operation, framing Church legislation through her Synods, so it would seem only logical that the laity should be represented upon the Cathedral body. There was not want- ing early precedent for such a proceeding, and even the Council of Trent recognised tho possi- bility of lay members of the CatV.edtal chapter«. Might not the members of the Diocosan Councils, who represented the picked mon of tho Synods, be associated with tho Cathedral, and bo make a bond of union between Synod and Chapter? Inila work the Cathedral ought to touch all the activities of the diocese, not forgetting the day and Sunday schools, and foreign as well us home missions. The newly- ordained clergy might woll receive in the Cathedral parochial district their first ministerial training, and in this way a mach-to-be-dcBirod link wonld be formed between the Cathedral and the diocesan clergy, who would ever look with affection on tho scene of their earliest ministry. A«, too, the Cathedral is the common home for all classes ot tho people, provision should be made for simple services for folks untrained in song to Und in the mother church of the diocese the opportunity of offorjng a reasonable sacrifijo of thanks- giving. Ho organised a cathedral might well become to a diocese what the heart ia to the body-the source and spring of vitalising power. i The Dean of Bathurst said that the value of the Cathedral system in a colonial diocese would depend upon the character of its organisation and its faithful and efficient use. No organisation could be serviceable except in so far as it was suitable to promote tho ends in view, and the most porfoct arrange- ment might pi ove useless, and even mischiev- ous, in consequence of faulty administra- tion. In the necessarily youthful state of colonial organisations they were more or less progressive, and therefore imperfect. The branch of the Church to which they be- longed was organised on the principle of unity and the co-operation of its members as a body, and to such the Cathedral system was not only valuable, but necessary. Tho primi- tive cathedral was what every cathedral should now be. the centre and focus of Church work in tho diocese. During the monastic Eeriod great injury was done to the Church y the Isolation of the Cathedrals, and one great object of.the early reformers was the restoration to them of diocesan con- nection and Influence. The Cathedral systom was intended to be of value by giving help in council and administration ; in main taminga reverent and dignified model of worship ; in training clergy ; and in mission and special preaching in the diocese of which the Cathedral was the contro The intro- duction of young clergy while in their diaconato into the Cathedral would be of very great valuo to them, as their life at that stage would be a combination of theological study and practical work duly proportioned. Rev. J. B. W. Woollnouoh, M H A. (Tasmania), said that Cathedrals in Ike Eng- lish Church had almost ceased to be features in the spiritual progress of tho Engliah people. They were channeh without water ; they wero empty symbols ; they were trees partly sapless, almost without loavos, and certainly without flowers. On the other hand, they had in the English Cathedral a raison d'etre. They represented, at an v rate, a great historic past. But Australian Cathe- drals had no historic past, and it was necessary to seek some other reason for the expenditure of spiritual force, physical energy, money and time to justify them, and that reason should be thoir immediate use- fulness. The question remained for them to answer why there was not, at the prosent time, room for active life through the cathedrals. In.his opinion the time had already arrived when practical use should bo mode of the cathedrals. One way in which this could be done was to have the missionary head in tho diocesan chapter, and nnother was to include the educational head in the same body, for the Church in the past had neglected too much the care of her own children, and allowed them to depend too much upon outside help and private sources for their education. (Applause.) Canon David (Brisbane) said that as a now chum he had learnt a great many lessons since he had boen in tho colonies, not tbo least of which was the working out of the Cathedral sj/stem. So far as Canon Whiting- ton was concerned, he thought that he was confusing the idea of a cathedral with the idea of a syncd and synodical nction in the diocese, his democratic tendencies having probably led him into that mistake. The Cathedral in its primitive idea was a mis- sionary organisation, and what was now wanted was to get it back to that primi- tive condition. He personally contended that the Bishop should be abso- lute in his own Cathedral and diocese administration ; that tho canons and deacons should he directly dependent upon tho Bishop, and that he should be able to direct their efforts and control their actions. He believed that the canons should be appointed by the Bishop alone, and he did not believe in the election of such Cathedral officers by the popular body. They should be distinctly Bishop's men, whom ho could put where ho wanted them, and to do the work he desired. But at the same time lay help was also needed in connection with their Cathedrals. The Dean of Hobart said that diocesan organisation waa st« necessary to the church life as home worship was to the private life. The chapter should be thoroughly repre- sentative, and should certainly comprise a good theologian, a> good preacher, » good teaehor, and a good musician. As the Bishop was the head, so the Cathedral should be the home of the diocese where catholicity should be maintained. The personal element -s great weakness In both parish and diocese-would then become less. By the strengthening of the Cathedral «he country districts would be benefited enormously, for it wonld be possible to have an interchange of workers without any difficulties in ad- ministration. He believed that the Cathedral might be made a great force it it bad fair play, when energies nnd money that wera now waited were conserved within useful and well administered limits. PAROCHIAL MISSIONS AND RETREATS. The Bishop of Rockhampton said that among church people there was an almost entire agreement as to the desirableness of parochial missions and retreats. It was a matter for thankfulness that hostility and prejudice had .been overcome, and that the Ïiroved usefulness of such agencies had won or them a wide und almost universal wel- come. Many English dioceses had now at- tached to their Cathedrals a canon-miasioner ; but this had only been gradually brought about after years of sporadic and unsystem- atic effort. It would be well for Australia to adopt the right method from the very start. He linked these methods to Cathedral organisation, nnd assumed assent to two propositions :-(!.) That parochial missions and retreats were valuable agencies for the promotion of true religion. (2.) That they should form a recognised oranah of Cathedral organisation, and derive authority and control directly or indirectly from the Bishop of the diocese. Of parochial mlaslons as conducted in England then wera three : (1.) By concentrated effort e*t»rcl»ed in prayer and praachlng. winning the lapMd inaamtoratjwatanM. («.) TtawWwmlidoM inwhkhlnitnieUon in th« Christian faith holds ? mm MtafosiniMt placa than b<*«tatajry ?Mwto to te» emetant. ud h-**. (3) What were known aa itinerating or flying missions. The latter probably were of a type best adapted to Australian needs. The paro- chial system needed" to be supplemented by j homo missionary organisation, having its i headquarters near the Cathedral, with a training »chool for evangelists living in com- munity and working togother as brother- hoods or preaching orders, and these should work in connection with collegiate centres throughout the bush districts to which occa- sionally flying colímeos should Im sent to hold mimions and rovivsls, and nt the saino timo to stimulate and invigorate the clergy labour- ing at isolated ¡post* of duty. (Applause.) Rev. A It. B..H1LK1T (Sydney) held that the Cathedral should be tho centre of all diocesan work, aud strongly advocated re- treats and quint day» for clergy and laity. Would it not bo advantageous to have a quiet day for those attonding diocesan synods on tho day preceding that of assembling? He hoped the day would come when there would bo a canon-mlssioner in every cathedral. (Applause ) Dr. Corlette (Sydney) believed that a return to the original ca'hodral system would mean a revival of the sense of contahty and living union between the Cathedral and all its parishes, making the Cathedral and the Bishop what they ought to be, and were originally, and tbey trusted would be yet in every Australian diocese-the centre of sympathy and abundant blessing to tilt mem- bers of the Church. (Applause.) Tlie Bier nor of Newcastle, in reference to the third class of missions mentioned by the Bishop of Rockhampton, explained a method that had been attended with much success in his diocese, and which went some way toward supplying the missing link. Tho parishes of the diocese, especially those in hush parts, were grouped in circuits of about SO. At the beginning of the year a form was sent out to the clergy dated and marked with the times of full moons throughout the year. The clergy intimated the names of thoso they de- sired tu be selected as misslonerr. Thus a process of selection was put in oporation, and every week of full moon tho best and most gifted men of the diocese were going through the districts. (Applause.) SCHOOL 01' THKOLOOY AND MUoIC Rev. W. a. Milne (Adelaide) read a paper on " The Cathedral as a School of Theology and Music." The work of a school of theology was purhu,)« the most important aspect of the subject of work of a Cathedral. The Church waa essentially a teaching institution, the charge given by tho rison Lord being, " Go ye thoreforo and teach." If it was the duty of every priest in hi« pariah church to minister tho doctrine of Christ, it was doubly in- cumbent on a Bishop in his Cathedral i church. The doctrine of Christ waa theology. It waa impossible to bo a true Christian without having a positive definition of faith. Christianity was a creed ; theology a science. The mam1 conclusions of theolo- gians were moro reliable that those of other scientists, since every Christian waa able by the illumination of the Holy Ghost to verify thom for himself. Theology had several divisions, and biblical criticism and interpre- tation, or the elucidation of the sacred books wherein was contained the doctrino of Christ ; dogmatic theology, or tho systematic arrangement of the doctrines drawn from the Bible ; apologetics, or the defence of those doctrines against the assaults of unbelievers ; Church History, or the rise, growth, and progress of the socioty founded on those doctrines ? liturgies, or the forms of service in which the society confessed its belief in its doctrines. Knowledge on all these sub- jects was useful to every Christian. Can a cathedral be made instrumental in the diffusion of such knowledge? Yes. (1.) By teaching the teachers. The clergy, bound to study, have little or no time. The Bishop might provide lectnreson new books,as Gospel of Peter ; Apology of Aristide» ; en subject« which throw light on Holy Scripture, aa Tel-el-A mama tablets; on public and social questions, on which it nas desirable the Church should signify her mind ; on points of doctrine or discipline which were apt to bo overlooked. (2.) By teaching the laity ;. by lectures in which theological questions' were fully explained, and their bearing on practical religion and questions of the day expounded ; and by Conferences in which the truths of Christianity wero adequately set forth. As a School of Music-that is, tho musical rendering of the Divine service. The Church had appointed an order of morning and evening proyer daily, to be said and used throughout the year. The Cathedral should carry on this service for the whole diocese. On the canons of the Cathedral should devolve the duty of porfoiming the canonical hours. For this purpose there should be attached to ovory Cathodra! a choir school, wherein tonys should be trained not morely to sing, but with the ulterior object of training some of them at least for the holy ministry in a theological college likewise attached to the Cathedral. From school and college should come the Cathedral choir. In the Cathedral would be the school in which candidates were trained io execute the Church's services in a proper manner,» school to the diocese by setting the example to parish churches as to how the services should be porfotmod. Dr. Torrance (Melbourne) substituted a paper on the subject for a speech. After quoting the opinion of Archbishop Benson to the «ffect that he regarded the Cathedral system of the old foundations of England as " perfect in its organisation,'' he pointed out what ho considered the main objects sought in a cathedral school of music were, first and foremost, the worthy rendering of the praise and glory of God in divine worship ; it in- volved the dedication of man's best gifts of God. Secondly, the creation and pre- servation of a uniform musical " uso " for the whole diocese, in such details as were common to all the churches. The Cathedral should bo an example in all this. The purity of style in the vocal music should be specially aimed at Thirdly, the Cathedral should be- come not only the home of sacred music, but ti nursery of musicians who should spread its influences beyond its walls, and from whose ranks might hu supplied organists and choir men for the whole diocese. Among the great living musician« who dated back their first impressions to the Cathedral services, Sir Arthur Sullivan and Sir Robert Stewart were named as conspicuous examples. Thero Was no reason to suppose that the Church in tho colonies might not in turn, by the aid of the Cathedral schools, be very successful in this direction. The speaker proceeded to state the means necessary for the attainment of these desirable objects. They were money, men, and management. Money was needed to found a Cathedral Grammar School for the education of choristers, to found scholar- ships, to give prizes, and to provide a good musical library. The chapter should contain one or moro mon in orders, who could do much. The precentor should at least bo a sound musician. His voice should be heard not only in the choir but in tho council. It was an anomaly for a member of the laity to discharge such duties ; also for canons to be chosen for every other qualification than that which they might bo expected frequently to exercise, know- ledge, discrimination, and sound judg- ment, namely, iu regard to the music ot the services. Good raanagomoiit was indispen- sable. With regard to the creation of a musical "use" for tho diocese and the attain- ment of uniformity, the frequent holding of choral festivals or periodic meetings of the combined choirs of tho diocese were strung y advocated. They would engender a kindly feeling of unity as well as aid towards effi- ciency. In this connection it was hinted that the duties formerly attached to the office of precentor might be profitably revived. The Cathedral system should be made to conserve what was best in tho old foundations of the mother-country. It should educate, too, by all possible means, develop- ing a taste for what was truly devotional and beautiful in the music of the services, and by drawing out native talent to be devotod to God's service. (Applause.) Rev. C. J. BrammaLL (Tasmania) urged that the canons of tho Cathedral should be competent to teach theology and superintend the musical teaching. The Primate drew attention to the danger of drawing up an ¡deal, forgetting .in regard- ing the picture, present possibilities. As to the presence of laymen in the chapter, it was a mistake to put out of their councils, spiritual and ecclesiastical, the work, faith, and energy of laymen. (Applause) The Bishop of Mel*>oorne said that in his diocese he had found that the admission of laymen into the chapter was an unmiti- gated blessing. (Applause.) THE MINISTRY OF THE LAITY. SISTERHOODS-DEIOONESSÜS-BROTHER HOODS. The Dean of Hobart, in his paper on " The Ministry of the Laity ; thespeoial need and sphere in the colonies of Sisterhoods and Deaconesses," Bald that sisterhood life was a special embodiment of tho essential prin- ciple of the Gospel-love. Love required fellowship, and the religious community supplied its ideal. Love gave itself, and the aelf-surrendor of the consecrated life was its complotent manifestation. But all lives, like all buildings, were not consecrated, jet those which were received the general level. The need of such ideal was universal, and the English branch of the Catholic Church waa as much bound as any other to supply it by communities of women. The self-indulgence resulting from easier conditions of life and absense of great natural chastisement made it specially needful in the colonies. Individualism and worldliness were our distinctive charac- teristics, and a sisterhood expressed the exactly opposite ideas - self-devotion and common life. Their special sphere was edu- cation. But there were many other spheres of work in social conditions such as oura. And In all the collective experience, the technical «kill, the continuity and the perma- nence of a sisterhood were invaluable. It wa« too late to justify sisterhood» aftajr 50 years' experience of them «ince their revival. Whatever objections might lia against th« secluded life of nunneries did not bold of the active order» of to-day. A« to chargea of erroneous teaching, they distinctly claimed to seek "the advancement of the Church of England in loyal co-operation with 'ner Bishop»," who« teaching waa not their ewD, but that, of the Church. If it be the case that all sisterhoods wire carried on upon High Church line* it waa the w«lghtie»tpo»»lble evidence in favour of the High Church interpretation. At any rat« the right persons to attack war« the rs-poa. sihle olergy, not the sisters, Deaconesses were ordained female deacons, and did not, therefore, belong to tha\niinistry of the laity. If unattached, they did not supply the cor- porate strength and continuity needed. If ussociatsd, they became a sisterhood, and as such they were adopting morn and more fully the system of tho lay communities. They, too, must regard themselves as entirely dedi- cated to their otlce for life, for such an in- tention is of the essence of the sisterly Hf*. The sisterly life was preeminently the saintly life. Sisters wero true) sisters of charity. Si.tcrhood lifo had the Lord's emphatic approval. Tho life of a slater in the colonies was the noblest of all. Rev. M. Altt-ilDALL, Director of " Bethany, a Church of hnglaud Deaconess Institu- tion" (Sydney), followed with a papor on Deconessoa. A special need in thesu colo- nies was tim Christian Home, and the principio of the hum» was the communion of labour betwoon rn-in mid »oman. In all national institutions thu help of woman was nee ed-in tho hospitals, school-., asylum«, and ruformatories -and in iha institution of deaconesses thero »as an excellent nioditim .brough which this help couti! be obtained. A Deaconess Institution was nn extension of the principle of the family, and pre- servo«! the family character of the deaconess which was a presupposition of her usefulness as a worker for the regeneration of the family and of society. Then the deaconess remained a servant of tho Church, and to commence i work in a parish or a diocese without, th» ap- proval of the constituted authorities would simply be to renounce her deaconite, and to declare that she was no longer a servant of the Church. On the other hand, be did not support thnse orders of lay workers who were bound together by vows, and quoted and agreed with the expression of the late Bishop Wilberforce:-'*Ii object then, ab snlntely, as unchristian ' and savouring of the worst evils of Rome, to the vows involved in such a context in the statement, as ' She is for ever consecrated to the service of her heavenly spouse.' I object to tho expression itself as unwarranted by God's word, and savoring of one of the most carnal perversion» of the Church of Rome * * * * I add my solemn warning that such tampering with the language, acts, and temper of the Church of Rome in young women of our communion most tend to betray them into infidelity to their mother Church, and to perversion to the Papal Schismatical, and corrup*. communion." Here was a deep difference between the deaconesses who had nothing to do with such influences, principles and practices, and the members of sister- hoods, such as that of Kilburn, in which-he knew with truth-such things as thomarriaga ring and wedding breakfast had boen prac- ticed, even as thoy were in the Roman Church. At this stage, in consequence nf an inter- ruption, Mr. AltcilDALL addressed the chair, and asked for an uninterrupted hearing. -The Dean ok Hobart : I was only saying that it was a repetition of Eather Ignatius. Tho President : Never mind that Mr. Arcbdall; I hope you will go on. (Applause.) Mr. Akchdall, continuing, urged the benefits that accrued to parishes where tho deaconesses were in orders. He trusted that everywhere they wonld progress, and that in accepting them, members of tho Church would always be careful to avoid those workers who were not subject to the Church's authorities, nor in accordance with the Cbnrcb's doctrine. He quoted the following statement issued by the Bishops of Australia and Tasmania at the General Synod in 1836 : -" The Bishops have no hesitation in pro- nouncing their opinion that in the celebration of Holy Communion it is in all cases essential that the celebrant shonld take caro that the manual acts of the breaking of the bread and taking the cup into his hand should be performed in the sight of the congregation. Sucheare, in the opinion of the Bishops, accords with the whole idea of tho Com- munion service itself, and with the rubrical directions of the Prayer- book. They con- sider that this Is one of the points on which it is within their power and duty to speak with authority." Mr. Archdail said the deaconesses who were needed were women who wonld folly sym- pathise with this utterance of the Bishop«, I and who would pray that the Bishops might not only " speak with authority," but eve - act as they speak, and that the ministers under them would administer the. Holy Com- munion as it ia in all cates .essential should be done, and not as, aloa ! by hiding these manual acts in distinct contravention of " the whole idea of the communion service and of the rubrical directions of the Prayer book as authoritatively interpreted by tbo Bishops." The deaconesses required were those who "being justified by faith h-ve lieace with God," and worked fr m salvation, not for it. ' Tbey would mulei stan! the truth of that which tho Church in her lio- uily say» : " Herein, to apply Christ's meriti to thyself thou needest no sacrifice or oblation, no sacrificing priest," (Applause, and hisses.) [With reference to his stntemont about the Kilburn Sisters having n. ring placed on their fingers at their admission service, and a wedding breakfast afrer it, we have learned from Mr. Archdail that he has the testimony of an eye-witness of these ceremonies, a lady of high Christian character and position. He requests us to say that be is quite prepared to give her na.ue and address in confidence to any who may desire to have them ] Rev. G. Spencer (Goulburn) thought that 'tile Congress had wandered"a little outside the boundaries of their subject. (Loud applause.) He contended that inasmuch as deaconesses were members of a branch rf tho clerical order thoy could not fairly be re- garded as belonging to tho laity. Whoio the laity could be a great holp to the Church was in the matter of education. They did not want godless schools-(Applause)-and the laity could be organised into forces that would overcome that evil. The Roman Catholics hod dono so in a manner that could well be followed, and the Sisters of the Anglican church wero doing very great good in the matter of founding schools. That showed what could be done in that respect, ami he deplored that because Romo utilised the orders of brothers and sisters, »ohio people, objected to any such orders being used in the Anglican Church. (Applause.) Rev C Gaiinsey (Sydney), said that if families, no matter what tluir circumstances, did their duty by their children in this or any other city that he hod been in, he had been unable to see what was going on around him. Sisterhoods would bring knowledge to the rich and comfort to the poor. (Applause.) The sisters in his parish had done more good among what was called the lost classes in one year than had ever been dono there before. Thoy had shown him and others how to deal lovingly with thnse people, and he regretted that his powers were not equal to theirs in that respect, (Appliusn ) Rev. S. S. ALLNUTT (Cambridge Mission, Delhi, North India) said that the chief characteristic of their brotherhood and one that most struck those who visited thom was thu naturalm as and spontanioty of thu lite. They took no vows on joining and were free to leave when they chose. Neither did they take any oaths of allegiance in any shape or form, ft might appear very unsubstantial, but it had keen found to work wall in prac- tice. On joining a member had to subscribo to tho rules of tho community. These wero found to givo sufficient power to the head of the brotherhood, who had been ablo to keep them in order without appealing to any higher power. This principle of general free- dom was in line with the general trend of Anglo-Saxon chaiactcr, mid it had attracted into the body men who roii.ht havi been de- terred from joining it if moro drastic lines of discipline wore followed. For tho samo reason tbey did ndt adopt any distinctive dress. Though, no doubt, the cassock always worn by the members of the Oxford mission in Calcutta had Its advantages in hot woather. (Laughter.) The founder of a brotherhood should be a man of great holi- ness and marked depth ot character. The spirit of the founder of tho Cambridge mis- sion, Edward Bickorstoth, still lived there. It was eBBential that there should bo religious life-the common religious bonds created by the practice of tho contemplative life in its firoperand wholesome union willi tho active ife. In Mi years they had only had one de- fection-by marriage, he meant-(Lautrhter) -and what was more they had never had a quarrel. (Loud applause.) Rev. G. MacMurrav (Auckland) recog- nised the value of the priesthood, and the commission given to the priests of the Church, but at the same time it must never be forgotten that it was'the Church as a corporate body that was the spirit born body of Christ. lu the administration of the sacraments the officiating priest spoke not of himself but in the name of the Church, associated with himself. The laity had the right of the position of spiritual work in the Church. Ho pleaded that the Church would. preserve her catholicity.. St An- drew's brotherhood, recently introduced in Australia, ought to receive more attention. He was told that in Sydney in one parish this brotherhood had worked so well that the attendance of males at public worship was equal to the females. (Applause). Rev. H. V. Scott (Melbourne) said he did not care two straws whether anybody else thought with him. He claimed to be a loyal honest son of the Church of England, and did not caro by what name a sister or a brother was called if, seeing some need in a give« centre, either a« an individual unit or a» an organised society, they «aid we will try and do goad. (Applause.) There would be no need for them if every man and woman in the Church now recognised their brotherhood one towards another, and did all they, could in their power to lift fallen humanity and leave the world a little better than they found it. (Applaus*) Their necessity was because «oma men and women liked deputies to do their work. (Hear. Rev. G. W. Shoobridge (Hobart) depre- cated any antagoniam between sisterhoods and deaconeMM. In England recently he had »een four of these organisations at work, and their labour and devotion were practically on the same Uni». Sister- hoods were recognised by almost every Bishop in England, and he thought the time had como for their recegnition in Aus- tralia. (Applause.) In England he «aw two brotherhood« at work on very different line« -the Society of St. John the Evangelist, at Oxford, and that at Oxford-house, Bethnal '.men. They wera not ripe for anything on the lines of the Brotherhood of St. John, but they were ripe for some kind of brother- hood on the lines of that at Oxford-lio-nse. There were 30 men, moat of thuin laymen, ongaged in the city all day, paying HO», a week for living, and giving all their spare time for the work of the brotherhood. Two thirds of tho curates of the East End bad been drawn from this brotherhood. It wa« quite practicable to have some kind of brotherhood iu our largo cities (Applause.) Rev. R. C. Nugent Kelly, h the only clergyman in Tasmania having a deacon««« working under him, said that the whole question was whether they were to specialise or not in their work in Christ's kingdom. He boro testimony to tho good likely to be de- rived from deaconesses and sisterhoods without pugnacity. (Laughter and applause. ) LAY READERS AND HELPERS. Rev. C. PsiuiliRD ((Holbourne) read a piper on " Lay Headers and Helper--, sti pen- dí ;ry and honorary." Ho first spoke of tho ?(lice of the lay reader and its placa in the Church. It was tho custom for lay readers to read in the ajnagogues, and had ever since existed in the church. On Scriptural grounds its existence was justified. There wero proofs of its oxlstenco from earliest time in the Christian Church. On conform- ation every true layman was ordained a priest unto God. The office sprung from the great principia involvod in the priesthood of , the laity. The truth limited and defined the functions of tho lay reader. But it was im- portant to keep th<i limitation in view. The* very name expressed that limitation-to react and expound truths «et foi th by clearly derived authority. He should not give his original views of doctrine. Dangers arose from the forgetfulness of this limitation. Instance» of thu abuses which had thus worked harm to the Church were given. He referred to their going abroad and preaching with the appearance of authority, and in the garb of fully ordained clergymen, whilst they were only beginners. The remedy waa strong cen- tralisation in each diocese, and the constant clerical supervision of lay raiders. HI» conclusion was that the usefulnesa. of the lay reader's office, when duly safe- guarded, was very great, and was, under siteh conditions, of special value) to the Church in Australasia. To misuse and mis- direct the services of (he laity was to weaken the Church's strength. More of such work»» wore needed in the vineyard. All sharecT alike the royal priesthood of the Kingdom of God. (Applause ) Rev. R. G. E. Hayman (Ballarat) rrferre* to the honorary helpers, and offered sugges- tions for the widening of their influence. It had to bs borne in mind that the great majority of those in Australasia were busmen men-not men of leisure-and it would not be fair therefore to overburden them, although it was a common experience that if yon. wished anything done, the safest plan wa« to go to a very busy man and not to one of leisuie. But bearing this limitation in view« hu still thought tho usefulness of honorary helpers might be widened, and their rainis tiy rendered of greater value to tho Church by (1 ) More sustained Sunday employment. Many honorary helpers wore only employed when the clergyman was in difficulties. -Sien did not care to be simply " casual hands." If not otherwise employed, they should be in- vited to read lessons in the pariah church. Honorary helpers should be used more freely in bush districts, so that each little church might have at least one service on a Sunda«'. (2.) Week-evening work. Honorary helper» would greatly strengthen the Church if they would give even one evening a week to visiting the mon in their parishes, or assisting in the management of clubs for young men. (3.) A third suggestion he would make wa« in regard to organisation and training. Honorary ' helpers wero widely separated, and did not realise their oneneaa. Association« should In- formed (where not already in existence) to maintain the definiteneas and unity of their office. Branch meetings might be held anti papers read. Instruction classes or lector«» wero also desirable, for if the honorary helper system was to be dovoloped, there should be a corresponding broadening of religion« education. "Quiet Days" for honorary helpers would also be moat valuable, and would load to a keener realisation ' of the truth that personal religion waa needed no less in the ministry of tho laity than in the ministry of the clergy. (4,) In conclusion he thought that in considering honorary helper*, they should always remember the possibilité of men taking Holy Orders'. Mon of matures* mind, business habits, and a knowledoro of finance, when these equipments were coupled with love for Christ and Hi« Church. would always find a hearty welcome to the ranks of the clergy. The honorary helper« of Australasia were a most valuable body of" men, and ho believed it to be their wisdom when tbay regarded the scattered nature of our populations and in th« absence of Church'* endowment and the consequent inadequate supply of paid workers, to develop tbi» ministry of the laity to the fullest extent, so long as they were careful to safeguard the ministry of the clergy, preserving inviolate the threefold order which bnd come down to them from the times of the Apostle*. (Applause ) Rev.-R. 0. Nugent Kelly »poke oft the necessity for the spiritual weifaro of the men of the Church-(I) that many more of them should be engaged in direct' spiritual work ; and (2) the necessity of thoro being moro organisations and greater' varieties of agencies.employed ins winning souls for tho kingdom of Christ. There waa a twofold call, one to speak in Christ'« name, and the othor the further and more aeriou*. call to the priesthood. The better organi- sation of laymen to work for the Church wa» very noiessary indeed. For the tack of it Ibero were often leakages in the Church. Another result was the atrophy of many ' members, and as in the physical life, led to in- digestion. Still, the men engaged should be whole-hearted. Canon Whiti.noton said that if he wae shocked by any one head dress moro than all others, it was a crimson cap. He saw one in the previous day's procession, and his Pro- testant spirit rose in rebellion against it. (Applause and laughton) He very seriously questioned the real value of stipendiary lay readers to the Church, and satirised their dressing in full clerical attiro, and being* often called " reverend," doing all the work of tho clergy except celebrating the greater of the two sacraments of the Gospel. Such u state of things might produce , great confusion of thought, especially in the minda of the indiscriminate laity. (Ap- plause.) He was happy to say that ther system did not prevail throughout Austral- ' asia. As a home missionary chaplain his experience bad always been that there were plenty of laymen to work without stipend. (Applause.) Canon GOODMAN (Melbourne) had bad 40 yoar»' experience of lay readers; had bad ' constant opportunitie« of watching the work of lay readers, and he felt thankful to Mr. Prichard for the testimony he had borne to the value and the legality of such an order, showing how it. was consistent with Church* diciplino, and to its usefulness. A great work was being done by lay readers. (Ap- plause.) The Bishop of Christchurch spoke favourably first of the work of Deaconesses. They served under the Bishop, whilst the. " Sistors " served under some Home Society. ' Ho preferred deaconesses. (Applause.) Yet, so great was the need in New Zealand for help, that if he could only get .' Sisters" there, he would have them, and thank God for them. (Applause) He believed they preached the same great principles o' the Catholic Church. They had no stipendiary lay readers lu New Zealand, and he hoped they never should ; but tiley had a great number of honorary lay readors, and very splendid work they were doing. He objected to lay readers beinir pul in charge of any district, and becoming priests in tbo eyes of ' the laity. (Applause.) Mr. Cecil Fawns (Christ College, Cam- bridge) pointed out that by becominti lay readers young men got to know whether they were suited for the Ministry. THE CHURCH AND SOCIAL QUESTIONS. RESPONSIBILITIES OF WEALTH. Mr. R. J. Lucas (Tasmania! opened thai - evening session with a paper upon the *' Responsibilities of Wealth." Toe only way to adequately deal with the subject was, he said, from the Christian's point of view. The wise and proper administration and dis- tribution of wealth waa one of the greatest problems of the age, and upon ita solution, correctly or otherwise, the future depended. The development of Socialism had been of late very pronounced, and recent éventa ' pointed te a rapidly growing and wide, spread disregard to the moral law, upon which the very existence of human society depended. The masses, maddened with ,< want and suffering, and worked upon.? * by fierce and reckless revolutionary agita- tors, were becoming . «ource of danger - to themselves and society generally. Personally, he felt that the time waa not . far distant when the forces of civilisation > would be arrayed in a pronounced for«» I «gainst the growing forces of that dynamitic - ? I form of communism which «truck at the very foundation of law and order-in . word, of > civilisation itself. But eommnnisiD, violent and suicidal as it was, waa only a protest against the unequal distribution of wealth,« which present» on one »Ide the«eU-indulo«ssit ? luxury and callou» »elhsbneu, and.on the other abject maddening; poverty and «uffer- ? ing. This was becoming daily »ore »ecen tuatsdi and wa« pretilog forward for the . attention of »teteamen and philanthropist«.. The definition of wealth was a« difficult a» it :' 'was indispensable, ead no hard-and-faat rule ? could be formulated for the responaibilitie« of wealth, although there were certsincenr ral ' principles which ' might be accented. The profesaing Christian, by virtue of his profession, was a member of a great republic which involved not only right« and privilege» but also correlative duties. To such a man wealth was a gift from God, and as such an implied tiust. The primary charge of that trust was a wise and judicious provision for the various requirements of our domestic and social position which from time to time made demands. The difficulty of ascertaining the nature of those demands wa« not so insuper- able aa might at first sight appear, and av Christian possessing wealth would have no difficulty in formulating general it not deft* | nita rule« regarding that tmat. -lhere was »the duty of supporting the church te which .< «mt teloDjed, such church being reflaHeal «.>.'/ , ...,>..*, l-.r> a great moral policeman. Selfish expenditure was not a means of effecting that duty, but there was another extreme in the opposite direction which was also inadvisable, and the fair medium was what might be termed an enlightened and Christianised selfishness. It was an unpleasant fact that Christian men and women did not always recognise the responsibility of wealth ; if it were otherwise it would not be so frequently necessary to deplore the unsatisfactory financial position of so many charitable and Christian institutions. Rev. .1. F. Stretch (Melbourne) said that the subject showed the influence of wealth, but every thing that had an influence had also a responsibility. At one time wealth meant the whole well-being of the man. body, soul and mind ; but nowadays It meant only the length of his purse. Carlyle had said that poverty was an Englishman's hell, and by in- ference it made wealth his heaven—it was a humiliation to suggest that well-belng consisted in what one had, instead of in what one was. If wealth were used in its true sense, the subject would be the duty to the well-belng of those not so favoured, and should be a demonstration that we are our brother's keeper. But in its narrower sense it only meant what was the duty of rich men. These were threefold ; to God, to neighbours, and to themselves. The right of property was said to be a social creation, and if that were so then society had the right to modify, and also to destroy it All nations had apparently passed through communism, and the right of private property had been gradually con ceded, because it was found that communism had imposed too many fetters on the indi- vidual. But in the present tendency there was a leaning back to communism again, and therefore towards a retrograde step. What was wanted, was to establish a definite relation between tho purse and the conscience, for men of wealth had very special duties to themselves They were watched, and could do much to either vulgarise or elevate the ideas of the people. They had also special duties to their neighbours and fellow - mem- bers of the State, and they must study the grim problems of life not with indifference, but with sympathy, intelligence,and brotherly love. As to their duty to God, they should bear in mind that when they stood apart from religion, practically Atheists, they could not be surprised if men, maddened by discontent, translated their theories into practice, and declared that it this world was all that was to be had, then they would take what they could while they could. THE LABOUR QUESTION— CO-OPERATION. Rev, K. Harris, D.D. (Head Master King's School, Parramatta) said that the labour question substantially meant could capital give a larger share of profit to labour ? No general answer was possible; circum- stances and different trades, places, times must bo taken into account, and that by industrial exports. But meanwhile labour was sure of and impatient—naturally im- patient—for an affirmative answer. Effort should be made to understand the question and the difficulties involved in the reply. Such effort was being made at home by the Christian Church Union. Intelligence, patience, considerateness were necessary, but no one ready-made answer would solve the problem. The Collectivists' answer—univer- sal State socialism—was impossible, being contrary to human nature. The Anarchist solution was still less possible, and more inhuman. Society must be maintained at all costs. Modified State Socialism, already upon us and inevitable, under wise guidance would do much good. But legislation could only deal with the material aspect of life. Man individually and socially contained a spiritual element Here was the Church's opportunity ; to exercise her prophetic function and lead righteous- ness and love in the social order. The in- carnation was a pledge of the ultimate reconciling of the material and tho moral. Although no complete theoretical answer was possible to the social problem, life lived in the spirit of Christ would solve it (Applause.) Rev, Horace Tucker (Melbourne) said that the day of the isolated worker and of the petty trafficker was virtually no more. Labour and capital had perforce joined hands. Here was wax, however, on the polished palm, and the horny- handed com plained. He shared in the tolls, he ob- jected, rather than in the fruits of industry. Vast issues were raised here ; confining attention to consideration of some practical methods of co- operation whereby it was sought to improve 'the status of the present wage- earner, and to prepare the way for social and industrial conditions more in accordance with the will of God. Industrial partnership embodying the principle of profit alluring on the part of those already associated as employer and employed suggested the simplest means of ascertaining the nature and adjusting the claims of conflicting interests. Pioneers in social, enterprise had accepted the virtual challenge of labour. "You urge,"they said, "that your share is disproportionate; work the problem out yourselves with us ; receive you the ordinary wage, we the set low in- terest ; failing that we shut up shop ; more than that we equitably divide." A hundred British firms had within the last few years adopted and applied these principles. (Ap- plause. ) Latest of co-operative enterprises in order of time, profit sharing might be set first as especially adapted to a transitional state, utilising as it did the plant and capital of the export entrepreneur. It involved no new creation, and was capable especially in communities such as ours of immediate application. The labour difficulty, perenni- ally presenting itself at tho factory and wherever industry was organised, might be met to-morrow if, abandoning the vicious figment of a " wages fund " regulated solely by the iron law of supply and demand, shareholders would consent to become share yielders, until such time as the State should 'develop its own natural resources. While profit-sharing promised to the true producer a fairer reward for his labour, distributive cooperation made every pound he won worth two, affording him capital wherewith one day to produce for himself. Wealth con- sisted, as we were slowly, painfully learning, not so much in what men gained as in what they saved. Of every pound the labourer now earned, shillings were filched by middle- men, until sometimes scarce a crown re- mained for food - not a cent, for culture and comfort. (Hear, hear ) Fifty years ago this very year the 28 Rochdale weavers made mutualism-3d. a week set by grew to £1 per man, £'2S in all—the first called up capital of English co-operation, now amount- ing to 12 millions with an annual business of 40 millions. Tho Co- operative Union of England and Scotland alone, with its 1,000 societies, boasted more members, women and children included, than the entire popula- tion of these intensely individualistic colonies. One Society owned 350 model houses. The " English Wholesale " possessed steamships, factories, mills, plantations, with a bank turning over £21,000,000 a -year. These obliging institutions made the member a little fortune without his depositing a penny. Every purchase of a shillingsworth added 3d. to the mysterious account. Shades of Malthus! Tho more children, the merrier,tho wealthier! (Laugh- ter.) , The good wife ate herself into her own house and garden. One step more remained to be secured, the general association of labourers as principals in productive enter- prises. The Christian Socialists, Maurice and Kingsley and Ludlow imparted the idea in England. The Church indeed had else- where, why not here, been in the vanguard of this movement - of all that made for social progress. A hundred years ago this very year Bishop Barrington es- tablished tho first people's store, followed in 1800 by the Harrow Church store. Gradually . but surely the sphere of co operative activity was expanding. Already co operation seemed to be solving nome of the grave issues raised by the labonr question. It tended at least to improve relations between employers and em ployed, to minimise the wages difficulty, to interest the worker in his labours, to dis- tribute profits, leaving the industrial cruse of oil undiminished, rather replenished. It encouraged thrift nad domestic economy, raised the standard of living. Tho individual was in his turn assured against sickness and oldage-earning all his life,if anything,more than food, houses and lands, enjoying social, literary, and henceforth, let them hope, spiritual delights. (Loud applause.) Sir Edward Braddon, M.H.A., cordially agreed with what had fallen from previous speakers as to the responsibilities of wealth and the rights of labour. Political econo- mists admitted that capital was tho result of labour, and that no capital could continue to exist without labour. Riccards said that the tendency of wages was always to the least point consistent with the power of subsistence, or the lowest point that the labourer would accept.- What was true of India was to a very considerable extent true of other countries very much nearer. A great reduction in the wage rate had resulted in a serious falling off of revenue. If the tendency of wages was to fall, how could labour be blamed if by one form of co-opera- tion, unionism, it stood out against the acceptance of the lowest wage ? Unions had been sanctioned by law, had operated for good; but unfortunately, in our imper- fect state of industrial development they were occasionally attended by failure. There could be nothing worse for any country than such strikes as had re- cently been witnessed in England, or the dockers' -strike four years ago, or that which occurred more recently here. In some instances labour had justified itself, as it did in the dockers' strike, and the wages de- manded had been conceded. It might be fairly said that the responsibility of these strikes fell to a very great extent on the em- ployers and those in possession of capital. (Applause.) Boards of conciliation were one form of co- operation for settling these difficulties. But whether co-operation among labourers on the profit-sharing principles would be successful must depend largely, upon the different circumstances of towns and countries. It had not always been a success..' He hoped to see co operation, such as that in West Devon, ex- tended among farmers.- It not only secured them the,best prices for their produce, but also obtained for them at the least possible .¿_-.-i-.-U »a. .their command. sell off large areas of 'land to set people upon it. These colonies largely depended upon labour, and there was no more favourable time than the present for its employment.' (Applause.) The Bishop of Melbourne said that the fundamental difficulty was the natural selfishness of the human hoart How waa this to be got rid of ? He reminded thom of the attitude of the primitive church towards property. The moment the Holy Ghost descanded on tho day of Pentecost, the pockets of all Christian neople weru touched. The ideal of having all things in common did not last long. God would certainly call all to a reckoning. Rev. A. J. Watson (Newcastle) was sorry to notice in the debate that a good deal of threatening had shown itself. He did not believe in compulsion of any kind. People would not be made good by Act of Parlia- ment. The wealthy should regard their riches as a gift from God, and he would teach them how to use it. The Church made a mistake in appealing only to the rich for money. It magnified them, and set them up above their fellows. Rev. R Dixon (Hobart) felt proud of the Church he belonged to when listening to what had been said that evening. He had for many years thought out these problems, ami had come to the conclusion that the only way to solve them was by arbitration and co- operation. He instanced his own experience of many years in the North of England, where under the magic of co-operation men had increased their savings like the cruse of oil from a few pounds to hundreds (Applause). Archdeacon Cooper (Ballarat) said it was certainly a sign of the times when the Church admitted these questions to her Con gresses, and the brilliant speech of Mr.Stretch would not be forgotten. (Applause). He thought the rich might somewhat justify their existence by giving proportionally of what was left after satisfying all their own requirements. Rev. E. A. AllensON (Ballarat) held that the existence of a man in this world, gave bim the right to live, and not the miserable existence of many in the old country, also that the right to live created the right and duty to work. MORALITY IN BUSINESS AND RECREATION. Rev. R. Stephen (Melbourne] read a paper on " Morality in Business." After pointing out that the present state of com- mercial morality, though not worse than in former years, was yet most deplorable. Tho paper dealt with some of the causes con- cerned. Besides the permanent root of mer cantile immorality, viz., covetousness, there were three special causes in operation at the present day - (a) the severity of 'competition, which a world-wide depression was increas- ing ; (b) the modern credit system, with its tempations for new men who had no reputa- tion to lose, to get business rapidly at any cost, too often at the cost of character: (c) the development of syndicates, with the consequent weakening of the sense of personal responsibility, as illustrated by the Victorian land boom. The paper then referred to the duty of the Church. Up to a certain point her duty was obvious, as far as possible, to reduce the strain of competition, and to strengthen the sense of personal responsibility;; then to teach the moral law clearly and sternly, laying stress upon the fact that for offenders on a large scale there is no excuse. Of all thieves the would-be millionaire thief was the most despicable. But the special duty of the Church to this age was to attempt some so- lution of the many difficult problems in re- gard to commercial morality, e.g. the ethics of investment and of insolvency, or the principies by which a fair wage may be deter- mined. On these and simitar points, public opinion was chaotic, and the Church as the moral teacher of the world must give some guidance. (Warm applause.) ' Mr. E. I. Robson took the second part of the subject, viz., morality in recreation. Recreation, he said, was the business of the young, and its character might have a moral or immoral effect. It was net the games which they required to keep pure so much as public opinion, which kept them in check. Pedestrianism sculling, horse racing, cycling, etc, were forms of sport which, in their origin, were absolutely pure, but they had been spoilt by professionalism and betting (Applause ) Betting must be put on a level with a good deal of what was called " commercial speculation,' and he did not think it could be attacked unless certain forms of speculation, which came very near to certain forms of horse racing and betting, were attacked too The Bishop of Adelaide, speaking of the want of morality in business, said, however clever and sharp a trick might be, it was distinctly immoral and dishonest A good deal of it came about through the teachines of a standard of political economy of the last century (and existing to our day), by Adam Smith and men of his school, which was that self interest was always productive of good to the community The Christian law forbade them to take those advantages in business that brought damage and rum to another man , and it forbade the fostering of the principle of gaining money by luck (Applause ) The Bishop OF NEWCASTLE held that nothing paid so well in business as strict morality The demand for cheapness was responsible for a good deal of it. Much of that was due again to the appearances which society must needs keep up at all cost, (Applause ) As business men had that to say to them, they, as Christian people, should not in their personal sphere contribute to per petuate such a state of things (Applause ) The Bishop of Ballarat said the opera tions of the Church of Christ on these ques. tions touched the spirit of society It was the question of the spirit of the thing He condemned tho holding of lotteries and raffles for raising money in a parish, but he did not condemn bazaars altogether, for they read that they sold things in the early days and laid the proceeds at the Apostles feet (Laughter ) He did not approve of a young lady dressed up to date bringing her blue eyes to bear on every young bachelor gentleman who entered a bazaar in orner to wheedle out of him an ex tortionate price for a doll or a pair of baby shoes (Loud laughter ) He felt that the Church of the living God was degraded by raising funds in that way He liked to think of the Church of God as a ladder between earth and Heaven with the angels ascending and descending The PitEsiDLNr in closing the meeting, said that if that had been the only meeting held he believed they would thank God for the Congress It showed how ready people were to listen when they had something to say At 10 10 p m the Congress adjourned till 10 du a m next day 