Mystery of NormandChase. CHAPTER I. THE mansion of Norman Chase was a struc ture of the true English type, feudal in out line, filled in with Saxon varieties and modern suggestions of comfort. Vast in size and commanding in position, it occupied the centre of an ancient park, to which, as a hunting- ground, the title, of Chase, very familiar in the days of our earlier hawking, deer-driving kings, had been given, and though a part of the extensive woodland bad been modernised into orna mental plantations and gardens, the rest, pierced by broad, dark alleys and avenues, seemed to be brooded over by a perpetual gloom. .The more ignorant inhabitants of the neighbourhood avoided the very walls, high and moss-grown, of this demesne, though nothing worse had ever been known of its shadowy recesses than conflicts, more or less violent, between gamekeepers and poachers. However, it was principally the dreariness of the old house that.seemed to infect the forest with its spirit, .for Norman Chase had not been tenanted, except by a few almost hereditary servants, during the last thirty years, and the aspects of dilapidation were everywhere visible from flor to roof. It had never been a show-place, and few of the living generation could have told any thing of the interior, unless that it was splendid,' spacious, and dismal, with laby rinths of corridors and chambers, a picture gallery, wherein a hundred genealogical portraits frowned from dusty canvas, and an armnury so silent that, even if the phantoms of the forgotten knights had walked, they must have been heard. Yet Norman Chase was not celebrated on account of any particular tragedy, nor was there so much as the tradition ot a White Ladg on the lily-spangled lake, or a ghost in the Tapestried Chamber. It was simply a huge, dull, deserted edifice in which two antique retainers grew aldes and older together, with three or four maids who had hardly a duty to do among them, a fat groom to look after vacant stables, and aboy who regularly carried the post-bag every morning to the village, and as regularly brought it back empty. But there came a day when a letter did arrive at Norman Chase, the contents of which considerably excited its denizens. It was dated from India, signed 'Norman Hedley,' and addressed to a steward, or baliff, of the estate, who had been, these ten years dead. The baronet was coming home; he desired the Chase to be thoroughly prepared for his reception; he should bring with him from Germany, where her education had been completed, his only daughter,-and he should also be accompanied, besides a confidential servant, by a friend-Mr. Henry Mainwar log. Nearly at -the same time with this important missive, however, arrived another novelty-a visitor, Mr. Tyndall Thorpe, of Baronbury,.senior, of the highly-respectable firm of Thorpe, Scovell, and Fisher, Solicitors, Baronbury. He came, he said, simply armed with in tions to give all necessary orders, to advance the requisite funds, to loak up the accounts and tenantry of the estate, and to answer no intrusive questions. Forthwith, Norman Chase became a centre of wonder and conjecture. Nor was this surprising. Nobody in the old house, -in Chasefield village or in Baronbury Town had the faintest idea of what manper of eian Sir Norman Hedley was, and nobody had ever heard of the daughter. SAs tor the friend, he was probably some companion in sports or arms who had made himself necessary to the baronet during his long exile from home. The servant, although so particularly men tioned, was taken as a matter, of course. As by instinct the interest telt.was in the young lady soon to appear and take up her position as mistress of Norman Chase. Impatience and expectancy sat on every countenance for miles around, and the forth coming arrivals were eagerly anticipated. In the sand-strewn parlour of the 'Norman Arms' opinion-broke out loudly on these perplexing subjects. 'I'm certain sure old Thorpe. wouldn't be so mum if all was right,' said Farmer Chat field. 'And what should be wrong in ,a man's coming back to his own, and bringing his family and friends with him,' put in the little agent of the great firm of Thorpe, Scovell, and Fisher, Solicitors, Baronbury, Weevil by name, who ou the strength of his connection with that eminent partnership, assumed a tone as if knowing more than he meant to tell. 'Is't the old man or his 'son coming home ?' asked John Green, the landlord of the 'Norman Arms.' whose iinagination had been strongly working upon the possible ad vantages to Chasefield village, and one dis. tinguished householder in it particularly, by the return of the great: family. 'There's something in:it,' persisted Farmer Chatfield. 'Of course there is-in everything,' re taliated the legal agent. And thus the outside world which had its centre at Norman Chase speculated and bickered, gossipped and blundered, guessed and were wrong, about the re-peopling of the ancient manor which had becn'left so long to solitude and vacancy. The servants, old and new, at the Chase were not behindhand in their free-and-easy speculations upon the expected strangers. .' Sir Norman's bound to be an old fellow, and as yellow as a guinea,' remarked the new footman, from London. 'And Miss Hedley .with black hair and the temper of a cat,' added the new house. maid, from London also. 'I suppose she'll brieg her own maid with her !' And thus the stream of gossiping wonder ment ran on unchecked, with little, to direct its flow except that an amazing transformation was converting the Chase into an abode ming ling its original splendour with all the soft luxury of an age celebrated for fashions of a half foreign character. ' And when the architect had concluded his work, and the army of workmen and land scape gardeners had retired, ponderous six horsed waggons, laden with ornate lurniture, creaked along the highway through Chase. field, and it seemed as though this procession of riches would never end. With them, moreover, came one of the anticipated strangers-a man-servant, Drake by name, to whom Mr. Thorpe at once surrendered his authority. Drake was a dark, middle-sized, taciturn man, with eyes that never seemed to look at anything, and a voice which rarely rose above a whisper. He appeared to be invested with absolute power over everybody and everything, and to command an inexhaustible purse. Under his direction, fresh mirrors adorned the wvlls; carpets of the richest tissue, but in perfect taste, covered the floors; the armoury and thie picture-gallery were untouched except to remove the dust of time. Eithler the instructions of Matthew Drake were singularly complete or he was an artist by nature, But of his master or his young mistress-they guessed her to be young from the fact of her being fetched away from school--he spoke no word. 'You'll see them when they come,' he said. On no point would he satisfy them-not even with respect to Miss Hedley's christian name, a reticence which provoked, at the fireside of the ' Norman Arms,' the highly. sarcastic inuendo : 'Perhaps she's not got one. Them old Indians is as often heathens as not, and their daughters no better.' Inside that talkative hostelry, it need scarcely be observed, Matthew Drake never set his foot, so that mirne host had no oppor tunity of pumping him with respect to the state of the cellars at the Chase-cellars which were reputed to contain such a treasure of rare and ripened wines as could not be equalled in any palace of Europe. So that the whole neighbourhood talked, disputed, pondered, and even dreamed, al most, as if a new life was about to begin for them all, and that, whether darker or brighter than the old one, its lights or shadows would be reflected from the returned family at Norman Chase. As days went on without a sign--the popular impatience amounted nearly to ran crur. Matthew Drake alone remained impassive, associating with none of his fellows, inspect ing the entire mansion. regularly every morning, issuing orders in the tone of a master - orders which were implicitly obeyed though they sounded very bitter in the ears of the ancient custodians of the Chase-and then shutting himself up in his two far-away rooms, whence he rarely emerged until the next day, Some said there was a mystery to hide others that it was the eccentricity of a pom pous old millionare, who had determined beforehand to have nothing to do with his neighbours; and others again that it was all a piece of theatrical affectation, CHAPTER II,. ALL expectancy must, at last, come. to an end, and so it was in the village of Chasefield. A mounted courier, on,a blazing autumn morning, drew rein at the 'Norman Arms,' and asked his way to the Chase. Instantly, as though some portent had ap peared on the horizon, the entire population was out of doors, as though the man in the green and yellow livery had brought news about some glorious triumph of the British arms. Refreshment was pressed upon him to an extent that might have killed a coal-beaver. Bnt" he simply said 'they're coming,' and gallopped away. They did come on the very next day, three heavy blue- bodied Berlins, followed by a tower of personal luggage-red-leather portmanteaus principally-some inscribed, on thick brass plates, with the name and title, 'Sir Norman Hedley, Bart. ;' others with 'Henry Mainwairing, Esq.;' a few corded and labelled boxes these-' Mhliss Evelyn Hedley, each Emmerichb,' But it was not any of this that the people went forth to see, For them the group of travelling strangers constituted the sole; the absbrbing, the almost passionate subjects of interest. And, as the carriages whirled alongwithout a pause, many were disappointed who had hoped to catch a glimpse of them at the gate of the Norman demesne. A considerable number, however, suc ceeded, and had a glimpse of the grand arrivals, while the monstrous frames of iron, blazoned all over with heraldic symbols, slowly groaned back upon their hinges, as if reluctant to let the new comers in. As the result, a general sentiment of sur prise ran through the crowd. There was no guinea-tinted, gout-afflicted, wrinkled and decrepid Nabob, for whom the Pagoda tree of the East had been shedding its golden ieaves for many a season, and who bad returned to grumble at all around him, to curse his servants, to complain of the climate and to disinberit all his relatives, by turn, in afury. It was a handsome, self-possessed, courtly looking gentleman, not forty-five years of age, who bowed to the somewhat servile, slightly timorous, plaudits that awaited him. At his side, looking up into his face with an expression rather that of wonder than of love, sat the ' sole daughter of his house and home,' Evelyn Hedley, not the black-haired, black-eyed, stern and stately princess that bad been looked for, but a beautiful girl, in all the first fascinations of her youtlh, with rich tresses that were golden in one light, and of the dark Venetian tinge, in another, fair without being pale, and red-lipped, without a trace of sensuousness in her countenance; a brow perfectly pure and calm; a head nobly poised upon a marble neck; eyes which might reflect a shadow or a star in their violet depths as the lights playing upon them, from within or from without, varied, and a smile which, as shbe acknowledged the welcome of her father and his. friend,, seemed to imply a mingling of timidity with contempt. The other personages in the train-which must not be kept halting at the gate-may sit for their portraits presently. The blue-bodied Berlins swept in process ion along the curving avenue and pulled up, with a rattle and a dash, opposite the huge, heavy browed portico, benreath which Mr. Mathew Drake stood ready with his whispered wecome, as he handed, first his master, then his master's daughter, and, next, his master's friend, from his carriage. The rest heleft to be taken care of by others. They were to rank among the miscellanies of the household. The mastet of the mansion cast a strange look about him as be first set foot within the immense and melancholy hall, and he gazed anxiously upon his companion as they followed thet quiet Mr. Drake up the wide stone staircase into a chamber-the sumptuous ness of which appeared absolutely to startle the girl who, with a look, as if half. of shyness and half of trepidation, still turned her eyes-those deep and tender eyes-upon her father's face. The third person in this group, the guest, Henry Mainwaring, seemed to have been momentarily forgotten until Mr. Mathew Drake suddenly turned round, and .uncere moniously took his arm, saying; 'This must seem all very uncommon to you, sir, We had nothing like it out there, had we? You are tired, Your rooms are ready, and I will show you to them.' Evelyn turned also, and spoke a few words of kindeess to her father's guests-a man not older, to all appearance, than the baronet himself; also handsomre, and of unmistakable high-breeding; yet obviously nervous, diffi dent, glancing around him incessantly, now as if for help, and now as if questioning some unsettled purpose in his mnind. But, in reply to the servant, be simply said: SThank you,' and, then, to Evelyn, ' may I kiss your hand ?'ia which she acquiesced, feeling a slight sense of relief, it must be owned, when he was guided away, tinder the guardianship of that invaluable servrtor, Mathew Drake. My friend,' said her father, kissing the fair forehead ot bis patrician child, ' bas many singular ways of his own, and would by most persons be called an eccentric; but there is not an inkling of harm or danger in him, You will hear him speak strangely at times; he has dreams; and moans concern ing some fatal passages in his former life, which I know nothing-about. So, mysweet girl, do not be made nervous by him, "?nd, above all, pay no attention to his talk, which, harmless though he is, may be rather wild at times. Be kind to him, darling, for my sake. I owe him more than gratitude.' ' I will do all you wish, papa, replied Evelyn. 'though he does stare at me-so that -that, I wish he wouldn't.' He'll be calling you his daugher one of these days, I shouldn't wonder, said Sir Nor man, with a cynical laugh. 'He laid claim to three different young ladies on the way home; so you'll only be the fourth, after all,' 'Is he mad, then, papa?' 'Not mad; not exactly mad; but he has had some misfortunes which may have--' 'You are wanted, Sir Hedley,' interposed the now somewhat heightened voice of Mr. Mathew Drake, whose countenance was paler than usual, and the baronet, leaving his daughter without another word, bastened after the servant-Evelyn, in the meanwhile, wondering what could have induced her father to bring so extraordinary a person with him to remain as a permanent guest at Nor man Chase. Then the young girl fell into a reverie-a reverie at once sweet and sad. She had begun to suspect the existence of a secret-if not beneath that roof, at least in connection with it; but it was not with the unlifted curtain of this mystery, whatever it might be, that her heart was then perplexed. For, bad she not a secret of her own never to be spoken of-scarcely to be dwelt upon-a hope and a fear combined the j y of a parent found, bringing with it the sorrow of a young life's first, bitter, soul-rending dissappointment. At the school at Emroerich, this artful maiden had contrived to weave the woof and web.alike of her future, as she thought, though in all innocence and purity, and with a thousand modest reserves on her part, with those of a certain officer in a German regi ment, by whom several frank confessions had been honourably made. His name, he said, was an assumed one; he was wandering under the ban of his family; he was poor, but so was she; and there, at those entertainments which school mistresses in Germany give, from time to time, for the amusement of their pupils, and also for the perfecting of them in the conver national use of German language, it had come to pass, while Evelyn, haughty in nature though she was, imagined herself to have been the daughter of some disgrace, that she and the soldier whom affinity of circumstance seemed to bave united in that most pure and powerful of all sympathies called Love, stood pledged, it ever sacred seal was put upon human words, to live.for one another, or to die faithful, though apart. And now, this golden wall of wealth had risen between them, because, upon thie way home, the baronet had laid bare to his child among a hundred projects for her future exaltation, by which he meant her happiness, his determination that, inheriting a fortune, she should also marry a fortune-that deriving no title from him, she should win one with her husband, and that, to this end, and in order to prevent any silly entangle ment between his heiress and 'the hand some adventurers without a penny,' as he as he expressed it, ' who swarm about every good neighbourhood.' he would be as vigilant with his visiting list as the,Lord Chamberlain at St. James's Palace. ' I heard,' he went on, 'of some school girl nonsense at Emmerich; but my daughter has too much pride in herself, as heiress of the Chase, and, of course, will respect her father's wishes too piously, to think for another moment of a vagrant fellow who, I was told, had been kicked out of his-his family's place.' Never a word did Evelyn utter in reply, until the confession was forced. 'You say nothing,' he said, irritably. 'I have nothing to say,' she answered in a voice low yet film. 'You make me no promise,' he went on, angrily enough, this time. 'I have made my promise already,' was the answer which came, unfaltering, from her lips. He remained silent for a moment. Then as if acting upon some great resolve, he stop. ped, and whispered in her ear: 'Suppose I tell you that he dare not return to this country. CtAPFsER III. The days might have been very joyous for Evelyn then, but for this silent secret of her heart, in which none shared, except her father, and even he in only a partial and unsympa thising manner. Yet for all that, Norman Chase, with its festive assemblages-for the baronet asoon surrounded himself with the society he loved best, and which his name and position could command-its pic-nics among the gilded cloisters of the forest had charms for her, not to be denied-not to be repelled. Life at that dull German school had been so monotonous, so friendless, except for those waltz whispers in the hired "Conversation Room" with the lover whom her father for bade, and with the depression of poverty and lonelinecs upon her, that the change to a bright home, to luxury, to brilliant com panionship, and to all the everyday delights of an unsophisticated young girl whose every wish, as it appeared to her, was anticipated made up a pleasant picture, even thonigh was a shadow over the background. Was it a shadow which now, gazing from her casement, she saw swiftly traversing a patch of moonlight on the lawn, and approaching to near where she stood ? Was it a natural or fancied sound that rustled among the autumnal leaves ? There was no child-like superstition in the character of Evelyn Hedley. Decid~dly, Naere was a figure moving be tween the great clump of cedars and the windows, still lighted up, of the vast dining room in which Sir Norman Hedley sat carousing-with his servant. The figure, beyond all question, was that of no ghost-nothing of the kind, as we have said, was believed in by the common sense people of Norman Chase; but whose was it, then ? Not that of a burglar; he would not have been peering in- with an eye to the plate -at such a window, at such a hour. Nor that of the gamekeeper, or of a poacher; for the business of.both would have been elsewhere. An instant more and Evelyn's momentary alarm gave way to curiosity. This prowler after dark-this seeming eaves-dropper, was her father's guest, Mr. Henry Mainwaring, he who had been so ill two hIours ago that he could not join the family circle at dinner. Miss Hedley's thoughts took the same direction as belore. 'Mad,' the said to herself, and, disi. lined to join the party in the drawing-room, disinclined even for the chatter of her own maid, she unwound the twist of pearls that glittered amid the flashes of her hair, which the lamp-light made even more lustrious than did the sun, threw the jewels trom her neck and arms, and sat down to meditate once more in front or the wonder-working fire, for a fire is always full of wonders to eyes that look into its depths dreamily, TO BE CONTINVEOD, 