A TERRIBLE EXAMPLE. This is the only ghost story that I know. It is a true story, and I have never seen it in print, and never heard it explained away ; for though the ghost is never seen now-a-days, for good reason, the evidence that it was seen once is almost incontestable. But here is the story as I heard it:— ' It is a Brasenose ghost, and it was seen in the early part of the century, at a time when the Brasenose undergraduates were conspicuous among their fellows for pro fane iniquity. The most audaciously ini quitous of them had banded themselves together into a club. The name of the society was the Hell Fire Club, and its avowed purpose was the promotion of all manner of wickedness by means of song and jest and story. The club met in the rooms of the different members in turn, and a notable feature of its gatherings was that there was no chairman. At the Jifead of the table stood a vacant chair, and the theory was that it was occupied by our ghostly enemy, the invisible Prince of Darkness. The dons knew something about the club,, but not enough to warrant " their interference with its proceedings. But one night the truth was revealed, . suddenly, tragically, and supernaturally, , to the. principal. It happened in this way. The principal had been dining at the adjacent college of Exeter. The hospi fcality of the Exeter common room is 1 agreeable, and , he-had lingered late ; but about midnight he staHed on his home ward way. , His route lay down a narrow thoroughfare called Brasenose lane, which separates Brasenose from Exeter. The ground floor windows, looking out..,upon the lane, are barred, so that undergradu ates >uay not issue through them upon piOhibited nocturnal rambles; and as the principal of Brasenose pursued his ^peth along the lape^ aptrange thing happened and aOtr≱ sight appeared to him. The coUege clock solemnly struck >12, an'd winle the air was still vibrating iHth . "llh "sudden flash of lurid light iliumiUated one of the ground floor wxn ' principal looked, and an , vMen TfiSit his eyes jj for flint a . and fearful figure—a figure with hOrns and hoofs and a girdle of fire—the figure of one bp .recognised as Apollyon, the enemy, of man. And then, he saw that Apollyon had hold of an undergradu ate—an Undergraduate whom he knew— and was dragging him violently through the window bars. .Then suddenly as it had come, the vision .had passed, and Brasenose lane was once more in darkness. But. the principal had the vague sense that some thing horrible had happened and he hurried on to the college gate and rang the bell. The porter opened to him, and as he stepped inside he heard, the sound of many footsteps streaming down the corri dor. He questioned the men, and by degrees they stammered out their story. There had been, it seemed, that very night a meeting of the Hell Fire Club in the rooms from the window of which the principal had seen his vision. They had sung their blasphemous songs and told their ribald stories ; then an undergradu ate— the undergraduate whose face the , principal had recognised—had stood up in their midst to make a parade of special blasphemy, and as he blasphemed—like Ananias as he lied—he had suddenly been struck down dead. That is the ghost story, and there is a wealth of evidence testifying to its truth. For myself, I had it from an old man—a clergyman—who was in residence at the college at the time. He told me of what the man had died ; but it is something too horrible to write down here. "And I remember something else," he added. " I remember how the coffin was laid out before the funeral in the college hall, and all of us undergraduates were assembled there to look at it, and to find a warning for our own lives in the horrible fate that had overtaken our contemnorarv." Lyric " in the Sun. 