From Coolgardie to Idgery. THE OUTSKIRTS OF CIVILISATION. \------- THE PIONEERS OF PROGRESS. \------- HOW THEY LIVE AND SUFFER. (by SMILER) After arriving at Idgery, as Kjudina is sometimes called, and having a slight rest, which even a newspaper hack deserves after riding 190 miles through West Australian bush country, I proceeded to look along the line now known as Peck's Find. The reefs, of which there are several, are located upon a perfectly level plain. These reefs have a northerly and southerly course, and run in parallel lines. I traced this line for about 15 miles. It has been pegged the whole dis- tance. At the first glance it has a disap- pointing appearance, the outcrop being for the most part very small, but in every case the lode is flanked on both sides by splendid slate walls. In fact, after examining the line carefully, I came to the conclusion that the prospectors have dropped upon the most settled bit of country yet discovered in all West Australia, and if the reefs were bigger the line would most assuredly cause a furore in mining circles, for it costs no great stretch of imagination to conjure up a second Ben- digo. Mr. W. K. Wilson has been out since my visit, and has bought large interests there, and I hasten to congratulate him upon his good fortune, for the blocks he has bought will yet yield enormous returns unless I am much mistaken. Mr. Wilson's luck is pro- verbial, and it has not failed him upon this occasion. ELLIOTTS BLOCKS. No. 1 is a 24-acre lease. Here a vertical shaft has been sunk, to a depth of 32ft.; 17ft. from the surface the lode was met and followed down. The reef is narrow, being about 13in. in width. It is composed of nice- looking, iron-stained quartz, which carries the gold pretty freely and dollies remarkably well. The walls are of slate, and look as lasting as the eternal hills. BLOCK 2. This is also a 24-acre block. The lode here has been followed from the surface, and underlies towards the cast, imprisoned be- tween splendid walls. The shaft is down about 20ft. The lode formation is from 3ft. to 4ft. wide, and the quartz proper from 18in. to 2ft. The stone carries good gold all the way from the brace to the bottom of the shaft. BLOCK 3 Is also a 24 acres area, a shaft has been sunk on the boundary of block two and three and at the time of my visit was down about fourteen feet. The lode formation is about five feet and the quartz which is of a nice character is as nearly as possible two feet wide. Better walls than are here found could not possibly exist, they are of slate and as sound as the dome of a church. A nice paddock of ore is found here as at nearly all the shafts, the lode is rich in gold, much of the stone displaying it freely, all of it dolly- ing well. Another shaft has been sunk to a depth of 18ft, the lode here is only six inches but it is very rich and well defined. A 12 foot shaft has been put down on a formation about three feet wide which sandwiches a quartz seam fourteen inches in width carry- ing excellent gold. BLOCK 4 On the boundary of blocks 4 and 3 a shaft has been run down to a depth of 10ft on a lode of pure white quartz 2ft wide, this quartz carries great gold the whole way it has yet been explored, a nice paddock of ore exist at grass in which the gold shows very freely at all points, there are 24 acres in this block. WALKER and HAUGHS is a 24 acre lease and is incorporated with Elliotts in the company's purchase, a shaft was down 9ft on the lode which was over 8ft wide carrying very nice gold. PEEKS FIND NO 1 All these blocks are 24 acres each and No 1 line is a fairly strong lode showing upon the surface a shaft is down npon it to a depth of 40ft, the lode is fully 4ft in width and carries both course and fine. Another shaft is down 18ft on a lode formation 2ft wide. No 8 shaft is down 30ft on a formation 3ft wide wich underlies to the east. All these shafts disclose slate walls in their most per- fect form and all carry gold. PEEKS NO 2 Here a shaft has been sunk to a depth of 30ft on a lode that makes and pinches at intervals at it widest it is 4ft 5in. A vertical shaft down to a depth of 40ft discloses a nice lode which at 20ft cut almost out but came again lower down and is now about 2ft wide. A vertical shaft on the same lease is down 14ft on a 2ft reef which dollies gold freely. PEEK'S BLOCK 8. This is a clincking good block, a vertical shaft struck the lode 20ft, from the surfaoe. This lode was followed to a depth of 40ft.; it is now three feet wide, and carries some ex- cellent gold, in fact, that block alone would make Peake's line of reef a most valuable property, the lode here is opening out, though beautifully held by date walls in a manner which speaks volumes for the permanence of the location. PEEK'S No. 4. Has been tested by means of a 18ft vertical shaft, sunk on a good gold-bearing lode, fully 2ft. 6in. wide, and another shaft 40ft. deep on a three feet reef, carrying excellent gold. This latter lode has a slight tendency to dip away to the eastward. Every oz. of the stone raised is being saved for the battery, and will well repay the owners, for it is be- yond question good material. PEEK'S No. 5. Not a great deal of work done upon this block. A shaft is down about nine feet on a lode three-feet wide, in whioh gold can be broken freely. There are three other blocks belonging to this syndicate, thus making 13 blocks each, 24 acres in extent. A noble property truly, to be held and worked by one syndicate. At the present time they have raised about 200 tons of ore, which will all pay most handsomely for battery treatment THE SOUTHERN END. Next to Elliott's on the south comes three 24-acre blocks, held by a person named Mc- Leod. Very little work has been done upon this ground up to date, but the surface stone carries gold, and there is not a ghost of a doubt about it being a perfect and unbroken continuation of Peeks's line of reef, which ought to turn out well when opened up. THE EMERALD BLOCKS. Two 24-acre blocks adjoin McLeod's leases. They have not yet been opened up. They have been christened the Emerald blocks, and right from the surface some splendid gold can be obtained. I myself knocked away portions of the outcrop which carried gold very freely. The outcrop here shows strongly, and is flanked by almost perfect slate walls. Quite a number of blocks, looking good, have been pegged further south of the Emerald, but space forbids me to deal further with them this week. THE NORTH END.—WILSON'S BLOCKS. North of Peek's lie the eleven 21-acre blocks known as the Great Fingall, recently purchased by Mr. W. R. Wilson for the Wilson Syndicate. Very little work has been done upon any of the blocks, but the reef is a direct continuation of Peek's, and I doubt if a stone could be dollied on the whole length of it which would be found barren, some samples which i knocked off myself proved to be remarkably rich in gold, both coarse and fine, and I do not see how It can fail to prove quite as good as anything that Peek or Eliott have unearthed. It is a pleasure to walk along the outcropa and see the manner in which the slate lies alongside the quartz, giving it every appearance of permanency. It is indeed a good thing for the field that such a good man as Mr. W. R. Wilson has put his money into it, as it is now certain to be tested in a most legiti- mate manner. This in itself is no small guarantee for the solidity of the surrounding claims. KEARNAN'S BLOCK. Adjoining the Great Fingall leases come five 24 acre blocks, belonging to J. Kearnan and party. A little work of a prospecting nature has been done upon these leases. At one spot, where the reef dipped below the surface so that no outcrop was discernable, a costeen was run across the line of lode, and the reef was struck at a depth of from two to three feet, where it made a most excellent show, the gold being freely obtainable. It is not necessary to deal further with these leases, as description becomes monotonous, all that I have said in regard to Wilson's blocks will apply to Kearnan's. I have been in- formed that Mr. Fawcett, an English capita- list purchased these blocks, and I do not think that he will have cause to regret his enterprise. Quite a number of blocks have now been pegged further north by Elliott. Peek, Bowes, Brophy, McMillan, Feather- stone, and others. The reef showing boldly on some, though indifferently upon others, but they will have to stand over until another time, as the claims already mentioned have run away with a good deal of valuable space. 