OLD SUNDAY BEADING. AXDBEW IiA^TG, IS" THE " ILLTJSTBATED L02TD0X NeVS." Sunday is no longer kept, in literary matters, with the old strictness. In the childhood of men now middle-aged, books which were reckoned really "Sunday books " were neither numerous nor enter tiiining. Still, few could deny that TVTftOflTlTlta " ftT " Wesley's Magazine " or the " Arminian Magazine" was a Sunday hook. Ap parations run wild in the wastes of the "Arminian Magazine." "With my latest breath " (says the editor) " will I bear my testimony against giving up to Infidels one great proof of the Invisible world: I mean that of Witchcraft and Apparitions. I do not think any un prejudiced man can doubt of the truth of the following narrative." Professor Huxley, one fears, will not be so " unpre judiced " as to accept " The Evil Spirit of Maseon," however Mr Bobert Boyle, F.B.S., found that it overthrew his " settled indisposedness to believe strange things." M. Du Moulin, the translator of the tale from Pereaud, thinks that Satan is shy of showing himself, for fear he should convince Atheists, and in deed, this consideration must be a great check on his activity. However, »t Mascon, in 1612, he could not refrain, but drew a lady's curtains with great noise and violence; he also pulled her blankets off, knocked on all the walls, and so disturbed a Protestant minister that ho called in M. Fram;ois Tornus, a notary and a Catholic. At first, for his own reasons, Satan would not show off before members of the Church, but, in about a week, he took to whistling, and even sang a little song about one and tenpence. He next gossiped very freely in a human voice, and plucked objects out of people's hands, " with other indications of innocent mirth," as Lord Chesterfield says of Mr William Herbert's practical jokes. He threw stones about but hurt nobody, and never tore any books. Even the Bishop of Mascon was interested in him, and he finally left the house without doing any mischief. That is all. John and Ann Lambert, of Winlington, were also vexed by a bogle in December 1758. They had taken the house of Mr Henry Cooke, a Catholic, lately deceased. The sprite began with rattling the latch and beating the walls; then he appeared as a man in grave-clothes; next as a square light, framing the face, " as white as chalk," of a man. This was not in Mr Cooke's house, hut in another, to which the Lamberts had retreated. Here the spectre jumped on Mrs Lambert, and " came " in a surplice, with a wig, saying " Meet me at one o'clock, and I will tell you what I want, " but he never did tell. Next he made a noise as of heavy artillery, and appeared in a working dress. Presently he took to throwing the little children about the room, and shaking the bed. The afflicted parents removed to a third house, at the other end of the town, where he scratched, and showed a great light. He then, for the first :ime in this " variety entertainment," ipp eared as the late Mr Cooke, and he nado a noise like grinding a hand-mill. ECenext "killed a cat in an uncommon nanner," hut what uncommon method of rilling a cat he adopted we do not learn. Now he showed as " a brown and white :alf," and next disappeared under the colsteras "asmall black fonr-footedhea st." fhe calf, by the way, swelled to the size )f a horse," swelling visibly before .their .very eyes." Mr Lambert now saw him is Henry Cooke, standing beside the fire. Oris was the day before the account was written, and we are not informed as to whether this very versatile sprite per severed in his manifestations. The " Ar ninian Magazine " presently tells ushowto :ure children of sleep-walking. It suffices o place a tub of cold water in their rooms, [f they once walk into that, they will he :ured of somnambulism. At Newry, in [reland, Frances and Elizabeth Dixon were much disturbed from 1779 till 1785. &. dog " appeared," and " a little old nan's head." Their own dog was much ilarmed, and died. Their eat " struggled with some invisahle agent," and scratched Fanny Dixon terribly." Stones were thrown about, and poor Fanny was badlj- hit. An invisible hand tugged at tier petticoats ; unseen persons walked to md fro, puffed and snorted ; " little ireeping things like clocks (!) seemed to be running over them," also "things as large as lapdogs." " Tbey are reduced to great want, being incapable of earn ing their living. They still say : ' Let the Lord do as seeuietli Him good.' " We do not hear that a subscription was raised for the afflicted spinsters. Mean while, at Manchester, the "Wesleyans were holding love feasts, in which they frequently " roared out." Mr G. was converted after " roaring like a hear " uid rolling up and down the floor for several days. It is hoped that now he will he " an ornament to religion." No body can deny that Arminian children bad lively reading provided for them, ghosts being interspersed with an account of the salt mines at "Wiliska, in Poland. Edifying death-beds are common and "experiences" of young Christians. One of these, with otller boys used to pray daily in a woodyard, but being detected, took to drinking in the same secure retreat. That Mr Wesley was a good man we are all agreed, but one is not so certain that he would shine as editor of " Good Words." 