MARIGOLD. CHAPTER X.— (-Continued.) ' There is something between tho3e two,' Bhe laminates; and the pity o£ it ia Marigold never divines her suspicions until too late. When next the young girl meets the doctor she , ia relieved to see that his manner is unchanged, and it iB not for days that he mentions his new patient. Then he takes her hand, and for a moment looks searchingly into her beautiful, frightened eyes. 'Marigold,' he says, lowly, 'there is a mys terious patient under my roof. If he did not come '.. Touched for by the highest authority, I should say that is a sane man. His one cry is for you.' 'I will not go to him!' gasps Marigold, her white lips trembling pitcously. 'What have you to fear from him?' almost sternly demands the doctor. ' You must help me eolve this mystery. Come with mo.' Marigold dare not disobey. She never knows how she reaches the cell. She only knows that she would have dropped did not the doctor's strong hand uphold her. In all his life, so full of sad experiences, Doctor Hampton never heard anything so pitiful as the cry that breaks from the imprisoned man as he beholds the dimpled, wild-rose face at his door. ' Marigold, my love ; I will not repine over all the horrors about me, if I have bat found you I' he pants. ' Darling, say that you are glad to see me I' ' I do not imow you !' gasps Marigold. ' Tou can not be so cruel as to persist in that ?' _ cries Manning. ' If you have any pity carry a message from me to my -friends, and I shall be released from this doom, for I am not mad.' ' He is mad ! Take me away !' cries Marigold, jnteously, as she turns to the doctor. ' Come, then,' he said, leading her away. But Manning's wild voice pursues them : ' Marigold ! is it for this that I have loved you tetter than honour ?' But the girl hardens her heart with the subtle thought : ' If he is here I can forever escape him !' In the parlor Dr. Hampton chafes her little, cold hands, and tries to still her trembling. ' Marigold, tell me the truth : what is this man to you ?' he implores, gazing passionatelv into her ?white, woful face. ' Do not deceive me, when I . beg it of you in the name of my great love,' he continues. 'Darling, it seems tome that you have taken your little white hands and uprooted the very heart and soul from my bosom ! Won't you lay your soft lips to mine and whisper, ' Felix, I will tell you the truth, because I love you' ?' *' Stop !' pants the girl, struggling madly in his arms. 'Tou must hear me now,' her lover persists, sadly. ' Marigold, it is a fearful responsibility for a young girl to hold a strong man's destiny in her hands. Oh, love ! think how much your decision means to me, and be careful how you make it. With one little word you can darken all the world for me, or lift me into a paradise of bliss. Mari gold, will you be my wife ?' *' I can not,' wails Marigold. ' Dear friend, will you forgive me that, for all your kindness, I can but bring you this return ?' She quite believes the proud, strong man will drop at her feet, he looks so strickeD. 'Do you know what you have done in this moment ?' he cries, hoarsely. ' You have as surely broken a heart as if you had crushed it at the wheel.' An hour later Marigold steals out of the Retreat like a storm-driven swallow. ' This is no place for me, since my kind friend is merged into a lover,' she sobs. That night the first snow-storm of the season sets in. As the wind howls around the rectory, good Mrs. Heath draws nearer the fire, and glances anxiously toward the window. 'It is time Mamie had returned from the village,' she murmurs. At that moment Mamie ie trudging bravely down the road, when she suddenly collides with a human figure. ' Miss Carleton ! in such a storm as this !' she exclaims. ' Pshaw ! who can feel the weather in this,' ex claims Ethel, drawing her sealskin coat tightly about her, and glancing contemptuously at the threadbare jacket in which the rector's daughter shivers. ' I came for a registered letter, and pre ferred walking to taking the horses out,' she adds. Sha holds up the envelope with a trembling hand. 'This letter is from Hillis Armand,' she cries, and ia too overjoyed to perceive the light that breaks over Mamie's sweet face, which of late has grown all too thin. ' He is free,' she continues, eagerly. ' His innocence has been proven in the moBt extra ordinary manner. In a few days he will be back at Carleton Hall, because, he assures me., now that Marigold is false, he looks upon me as his nearest and truest friend.' Though overjoyed at Hillis's vindication, Mamie's tender breast is again pierced by the cruel dart of suffering. ' He will always pass me by ; I am so little and lowly,' she muses with a sigh. ' And yet, if my ,? life cou'd be of service to him, I would cheerfully ?', give it!' , . ' Do you know what would have happened when I first read this letter, if Marigold had been alive ? I should have dropped dead !' go on the intense tones of Ethel. ' You would grudge Marigold her life ?' queries Mamie, in horror. ' I will admit the truth. I would sooner the heavens fall and crush me than restore that girl to existence!' crieB Ethel. ' Hillis was mine before he waB her's. She stole him from me. And I cry out to Heaven that that is the bitterest kind of theft. But I will yet catch his heart in the re Tjound,' Bhe adds ; and then breaks into a startled exclamation as she discovers how white and stony her companion's face has gone within the last moment. 'You look as if you had seen a ghost,' she cries. 'I have; the ghost of Marigold,' answers Mamie, trembling so pitiably that her companion also grows white with fear as she gazes eagerly around. ' What if it were Marigold, restored from the dead?' she asks herself. ' I saw her peering through those bushes,' per ? .Gists Mamie, designating a thick clump of scruboak ' Her face was blue and pinched ; her hands were . locked across her broast, and her blue eyes stared straight ahead, but seemed to see nothing- Could she have benn in the flesh ?' she suddenly enquires, starting toward the bushes. 'It was a spirit,' declares Ethel, pushing her back. 'Let us gefc away from this awful place i' and seizing her companion's ha/ul, she drags her down the road. A few yards away they reach the forks. Here they separate, Mamie taking the path to the rectory and flying down ifc like a frightened deer, fully convinced that Marigold's wraith had appeared to her. Ethel speeds back to the oaks, and pulling abide the branches, discovers a little stiff figure crouching there. ' My God ! it is Marigold !' she gasps. ' Fate haB sent her here at the very time Hillis is returning.' What must be done ? She tries to think, but her head seems in a whirl. All. she can realize is that ruin stares her in the face, unless she can still rid herself of Marigold. She bends over the girl, at the thought, to see that her eyes are closed, her face pale and stiff as marble. ' She iB freezing,' she mutters, exultantly. ' If I do not disturb her, she will be dead in a little while.'. She turns to flee, when Marigold's eyes open. The sight of Ethel quickens the Eluggish blood in her veins. * ' So I am not to die yet. Oh, Miss Carleton, I should have been gone in a little while,' she mur murs, staggering to her feet. 'What are you doing here?' cries Ethel, harshly. ' I have walked so far, and I am so hungry and weary !' sobs Marigold, clinging to the heiress to keep from falling. ' For miles and miles I have felt that I must lie down and die ; but I gathered strength from the thought of how nice it would be to see Mamie, and sit by the rectory fire once more. A moment ago I thought 1 heard her voice, and I peered through the bushes; but right than my strength gave way, and I thought I was falling into an abyss. There is one thing I want to do in this world, then I do not care how soon I quit it,' continues the sweet voice, faintly : 'I want to write — to— Hillis, and ask his pardon for the bitter things I said of him when I found out his deception. I want to tell him that all the old love for him has come back to my heart, and that if I could — and he had only a little spark of love left for me — I would go to him, even in those dreadful walls and be made his wife. It is Heaven -that plants a young girl's love in her heart, and only heaven can uproot it. Ethel whitens with hatred as Bhe listens. ' Where have you been all this time ?' she man ages to articulate. And when Marigold tells her, the very earth seems to reel around her : ' In Doctor Hampton's Retreat. Did you see any one there that — you knew ?' she gasps, involun tarily. It suddenly dawns upon Marigold that she is re sponsible for Manning's incarceration. ' I saw the man you sent to the mad-house, though he is sane,' she declares, boldly ; and if looks could slay, she would have dropped dead the next moment from Ethel's glance. But Marigold's fictitious strength deserts her as suddenly as it came. ' I am so cold that I cannot tell where I am. Will you take me to the rectory, Miss Carleton ?' she falters. And Ethel answers ' Yes,' thougha strange fire leaps to her eyes as she takes Marigold's hand and leads her away. The young girl is so exhausted that she does not see that she is being led into the greater depths of the forest. ' How long the walk is ! Are we not almost there ?' she gasps, at last trying to stare through the sheet of thickly fallen snow-flakes that sur round them. ' We have arrived,' answers Ethel, and opening the door of the cabin that seems to have suddenly sprung up before them, she pushes her half- fainting companion within. Closing and locking the door, she mutters to herself : ' She cannot get out ; she will die of cold and starvation there 5 for the haunted cabin is so shunned by the country folk that none will ever pasB by to hear her cries. JJW, Hillis, you may come any time,' she adds, with a cruel laugh, and hurries away, leaving poor Marigold to the bitter est fate. {To be continued.) 