CURRENT TOPICS. Mr. Copeland has purged himself in a heart-whole, and thorough, and doubtless paiufnl manner. He has acknowledged all his offence and admitted that but one eonrBe iky open' to him. VYe naod have no doubt that it was a veritable Via Dolorosia, far the portfolio of Minister for Lands was probably the very summikof Mr. Copelakd's ambition. On the lafida and amongst tho minea his whole life had been passed. He knew the country through and through, he had studied all its circumstances, understood its wants, and Bet himself laboriously to devise such legislative measures as would afford immediate relief and ensure permanent pro gress. Tho unemployed in the city aud the (bush who really desired work looked first to Mr. Copeland. The stalwart settlers of tho Central Division of the colony, so long on tho tenterhooks of uncertainty, looked to him also. No man doubted his honesty, his industry, his thoroughness. But for the late painfui episode dragged out into thegiaroof publicity by an lion, member who is himself perhaps host described as an episode, all the good work might have gone on, and a chapter have been introduced into the groat book of our land legislation which would have been a veritable white stone in that generally tedious reoord. It is not for a moment to bo supposed that Mr. Cope- land's labors will bo lost. Hi3 late col leagues will see that the projects he initiated are carried out, and there is every reason to believe that the loyalty inherent in hiB nature will render his in valuable special knowledge always avail able to his old associates or his successor in office. The whole colony will feel that a hard and atom, though absolutely necessary, measure of justice has boen meted out to Mr. Copeland. And those familiar with the manners and customs of Parliament House will be disposed to ask how many others have merited similar punishment, and escaped through tho chivalrous regard of thoir friends, who have not always been on the samo side of tho House 1 Lack of chivalry, lack of manliness, lack of that de sire to savo a man which is always strong in good mon, brought about thit sad and disastrous business. VYe may Bin- osroly hopa that tho true fibre of manhood, whioh acknowledges wrong done and accepts the consequences, however painful, will pot only make atone ment, but become one of those stepping- stones whereof St. Augustine spoke and ur last great poet sang. It is not well to be preachy over the matter, but yet we may venture to quote a couplet whoso grit will come home to so staunch and atrong a nature us Mr. Copkland's— Smoll harm hath he who pulls the devil a spell. But lost is ho who rows him home to hell. | And so another conferenco of labor rcprc- I sontatives has found it necessary to put up I the abutters and put out the lights, and I concoct their measures like hunted witchos j of old crouched about a " charmid pot." Victoria, South Australia, New South Wales send delegates to Sydney to diecuss and devise measures important to tho laborers of Australia. It is to be Bnpposod that the laborers represented have some little interest in the proceedings of the con ference, and would bo glad to learn from day to day something of the oourBo of pro cedure. It is certain also that there is only ono way in which that information could be given. Tho nowspapor press of Sydnoy would have reported a labor conferenco just as willingiy as a federation conference— as gladly, indeed, and as impartially. But owing to some un explained cause "labor delegates," when they meet, never seem sura, of themselves. They make excuse that they fear misrepre sentation ; they know that their own frequently peculiar antics will not bear publicity. It is difficult to un derstand why it is they cannot keep themselves in decent restraint. Tho pioneers of old who established »ho eight hours system, who founded a trades unionism to whioh no reasonable men objected, never thought of debating behind barred doors. They spoke out in the facfe of the world. And they won and still hold tho esteem of the world. But'uowaaays men of another sort have arisen. The workmen are represented ; they do not represent them selves. It is the Slippery Sams of labor who get into representative positions, and who too frequently abuse- tbe trust which is placed in them. The true workmen of tho land, the hundreds of thousands who provide the sinews of war, need rousiug up to the actual state of affairs. The Trades and Labor Counoil of Sydney, through persistence in this same secret basi- ness, is absolutely lost to life and use and power and famo. It is a ghost, a simulacra of the vehmgericht of old, interesting nono but empty folk ' and influencing none but fools. And what can bo expected of this Labor Conference if it also persists in its dark chamber business? We can judge a little of tho future, per haps, by a study of the present. And tho official report of the first day's proceedings shows them to have consisted of, first, election of officers ; second, pintinz up the shutters; third, a motion for the exclusion of aliens, and attached thereto a monstrous calumny and outrueoous lie. Said Mr. Cross, M.L.A., of Queensland: "Cruelty of the most brutal form was practised on these aliens, and if they felt ill their death was hastened by floggings." This is a sample of tho "fiht" allowed to escape through the closed doors of the Labor Con ference. If it is a sample of thb bulk, for . decency's and labor's sake let the doors in future be not closed only but hermetioally aealed; r - One of the earliest of the new aspirants for Parliamentary honors is Mr. Leonard _ Dodds, of the North Shore. Mr. Dodds, who seeks to represent the electorate of Warringah, called a section of the electors together at Neutral Bay. Mr. Dodds de clared himself from the beginning to be an out and out free-trader. Ho then began to discourse on the advantages to be derived from free-trado. Free-trade meant, said the speaker, eloquent far beyond tho verge of rashness, that the producer of wealth would receive the maximum for his labor. The audience seemed to swallow this statement, possibly beoause thoy recognised the genial Dodd3 rather than the political - Dodds, and came together rather to be amused than edified. And 'tis Beriously reported that loud eheerdv were raised when the orator, warming to his subject, actually stated that "the protectionists wanted to give every thing away to other countries, and did not want to get anything in exchange." Pro tectionists mustneedsfeclflactered at this tri bute ta their unexampled generosity, though they may repudiate a portion of the state ment which preceded, and, in Mr. Dodds' view, justified it. " A favorite policy of protection" (these are the speaker's words) "is to say let us have a large export trade and. a small import trade." We do not yknow that there is any such expression of pnlioy in any of the protectionist books, and we are absolutely certain-there is no such idea in any woll'informed protectionist mind. Thero is, in faet, but ono foundational idea iu proteotion, and that is. to < help, encourage, foster, stimulate the de velopment of every native resource and the establishment of overy natural industry by every possible moans. All else follows that— abundant work, reasonable wages, increasing population, revenue pro vided, and the payment thereof practically unfelt. Evor-increasing capital aud value in the State, a building-up of an- independent or self-dependent condition, and therewith such an incroaseof special or peculiar products as to provide purohasing povyer for all the things we may require or desire, and always good store of gold in tho collars of State, bank, and citizen. Tito laws whioh regulate export aud import in all countries are; we four, far too abBiruse for Mr. Dodds, but briefly ho may bo told that the begin ning of the business is this : Tho nation borrowing gold, as a rule pays back in goods, and thus should Bhow a surplus of exports, The nation lending, receives in goods, and thus should show a surplus of im ports. Mr. Dodds' remarks ou tho Central Division may be dealt with in iheBimple observation, he doos not undoratand ; and further than that we do not care to follow him. Neutral Bay, it appears, deolared tho candidate fit to roprosent the electorate in Parliament, but we think most folks will remember that Neutral Bay is not exactly W arriugah. 