Common or Garden Fads. BY TEDDYWADDY IN THE MELBOURNE " ARGUS." Of all things in this world of sin and change that stick tighter to us than our poor relations, bad habits, or liquidators, are our fads. Every living man past the age of forty has one, just as surely as each of Joseph's brethren had his money in the mouth of his sack. Perhaps he may harbour a whole crop of little fellows, but there is the one, the bright particular boss fad which he nourishes, and cherishes, and guards with even greater care than a young mother lavishes over the rolls of fat dimples and a smile she calls her first born. - I know a respectable elderly man with grown-up children who for y$ara has .bolted his dinner every Saturday like a schoolboy,' so that he might rush off with a net at tne end of a long pole and catch butterflies and beetles and grotesque insects with unnecessary legs, which he brings home at night and kills with oxalic acid, afterwards sticking them on cork with pins and Bquares of cardboard. This fad has kept his'wife and daughters in a state of ferment for years, fearing that some of the " nasty things" might not be quite dead, and getting loose, would walk about the house at night, like the ghost of Hamlet's father, with the pins and cardboard stuck on their backs. The mechanical fad is a terrible one. One of my most intimate friends is now breaking out all over with it. For years past he has had symptoms that have taken the form of miniature locomotives, steam boats, water wheels, clock toys, and the like. But now he is suffering from a severe eruption of electricity. . The other Sunday I called on him, and discovered the whole of his family and the servant huddled together in the back yard in a state of abject rear, not daring to go into the house or sit on any of the cha'rs for fear of " shocks." He was Iq the breakfastroom standing on a board placed on four inverted tumblers, winding an electrical machine, with the object of making his hair stand on end. And it did stand on end, too, like a birch broom in a fit, each particular hair erect like the quills on the historical porcupine. "I'm so glad you've come, old fellow," he said, " I want to be photographed like this. Just take a shot at me. with the. camera you'll find over in the corner ;" and to please him I did. Then I pjrsuaded him to come down from his perch, disconnect the household furni'.ure for a time, and give, his family a chance of passing their Squday afternoon in peace. The " no overcoat" faddist is an irritating creature. I meet a fine specimen at my sub irban station every morning. One morn-, ing, when the west wind was coming up_at keen as a razor and as cold as the breath Ot an iceberg, he came on to the platform, his teeth chattering like a quartz battery. " You look . cold," somebody said incautiously. This gave him his opportunity. " Co-oo cold, not a b-b-bit of it, I'm qu qu-q-uite w-ww&rm.; I ne-ne-never wear an o o o-o- verooat, hav-hav-n't for forty ye-ye-years ; don't need one. You fel lei-lows are regular molmol-ninl-moHycoddles," , And so he goes punishing himself winter after winter, juMb for the sake of keeping his pet fad SWJ^i He flatters himself that he iB " hardy,' af»d that we others are delicate creatures that require to be wrapped «ip to prevent us from perishing. And so for his dearest fad he suffers continual cold in the head, a nose like Ancient Pistol's, watery eyes, blue cheeks, and his poor teeth going as if he had v wilderness of ghosts en bloc, • v There is a small nest of the faddisfowJCD in the season -never miss a trip downthe baj! in the excursion steamers. For the' m&K; part they are round and roBy, xihippy little men, with cheery ways arid of average intelligence, sane in every other direction except that of keeping up their bay record. " I've never missed a trip for ten years," said one in the train the other morning with pride on his brow. Then he looked at us with the superior air of a man who has performed a feat that should earn for him undying fame. " Do you like it?" asked the " no overcoat" man. " Like it," he replied ; " what should I do it for if I didn't like it?" ' O!" replied he of the chattering teeth, " I thought it was only just a fad of yours." A peculiar phase of the mania is the carpentering craze. A good many of my friends have it, and the symptoms are all similar. They have a shed in the back yard wherein they live all their spare moments, making sideboards, cupboards, tables, wardrobes, &c.; These are fearful and wonderful things when made, not like anything above the earth, nor in the waters under the earth, and they generally cost about five times what they can be bought for at any cabinetmaker's. This faddist always has two or three of his fingers bound up with rag, the result of misdirected excursions with his jack-planes or wandering chisels. He keeps his family awake the greater part of tne night with knockings and hammerings, and when at last he tears himself away from his work he goes to bed smelling of glue, sawdust and varnish. His latest effort was to make a sideboard for his wife aa a I birthday present, but it was too wide terj past the kitchen door, and so it now. stan in company with the safe and thp filter, oa. the back verandah. Norah uses it for ttii knifeboard rest and to clean boots at, and stands the jug on it for the milkman in thd morning. Norah's private opinion of' "this master " is that he is a ^ rale convenient man, sure." The fad of catching a particular train to town in the morning and at night is a deepseated one in many subjects. The chief sufferer, I know, has his cottage close to the station, and one of his children stands aa sentinel at the front gate to tell him when the train is approaching. " Here it comes, father," brings him out with a bound, scrambling on his overooat as he clears the bridge that crosses the line, finishing the last mouthful of his breakfast as he bounds down the steps three at a time. The train is well on the, move as he jumps into our compartment, excited and flurried, with yolk of egg wWw jWtiin beard, and Ids hat on the back "Near thing, that time, was^ffi^" " Yes," says the "down the bay" rami " but you needn't have hurried* there was anotiier train in seven minutes. If I'd lost t&jtooe;," he replies, " it would have been theKljftiine in seven years, an4 I'd sooner anjramig than that." At night it is the same thing, only he brings with him a bag or two of fruit or a. crayfish, and coming full.tilt og to the platform makes for the nearest carriage door, bundling into an already overcrowded compartment,,stepping on people's toes, and standing against the window during the journey. He has been been remonstrated With repeatedly, and It has been poinwfl Out to him as delcdUtly as possible tha^if ne rose five minutes liarlier in the morning he would not have to bring half his breakfast into the trail^frith him; and that, his digestion mightftave VihoiV of getting in Its Jive minute^w«flt "properly. "What!" hefanswera^lnr Pre always titacka of ti to be knookiiag about «D hour doing nothtni The very worst M the faddists iaTheman whojbrtiefrj sent into the wwAdiw Pftta* oiderMto Uven^fegdms. Why, QftrAffant me ifor fnlf army of has been leqoe in by the making of puns/ There Is rjioe in the centreljf Africa who eat their old men when they begin to tell long winded stories without any point. We- might, with advantage take fclsaf .out of their book and cremate the. lyft&tatturere.; My leading specimen hasUj^folauk eyph like coals, that dsnoe withdellght whenever be is ab>.ut to discharge onfc of his miserable pellet«. When he gets into our compartment we bury ourselves in our papers, but it is no use. As no one will spjak he opens the attack. HWfill, none of you're off colour this morn- {jug**? No answers Jiothing but the slight -qtHVHrftljgofnine newspapers. "You'reall well red, 4<>u't y'ou_aefi,;" and then his little black ftyet dance a fandango, delighted with their owner's play on the word "read." The .''n&^bvercoat man breaks g -ouod, and as we pgMf - over - the bridge hazards the banker thfa eyes commando "lines, Yes, If I'U be an over- "Isn!tit bay" mag to mc^ such aw;tched at church w jiers 1 he " d<j;vn the a humxn being iHth 1.Regular attendant Tthe bay sometimta ren and all thaft). im what a nuisaaee gofcyjihe Train-catcher fairly •ed «P)w,jyfa is pouring in bro&d-sldee; -i^ittfe*puns. Doubles on the .two • }> e calls cup pies—works off _ highmettled razor for racer, and so on till the Central station is reached. , Medicine iB the pet fad of a tall thin in with lifted eyebrows and a nose like a.qupl? pen. Epsom palts is his particular weakness. He has " had'* nearly everything, and pared himself. He scans the papers to fin&anything; new in patent medicines. "Have you tried," he asks, " Professor Brown-Smith's dynamo su ear-coated—self-acting—bloodsearchers ? No? Then vou should. No one knows what I have suffered from muscular rheumatism for years, and thirty boxes have nearly driven it all out of me. This weather, has given me hobnailed liver again. Lnoldjy I came across a cure to-day—a splendid thing , I should think by the a&ertisement.; I shall prepare my system with an ounce of salts tonight, and then set to work In roal earnest 1 with the «hydraulic liver-wringers.'" - -. A fortnight later I met his wife in wido weeds. The " liver-wringers" had evtdet accomplished all they were guaranteed to - —and more. " Truly," as Artemus Ward wrote, "3 Is a ironik thing." Several thousand London decided to go out on strike owners reduce the hiring chatgvtgr The National Liberal F"* ^ vened a Convention to be held the 20th of June to cOnrid dealing with the House e€ ~ Uuke Doe Poisoniso.—A correspondent mites :—" Several valuable dogs have been poisoned about Caboolture lately. Bandy Wilson lost a good cattle flog, and a kangaroo dog or two got a bait. Some time ago, my dog got a bait, but I gave bim a good dose of coarse salt, which caused bim to vomit, so he got over it. Last Sunday 7- was away at the Pine river.and on my return on Monday morning found my dog just dying from poison. Four of my muscovey ducks also got a little each, but they recovered. Mrs. St. Clair also loBt a good dog on Sunday evening last. My dog was a little fox-terrier ; I bought him last year from a man that brought him from Melbourne. I should not wonder if some galoot does not go reporting the schoolteacher again for dog poisoning." Railway employe Thomas Hooper, fchile engaged in coupling tracks at North gitzroy station (Vic.), waB knocked down by a-trnck which passed over his legs, Inflicting shocking injuries from which be died. * Cholera has appeared. in seven provinces » Southern Russia. President Peixotohasbrokda.Dff diplomatic relations between Brazil abd Portugal in consequence of the Portuguese having given tefnge to Admiral da Gama tuod other Brarilian insurgents. 1 LenTye, a negro, found guilty of kidnapping, ill-using, and murdering white girls in Kentuoky, suffered a horrible death on March 2. He had secreted a farmer's daughter in the woods, Where some hunters came upon bim, and proceeded to skin him alive. Before he had ceased to breath the mri built a fire on his head, after the Apashe manner of torture. And so the iplserable wretch slowly roasted to defeth. Mesdames Crawley, Hayward, and two obHdren were driving down the'Razorback tp Rbton, N.S.W., In a pony sulky, when the bolted, throwing the oooun&nt;* of fee trap out. Mrs. Crawley was killed, and the collarbone of her baby was broken, and Mm. Hayward was badly injured. A Mr. Bonst, in trying to atop the -pony, was run over and seriously Injured. 