'I'isr DIsna' Ministry are dead, In giv'ing up the ghost they have per f lined hoe nmost popalar act of their pjlitical life, The community will feel that an incubus has beeoon removed ind will 1ie corrospondingly grateful, In politios, as in other regions, it is Ihe unoxpected that happens, After the signal overthrow of the Govern meont at the polls, their resignation was naturally awaited, no one thinking Ih:et after such summary dismissal even SIit GeonnR Dines would have the ludacity to defy the verdict of the country. BuLJt was ready for oven that degradation, and was allowing the underground engineer of his team to nobble the, labour party with a view to set at nought the plainly ex pressed will of the people, By wire pulling in the Lower Il:ouso and by reoimprovemeonts in thie ouncil, it was evidontly hoped that the Cabinet might yet be set up again on its tot tering political legs. The last refuge of ohicanery has failed by the action of the GovmmNon, and Sin Gionolm and his colleagues cross to tlhe other side of the House, We wih theom a long arid happy ritidenoo in their enforued re tirement. Iv thero wore any legal quibbles justifying a discredited and defeated Ministry in recommending appoint. monts to the Upper House, the opin. ion of men of all shades of political belief will be that suoh action should not be in the power of any such body of men, Even the character of the nominces has nothing to do with a questioi of the kind, And if the ap pointments thoumselves were wholly unoltjectionablo from the porsonal point of view, it would not rllieve the Oabinet from the charge of politionl outrage, But there is a strong roason ftr believing that besides thus roevard ing supporters whom the country would not havo just now at any price; theor was an attempt being made to go behind the baclks of the onstituencies and cheookmate the polioy that the country has endorsed, B13 that as it may, the colony is not likely to go to the dogs hncauso the elevation of Messus. BAmsnous and Fousv'etir to the Upper IHouse is delayed, and it may indood be that the community will sur vive if those and other of their ealibre niver attain to such a dizzy hoight, IN this unexpeoted turn of events there will probably he relief oxperi onced in other quarters The labour party will not need to decid6 by cauous what it will do with a Ministry el. ready deooeased, and some of the wob blers ihi the other section of the House will also experioeno, a sense of freeodom in escaping a very. awkward task, Mn, RIeID' Is tur has now com, and friends and foes will ho anxiously waiting to see him on his metal, 1t will not be all plain sailing by any means, Whioh evor wey'lh may steer he will be oon frontoed with serious dlfiloulties in both Houses, But of one thing he may be certain, that if he will sobt earnestly (lown to business, and will go straight in the ohannel he has marked out for his party, and which has boon adopted by the country, he will win respoot and support, and will, we have no loubt, soo the final triumph of the policy of freedom and progress that is now to have its chance. FINDING the atoual assembling of Parlhamont, when the work-or play -will really begin, the publio are bc ing treaond to sundry amusing spooula tions as to tle significance of the recent elootoral light. On all sides thero hns boon an nnger computation of the iumhdr of political sonlps captured, but the chief perplexity has ranged round the problom of dcoiding a- to tihe identity of the saonlps, `Evory sqo tion of politial ocreed is mo ally oerF tain that its' side has aohisved the', glorious ioctory, and that i.~ is thue other follows that have gone under:, "rTe labour party, howover, have some scoret misgivings as to whother its banner'" with its strango devioo" has been borne proudly aloft to par liamentary renown, or whother it has been trariled ignominiously in the politiaonl slush, Accordingly one of its divisions met in solomn conclave to unravel thl-to them-rather intricato " lesseons of the geoinral looetion," Un fortunatbly for themselves, they soom to have left tIhe queston in a thicker fog than that in whoih thoy found It, and the scholars are to be pitiod who expected to learn " losons " from thoseo self-appointed profoesors, ON the one side' it was quioetly os. sumoed that for the labour party thlo oleotions spelt dofeat, but the otl,er silo wore equally. certain that their naighbours could not spell a little Iit. 'Trriumph was really whiat the oraslr hsad pronounood,' One astute follow himseol a rejected candlldate-sAutily maintaned tihat they had achriovod a " substantial victory," and in the next reatlh moved " tirat teho true onuse of the defeat of tIh labour panrty was thlat the people . . voted frooee trado, &o;,,. &o;, This luold debator ovilently did not know where hI was hoeading for wheran h started out, but in blundering fashion Ilo r ,igezaggod to. wards thoe exano goal, Tin'Jnin are now twOnty mombers lnaimnd for thIo party as against thirty (lvo in the late Parlinmont, and of these ownty only flft?nn Iavo bound themselves by thoe plodg of the Ona tral League. If that is not defeat it looks uncommonly like it, and is so acknowledged by the leedera them solves. The causee of this reverse are not difficult to find. The first was in the action of what is known as the lAbour Elootoral League, the meom bors of which faction set themselves to oust the late representatives of the party in order to take their places, That thero might appear some reason for such displacement, the Leaume manufactured a " pledge " which bound its nomineoes hand and foot, and which no man having a shred of self respect could possibly sign. As the Leaguers anticipated, the party in Parliament refused to touch this gag, arid this resulted in the run ning of rival partie?s both anxious for £300 a year. In tire eyes of the general public the thing resolved itself into a shalinrless game of grubh, and be tweoon the two stools the p irty got a nasty fall. The zig-zag debater already quoted hit the nail aqarlely . when lie ttlirmind that distrusting the attitude of the labour party towards the 1)nnus' Ministry, " the people i'otod frcetrnde." In other words ' the people " were " had " once, and wore determined not to be dished again. Ar tihe general election, three years ago, when the labour party lirst aspired to diroret representation in Parliament, they had manry warm sympathisers outs'de their own ranks who believed in the necessity of certain reforms in tihe labour interest, Those accordingly were willing to give "labour a show," and supportod its candidates, but on the distinct understanding that tihe " lisoal issue " was to be " sunk." On the strength of wihat was regarded as tihe pledge of honourable men many freetrado votes were east for labour nominees wiho were protectionists. When the orisis carme the interproea* tion such fiscal sinkers put upon their solemn pledge was that tihe issue was to be suitk till it was convenient for a turncoat administration to float it. When that was done those rone gades assisted to fasten upon tihe necks of the people, without their consent, the Dines' tarifl that hlas just boon eso ntlhusiastically drummed out at the ballot box. *TIuos false to thoir vows, they slunk to their lit placo at tho back of a Ministry whose polioy it was to govern in doianco of their masters, And every orack' of the dissolution storko. whip was poteon in rounding up these poltroons if tempted to stray too far, The proteootionist suotion of the Into labour party were distinctly and direct ly rosponsiblo for the imposition of the justly soouted taxation, and wore equally responsible for thi season of scandalous misrule of the Demns' Oabinot, But the ballot box has had its revenge upop the whole orow', Ministers and their abettors, and the "lesson of tIme general election" is that sooner or later tile publio can find a way of gotting loval with those who, with cards up their sleoves, start out to play the gamen of political ouchro, 