THE AUGUST MAGAZINES. SECOND NOTICE. Mr. KnowWn Revtaweoctniut a round dozenof articlesof general in tore»t,eachoneof which merits a longer notice thnu it is possible hero to give to nny one of them. Brinco Kropotkin, tho Rus sian exile, who unito.4 an enthusiasm for phiio- i sophical anarchy, scioutiflo learning nnd uthno- logical erudition which would make hitn a noted European figure, even without the romanco attaching to his cscapo from the Fortress of St. I'etor and St. . Paul, continues his series of articles on Mutual Aid. As a Communist, Kropotkin is intmuriod in proving that the" natural " condition of gio- garious beings is not one of ritugvlo, hub of co-oporatinu. He has discus"! mutual Aid amongst animals, navoges aud h:irbatiaus in provtous enimys. Now ho goos ou to (he medieval oity with its guilds for trade and other purposes, Its control in the interest of the citizens of the salo of corn, salt and other necessaries. It is impwsiblo to convey any idea of the wealth of accumulated facta which tho writer briogs to boar on bin main contention, that — In short, tho more wn begin to know the medieval city the more wo sco that it was not simply a political organisation for tho protec tion of csrtain political liberties. It was an attoinpt at organising on a much graiulor so.ilo than in a village community, a close union for mutual aid and support, for consumption and production, and for social lifo altogether, with out imposing upon men the fetters of tho State, but giving full liberty nud expression to the craatiTo gsnius of each separate group of individuals in art, crafts, science, commerce and political organisation. Mr. Charles Whiblcy is ono of tiie smart young mon who, rallied under the banner of Mr. AY, E. Henley, carry on that spirited Tory weekly, The National Observer. Ho disooursuH sarcastically about the Farce of University Ex tension, and makes great fun of tho cnthuriaHts wiio propose to give artisans and house maids a knowledge of Greek tragody by throe popular lectures. There is the true Tory taint in every line of this article, which shows how hopelessly salfiah and sterile is the social creed of a man who can at this timo of day writo in all suriouxness, " Once it was tho fashion for the ducentnavvy to pride himself that he had no book learning," and can regret that this is no longer tho oase. Thoso who havo boon interested in Emterio Buddhism by the lectures of Mrs. Bcsant will welcome Behind tho Scones of Nature, iu which an explanation of the mysteries of 44 the astral piano" arc given by Mr. A. 1\ Sinnctt, tho nuthor of many works ou Theosopliy,sometimea co-wotkcrwith"IJ.P.B.," and proprietor of the Allahabad Pioneer the most influential paper in Hlndostan. Un fortunately both for Mr. Sinnctt and tho re ligion he advocates, no advice from abovo was vouchsafed him to pravent his being mixed upin the affairs of one of the wor.it limited company swindles of modern times (the Hftnimrd Union), in which he lias lost much ' money and more credit. But ho wrilea in a dear, inlolligiblo style, which puts an little strain as may be ou ono' credulity. This is followed by nn eerie story, A Fart of a Ghost, given (at second hand) by Dr. W. H. Russell, famous as war correspondent of tho Times in tho awful winter of tho Crimean war. Then Mr. Cuuninghanio Graham, under the title, In the Tarumensian Woods, is cynically witty about the doings of the Jesuits in Paraguay. Tho little town of San Joaquin was called Taruma by tho Jesuit misiionarics 100 years ago, and ono of theso has left n re cord of his wanderings, the succoss and failure of his proselytism, niul so on, with scores of quaint touches and out of tho way information, to which Mr. Graham's peculiar humor doea full justice. Tho next article, Death and Two Friends, a dialogue by Mr. Richard Le Gallionnc, has a painful intorcst, apart from tho distinction its author has gained as a poet of soma promise and as tiie populariser of Mr, George Meredith's novels. The writer has lately lost his young and much loved wife, a fact which in the iitornry slang of the day gives " the charm of actuality" to his description of the foelings of a borsavod bride groom : — Lying there, with a little gold ohain round her nck and a chrysanthemum in the bosom of her nightgown, thero was a curious regality about her— a look as though she wore a crown our eyes wore unable to see. And whilo I gazed upon her tho sobs of my friend came across tho bed, and ah ho called to her I seemed to hear the eternal Orpheus calling for his lost Eurydioe. Poor Ud 1 poor maid ! Hore, naked and toirible, was nil the tragedy of the world 'compressed into au hour— the Msdusa faoe of lifo that turns the bravest to stone. Surely, I felt, God owed moro than he could ever repay to theso two lovers whom it had been bo easy to leave to their simple joys. Professor MahafTy writes once moro on The Present Position of Egyptology, a subject which hns been about thrashed out. A very interest ing article is that contributed by Mr. Egerton, of the Bengal civil sorvico, in explanation of The Mud-daubing in Bihao, which we hoard a fow weeks ago was tho prelude to another Indian mutiny. The writor has h&d; tho best oppor tunities of forming a judgment, and he shows almost conclusively that the marks wero mado by human hands, and not by animals rubbing against tho trees. Ho proves that thoy commenced originally in thu neighborhood of tbe great pilgrim shrino of .Tanakpur, which was in soro tieod of a little judicious advertise ment. Thenco the marks spread south of tho Gauges, on the pilgrim route, apparently by the aid of tbe wandering tribew of Sadhus who live on the pilgrims, and arc therefore deeply interested in swelling their number and offer ings, This explanation banishes all idea of any politioal significance, and leaves tlie wholo thing as tho work of an Oriental Talmage or religious showman. Janakpur is a shrine of the monkey god, Ilanuman, who may lmve been perverted into aberrations of tho advertising mania by that other monkey who 41 won't wash clothe?." Mr. Roberts, editor of tlie Bookworm , who has recently written about tho oxtravaganoes of stamp collectors and china maniaos, now tells us about Some Pictures and their Prices. Old Dutch maoters are 44 up." Tho collection of Mr. Adrian Hope, tho Batnvian, has just realised at least fivo times ah much as hugAve for it 40 years ago. Hobbemns are still on tho rise. Ono specimen that in 1802 sold for 2tt0 guinons fetched £8800 in 1880. Old Italian mastoru are 44 down," lArgely because there aro so many counterfeits in the market, and you may buy alleged Tintoretto? from 25s. apiece. Tho works of British artists fluctuate much in price, a groat deal depending on the number in tho market at ths bftmo time. Ths works of the late Vicat Cole, Pv.A,, of which some 100 were auctioned at ono sale after his death, realised only £770. But David Cox's Yale of Clwyd, valued by tiio Artist himself half a century or so ago at £95, fetched £4500 at the Murristasale in 1892. Rom- ney's portraits, especially those of Lady Hamil ton, riso in value. Rossotti'a pictures seem to have renchrd their high water mark. Mr. H. P. Dunn, a well known surgeon, asks the question, Is Our Race Degenerating? nnd answers it in a hopeful spirit. Be derives his optimist view largely from his convictiou that the Anglo-Saxon woman is indubitably getting taller, stronger and healthier iu every way, and that the athletic record is for ever being boaton. Nor doe ho dread tbo effect of town life, ainco the very meagre statistics that exist go to show that fac tory children now, forinatance, weighed as muoh at 9 years of ago in 1893 ns they did at 10 years of age in 1833. Smokers will be horrified to learn that the weed is the chiof fnotor in producing color blindness mid Bbort sight, aud that Mr. Dunn's advice to thum is to forswear tobacco in any shape in their own intorcst and that of future generations. Of Articles on general aubjeots, the most in teresting in tho Fortnightly is Side Lights on the Second Empire, by Mr. W. Graham, a miuor poet, who has tho knnck ot pickings tho brains of elderly persons who havo known the great ones of the earth. It is full of tho scandalous stories that crop up in the unwholesome atmos- phero of an imperial court. Mr. Graham pro fesses to give very definite information about the real pnrontftgo of Napoleon III., whom Swinburne, imitating Victor Hugo, calls 41 Bonaparte the bastard." Thero in not a vory convincing nir of truthfulness About Mr. Graham's rcvolations, though his anecdotes of the celebrated Due do Morny are nmuuing, even if thoy may bo untrue. A Mis Barney dilates on the American sportswomnn, and aRsuros us that the popular presentment of the girl of tho United States as a frail, nervous, anccmio j, orc.tnr., mitxlnting ohlelly on fend WHt.r »nj I gum drops, Is all a mistake. On ths contrary I In these latter days sho plays tennis, frequent! I the gymnasium, rides to hounds when she gelt I the chance, nnd is fond of howling, swimming, I boating, skating, tobogganing and snow! | shoeing. Wcllosley College, near Boston I is particularly proud of its Bjr! H rowing eights, who'uso tho sliding scat and wear knlckot hookers. Thirty thou.nnd American girls own nnd rido bicyoies. They ha.o ju.t begun to take up golf. And the result of it all is greater phynical health nnd devolopmont, brighter complexions and hotter knit frames. Tlie rest of tho roview is rather padded out witli reprints of two lecturcs-ono on Hamlol nnd Don Quixote, translated from an nddress by tiie Riis'Iaii novelist TonrgenicfT, and the othor on Bookbinding : Its I'rooosses anil Ideal, by Sir. T. .T. Cnhiion-Sandsrson, a son-in law of the froclrado agitator, and tho best known English authority on this nuhjeot. Ill tho Contemporary Sir. Andrew Lang, tho most prolific of litterateurs on every subject from golf to comparative mytl.ologv, 0hals in hi! nconstomcd manner upon IVofo.sor Huxloy and tho Witch of Endor. From n saokfui of gossip ono may extract tho ides that Mr. Lang has moro than half a belief in Ilia possibility of tha Witch having shown King Saul tho spook or tho prophst Samuel, An artiolo by Sir. It. Donald Why not Slunioipal Pawnshops? gives in a con! donscd form all tho nrgumonts in favor of ths community noting as tho hanker of the poor nnd saving thorn from the extortionat. interest that thoy now have to pay. He g,yM nll0 t|)e history of the Sionts de Pidtd on the continsal of Europe. A posthumous paper liy the lata t . -:-c Ed.r..id», wcii known both as a I writer of fiction and nn cgy.ptologiat, on Tho Art of tho Novelist, is woli worth reading. .Shade- i clares that "the author of Vanity Voir of Esmond, of lite Kciecomes, is ths greatest mnstor of fiction that the world has ever aetti," and uelcots ns a passngo "in which spirit, dig. nity nnd nolilenosa rise to their highest ' level," th© description of tiie sceno in which Henry Esmond, lenrning the knavery of tho Youug ITotcnd'er, breaks his sword, and rennmices his allegiance. Mrs. Barnctt, tlie wifo of tho clergyman who started the Toynbco Hall Settlement in Whitcchnpel, writes at iengtii on Tlie Horn, or tho Barrack for the Children of the Stato, and brings a damning indictment against the management of the huge caravansaries in which tho Oliver Twists of England aro horded, with the worst moral and physical results. She advocates cottage homes instead, with an nmplo nnd irresistible supply 0I foots behind her plea. 