Sxtati and jntttdtt& THE EXILE'S DAUGETER. BY JOSEPH HATTON, Anthor of ' Crnel London,' ' Clyde, *' 'Three Recruits,' 'Under the -Jreat Peal,' ' By Order of the Czar,' ic., Jfcc. Chapter V1IL — Cupid on tue Banks (tF THK &TYX.; Geoffrey suddenly found himself to the presence of & massive rock, with a grey front that was wrinkled with rime-worn furrows, hut variegated with stragrfing vegetation, and farther adoraed with flowers that waved gently to and fro in the glowing August air. The sky was perfectly dear above, and trainst it lite a finishing decoration of the enormous rock was a- fringe of stunted trees in artistic outline. In the centre of this pile of limestone there spread oat on either hand a stupendous arch way. It might have been the portal of some wondrous temple that had been dedicated to the gods in the days when each deities abounded. Or to seek for a more familiar similarity it might have been the western front of an ancieut cathedral, smitten with age and worn out of all semblance to any distinctive order of architecture. Again, to range the fancies of fiction, it might have been the cave of a magician ; for at the very entrance there were files of strange uncanny looking poles — or ' standards ' as they are technically called— with cross-like aod angular beams from which swung ropes with pendants hanging fmm them, suggesting gibbets ; not realistic gibbets such aa one recalls as land marks in the criminal history of the country, hut such as a witch or wizzard might have set up as the gruesome ornaments of a dark ami weird retreat. Geoffrey saw that these gallows-like erections were repeated right and lefr, running away into shadow. There were also wooden guides for ropefl and twines, made strangely picturesque with incidents of great twine drums, and wheels of smaller dimensions. Presently entering the cavern he became one of a crowd of people ; all busy except himself, no witches or magiciana, but simple rope makers plying their trade ; a most remarkable sight, he thonght, and impressive as it was remarkable. He observed that the factory was cutoff from a higher path, by posts and rails ; and in a corner on his right was a wooden bat, a roofed-in shanty at the door of which stood hia guide, Adser Blythe. Pansing to take in the general Bcene, he recognised the girl as its leading figure. The very composition of her surroundings gave her the foremost place in the foreground. She was the one tender bit of colour, it would he no exaggeration to eay that she was indeed the one sweet bit of humanity in the picture. This h no dis paragement of the women and girls down below her in the ropery ; for they no longer belonged to the scene in which Adser was the leading actress. They were cut off from the path to the inner cavern, and the light of the entrance fell upon her in a slanting beam, as a very deftly arranged abaft of limelight in a theatrical scene might have rested upon the heroine of a play. Adser Blythe was a young woman who would have challenged yonr attention where ever yon might have seen her ; bnt here in this strange place ahe gave a feminine touch to her grim environment that was peculiarly charming. Mr. Jerry Bray was quite right about her taste in dress, or her instinct, one might better say, for the attire that suited her best, not alone ia the matter of personal appearance, but as regarded the work she bad to perform ; for she was a person of many duties. She not only acted as gnide to the cavern, hat always the first to rise at the Lapidary's Cottagn, she made the fire, got breakfast ready and frequently took charge of the Museum, let alone having to tike miscellaneous lesson* from Zodack Bradford. On summer days ahe helped a friendly farmer in the hay field, was a good hand atwbe-t harvesting, though there was very little com growing in the Peak ; she had also occasional fits as rambling about the hills, and won Id bring home trophies of all kinds, nnts, berries, flowers and geological specimens, some of which Zodack would polish for her and im mortalise. Now and then she would be away for many hoars, and return home throngb the cavern when they thought she had already left that mysterious country nndergroond. Adser knew more about the Devil's Cavern than all the historians, Geologists and mining ^neiueera put together ; but at present that is her secret. On this August afternoon -ieofTn-y Latlikill took 'qpfr?'! Dote of her as she stood within the light near the keeper's hut. She was above the medium height of woman. Her bead was bare of hat or bonnet. It was well poUed upon her shoulders, that were broad bnt sloping. Her hair was roughly bound up into a knot in her neck. It was a dull n»d, and there was a crispness iu it that betokened a tendency to curl. It was slightly parted in the middle, and came down low upon an open though closely knit forehead. Her eyes were a deep blue, with dark brows and Uuhes, and her face bad the paleness that is often seen with ml hair, though in her case it had none of the wary appearance that goes with freckles. It was a genuine complexion that many ladies in society endeavour to imitate with bismuth and other artificial washes. The girl's Upe. were ruddy and her teeth whit*. TTer mouth was a good-tempered mouth. It laughed easily, was sensitive also to a pitiful story, bnt with a certain firmness that might jowly inspire trust aud confi dence Her chin was very different in contour from that of oar frieod Tregarron ; it was broad, and at the same time rouotl, not * prominent chin such m certain modern painters of classic tfgurps love to denier, but a lovable, human, honest chin, befouling to a real womanly face, with a nose not too perecft, having the faintest suggestion of the retrousse a \d yet not without diguity ; one of those noses in short that woraeu get old gracefully with, not too prying a nose, not the nose that is eternally poking into other people's busi ness ; a nose that was perfectly ia harmony with the frank open laughing face of one of the loveliest creatures that Ueoflrey L\UikiU thoagnt he bad ever seen. Adser was dressed in a brown eerge bodice and skirt, showing a neat pair of ankles, in blue woollen stocluuKs, and an equally neat pair of feel iu strung tennis alioea. Her dress was Bligbtly opeu at the neck, and she wore a soft white ktrehief. Her waist was loosely cl&sped; by a. brown leather belt, fastened with a silver buckle, a present from Zodack Bradford, who hail booglit it from a dealer, who in his turn had bought it from an old woman, who had taken it from the clasps of an old Bible. Geoffrey did not know this unril later ; b«t it is just as well to mention the fool ill this place The general effect of Adser on the oot to:- susceptible male mind would be that of a fine, healthy, good-natured, hand some girl : and this was the effect ou the mind of Geoffrey La t bid 1 1 on his first intro duction to her at the cottage, but heie, in the Devil's Cavern, aud wiih the masic of God's factory in hiB ears, she seemed to him something strange and altogether unusual in her beauty. He was artist enough to know that allowance had to be made for accessories ; had be not exhibited more titan once at die Academy, and was he not often seen at the Salon? Hot There was something bo fine, so innocent, eo fearless, so noble, in the expres sion of the countenance generally, that later in the day l;e began to quest on himself concern ing the sensations of what is called lov«; at first sight It was as if he was awakening from a dream when Adser slid, ' Now, bir, will yon come? Have yon anything you would like to leave in the office V ' Is this the office V asked tteoffrty , looking into the hut. *' Yes, the visitors book's in there and visitors pay for admission, aud sign their names, bat Mester Mucklethorpe says you're not to be charged, and he's waiting for as yonder.' She painted to the dark end of the ropewalk, where a small door was open, and a light could be seen glimmering afar off. Geoffrey, as he followed his guide, observed that not only was she beaut if al, bnt that her voice was not the uneducated voice that had struck him as characteristic of most of the ordinary classes of the Peak people While she was not altogether without a dialect, she spoke with a good selection of words, and she pronounced most of them correctly. The breadth that she ullowert to her vowels and her occasional use of thon and thee seemed to add distinction to oil she said. Considering that -ieofirey had conversed with women of all classes, colours, and nations, it was odd that he should travel into this humble corner of Derbyshire to find what to his mind was an ideal beauty in the guide to a show-cavern, and the daughter of a drunken rope-maker. Thrusting a lighted candle in hia hand the nimble-footed guide the next moment stood on a projection of ro'k above him, and oracularly announced that this was 'one of the largest known caverns iu the world, extending upwards of two thousand two hundred feet into the mountain, and dipping to six hundred below iu sumsrit, the grand natural archway forming the entrance being forty-two feet high, and one hundred and twsnty wide. Guides, animate and inanimate, take delight always in figures. Adser Blythe had learnt the lesson from her predecessor. The original story had come down from the most primitive guides 10 '?'?the she native of the place,' who led Thomas Hobbs, of Malmes bury, through the cavern some two hundred odd years ago. It is not a little curious that in his day the guide should have been a hand *' VVho wilh her nuitely foot and awenl Hear, As pHule - mtwklcn* n-* with mam a --hwr.' Tradition and usage are everything in the Peak. A girl win among the guides who piloted Queen Victoria through the cavern before her Majesty's marriage, and rowed her over the dark waters of the lierhyshire Styx while a brass band played 4ti.od save the Queen.' It would interest her Majesty in these latter days to hear her faithful subjects in the Peak tell strangers all abont this great event ; bow the -}nf»eii Rtonped with the rest under the dark subterranean arch and lay down like any other mortal while the boat was pushed through tlie tunnel into the senii tl&rkness; Iwyoiul. ' Follow in.!, please, ' sai-I Adser Blythe, a* ehe dashod ahea.l of llii* .-nrapMir^l vuitnr, to emerge into the first spacious opening of the cavern. ' This,' Baid Adser, in ber oracular manner, 'is called the Bell House; on the other side of tbi* spacious hull, and which we in width. This used to be traversed iu a boat. Visitors had to lie flat on their backs while it was rowed through. There was fimt a low arch to go under ; you had to crawl through it ; Her Majesty Vueen Victoria when she visited the Peak inspected ibis cavern and made the excursion l-eneath the archway, and in the boat over what is exiled the River Styx. If you hold your light down you can see Liie remains of the old boat in which the Queen was ferried.' \- Jeoffrey lowered his guttering double candle and noted the deciying timber* of a punt. Turning to make a remark, hf saw Iiis guide's light some distance ahead. He hoard her say, ' l-e careful, bend your head,' anil when he had done so he was in another Bpacious opening, having-a roof that was black with weird shadows. ' This '.magmficeni hall,' Baid the gui-le, whose face was illuminated by the light of a candle held above her hea.I, *' is two hundred and twenty feet in length, two hundred broad, and a hundred nod twenty feet high. The sound yon hear ia that of the river that takes its rise in thin stupendous cavern, and is the chief water supply of Castletou. In wet and stormy weather it ri=es to a great height, completely filling the cavern and rendering it wholly impassable, leaving behind a deposit of mud, or fine sand, such as you will observe on either side of you embanked, tt ia this fine material that lapidarirf u«w for their l*est work iu polishing. This opening is called ?The ftcJntf Saloon,1 or » Pluto's Hall,' and if you wfll put oot your light and st^nd where yon are foV a minni* you shall see it iUu minuted ;' wheteupou she pursed her lips and -whistled a &igo;*l *« ' Mester Muckle thorpe,' wlio waa waiting in a weil-chosen corner with a pan of blue tire. * Before (Geoffrey could pay Adser the com pliment that was on his lips she had blown out her candle and disappeared. Her voice, as it commanded ' pnt out your light, please, ' sounded afar off, though it was only a few feet above him. When ail of a sudden the subterranean hall was illuminated, Geoffrey saw a wild excava tion with natural steps here, and there and pieces of rock aud stalactites in impressive confusion, and a broken roof tint appeared to have no end. The blue fire with its illu minatcd smoke beiDg extinguished, Adser wa* by his side. Ho did uot know it until he heard her voice. 'Let me light your caudle, please,' she said. She little dreamed to what extent she had lighred the candle of his Pagination a»d how brightly it was burning, how it flashed up when she spoke, how entranced he was under the spell of her voice in this strange subter ranean world. 'Oh, thank you,' was all he could say at the moment, as Adser struck a common lucifer match and relighted the two candles, which he carried like a cheap torch. '.Follow ine, please,' she Miid. ' I certainly will,*1 lie answered, «' but wait 11 There is no danger,' she said, ' it ia all plain sailing now.** ' But there is much danger,' said fieoffrey, 'where dul you get that soft sweet roice?' Adser wan accustomed to compliments, and from the moment that she had thought Geoffrey was quizzing her, she had kept a check upon her words and manner, though she had been very careful in her pronunciation — her elocution, as Zodack Bradford named it — on this special occasion as much iu honour of the Duke's letter as for the reason Uiat she had an instinctive desire to please the dis tinguished-looking young fellow with whom at first she was inclined to gossip and chat in her most free and easy manner. Her only response to - Geoffrey's question about her voice was her signal -whittle to Mockletnorpe, a little trill of a few notes that went echoing through the cavern like a cry of a bird. In response Geoffrey siw tiny lights appear one after the other like the lamps of a dim city in zig-zag fashion one here, another there. Bud then in rows as yon may see the gaslamps shimmer when the lamplighters are busy in the wintry quarters of an old town. Adser went on with her tiny flame as it to join in this pretty twinkling of lamps, presently, however, ro pause and announce the nest feature of interest. 'This is Roger Rain's house, so called from the continual dripping of water which you notice ; but we will continue please, you won't like to be kept standing in the wet.' This last remark was made by way of apology, as she passed to the *' Chancel ' and ?-Orchestra.' ' Some folk call it the chancel only ; and what they call the orchestra X call the choir. Give me yonr hand.' « Once more she was by his side, he hardly knew how, and she was leading him to a point where he could best see the natural beaoties of the place known as the Victoria Hall ; and Adser knew more abont it and the strange place and the strange headways and incidents of the uppet strata of the rock than any other living soul. Many a search had been made by engineers, antiquarians, friends of Muckle thorpe and agents of the Dube of Devonshire, to find the secret way that it was said had existed between the Castle of Peveril and the Devil's Hole ; but none of them had pene trated to a point that Adser knew; and Uucklethorpe always declared that the men in armour in the old days would never have cone further than the rock under which the Queen had been conducted and out on the other side upon an underground river. Adscr, by the way, had forgotten to inform Mr. Geoffrey Lathkill that the rock had been blasted for a passage-way *ince the Queen's girlhood. The cave w*s loo full of ghosts ana devilries, Mncklethorpe argued, in ilie days when men fought in metal coat?, for any of 1'evcrii'a meu to hare persevered into the furthest recesses of the Devil's Hole with ihc awful sound of underground rivers and fiends' cauldrons in their ears. ' They worked a way into the cavern I' he would say scomfotly, ' might as well aay they took a harh in bottomless pit of Speedwell mine where the river out o' Devil's Hole falls like ten thousand catierax and iuto which miners for years and year* chuckled their utuff. Thousand o' tons, and not m&de; a jot o' difference.' The recollections of Mucklethorpe as the guide set Adser off into a little fit of merrr laaghter tint soonrinl almost uncanny in the dark passage they were threading. «uh here and there about them the ?nlasb of monv waters. 3 14 1 must come one flay and hear him ' (Jeoffrey replied. T ' Do, it is as good as a Punch and .Tudv alww,' said Adser, adding in another tone of voice altogether, 'this spot is called the Denl e Hole,' (projecting her candle into the entrance of a dark cavity), ' and non- we are coming to the Halt-Way House. Stand here and Mucklethoqe will light it up.' She whistled, aud almost at once the place was aglow wi,h blue fires and red, i I* followed by intense darkness. ' Vou whistle wonderfully,' aaid-fteoffivy, bnt there was no response to his remark. Adser had disappeared. She not only4tnew the cavern by heart, but conld run every step of it blindfolded, and she was as light of foot as a gazelle. 'Stay where you are one moment,' she said, and bounding down a steep descent, her UgUt ia her hand, she made Geoffrey's torch twinkle once more, and remarking ' now we come to the finest sight of all,' took hold upon the sleeve of his coat and leJ him forward. ' Von are the tinest sight of all I have seen yet,' said Geoffrey, beginning to feel once more at home with the girL 'Oh, I dare say,' sue answered with a laugh. ' I ara in earnest,' said. Geoffrey. ' Of course, yon are/' she answered, in a tone of banter. ' Now yon are going to whistle for the lights,' he said. 'Don't for a moment. I like your whistle in itself, but I prefer to hear you talk, and when you whistle yon go off and They were pushing their way over a rough path, crossing narrow brandies of the Sty*, and shouldering mighty banks of detretis, and ever ahead of them now glittered and twinkled, and went out, and reappeared the torch of Mucklethorpe. the' dens inachina' of the illuminator? effects which Adser loved to whistle up, like the stage manager giving signals to the prompter for rising curtains. ' But talking is wasting tbeold roan's tiroi», aud there may be other visitors that wont to ?ectfae place, and yon'vegut it alt to yom-seif, because you know the DoJte, Have yon been staying with the DukeV* she asked, her inqnisitiveness coming to Geoffrey's conversa tional assist once. - *' Yes, I've been shooting at Ohatsworih, or rather over the Stallage moors, with a party — the Dnke and his friends.' ' Have you indeed ? It 'a a grand place. Chats worth ! I can't think how folks can make op their mind* to live in it, though. I couldn't for shame to Bit down and eat my dinner with all those grand pictures looking on, and taking a chair among -snch -splendid things! How did you fee! like in that dining room* Bat there, I daresay yonVe v'wd to that kind of living. n ?4 Oh no, I am not,' said Geoffrey, ' though I hare seen life of that kind, and visited at palaces in all parts of the world.' ** Have yon now !' die remarked, paining to look at him, ' but have you ever seen any thing as grand as Chatsvorth ?' ' Well, yes, I think so, Lot as you say, it is a very beautiful place.' 'Did you see that table that's nude of Blue John? Eh, bnt that's a wonder! Zodack says it's worth an awful lot of money. because you see Blue John mine is getting worked out. Zodack'* made things that's prettier to look on, I thinks and after oil, what a thing's worth isn't all the world, is itr *' No,' said Geoffrey, ' there are many lovely things that are not of intrinsic value.' 'Cum, com, Adser Blythe,' said a voice from a remote point above them, 'Aoan't waste gentleman's toime, cos I want to hev him see i' cavern from end I' end.' 'Very well,' ahonted Adser ia reply, 'get yonr fires ready. '' ' Is that old Mucklethorpe ?' asked Geoffrey. 'Yes,' said Adser, starting on ahead, 'yon see ve are going to take you to the river at the end, we don't show ordinary folk more than the Victoria HalL And this ia ir, yon can breathe again here ; pat oat your light.' '* Bat don't go avay,' Baid Geoffrey, ' old Mncklethorpe wants no beIp.M ' 'Very weUf' said the girl, and Geoffrey noticed that there was qoiteamasical cadence in the way in which she let {all those often raed, conceding, and conciliating vrorde, ' Very a-ell;' it was her ' Yes,' her general affirmative, and OeoRrey iras not the first » ho had noticed the tnnsic of it. While Geoffrey was thinking of this sweet ' rery well,' Adser let off her sybilant signal ; this time it was a kind of military call, & wbiatliiig reveille, ' in honour of the Queen,' as she said laughingly in reply to a remark that she had difierent signals. ' Excuse me one minnte,' ahe raid, darting up a steep declivity as the Bengal fires began to expose in brilliant hues die lurid crags of this vast stony apartment named after the Queen in honour of her girlish visit to the cavern. Narare has couati-acled Ihe pLtce entirely of limestone. Tlie strata, is rife with marine remains intersected with chert. When lighted it has been likened to a soene from Dante's Inferno. Away up among the rrags that stood ant in the «utoky light of distant fires Oeoffrey saw Adacr by the side of another figure. Hff was rather reminded of Goethe than of Dante. Adser looked like Marguerite on the Bracken, Mucklethorpe like one of iu evil spirit*. Geoffrey shuddered at the nawwinfr thought and said, 'God forbid that ehe should ever ?neet such a fate V Anil as the snildenarayer dropped from bis lips he was once more in darkness, through which, however, came the cheerful voice of his guide. '? That was fine, wasn't it ?- 'Indeed it wan,' he answered, and she once more stood by his side as if she had -W.!!!K. leraeif down from a mountain gorjie. 'The spot you are standing on is where ViM-en \ictoria. stood, when the land up yonder played the Old Hundredth. I've often thought, it must have Ween grand to hear them playing that fine old hymn to the Queen of England.' Adser was unl-cnding once more nnder the courtly and respectful mauiicr of her vinitor. 'It must liave Keen very tine,' said I.eoffrey as his eyes wandered to the fnrther most end of the chancel, where a row of candles marked the locality of wliat Adser called the Aoir, but what was generally known as the Orchestra. ?'Thank yon, Mr. Mucklethorpe,' said -aser, and at once the lights hwan to di'ip- pear, and Adser walked « little way in front of the visitor. ' Do yon often make these journeys through the cavern r Geoffrey asked, in something of a sympathetic tone. 'Ob, yes, many a time a day, when the excursion folk throng an,' she said. ' Don't you get -very tired of it ♦' ' No, it amuses me. Besides I'm paid for it Old Mnddethorne is a decent sort ; and yon see I am not obliged to do it; 1 just please myself, not like his daughter as had to do it whether she felt Uke it or not. Uackle thorpe has to be guide himself sometimes; yon should hear him \' ' Is he fanny ? ' 'Rather. He goes at it as if he was having a row with folks. He doesn't mean it. of coarse ; he's rather amiable than otherwise ; gives folks things ; gathers tnoshroonu, never eats them himself; I believe he Ua down right good man, old Muckle thorp-.' 'Fin glad to hear it; he give me some nmshrooms. ' Did he, though ? Well, that is curion;, and yonM only just seen him.' \- ** No, bat where are you going now ?*' 'Oh, a little further ; stoop!' 'To conquer?** said (feonVey, bending bis head, and following his guide. ' Folks have to stoop in this world.' said Adser, and then Uneklettiorpe appeared. ' This air,' be said, ?? is t' end of t' cavern ; step over the water careful ; that's it ; you'll tind it a bit slippery ; mind yer bead there, th-tt's ale reighl ; we niwer bring visitors as fur as this ; bnt we've just gotten to show yo th' consato reight tJirouxli.' Thy stood by an underground river, that went rushing along at their feet. It was cot in any sense ? terrible sight ; nothing like the bottomless pit of the Speedwell whither it was bound, and into which, according u, Mnddethorpe, you might chuck the entire Peak country, sad it 'ad inek no difference. *' And now you've seen all -ve'n gotten to hhow you,' said Mnddetiiorpe, 'uul I tuna go on and Jet other folk in; Adaer will bring you to t' office, so as yo cm sign your name ; and I can only flay as any* other tune yo may like to see t' place you're welcome.' i-eft alone with Adser, Geoffrey frequently lagged behind to indnce her to lengtlien ont the return journey, bnt she said ir iras only fair to Mester Mnckletborpe that she ahooJJ get on and help him with the visitors that would now be sore to be waiting. At the office fteoffrey signed his name, and Adser said ' Good-bye, sir.' 'No, not good-bye,' siid Geoffrey, 'I eliall see you again ; I am staying at the Castle Inn €or a day or two ; besides I want to make a few pnrehases from Mrs. Biythe. Won't yon show me Mr. Zodack Bradford's masterpieces ?' ' To-morrow, pethapa,' said AdBer. ' I shall rely upon you, then.' ' Very weU,' Baid Adser, looking up into his face, with a smile that set his heart beating. ' Wont you shake hands'!'' he said. *? Very well,' she replied, in a soft voice, and laying her hand in his. ' For the present then, good-bye,' he said. *' Now Aoser, lass, crnn, here's a party waitin' for yo !*' Adser harried away. ' Good-bye, air, and thank you,' said JUDcklethorpe. 'Good day, Mr. Mncklethorpe, and thank you,' said Geoffrey, ' I have no doubt the mushrooms wiB be very eood. I'm going to have them for lunch, I believe.' ' Gook'd in t' oven in drippin pan -ri' plenty o' butter an* some pepper an' salt, and lightest aprinklin' o' -flour they're not to bs beaten,' said MLnddethorpe. ' You are an epic-are,' Geoffrey replied, ' you must come and have a glass of wine at the Castle.'' 'Thank yo, sir, I'm too bnsy jmt now, thank yo sj! t' same.' 'Good day then,' said Geoffrey, once nwff lookine back to see if Adser were is sight-, bnt the cavern looked dark and melancholy. She had disappeared. The ropers were busy with their wheels and drums and their spinning, and tile brook was dancing along outside the cave. Geoffrey strolled leisnrely along the declivity, avoiding the Lapidary's Cottage, which Mrs. Blythe observing, called to him. 'To-morrow, Mrs. Blythe,' he sail', 'I am going to stay here some lime ; I will look ** Thank yo. sir,** said Xanny, and Geoffrey went on, to meet as he entered the to»-n his -tnver from Button. ' Von can put in your horws, l-arry,' sai«l ('enffrey. ' Ole reight, sir.' ' I am not reluming, Iio»p--t. I want you to go and fetch my luRpige.' 'Oh,' said the driver, with an expression ot sudden inquiry. ' The Castle seems to be a good inn V 'Oh, yes, it's 6rst rate. I am going to stay at the Castle a day or two, the village interests me. ' ' It does most visitors,' said Larry. ' hat do you want me to come buck with Ihe luggage to-oeet *?' ' Why yes, certainly,' said Geoffrey. ' It's a long drive to go and come luurk. ' 'Here's a sovereign u- shorten it, siu' Geoflrey. ' Thank yo, sir,' said Larry, 'that noes shorten it liy a sight !' ?' And here's a ten-pound note ; pay my hill and bring me the change : tell the land lord I shall be bock at the Lion again one of these days soon.' 'Thank yo, sir, yes sir,' raid Larry, touching bis hat, 'yore something like a **' Thank you,' said littikttl, with a smile and a bos-. ' . , , 'Not at all, air,' said Larry. 'Idursay I can get back wi' bay mare and pg before yo've had yore dinner, that is if yo tek it at enpper toime, as must gentlemen do. '^o donlrt,' said Uthkill, taking out I : pocketbook and writing a lnoaagc, 'and I want you to give this to mv man. ' I ;'Te.,sir,ff said Larry. 'I am not returning to -right,' be wrote : 'take the next train to lawn; pack one of my large easels, and a few canvasses, bring my colour box, some brushes, my small tent, and pack a hamper of champagne (Jorrock's —if there is uot enough go to the nine merchant'*} and come to the Ca-sUe liere ; i Larry, Che Lion driver, will tell you how 10 get here ; bring some dolhcs if you think necessary ; I shall stay here probably for a month. Tearing out the ieaf upon which he had scribbled these instructions, folding up the missive and turning down a coiner of it, he addressed it to ' Mr. Perrywick.' ' There, Larry, give that to my man ; he is going to London for some things I want ; tell him how to Ret there, -and Bee lam off by the very first train to town.' 'I ?ill, sir,' said Larry, 'is there any thing else I can do for you ?' ' Nothing ; away you gn, lurry.' And away Larry went accordingly. (Tobitmthnmi.) 