An Avenue ot'Cedars. Tho Wonderful Roadway That Loads From Tokio to Nikko, in Japan. c roTIr sItS Or NMAOtNICeOST TnRea, II5ed 'INO IN1 T5EIa onnnuAHOn. t Pculiar Gairomonics at the Funeral? of a Jirsanoso irLt. The ,Tapaneso, when they entombed, at Nikko, lyoyunu, one of their greastost states. sien and heroes, the founder of the Tokue gowa dynasty of military rulers, whoso power came to an and only with the revolu tion of 181,, after lasting three centurio- planted better than they knew when they built an alnost straight road from Tohio to the sanored ground at Nikko, lined the greater ditalnoo on either hand with pines and cedars, whose fragrant breath and giant tops pgrfhmo and shadow the path. Since thee 1(00 years have come and gone, adding year by year ring growths, till now those forest giants guard the way, mature and vigorous, as it age only added to their strength. This avenue of cedars roaches almost forty miles of the way from Tokio to Nikko. I have seeon avenues of oake at Windsor and Book. ingham maybe two milecsor over long; but think of it l a roadway graded level, about twenty feet wide, curbed at both sides, with living water running, and with steeply. eloping banks from six to twelve feet high, and upon these in an endless procession the great cedars of Japan. I wonder if the world elsewhere can match it. Noble tranees impress most people; with me, never before had I felt the dignity, the majesty, that trees like these coeld give as an expresuion of human emotion. The desire which the decendaonts and noeeesgers of the great Iyeyasu had to embodyin a fitting way their reverence for hie--to them-godlike powers could not possibly have been dioylayed in a grander manner than is seen to.day in this wouderful avenue of coders. They stretoch along mile after mile, sometimes only singly in a straight line olose together, the swelling bases quite touching oech other, and then they stretch out in couples and triplets. Olten twin trees oeem to spring from one base. Nowhere is there ahebluteness of utraight line, but everywhere that delightful unbalanced symmetry peouliar to Japeneue art acid which Nature only tenohes. The cedars vary in diaumelat from two feet to slx foot. The bark is eradish, thin and loseo set in rather narrow parellel stripe. The trunks are straight and uniformly round, reobhing filfty to oventy.fiveo feeoot in height before branching much, and roaching an altitude of 10 to 180 feeoot. The branchoe are not largo in proportion to the trunks, so that trees stand closo together, interlaooing their shado. We entered this avenue from the railway station, Ultnuno-miyp, at about 3i o'nlok il the afternoon, having arranged for jin-rikl. abas and extra men to pull us all the way to Nikko, expecting to roach thorn before dark, but it was nine Japanese r'i, equal to about twenty.three English miles, and a moderate up-grade all the way, and it was nine o'clock at night before we reacheod Nilko. Solemn and imposing indeed was the shadowed way during the afternoon hours and short twilight, but doubly aolemn an night settled down, and nothing could be dietinguished. The jlinrikil.ehseane seemed to feel their way wilh their foot; a paper lantern with a tallow. candle lighted tle epaoe that allfiroefy would, The banks of the roadway were quite above our heads, but one after another we could see tihe groat trunks of the cedars leading up till lost in the upper darkness. Every now and then the " riky " men would startle us by ' Iln,:' then " St," "Norya,'" the expression of warning, and thae somo gray ghost of a belated traveller would oiloetlyolide by. Thou we would see glimmering lanternue ,ahead, and long stretohes of pack.horses loaded with char. coal, baled riao and bamboo poles, would go noisily by. There was no wind, no inseat sounds. At intervals of two or three miles we would come to a large village built on either side of the road, at which point the avenue of cedars ceases, only to commenoo solidly and uninterruptcdly again at the aed of the villango street. At Nilkk the avenue practinally ends, and there the largest and oldest of the ceodars group themeelvoesin forest.like manses around the great Shogun's tomb, &b; APANO re eNeUL.,. Tie oldest daughter of Otani Kahol, a rich rice merchant of Yolkohama, died recently, 15 years ol ago, and I witnessed the funeral procession an it passed along one of tire main streets of the city. It was nearly a mile ine length, and contained probably a thousand persons, including mourners, friends, priests and Ilower-learres. First came six great bouquets or stand of fleowere arranged in a couioal form, enach about eight foot high, two feet in diameter at the bottom, taploring to the topll. Theoo conesltod of Alternateoaircles of flowers and evergreens, and were strikingly allective in charactor. - The ateom or handle or eoach was a green bamboo about five inohoes in diameter, fixed at the bottom in a soma. what ornamental wooden base. They were ar. ried braced to shoulder.poloo by coolles, witlh relays of meui to relieve them ocaselonally, Following thies were sei stands of artificial Ilowers, gilded and silveredl; lutter tlhse the young feeoale relatives and friends of the dead girl, richly dressed, eahle in a jin-riki. sha. Then came no Ices than fifty-two anor. mous stands of flowers and evergreens-snoh as first deseribed-borne in pairs; followed by a largo number of tsukurihbana (artificial flowers). Then asmo a eolemn.looking " SSin.lwan "(Shllto priest), who tapped upnon It saared drum ; after him a number of saored- msicians in full drern and hats, playing upon small bamboo lifoes. After these, in jI-.riki.shas, a number of Buddlhist prieste, with havoen hands, dressed in rich. colored robes, holding in their laps somae symbolic veawels containing rice and other- to m--uneeknown substnnoac. Over those were held enormous criHmson plper urn. brellas, curried by bearers dreused in whitee. After thlese caeo a Ino holinlg "lhai," a woodee tablet on which the noene of the dead girl was written ; then two men fellowed with inleonse burhnelre; ithen maney eimore stands of flowers, both natural alnd artlicial. Then utIle the iody it a plain eollin covered with white, borne hirh ulen Ia platform, over wilehl was a onolpy, Theee followed tile relatives oe font aind friends of tile deeeased's parents, Und after tilem the public. At the meteolry huendroed o boxe cootniling oweetmeats were givee away to the friends, and tea waise erved to all who wislelod. ifuoh of the ciremony was unintelligible to ,ee, but as a tubliu spetaule it was remarkable. O(ei one of these ieinerant and lernieltont gentlumtean witll a subrilption.book heptl pro. sentilng it while old lfortce Greeley was writing. Ilnraoo hand a habit, when any one would interefiern, nf kilckinog, and o hlie laked at thie subecription lined. Ieinaslly, when lie saw that hoe could not get rid of tlhe intruder by this melann, he stoppeld ill the middle of a eenteene, turtede roenl, tnd otid, roapingly; in that shrill voleoo of his : " Whlat do you want ? Statlo it quiea , and state it in the fewest pIsilblei wvrdls I" " Well," snid the vebeeription fnied, " 1 want a oubaerilptlon, Mr. reeley, to prevent thoulnads of my fellow human beings from goinl to eiil." Sloid Ilr lreeley: "I won't give you a cent. Ihero don't half euough go there now.. JNotonsto Sat.In: "ifor you, darling, 'I wnad lay meu dloutn ad dee.'" I'raotileal Maiden : " l'hat Hort of tline is alosr ott of date, Willi. Wlhat a girl wants niown.odays is a man wis is willing to got up and hastle fer ear," I Is always safe to loarn even from our seneulae--.ldom adse to venture tolestruot eval 0o1 I|iends, 