SHAKESPEARIAN ERRORS. Shakespeare speaks of King John and his barons fighting with cannon, whereas these instruments of destruction were then entirely unknown; he causes one character to mention printing a couple of hundred years before the time of Guten berg and another to allude to striking clocks in the days of Julius Caesar; he mentions a billiard-table as part of the furniture of Cleoxratra's summer palace, and causes Hector to quote Aristotle; he makes ridiculous blunders in geo graphy, giving seaports to Bohemia, an inland country, and speaking of Delphos as an island. All these were probably blunders of ignorance, for in matters like these the great dramatist seldom rose above the common knowledge of his day ; but in " Hamlet" there are two exceedingly curious mistakes evidently the result of pure forgetfulness. One is in the speech made by the ghost to Hamlet:— But that I am forbid To tell the secrets of my prison house, I could a tale unfold, whose lightest word Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood, Make thy two eyes, like stars, start from their spheres. Thy knotted an<l combined locks to part, And each particular hair to stand on end Like quills upon the fretful porcupine ; Bnt this eternal blazon must not be To ears of ilesli and blood. List, list, oh list! H the passage has any meaning it must refer to the story of the murder, which the ghost, in spite of his earnest assertion that he is forbidden to disclose, immedi ately proceeds to narrate. In a popular novel of recent date the author decided to kill his victim with consumption, and then gave him all the symptoms of pneumonia- "Wilkie Collins avoided blunders of this ldiid by a curiously practical method. "When he wished to use sickness as a means of promoting the plot of his story he interviewed the family physician on the subject. In one of Massinger's plays a rival powders a bouquet with poison, a lady tnfces the flowers in her band, her lover kisses the tips of her fingers and drops dead. Kveu Shakespeare is sometimes gravely in error when he undertakes to dispose of his characters by poisoning them, as witness the famous case of Hamlet's father, who, as the dramatist alleges, was murdered by having poison poured into his ears, and died without waking. 