ST. MARY'S R.C. CHURCH $3even o'dock. masa was celebrated at St. Mary's on Sunday by the Bev Father Cusack, who is on a visit to Kyneton, and who preached at morning and evening- services. The rev gentleman is an impresaive speaker, and his earnest addresses were listened to with marked attention. - The Catholic Chnreh dnring this mouth devotes special attention to prayers for the dead, especially on All' Saints Day, November 2, and the preacher, at 11 o'clock mass, in view of this fact devoted his attention to the doctrine of Purgatory and prayers for the dead. Father Cusack took for his test the follow* ing words from Matthew, chap. 12, v. 32-: —"And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of Man it shali be forgiven him, but he that shallspeakagaiiistthe.Holy Ghost it not be forgiven him, neither in this woildnorinthe world to come," and said that ont of Hell there could be no redemption, and as sin could not enter Heaven it was dear that, according to the text 'quoted, there most be a third place, or place of atonement, in the other world. There were many poor souls that leftthe world slightly tainied with sin,' and to satisfy the justice of God they should remain in Purgatory till they were freed from ein and fit -to enter Heaven. The members of the true Chnreh, continued the preacher, are formed into three divisions—the Church .militant on earth, the Church suffering in Purgatory, and the : Church triumphant in Heaven. Ths XJor souls in Purgatory were subjected to: ; earful ^mlEarinjr in addition* to the Mnse' of Idas' iliohgh being Jdeprived of the . beatific -vision. 'God loved these poor sonls, but they should remain in Purgatory till they satisfied His justice. The preacher concluded by showing that it was the duty of Catholics in all parts of the world to pray for. their suffering brethren, who were safe aafar aa their eternal happiness was con» cerned, but whose .suffering in Purgatory could be mitigated lay God s mercy. The sermon in the evening was on the devotion by Catholics to tiie Blcssed 'Viigin. 41 In |]ie organism o! man, as in that of all the (he' materials forthe nutxitaonof everyportion-of thestructure are supplied by "the blood. If the blood is diseased the body is diseased." *'Clarice's Woddfamed Blood Mixture" is a guaranteed cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases, It is the moot saarthing'blood cleanser everdiaoovered,Euidit will free the system from all imparities from whatever oanse Miring, lror Scrofula, Scurvy, Kcsema, ttad -Legs, Pimples and Sana of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of wonderful cures have been effected 'by it Sold everywhere at 2s 9d per bottle. Beware of worthliB imitations and substitutes VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOK THE HAIH.—If jour Judris tuning grey or white, or falling off,-use "The Mexican Hair Reneiwer,*' for it tmll potilivdi' return to every cote Greg or WKie hair to its original colour, without luring -the disagreeable . smell - of most •• fiestcrers." It makes the hair charmingly beaulifnl, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where the glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for" TOM MSIICAN KAIA BEKEWSB," sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3a 6d per Bottie. Wholesale depot, 33 Famngdon Road London, Eseiand. ... r FLOBILIMB!—YON THB TIETH ANU BAAATH A few drops of the liquid Floriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth-Drnsh produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly deanaes the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens IhB gums, prevents taxtar^ stops deaay, gives to the teeth a peculiar peady whiteness, and a JoHgtrffnl fntp»Tn«tn thefaBBftth. It removes rfi unpinimmt niimir ariigngfrom decayed teeth ortotaoooamoke. " The Fragrant Floriline," being composed in parts of Honey ana sweet jerb6, is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovary of the age. Price2s 6tLof all Chemists-and PeAunem. - Wholesale depot 33 FarrinKdon Road Ixmdon. England "CLAKKX aWouD- RTIM) BLOODMULTUKB is a guaranteed cure for all blood and skin diseases It is the most searrhing blood deaasmever disoovered,-iaiid..|t,<wPl^ee the ayBtsm&om;'adlimpurilaeB from whatever canse ' Sac £ciofnla, deprvy, BroeniB. Bad i^Pimplas, «nd So^ of dlJKnas. its -eflartotaleciarveUouB. •flHetjtBtoeinarvellouB. ThmwanasofwonBiir- .— , _ lul cores hfcTe been effected 1)T It. So^dferei,- wh3re,atSs8d per bottle. Beware of unitatiims. _ For thepast quarter of a century there pu .been one cantmnaus,fiow oI ,.lBttraB - bearmg tnily wmiflrrfnl cnreetiSeuhja by raa^a Wodd -famed Blood Mixture,*»Af jnest Blood Purifier <<3iat saoense and meainal skillhavBbrouj^it to light.*' -Sufferers from "SerafrilB,Scurvy.Bcsenia,Badiegh Blonand Blood Diseases, Punples andSores of anytand, aiesdicitedtogiveita trial to test itsvslue. BOld Everywhere at 2s 9d per home. Beware ofworflilfiesimitationsBDdtaibtftitutes. 