(leneralitiea. Good for sick people—Well water. Woman lives by sentiment where man lives by aotion. The man wbo is scared at ghosts ia afraid of nothing. " Stout and bitter"—the mother-in-law of the humourist. Forgive your friend twice; your enemy 5 hundred times. A young girl can stand up straight and still be bent on marriage. Money matters can always be settled, but feelings are pitiless. It is euppooi. 1 that a hen lays an egg because she can't stana it on end. Many people devote too much of their time to miscellaneous thinking. It is the successful theatrical manager who has much to thank his stars for. Almost any friend will stand by you to the last shilling; but it must be your shilling. Men who live beyond their means find that their means never catch up with them. It is odd but true that one man can beat judge of a woman's carriage when ehe is walking. When a man helps his wife with her work she bos to drop what ehe ia doing to wait on him. The great trouble with men who borrow from Peter to pay Paul is that they don't pay Paul. For every man with a sovereign in bis pocket there are a dozen men scheming to get it. "Nothing succeeds like distress," remarked the beggar as he counted bis coin at the endof the day. The mischief of it is that though travelling takes the conceit out of a man, coming back puts more in. Cora—'* Fred says I was made to kiss." Nellie—" A delicate way, my dear, of referring to your turned-up nose." About the most awkward thing that oan happen to a man is to act contrarily to bis wife's wishes, and then fail. Kind Party—"Why are yon crying like that, my little boy?" Little Boy—"Cause it's the only way I know how." He—"Didn't you see me on the street to» day? I saw you twice." She—"I never notice people in that condition." Old Lady—"My friend, are you a Christian?" Beggar—"Well, mum, no one has ever accused me of workin' Sunday." Judge— " Do you know anything favourable about the prisoner ?" Witness—" He ran away wid me ould woman, yer anner!" If it is true that in union there is strength, how can the fact be accounted for that the strong-minded women are always single? Little Gertie, after waiting some time for dessert—"Uncle, don't yon have anything after dinner ?" "Yes, dear; the dyspepsia. A middle-aged person is one between the ages of twenty-five and seventy-five, according to the age of the person who makes the designation. Director—" What do you think of the new Board of Directors ?" Shareholder—" Half capable of nothing, and the rest capable of anything." Mabel—" How strange one's own writing seems to one when read years after writing it." Carson—"Yes, especially in a breaoh of promise case." Mamma—"My darling, don't yon think you've eaten enough?" Maudie—"Me don't know. Me ain't dot a vewy bad tnmmickache yet." Miss Wallop (teacherj—" Tommy, did I see you whispering with the boy next you just now?" Tommy—"No, ma'am. Your back was turned." " John," said Mrs. Growler, "are you superstitious about the number thirteen ?" "I am. You were my thirteenth girl, and, by Jove, you landed me." "Say, pa,"askedFreddy, "why is it that when you or Uncle Geerge tell a story yon always get laughed at, and when I tell one I get a lickin'?" This is the time of year when we are reminded that there would be fewer oases of pneumonia in the world if women would learn how to say good-by. Mr. Flim—"What is there about these long-haired musioians that attracts you women ?" Mrs. Grim—" Just think how easy a long-haired man is to manage." Mrs. Secondtime (peevishly)—"My first husband used to let me have my own way in everything." Mr. S.—"And what were the consequences?" Mrs. S.—" He died." First Stranger—"KxcuBe, me, sir, but I notice that you are looking at me closely. Is there anything about me that is familiar?" Second Ditto—" Yes, theie is. My umbrella.' A man at Rochester, fined for pulling a handful of hair out of his wife's head, said:— "That hair she is showing you has been*in the family for generations. She biought it with her when she summoned me five years ago." His first offence.—Policeman (suspiciously) —"Look here: you've been hanging about this ohemist'a window for the last half-hour. What's your little game ?" Little Spinks (new father)—" Well — ah — the fact is, constable, I'm waiting until the shop is empty, I've got to buy—ah—a feeding bottle." A professor asked his class—"What is the aurora? A student, hesitating, replied— "Professor, I did know, but 1 have forgotten." "That is sad, very sad," rejoined, the professor. "The only man in the world that ever knew has forgotten it." "But, papa," wailed the young woman, "you can have no idea how he loves me. He is willing to die for me this very minute." "Well," said the old man, scratching his head thoughtfully. " I don't know as I have any objection to that. I was afraid he wanted to marry you." Captain Norris — " How is it Stella de Blank, the danseuee, does not appear at the theatre to- night?" Colonel Mooney—"Well, you see, she met with an accident. A moth got into her dressing-room this afternoon and ate up the costume she wears in the first act!" On a certain occasion a lady had bought a sheep's head for her dinner party. It happened that the cook had her sweetheart visiting her on the same evening as the head was used, aud she quite coolly helped him to the tongue of the sheep. The head waa duly carried in, but when the lady looked ehe saw that the tongue was missing from it. Upon asking the servant where it was she exclaimed—"Lor, ma'am, it must have been a dummy !" Band Leader—" You vantB us to blay mib der funeral? Fes it a military funeral?" Stranger—"No; it's the funeral of my brother. He was a private citizen. He requested that your band should play at his funeral." Band Leader (proudly)—"My band, eh? Vy he choose my band?" Stranger— "Hesaid he wanted everybody to feel sorry he died." On one occasion the driver of a prison van distinguished himself by his ready wit. A would-be wag on the footpath hailed him with —"Got any room inside, Robert?" "There's room for one,"replied the driver; we kep' it for you." Not entirely disconcerted, the wit made another shot. " What is your fare?" he asked. The answer, however, entirely extinguished him, for the driver replied, " Bread and water; same as you had before. " The man with two cork legs was in a bad humour because he couldn't go skating, and he growled when be handed his fare to the street car conductor. "Well, it is pretty hard," admitted the conductor, "but you have one advantage." "I'd like to know what ib is." "You are never troubled with cold feet." "Perhaps not in theday time,"he admitted grudgingly, "but I am at night." "Oh, corns telloff," protested theeonductor. "It'e true, I you," he said sharply. "Geeout; you haven't any feet to be cold." "Possibly not, but my wife has," and the conductor rang up seven fares before he recovered from the shock. In St. Paul's a guide was showing an American gentleman round the tombs. "That, sir," said tho man, "his the tomb of the greatest naval 'ero Europe or the whole world hover knew—Lord Nelson's. This marble carcoughogus weighs forty-two tons. Hinside that his a steel recapticle weighing twelve tons, and hinside that is a leaden caeket, 'ermetically sealed, weighing over two tons. Hinside that his a mahogany coffin holding the hashes of the great 'ero." " Well," said the Yankee, after thinking awhile, " I guess you've got bim. If he ever gets out of that cable me at my expense." If you have a letter you cannot decipher take it to a newspaper compositor. Long praotice has rendered him an expert in reading illegible manuscript. In illustration of this Mr. Robert Clark, the well-known Kdinburgh printer, used to tell the following story:— Professor Lindsay Alexander came in hot haste on a Friday with the MS. of a sermon, and asked to have proofs of it ready for him on the following day. We said the time wae rather too short, and that he must give a few days longer. "No, 1 can't; it is impossible," he replied, with great anxiety. "I must preach this sermon to-morrow. It iB a special sermon. I wrote it ten years ago. and now I oan't make out a word of it." American tramps are in the habit of stealing a ride on American freight trains. A freight brakeman running out of Kern City one even* ing started to clear the tramps off the cars after leaving the station, and in so doing found a one-logged man stealing a ride. Taking pity on him, the brakem&n; told him to go back to an empty refrigerator car, lift the latch and crawl in. After a while tho brakeman came back and found the one-legged man near where he had left him. He again told him about the refrigerator car and again wetft about bis business. For the third time this was repeated, and then at the fourth the brakeman, supposing the crippled tramp did not know wh»o a refrigerator car was, said "Come along, and I'il show you where it is." When he reached the car he lifted the latch, and, swiugingTiis lantern down inBide, he waB astounded to eee no fewer than three one- Iesaed men already comfortably ensconced therein, while the fourth waa ready to join them. 