After Many Trials. ClIAI'TliR XVII. AV0WAI, OK LOVE. ' I was so touched by his frank avowal, and have such a genuine admiration for him, that I took him by the hand and told him if he loved our dear girl, as he said he did, and could win her, lie should have her with my blessing.' ' Everard, were you not very hasty and indiscreet ?' exclaimed the duchess, aghast at this announcement. ' My dear I have not travelled all over the world without learning to read character correctly; and I tell you, if Alicia can return this young man's afiection, I would rather give her to him than to any man whom I know/ ' I admire him very much, but we have known him only so short a time,' said her grace dubiously. ' He was as much astonished as you appear to be, but I told him the d cat- child's happiness was more to me than all the wealth of Golconda.' 'You are right, Evciard, as you al.vays are, I condemned her own father for forcing her to marry the man he choose for her, and I will place no obstacle now in the way of her choice. If it will make her happy to become the wife of Archibald Lenox, then his wife she shall be.' ' One as pure and innately noble as Alicia could not make an unworthy choice, she would never mate with anyone who was not morally her equal,' said the duke thoughtfully. 'No, she would not,' assented his wife. ' Shall we make up a little party and go up to Feisole to-morrow ?' asked the duke, at length. ' We will visit the church and the monastery, and then re turn home by moonlight.' 'Yes, we have talked of it for a long time, and it may do Alicia good. I feel anxious that she should throw off this gloom,' returned the' duchess an xiously. 'Very well, make out your list at once, and I will see that all parties are informed this afternoon.' On the next morning a gay company assembled at the villa on the mountain's side, all animated with joyous excitement over the impromptu picnic. Some preferred to go on horseback, others in carriages: Alicia rode with the duke and duchess, as she did not feel equal to managing her horse that mom-, ing. She looked unusally lovely as she leaned back among the light-blue velvet cushions of the carriage, although she was still very pale and apensive look dwelt in her eyes. Try hard as she would, her heart did yearn constantly after her dear old father and the tail- hills and vales of Montford. Mr. Lenox was on horseback, and his figure seemed more noble than ever as he gracefully managed his fine steed. He did not make his appearance until the party were onlthe point of starting, and Alicia had given him up entirely, 1 csign- ing herself, with a sigh of weariness, to het disappointment, when she saw him dashing towards them. ' Bowing and smiling right and left, he made his way directly ! to her side, his eyes reading her face with a look she had never seen in them before as he made his apologies for being late. The young girl's eyes lighted with a glad look of welcome, and the rich colour flew to her ch'eek, while her beautiful lips were wreathed with bright smiles. The duke and duchess exchanged significant glances, for they were quick to notice the change, and a tender tremulous smile hovered about Archibald Lenox's lips at his leccption. He rode by the side of the carriage, chatting gaily with the occupants, while many envious glances were shot in their direction as other young aspirants to the fair girl's hand were thus kept at a dis tance. The road to Feisole is very fine. It lies upon the sides ot the mountains, like a beautiful parapet excavated in the face of the rocky steeps, and walled up on the lower side, doubling and winding along by easy graduations until it reaches the summit. It was about noon when the gay com pany reached the village, and, taking un ceremonious possession of the one inn of the place, they partook heartily of the lunch which the duke had sent on before, then proceeded to explore ihe attractions of the place. The old church was visited first, then the monastery of Franciscan monks which crowns the very top of the highest peak, and from which one of the finest views in the world is obtained. The monks themselves were very courteous in showing them over their gloomy abode, and the place seemed to brighten visibly in the presence of so much youth, beauty, and grace, while even the grave, sad faces of the monks themselves lighted up with an interest long unknown to them. In walking about the vilLage, the party were much importuned and entertained by a crowd of girls with bunches of Tuscan trimming which they desired to sell. It was very tasteful and pretty, and many of the ladies purchased, some of them even learning to weave it, paying their little instructors in yellow coin, such as their young eyes had never look ed upon before. About sunset the party bent their steps to a spot on the mountain side, where there are the remains of a Cyclopean wall and they viewed with wonder the massive masonry built so many years ago by a MMge people. Alicia had been strangely happy during the day ; it was like the calm after a storm. She had lived only in the present giving no thought to the past, no care for the future. Now, as the party stood grouped about the Cyclopean wall, she wandered away from them, longing to be j alone with her own thoughts. Farther she strayed, until she came to a point where she could look down upon the city, and here she stood as if entranced with the beautiful panorama spread out beneath her. 'Why have I been so happy to-day ?' she murmured as ncr eye traced the windings- o fthe yellow Arro, which in the slanting sunlight seemed like a thread of gold running through the fair city ; and still the little bird sang on in her heart, bringing a blighter light to her eye, a deeper tint upon ler velvet cheek. Was it because she had read the language of Archibald Lenox's speak ing eyes, and her own heart answered to it ? He had scarcely left her side the whole day. It was his hand that had helped her over the rocky steeps ; it was his arm upon which she lcrned when they climbed the monastery stairs and stood upon the dizzy height of its towers. His voice had been like music in her cars, his smile like sunshine in her soul, and now while his intention had been claimed for a few moments by a friend, she had stolen away to think it all over again by herself. She had never met anyone like him be fore — never met such a mixture of chiv- alary and nobility. There was a grandeur about his character she had never recog nized in any one until now, a beauty of mind, a clearness ot intellect that charm ed and won her — yes, won her ! As she stood there so still, looking out over the gleaming city, there came to her with a suddenness that almost blinded her the knowledge that she loved Archi bald Lenox with her whole soul. The great joy, the great mystery, the crown ing pleasure of woman's life was here at last — she loved ! A step sounded at her side. She turn ed quickly, and a vivid crimson shot over her fail face as 'she met the eyes of the man whom she now knew she loved fixed tenderly upon her. Her heart gave a great bound, and her pubes quickened. ' Have I startled you ?' lie asked, gently, noticing her brilliant colour. ' A little,' she answered, but growing strangely calm again at the sound of his voice. ' Did you ever look upon a fairer scene ?' she went on, pointing with one white hand to the shining city beneath them. J ' It is very lovely, but I have looked upon a fairer scene,' he replied, in low, thrilling tones. 'Ah, yes, 1 forgot that you have been all over the world," she answered, not understanding him. He smiled that rare smile which she loved to sec. ' Do you remember when you knelt in the grapevine arch in the grounds of the 1'itti Palace ?' he asked, in almost a whis per. She looked up into his face again as he asked this, and knew then by her woman ly instinct what was coming, ' Yes,' she said, softly. 'Dearest Miss Vaughan, you were, the fairest sight that ever greeted my t'yes. By night and by day since then I have thought of you as you knelt there, un conscious of your loveliness, letting the foaming water dash over these little white hands.' He took them in his own strong clasp as lie spoke, and she did not withdraw them, but she was quivering with excite ment. ' Have I startled you ?' he asked again. ' IIow you arc trembling ! — see how un steady these dear hands' arc. I do not want to frighten you, but you know what I must tell you now. Sit down here and let us talk quietly.' I-Ic made a space for her upon the rocks, and as they sat down they were entirely concealed from observation by a row of shrubbery behind them. ' Miss Vaughan — Alicia,' Archibald Lenox went on, eagerly searching her flushed face, ' I little thought when I came her two months ago to work for my daily bread that I should find my fate. But I believe that when we met at the cascade by the grape-arbour that I began to love you. You took my heart by storm — this heart that has never loved until now, and you will always live there until I die ; there can be no room there for any other.' She sat there listening to his passion ate words, and they were very sweet to her. She did not even take her little hands from his strong clasp; she knew she was his, and jit seemed to her like a king coming to claim his own. ' Darling,' lie went on, 'I have nothing to offer you but an untarnished name, and the purest, deepest, tenderest love man ever offered to woman. I told you I have never loved before, and I can never love any other woman but you. Alicia, will you be my wife ?' She did not answer — she could not : she seemed to be blinded by this sudden dazzling gleam of sunlight. ' I do not mean just yet, deiir,' he con tinued, hastily, ' for I must acquire honors fitting to offer my peerless bride ; but will you give ine the promise, that I may have it to live upon, and to inspire me with courage which cannot fail to conquer all things lor you ?' Yet as he asked it some sad memory seemed to haunt him, and a shadow of pain swept over his noble face. ' Say, my own, does not your heart respond to my love,' he pleaded., 'I feared I had betrayed it before this,' she whispered, shyly, With a glad cry he gathered Iter into his arms, Dearest, no, else I should have conn- to you with more of hope. I feared you would not look with favour upon one so humble as myself.' 'Husli!' she said. 'Humility better , becomes me.' 1 ' - bent down and kissed the fair, flushed face, the sweet, dewy lips, and the white, drooping lids. ' And will you give me the pledge, the hope I seek ? You will be my wife, Alicia ? — my wife, to love me and help me while we both live ?'" 1 Yes ; and I. pray Heaven to make me worthy of your love, she answered solemnly, and turning her flower-like face to him, which the Icve-light within had made perfectly radiant. 1 le drew her close to him, and their lips met in a silent caiess. I hey sat there a long time quiet and happy in the first rapture of their great: joy. 1 wilight came on, and ere long the moon in its fount-, full glory came creeping up beneath them, flooding the fair earth, it seemed to them, with a softer, laircr light than ever before. J. hey sat (.here unmindful of the pass ing time until the sound of voices dis turbed them, and they rose just as the duke, accompanied by t wo or three others appeared in sight. ' Ha ! truant, we were looking for you,' lie said, gaily. ' The par'y have gone back to tile inn, and we are preparing to return. The duchess missed our bird of paradise,' and insisted on my coming to find her.' You find me in good hands do you not ?' whispered the happy girl archly, in his ear. 'That I do — only f cannot spare you no longer just now ;' andy-pinching her cheek, with a light laugh lie turned to wards the inn, leaving the young couple still by themselves. I lie lovers followed as in a dream, think ing only of their own happiness, who was too great just then for words. As they entered the inn and were about to join their o;vu party, a priest catne suddenly into the entrance hall from another room. In surprise she turned to see what had caused it. and found the two men transfixed, and staring at each other in utter amazement. Archibald Lenox's face was as white as the dead, while the priest after one long, wondering gaze into his countenance, turned his eyes upon the young girl, scrutinizing her closely ; then, muttering something to himself, lie passed out at the door and disappeared from view. ' Are you ill, Archibald ?' Alicia asked softly. It was the first time she had spoken his name, and it thrilled liini to the soul. ' No, dnrlin j,' he answered, the colour coming back to his face, and his eyes lighting again with love. ' Do you know that man ?' 1 No ; but I think I have seen him be fore, and the sight of him aroused un pleasant memories,' he replied little thinking how these words would tell against him in the future. ' He looked at mc as if lie thought I had no right le be with you,' she said thoughtfully. 'Did lie? Well, we could tell him that you have die right now and here after,' he answered smiling ; and with no thought of a shadow r'eyer darkening their young lives, they sought the gay companions who wer <| now ready to re turn to the city, b C II ALTER XIX. WHAT SHOULD SHE DO. The next morning found Archibald Lenox again at the duke's villa. He had been up since the earliest dawn work ing hard, that he might gain this hour with his bethrothed. I-Ic found her watching for him, and his fond eyes she seemed more beautiful than ever before. Her face glowed like some fair, bright flower, her eyes shone like stars as she went shyly forward to meet him when he enleicd. The hours have seemed long to mc, love,' he whispered, clasping her hand. The glad smile that trembled on her lips told him that site, too, was glad the waiting was over. The duchess was sitting at a little alcove at the farther end of the room. Archibald wen4- forward to her, leading his beloved. 'Your grace,' he said, bowing before her, 'I have something to tell you. I have won your treasure.' She looked up with a smile on her fair face, but before she could reply he went on : ' Do you think me rash— -presuming ? I fear I am, and I should never have dared to aspire to so much (had not Ins grace the duke given me both permission and encouragement. Will you give us your blessing also ?' The noble woman rose, and taking a hand of each, said, tremulously : ' We — my husband and I — believe in the union of hearts. We have no fault to find with you, Mr. Lenox, and if this dear child is happy, we are content.' Archibald Lenox raised the fair hand he held reverently to his lips, while Alicia, the bright drops gathering in her lovely eyes, bent forward and kissed her, whispering : My more than mother, Heaven bless you. ;. You arc happy, dear? the duchess asked, regarding her anxiously. Very happy, was the soft-spoken reply. No one can accuse her of being am bitious, your grace. I am proud to have won my bride thus,' said Mr. Lenox, with a look of fondest devotion at the lair girl. And our dear one looks as it she were proud to have been won thus, was her grace's smiling reply. 1 As she turned again to look at her \- " ' 1 I « K K . fj V.' JJ M. V) book, sl'e murmured to herself : ! She wili be happy with him — he is ! worthy of her. And so the days and weeks went on j with wings of happiness, Every shadow . was chased from Alicia's brow, and i a iived only in the bright, blissful present. Mr. Lenox spent the first hours ot every day hard at work in the great sculp tor's studio. -He was making such rapid pi ogress in his art that already orders were fast flowing in upon him, and he began to realize with a strange throb of exultation in his heart that it would not be so very long at this rate ere he would stand on a level with the proudest, and ( be .. ble to give his wife a position at winch none could curl the lip or sliru/ the shoulder. And I shall have .von it all for mv beautiful one with' these two hands. I would rather it should be so than to have had gold untold, houses, lands, or even a peerage to offer her, for Ij know she loves me for myself,' he would often murmur, widi the rare smile of his. Every evening found him by the side of his bctroilied, while all Florence ran/ with the news of their engagement. Many a fair one curled her dainty line- in scorn that a lady of birth like the duchess's neicc should stoop to wed a poor artist, even though they were com pelled to own the superiority of the man. while many a young peer who had as pired to win her for bis own would gladly have exchanged places with tha: me poor artist. One afternoon the lovers went for a ride in t he Cascinc, Mr. Lenox was mount ed upon his powerful black horse, while Alicia rode a beautiful bay. She was dressed in a dark-blue habit, trimmed very elaborately ; a smart little hat crowned her golden head, and her dainty hands were encased in while gauntlets. The day was perfect ; a soft breeze from the river just stirred the air, and as they rode slowly along the smooth gravelled road, beneath the beautiful shady trees, which with their interlaced branches made sylvan arches overhead, many a passer-by turned to take a second look at the striking couple so unconscious ol aught save their own great happiness. As they approached the royal dairy, near which a splendid 'band was discour sing sweet music, an elegant barouche, drawn by two grey horses, came in sight. Neither Alicia nor Mr. Lenox appeared to notice it until it was about passing them, when a little ciy from cue of its occupants attracted our heroine's attention, She glanced up, and in an instant it seemed as if every drop of blood in her body had turned to ice. The carriage was close beside her ; she could have put out her hand and touched the person who had uttered that cry. There were two ladies and a gentleman seated within. Only one face was .familiar to her — dark, bright, piquant. There it: was bent towards her, and glaring 'at her -with mingled astonishment and hatred — the i»ycs, black as coal, reading, searching, almost burn ing the face of the fair girl, who never forgot the look to her dying day. It was only for an instanlfor the carnage passed on ; hut- to one reading the expression upon those two faces it. would have seemed as if ihe hate and pain of a lifetime were concentrated in them — the one with hate, malice ,and envy depicted upon every feature,' the other with rigid despair and pain. Air. l.enox hadjnot been aware oijtliis strange- pantomime ; his attention had been attracted by the band. Neither had that occupant of the barouche appeared to notice him , all her powets had been centred in that long, st.iillvd malicious look at his betrothed. But now, as lie turned to speak to her, lie saw Iter reel in her saddle, her face so deat-nly white, her breath coming so fierce and heavily, that his own heart nearly stopped its healing from fear. His strong hand grasped her rein. Darling, what is it? he questioned, atixious- >y- His voice reassured her. She looked up into his face and saw at orice that he had not noticed the meeting, and, recovering her sell-possession, she re plied : Only a sudden dizziness ; but it has passed now. But he saw that' she was still very pale, although she sat firm in her saddle and strove to appeal herself. Are you sure you are able to go on ? Shall we not dismount and rest a while? No, no; let us go on, she said, nervousij, with «i startled, backward glance. I fear the faintness will return. No, Archibald. Do not worry ; it yvjS only a trifle. .1 will try not to make such a child of myself again ; and she tried bo smile brightly. He saw it was forced, and asked : Shidl we not return ? The duchess would never forgive me if anything happened to you. . Perhaps it would be as well. You know we go to the American consul's ball to- night, and I must take plenbly cf time to make my self presentable, she tuisweied, gaily. They turned their horses heads towards the mountain road, and it was well they did so, for that barouche was making a circuit of the grounds again, and the orders of that dark- eyed woman, who evidently desited another look at that blue-habited; queenly girl whom she so well knew. But she was doomed to be disappointed, for Alicia kept up a brisk canter all the way home, not only to put distance between her and that hateful face, hut to avoid the necessity of conversing with her lover. She could not talk with that fearful whirl in her brain, that agony at her 'heart, and the dark, evil face of that woman haunting her like a ghost's. What could she do ? Which, way turn to escape it? She could not stay longer in Florence if she were to remain-, there ; ye£ if she were to fly, she might follow her wherever she went. To be continued i . 