LITERATURE. ROUND THE WORLD WITH A SEPTUAGE- NARIAN. (MELBOURNE HEBALD.) In a handsomely got up and well illustrated volume, a respected Melbourne citizen records his impressions of a journey round the world in 1890. Though printed for private circulation only, if we may judge by the pleasure and profit derived from its perusal, the publishers, Messrs. Ford and r/Son> C a r l t o n; w i l l h a v e' many applications for copies. The well-known figure of Mr. W. levers, sen., is familiar to most Melbourne residents ; few, however, know that the staid old gentleman, who for forty years has gone out and in amongst us, had spent a stormy and adventurous youth in the British Navy, seeing service on many seas, meeting with adventures in many lands. To his naval experiences he added those of a pioneer in Canadian forests before finally settling down in Melbourne. Here by strenuous and unwearied industry, he has won for himself " to rust uoburnished, not to shioe in use;" so in 1890, accompanied by his son, the popular member of Carlton, the old gentleman started to explore new lauds and revisit old scenes. In a faithfully kept and unpretending j mrual of each day's experiencep, he recorded his impressions of men and manners, and he has now, in his " Fifty Years' After: or 0!d Scenes Revisited," given Ihepe permanent form. In a kindly and sympathetic preface, Mr. James Moloney, with admirable Jiterary tact, introduces his old friend, and rings np the curtain The journey itself, including visits to Egypt, Palestine, Italy, France, Great Britain, Ireland, Canada, and the United States, was a remarkable feat for one of Mr. levers' years. Still morj remarkable iB the personality revealed in its record. To the keenest susceptibility for all that attests material progress and prosperity, there is added that responsiveness to the storied and romantic past only possible for a wellcultivated mind. Dae note is taken of the benefits of British infiaence in Egypt, of the new life in regenerated Italy, of the social betterment of the working classes in England and Ireland, and of the social problems in course of solution in the New Woiid. But not less interesting are the passages which chronicle the emotions Btlrred by the Bights of Jerusalem, by the Jordan and other sacred scenes, by Pompeii, Rome, Scratford-on- Avon, Abboteford and other spots famed in story. Old age has come to the writer as "a lusty winter, frosty, but kindly," leaving an chilled the genuine catholicity of spirit which glows on every page, undeadened the simple, childlike piety, of which this unpretending record furnishes BO many proofs. We cull one or two extracts for the benefit of our readers. " We were nearing Colombo. Daring the night thsre was heavy rain and a thick fog ; 60 much so that the captain, for safety slowed the engines and kept blowing the f jghorn. A Jewish gentleman, who hails from Sandhurst, was woke up out' of his sleep by the horn blowing. Startled by the fearful noise, in the confusion, and only half awake, he took it into his head that the ship was being lost, and that it was the blowing of the horn which is to assemble all the Children of Israel in Palestine at the last day. This gentleman was greatly comforted on discovering his error, and said he was in no hurry to visit that countryBO long as be could help it. Possibly, cham pagne over night had something to do with his delusion. However, we have to thank him for a good laugh." " An amusing incident occurred at Co lombo. During our stay in Colombo we chartered several vehicles, each holding four persons, and made up a party to visit the suburbs, cinnamon groves, markets, and famous Brahma temple, aud also to explore the native town. Two or three miles out we came on a museum of very pretentious appearance; It was then 9 o'clock, and the doorkeeper said it would not open to anyone till ten, as the curator and other high officials bad not arrived. The morn ing was very hot, and we were all anxious to get under shelrer, so my son resolved to test the power of the Melbourne Corpora tion introduction, with its formidable gold seal and Town Clerk's letter, the official mind. It was enclosed a crimson morocco casa lettered in gold I, as the senior member of the company presented it to the door-keeper. He took it inside for a few .minutes, then the chief attendant, accompinind by other officials, appeared in person, bowing in the most courteous manner, and motioning to us and our friends to enter the building. I suspect he must have thought us very important personages, as our credentials were a perfect open sesame,' and in the most polite manner 1 he showed us all over the building. Relics of the past of every kind were here to be seen, both in their natural state and preserved—birds, beasts, fishes, gods and godesses, jewellery two thousand years old, armor of the quaintest kind. We thanked the janitor, and after the usual backsheesh to the attendants, bade him good-bye, mounted our carriages, the officials bowing low to the ground, and drove off." " What a mockery of human greatness and human vanity iBa walk through Pompeii, the silent city of the dead. There is one cursed section cf it that conveys an awful lesson to all moral thinking men, tbat special portion devoted to nameless vices, which, thank God, a large portion of the Christian world perfectly ignorant of. Such practices were degarding to our common human nature, but so debased and sunk in sensuality must these people have been that the common shame which usually accompanies these evil practices was aot unknown to them. In the various chambers where these unnatural orgies took place the walls are covered with filthy pictures in full detail, so well executed that after a lapse of eighteen hundred years many of the colors and figures are still perfect, and no one who sees them can fail to loathe those vile productions and their authors. No wonder, I think, that the earn* fate that befell the cursed cities of the Plain—Sodom aud Gomorrah—whose site we bad lately visited on the dead e a shore, befell them. I waB glad to observe tbat no females or youths are permitted to inspect these rooms ; a soldier goes with each party to see that the rule is complied with. As a wind-ap to the visit to Pompeii, we wint to the National Museum, and, as an object lesson, it has made an indelible impression on my mind. There exposed to view are all the appliances that make every-day life enjoyable ; those ancient people knew all about them, most things we eDjoy in our daily life are there, and as for the jewellery and articles in gold and silver, eet with precious ptones for female adornment, they are there iu profusion. Loaves of bread and confectionery found in the bakers' ovens are there perfect in form. The sight, too, of the poor bodies of men, women and children, just as they were found, some in apparent ago^y endeavoring to shield their faces from the burning lava, is sad indeed \ amongst them lie a poor woman and her daughter clasped to- J gether in the last mortal agony. Mr. levers found the New Rome of land booms and jerry-builders' triumphs not at all the Rome of his imagination. Ho had, however, no cause to complain of his receptloD. Among thfl high-placed dignitarieB of the Pontifical court he found some who cherished most kindly memories of Melbourne. So for the sake of old times difficulties were smoothed away, etiquette had to relax it rules, and by special - favor our author and a party of his fellow travellers had audience of his Holiness the Pope. " At a quarter to twelve our party set out in three carriages forthe palace of the Vatican, and were met at the foot of the grand staircase of white marble by the S wiss Guard, a fine-lo okiog set of men in ^semiarmor and fifteenth century dress, armed with long, formidable looking pike and short sword, the dreBB quaint, but soldierlike. We mounted these beautiful stairs leading to the private apartments of the Pope, and were soon in the midst of evidently the holiest, the fairest, and the bravest in the land. Soon we found ourselves in the large apartment adjoining the Grand State Room, in which his Holiness receives his visitors, and after our letter of admission was ' viseed ' by officials of most solemn appearance, we were introduced into the reception room, - an apartment of most gorgeous and splendid appearance, with a rich, ancient-looking tapestry pourtraying Scripture and historic subjects. A raised velvet divan laa all round the room, the centre being altogether unoccupied. Among the grand officials that we met before entering the reception room I recognised Monsignor O'BrieD, a dignitary whom I remembered as a guest at the house of our respected priest in Carlton, the Rev. Father O'Connell. Monsignor seemed to be a leading personage here, and spoke most kindly to us. In the grand reception room we found a crowd of ecclesiastics, ladies, gentlemen, all seated, and evidently of exalted rank, judging from the attention paid to them by the household prelates and officers of the court. After a short delay a slight buzz was heard, and at the far corner through a doorway appeared his Holiness surrounded by numerous attendants, cardinals and bishops. All at once fell on their knees, and the Pope, who was dressed plainly in white fUnne), or very light cloth, with crimson skull cap and crosses on his white shoes, very thin, slightly bent with years, but of a most amiable appearance, commenced to progress slowly round with a kind word or other expression to every one, signing most of them with the sign of the cross on their forehead. Of our company Willie and I wer^ farthest from him. I caught the words ' Australia,' ' Protestant/ uttered by the grand secretary. When he was in front of oar company he seemed pleased, and elevated himself when addressing our non-C itholicfellow-tourists,speaking a kind word to each lady and gentleman. When he reached us, I, being nearest, he paused. The Cardinal said, 'Catholic, father and son.' He spoke in Italian, and the Holy Fat her laid his hand on myhead. IaBkedhis blesfing for self and family, which he imparted to me most solemnly, and gave' me his ring to kiss, which I did in the most reverent manner. He passed on to Willie, who was evidently much affected, and dealt with him much as he had done with ms. Many of the visitors had quantities of beads and relics to receive the Apostolic benediction with themselves. When the Pope had gone quite round to the place wbotice he started, he suddenly advanced unattended, and alone into the centre of the room, all assembled being on their knees, and elevating himself to his fulleBt height he threw his hands right over his head and said that we were all the children of God, one common Father, aud as such he "blessed us. He then' diopped his left hand, and Bigning the croB* in the air over us all, Imparted : to ua and our families the Apostolic benediction in name of the Father, the San aud the Holy Ghost. At this moment the scene was most awe-inspiring, several ladies aud gentlemen sobbing loudly, and all deeply impressed • with the solemn scene. His Holiness then took his departure, and we went 4>»ck to our hotel highly pleased and edified." Gladly would we follow Mr. levers to England, Scotland, Ireland and America. The interest of'his volume rises, etpp by step as he treadB familiar ground, and notes' tha results of 50 years of change. There is much that is new and. suggestive in his pictures of the homelands, but our space compels us to part from him. - There is both pleasuro and profit io be detived fromthe perusal of his delightful volume, 