THE ENTHRONEMENT OF DR. EENNION. [From pur Special Correspondent.] _ London. November s. 1S.Q4. The Dean and Chapter of Wells having kindly intimated through their elerk (Mr. Richard Harris) that a place would be found for your correspondent "in the Cathedral on Tuesday, should he wish to witness Dr. Reunion's enthronement, I left town by the 9 a.m. Western exprees from Waterloo on that day. Rain was then pouring down in torrents in London, and as we tore south westwards through the sodden and mist-laden country the prospect was ineffably: dreary.' Fortunately, towards noon the weather lifted a bit, and by the j time : we reached Wells things were almost tolerable. It was immediately apparent on arrival that this usually staid cathedral city was en fete.: " Blackeoats" in abundance, with their women folk in the gayeat of apparel, paraded the streets, and over all there was an air of serious excitement and exhilaration. 1 bad. just time to make my way to a confectioner's and par- / take of a veal pie of dubious ingredients and a glass of the fiery sherry peculiar to such places, when the cathedral. clock struck 2, and I -.hurried off to the sacred fane. There' was a great crowd within the precincts, •, but thanks ' to my pass I got swiftly' to a seat commanding a fine view of both nave and choir, Wells is, I should say, not one of our most notable cathedral churches, but with eyery nook and cranny crowded to excess as on Tuesday the scene was highly impressive. Quite-6,0(J0 lay folks and 500 surpliced olergy must have been present I was told. Amongst the early' arrivals were two octogenarian arohdeacons, and at five minutes past the hour Bishop Bromby andBishop Hobhouse entered the ohoir, prooeeded to the altar, and took their seats in tbe sedilia. A few minutes later the magnificent organ broke into triumphant strains, and the choir entered jubilantly singing the " Te Deum." They stopped at the words "the comforter," and a voluntary was played whilst a long string of west country mayors, corpo rations, and clergy filed into the choir. . Then Mr. Dean appeared at the west door, sup ported by prebendaries, archdeaoons, canons, residentiary jdeans, verger, &c.; He. was fol lowed by the Bishop's procession, consisting of parochial olergy, rural deans, the chanoellor of the diocese, the bishop's apparitor, the bishop's chaplain (with pastoral staff), the Bishop him self, and finally the Archdeacon of Canterbury, representing the Archbishop. Dr. Kennioh looks (as I have before observed) every inch a bishop. His mien was a judicious blend of dignified repose and priestly benevolence. Mi. Dean greeted his lordship with solemn affability, but what he said we couldn't hear. ' He took his new chief by the hand, however, ' and led him up to a relio of antiquity called " the foldstopl," upon whioh the Bishop knelt awhile in silent prayer. When the Bishop rose the singingof the"Te Deum" was resumed at the words, "Thou art the King," and was continued to the word3, " in glory everlasting," the procession moving . in the direction of the choir. When the Bishop and Dean reached Bishop Bubwith's Chantry the procession again' halted. The oath was -administered to the Bishop by the Dean in the ohantry, After the Bishop and Dean were seated, with the chapter clerk in attendance, the Bishop addressed the Dean thus:—"I pray that I may be duly inducted, installed, and enr : throned into my bishopric, and I offer myself '■ as ready and willing to take any oath lawful - and honest and by law and custom in that.. behalf used." The Dean then said We are willing'thak" you be so induoted, installed, and enthroned, : first requiring of yon the oath lawful and ens-' tomary to be taken on suoh occasion." The Dean, holding the Hew Testament in hiajband, administered the oath, both he and the bishop standing meanwhile. The Bishop kissed the Testament, and said—"As I shall answer the " same to Almighty God I do promise." On the return of the Bishop and Dean from the chantry the singing was .resumed at the words, "0 Lord, save;" the procession moving into the ohoir to their several stalls " and Beats. The Arohdeacon of Canterbury and the Dean conducted the Bishop to the altar, the Bishop taking the north side, and the Archdeacon of Canterbury the south, the Dean sitting in the sedilia. When the "Te Deum" was ended, and the congrega tion seated, the Bishop, turning to the congre gation, said, "Brethren, pray for us;" and again knelt in silent prayer. The Bishop rising was then conducted by the Dean and the Archdeacon of Canterbury to the steps of his throne, and was enthroned by." the Archdeacon of Canterbury, who said—"1, George Rodney Eden, Dootor of Divinity, Archdeacon of Canterbury, do induct, install, and enthrone yon, the Right Reverend Father in God, George Wyndham Kenniop, Dootor. of Divinity, in the stall, ohair, or throne, to the Bishopric of Bath and Wells in this Cathedral Church- usually assigned, and into the real, actual, and corporal possession of the Baid BiHhoprio and Cathedral Church of Wells with all its rights, dignities, honors, privileges, and appurtenances whatsoever, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." _ Evensong followed, tbe anthem being Mendelssohn's "How lovely are_the messen gers," and the Bishop pronouncing the bene diction. Another short Bervioe in Latin, and then the processions reformed and made for tbe palace. Immediately hl3 Lordship entered the erypt of the palace the Chancellor of the'Diocese (Mr. T. E. Rogers) shook hands with him and congratulated him upon his appointment. The remainder of the prooeBsion then entered the room, and having taken up their positions," the Dean introduced the " mayors of the two most renowned cities in England—Bath and Wells." [N.B.—For telling "a whopper" like this Dean Jex Blake would in the old days at Rugby have given a boy 1,000 line's.] He also presented the mayors of Glastonbury, Yeovil, Bridgwater, Taunton, and many other notables to his lordship. The mayor and aldermen of Welis : then begged the Bishop to receive an address.. In his reply Dr. Reunion eaid—"I warmly appreoiate the referenoe you have made to my ■ sojourn in one of England's great colonies. There the municipal officers are highly valued and a warm interest taken in them by the in habitants of all incorporated towns. I hope that the happy relationship which existed between. the mayors and corporations in , the cities in South Australia will be augury of the condition of things which may exist here. On behalf of Mrs. Reunion and myself I beg to thank you." About this time I had to fly to catch the 5 express baok to town, which was reached at 9. The Wesleyan Methodists of Somerset shire have presented an address of welcome to the new Bishop of Bath and Wells. He does not, they opine, agree with the parish clerk, who grounded his belief that all Non conformists were bound for burning on tbe phrase in the Apostles' creed which, eaid he, ran, " and he dissented into hell." 