KENNEL GOSSIP. » Bv Plinlimmon. The recent death of Mr, A. E. Sprague'a St, Bernard puppy Bowsprit V., through distemper, said to have been contracted at the last Mel bourne show, has onoe more drawn attention to this subjaot, and it le probable tbat some sug gestions will be mado to the committee with reference to the treatment of puppies on their reception in the show. Some breeders are of opinion that four days is too long for puppies to remain on tho benohes. This idea will probably be met with tho statement thnt any exhibitor is at liberty to remove bis puppies enoh night of tho show and to return them tho following morning, but to somo porsona it will appear that, instead of decreasing the risk by removing the animals from a warm building and subjecting thorn to what may possibly be a severe change of temperature, a contrary result might follow. The suggestion of only having the puppies on the benchos for two days is hardly feasible, be- causo it would not only detract from tho appearanco of tho show on the first two days, but would also neoeasitoto two days for judg ing, delay the issuing of official awards in tho catalogues, and perhaps cause other complica tions. One precaution which certainly should be taken is to afford facilities for closer super vision of all dogs on arrival, as well as during their stay on the benches. Tho first thing neoessnry to accomplish this work would'be to inorcase the number of hou. veterinary sur geons. Professor Kendall has for years had this work to perform totally unassisted, with tho exception of ooo occasion when ho bad a steward to attond on him. When the show was in its infancy the work was not too muoh for one professional man, but now that 700 or 800 dogs have to be examined, it must bo apparent that the task is of too arduous a nature to ask any offioor— honorary or otherwise— to perform. When it is realised that in tho last show thero were no less than 23 dogs removed from the building through suffering from various ail ments, no one will deny that the most atringont supervision is osHontial. Somo years since it was proposed to have a seooud hon. veterinary surgeon, but tho rulos stood in the way. A sug gestion was then made that tho rules should be altered before tho next nkow, but the rules appoar to bo as unalterablo as somo we read of in ancient history. If a few of the office bearers' puppies would dio of dutomper, possibly something might be done. If the oommittoo in its wisdom would oon&ulfc; Professor Kendall ho might suggest some bettor methods of improvo- mout in the way of inspection than are apparent to the lav mind, and ho cortainly Is the right poreon to bo consulted. I have a recollection that some yeare since Professor Kendall volun teered some euggcstionB, which have not yet brought forth fruit. Ho might perhaps be induced to lay his views bofore a mooting of members if be were invited to do &o.; A oortain soribo recently took occasion to sneer at two Collie puppies which took prizos at the lata Hobart show, not becauso he had aeon the puppies and they did not meat with his approval, but eimply because they were by the imported dog Ajax, an animal whioh he has never forgiven becauso he (the scribo) once mis took him— notwithstanding that he knew tlio dog's name — for a bitoh aud dasoribed him as suob, tho ridicule lie had to submit to causing him to try and revengo himself on the dog. This is how he delivered himself in connection with the puppies at Qobart u Woudors will never oeaso. E. O. Mills won tho two sscouds at Hobart with Tasmaniau Pride by Ajax, and W. H. Ward actually scored third with Boy, by Ajax, Groat Creaar's ghost !" But on this occasion he reokoncd without his hoBt, as on receiving a rather warm letter from a son of the owner of one of tho puppios, who did not soo why his father's dog should bo disparaged to suit the spleen of the soribe, the latter has eaten the most humblo pio, offering not only to make tho most nmplo amends, bub even to illustrato ono of the puppios in his journal free of obarge. If Ajax could read, ho would probably think this is adding insult to injury. Sinco writing tho above I havo Been thegontleman who judged the Collies, and he states that Tasmaniau Pride is & very handuomo PuPl>y« &nd; had he been in bettor condition would have ran the winner very olosoly. As the latter was first in his olosa at the late Melbourno show, it is evident it a valuable dog might have boen ffiiuedtTnWof potty spite, that is, if any one toJk T t,lrow8 of tlio scribe's remarks. y notice The following genfcliracn have conBA»f.i i nmiMn.Him.jMr. E. Worrincr. 'spi.u "m" J. 0. Anderson, St. Bernards j ilr.lj c k„Mr' Collies and other classes. Coupe, Mr. A. E. Spreguo'a St. Bernard BowsnrifeV by Champion Cnp.tan-Lady Juno X .d first and two spooiali in tho last M» show, lias had to ha dc.troyed tliro,?.Ktne moorabl. attack of distomperia severe i0s.u ' his owner and the fancy. 0!' to It may be recolleoted thnt Mr. F. rinmi. . Bull bitch Mischief II." which fafZ !®V tlio Melbouino show, whelpod alitter of nunhif prematurely during tho progress of thS «?, Mr Dombrain informs moVatTll but am dead, a very promising dog puppy. As he is UimuIt,;,OrcBr,'0QlV''h0 'h0,®b» ofiS A young Scottish Terrier bitch belonging to D- wna recently lost from tl,« Killara Estate, and as sho was freely advertised for, all hopes of her recovery were deemed futile. After the expiration of five davs howovor, somo of tho employis heard a doe whining among some grass tussocks surrounded by a largo sheet of water causod by verv heavy rains, from whioh she was shortly afler wards released, and though, of course, in , low condition, has since recovered. It has been docidcd by the committee of the Southern Fox Terrior Club that an accurate description of all produce litters must be sent to tho secretary of the club, together with the date of birth. Any omiesion to do this will rondor the litter ineligible to oompoto. Such description (exact marking, to be givenlmust b. reported within three months of date of birth Tho committeo have arranged to hold the first Prodnce Stakes at the Brighton Horticultural Society's Show, opening at Brighton on 2nd No- vember. Entries for Produce Stakes must bo made direot to tho hon. secretary of tho Southorn Fox Terrier Club. Entries for these stakos close definitely on Saturday, 20th October. A special general meeting of the club is to be held on tho 12th October, at the Victorian Poultry and Dog Sooiety's rooms j tho annual gcnoral mooting to bo held after-, words. Mossrs. IV. L. ltac, A. S. M'Miehael and IV. J. Smyth have been appointed judges in tlio dag classes at Bundigo show. Mr. J. Morris has sold his BIsck and Tan Terrier dog Stamford Major, by Champion Sir Burke— Stamford Dinah, to Mr. Orames, of Kyneton.. Mr. J. Vail has sold a Collie bitch puppy by Abtrfeldlo Hero— Poggylilia to Mr. E, J, Walterr. Mr. J. Morris's Blaok and Ton Terrier bitch Stamford Dinah lias boon on a visit to his dog Champion Stamford Jack. Mr. C. Lynott's Collio hitch Champion \Volleshourno Boyalty has wholped fire puppies — four dogs and one bitoh — to his dog Champion Laird of Sherubourne. 