NEWS OF THE DAY. The Ovens Shire Council recommends a considerable increase of th stock tax. An association has been formed at Sale for the promotion of the growth of sugar beet. A branch of the Triple Reform League was formed on Thursday night at Stratford. The Federal Bank in South Australia, now in liquidation, will pay, it is estimated, 19s 7id in the ponnd, - The New Sooth VYales Parliament will probably be prorogued on Monday next, at noon. The address in reply will be presented to his Excellency the Governor on Thursday next. A letter has arrived from Germany, ad dressed to " The richest man in Mel bourne.” The Tambo River in Gippslnnd is flooded, and coach 'traffic beyond Brnthen is sus pended. News from Fiji states that on the 20th May several shucks of earthquake were felt at Levuka. ' Four natives who were to be executed for the murder of a son of Malietoa have died since of consumption. The Premier visited his constituents on Thursday, and was officially congratulated on the honor conferred upon linn by her Majesty. The Earl of Hopetonn will, it is said, positively leave Victoria in April next, as matters connected with bis estates require personal ettention. The earnings of Jibe Queensland railways for the month of May show a net decrease of £3400 as compared with May in the previous year. M. Haffkine, of the Pastenr Institute, claims to have met with remarkable success in inoculating Indian coolies with vaccine for the prevention of cholera, Mr T. Burgnynn has given notice of motion in the South Australian Parliament far a redaction of the salaries of Ministers of the Crown from £lOOO to £6OO a year. The Queensland Executive have decided to commute the sentences of death passed on the aboriginals Fred Dingo aud Jimmy, who were convicted of murder. A girl named Grace Simpson, on a visit to Cunninghams from Sale, on Thursday fell into the water from the pier, and was car ried out to sea aud drowned. The Excise Department has made another raid npon sly-grog sellers at Mildura. In most instances two charges have been laid, as fines of £25 do not prove deterrent. After a life of nearly eight years, the Vegetable Products Commission—known as “ the perpetual Commission ” —is about to give up the ghost, and band in its final report. The New South Wales Legislative Coun cil has by a majority of 13 votes to 6 re jected the Glen Lines to Inverell Railway Bill at its second reading. A conference of New South Wales dairy farmers resolved to ask the F. aud O. and Orient Companies to set apart space for 1000 tons of butter, instead of 2500. Owing to the recent heavy rains in Gipps land, the Morwell River overflowed its banks, and the Yinnar Sawmills, owned by Mr Edney, are under water. The Deputy Postmaster-General is con sidering a request preferred by the Stock Exchange of Mebourne for the earlier de livery of the first mails from Ballarat and 1 Bendigo. Late on Wednesday night Samuel M’Allia ter, u surface worker on the Proprietary mine, Broken bill, committed suicide by cutting his throat with a razor. He had been drinking heavily. It is reported that Mr Derrington, a lecturer of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, lias, by means of the divining rod, found a very rich Inde of tin in the neigh borhood of Green Ponds, Tasmania, The Warragul Shire Council has suggested for the consideration of the Gippsland MunL oipal Association, amongst other things, the levying of a tax on the unimproved value of land and a general readjustment of the pre sent system of municipal rating. The South Australian Government intend to ask Parliament to amend the constitution by' the extension to women of the franchise for both Houses of Parliament, subject only to’ the conditions on which it is enjoyed by men. For the first five months of this year there has been a contraction in the value of ex ports from the port of Sydney when com pared with the same period of last year of £423,869. and a contraction in the imports of £164,284. A man named Bernard Carney, who was only recently sent up by the Mines Depart ment to prospect for gold, fell down an abandoned shaft in the vicinity of the Biirnsdalc irrigation weir on Thursday and was killed. He leaves a widow ami family. Although several small drafts of men nut of wmk are being sent out in Now Zea land in various directions to employment of a reproductive character under the co operative system, the unemployed market la still, it is stated, vasily overstocked. Shipments of very fine Queensland oranges are now being placed on the Melbourne market, and it is probable that in future Sydney and Lisbon growers, who have largely supplied this particular fiuit, will find very keen competition in the trade. A young man named Alfred Hamley, while driving with two companions from Bullen garook to Sunbnry in a cart, was thrown on*, and sustaining fr»cture of the base of his skall died within a few minntee after the aacident. The members of a family named Meyers, at G"r.lburii (N.S. W.), have recovered from sMychnine poisoning caused by eating some scones. It is thought the poison got in to either the flour or the milk used in baking through attempts to poison the watchdog, « hich died from the effects of strychnine on Thursday’. Dr Tucker, Anglican Bishop of Mom bsesa, expresses the belief that the march of events will soon compel the co'nstrnction of n railway from the Indian Ocean coast to Uganda, as it will be an effectual means of restraining the slave traders in Central Africa, and will secure the eafety of the British stations on Lake Victoria Nyanzo, It has been demonstrated beyond ail possi bility of doubt that the experiment of hav ing women as mayors is a tinge failure. Mrs Yates’ proceedings in the mayoral chair of Onehunga have become a laughing stock, and it will be a good thing when her term of office comes to an end.—Thus writes the New Zealand correspondent of the Age, Speaking of tiie Mow Zealand Parliament, the Age correspondent says :—“ Wo have lost some of onr best public men—men of high personal honor, legislative capacity, and scholarly attainments. Men got in upon some little side iseue or another. Good men were ssciificed because they felt they could not support the immoderate demands of the prohibitionists, and religion proved a stumb ling block to many very eligible candidates who presented themselves for election.” "It’s true enough to shake (mode with the devil when you meet him,” i- Sir James Patterson’s way of regarding Sir George Dibbh’ threat to impose river tolls on the Murray. “When the time comes to deal with the question,” says Sir James, “ the Goveroment will he prepared to negotiate' with Sir George Dibbs.” The Treasurer, however, thinks that if any steps could be taken to remove the present strained rela tionship the Victmian Government would ni -ke the first move. The circumstance that steamers continue to arrive in Sydney from New Zealand ciO’-vded with passengers, many of whom come in Imps of finding work, is (says the Sydney Herald) one of much significance. If them is one colony, above all- others which, according to political doctrines much’ favored in some quarters, ought to hold its own population and to attract immigrants from- nntoide, surely it is the colony of New Zealand. That fortunate country enj iys the advantage of possessing as realised facts many of the projects if universal beneficence which in nth r countries exist only as rad : cnt ideale. Many political nostrums which, however,' they may conflict among themselves, agree in equally sharing the characteristic of sn fa’hbdity are in force and active operation in New Zealand. It has protection ranging up t. 25 per cent., a land lax, labor legislation, " roan suffrage, labor representatives in ita Upper House, 