ORIGINAL NOVEL. ————:o:———— (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) CURLEW —————OR————— In Days Gone By. ———— o ———— BY HAROLD BREES. Author of ' COLONIAL SOCIETY' 'RU- RAL NOTES,' &c.; CHAPTER VI. (CONTINUED.) ................. as he rode in what manner he .................commence, he thought of the ...... and the assistance a tracker would be to him if he could only get one to return ............. mount Macedon. The plan was decided upon very quickly , .............. have a much better fellow than Bora Bora; therefore, he would endeavour .............. him away, and locate him some- : .............. the cave. * * * * * * * * 'Very good Ben,' Brown replied. 'You take the missus with you, and I'll meet you with Bora Bora, at any place you name. ............................................... going to ........................ said Curlew. 'I will try to ........................ the seventh day at the ant hills, ............................ you know the place. I may ................................bring Hector with you,' ................. the place,' Brown said , ' just a ...............from here ; bring some grog with ....................I am very short of it just now.' ................-morrow I start,' Curlew said. We'll strike an early camp. Th.. ... two men conversed about them- selves during the remainder of their ride homewards. Arriv..g at the cottage, the lady was perceived amidst the springing flowers. Brown was not addicted to ruminating on how things happened, but now wondered, ............................it was that the lady ever ............ Curlew. There was a mystery, he ................. it out, though perhaps not immediately. How could she live here, ........... and removed from her friends ? One who apparently had never before known the rough life of a bush resident. There was ........................... in her manner. He had known Rudolph Everard for years, and the only man who knew that Rudolph and Curlew were the same person. Early the following morning, even before the sun had risen everyone was busy, feeding horses, and arranging parcels on a pack saddle. The fire was stirred, and a warm cup of tea with a tempting breakfast awaited the workers. Mrs. Everard appeared in the best spirits, freely talking with the blackfellows, who had been faithful servants to her. She walked round the cottage, as she said, to have a last look at the dear old place, and gather a few flowers, by which time the others would be ready for a start. Curlew assisted his wife into the saddle, and mounted another horse himself, while Brown gave directions to the men, and then rode away leading a packhorse. They rode for several hours, when the sun's rays denoted time for a rest, and the party were feeling the effects of the ride in an increasing appetite. It was decided to dismount to have lunch. The horses were tethered to trees to insure their being caught. when wanted. The party fini.hed their meal, and pre- pared to continue the journey ; Curlew now led the pack horse, and Brown said ' Good bye,' riding back in the direction of the cottage. CHAPTER VII. —————— A BLACK TRACKER. 'By jove, Curlew, we thought you had given us brusher ; it's over a month you've been away ; I suppose you had a pretty good time of it, for I see you've a new rig out, Douglass said, with a laugh, as they were sitting at dinner in the cave. Curlew returned the previous evening, but had not met Douglass until dinner time 'Yes, Bill,' he replied, ' I have been doing the dandy and no mistake; it was a rough time dogging my way into Melbourne. I heard enough about the gang, to swing the lot of us ; but there, a lot of business was placed to our credit that we never handled ' Warren and the other men joined in the conversation, and the party commenced to fill pipes and settle down, some of the men lying down, while others mended harness or did other jobs connected with camp life. 'Oh! I am fly,' Curlew said. 'There's none on this side will ever run me to a hollow log; why, I was with the troopers; blame them, they little knew what bird was pecking at their very vitals.' ' How about the long sergeant ?' Douglass asked, ' our old friend, I forget his name ; he thinks to yard all of us ; my word, when, eh! Tom?' 'You mean Sergeant Pagan? No, I did not see him ; he's running down ghosts from the Burnt yards. By the hookey, that was a red letter day ; we won't forget it either. How the pop guns gave lip, and didn't the chinkies stump up? Yes, my word, and down too, never to rise again ! ' 'Poor wretches! It was a mean trick for us to do,' Douglass said. 'It stands as the blackest spot on our history. No pater- nosters can ever wash it away. We were then picaninny colts, but my word, wasn't it a great haul?' I often think Pagan knew more about us than he pretended. He's not a bad sort; why, don't you remember that he spotted us at Murphy's?' Warren said. 'And didn't he get nicely bluffed,' Curlew remarked, 'when Murphy put him away?' ' I can't make out what you've been doing,' Douglass said:' 'You're so ducced cunning, Curlew, you hop about so, my word, like your namesake By jingo, I did have to hop about, pretty quick too sometimes,' Curlew said, 'When once I am on the track, I can trundle away. I went to see an old pal, and with him went to Geelong and Melbourne ; had a flutter round, always keeping a look out on the off side, and all round too, until we bottomed a shicer. The town wouldn't hold us, so I just got Hector under me, and here I am, ready to conquer or fly; but something must be done soon.' 'As to doing something,' Douglass re- joined, ' we shall be in the thick of it directly. I heard yesterday that a heavy mob are going down in the mail with several thousands, and it's my intention to find out which day they start.' ' I suppose neither of you fellows would care to come over to Murphy's this after- noon,' Curlew enquired. 'If you wish to go',' Douglass said, ' ask about any news from the diggings. Curlew had risen taking a bridle in his. hand, and he went to the flat for his horse. 'I shall be back to night, if nothing detains me.' he said after he had mounted. 'When will you be at Murphy's Bill ?' 'It all depends upon the news you bring,' Douglass said. 'I won't leave here before you return.' 'Well, so long, mates,' was Curlew's farewell, as he disappeared in the scrub. He rode along until he struck the main road. Intending to proceed towards the Five Mile Creek he turned through the bush, taking a direct course to the ranges of Mount Macedon that appeared to be a confused mass of impenetrable ranges. Curlew had ridden for a couple of hours, most of the time at a stockman's crack gallop, leaping creeks fallen trunks of trees, and every obstacle in his course, nothing checking the speed of his horse, or shaking the nerves of the wary bushranger. But at last he was compelled to ease down the pace, and go slow; the spurs were be- coming rather too steep for fast work, and Curlew was afraid of overtaxing the powers of his favorite Hector. He soon turned into a bolt of thick ti tree scrub, so closely packed, as to prevent the free move- ments of his horse. Still riding onwards for a short distance he arrived at a part of the range having an overhanging rock, where he pulled up. Under the rock, Bora Bora and a lubra were standing. 'Budgerey, you master Rudolph,' the blackfellow said. 'Plenty patter you feller, along a big feller mate.' 'Hullo, Bora Bora, and you Eowani ; how things ? plenty tucker?' Curlew said. ' My word, master Rudolph,' he answered, ' plenty possum 'bout, plenty water, but me got no bacca for Eowani.' 'That's all right, Bora Bora,' Curlew. answered ; ' here's bacca, and a tot of rum as well, taking a flask from his pocket and a few plugs of tobacco. Curlew divided the latter between the blackfellow and his lubra, and taking a pannikin from before the fire poured out a nobbler from the flask which he drank ; then giving each of the blacks a nobbler, which; they swallowed at a draught. Fastening the bridle to a sapling, he bent under the rock that formed a snug cave reaching back some distance. The blacks followed him, and all sat down the former cutting the tobacco for a smoke. When Bora Bora had lighted his pipe, Curlew thought it a most opportune time to. make inquiries how the blacks had been occupied during the last week, and also to ascertain if they had obeyed his instructions. 'Well, Bora Bora,' he said, 'you bin up long road ? up long, me tell you.' ' Yes, Master Rudolph,' the black replied. Me git 'im long road, too late in day ; me see yarraman tracks ; me try track to see where go, you y abba me.' 'You try 'em strange tracks,' Curlew said. 'Me plenty make haste, plenty big walk ; gin and Bora Bora camp down ; gin get 'im bandicoot; next day get along on yarraman tracks, by 'im by, Eowani smell 'im.' 'What,' Curlew said, 'dead men, eh Bora?' ' My word Master Rudolph ; Eowani pull 'im bout branches ; go bung bout gully; by 'im by, me dig with paddy melon stick, an my word sure enough white feller go bung — Iong a blankets.' This was said by Bora Bora, with a great amount of gesticulation, grimaces and mimicry. Eowani joining in to explain the words to his spouse. ' By jove, a murder, I'll bet,' Curlew said . 'How many white feller ?.' The black fellow counted three on his fingers. 'Ball, nullah nullah; plenty picaninny bullet, long 'im bingy,' he said. 'Good heavens,' Curlew exclaimed, 'three men shot in the body ; how far away from this camp?' Bora Bora pointing in the direction of the place, explained that it was about one day's walk. Many enquiries produced further infor- mation, when he considered it was time for him to return to the bushrangers' cave, agreeing to be again with the blacks in a few days, when he would go with them to the place. Mounting his horse, he rode quickly through the scrub, and then flew down the gullies to the flat land. Still keeping at a hard gallop he arrived at the road, which took him to the Five Mile Creek, arriving at Murphy's before dark. Curlew surveyed the approach to the hotel before he entered, lest the troopers should be hovering about. He heard from Murphy that some luckey diggers at Forest Greek, intended giving a dinner to their friends, prior to proceeding to Melbourne, but which would not take place for a few days. It was reported that the diggers would take the coach, and most probably carry a large sum of gold with them, thinking that the bushrangers had gone from the district. Curlew, during the evening could not keep his thoughts from dwelling upon the story told by Bora Bora. He wondered who did it ; could it be the action of any of the gang? Certainly, he never heard of the affair ; neither had he the slightest notion as to who committed the act. After carefully considering the words of the blackfellow he felt he must for the present exonerate his mates. But then , who had committed the deed ; and, for what purpose, and how long ago? These queries must be answered. * * * * * * * * * * When Curlew, parted company with Bora Bora, an arrangement was agreed upon to meet him on a certain date, which was sub- sequently fulfilled. Curlew arrived with his wife in Melbourne ; after seeing her comfortably settled he left her sufficient money to meet expenses for several months, and again returned to the bush. He met Brown and Bora Bora at the ant hills. He dismounted at the rendezvous camp about an hour before the sun had set giving ample time to build a mi-mi, and gather up the wood for a fire during the night. Uphn the following day, the sun had risen above the topmost foliage of the majestic black butt trees, when Curlew s patience began to be exhausted ; he turned to look in the direction of his cottage home, having fancied that he heard the distant sound of approaching horses descending the mountain side. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 