METHODIST FREE CHURCH, UtTOLE CIRCUIT. (Published by tbe request of the Preachers' Meeting.) The quarterly Preachers' Meeting was held in Seville Church on Monday evening, let inst. There was a good attendance to listen to an address given by the Rev. K Turner on " Hints on Public Speaking. Mr Turner said that as their meeting was a business one. there was little time left for the discussion of each an important subject. However, he would only give some hints on public speaking, and. happily for him, the intelligence of the brethren present needed no more, as they would soon see the drift of his remarks. Language was peculiar to mankind, though we eat and sleep, work and rest like animals, yet we are mentally and morally distinct from them. As Yonng says, Their little all flow* ill at ones In ages th. y no more can know or do Or suffer or eujoy. * He would not at present refer to the importance of culture, nor the advantages of a well trained intellect, but would take for granted that all believed that intelligent thinking mu-t ever precede thoughtful speaking, and also that clearness of thinking will ever generate clearness of expression, and make language, which is the speaker's tool, as sharp as a two edged sword, and which is as needful to him as the canvas is to the artist, and marble to the sculptor; hcuce a public speaker must study at least his native language, and acquaint himself with the meaning of words. AU men have the germs of public speaking in them, except the deaf and dumb. Of course, there cannot be uniformity of oratorical achievements. as some men la this Hjge have been specially gifted, such as Vincent, Spurgeon, Parker. Beecher, and others that have won oratorical distinction. The parable of talents teach the diversity of gifts, and the parable of the pounds, the success oi industry, and that patient labor brings its own reward, which is seen in the life of John B-ight. who paved his way t distinction without designing it himself, and ifiany more h ive done the same. There is a false humility abroad that is exerting an injurious influence, and making examples dangerous. Tbe cry that we have no gifts, in many instances, is simply a cloak to cover idleness. We know some people that nevei give their tongues any rest; they gossip from morning until evening, and yet have the awful audicity to assert that they have no talking power. Some refuse to exercise their gifts in public speaking because they cannot realise their ideal of a preacher without practice: they live in a dreamy land where even the germs die for want of their environment. Some are debarred from public speaking because they are so sensitive that they cannot endure the keen criticism which every public speaker is subjected too, more or less. Of course, every line of usefulness has its joys and its bitters. We must have some acquaintance with grammar and logic : the former will teach us to speak correctly, and the latter to reason correctly, and both are very important in public speaking. Happily our children are being fairly educated in this colony, and taught in our State schools how to speak correctly. §rammar forms a part of our children's mental discipline, and they can easily detect when the simplest rules of grammar are violated in the pulpit, hence correct speaking and logical reasoning are very important factors in public speaking, and both would soon be learned, at least for all practical purposes, by a little consecutive daily reading, mental concentration, and earnest study. As preachers, we need a spiritual fttness as well as a mental one. Mere intellectual force and power to express one's thoughts in a forcible and rhetorical manner may do for a politician or a barrister, where mental cult.-ire is only needed for worldly purposes, but we. as preachers, require a spiritual jK'irer. It is one thing to prepare our sermour on a mere intellectual plain ; it is auother thing to prepare ourselves for rightly preaching them. Our work has a speciality ami an uniqueness about it, hence it needs the culture of heart as well as mental force : in fact, the crucifixion of self rightly to preach a crucified Christ. Our Divine Master's character made His teachings effective, and His sinless life an object lesson of His sermons, and in proportion as we live Christly we shall preach Christly, other things being equal. We question the utility of impromptu speaking in our mutual improvement Societies. An agnostic speech cuniiot be very edifying to the hearers, or profitable to the speaker. Men cannot talk iu an unknown tongue, or make clear what they do not see. It is true that son e men speak and then think, but it is better to think and then speak, but impromptu speaking does not always allow it. If we put a number of subjects in a hat, and take then out one by one, each subject may fall iuto very unfortunate hands, and an attempt to speak upon it may have a subjectire injurious effect. If the barrister could draw something out of the hat that had reference to law, and the physician something about physiology, and the statesman something that related to political aconomy, ard the minister something that related to nioral ethics, then intelligent speaking might be expected, but when a young man draws a subject from a hat that he has never thought about, and attempts in the dark to speak upon it, his very ignorance may have a discouraging effect upon hiin, and on this ground wc question the utility of impromptu speaking. Be honest with your opponents, consider well their aims, and never attempt to make their arguments or their illdstrations teach what they were never intended to do. I once heard an Unitarian minister lecture on Christ, and he took great pains to ptove His humanity, and when he had done so, he assumed that all had been spoken aboutChrist that could be said about Him. The minister certainly wasnotignorantofthefactthat many believe in the divinity of Christ and teach it in their creeds, and yet that minister assumed that he was defending the humanity of Christ as if it were ever doubted by the Trinitarians. Such a method was not honest all round, as the minister knew well that his theological opponents, who believe in tbe divinity of Christ, also believe in His humanity. When we deal with objections state them as onr opponents would do. Some, when defending a subject, will state the very weakest objections, and, of course, refute them as if they were the very strongest objections that an opponent could present. A minister of my acquaintance was delighted with this kind of work until one Sunday morning an intelligent woman said to him, " Mr , whe/i I hear you deal with your opponents I always feel that I would like to hear them state their objections, and then hear 3 r onr replies." Some public speakers mightfind themselves in unpleasant positions if they were morally honest with their opponents and stated their objections as strongly as those who differed from them would do. And yet, When we fight we have no ri«bt to waste our powder and shot upon sham seldiers when there are real ones to test onr strength and try our s'iill. When a man assumes to be an apologist and a defender of Christianity, he should at least, be morally honest and treat those that differ from him as he would like to be treated by them. We, as preaehers, would not like an infidel to expose some creeds in lecture halls as if they were a part of Christianity or of Christ's teaching; of course, we know that this is done sometimes, but it is morally dishonest, and what we condemn in others let us guard against ourselves. If we should gain a victory, do not glory in our opponent's defeat; show him that we seek his welfare and only contend in the interest of truth. A man may be on the wrons side mentally and not know it; in fact, he may be in error and still be sincere. Even great men once believed that the earth was stationary, and also that the blood was not circulating in the human body, and yet they were sincere, ami sincerity should always be respected. Of course, if a man puts on intellectual airs, and yon know that he is a mere wind-bag, then prick for his own sake, that lie may mentally work out his own salvation : bat treat sincere and earnest men in a Christly manner, evtn when a victory is gained. In all controversial subjects begin first upon point* of similarity, or upon points _of agreement: such a method may inspire mutual confidence, while tbe reverse may generate prejudice. There are two ways of stroking the same cloth, and there are two ways of dealing with men: Two preachers some time ago addressed the same people in the open air. One was treated with respect, and the other with disrespect. One began bis address upon points of agreement with his audience, and after gaining the confidence of his bearers he was allowed to speak npon points and express opinions that widely differed from those entertained by his hearers. Bat the other preacher began his address upon points of disagreement and failed to secure a bearing, because bis andience thought that there was not anything in common between him and them. The Apotle Paul, when dealing with tbe Jews and seeking to win them to a higher life, always pointed out all that was good in their creed ; in fact, when Paul was discussing controversial subjects with his fellow-countrymen he began on points of agreement, and thus paved his way to discuss vital truths upon which they disagreed. Uon't think for a moment that there is nothing good in those who widely differ from us on religions subjects. Such men as Dr. Sexton, Tliomas Cooper, and Joseph Barker, as religious controversialists, were not always treated in a Christly manner even by professed Christian thinkers. Let us be kind to our erring brethren, and honestly recognise the truth and goodness that may be in them ; and at tbe same time let ns be honest with ourselves, and ever correct our own creed, if needed, if we discover defects in it by the realisation of more light. Of coarse, there are a few that would as sooa think of reversing nature's laws as change their opinions, even iF erroneous, which is a very effective way of fettering one's intellect and cramping one's mind. The better way is to be ever ready to give an intelligent reason for all that we believe. When we deal with creeds of a political, literary, scientific, and religious nature, let us be honest in our analysis. It is said of Nelson that when he did not want to see the enemy he pat his blind eye o to the ttlescope. Tnere are many li';e that: they cannot see anything good in & creed that does not harmonise with their own. They look at other people's beliefs through color glasses, or else through their great grandfather's spectacles. Rabid radicals and extreme conservatives frequently cannot see anything good in each other's political creed, and yet frith have a degree of the salt of goodness in them as their preserving force. A red-hot-headed Protestant and an enthusiastic Roman Catholic frequeutly fail rightly and honestly to analyse one another's creed : each other's faults are magnified and virtues mininrsed, and both arc often unevenly weighed. A Trinitarian and a Unitarian often look at each other with jealous eyes and fail to see in each other the divine unity, and yet Dr. Martinet and Dr. Dale .will not be far from each other when they leave their present spheres of usefulness. It is a poor system, indeed, th it has net in it a grain of truth and an element of goodness, and when we analyse systems or creeds readily admit what is good in them, and take advantage of the satne. In fact, no man has a right to express an opinion about another man's creed until he has critically, fairly, and honestly analysed it in the same spirit that be would like his own creed dissected. Arrange yourarguments according to their strength and use the strongest the last, and tbe same may be said of illostratsons. Many a good ctuse has suffered by its defender employing defective arguments, and even truth has been hindered by the same cause. There are many prople that cannot see an abstract truth ; it must be put into a concrete form before it becomes visible to them. And there are nany that simply judge of tbe inherent strength of a truth by the strength of the arguments that are -employed in supporting it, hence the importance of using the very strongest arguments that can. be constructed. If we use weak arguments we may lessen the influence of truth, but if we arrange our arguments so well that each one has an in reused force, and marshall the strongest one the last; it will either generate or e'se strengthen conviction, which is the most eff- ctive way of rightly influencing the will and defending the truth. In all ou preaching let ns have a definite aim. Think of a surveyor, an artist, a sculptor, or an architect having no aim in their work. Think of a builder having all his materials on the ground, and you say " My friend, what are you going to build ? " Von would think it strange if he replied " I know not as yet what shape the building will take, but I shall erect one of some kind." Thiuk of a tailor, after he has measured you for a suit of clothes, cuttiug and making the same without a definite aim to the measurement. An aimless sermon is not only discreditable to tbe preacher, but it is a sin committed even in the pulpit. Henry Ward Beecher, when a boy, was playing with a gun. His father reproved him for wasting powder and shot and having no aim with it. Mr Beecher, throughout his successful preaching career, never lost sight of the important lesson taught him by his thoughtful and revered father. We should think that it was sinful, and even inhuman, for a general and his army to be tightiug without a definite aim, and we should call it an unpardonable sin for a captain at sea to ignore his compass and allow his ship to drift aimlessly, and if we eesmonise w ithout a definite aim and preach without a definite purpose we are traitors in tbe c mp, and onr sin will find us out. Let our utterances be the outflow of deep convictions. Some minds are like cisterns : there is no creative element or conviction in them. They are simply parrots in the pulpit; they cannot speak out of the fulness of their minds. What we have seen and felt with confidence we tell forms no part of ^ their experience. Whatever their elocutionary efforts might be their speaking will not be effective. I would rather see a man in the pulpit with convictions ami a sweet consciousness that bis sins are forgiven with a rude undeveloped intellect, than a man of cnlture without convictions, however finished his oratory may be. The Holy Ghost can speak more effectively throngh a rugged conviction than He can through a marble lifeless statue. Intelligent convictions will generate inspiration and create an enthusiasm which are essential to successful preaching. Be natural in tone of voice and attitude. This is the most difficult part of our subject. It is one thing to tell a man to. be natural, but it is another thing to tell him how to be. It is an easy matter sometimes to state a fact, but it may be difficult one to philosophise about it. Nature has given to every man an individuality, and he should try to maintain it, but as every attribute of the mind can be improved, so -a man's individuality can be rightly developed, hence in every great preacher you will find that some prominent feature has created his distinction and fostered his individuality. Let ns find out the mould in which we were cast, and be true to the divine idea in delation to ourselves. Of course, every man, more or less, most be a law to himself. One thought more, that is more easily said than done. Lose sight of self, importance, and as far as possible become unconscious of oneself. This is purely a work of grace ; it is beyond the achieving power of either nature or culture. Water willfind its own level, but high intellectual attainments will not find an unconscious level without a living contact with Christ. It was this living touch with Christ that extracted the deep rooted pharisaism out of Pauls nature: the Apostle felt the crucifixion of self was essential to his completeness and oneness with his divine Master. Let us remember that all our gifts are simply gifts, that our native talents are not -the_ workmanship of our own hands, and yet if we rightly use them tliey will create a Heaven for ns in the development of our true manhood, an I enable us to do life's work in life's allotted time, and then hear" the giver of our gifts sty 11 Well done." 