ISTjEJ^JDLJSK: "Short, Sharp, Shiny.* Feed—"Well^ Jim, here's a happy and prosperous year." Jim—" Suppose you start the prosperity by paying rue that five pounds you owe me." Fked:—"Don't mention it, old fellow; I've turned over a no,w leaf." . Hot. Circus. Anarchism. Cyclorama. Pantomime. Jnbilee Singers. "Continentals." Napoleon's ghost. "Forty Thieves." Run over by a cart, A series of fatalities. An aquatio carnival. Fire at Broken Hill. Joe Goddard beaten. Intercolonial crioket. "The Colleen Bawn" Sad case of drowning. Anarchists in Greece. South Australians 272. • j The Valetta at Albany. Last night of the circus. Peculiar poisoning case. Two shooting accidents. A " doctored" whisky flask. Boxing match in Melbourne. Dynamite outrage in Greece. A prominent sportsman killed. Gun accident near the Ooorong. 6,000 people at the races yesterday. No more holidays until Good Friday. Congratulations to Sir Jenkin Coles. Small dividends at the races, yesterday. Death from drinking " doctored" whisky, Chicago is furious with Mr. W. T. Stead. The Mayor of Sydney has been knighted. Jones made 42 runs in Melbourne yssterday. Two children burnt to death at Broken Hill. ' " The Colleen Bawn" at the Bijou Theatre to-night. Go and see the ghost of Napoleon at the Cyclorama. A big lottery in Tasmania sanctioned by the Parliament. Miss Ida Osborne will sing at to-morrow's Continental. . The largest crowd seen for years atthe Sema phore yesterday. w An aboriginal badly injured through the Bursting of a gun. . Mr. Arnold Ferry won the Hurdles yeaters day on Simulator. '•The South Australian,orioketers have started well in Melbourne. Mr. T. H. 'Brooker, M.P., was born on December 30, 1850. ' I It is a year td-aay since Mr. Sheriff Boothby yeceived his.CiM.G. j ThoM&embly;'has two knights now, while the Council; has. none, I Mr. Stead's departure from Chicago is de manded by the ladies. i The National Park at Belair is proving a favorite holiday resorb. ' The body of another victim of the Sorrento disaster has been found. : Only three more concerts will be given by the Fisk Jubilee Singers. . 41,000 people travelled on the Port and Semaphore railway yesterday. ! Sir Edwin Smith leaves London for Ade laide by the Britannia this week. The new betting arrangements are by no means an improvement on the old. The Bum of £5,186 10s, passed through the totalizator at Morphettville yesterday,1 Fitzgeralds' Circus and Menagerie will ap pear in Adelaide for the last time to-night. George Giffen made 92 for Soubh Australia against Victoria in Melbourne on January 2, 1892\. • Napoleon's ghost appeared at the Cyclo rama last night and will again walk this evening. The warships Orlando, Ringarooma, Katoomba, and Tauranga are going bo visit Port Lincoln. Chief Justice Higinbotham, of Victoria, died on December 31,1892, and was buried on January 2, 1893. • Morphett Vale was the first community in South Australia to erect a Roman Catholic place of worship. It is thought that the Duke of York will re quire time to consider the invitation of the Australian colonies. The price of The Advertiser was reduced to a penny on January 1, 1884. Ten years of continuous progress. Mr. Seddon, Premier of New Zealand, telegraphed Christmas and New Year greet ings to Mr. Kingston. Mr. T. H. Brooker, M.P., one of the most popular politicians in South Australia, was 44 years old on Saturday. Richard Hengiat Home, Australian poet j and dramatist, was born on January 1,1803, and died on March 13,1884. Over 200 nautical men were entertained at a I New Year's dinner by the Church of England | Seamen's Mission in Sydney yesterday. The first Roman Catholic pro-cathedral in j South Australia is Bituated in Pirie-street'and ] is now known as the Adelaide Brewery. An Irish member recently evoked shouts of langhter all over the House of Commons by beginning a sentence with "I forget whether I recollect." Mr. T. H. Brooker, M.P., objects to titles, and yet the Speaker of the Assembly was made a K.C.M.G. on his birthday. Was it done on purpose 1 Mr. Crewell—"If I had known yon wereI going to have fried beefsteak I would have| asked Bromley to dinner." Mrs. Crewell " Bromley to dinner! I thought you hated I him." Mr-Crewell—" I do." Oh ! naughty, naughty, Mr, Stead, Your language, sir, is shoddy ; Be oareful now you've lost your head Yon do nob lose your body; Chicago dames would run you out, For socially you're deed ; Chicago men, I've not a doubt, Would run you in instead. 