I SOME STRANGE STORIES- (Miss Alice Quarry, in tho "Argosy.") Those of us who stumble at belief in tue supernatural, may find it easier to discuss mysteries when Hie terra super-material is used. Those who are not as>hame<l to ac- j knowledge that inexplicable things do hap- i pen, can claim fellowship with a goodly I host. The writer of this paper will re- I late nothing herein that is not true and i absolutely worthy of trust, within personal experience, or that of well-known and ex cellent friends. A clever divine was, for many years, rec tor of a country parish, aiul built, for liis own convenience, a handsome parsonage, fitting up therein a library, replete with every literary luxury, and rich in com fortable appliances. Here ho, for tho most part, lived for a long period, and within those four delightful walls were written the books and pamphlets which eventually raised him to the dignity of a bishop. A new and more stately house became his happy home again, while the parish he had vacated fell into tbe hands of another. Some years passed. The new vicar of the country parish was one day writing his sermon within the closed doors of the bishop's old library, now more modestly called "the study." He was disturbed by hearing a hoarse, distressed voice exclaim ing, "Maryl Mary I" The speaker seemed at his elbow, yet the room had no second occupant; and the double doors shut off extraneous noises. As ho looked about in surprise, the call for "Mary! Mary!" came more urgently still. He ruse and went, to tho window. The sun was shining. All was quiet without. No one was In sight. He resumed his work. It' did not pro gress, however. He had hardly taken up his pen when he laid it down again. Drip, drip, drip, as of some liquid slowly flowing, disturbed him now. "Rain dropping off the eaves, and I thought it had boon fine all the morning!" he muttered, again going to tho window. His impression hud been cor rect. The day was glorious, and he could not discover whence or where the drop ping caino from. Yet ho distinctly heard this drip, drip, drip. A little later he learned that, at this same hour, on this very day, his predecessor had committed suicide, under the stress of some sudden brain-pressure: that he had hoarsely called his wife Mary, and that she, alas! had not come to his assistance until the life-blood had drip-dripped away. This most strange occurrence was related direct to the narra tor by the person to whom it occurred. There Is a lonely, lovely, darkly-shadowed lake in Ireland called Lough Derg, famous alike for good fishing and sudden squalls. My friend went to spend a fortnight with an aunt, whose house was near the water. Her rector lived on the opposite shore. They were all at lunch one wild October day, when the lady, looking up from her plate, suddenly exclaimed: "Why, there are the C. boys coming up the drive! what a day for them to venture across the lake; and wo have eaten up everything!" She left the table, and went to the kitchen to order tho hasty preparation of some fresh dish for the coming guests. Her daughter and nephew crossed the room, stood at the window, watching the young men approaeh- ing, and commenting upon the habit the j elder youth had of swinging his arm as lie I walked. My friend then went and opened I the hall door to admit these frequent guests, that there might bo no delay in their entrance ou such a blustering day, the servants being occupied by their mis tress, who at this moment came forward from the back of the house. "Not here!" Oh, I know their tricks! They are hiding round the corner just to make us hunt and feel foolish. They arc a pair of scamps!" But they were not round the corner, nor visible any longer in auy direc tion. Tho home party had finally to con- 1 elude that tlicir young friends had changed their minds, and given up tho purposed : visit for somo other expedition. However, in n couplo of hours, they were horrified to hear of a terrible boat accident. The rec tor's sons had been rowing themselves | across the lake, intending to lunch with ' their friends, when a sudden squall over- turned tlielr boat, and both were drowned. | There is an old town in Ireland still sur- j rounded with walls. It is noted as the ! centre of a rebellious district. It wuAalso | in ancient days a favorUo spot for con cealing smuggled goods, being intersected with secret passages and underground rooms. Ruined castles and modern ab beys, monasteries and convents abound. It is perhaps as well to make this state ment; although It has, so far as we, the leading actors in the matter, aro aware, nothing to do with tho story. One of our 'home party was ordained, and became the curate of a rich and kind- old rector here. A local banker formerly had this house, but was shot dead on his own doorstep in tho midst of a Fenian outbreak. Having been nearly a month in residence, the curate called one day at tho police station j to ask that somo patrolling should bo done outside his dwelliug, as runaway knocks annoyed the servant at night. "All right, sir. I'll look after tliciu boys," was the choerful response. Meeting the constables a few days later, however, tho eurato re proached them. "1 really wish you would come our way sometimes at night," he said. "We aro quite tormented. Tho an noyance goes on up to near midnight." Tho sergeant stared. "Why, sir," lie said, "my men have been about every evening since, and have seen no ono. To-night I will put one of them indoors, if you like. With two outside we aro sure to catch them." They did not, however/although the knoclciug was kept up vigorously. The knocking soon changed its venue, as well as Its character. Four bedrooms opened off a 3mall landing. Some frightened person, seoined to bo within one or another of the rooms; usually within one occupied by tbo curate's sister and the young domestic, who refused to remain uuder present cir cumstances if compelled to sleep alone. Tho knocking began now on the door with a tone as of one anxious to get out. Tho urgency and sound of tho entreating knocks increased uutil the noise seemed created by an iron hammer, vigorously used. . On opening tho door no cause could ever be discovered. Fifteen porsons were assembled one night endeavoring to catch tho ghost by systematic search, but all in vain. This disturbance would go on until 2 and 3 o'clock on some occasions. Soft footsteps were also heard pattering up and down tho short, steep stairs, down which also tumbled at Intervals cart-loads as of in visible coal or stones. A young policeman fled from the houso one night in pallid ter ror, declining ever again to seek to unearth unearthly enemies. Through it all the young eurato and his sister endeavored to keep a bravo heart, even going so far as to hold a .servico within the walls to exor cise the spirits, If spirits they were. He wrote to his predecessor in office, and lear ned from him that the house, had been so uncanny that it was quite tbo much for him and his wife. They had left tho place as soon as possible. While this went on tho old rector camo down one day on a tour of Inspection/certain that he could track the ghost. Ho could not, but ad vised tho eurato to make his sister change her bedroom; as within her present apart ment ho had visited a former teuant dy ing a very terrible death. This advice was taken, and undoubtedly when this par-. Ucular chamber was vacated, tho disturb ances abated, although the houso was never as other houses. Bishop Rlyth, Uio Anglican Bishop of Jeru salem, assorts in his annual report that "about 109,000 Jews havo entered Palestine during tho last few years, of whom 65,009 havo come within the lost seven yearn, und f tho arrival of a vaster number is Imminent." I British India has 10,417 licensed opium shops. Tlio correspondence of the Pope Is carried on lu Latin, 