CiiBI.SGK.AKES. [Fhom Cob Special Lybe.] I Loxdon, April G, 1894. I There's been a bye election, and the Lib'rals gained a seat : And Mrs. Gordon fiaiilie has been lumbered for deceit. But, having been in 44 stir' before, she'll 'do it on her head.' One Smith (Professor W. H.) is numbered 'rnons the dead. An avalanche, in Yankeelsnd has killed a j dc^tn pccple, And Captain Fen wick's Why Not won the Liverpool Grand Steeple. The Yankees and Canadians *are wrangling o'er the seals ; And, in a foreign prison, they've got Belfocr by the heels. The French and German syndicates arc ask iug'bout our meat, And one pound five a quarter has been offered for our wheat. Our old friend. J. H. Hoaton, barracks still fcr penny post : Kossuth, the Austrian patriot, hag given np the ghost. A certain Mr. Harper says because it's neat the Shore, No Belgian mice is easier worked than onr own CreaiOine Bore. They've tried in Carolina Soath to make the people «ubert By banishing all spirits aad the brew oT blown October. 'But 'gainst this tyranny the mob rore up to ciaim their civil rights, And 'tween tbem and the milit'ry there's been some fatal fights. Thenhgers in the Southern States will trv Liberia's shore To found a new Utopia, as told by Tliomai Moore. Let's hope they'll find a leader, and a fate more bright and gay Than what befell the foolish whites with Lane in Paraguay. Le Caron. the informer, who betrayed the Fenian plot, Has cone below to play the Bpy in a more favored spot. A patriot he — says '? London Times' — the foolish Orauge Bigot— Which lost a fortune backing up the tales of j mm anu riggotr. John Burns denounced the useless frill— the Imperial Institute — As home of Johnny, bounder, and the cad of small repute. Matabaleland is full of gold, so that explains the cause Of Cecil lihoies' eagerness to get it in his | claws. ! Poth lialfour aud Trevelyan row o'er Scot land and Home Rule, And German prison-productsBritain takes in like a fool. The Costa Rica Packct case, its slow length drags along. Another London Banking Co. has hopelessly gone wrong. Our old friend, David Christie Murray, man of book and stage, Has added to divorce court love another dirty page. He called on us some years ago and played a nasty trick, Beturning hospitality with much abuse of Crick, The 'Bulletin ' and -other folks ; in fact, he hit all round ; Bat now the truth ia out, his own repute Ss not sound. The Bank of England re-elect their chair man, David Powell** i A man more suited for the job frpn Mr. Tamworth Dowcll. There is an Austrian semi-monthly review which has cpntributors in all parts of the world, and which prints every article in the contribptor's native' tongue. Thus, some times as many as 30 languages are repre sented in one issue. The ' Pantobiblian ' of St. Petersburg is another curiosity, for one of its features is a series of critical articles on all printed publications of the world, each article being written and printed in a language corresponding to tbe reviewed pub lication. The magar.ine is, therefore, printed In 15 different languages simultaneously, namely, English, French, Gcrmau, Italian, Spanish, Hungarian, Bowmanian. liusaian, Servian, Bohemian, and Polish, ' The War Cry,' tho oj^aa of the Salvation Array^ moreover, is printed in U0 different lan M 1 