Ttse candidature of AM, OAMPn?cLL is an illustration of the manner in which the Now Electoral Act has changed the whole complexion of affairs in this electorate, though not exactly in the direcotion feared by Mn,. Ft i isER' supporters. When first mooted it was evidently thought that the change of boundary would jeopardise the seat of the sitting mouber by the introduction of localism at the other emds of the electorateo,. As it has turned out, the formidable antagonist comes from the midst of the old con. stituency, aind the contest will be fought out very largely on personal grounds. In opening the campaign, MR, OAIUPsLri expressed the opinion that not many votes would be oast oaiamst him through personal ill-fooling. This is perfectly true, and le might have gone further and said that a large amount of the support he will reooeive will spring from the esteem in which he is held as a man throughout the whole district, rather than from any endorsement of his programme. We are not aware that Mn FULL?n has forfeited the confidence of. his old constituency by any alteration in his political creod, except, perhacs, as re garde his attitude to the important question of compensaetin to publicans. Nor will it be contended that the con etituenoy has gone back, on the policy of its old-time representative, SinR HENnvY PAnrics. If the old knight put in an appearance to-morrow as a candidate thern is no doubt what the result would be, And yet there is just as little doubt that many of the votes that would he given for SIn HrENy, the freetrader, will be given on other grounds to Mn, OnAMPIECL, the protectionist. Both of the candidates may be regarded as local men, but Mn, OA ePnBEn's card is not only that he is a native-born resident, but that he is in closest touch with the constituents as a farmer amongst farmers, and that card has told, and will. Tiose .of lMn. CAoiwnnLr,'s ·most. ajqd1ct admirers who have heard him : ikc must in candour -admit that? 'hatever weight is justly. due to'' his personal oharacter,. his utterances on , some 'of. the greatest. issues of the day are, vague and crude in the extreme, An ittempt to expound one's views on the whole range of present-day politiop in 'an address of thirty-five .minutes could only end in one ,way.. And tlho impression left on . thinking men, will be that his political beliefs are in a very ombiryotio condition indeed,' Mn,.OAMPDnLL believes in Fedora.; tion and Local. Government-so does everybody.else in the abstract, These are non-party ories that all throw 'ip thoer 'aps for, and will do so till 'the tug of war comes in the imposition of the inevitable taxation involved 'ii them, Greater interest will attach ' to the .'doolaration in favour of tenant right, A good many besides the farmer will go all the w ay with the candidate when he defends the right of the tenant to.the fruit of his labour in compensation for im-. provements. He will also carry with him popular opinion in deplorilg 'the evild'of tendering for farms, But wri aro,'iot so sure of his oure, lie would reomdy the evil by the appointment, of a Board to fix rents, and thus prevent, landlords from taking the highost bid for the farm ; but Mn, OAMDrnILL forgot to say whether the same Board is to fix the price of the auctioneer's cattle with' which it is to, be stocked, or whether, as at present, the milkers would go to the highest bidder, Mn, OAnMPseLL also advocates cheap money for the farmer, which he would compoel the State to advance, loe would shut off the banks with their 8 or. 9 per, cent,, and lot the farmnor have all he needs at 4 or 5. This sounds first. olasse, and as a good many of us who are not farmoers are suffering from the same omplaint, we hope the oandidate will yet ido his way to choke off the private lenders from us, and allow us to share in the farimor's luck. We are glad to hoar .that Mil., OAMPnRL, would deal In summary fashion with the preposterous claims of the publican for oompensation, although we are free to confess that' we slhouldl not care to urge as reasons for that oourso'thoso that appear no conolusive to him. But with all his outspoken noes on this point, Ma1. OAnhPicLtr would discard the strongest allies in the battle when he would deny the franchise to woman. Strangely enoughJ heo goes to New Zealand for his sitrong eat argument againse woman's on franchisemeont, and pleads that becansm onle lady Mayor has made herself foolish, all her sisters should lose their natural right to a say in the laws that they are compelled to obey. That same argument would clear the electoral roll of one half of the aldermen in the colony, whose disgraceful antics have made our municipal institutions a bye word and derision. MnR. OAnnuPLatr, is not aware of the fact, or else forgets it, that the testi monlly of New Zealand is that every, prediction uttered by the opponents of woman's vote has been falsified by the event. It was declared that the women did not want the vote, that they would not use it if they got it, that they would be insulted and assaulted on thelir way to the polls by mombers of 1Re. OAIvPIn.L'Rs own sex, and other ,'rave evils would arise, Every one of these prophesies has proved false, and the result is that Now Zealand has entered upon tho most vigorous crusade against the drink traflic that this end of the world has seen. As to the fiscal issue, Mn, CAMP?tinL is ready to stand by the present tariff until we get federation, then he would go for inter-colonial froetrado with pro tection against the world, Shades of IRn -IicNRY PAnKtias I The Kiama ghost is not ia circumstance to it. Another good man (and we are sincere in that) gone wrong. 