BY MAY KENDALL, .Author of : Suc~ is Life," " Dreams to Sell," ".Friom a Garrell," do. (Published by Special Arrangement, with Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowdon, Ltd.) [NOW 5155T PUmLLSIED.j OHAPTER XVII.-((Continued.) ' Besides, I'm going to give up the world,' she resumed with a sigh. 'I am, really: they've brought me in, but, Frank, I don't think I'm pro perly brought in, for I feel just as I did before, only I mean to go on, and perhaps it will grow on me. When things are at the worst, they are sure to mend; but they won't, for all that. Everything's dreadful, and I wish I was dead. But I can sing for them, even if I haven't got grace. I've been practising the tunes on the piano. And Frank, if you did something too, you'd feel much hap pier. You might enlist, only I don't want you to be killed. Suppose you go into Parliament; they'd take you, wouldn't they? You've so much money.' ' Money !' groaned Frank. 'I didn't mean you weren't clover enough,' said Vi repentantly. 'Cleverer than me, anyhow. I've nothing but my looks-I never had. If I lost them, you'd detest me.' ' Vi,' said the young fellow, ' you're sure now, but you mayn't be so sure always. I'd wait year after year. And I'd do my level best to make you happy. If you want good works, and all that kind of thing, the Grange is big enough, and gardens and hot-houses, and you could bring all your poor people out in waggonettes, and board them in the village, and give them strawberries on the lawn, and all the rest of it. My father and mother wouldn't mind, bless your heart! They'we plenty of money, that's true; but they're the best and simplest people who ever lived; and they'd love you the minute they saw you. ei, we could do such multitudes of things ! And now you'll go and kill yourself, working all alone!' Vi shook her head with a faint smile. ' No,' she said, ' I'm too strong for that. You'll have to do things by yourself, Frank, and so shall I. But by-and-by, by-and-by, perhaps when I'm not pretty any longer, there'll be a girl-a fair girl-much nicer in every way--.' ' Confound her! ' exclaimed Frank, with sudden energy. 'Vi, there'll never be another girl for me. It's you I love, it's the way you have-I don't know what it is. You may hate me, but you might believe me. I'd sooner love you in hell than anybody elso in heaven. Why can't you un derstand ?' ' I know,' said Vi; ' oh, I know ! ' 'I've called myself a fool for my pains,' he went on bitterly. 'I've said I must have lost all my self-re spect, to go on caring like this for a woman who cared nothing for me, never would, if I lived a thousand years.' 'No,' said Vi, in a low, heart broken tone, 'never would. It's hard lines, Frank ! But it isn't in them, they can't help it. If we wore great enough and good enough, they would have to care; but the others are better and greater. There's no chance.' ' You mean you feel that way too,' said Frank, with sudden comprehen sion. ' Then there is no chance,' he added blankly. Vi nodded. 'You'll never tell, I kmnow,' she said gentl?,. ' We are in the same boat you mustn't be harde on me. I always meant to be so happy. Oh, how happy we could hlave been, if all the right people had cared for the right people ! B3ut something's gone wron?: it spoils overything, it hurts, it tries to kill. Wre have to live it down,' she ended desolately. 'I don'~twant to live it down,' said Frank. 'No more do I,' she answered; 'I'd rather die. Never mind, go away now, Frank; never come back. Oue of us is enough to be wretched. I'm very wicked to have made you wretched, too. F'rank, do something great if you can't be happy. Remember, it's no better for me than you, and-eand what can't be cured must be en dured.' He caught her hand and kissed it passionately, and swung out of the room. She had meant him to go, but her heart sank as the door shut after him, and she felt that she was losing her one friend. She nearly ran out into thu passage to call him back, and tell hin once again how sorry she was, but instead she flung herself down on the couch and sobbed bitterly. Oh! why had things gone so wrong ? By-andl-by she rose, and bathed her eyes, and put on her hat and cloak. There was a place she wanted to see before her new work definitely began. Only Ithat old bench in St. James's Park, where she had one day sat with Trevanion, in tho kind, bygone year. When she reached it, it was already white with snow. But there was no one to see. Vi brushed the snow away and ]issed the cold iron. Oh, there was no place so desolate as this, where she had once been happy, and could never be happy again ! She sat there long, though the snow was falli,g on her-large, soft, penetrating flakes. It did not matter. She felt for the tiny gold cross on her chitelaine; indeed, it was true that he had given her a cross. But this was too small and delicate.. She fuancied she' would buy a larger and rougher cross, and wear it to remember by. As for the Salvation Army, probaby they Wouild not object, because they would not know. She sprang up at once, quite cheered by the small piece of romance, and went to buy her charm. At last she came upon what she wanted-an iron cross, rough and hard enough, as she found after wearing it a little while inside her dress. But she would not take it off. She fancied that if she did she should probably marry Frank and the Grange, the broug. hams and the hot-houses, and then it would be all over for both of them. For she was not strong enough to in spire a man; she should only drag him down. So she went on wearing the iron cross. CHAPTER XVIII. PARADISE. ' Some day,' said Elsie, with the air of one volunteering a practical piece of information, 'we shall be able to go up and down among days and years as we do among streets, and stop where we like. There will be no more waiting for things to come over again that never do; we shall go back to them. At what time of your life would you like to spend your holi days ?' This foolishness· was out of the range of argument, and Jim lit a cigar and began to smoke peacefully. ' Where would you ?' he rejoined. 'In a dream I had last night,' said Elsie. 'What was it about?' inquired Jim. Elsie paused to reflect, or to in vent. 'About ices,' she said slowly. 'At least, I think it would have been if I had dreamed it, which I didn't. Rows of ices, all huge, and flavoured with almond and vanilla, and nothing to do but to oat them. No masses, no any thing. I suppose it was heaven.' But she spoke rather wistfully not at all as if she were thinking about the ices. Jim wondered if she had really dreamed something she did not choose to tell him. There was silence awhile. 'I wonder whether Trevanion ever means to write,' was Jim's next re mark. 'It is a month since he went.' 'I don't suppose so,' said Elsie. 'I never thought he would.' 'He liked you, you know,' said Jim, mildly. 'Not in real life,' returned Elsie. 'No, that was before we transmigrated. I told you so at the time. And there was no penny postage then, only leaves of papyrus, which accounts for it. I wasn't lame either.' ' Very well, he was the only person I ever met with who could make you behave rationally,' said Jim rashly. But Elsie's wrath, as it happened, was not roused. She only said soberly, 'Could he? I'm not so sure of that.' 'He .might have let us know whether he was alive or dead,' Jim grumbled. 'If he were dead,' said Elsie, very tranquilly, 'we should have seen it in the newspapers.' Jim laughed. 'That sounds philosophical enough,' said he. 'I must be going.' 'And I have to write a letter,' said Elsie, rising and opening her desk. 'To whom?' said Jim, who was certainly in a frivolous mood. 'Any one I know ? I can tell you what to say.' In truth, there were so many people they knew .in common that a joint stock letter was not unusual. 'No one you know,' said Elsie. 'Only Dorothea Bangs. Her inner life is at a new stage, and she has written to consult me.' 'The genius who' crosses her letters and underlines every other word?' said Jim. 'I know. What is that ?' For with her paper and envelopes Elsie had drawn out something else a Christmas card, much the worse for wear, and exceptionally ugly, with a plethoric, square-faced cherub on it, looking out from impossible lilies and roses. Elsie flushed hotly, but her voice was cool enough as she said, 'Part of Paradise. Don't you see the cherub?' S' Yes,' said Jim. f He is very ugly. Why do you keep it ?' 'I hardly know,' Elsie replied vaguely. 'No;' for Jim, still unac countably curious, held out his hand for the card. ' You musn't touch it. It would break the spell.' 'What has come over you?' said Jim, retreating. 'You are madder than usual. Very well; I am going. I shall be back for supper.' 'Be in good time,' said Elsie, quite practically, looking up. ' I have made your favourite pudding, Jim--the 'Greatest Happiness of the Greatest Number.' Rebecca wen to see her mother, and I did the cooking for her.' And Jim left her. She wrote thile letter, which was simple enough, as Dorothea only required a sheet full of such mingled sympathy and warning as can be written offhand to a variety of cases, and then gazed dreamily once more at the plethoric cherub-rather like Mr. Jos. Sodley. 'You look as if you had found it rather dull in Paradise,' she mur mured, apostrophising the same. 'I didn't-but, to be sure, I didn't stay there very long. Never mind; there is nothing to cry for.' But it was not the cherub whose hot tears were falling. Perhaps it was no one at all, for Elsie scorned tears. She had been busy all day, and was rather tired, which might account for it. But she was in no mood for read ing even " David Copperfield," though it lay open by her; and she stirred the fire and turned down the gas, and opened the window, letting in a soft pleasant wind, for, though it was late autumn, the day had boon like spring. 'Now for the ghosts,' she said to herself. 'Firelight and .wind they like best. The wind brings them, and the fire keeps them.' And she drew forward a chair for any ghost who liked to occupy it. None came-not in visible form, that is-but yet she had a curious fancy that either her thoughts had found their way across the Channel, or some one else's thoughts had found their way to her. 'I wonder if I shall have a letter to-morrow night,' she said dreamily. 'Or if it is only reflex action.' She had the letter. Only, as she herself argued, that might be a mere coincidence. On the whole it seemed safer and less confusing to believe in the coincidence, and not in the reflex action. CHAPTER XIX. BETWEEN THE LINES. ' And shame, if shame were thine, that shame were mine.' -TENNYSON. ' Write to her, Trevanion,' Vi had said; and the words haunted him, though it was some time before he determined to follow her advice. But the day he told her he should leave England, Vi had broken out with her views on this topic, and said several things before he could stop her. As for instance, ' If you throw her up now you've made her friends with you, Trevanion, I'll call it disgraceful! You've no excuse for not being friends any longer, because you like her too well. If she doesn't care, it can't hurt her. If she cares so little that she'll get over it, your letters won't stop her. If she cares too much to get over it, then they'll keep her from getting desperate. You men don't understand women. You think we must always be wanting to marry you, and go where you go, and never leave hold of you. As if a woman wouldn't sooner have a. man care for her once than marry her a dozen times! You're all alike. You'll break her heart out of a sense of duty. Do you think she wants to fasten you down ? Not she. I hate her. I detest her; but I know her better than that!' Thus Vi, in a torrent, before Tre vanion could stop her. And when he thought it over, he owned to himself that he had been looking at the mat ter too exclusively from a man's point of view. He put the whole thing be fore him again as grimly, and fairly, and practically as he could. The only point which he felt no doubt upon was that he loved Elsie. He could give her his love, but he could give her nothing else, except a share of his anxieties. A fellow like Austin, on the other hand, if he fell in love with her, as he either had done or would do, could give her a love at least as worthy of her, and his whole life un fettered. Trevanion could not help believing that Austin was a better man than he; he could hardly help be lieving something more-that Austin would win Elsie's love in the end, if she felt herself unbound. On the other hand, he had dreamed, and once, for a moment, he had more than fancied, that Elsie cared for him. Of course there was always a current of what might be called ' counter in tuition,' telling him that she was not likely to fall in love with a ' battered old fogey,' as he irreverently styled himself. And again, for a long time he had not dreamed of her at all, or no dream that he could call to mind at waking. Moreover, he knew that in the course of his own life he had fallen in love with perhaps twenty people, more or less, and often more. He was con fident, to be sure, that he should care for no one else again as he cared for Elsie. But she-she was so young, and had known him so short a time. How few hours they had spent tegether, after all! His time of love was ending, hers beginning. It was hardly possible, that if she cared for him, it should be for ever, unless, in deed, she felt herself positively' pledged to him. On looking at it, the. probabilities really seemed to be on the side of Trevanion's belief, that Austin, or if not Austin, some other man, would win. But one thing he did not take sufficiently into his calculations, namely, the possibility that Elsie too had intuitions, and dreamed dreams, and perhaps, being a woman, trusted her dreams and intuitions more implicitly than he did his; though oven women can hardly rely alto gether on such unrecognised modes of evidence. However, Trevanion thought him self into a fever, and when he finally decided to write now and then, it seemed hardly more, and hardly less a mistake than any other decision. Be sides, which yet more perplexed his naturally upright soul, he could not wish, for the life of him, in spite of the unutterable confusion in which he now found himself, either that he had seon less of Elsie, or that Elsie had seen less of him. (To Ie continued.) 