The Dubbo Ghost. MR. JACOB STEIN INTERVIEWED. The Dubbo Dispatch publishes the follow ing : — The account recently published, in this .journal regarding the' manifestations i , at the residence, of Mr. Peter Steitf at the Coolbaggie, 27 miles from Dubbo, excited very much curiosity and no little argument. The continuation of the manifestations, . to the great annoyance of the family, \ induced M r. Jacob Stein, the eldest son, and the holder of 2569 acres, to visit Dubbo on Sunday last, with a view to obtain such v assistance as would bring about" a solution of tiie mystery. Mr. Stein called at this office, and in the presence of several well known gentlemen told a most extraordinary tale, bearing out in every particular what had been previously published — showing, in fact, that what was said was only a part of what had occurred almost continuously uunug uie xour years rue oiein xuimiy have been on the Coal baggie. But in his words we will let liitu tell his tale : What age are you, |Mr. Stein, and how long have you been on the Coalbaggie ?— I am going on for 29 years, and with my father and the rest of. us, I came here about four' years ago. My father took up one selection On South Bollodoran, and I took up the other. They are about three miles apart. When did these annoyances commence? —From the first day we went there. There "was, I may tell you, an old hut on the ground when we took it up, and we heard noises there first; Then when the new place Was builtit commenced in earnest. It chucked candlesticks, furniture, and every thing else about. It hammered the tin dishes, and you could see the dints in the dishes afterwards. ' It started to talk to us then, but since Father Bolger and Father Moylan were out it has not talked so much. It was quiet for some time afterwards. ' Has is told you what it is or anything of its history ?-— Yes, it has often ; said that its mother and sister were burned to death in the hiit. The mother was ironing and her dress caught fire. It said that an aunt and uncle lived just across the creek, and the mother when she was dying gave £60 and a gold watch to the aunt, asking her to keep them for her boy and take care of them. The uncle, a man named- , hit it (the spirit) upon the head with the handle of a stockwhip and left him for rlpsir) nn flip vw»rl Have you ever seen anything, Mr. Stein ? —Well, one night mother and I were \- sitting in the; room; by the fire, and clods were pelted at us as if by some persons in the fireplace. We looked and saw a strange figure. It had the body of a child, about, five years old, and' a most peculiar face, a whiteish beard on it. I went to catch it and "it disappeared. On another occasion I saw something like a hand coming over a box; and when I tried to grasp it there was nothing. . ; . j When you heard it talking did the ) things move about?— Yes, while it talked outside as it were, the furniture and other things would be knocked about inside. In . factj in four different places the racket would be going on. It used to catch: the ' bedsteads and ' shake them' ' violently, and while this was: taking: place; a few yards away the crockery would be smashed at the same time. On one occasion it took up a crucifix which was in the house, broke it to pieces; and- flung' the bits in ! our facbs: At another time some blessed . # .candles brought from , Dubbo were broken -' into bits before us - and caSt; at us.: The candle and crucifix were quite uninjured a , minute or two before, and without our seeing what was doing it they were pulled to pieces and cast at us. Was any person _ Outside the family in the house atrdriy time "these disturbances v ' . were. Snino on ?— Yes, why, only, the other d&y.; it attempted to set' fire to the house iii i four different: places, an'd it also set fire to my sisler s clothes, and did other things, \- and this can be testified to by Mr. M'Leod, who is now in Dubbo," and a Mr. Dvvyer, \- who with his son wasfat our place at the v : time making arrangements for the pur- chase from us of 1000 sheep. When did if appear last?— On Friday and . .. . baturday last it was very bad, and it took us all we could do to prevent it from buining the place down. We can smell . like tiie before we see if, and the house will be on tire in four places at once, and /the bedclothes and articles of female ap- . Tifirfll itlrtA Itnrninoi . ; hils' .be?.i) suggested, Mr. Stein, that one of 'your family is a ventriloquist, and that accounts for some of the manifesta tions ?— Whenever I hear this— and I have heard it several times — I get real ; "narked." I wish those who offer this ; . ' solution had , the thing tied round their \- necks. Tlien they would know if it were \- a ventriloquist. It is,--l assure you, a regular torment to us, and it is driving my father > and my mother real mad. My opinion is. ; that it is a live spirit possessed of the ' devil. Have yoii seen anything at -'any time other thanyou have told us of? — Well, on one occasion it came in the shape of a ' bear; got up on the wall of the kitchen, and when we went to chase it awav it disappeared in a white smoke. On another occasion a big, mouse, about a foot long,; came on to i the roof,: and it) mysteriously moved about. Again it took the shape of a. kangaroo; the other day a wallaby was near Uie house; ami it would "not" move for my sis'ersH They tried to put the dogs: h . on it, but the dogs came back with their .) tails between their legs. My brother and myself put-two kangaroo dogs .on to it, imdit. ran5 into the. creek, and disappeared as if in the ground. The dogs came out on . the; -other, side ..looking;, terribly ; teii'ifidj" 'but there' was' htfWlIdby." ' That: . night it talked to iis and said it could appear in any shapcthat it wtisr the 'wallaby - which we were chasing.' It said: it could appear its a lizard bra snake or in! any snape u uaea. at torn us it was no use bringing out. the priests. It said it: would haunt and torment us not only while1 we were on. the Coalbaggie, hut would follow iis about wherever we : went. You said it lias talked to you very often ? ; — Well, yes, but not. very much during the i last few. months.. It talks in two. voices, and ; sometimes seems sensible enough, while at others it seems quite mad and uses language ;t.hat could' -not rbe beaten by the lowest Sydney larrikin. - It- bids us the time of ! day, and vvheh I have remonstrated with it for its actions) it; says it is only having a bit of fun. I once said to it that there was not much fun in breaking crockery and generally knocking things about, and it told me it couldn't help it, for when its mother caught fire it was taking some crockery out and the shock was so great that it dropped it. Since then its favourite amusement has been smashing up the crockery. It has done from first to last £100 worth of damage, and you may be sure that if it were one of ourselves we would not waste monev like that'.5 Not long since it went into the kitchen, and in the presence, of three or four took down the frying pan, put it on the lire, and put six eggs' into it. The J frying pan could be seen moving, and the ; ' ' ' ' I eggs put in it, but the agency which moved it was invisible. It is no wonder that we are scared when these things are done. Why; even the dogs know when it is about. You can hear it talking to them and they look in mortal dread, their hair standing up and their eyes bulging out of their heads. It talks in two voices, and some times so loudly that it ought to be heard a mile a a ay. Does it ever sing, and are the songs up to date ? — Yes, it sings, and it seems to know all sorts of songs. Two in particular it seems to be fond of — " The Banks of the Clyde" and "The Ship that Never Returned." It sings the last one pretty fairly, but it is quite horrible to hear, it sing "The Banks of the Clyde." < It is quite sickening. It does not trouble me at my selection as much as it does at my father's place. It sometimes comes and takes my tools when I am at work and plants them. I find them afterwards, how ever. We are quite full about it. The family will come into Dubbo, and then-it cap bash away.. Do you suspect any of the neighbour of being concerned? — No, we are on the best of terms with everyone, and the nearest neighbour lives three miles away I have really no conception of what the thing is, beyond that I honestly believe that it is a live spirit, possessed, of the devil, and having the power of making itself invisible. Why, the night when we were praying and it lifted up the table towards tiie ceiling, there were present my father and mother and four of my sisters. Not one of them touched the table, but it went up just the satiie. 