BAPTIST CHURCH. REVIVAL SERVICES AT GRAFTON« 'THESE services, which were commenced on Thursday evening br a deputation from .Sydney, consisting > of Mr. William White (Chairman of the Union), Revs. A. J. Clarke ' andW.R. Hiddlestone and Miss Roherts.have .been continued daily with much success. .?On Saturday evening the deputation: took .part in the open-air services conducted in the street in connection with the Wesleyan body, afterwards repairing to the Baptist 'Church, where they, in conjunction with Revs, C. Stark and J. F. Orr, occupied the platform. The church was well filled. Mr. White opened proceedings, after the usual formalities, with the solo "TheEden above," -the audience, which represented all denomin- ations, joining heartily in the chorus; Rev. W. R. Hiddlestone presiding at the organ, which duty be fulfilled the whole evening. "The latter, before giving a solo, made a brief address, commencing by stating that it was .Saturday evening, on which many received their pay for the past week. But God gave his wages in advance the first day of the week, the day that commemorated and .marked the resurrection of the Saviour. He went on to show that while many in their .enthusiasm imagined and declared that they had found the grace of Christ, they had .subsequently found that they had got in the wrong train, and had got post the junction, grasped the bubble, and lost the reality. There was nothing spurious about the grace .of Jesus Christ; by it men could be rescued from drink and other vices, and without it blue or any other coloured ribhbnism would avail but little. The duet, " The peace that Jesus Christ." was then sung by Mr. White .and Miss Roberts, which was followed by ar address by Rev. A. J. Clarke on " Remmis cences of revival work in Britain." The rev, gentleman humorously narrated how he had visited various parts of England, Ireland and Scotland, and had taken a prominent part in religious awakenings in the old country Some of the incidents in connection with these were detailed in an entertaining man ner, and evidently fascinated the audience. In one instance a policeman spoke a word in season to one arrested for drunkenness, lending him to vow that he would renounce the spirituous for the spiritual, and this was told the magistrate when the inebriate faced the court next morning. If this were told to some N. S. Wales magistrates, said the speaker, they would probably consider such a policeman a flt subject for Gladesville ; but the justice in this instance took the correct view, and discharged the penitent drunkard, who thereafter became a powerful agent in converting others. He described the Irish as a most hospitable people, though the country would be much better oft if the land- lords spent their money among the people that earned it, or the land given to the people that worked it, Glasgow was des cribed as a city, many of whose people imbibed freely, as could be witnessed only too plainly by taking a walk through the streets at night. Several anecdotes from the stock that Scotch people retain of their ministers were given, and some of the work done among the rough, but good-hearted miners of Cornwall, proved interesting. Speaking of Canon Farrar, brought about the subject of eternal punishment, and the speaker questioned if there were any who denied the existence of such who were willing to risk their own souls, on an issue they endeavoured to instil, into the minds of others. Cowardice kept many from being converted ; there were some even in Grafton who knew it was the right thing to do, yet had not the manliness to come forward. Miss Roberts sang with much impressiveness the solo " What a wonderful Saviour," after , which Rev, W, R. Hiddlestone gave a short . address, dealing specially with the te in uta tions that beset young men. On Sunday afternoon Rev. Mr. Clari delivered.a suitable address to the Sundi school children. There was a good atten _. ance of adults. The x-ev. gentleman's addre , was freely interspersed with anecdote, ar . .he rivetted the attention of the juveniles f( . ;nearly three-quarters of an hour, and showc that newus well acquainted with, the raanni of suiting his remarks to children, and at tl same time impressing them on their mind He particularly impressed on the boys not 1 indulge in drinking or smoking.. Afc the evening service the church wr crowded to excess, the whole of the deputi tion occupying the platform. Rev. Mr.'Hit dleetone conducted the service, while Rei Mr. Clarke preached, and gave a short expe sition of tho tenets of the Church as regard baptism, there being two candidates for th rite. He wished to impress upon the congre gution not to look upon the doctrine of th immersion of believers as denominational every believer in the Lord Jesus Christ may be immersed, if they saw it to be the teach ing of the New Testament and were willinj to obey it. At one time ho considered it : strange practice, hut when he came to real the New Testament as it related to baptist] he fully believed it was in accordance witl the Word of God. In Matthew, 28ch. 18-20v. it was written " And Jesus came and spaki unto them, saying 'All power is given unti me in heaven and on earth. Go ye, there fore, and teach all nations, baptising them ii the name of the Father and of the Son and o the Holy Ghost; teaching them whatsoevei I have commanded you ; and lo, I am witl you alway, even unto the end of the world." They took this as the Church's charter the ordination charge. " Go and teach al nations" was the first thing to be done ; then to baptise in the name of the Father, Sor and Holy Ghost. All those that became evangelised, or saved, Christ recommends that they be baptised, and to be taught tc observe all things that He commanded. They took it to be a privilege for every believer tc stand by the charter God has given. It appeared to them that the teachings of the New Testament were that only believers were to be baptised. In the Acts of the Apostles there are a number of references to baptism, but in every case the rite was administered to believers, as the Phil lipian gaoler, who, it' is, said, believed with , all his house and were baptised straight way. ' They believed that those who gave open testimony that they belong to Jesus, and those who intelligently believed that they were passed from neath unto life were eligible for baptism. The Greek word "baptise" was never translated into the English language. If it were, it would be translated " immerse," * dip " or " plunge." All Greek scholars, whether Church of Eng- land, Presbyterian, Congregational, Metho- dist, or anybody else that professed to have a knowledge of the Greek language, tell us that baptise means to immerse,'so that we generally read ' " immerse " 'instead of " bap tise." Thus in Romans, 'Otb, ch,, 2 and 3 v., " Know ye not that so many of us as were immersed into Jesus Christ were immersed .into his death. Therefore we are bound with 'him by immersion into death; ; etc." There could not he a better,symbol of resur- rection to the new life, going into the water representing dying unto sin, and emerging from it as new creatures, therefore burying all the past. As Jesus was raised from the -dead, so those, who, received the rite as believers signified that they were raised in newness of life. To him the teachings of the New Testament on baptism were exceedingly clear. ; _, Mr. White here gave the solo, 11 Harbour i Beils,',' with much fervour. "'.. Bev.'Mr.' Clarke then preached an earnest ;...and stirring address on the " Great Salva i. tion.'.' . He pointed out that the great deliv- erances of the lsraelitcs from the Egyptians, . .and many other such in history, paled into insignificance when compared with the great salvation God wrought for his people spiritually. Its cost was tho great atone ment and sufferings of Christ, which were somewhat vividly depicted by the preacher. ;^It wisgreat in its results, and in detailing ,*. its jiower in delivering people from eternal ..'punishment, the speakerstrongly condemned the doctrines of those who disbelieved in \- eternal punishment, and quoted copiously from the Scriptures, that teaching of this .nature was not in accordance with the -Divine word. There were some who were bowing down to what the Devi! could give, \- and for this reason patronised the racecourse \- or dancing parties. But salvation was some- thing that could not be fully expressed, and , young men would lind far more gratification I .in it than by frequenting the billiard table . or the public-house. After eloquently pour I traying tho joy that followed the acceptance of this great salvntioD which was universally I offered, the preacher solemnly warned those who neglected "so great salvation," stating that no man that sat under the Gospel entered hell but with his own latch key through the door that had a lock on only one side, and through which when once entered there was no return. The conclusion of his discourse was a powerful appeal to all to accept what was so freely offered. Two young ladies were then immersed in conformity with the rite of the church, the congregation singing the hymn "Rock of ages," while Rev. C. Stark went down into the water and baptised them. Last evening the services were continued, and to-night Miss Roberts will have charge of the meeting, which will be specially in connection with the Christian Endeavour Society, though everybody is invited. The deputation were entertained by a trip to the Whiteman on Saturday afternoon, when the Lorna was comfortably filled. The trip up was enlivened hy singing to the accompaniment of Mr. Hoare on the organ. After disembarking a service was held, and addresses given by the visiting clergymen, and by Revs. C. Stark and J. F. Orr. A pleasant trip terminated by reach- ing town shortly before 0. On the motion af Mrs. Stark, a vote of thanks was accorded Mr. See, manager of the N.O.S.N. Co., for the use of the steamer. Mr. See, in respond- ing, Baid he was always willing to do his utmost to give visitors an opportunity of seeing the river, and wished the deputation every success._ ; 