r€ :r— Jaloyon. ak lie- SS \ ; » SAVAGE, \- Quoted.) ; 11- igueishiy trans- 0,e. hitherto invul- thtfnwiight. For >is -yes were fixed jaCe in her beauty ql0ness of her Cas hier secluded con- in 'the fleeting er tender cheek, which gave an >eauty, Dolores ayes mournfully answer to his r slender hands, the father who fore a jefe poli- fyrant's bidding, head resting on ibes flowing over us : clasping the Wainwright to Icxioan sobbed, forecito !' in the rita, and I will "life.' d ring. 1 It g gift. That 11 write three .gler blew taps rright had his ip and from fch anxiety to ould precede i layman or ist. a blessing as will send you ryour house - isred to the go and come olores. The l only as an- leep Dolores mandante, I !t. You will They will .' He bent essenger of le in Guay- iter caught s tall spars, I the ' dainty ndthe wise it prudence, )her folded -and slept in ie pilot and owl. 4 You gort captain, llf, or sur- okee officer, tar. But if eat mint is a cargo of re probable after the M Hoist two .jfead of one E-.ta will be "lommander Crownin- Tt at day- me a good » the Yaqui » Land.al- run uj-the les and see anal-fields of ITres, to be eds. They Use the atives, and interior re . them be- jd, friendly, report from is sigh as he i head was ie Constance, his nose into v him out at hrthv tyrant. . jot on shore nail him on kissed Dolo- The father un, for his dreams were is, his slum- t and sad as 4 IE padre j coffee had night from bin window. ie. .e's a bright rest ol his lis breakfast ts by a hur- 4 You can ler without mger punch 'he Alaskan ptcellency to Sning toilet, p his official aps, charts, jxican coast, g envelopes 'tial flattery, jinking, wiii junior. I'll d-room can fplomatieally II start hji'c on the path :, the list of official toasts will conclude the good work. ' The gay sailor could not see Obed Lake and Jorgensen, forty miles at sea, lurking at the bow of the Constance as she darted along to the south. 4 There's some trick here,' Lake snarled. 4 Curse that upstart officer ! I'll have this boat yet, in spite of him. If we leave the town again without the women on board, or these blue jackets, I'll run away with this craft.' 'Spoken like a man!' said Jorgensen. ' "Where will you run her to ?' he whispered. 'I'll tell you later. I have a scheme to load us both down with gold, Jorgensen, he said. ' We have our show now.' 4 "What is it?' whispered : the mate. The eyes of the villains met. ' We must loosen the whole bulkhead of the arms-room while we are on this trip,— draw the nails, cut them off, and leave a few boards taoked loosely. When we get our show, we will jump these two fools, and make a run for it. It is a secret for you: and me alone. The men are willing.' ' And the two dandy skippers ?' hoarsely groaned Jorgensen. Obed Lake pointed silently to the green water. ' The sharks cling to ub like a shadow,' he said, as a dozen green slimy flattened shades swept along on the lee side of the boat. Jorgensen grinaed. 'Here's my hand on, it, shipmate.' And he laughed to think of the blue- eyed maid waiting on the Baltic. There was all the studied display which Waiuwright's skill could lend to the arrival of Governor Marquez, —a ringing salute, the ship's company mustered for inspection,' and a personal reception hy himself. In solemn . procession, the official cortege inspected tlfo ship, and then the junor's in a body es corted the governor's staff to the ward-rooms, whence the sound of jollity soon arose. But in the commander's cabin, Wainwright, in' deep preoccupation, communed with the de- lighted official. Coal mines, future fleet visits, growing business 'relations, the value of detailed gulf and harbor surveys, his de-; sire to visit Yaqui River and the tribes, a; special report to - the secretary.— all these things were reviewed before , the governor. Samples of the 'American cocktail were deftly! introduced to punctuate . the . conference.: ' But I will not : weary you, Senor Gobar- - nador. I have a few days' leisure. . I 'could have taken a look at the main coal-fields near. Ures, hut the roads are so dangerous. I bave sent an officer to examine the Yaqui "River.; It is too shallow for my vessel to reach, so I have hired the vessel of these mining specu lators. If I could see the mines and gain some real information of the Yacqui ; country- — ' ; ' Senor Comaridante, iejoined the Mexican , j now flushing with the good humor of thei ante prandial appetizers, ' I will give you an | escort and my own carriage. I have one of' my best officers at Ures,'. in charge of that malefactor Pesquiera. He cannot leave, but he shall tell you all, and he will send you to! the fields.' Wainwright exhausted his repertory of Castilian. flourishes in thanks. 4 Does he! know the Yaquis, their land, their habits ?! It we could only u-e this coal-supply ! Ah,| what a boon to our 'service ! . L cannot visit! their land ! . I must obtain . details for my! secret report ' to'Panline'Delmar : Heaven! pardon me this official '.humbugging !' lie! soliloquized. i 'I have it! Mateo Pesquiera was his; father's secretary. He knows: he shall tellj you all. I will have my carriage at your disposal to-morrow. You shall he there in a j day and a half.' | Wainwright cast a glance toward, the red) tiled roof of the distant convent. He felt: the emerald ring, Dolores's token, on his. finger. 'I will live to see her folded in her father's arms : I swear it. And then ?' ; His heart leaped np. Along the future pathway of his life he saw the glances of those Creole eyes, loving, burning, tender. ' Excellency, allow me to escort you to the deck. Our other, guests are waiting to do you honor.' Wainwright led the way to the quarter-deck, while the merry circle gathered, and Mrs. Woodford and her daughter were presented in due form. Fred Bligh cauti ously dilated upon the land and mining specu lation which hound them all together. Mother and daughter learned to breathe more freely as Bligh and Wainwright courteously interpreted. The splendor of Wainwright's feast daz zled the Mexican governor. Heated in the place of honor, under the glances of the: ladies. Marquez loyally drained each of the' ceremonial toasts which dragged along during the two hours at table. Pressing his hand ' on his heart, he offered his services to the visitors. Even quaint Professor Hackmuller shared in his general outpouring of effusive hospitality. ' Permission to establish a laboratory ? Certainly, my dear sir. I have a fine loca tion near the governor's house, and a yard full of machinery there. Come and see me. Ah, my friend, when I have finished the trial of this pestilent Pesquiera, I will go myself and show you mines. 1 go to Ures in two weeks for the trial. It will be pushed. When his fate is decided and the decree exe cuted, I am at your service.' 4 And what will he his fate if found guilty ?' asked the host, with assumed carelessness. ' He will he shot forthwith, on telegraphic confirmation of my review of the proceedings. He is a foe of progress.' Marquoz's face was scowling with passion. A general springing from chairs followed, for Mrs. DelmaFs sudden pallor gave way to a death like 6woon. : . , ' It is the heat, the. close cabin. Gentle ; men, let us retire.' Ten minutes later, on the breezy deck, tie lady was able to thank the governor through her anxious interpreters. 'Rouse yourself. Be brave now. He may suspect you understood his Spanish,' Wain wright whispered as he fanned her. 4 Heave to-morrow with his escort and permission to sea the prisoner. I'll save him or die.' The invalid was soon able to promenade the : snowy quarter-deck, leaning on the arm of the anxious guest , of honor. It was but natural that the unnerved woman should ac cept Goodloe's escort to the shore. Mr. Philip May, the mining partner, the com mander, and the governor whiled the afaer- noon away in the cabin. Cigars and confi dence followed theu:elebrated punch, which sustained its ancien\ reputation. When his Excellency departed v for . the shore under Wainwright's escort, the circle had progressed far in a general plan to perfect an exploration of the Yaqui lands. 'These Americanos are rich, powerful. They know the secrete of art. Is I only dared to bring Pesquiera here, I might force him to show me the riches of the ciosed-up region. I must think, — must think.' And the gov ernor's nodding head drowsily dropped on his shoulder, as he gyrated to his car riage. When Wainwright waved adieu to Good loe and May next day he resigned himself to the care of a wild-eyed driver, who urged the travelliog-carriage aloDg after a half troop of lancers, the rear guard struggling after. Harry's last glimpse in Guayman was of Bligh and Hackmuller emestly oratiDg to the gover nor on his portico. The long windows of Mrs. Delmar's house were darkened but one green blind was raised a moment. A kerchief flut tered : it was Dolores's farewell. While the cavalcade climbed the sierra, the officer re viewed the hours of his last conference the preceding evening. As his head rested on the reclining cushions, he forgot the bishop's grave cautions, the careful plans of the circle of friends quietly assembled. He dismissed his official cares, his pretended explanation, and fell into a day dream slumber haunted by Dolores Pesquiera's. smile. On for hours the train climbed, until the sierra was passed. Refreshed in mind by rest, he .- gazed on the half-desert Land, the mean villages, the scanty cultivation, and the savage 'scenery. Late on the second day he saw the walls of the old castle of Ures rise before him. Fields of, maize, wheat, peas, and beans alternated in the winding river- bottom with : tobacco, sugar-cane, and cotton. The linen-olad pea .Bants, shawled women, : dashing horsemen, wild muleteers, groaning ox -wains, and long trains of pack-mules with tinkling bells gave an air of romance to the stony road over which the mail-clad Spaniards had wearily marolied in search of gold. Silent, cautious, wary of all, he noted gladly the old romantic town with the royal escutcheons rudely graven on the mouldering castle arch- ways, A. cracked hell was clanging from a once magnificent church, now in the last stages of decay. . The plaza was silent, 'save for a few Indian women flitting ghost-like to vespers. A loitering crowd of the mean, stunted, ig norant populace, followed his troops into the court-yard. - - . With profound respect, an officer of the guard ushered him into a guest- chamber overlooking the river. El Senor Castellan Alvarado was absent) but in an hour would return and pay his res pects to the: illustrious national guest, the comandante of the great war- vessel of the Norte Americanos. Wainwright despatched in silence a boun tiful repast, and. sought the comfort of a hammock. The. call of the sentinel on the old walls lulled him "to sleep. He woke with a start,- to Bee a dark- eyed priest bend ing over him: Two whispered words told that the mysterious arm of the Church was over him. In half an hour the: castellan, the visitor, and the bishop's spy' were at home over a bottle of mescal. A frank and loyal old sol dier, Alvarado was delighted when the padre offered the distinguished --visitor1 his services as cicerone. 'I can offer you a little - better than- this soldier's -fare, and will bring you "over to breakfast with the castellan.' _ i The rushing river lulled Waiiiwright'-to his rest, and the moonlight, streaming into his room, showed him afar the crested sierras and the sparkHng sfcars above theito ' To- morrow, to-morrow, ' he murmured, ' Dolores's token shall unlock her father's heart.' It was with a beating' heart that the sailor; next day, followed the castellan through' a vaulted stone corridor with double guards.) 'Twill go on before and announce you to the prisoner. He is gloomy, and has seen no- one .but our friend; le padre. Alas, poor Pesquiera! The . court meets next week.' I fear ho will never go farther from here than to the firing-ground on the old.plaza. How many men ' have died on its. cruel flag stones ! I will leave you here, Senor Comandante,' said Alvarado, at the door. ' I cannot bear to appear as. jailer bofore a man whom I have saluted with my regiment and the na tional colors:as our. honored, governor. His father gave me -my first , commission, and I hope the .ignominy will be spared me of wit nessing the- son's execution by a platoon of my regiment. Ah, Mexico, .unhappy Mex ico ! — I will send the sentinel in on his half- hour rounds. You 'can stay as long as you wish.' ' Wainwright entered the vaulted room where a beaded middle-aged mau stood moodily gazing oh the river from a grated window. A straw pallet and a chair wore the only articles' of furniture in the cell. The captive governor turned dark wolfish eyes on the visitor, a,s the castellan's foot echoed in retreat on the corridor. j 'Wlio are you? Speak!' the prisoner cried, gaziug in wonder at the American's' undress naval uniform. " 4 A friend who comes to save you,' Wain wright answered. 4 1 know you not,' ::the prisoner sullenly, said. 4 You come from Guyinas. from Mar quez ?' The eyes read the young man's very soul. Wainwright, without a .word, placed the emerald ring in Pesquiera's hand. The tremuluons lipB which kissed it faltered,! 4 Poor Dolores ! An orphan, alone, and in that villain's power !' He sank into the rude chair and sobbed. 4 Guard yourself, my poor friend. Listen ! You shall be saved !' the sailor urged. 4 Con-! fide in me.' Pesquiera sprang to the window ; with a meaning gesture he pointed to the plaza. 4 Marquez shot my most faithful friends there. I covered my eyes. I heard the crushing volleys. Poor child, Dolores !'. 4 Rouse yourself ! be a man !' cried Wain wright. 4 Beware the sentinel ! Give me the ring back when you have, seen its inscrip tion. Save yourself, for your daughter. Look at these!' The young champion of Love placed the lines from Mrs. Delmar. and Bishop Domingnez in the prisoner's hand. A gleam of hope lit up Pesquiera's face.: In eager words Wainwright recounted the efforts to bring help near to him. A new! life sprang up in the captive's heart. It was after one visit of the sentinel, who found the two talking placidly of. the unex-! plored Yaqui land, that Mateo, the father, bent his head on. his breast in thought. 4 Be quick in decision,' urged Wainwright. i 4 An accident might ruin all. This is our; one chance to make a plan. This villain's suspicions once aroused, he might bring! you ! to trial and execution. 1 must go soon, to- disarm any spies. I have left my ship, tor ' your daughter's sake, to save your life. My honor, my future, are in your hands. Would it not he well to treat with Marquez ?' Pesquiera sadly said, 4 He would verify the : facts, . seize the treasure, conquer a way to the mines, and poison me in prison. Pauline Delmar and her child would be ruined. Dol ores would -be in his power, her birthright confiscated. Welcome death first ! Here ; . I will make all sure while I can.' The hollow-eyed prisoner searched the ! straw of his pallet nervously. 4 Here is the token of the Yaquis. Guard it with your ; life. It carries the pact of the idolaters : it : was on the altars of their god. The chiefs , swore their oath to Delmar. My father took it from his dead body. Padre Francisco kept it for me. I had sworn to throw it into the river before going out to face the rifles.' .'Can I trust Francisco?' asked Wain- wrighti exammhig the token. It was a rude human figure, three inches in length, carved from a single piece Of the turquoise of the Colorado River. ' 4 You can trust him in all. He was sent by the bishop to hear my dying confession. Then the. words breathed in the ear of God's messenger would reach alone my orphaned child through the grace , of our J holy Church, t held my secret to the last Give the token b Pauline Delmar. The letters at San Fran- asco complete the protection of the two de posits and the mine. All the Yaqui chief and high-priests know this. The idol, his feet sill smeared with the stains of human blood, , liVs prone in the ruined temple at Culiacan, : bit the oath and pact are handed down by eyry high priest and chief of the Yaqiiis. 1 Listen, my friend. You are young, brave, trie. You have life and love before ' you. Svear to me by the mother who bore yon, by the God we worship, that you will guard my daighter's rights. Justice to the friends whi.have crossed a world to try to help a dooned man ! Protection to my child !' Ad Harry Wainwright bent his band- somj head, and kissed a cross the eager father heldput. 4 Iswear,' he said, and a far faint glanie of Dolores's tender eves seemed to ahinton him, as the ripple of the river alone brokf,thB stillness. (To Bs Continued.) Mrs Scrooge — 4 1 am writing to ask the Brown to meet the Joneses here at dinner, and to '.he Joneses to meet the Browns. We owe tbm both an invitation, you know. ' Mr. Soioge — 4 But I've heard they've just quarrelsd and don't speak !' Mrs; Scrooge — 4 I kiow. They'll both rcfupe, and we needn't ;ive a dinner party at all !' The ogan in St. Mary's, Edinburgh, was making i thundering noise one Sunday while the peope filed out, and little Albert Glen, who had lever been there before, wondered what all the noise was for. A bright idea struck hii, and with an eager look in his face he tuned to his mother, saying— 4 Oh ! mother, I ras just wondering why the organ played so hid, but I see it i&i-to-; jwaken the! people, an.' toll them they may \ go home1 now !' : in \\\r i l l Ulltf. Ml I II I I I'tllll V . 