5o Tell-Tale Wanted, Teceg Lady (st h-rd-tton): "Has this parrct any accomplishment I" 1'icyrUtm; "lie can speak a little, bat he' tco c 14 to learn anything now." Yoc ns Loir fbnitatiflfftfl' " WnafA kc imitate aoy sound be might bear, sacb at a sneeze, cr a cough, or Anything of that kind V Proprietor: "No. Tb girls were trying the ether day to teach bim to imitate Ibe sccml ct a kin, but be wouldn't do it." Tcnsg Lady (decidedly): " 111 taki him." Cut in the will— Fingers of lbs lawyers, "ixtbat jeer domestic" w No; (be la my ispctud." Nxczmitt is tbeontherof invsotion,aod likewise the father cf lies." I the boy do not kir the tsSttts, thmtht girls will mi the kireee. It is the man who Is too foil for oiterasn who never knows wben bo's loaded. Haw is dun fender of bis degs than be fa cf bi kin ; bat, then, a dog oan never eon test a wiff." ' l 7msz wateriog wine is a grots swindle." M So ft U— cut exuding sugar 1 a grocer swindle." Frxa? Ftfzzttti ; M What Isek V Stoned Fisherman: "N&cc; at all; can't get tba cork cot." " Her, mmga, ain't wo mida of dost V "Yes, dear," "Well, why don't we get muddy when wc drink 1" 'Don' yea ges tired of this do-oothlt Yaas, very; bat trad is vulgar tad ssiride « eriaicol. What can 1 do V liz (cacStcmly): " What would yon say, itslisg, it I sncuid oek yea to be my wife I" Dssiicg (even mere aslioulf) : "Ask ma acd find cat," you seen Pi til thh cenisz?' BImitfBbf I n« k« and tsUed her," Knrra : "It's the little things tbat tetiln this life." Alice : " V/e(l, you'd think so If yen had two small brothers, as I hers." Four ilf.ziztzzrtt: What is your ids cf toe height tAtzteutal" Second House keeper. " Calling err&te;'befp."' Hn: "And where are yoa going next V She (Ccck's tccrist) : M Milan," " WbyyoO are sa Mdon now." "Obi orswe! Wall, then, Geneva-" liens fzvt: "Jack is attracted bylglca Gates's money rather than by her personal chasm, isn't be l" Hiss Donno t: "1 jodfA to- I heard bim speak ot ber tbe other say as his f.nzmu, " Gsx/sxu. Asrrsw (cf Denver) ; "Tovng man, what woe that dose yen gave ma afore yen yanked tb' teeth J" The Dentist : " Cocaine and wbiiby, sir," Colossi Arkics: w PoU some mure 1" Hire: "Shakespeare is simply oarvrf- leu-" " He is, indeed. Even the names be gpite his miner character bare a deep signi ficance- lock at Piitcl, for iostance. Ha wo always leaded." I mm nctieed," remarked Dolley, "that the mcrzAxt who have the saaJleat fait poa- sess also tha most aeate aanse of hotBor." " I vender why l" rtpUsd Hiss Amy, soyly paihing ber foot forward a trifle. M Because brevity is tbe tool ot wit." Hzz.Jaz.%; "I declare I AlicaSmlibla to be married f It is frightful Ibe way gills marry nowaday. A w cmsn should nevet think cf it until ebe ha reached ko oga of discreticn," Mr, Jinks; "In otho voids, yea wcoli have tbem stay single all Ihris lives." " So that tsUow Brown married the pope Iar It'us Ictus, and eh bod a doom bolter men at her feet." " Yee, and be eaU ber 'E tAniihaa nnamJ" "'Ecloribtiennam V What dee be mean by tbat 7" "Woo tsesa many, Brown is a Latin ocholor, don't yen know." "ffova (the ehUkenAxerromet): 'Fe' d good Lewd, liistah Gbcit, luff ma go dis time en I netfcer come heabaginP for, Cccpley (of the Georgia pinc- dlstriet) 5 "G'losgl 1 hain't ao ghost- Tby war a tar-'o-featherin' bee last night, n tb' ete woman' made me stay out byar tffl tb' tSeeumut off." A ires rays be earn icror three rote ia lb« road tome time ago and all of tbem bad hoed of a strew, travelling along. Ha declasse that the two outside rat were leading the centre on, which was blind- That would l« a better story if rots were nob farsSibcd by nature witb excellent tow-lisia ot tbeir own. V/nir Chanel save "ft' ih ar«mmI thing, you know ; 1 called on Hixa uankln- too, of Geelong, last nigbt, and tbat Chubb wo iters. 1 hadn't keen in the room tea crioote, when Chubb offered to bet Iff# Haokioicn that 1 couldn't go down to tb Battery and bock in two bonis. She took the bet, ad I started- I did it la as hour and forty minotes; fiat w'oto I got book to the house Chobb nod go ae home tod Hfff Hankinson had retired," Plot?, th volunteer, left tb bamek without permireioo. As tho young'maa is a 1 gx&eral; favorite, bi corporal determined, |f poeritle, to shield bizn from puniabswnt. Accordingly, be wrapped a sweeping.feruak in a blanket sad laid it in tbe vomntetF# Ud. Tbe oZcex cn duty, who ia rather ftfacxt-tigbted, soon after went tbe round of !the beds until he came to Flott'e, Wb ties there?" be asked the coxpcral. »Yobu> the reply; " Flott, obf \+ macsdsiiy felfow is to intent 00 pfoasm | that be totally neglect him#tl 1," (Tire eor- I petal trembles io belief that tbe fraud lis diKfAtttd.\ "You may tell Volunteer j Ffott tomcnsv to gtt hii hair cal, GooQ Kt.j 