I/EKOSS A T HOME. ' The «M wd« chYaieth.'' and it is with .1 tinge of melancholy that tl.c naturalist feels th:u altered times fore shadow the future extirpation of the race of our largest English bird, the heron. -'?- longer is it royal game us in the days when falconry was the favourite pursuit of ICings, Princes, and nohles, —a pursuit in which Henry VIII. nearly lost his life, for we read, '? the King one day when pursuing his hawk at Hitchin, attempted, with the assistance of his pole, to jump over a wide ditch full of muddy water, but the pole unfortunately breaking, the King fell head over ears into the thick mud, where he nliglit have been suffocated bad not one of his attendants, seeing the accident, leaped into the ditch after his roval ma-ster and pulled him out. Many of the great heronries have been dispersed, the pour birds driven hither and thither, and though there are now private settlements in various jvwts o£ the Kingdom, the number is steadily un tion. The days are long gone by since certain breeds of falcons were claimed by Act of Parliament ' to be reserved to his Majesty according to ancient custom,' and when herons were strictlv preserved for the reason that they gave more exciting flights than any other birds. For food, too, the heron was much prized. Sir Walter sieott tells us in 'The Lay of the Last .Minstrel' that it formed part of the mrnn at Lidy Margarets bridal fe:ist, aud no li-ss than four huQtitvtJ bpmn^fiiLvvs uvrc coasuiueti at the feast of the installation of one of the Archbishops of York. Long before the days of William the Conqueror, bawfciug formed part of the education of young men of rant, and they studied assiduously a treatise written on the subject by Alfred the Great ; but attached as our ancestors were to the sport, it was by no means peculiar to Great Britain, for we know that the Sultan Bajazec Ilderim maintained a corps of seven thousand falconers, and Denmark and France were as devoted to the regal sport as England. Walking through a tir-wood in search of small beronry in Surrey, with the vellow glow of an early April sunset shining through the trees, the copper stems of the Scotch tire burnished by the sun, in the weird loneliness and silence, broken only by the crackling of twigs under foot and the sudden flight of a startled pigeon, a hawk's cry brings an old story of a day's hawking to mind. The falconer stood in full view of a bright retinue of lords and ladies, with the liawk held by a Jesse on his wrist ; and when the herons passed overhead, sailing in the air, the hawk was cast, aud dew like an arrow straight np to his quarry, and soaring above him, pounced ilownwaul and struck him, both birds falling u, the ground to gether, the falcon rewarded by the live lure, and the herun killed to' furnish a monarch's board. A harsh alarm-nof, like the sharp bark of a dog ' in a cracked and hi-rli- pitched voice.1' brings stories of bygone days to a close, and, looking up, herons are seen flying backwards and forwards over the tree*. Herons build in colonies like rooks, and their nests in the heronry firs, close to a lake within the precincts of an old Cistercian abbey. The silence of Nature's cathedral with the burnished pillars has disappeared, and the noisiest woodbind nursery, ?? high up in the pine-tree**,' io discovered. Broken pale green shells at the foot of the trees tell that the. nestlings are hatched, three in a nest, to remain there tive or six weeks before they can fly. We searched in vain for the justification of the old legend thai the rirst chick is always expelled from the nest .-is w«n as hatched, fi-r m- iirtle corpse was lyin^r buried in iir uo-dli-s or co\e..-4 with bracken by fri,-:.div robins. Perhaps in.xl.-rn herons m-- kinder to their young than in tl.e ,,ld barbarian days. Decause of the presence of intruders, the aid bird* wait at a ,liort distance with tlie tisb from the lake, and the bad language of Uieii- on=pring is so constant and so loud at being k.-pt waiting, that fcir very pilv we »ca-k refuge a little further 'iff. when ill- |,.in-n's at mice «.li'ht mi a tt-iul-r i .- ? 11 ?_; I . . ».',;.!? se-ms ?quarrel iu. \i»- n--v i-Mil.-utly ensues for ^?oscssiuu uf ill.: d.iiniy 1IWIV.-I. Jc l» curious to note the different tones of the snapping cries in the nests, indicating l he various ages of the nestlings, the bark Incoming more pronounced in the older bioods. The aests are quite flat, made of twigs and turf and roots, and placed in slender forks at tire end of branches, — to ignorant human eves, in the worst position possible. We hear of eighty nests in one tree iu the great heronry at Cressy Hall, and are not astonished when Gilbert Wliite tells us ' hp would iide many «i mile to see such a sight.' Oenerallv, herons are pictured standing silently, as so often seen at the margin of a stream or lake, 'solitary dfiiuinel of t lie shore,' — The jrh-wt of ases dim. The fisher of the sol.tudea, swims 'by or an unwary eel wriggles out of the mud. By this particular lake he is often seen for hours standing ou one leg silently contemplating the waters. tin- future, 'and wondering why' be cannot be left in peace to bring up his young as iu the days when his solitude was shared by the followers of Kobett, Abbot of Moienie. In Yarrell there is a drawing of a greedv heron, having pierced with his bill such a large eel '.hat it twisted itself round the bird's neck and strangled it. The flight of the heron, Morris says, in which the wings are much arched and the neck doubled liack, is slow and heavy, ;md the long less carried straight out, projecting behind ; this (light, seen early and late according to an old tradition, being con sidered very unlucky. Leaving the noisy chatter and scoldings of the nestlings behind — much to the relief of the parent birds — the way wends over the carpet of golden bracken by the lake side. Higher and higher the yellow glow lights the copper-coloured trunks, for the sun sinks silently behind the indigo nrs, and as if to mourn his departure, a soft blue mist rises from the black waters and shrouds the branches uf sweet-scented palm which overhang the edge, and the white birch stems, reflected in the deep water, look weird and ghost-like, A footfall frightens a beautiful mallard, and as he rises a setting gleam catches i he emerald head, which flashes like a jewel, and the white collar is fairer than ever, for at this season of the year the bird is in its best plumage. He flies off to the opposite side, and the unromaotic quack of his mate as she follows him betokens that she bas no idea of being left behind to the mercy of unknown intruders '. they circle together overhead, waiting till the coast is clear to return to the nest. The next to break the silence is a pheasant calling a good-night, as he always does when flying up to roost — the whirr of his wings being beard at some distance — to dream, it may be certain, of these happy eourting-days and of a summer of peace before hitu : and from l)elnnd a stump of a tree a baby rabbit comes peeping, wondering what strange giants people his woodland world. Looking back across the water — before the red road is reached and the bridge -which spans the Wey— the herons are seen flying backwards aad forwards, looking like grey spirits against the dark background, still fishing fur their voracious young, forming a link with the old-fashioned past, and making the present writer hope intensely that if the old order must change and must give place to new, man for '-auld lang syne will do all in his power t.. preserve for present ;mti future sunt^ntioDs ' our largest British bird.' 