Short Storfo — r- BUMSTEAD'S DOG by jahes geeewood. T kave no antipathy for the canine kind, i have kept a dog myself, and so valued its companionship that the fa-r on him "was always paid, if not with cheerful willingness, With unfailing punctuality. I am not ihdis- I posed to agree with the poet who says ' It is ; good to ; hear the honest watch-dog hark.' But there is a wide difference between simple barking and a fitfhl '- yelping, varied at F£Klueilt intervals with a wailing whine, as though the wretched animal was suffering agonies through colic, or some other internal ailment. Bad enough to listen to in the daytime, nut in tbddead stillness of night to be help lessly subjected to the dreadful infliction I respectfully submit, sufficient to make one not only meditate but put into execution plans of vengeance that as an un- exasperaied individual he would be. incapable of. It depends, of course, . on the degree of exasperation, and, as the. deed to which I was goaded may from a humanitarian point of view appear so atrocious as to merit any amount of punishment that ensued on it, it may be as well for me to explain the circum stances of the case. My residence at the time was in a. suburb of London 'delightfully picturesque— especi ally during the summer months — but rather lonely. It was one of ;a pair of villas, the next nearest houses being several hundred yar 's di.-tant. I had no next- door neighbour when I took possession, but when at last he came— he : and his -family — they brought a dog with them. A half-bred collie, so his master said. A shaggy, ugly beast, with a great moist month, 'which, was always "ajar showing his teeth. 'It is.a capital fefiow for keeping - guard,' remarked my new neigh bour the ' first day ; he came. ' Ho fear of thieves, getting in the hack way while he is about. : By Jove, sir, he can scent them a quarter of a mile off, and he lets you know it too.' There was no. misdescription in the last- mentioned respect. He let us know almost unceasingly from half -past ten at night, when he was turned loose -in the back garden, until within an hour of daylight next morn ing. .We. were previously unaware of nocturnal marauders prowling around, but according to that, half -bred- collie's account- there, were scores : of . them, and; it was a miracle that our premises had not been ran sacked, and we ourselves murdered in onr. beds, months ago. i 'Did yon not hear him P the gentleman next door gaily inquired, ' and when I rather ruefully responded that there could be no possibility of a mistake about that, aud. remarked that I supposed it was being Ftmngo to the place made him keep it up so lie smilingly assured me that that had' nothing to do with'it. He was always like it We co-fid only hope that it was not so, but it p- ove I to bo a terrible fact. The second- Hi'ahi'was, if anything, worse than the first, ami the third fairly up to the average. " NoiiLer my wife nor myself could get a wink of si'bp. and rose in . the morning feverish, haogani. and irritable. At toe expiration of a wek I ventured, miidly un-1 persua sively, to represent to my nest door neigh bour that we should toel grateful if he could conveniently accommodate Yixra in his wash- - iiuu.-c- at, uig ice nuii; jn-»ieaa 01 allowing it me range of the garden. Tip to that time we had no reason to speak of him as other than an amiable and polite person, but my reason able request upset hiih at once. Confound it all! ' What had I to' grumble about? .1 shared iu the benefit of being protected from robbers without it costing me one penny to wards the faithful creature's keep ! What more did I want ? - - . - - To this. I made answer that I didn't want as machj even, and that I would prefer tak- ' iug my ri.-k of robbers to. being worried into a brain fever. But to this his uncompliro - e-'tary response was 'Pooh!' and he went in banging his back door. . \- N ightIy,.for another week was the tortnre rr-poated, and then I resolved that I would have no more of it. I purchased a half- p.nnnd of lean and tender steak, aud carrying ir. to a eherifist. with whom I was. acquainted, got- him' to dose . it judiciously with prussic acid.. . ' I don t say that he will never howl again alter h" has shallowed this meal,' remarked the d:spen-er of drugs, grimly. ' He will give you one good one as the last. I daresay. Bat you won't mind that.'. -Between half-past ten and eleven was the time when Vixen was turned lose, and about an hour before, aud while my neighbour was v.itoindoors-ai supper, I got ever the low- ciividing fence at the further end o! the gar den and placed the doctored meat on a cab bage leaf and where my four legged enemy would be sure to discover it. Then I re turned to my own little room, that had a rear ward lookout .from the window, and put on my slippers, and lit my pipe, and kept vin dictive watch for what might happen. : Tt was a moonlight night, and my view of Bumstead's garden was c.-mpJete, so .that w-hefl the_ tragedy, commenced I shonld be able to witness it to the end. But it was not .to be. I had been at' the window not more than Ten minutes, when a startling apparition attracted my watchful eye; There were fields beyond tae palings at the end of the garden, and revealed by the moonlight, there stood a ragged youth looking over that part of them that enclosed Bumstead's premises. Presently he caught .sight of the steak lying on the cabbage leaf, and in an instant leapt the barrier, and, securing the prize, which he thrust in the bosom of Ms dilapidated jacket, leapt back and vanished. I saw it all with perfect distinctness, and could have recognised him again from among a thousand. A lanky; young fellow, with a uviwggy wuoai, ana a long, narrow face, with a large nose of the type known as ' Roman,' and a fiery-red head of hair. .- ' I was so appalled.that for several seconds I could not move from the window. There coulu be no shadow of a doubt as to what the wretched lad. would do with the meat. He would eat it, and swift death would ensue, and X shonld be his murderer ! , In dressing-gown and dippers 1 rushed from the boose, and scaled the lew palinars, and pursued him. But he had a long start! and was at the far end of the second field, . m7 fastest, I haded Mm. - Hi, hi ! my lad, my good lad, pray stop. I wish to speak to you.' Bat the good lad had his reason for de el in in g an interview, and exercised his long legs in such a way that he was speedily out of sight. It was in vain that I kept on for a mile or more. He was gone. In an agonised state of mind I made mv way homeward. I had lost a slipper, and was spa-shed with dirt from neck to heels, panting and perspiring, 1 hoped to be able to .. j-get bacK into the house unobserved, hut it was impossible. My loud outcries when I started in the chase had been besstl in b:ith abodes, and -when I had crossed the fields and arrived at our garden palings, there was my wife and .our servant, and the whole of the Bumstead .family, eager to know what was the matter. , . .'re ,'-1 S4J fke truth, but I told part r? 1 t. ' sai ' seen a fellow climb- ling the pa ings, and had been after biro, but : eouldn t catch him.' Mr. Biiinsiend grinned . knowingly. ' But yet we arc to keep our ; watch -dogs shut up in wash houses, eh?' he . rem-ukcd. ' Not if I know it !' 3 r was a matter of perfect indifference to me alter that where he kept Ms own brute, I menu as regards its preventing toe from sle< piag. Corap>red with what I had to keep me awake now. Vixen's howling and whining ; was a coi)tii-.ig Mliaby. The horrible crime of which I h d inadvertently been guilt v haunted mp both night and day. I was afraid ; even to geek relief in slumber, for, sure as ever i ' dropped off,' though it wag in my1 easy-chair, the prowling vagabond appeared to me, not full of active life as when he fled, but iu ghostly shape, shrouded and pallid, and pointing at me the finger of accusing. I had to go to London daily to attend to my business, but I no longer had any heart for it. My appetite failed me, the hue of health forsook my cheeks, ' I was really ill. My. friends, of course, observed it and my wife insisted on my consulting our doctor. He examined me, and pronounced my ailment to be indigestion. He was right in one sense, but he little knew what it was I could not digest. It would have been a comfort to me if I could in any way have made reparation. The poorfellow dead and gone was beyond reach of earthly belief, but he might have relatives. It did not follow that because he was an out cast wretch, in rags and not over honest, that there was not somebody who loved and cared for him— perhaps who depended on him. An aged mother, maybe, or a younger sister or brother. If I could find out any thing about him and hie belongings, I might at least endeavor to do : some good in this direction. For days and weeks I searched the local newspapers, Dead Body Found ' some account of the hapless red-haired youth, and perhaps of his people who attended at the inquest. - - But nothing of the kind appeared in print, and weeks and months passed, and my bur dened conscience still made my life a misery. At lostmattersbame to a climax. As I have already said, l.had to attend every day to office duties in London, and now and then was detained until such a late hour that the last trains were gone. On such occasions, if the weather was bad, I took a cab, but if the weather was fine, I preferred to walk to save cab fare. This last was the case one night in the early part of the spring of the present' year. My residence being north of Islington and" my place of business in High Holborn, I founa it . convenient to go through certain narrow ways as a short cut to the main road . It was seldom that my victim was out of my mind, but it . happened that . I was not then tMnking about Mm when--the neighbouring church of Clerkenwell had just tolled out twelve o'clock— a ghost appeared to me ! . It was in a dark and dingy street, and without a moment's warning he rose out of his grave, as it were, and confronted me. He was draped, in wMte from head to foot, his form was lank, his face long and narrow, his nose Boman, and his hair fiery-red. I recognised him on the instant with a gasping cry.' I shrank hack, and would have turned and run, bdt my legs refused. I could only back away. from. 'the awful spectre, while, with a Maeous grinning visage, it still came; at me. A kst it spoke : \- 'Don't be : alarmed, guv'nor. Have you got such a thing as a lucifer match to give meP It was not a sepulchral voice, and why he ; wanted a match he indicated in eartMy fash ion by exhibiting a pipe filled with tobacco, but unlit. ' Who ;. who areyou ?' I demanded. ' I works at the bake'us what you just now see me come out of,' replied the ghost". . 'Were you ever— ever at EincMey ?' I ventured. 'I dessay,' he answered lightly, 'I was mooching about a lot. before I came across this here' job at the baker's.' 'But' toll me this. "Did you ever climb a paling at FincHey and steal a piece of steak out of a back garden ?' . . ' Course I did,' he replied, grinning, ' and much good it did me,' ; ' Did you good ! Do you mean to say that yon ate it,, and that- — 4 1 mean to say l didn't eat it,' he inter rupted me, ' I. intended to. There was a chap he run after me, and I got into a barn i to get out of his way, and there I fell asleep, and when I ivoke up, blest ifltlie rats hadn't found my bit of steak and' ate the lot. But you haven't told me whether you have got a lucifer match or not.' . '. I have not got a match,' I exclained, taking him . by both hands in a way that for the moment seemed to. alarm him, 'bat I bave got half -a- crown, and you can buy as many as you please with it. Be kind to rats ever. after toi«, baker, for they saved your life.' . : I believed that he thought I was intoxi cated. So I was, with joy. 1 never walked home more blithely from Holborn to FincMy before or since, and I went to bed and slept like a top, though Bumstead's dog was sing ing the old tune in the back garden. 