THE UNITED MISSIOfl. I THE BBV. J. M'NEILL'S SBETIOES. The United Mission conducted by Bev. J M'Neill and Mr J. H. Burke for some days past was brought to a close at the Albert Hall last evening. There was a large osn gregaUon, numbering about 1400 persons, The ohoir sang a sclectloa, prayer was oaerea, ena ni duu sang a S010, 'come* time we'll understand.' The Bev. C. M. Oherbury offered prayer, and the oongregtlion sang as the oolleotion was being taken up. Mr Burke sang (l Though your sins be aa scarlet.' Mr M'Neill said he and Mr Burke were sorry that their stay was so brief, but they had to prooeed to Melbourne nezc day. He hoped they would remember them and. pray tor them, and. he trusted In seeking their peace some wonld seek their own. They had enjoyed the brief visit very luuvu, »»*« me uvuKicgauouD naa wcd large, althosgh the weather had not been advantageons. He then based a powerful address on the words, Bavelations 22od ohapter 17th verse— 'And the Spirit and the bride say oome, and let him that heareth Bay oome, amd let him that is athiint oome, and whosoever will let him tske the water ot lite freely.' He said he who lacked the water was indeed badly off. He liked the tezt, because it waa the last tezt of tbat sort in the Bible, and that in duced him to dwell on the farewell he was taking of them. There was a pathos about tbe last Gospel text, ' The Bpirit and the btide say oome.' God's last verse. If they did not heed that invitation ihey would be met with the stir t) tag word ' Depart Jbut he would invite them to listen to the invita tion, ' Come/' No man could tell whether the grave would open or the heavens would rend first* They might trifle, but they conld not determine which of thoss calami ties would first come to pasa. There was jaat room tor them to ' come,' but they would need to do so quickly. Jeans did not waste a heedless word ; he did net cay 11 Come to Jesns,' but simply ' oome.' They knew more than enoagh to damn their souIb, and if they did not he would ask them to 'come.' It they would accept that invita tion tbey wonld begla life, tor without it there was nothing* The Holy Ghost wn a great Evangeliser, and His snooess lay largely in His patience, while the evangelists of (he present day had akll tbey could do to guard aijgaifiBt impatience. He wonld exhort them to *' qaench not the Bpirit.' It was the Bpirit who said to them 'Oome.' The patient, barricading arm of the Holy Ghost was up lifted between many of them and hell, and he would ask them not to allow that patient arm to go down, for if they did they would be eternally lost. The Bpirit and the bride invited them that night to come, and he did not know how tbey eould object. Borne of them regarded Christians as a divided people owing to the many different sects, but he wonld ask them not to lose their souls because of theae differences, for ono ot the ohiet arguments the devil used was to whisper to them of those differences exist ing between the Christian religion. They should lift up Jesus Christ as a bride would look up to a husband whom she loved, 'Lot him that heareth' spread the light, hand on the torch. The work was so stupen dous tbat God wonld lend to any tongue that would undertake to convey the mesiage, Christians as a rule did not acoept their responsibility to evangelise, ' Let him that heareth' shine for Christ, and tell othen of His wondrous power, 11 Whosoever will let him take the water ot life freely.' The in vitation was to whosoever was williog, and j It did not require any hot blood to make a I decision; all that wti required was to make ' up the mind and aay *? I will decide for SeBnB.' |£The singing of a hymn and the pro nouncing of the benediotion concluded the ssrvioe. , Mrs A. H, Bowien aeoompanled the sing ing on the large organ. 