PREACHERS AND PREACHING. -^A Paper read by the Rev. W. Clarice before the Stanmore Local Preachers' Meeting , December lfliA, 1893, and published by request.) ( Contimied from last week.) As preachexs we must cultivate the honour of our ' Order ' and guard the door, so that none be allowed to enter who are not worthy to do justice to the work, and are deserving of the exalted position of being preachers of the Word of God, worthy of being brothers, of ranking as ambas sadors for Christ amongst those who are called of God. A man may select a pro fession as a physician, solicitor, engineer, a farmer, or a man of commerce, being guided only by the providential indications that are about him. A man mav ba trained to be a thinker, a debater, a states man, or a mechanic, but he cannot be trained to become a preacher. He may be trained so as to be helped to preach. Preaching is a Divine vocation, and the calling must be of God and not of man.' Before a man should be allowed to enter '' our ' Order ' we ought to be convinced that he has received a call from our Lord Jesus Christ, and that he exhibits those ordinary providential indications of fitness by educa tion and knowledge. God never calls a man to this duty unless he be a man made by the truth and for the truth. ' It pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe.' True ; but not by the preaching ot foolishness. God never- calls a man because he is a scholar and can talk glibly, nor because he knows much truth. Nor does he call a man beoause he is weak or ignorant, for Burely ' if He can do without our knowledge He can do without our ignorance.' Guard your ' Order.' Brethren, the Almighty Saviour has lifted us up in the sight of man, He has given us a commission and has Bent us forth ' to speak all the words of this life ' — Oh what an honour to be selected by the Holy Ghost to preach ' the unsearch able riches of Christ ' — Brethren we may be poor, we may be despised, we may have sorrows, we may be greatly tried, but who would give up his position as a preacher to I be Prime Minister of England — to be called of God to be a preacher — to be Christ's am bassador to the world is the highest and holiest calling of a saint upon ' earth. Jesus is 'THE MESSENGER OF THE COVENANT.' He came to us, as the revealer of God's character in its most sublime aspeot. He is the brightness of the Father's glory, the express image of His person ' — all that God is and all that He is capable of being to man as a God of tender mercy, of ever lasting love. If infinite grace is mirrored ' in the gospel of the glory of Christ' — that was the mission that Christ fulfilled. ' As Thou bast sent Me into the world even so have I also sent them into the world.' The same message which he had received He has delivered unto us to proclaim. ' I have manifested Thy name unto the men Thou gavest Me out of the world.' This then is the message which we have hepxd of Him — that God is light — that God is love — that He is our Saviour and as such . God is life— our life — that life is in His Son. The preacher that ever remarks that he is an ambassador to deliver this message of the Great King will be saved the love of popularity, and originality, and from the tendency of singularity and speculation, if he aims to discharge his duty in the sight of God. Let us realise these three faots, that we have to deliver the message of ' the gospel of the glory of Christ.' ' That we have immortal souls to deal with.' ' That we have above us, always resting upon us, the all penetrating eye of our Lord and Master,' and with these convic tions, let us ever be the mediums of trans mitting in all its convincing force and re fulgent lustre ' the truth as it is in Jesus.' Remember the words, ' Commending our selves to every man's conscience.' Preaching exerts an influence over the conscience. There are many mighty forces ruling in the world, — natural, mechanical, chemical, and intellectual, but there is none to com pare in glory'with that which influences the conscience. This power is the special work of the gospel, it commends itself to the ap proval of the conscience and constrains the acceptance of the truth — it commends itself not to the passions, nor tastes, nor to the prejudices, but to the conscience. Some translate the words, ' Every conscience of men/ — that is to the conscience of the most depraved as well as to the conscience of the most righteous — to the most demoralized as to the most religious, to the most prejudiced as to the most enlightened — to the rich and to the poor — the civilized and barbarian — bond and free — wise and unwise — ascetic and profligate — the accomplished royalist and the unrefined democrat. I am sure the more fully we regard ourselves as PERSONAL MESSENGERS, to deliver the message of a personal Saviour, the less we shall resort to any worldly policy or carnal wisdom to secure success in our work. ' Therefore, seeing we have this ministry, as we have received mercy, we faint not, but have renounced the hidden things of dis honesty, not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully.' The zealous propagators and supporters of some ' causes' scruple not to practice all manner of artifices to further their views and se cure their end. Now this method of working, call it ' policy, or 1 pious frauds,' the Apostle utterly repudiates — he would not further the cause, he had so much at heart by resorting to crafty means which too many resort to in our day. Such a method was utterly beneath the lofty character of the cause St. Paul sought to promote, and was in the highest degree repugnant to his holy nature. ' Not handling the Word of God deceitfully,' i.e., not adulterating ' the message ' with human traditions and philosophies, Jewish or Gentile, scientific or political, to make it, as many in our day do, more palatable to the worldly and prejudiced minda of the community. To pursue our work by such a course would be as incongruous as to bring light out of darkness. Our methods must be most emphatically free from all manner of double-dealing; it must be open and evident. We must avoid all suspicion of seeking to save men without oonvinoing their judgment and awaking their conscience, or of carrying away their feelings by false attempts after effect. The Saviour says that he who bears fruit receives the Word and understands it. All efforts of producing feelings without enlightening the understanding and convincing the conscience is to walk in craftiness and to perpetuate pious frauds which degrade our work in the eyes of all right- thinking and godly men. Looking at ourselves as AMBASSADORS appointed to deliver a message the less then shall we discuss Christianity as a problem, and the more definite will be our proclamation of the message that Christ is the Saviour, the Saviour of all men. There may be at times necessity for disoussion, but discussions are not the work which the great Apostolio Preacher did ; nor are discussions the true ideal of preaching which the true preacher always most delights in. Should anyone feel called upon to defend the faith it is not for me to say that he should not, but I will say that it is bad for a church when the preachers preach about Christianity rather than preach Christ, To set Christ forth to men so that they shall know and love Him because he first loved them is better, far better, than merely to enlighten the mind. Variety, both in the matter and in the form of the sermon is allowed and expected. Yet in these there are limits which we shall be careful not to overstep. We must follow St. Paul whon he said, ' I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, and that He was buried and that He rose again the third day ac cording to the Scriptures.' We should never be afraid to bring the glorious mysteries of our faith — Christ's life, death, and resurrection, to ;the commonest and humblest of congre gations. There are some preachers who keep them for great emergencies, and aim to soothe common sorrows, and rebuke common sins with lower considerations. We should not hesitate to bring the sub limest notice to the smallest duty — and the most infinite comfort to the smallest trouble. St. Paul confined his preaching to those subjects which find' their root and germ in Christ crucified, and these he would not preach with ' wisdom of words,' lest the cross of Christ be made of none effect, lest human rhetoric displace the divine mes senger and mar the message. AN AWFUL TALENT. Few men can boast of strong natural genius — genius is an awful talent, I mean awful in its responsibility. It is a remark able power given to a few, but genius must work and read and think, and must con tinue to do so or he will be left behind the men who have not his gifts, but are men of hard labour and of indefatigable application We must read and think to-day just the same as when we oommenced our career as preachers. How many who gave great promise of success when they started as preachers have failed, and have failed from the simple fact that they have to think ? They rely on their first labour, they are satisfied with preaching their old sermons hashed up, which are dull to themselves, but duller yet to their hearers. Brethren we must read, we must study, and we ought to vary our preaching according to circumstances. I do not think that the same kind of preach ing will answer to every period of our life. The enemies of our Lord to-day are not like the enemies encountered when we began to preaoli. We have different foes and enemies to meet. There are great waves of public opinion which roll over the colony. We must be prepared for them, we must be ready to co-operate with the spifit of the Lord to lift up a standard against these enemies of gambling, drunken ness, dishonest}', lying and uncleanness that sweep along like a flood. The great outlines of truth are the same, yet our topics and our modes of address must be suitable to our audiences. Many an excellent effort has been lost, and will yet be lost I because it is not suited to the congregation i I said just now that there must be diversity, yet there is a limit even to this, a limit which we must be careful not to overstep, i We must bring everything to the foot of the i cross, for the whole object of preaching is to winsoulsfor Christ. We must beware 'of aim ing at nothing and hitting it.' The moment we forget the great objects that moment we get on dangerous ground, but the more we labour with the view of bringing souls to Christ, the more we may rely on the bless of God. St. Paul ' coased not to warn everyone night and day with tears.' We must never hesitate to let our tears , flow, provided that we weep, as Jesus wept over the sorrows and the ruin of the City. We' must never attempt to 'weep or whine just for the sake of effect aa the ' actor' does — but weep, if we do weep, because of the iesolntions of Zion, and at the misery of the enemies of the cross. We must be also pro gressive preachers if we are to improve in our preaching. {To be continued .) 