THE PUBLIC FINANCES. FREE EDUCATION THREATENED. Una Pnbho balanea Bill was returned to the House of Assembly on Tuesday, the Legisla tive Council not insisting upon the amendment to further reduce the salaries of members of jFarliament. Upon tno whole the Budged debate, which waa continued and again adjourned, was interesting, The tono waa nob particularly gratifying to the Ministry, and the frienda of frua education were disturbed by uotios of the serious aStaak whioh will ba inade upon that priaciph shortly. Whether to reduce their salaries for one year by £2, 10d. or £10 waj the question which agitated members of Che Upper House. A ior&nighs; since the Council resolved that the larger aruouut shculd be- takan off, bufe the Assembly would noo a^ree to dock mcuibera more than £'J 10i. Moss of the Legislative Councillors entered into tha discussion yester day. The Eon. B. Ward told members looking particularly towards the Lsbour representatives — that they possessed special Advantages in having free railway passes, and in having the run of a fine and almost frea club — Parliament House. The Labour members replied that though they used the free passes to insi;-tos the cauairy they wore by doing so involved in other expenses. They argued tha: the amendment was a thrust at tho principle of payment of members, but this wu doniea by nienibi-rs on the other tide of the Council. Two or three conditional liieM of self-rsaunciaSion were made, but ihe conditions sppnar to be safe. Mr. Ward got ia a second speech, during the oour3B o? which lie reckoned the valua of the free railway pass and of tha club privi leges afforded by Parliament House (library, bathroom, smoking ? rootn3, raadintc-rooms, attendants, ie.), ail free, at £200 a year. The member for Grampzs enlarged on his theme. 'Perhaps.' he said, 'sums members did not know that there waa a freo bathroom, with cold ao.d hoj water, attendants, and plenty of clean towels and seap, all free. Members could nee the baths at anytime.' TheHou. A. II. AddiaoD, evidently with a bygone episode in mind interjected, 'And leave the water running.1' Members looked towards Mr. Ward, and the Chief Suoretwy asked, ' Who did ii ?:1 to whioh the speaker replied, 'It doe.' not matter who did it. If the maohinory waa ou6 of order aud the tap would not work it was not tha member's fauit.' Tha fact that four members announced that they would not par sist in supporting tha amendment caused charges of sincerity ta be blnntly made, but Mr. Ward reauhsd to poetical heights to meet the occasion when ho said that Mr. Ruaaetf had proved himself to be the possessor of one of tha attributes of beautiful charming woman— Variable as tho shido By the light quivdriu j a 'pen mada By 11 votes to 8 io was decided that salaries should bs reduced by only £2 10a. The Bill is now ready for tho approval of the Governor. The Vermin Bill as received from the Assembly was launched upon its seoond reading voyage by the Chief Secretary on Tuesday. The debate will be resumed by the Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin on Thursday. For two hours less ten minutes Mr, Mouls, from an Opposition aspect, discussed the Budget, ambling for tha most part over troddan ground. He excited a tinge of enthu siasm by lecturing tha Government for somor aaolting into the policy of thwir predecessors. Mr. Koweoheered him on at this point, re marking. 'You have goS them there, John.' Eut 'John'1 did not find any one to barrack him when he taunted the Labour party with havicg been sold. Mr. Price considered that the Labour party ought to be gratified in having got rid of Mr. Moule, and assured him that unless he shaped better he would not return to office, Mr. Moule chastised tho Labour members for using railway p&Baes; to iniluenoe elections io another colony. Mr. Pried resorted that Mr. Moule had used his pan for the purpose of private business. Mr. Moule claimed that the Labour party were trying to shift the burden of taxation from the artisan to the farmer. Mr. HoPherson said that would not go down even on the West Coisfc, but Mr. Moule thought it would go down aii the next elec tion, whereupon Mr. Kingston punningly remarked that Mr. Mould would go do?/n then. The member for Flinders, who dis dained to enter into a personal controversy, concluded with a pithy sketch of a policy for South Australia, the moac important feature being a prompt seBtlement on a permanent basis of the vexed taxation question in order to restore ooufidenct. Tha learned member for Stanley, Mr. E. W. Hawker, made & very interesting statistical contribution so the debate, though pitched in the minor k«y o? his Colonial Inatitute speech. He protested against dishonest financing. Hia figures were suggestive of a serious finan cial position. Mr. Bi-eokar suggested that (be bondholders should reduce the interest. Mr. Hawker observed that to break tha contract waa repudiation. Mr. Mol'hersou laughingly interjected something about reconstruction. The Labour leader being taken to task for speaking lightly cu the matter explained that be had not recommended reconstruction. A rift in the clouds was the probability of a rise in the wool market. We should pro bably ha?a to go for a property tax. During the half - honr address of Mr. Hawker his venerable father was a- most) interested listener. At 4.40 Mr. Griffiths, tho youngest member of the House, discovered ch&t; the more serious the financial position the less it should be dia cusaed. The Whip of the Country uarty, while approving of Government taxation pro posals and ecouomi&s;, objected iu vigorous terms to extravagant expenditure on works like the Laku Bonntsy and railway schemes. He intendod to attempt reduction in the eduoation vote of £30,1)00, because the un married aud childless did not gefi a direct advantage. As j»n earnest of his crusade against frea education he gave a disquisition on 'ghosts,' being i» saries of dissolving views on tha question from ' Hansard' of members. The interjections showed Shut the bold young man would not have an e^,y task, but be took oomfort in poetry :— I honour the man who ia ready to sink Half his present reputa for the freedom to think, And Trheii be has thought, bt- his cause strong or weak, Will risk t'other laif for tho freedom to speak, Caring not for what vengeance ibe mob has ia itor«, Let that mob he the upper ten thousand or lower. Mr. Butler took up arms for the Ministry at a quarter to 0', aud the Premier appeared duly grateful for a tardy recognition of merit in the management of the finances. The Labour party received a crumb of consolation iu the statement that tha went of confi'iaace was on the part not of tlw fanner:), lias o! city capita lists. 'Ib comes to the isainj thing— tho farmers oannot pet capital to carry on opera tions,' oommen.cd Sir John Downer. Mr. MoPherson drow another inference— ' It is the moaopolistfl who Kre preventing the prosperity of the colony.' Although Mr. Butlor proved the best r.polo;;isc for tha Treasurer tha debate has produced, the Opposition wew not deprived of opjwrtunities to cheer. The lion, member, who pointed out that South Australia was still tho lou-eat taxed of all the oolonitu, indicated that he was wrestling with taxation problems. At a quarter-past G Mr. MoPtierjon induced the Government to report progress, and the House adjourned. In the Council to-day tho Hon. J. L. Stirling will move— 'Tint it id desirable that the Pastoral Act of lf-M ba amended with a view to ofForinp such teruui to psstoral lessens as will lead to the occupation of pastoral Crown lands, and that «hu Chief Secretory be requested to take steps to have an amending Bill introduced without delay.' The Hon. Dr. Campbell will continue the debate on the Surveyors Bill, and if there is time the Adult Suffrage Bill will be taken up in Committee again. In the Assetably to-day Mr. Solomon will BeeK leave to introduce a Bill amending the Northern Territory Crown Linda Aet, and Mr. Caldwall move for a mineral examination of the north- western portions of tho province. The House will be aaked by Mr. Archibald to give the Judges ample employment for learning and leisuro with an order to codify the lawi of South Australia. Mr. Griffiths will ssk for an additional duty upon im ported cemitnt, and Mr. Price request that the Government forthwith pro ceed to construct tha main drains in conneotion with the southern suburban drainage system. The first Order of the Day is Mr. Grlfiths's motion for a reduction of the education vote by £5i),000. Theu come idjoumed debates about colonial reciprocity, reduction of Ministerial salaries, Government loans on real estate, limitation of holdings, Arthur Select Committee, land tax arrears, and graviqg dock. Mr. Caldwell has a ques tion (or to-morrow about the destruction cf m»gpiegandother interesting birds by poisoned wheat distributed for sparrows. On Tuesday the Government will *;k the House to sanc tion the purchase of lands in Booyooii* and Adelaide for blookers. Next week I&te; fittings will begin. 