Sir Anthony's Secret Or, A FALSE POSITION. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY ADELINE SERGEANT. AUTHOR OF "THE GREAT MILL- STREET MYSTERY," "JACOBI'S WIFE," ." UNDER FALSE PRE-. TENCES," "NO SAINT," "A LIFE SENTENCE," "DEVERIL'S DIA- MOND," &c.;, &c.; [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XX— (Continued.) " Ah, then, there is something which we might have been told," said the girl, looking at him wistfully ; " and Sir Anthony was afraid that we should hear it. I know now." She moved away to put the letter in a safe place, and Henry was left alone, meditating on the words that had been said. He was still alone when a hur- ried, imperative little knock came to the sitting-room door, and in answer to his " Come in," Lady Betty made her appearance. " Is Elfie here ? Oh, I have such news — such delightful news for her !" " Not for me too ?" " Oh, yes, I know you will be inter- ested. But it is more interesting to frivolous girls than to men," said Betty, in her coaxing flattering way, as she stood smiling blithely, with — all the same— a touch of the softest pity in her eycs. " Therefore I ought to tell it to Elfie first." " It is a party or a new frock," said Henry, as if speaking confidentially to the wall. Then, turning again to Lady Betty: "Elfie is in her room. She will be here directly. But you can't wait until she comes, you know. Relieve your heart and tell me now." " Well, you're right, I can't wait, and I won't. Sir Anthony has pro- mised to give a fancy ball; Lady Kesterton tried to make him say no ; but he insisted. And it is to be while we are here — three weeks on Thurs- day; that will be the eleventh of De- cember — we are going to stay all that time !" " The eleventh !" said Henry. "Ah, that is the day before Elfrida's birth- day." " Is it really ? How delightful ! It is all the more appropriate. Be- cause, you know l am rather a favorite of Sir Anthony's, and I always flatter myself that I can wheedle him out of anything; so on this occasion I got him to show me some dear old books in the library, and then I got him to talk about the ball and about Elfrida. I said, you know, how pretty she was, and what a shame it was that she should not get any fun, and he quite agreed with me. So we laid a little plot " "You did, you mean ! " " Well, I did; but he is my accom- plice. And Elfie is to come to the ball, and I may arrange her dress for her ; only he wants her to be dressed like the Lady Elfrida in the picture gallery— I have often fancied I saw a sort of resemblance, and he says he sees it too. And here is the key of the old press in the corner of the picture gallery. He says he believes that Lady Elfrida's very dress is in that press, and Elfie may wear it if she pleases." She ran off to find her friend, dang- ling the key on one of her slender fingers as she ran ; and Henry, again left alone, knitted his brows with a sensation, half of bewilderment, half of fear. Was the matter quite so simple as it seemed to Lady Betty ? Was there any reason why that particular day — the eve of Elfrida's twenty-first birth- day—should have been chosen for a grand ball, in which she was to appear in the costume of a celebrated Kesterton beauty of the time when George the Third was king ? Sir Anthony was not a man to concern himself about trifles, save for an exceedingly good reason. Why should he aid and abet Lady Betty Stormont in tricking Elfie out; in bor- rowed raiment, and by so doing pro- bably bring down Lady Kosterton's heaviest wrath upon her head. There seemed to Henry, in spite of his habit of looking on the sunniest side of things, something sinister, something ominous, in this mode of proceeding. It was, of course, easily conceivable that Sir Anthony did not know that the twelfth of December was Elfrida's birthday, and that the date of the ball had nothing to do with her at all ; but Henry's line and sensitive organi- sation had begun to perceive the pre- sence of a threatening something in the air — a mystery, a catastrophe, he knew not what, but something vaguely amiss ; and he was trying in all pos- sible ways to account for the presenti- ment that troubled him more than he would have liked to allow. Troubled him, because he had found more than once that it had been fol- lowed by disaster. A chronic invalid is somotimes more conscious than healthy people of the approach of disease, or death or misfortune. And perhaps Henry had inherited a touch of the clairvoyant faculty which his grandmother was rumored to have brought in ancient days almost to the point of divination and prophecy. Elfrida came in presently with flushed cheeks and shining eyes ; she had had her conference with Betty, and no premonitions of evil disturbed her mind. She was young, pretty, ready for enjoyment ; and the pros- pect of appearing, beautifully dressed, at a ball — where perhaps she would be found worthy of admiration in the eyes of the one man whose opinion she cared for — this prospect was truly alluring to her. " Betty has told you ?" she said. " Yes." He forced himself to smile. "When are you going to investigate the treasures of the press?" This afternoon. It is Saturday, you know. Betty and I will dress up and exhibit ourselves for your benefit. Nearly everybody will be out — there is some great occasion in Southborough, and all the people are driving over to meet Royalty ; so we shall have the place to ourselves." " Undisturbed by vagrant men," commended Henry, with a rather mis- chievous look. " Even Philip and his bosom friend have gone to the fete, I suppose." "I suppose so. At least I don't know what you mean by Philip's bosom friend," said Elfie, rather con- sciously. But she did not stay to hear the name ; she knew well enough that it was Lord Beaulieu whom Henry meant. " What stores of things for dress- ing up sighed Lady Betty that afternoon as Terry and Elfrida helped her to ransack the two oak chests of old, forgotten garments, which were stowed away in dim corners of the picture gallery. " One would think they had never been routed out for fifty years or more." "Dear heart, but they are musty !" said the somewhat disgusted Terry. "And they'll want airing before you young ladies put them on." "They are strong of camphor and lavender, and sandal-wood, and all sorts of nice things," said Elfrida. " I don't mind the mustiness one bit. What a delicious brocade ! Look at it, how it shimmers ! Now if I could wear that!" "Wait a minnte," said Lady Betty, with rather an intent look at the brocade. " Let me look at something here — yes, it is as I thought. Elfie, that's the very identical pattern ; you have hit on Lady Elfrida's own brocade !" Elfrida ran to the picture : it was one that startled and repelled her at first, and then drew her with a singular charm. The likeness that she recog- nised, without fully comprehending, had a curious effect upon her. But at this moment she looked at the brocade rather than at the delicate, listening face ; and then she smiled with plea- sure. "Yes," she said, in rather a low voice, " it is the very same." " And here is some lace," said Lady Betty eagerly. "Now run away to your own room and try the things on, Elfie ; that is the brocade, and here — : oh, here is the rose-colored satin petti- coat. You will be quite perfect, if the dress fits I must come with you, and Terry too." And so it happened that as the dusk of the autumnal day was gather- ing, Philip Winyates, entering the picture-gallery on his way to visit Henry, found himself confronted by a bravely clad fantastic figure, that looked as if it had stepped straight out of the frame of the picture near which it stood. It was Elfrida, who had been left there for a minute while Lady Betty ran back to her room for some for- gotten ornament ; arid the old- fashioned dress so much increased her likeness to the painted Lady Elfrida of 1785 that Philip could not repress a sudden start. "Is it really you, Elfrida ?" "Me, or a ghost,", she answered, laughing rather tremulously; for there was something in the likeness between herself and the dead woman whose clothes she wore which rather weighed upon her nerves. " "What do you think of it ?" "It is curiously like,'' murmured Philip, with a strange sort of appre- hension in his eyes. "Yes, is it not? Of course the dress makes one look so like the pic- ture. You see we found it all; the rose-colored petticoat and the brocade saque — cream-colored, embroidered with differently shaded flowers, arid rose-colored knots of ribbon. Lady Betty is trying to find some pearls.; for me; you see she wears a pearl necklace in the picture ; and then I shall be — perfect." " You are that already," Philip whispered. There was a queer little thrill of admiration, of longing, of suppressed emotion, in his voice. Perhaps Elfrida did not notice it; perhaps she refused to attend; at any rate, she went on tranquilly. " And of course I shall have to have my hair powdered. It is for the fancy ball you know ; but you must not tell anybody, Mr. Winyates : it is to be a secret. Have the other people come back yet? If so, I must go away." " No, nobody will, be at home for the next hour or two, I left early. But where did you get the dress, if you don't mind my asking ? ' Sir Anthony wishes me to wear it. He sent the key of the oak chest by Lady Betty, to see if we could find it." She turned again to the picture and contemplated it steadily. Perhaps she did not altogether want to observe the expression of utter bewilderment which was making itself visible on Philip's features. " You should go as Montrose, or Strafford, or Charles I," she went on quietly. " You have their cast of countenance." "I hope I am not quite so unfortu- nate as they," he said, with a laugh. He was trying to recover from his surprise. She glanced at him slightly. "There are many ways of being un- fortunate," she said, pulling at one of her lace frills, and wondering where Betty could be ; " and you have certainly a rather tragic kind of face—— " "Belied by my history." "I don't know." She gave him a keener look than before. "You know there are tragedies in the lives of most people — failures of hope, of aspiration and effort, which are not written out in plain hand. But you bear more traces of a history than most people." "And pray what is my failure, or my tragedy?" said Philip, a little piqued. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 