CO3aB3GSPOJS[]0]GHCE= Answers to Questions. [Notice.— Pastoral, Agricultural, and Veterinary Ques tion? are answered in the Agricultural Columns. Questions relating to sporting matters receive attention in the Sport ing Columns.] ' ' Dklta (Walgett) auks: 'What is the daily flow of an artesian bore, the water of which rises 18} inches perpen dicularly out of a 6in. pipe ? ' The. daily flow would be 850,00(teals. Mjneb (Dundee).— Oil of rhodium can be obtained from Messrs. Washington Soul and Co., druggists, Pitt-street. The price is Cs 6d per ounce. . Eeply to other question next week. B. M. (Carcoar).— A fair speed for junior shorthand writers is from 120 to 140 words per minute ; seniors from 160 to 180 words per minute. Some attain to even greater skul than this. A. B. (Eyletone).— Messrs. Lassetter and Co., George street, have had left-handed sheep ehears, but will not have any in stock until the season next year. Further information next week. Keadee (Tomington).— In the Sydney Mail of this date, in another column, you will find an article dealing with ' Tides and Tidal Wares,' which will giye you all the information you require. X- T. Z., asks : .'Is it legal for a (.elector in debt to trans fer his selection and stock orerto his wife?' Yes, hut the transfer cannot defeat the creditors' just claims, and no transfer should be made when a man is practically insol vent. Kasgahoo (Cannonbar}.— The proportions, are : — One part of QuibeU'8 sheep-dip to GO parts of water. This is ' for mange, fleas, lice, &c;, in dogs. The solution should be well rubbed in with a brush or sponge. It does not hurt the eyes of the dog. . ... Ivquibeb (Narrandera).— The calculation of the tank oan , not be utiflirhiiran. The problem is too complicated, and the data insufficient. It is suggested that the question should be referred to a professional surveyor or engineer, who would personally ascertain all the details necessary for the calculation. Rei Paves. — Your poem is not devoid of merit; but it has '. the faults of * novioe, and is written ia a very mournful key. The sketch, or rather shall we call it a dream, is better— it is a fairly good literary production ; but like the poem, dreadfully mournful in tone, and not at all suited to a newspaper. Both are reposted. T. H. B. asks : ' A man {deceased) was insured for £1000. Can his creditor* participate in this, or can his wife and children claim it ? He died without making a will.' A policy of two years' duration is protected to the extent of £300 ; a policy of five years' duration to the extent of £600; a policy of seven years' duration to the extent of J1000 ; and .a policy of 10 years', duration to the extent of £2000. Tfle policy must hare been effected by the deceased on bis own life, bona-lide. FitBEB (Balmain).— Souecd flsh : Cut your fish into two or three pieees, according io its size; lay it on a piedish and nearly tsover it with .vinegar. Add bay leaten, a chilli, seme whole pepper, some ealt, and a email bit of butter the sue of a walnut. Cover it with * plate or dish, and , cook in a moderate oren for one hour or so. Let it re main till cold. Ksh that has been boiled and has re mained cold can also be used in much the tame way by picking it all off the bones, taking care not to break it up in doing so ; nearly cover with vinegar ; add the Bameiflavouring, &c;, and put in the oven for a quarter of an hour or so, and let it stand till cold. JjiQuiBEtt.— l. In order to become a solicitor ft is necessary to pass the matriculation examination, and then serve fire years' clerkship (or three years if you graduate) to a solicitor, and pass the necessary law examinations during clerkship. 2. To be admitted to the Bar, it is first necessary to be admitted as a student at law by passing the Second Tear Arts exam, or an exam, in (1) latin, (2) Euclid, (3) Algebra, (4) History, (5) Greek or Logic or French. During the next three yean it is necessary to pass two exams, in law. In this case one can follow any occupation when studying f or the Bar. Particulars regarding text books, subjects, &c;, can be given if required. Z. M. C. (Warren).—]. The Union Steamship Company of New Zealand rim steamers from Sydney to Ly Melton (nearest port to Ckristehurch, which is six miles inland). . The return fare ticket, good for three months, via Auck land is £12, and via Wellington £9 10s. The above are the ordinary fares, but at intervale there are excursion steamers at much cheaper rates. For information re specting the dates of these excursion trips, some of which are very soon, you should communicate with the manager of the Company, 15 Bridge-street. 2. Special cheap ex cursion train leaves Nevertire on Thursday, 26th October, at 3.19 p.m. The fares to Sydney are 48s first-class re turn, and 24s second-class return. Babtie Frebe (Queensland).— On .12th March, 1868, the Duke of Edinburgh (Prince Alfred) was shot at Clontarf , Middle-Harbour, near By duey. OTarrell, the intended assassin, who sjiot the Prince, was executed for the offence on 21st April, 1868. The origin of the ' Kiama Ghost' or mystery was as follows ? — Fenianism sraa rife at that timer Shortly after the attempted assassination of Prince Alfred, Sir Henry Parkes (then Mr. Earkes), when delivering a speech at Kiama, insinuated or asseve rated that there was an extensive Fenian plet against the British throne, of which he was aware, but the particu ?' lars of which could not be divulged. Nothing:', ever came of the matter,' but Sir Henry was Eub&equently; twitted in the House respecting the V Kiama Ghost,' as a facetious member termed this plot. Tamworth.— 1. For information on the question of bi metallism see reply to G. A. C. in another part of this column. The partial failure of the Latin Monetary . Union to preserver international coinage ought not to : prejudice the case of a bimetallic union like that pro \- posed by the United States. The Latin Union proposed in 1863 and accomplished in 1868 was essentially a treaty between certain countries (France, Belgium, Italy, Switzerland) for an identical coinage (apart from the mere stamp) to be received as legal tender in each s country. It was only accidentally bimetallic, ' and no special provision was made for the unlimited' coinage of either gold or silver. 2. Yes, the Triple Alliance con sists of the countries you mention. 8. Your lost ques tion is answered by the explanation already given as to the relation of silver to gold. , BusmtAK.— The following is the manner of making oilcloth oroiiskun, which was at one period a mystery. The process fa now well understood, and is equally simple and useful:— Dissolve some good resin or lac over the fire in drying linseed oil, till the resin is dissolved and the oil brought to the thickness of a baleam. If this be spread upon canvas, or any other linen doth, so* as fully to drench and entirely to glaze it over, the cloth, if then Buffered to dry thoroughly, will be quite impenetrable to wet of every description. This varnish may either be worked by itself or with some colour added to it; as ver digris for a green, umber for a hair colour, white lead and lampblack for a grey, indigo «nd white for a light blue, &c.; To give the colour you have only to grind it with the last coat of varnish you lay on. You must be as careful as possible to lay on the varnish equally in all parts. Cbakx (SydneyJ.T-Theosophy, according to its etymology, is ' the science uf divine things.' But the pf-™? ' tbeoeophistfl' has generally been .applied to persons ?who, in their inquiries after God, have run' ipto mysti cism, as Jacob Bohme, fiwedenborg, St. Martin, and others. At tbe present day the term is applied to flic tends of the Theosophiesl Society, founded in New York in 1875 by a Col. Olcott, the objects of which are to form a nucleus of- a universal brotherhood of humanity, to promote the study of Eastern literature and science, and chiefly to investigate unexplained laws of nature and physical powers of man. and generally the search after '. divine knowledge— divine applying to tbe divine nature of the abstract principle, not to the quality of a personal God. The Theosophiets aeecrt that humanity is pos sessed of certain powers over nature which the narrower study of nature from the merely materialistic standpoint has- failed to develop. The leadens are Olcott,' A. P. Bunnett, and Madame Blavateky, ut^AmericaB-Rossian. Their so-called occult manifestations ore akin to those attributed to epirttualismor telepathy; thatie, communi . cation between minds at a distance from eaoh otter. Busticcs (Btvenna).— The following will probably suit your purpose .-—Varnish for waterproof goods : Let }lb. of India rubber (in small pieces) aoftcn in Jib. of oil of turpentine, then add 2lb. boiled oil, and let the whole boil for two hours over a Blow coal fire. When dissolved, add again 6lb. boiled linseed oil and lib. litharge, and boil until an even liquid is obtained. itfrsppUeffwann, andionn* awarterproof coating, Watanproofitig linen or calico i$ «fco; done as follows, and u the manner in wbfeb MftfishccmsA do eoate «bA brains* :— 'Whatever the article is, let it be stretched on arable. Make very tfaick paint of whatever colour is wished (an invisible green is pahaps as good es any). Take a large lump of cenuBom mown soap, pratfer freshly «ut from a bar, in tte left hand, and enervt≠ you rerienieh tte brush with paint rub well on Hie soap, and take np as much, as possible, and rub well on one surface of the caUooor linen. It wfll take long to do, and should be hung in the windiest place you can find. Summer is tbe beet time, but a month win see it in very usable order, and you will have as supple and waterproof a garment as paint can make. After wearing a few times, a second coat would be advisable, which will dry in half the time. Cajjp-ovek (Madeay).— There are several ways of water proofing boots and ehoea. 1. Apply to the Rides as much copal varnish as they will absorb, and castor oil to the uppers. The castor oil does not prevent .subsequent blacking. 2. loz. beeswax, gox. suet, 2oz. olive oil, §oz. lampblack. Melt tbe wax and suet in tbe oil, add ths lampblack, and stir till cool. Warm the shoes and rub m the compound. 3. Warm the boots by tiie fire, and then rub in panflin wax. It is, however,- apt to soil the stockings by being melted out by the beat of the feet. A. saturated solution of paraffin wax in cold naphtha, applied cold, is perhaps better. 4. Mix together in a Eipkin, on a fire, two parts tallow to one of resin, and, aving thoroughly warmed the boots, apply it, melted, with a painter's brush till they wfll not soak in any more. If the boots are well polished before applying tie mix ture they will polish afterwards. 6. Take about one gill of Macintosh's indiarubber waterproofing solution; dissolve' it in two gills raw linseed oil, adding the oil to the solution gradually. With this liquor paint the boots, giving as many coats, at intervals of six or eight hours, to the leather as it will take in, which may be as many as 10 or 12. The prepared leather takes a brilliant polish. Mahatma (Cooma;.— 1. The Small Debts Court has no jurisdiction where the debt or claim shall hare arisen more than three years before the issuing' of the summons, unless there has been in writing an acknowledgment of, or promise to pay the same within that period. The fact of a debtor contracting a debt in one district, and re \- moving to another, does not relieve him of his liability. \- The removal by any defendant from one jurisdiction to another does not prevent any plaintiff proceeding against such defendant in the jurisdiction where such, defendant may happen to be resident at the time of issuing execn . tion, and it is lawful for the bailiff, or his deputy, of any court of petty sessions, to take such defendant into custody, or to dispose of his goods in like manner as if he had been a resident of the district in which judgment was recovered against him. You had better consult the local clerk of petty sessions. 2. It is thought that, after sending in your card to a solicitor on tbe first occasion, and there should be a probability of a number of busi ness visits, it would not be necessary to send in a card any more, but merely announce your name to the mes senger. 3. You had better write to L. H. Bholl, Under secretary, King William-street, Adelaide. He could give you all the information you require re employment of ladies in the Civil Service. 4. The fares from Sydney to Adelaide by the Adelaide Steamship Company's line are :— Saloon single, £3 10s ; return, £6. Steerage, £1 6s each way. By the A.U.S.N. Company's line the fares are {by the large boate) : Single saloon, £3 10s ; return, £6 ; steerage, £1 6s. By the small boats : Single saloon, £2 15s; return, £4; Bteerage, £1 each way. By Messrs. Howard Smith's line the fares are : Single saloon, £2 15s; return, £i; steerage, £1. Busy 33kb.— Mushroom ketchup (or catsup) is more highly esteemed and more generally useful than any other. It is best when made of tbe Urge mushroom flaps, fully ripe, fresh, and perfectly dry— that is, gathered during dry weather. If this point is not attended to the ketchup wul not keep. Do not wash or skin the mushrooms, but carefully remove any decayed, dirty, or worm-eaten por tions; cut off about half an inch from the end of the stalks, then break the rest into small pieces, put them into an earthen jar, and strew three-quarters of a pound of ealt amongBt Seal, of mushrooms, scattering the larger portion over the top, Let them remain all night, and the next day stir them gently with a wooden epoon, and repeat this three times a day for two days. At the end of that tima put the jar into a cool oven for half-an-hour, ' then strain the liquid which flows from them through a coarse cloth, and let it boil for a quarter of An hour. Do not squeeze tbe mush rooms.- To every quart of the liquid put a quarter of an ounce each of Jamaica pepper and black pepper, and a . drachm of mace. Boil again until the quantity is reduced one-half. Pour it out and let it stand until cool, then put it into perfectly dry bottles, being careful to leave the \- sediment, which will have settled at the bottom, undis turbed. Resin the corks or the bladder over them, and keep them in a cool, dry, place. The liquid .will have a better appearance if it is strained through a tamis after being poured from the sediment. If liked, two or three drops of brandy may be put into each pint of ketchup. It is well to use small bottles, so that the liquid may not be long kept after it has been exposed to the air. There are several other ways of making mushroom ketchup, and one or two of them, of common ketchup, but it would be well if all housekeepers purchased a copy of 'Cassell's Dictionary of Cookery.' Testatob (Shoalhaven).— If you want to find a will that was proved before January 1, 1858, the date on which the Court of Probate Act came info operation, it is best to search first— if the testator was a man of substance— the index to the wills proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, which is kept at Somerset House. Failing this, the will is probably to -be found in tbe registry of the district in which it was proved. The wills proved prior to 1898 were all distributed among the district registries when these institutions came into existence. To find a will proved since 1658 is a simpler task. It must have been proved either at the Principal Registry at Somerset House or in the registry of the disbjet in which the testator lived. In the former case the original will itself is carefully: preserved at Somerset House, the copy of which probate has been granted is in the hands of the executors who proved tbe will, and another copy for Parliament is bound up in a folio volume of wills made by testators of that- initial and date ; the indices to these volumes fill a room of considerable size at Somerset House, which is freely open to the publio. In tbe latter case, the original will, proved in the district registry, is there kept, but a copy is sent to, and filed at, Somerset House, and may there be seen. Any will may be read by anybody who is ready to pay a search-fee of one shilling; but the reader may not copy any part of the will except the names and addresses of tbe executory, and the date and private number of the will. If be desires a copy he can order one to be made, for which he will pay according to the length of tbe will, at the rate of 6d per folio (90 words) for an ordinary copy, and 9d a folio for a certified copy, which, with is stamp impressed thereon, can bepro . duced and read in any court of law. You had better communicate with the Eegistrar of the Ecclesiastical Court, Somerset House, London, giving him details of what you require. Housewife.— 1. Cucumbers, preserved (an excellent sweet meat for dessert) : Choot-c cucumbers that are young, fresh, and nearly free- from seeds, split them, cut the pieces across, take out the seeds ; and lay them for three days in brine strong enough to bear an egg. Put over them a cabbage leaf or vine leaves to keep them down, and place a cover over the pan. At the end of that time take them out, wash them in cold water, and set them on the fire with cold water and a tiny lump of alum. As the water heats, keep adding a little more, until the cucumbers are a bright green, which they ought to be in a short time, and if they are not change the water again, and let them heat as before, but they must not boil. Drain them, and when cod . pour over them a syrup, made by boiling a quart of water, a stick of cinnamon, loz. of ground ginger, and lib. of loaf sugar for every pound of cucumber. Boil Hie cinnamon and ginger in the water for an hour, then drain it, and add the sugar, and boil' to a thick syrup. Let the cucumbers lie in this for t$ro days, when tbe syrup must be boiled for 10 minutes with them. Put the preparation into jots, and leave it- until next day. when it must be covered closely. These directions must be minutely attended to or the sweetmeat will not be & success. Time, six days. 3\. Everton Toffee : :Pot lib; of brown sugar ana one tea cupful of cold water into a pan well-Tubbed with good fresh butter. Set it over a-dow fire, and boil until the sugar has become a smooth, thick -syrup, then stir into it 41b. of butter, and fcoU for half -an hour. When sufficiently bailed, it may be tested -by dropping eome on a plate, and if it dries hard, anG can easily be removed, the toffee is ready for flavouring. For this purpose add 20 or 30 drops of essence of lemon. Pour the toffee into a wide veil-buttered dish: If liked, vinegar may be sub ' etatuted for the water.tten the lemon may be omitted. 6\. A. C— Bee reply to Tamworth in another part of this -*flnmf». Bimetallism is the name tjiven to a monetary ey«tem in which both gold and silver are on precisely tie same footing as regards mintage and legal tender. At present, iutbe United Kingdom, pM-to »ny amount can be brought to tbe mint and coined into sovereign* free of charge, and the legal definition of the pound sterling is a certain weight of gold of a certain fineness, Ac. ; and gold and Bank of England note* &re.; the sole legal tender to any extent. Silver coins we at present only ' token ' coins. TheTfcloe of the silver of which they an made (even at the valuation before any depreciation of silver relatively to gold occurred) is below the nominal-rauie— that is, the silver in 20s (reckoning sflver as worth about 60 pence, or a quarter of a sovereign, an ounce) is not worth the gold in a sovereign. As a consequence fbe silver is coined onV i« ltnwt»3 WantitSw. and i»lef»l tenfler -mtv to tbe extent sf tOs. The subject is too long to be explained here, but to understand it in its present bear ings you may refer to recent writers, and consult especi ally The report of the Royal Commission. On the mono metallic aide may be mentioned Mr. Fowler's ' Appreci ation of Gold,' Mr. Giffen's 'Essays on Knance,' and the papers published in the Contemporary Sevieto by Mr. . Wells. On fee other ade much mow has been written, since attack has always been more productive . than defence— e a., various essayB byH. Cemuschi, H. H. Gibbt, Grenf ell, E. Barclay, S. Smith. &c; a valuable historical work by the Hon. Dana Horton, called the ' Silver Pound,*1 and a ' Treatise on Money, wiwi Essays on Present Monetary Problems,' by Professor J. 8\. Kichrison, may also be mentioned. The best book for thi statistics of the question is Soetbdlr's ' MateriaUen ' translated from tbe German for the use of the Royal Commission, and published in America by Mr. Atkinson. Perhaps Wilson's ' Bimetallism' will suit your purpose. The price is 6d, and it can be obtained from Messrs. George Eobertson and Co., George-street. __ B. M. (Sydney).— A cablegram, dated July 27, stated that war had been declared between China and Japan on ac count of the Corean difficulty; and on August 1 that Japan had notified tbe European Powers that war exists between that country and China. The following are said to be the circumstances in connection with the war between these two countries :— The war was forced upon China by Japan, \tho was really prepared for it, as was shown by her despatch of ©X» troops with an expedition that must otherwise have been regacded as remark able. There is a treaty between China and Japan stipu lating that neither country is to send soldiers to Corea without due notification having been first given on both sides. In consequence of a serious rebellion in Corea with which Hxe King was not able to cope, he appealed to China to send soldiers to suppress the rising. China did so, notifying Japan of the circumstance, but tbe notification and the despatch of troops were simultaneous, so to speak, and Japan took umbrage at the circumstance, and de clared that before the despatch of the soldiers China should have given Japan notice, and that therefore Japan would at once send soldiers to look after Japanese interests in Corea. Japan then despatched 6000 troops with remarkable expedition. They were provided with three mo'**''' supplies, and were fully equipped. But practically by tbe time the Japanese soldiers landedtfae re bellion had been quelled by the Chinese soldiers who had been sent into Corea in the first instance for that purpose. . China then called upon Japan to withdraw her troops, as she (China) was going to withdraw hers, the disturbance having been quelled. Japan, however, refused to do so, and continued to pour men into Corea. The British Minister at Pekin then addressed the Chinese Government, endeavouring to bring about an ami cable settlement by which both sides would consent to withdraw the troops from Corea. The Chinese Govern ment, in reply to the suggestion, said they were quite prepared to withdraw provided Japan did so. The latter, however, refused to act on tbe proposition, stating that they wanted to introduce reforms into Corea. In answer to this China contended that Corea was a feudatory, or under the protection of China, and therefore she would not agree to tbe attempt of Japan to introduce reforms into the country. There was still a prospect of an amicable settlement being arrived at up to the time of the Japanese firing into and sinking the British steamer Kow Shing-, with 1600 men on board, whilst she was flying the British flag. There is a very nice point in volved in this incident, for although the steamer was under a Chinese charter at the time, and was carrying Chinese troops, war had not yet been declared between the two nations. It was not until after that that China commenced to make warlike preparations against Japan. 