THE WIDE WORLD. In Africa there are still many unexplored tracts,.nutably in and around the Horn of the Dark Continent; and a young American, Dr Donaldson Smith, now proposes to take the bull by the horns, and see what can be done by the employment of this summary method of solving geographical problems. He aims at treading virgin ground. A year or two ago Mr F. L. James published a book on The Unknown Horn of Africa, being an account of an ex. ploring expedition from Berbera to the Leopard River. But his explorations were confined to the country of the Somalis, whereas Dr. Donaldson Smith now aims -at penetrating further inland into the region of the Gallas, which has hitherto remained a terra incognita alike to the hunter and to the scientific researcher. Dr Smith is a charming speci. men of the beet type of America, and, in. deed, it is difficult to believe that he is not an Englishman. He is quite as rich in manners as he is in money, and altogether takes with him to Africa a very fascinating personality. He is going out entirely on his own account and at his own expense. A correspondent of the "Birmingham Mail" hears of a lady residing in one of the suburbs whose husband, when he is under the influence of drink, amuses himself by thrashing and otherwise knocking her about. She ,waslong.suffering, outeventhepatienoe of a woman has its limits. Accord. ingly she hit upon a somewhat novel plan o retaliating, which she put into force-on the first opportunity. One evening her husband returned home the worse for drink, and after having satisfied his brutality by banging his wife about the apartment, sat down in his easy chair. The lady no sooner observed that he was fast asleep than she secured a stout cord, with which she fastened her somnolent lord to his seat. Then with a substantial walking-stick she commenced operations by several severe blows on his back. The pain cannsed him to wake, and finding that he was a prisoner he commenced to address his wife in words which were the reverse of affectionate. She in return told him that she was going to give him his quid pro quo, and at once carried her threat into action, belaboring her unhappy, but now nearly sobered, husband until he howled again. He ultimately managed to up net the chair on the top of him. self, and so secured a release from any further demonstration of the energy and anger of his spotse. She left him there for some time; in fact, it was not untilhehad promised to treat her better in future that she consented to liberate him. The initial chas. tisement had the desired effect, and not only has the man given up beating his wife, bathe has also shown an inclination to become more moderate in hie drinking habits: The closing portion of Emile Henry's address to the Paris jury was as follows : " We deal out death, and we shall knowhow to meetit. It is, therefore, with indifference I await your verdict. I know myheadisnot the last you will cut off : othere will fall, for the starving are beginning to learn the way to your great cafes and to your Grand Ter minus and Foyot Restaurants. You willadd other names to the sanguinary list of our dead. You have hanged us at Chicago, de capitated us in Germany, garrotted us at ... at Barealona, guillotined us at lMontbrison and afParis bur whae? yce never do is to destroy Anarchism. Its roots are too deep. It is born in a rotten society which is falling to pieces. It is a vio. lent reaction against the established order of things. It represents aspirations towards equality and liberty which are storming existing authority. It is everywhere and impalpable. It will end by killing you. Messieurs les Jures, that is what I had to say to yon. You will now hear my counsel. Your laws impose a' counsel on every pri soner; my family has chosen M. Hornbostel. Whatever he may say must' in no way alter what I have said. My declarations are the exaut expression of my thought; I hold to them without moditication." As is well known, several Swiss cantons, after agreeing to the abolition of the death penalty, have returned to the customs of their forefathers. Schwyz is one of these, and is yet concerned as to what to do with a scoundrel who murdered his daughter in cold blood. The assize judges ordered him to the guillotine, but they reckoned without the local society for the abolition of capital punishmenut. Itse ingenious directors, bur rowing in old records, found that according to law condemned criminals must expiate their crime by being teheaded with the sword, and insisted on this medieval mode of carrying out the death penalty being adopted. The difficulty is that the gaol authorities cannot get any Switzer to play M. leibler with a two- handed sword, and the criminal bids fair to live as long as a condamneeo in the United States. But surely the executive might apply to Copenhagen for the loan of an expert-for does not exeaution by sword survive in Den mark ?--or is it that the authorities (like the Poor LawGuardians in certain anti-vaccina tionist towns at home) consider that they best consult publio opinion by persisting in a non poesumus A oynic would say that it is curious to find Switzerland producing murderers and no men with nerve and public spirit enough to be their executioners. The new " silver-wedding " stamps issued by the Japanee Post OfBce to coom niemorate the twenty-fifth anniversary of the marriage of the 'Emperor Mutan Hinio.with. Harnkg, daughter of Ichijo Taiaka,.. a noble 'of the .drst rank, appear to have cansed much eaaitement among local philatelists. Boys commissioned to purchase samples, thronged on the day of issue at the Post office windows and more than two thousand light bluei five-sen (a "sen"' is a trifle under a half penny) and rose-pink two-sen stampe the only varieties issued-were sold at the Kobe Postoffire in less than two hourms. They are of the same form and size--1l inch long by 1 inch wide. The design on both is also the same. The centre of the deeign is a white crysanthemum in a circular shield, around which is the inseoription, "Celebration Ceremony of the GreatWedding-s twenty-fifth year," while in the lower part of the central scroll are the words in English " Imperial Wedding,25 Anniversary." On either aide the centrat circle is sunpported by a crane rising out of an elaborate scroll. The top of the stamp bears the legend in Japanese, " Dai Nikon teiioku yubin ", (Great Japanese Post), while the lower part contains the words in English " Imperial Japanese Post." A correspondent in India writes to a Lon don paper:-There are many German trader in Bombay, and some French and Belgian. Between a little mixed knot of these stranger colonists I heard a railway carriage dis onssion about the British House of Lords, and was greatly struck by the information which a German imparted to a Frenchman. The Germnnanesid thatthe Lords were mostly Irish, and that they enoonraged the people to revolt! The Irish, he added, made all the trouble for England, and, as nearly all her soldiers and policemen are Irish, England is in a 'par?ilous' state. The Frenchman said he had heard that Sir Gladstones was really an Ikchman, although brought up and living inacolahbtown! It is wonderfnl bow one learns things by going about the world a little l" Fifty of the most influential citizens of Chicago, including Mr Field, Mr Gage MI Pullman, and Mr Armour, are promoting a local agitation in favor of "Inter nationalbi-metalliam. They areall Conserva tive financiers, opposed to free eolnge or any other wider use of siliver by the United States alone. They regard India's difficulty as America's opportunity, and urge that pressure should be brought to bear upon Great Britain to change her principles in this respect. Describing a debate in the House of Com mons on the Death Duties, the "Daily News" says :-The prevailing dulness of the discussion was temporarily relieved by an amusing speech from Lotd Willoughby de Eresby, who bluntly told the Commit. tee that he objected to death duties alto gether. The "infamous proposals," as the noblelord characteriesed the reformed death duties, would weigh heavily on the unfor tunate heir, who would have to pay for things be did not want. The aecret of the noble lord's vehement opposition to the new scheme was partially disclosed when, towards the end of his speech, he, amid laughter, deolared that among other things he would inherit a ghost, and he ap pealed to the Chancellor of the Exchequer to say it he would have to pay succession duty for this part of his inheritance. Sir William Harcourt smiled, but made no attempt to answer the conundrum. The British Death Duties, assuming that they are passed by the Imperial Parliament, will be oFerative from the let inst. On Budget Night (reports the " Daily News") Mr Balfour, asiiming that the Budget Bill couldnot be passed by the 1st of June, took exception to the Chancellor of the Exche oner's estimate of the amount derivable from the increased Death Duties between that date and the end' of the financial year. Sir William Harcourt has, however, been careful so to frame the resolutions on which the bill will be based that at whatever date the Budget is added to the Statute Book, the new rates shall be leviable upon the property of all persons dying " on or after the 1st day of June, 1894." " We move to-day, and I have only a dollar in the house." This is a passage from a letter by Leigh Hunt dated " Florence, 14th October, 1823," to be found in a collecti6n of autograph letters Mesars Sotheby ana Wilkinson will offer for sale to-day. It vividly recalle passages in the life of Mr Harold Skimpole. "I am constantly," that " little bright creature with a rather large head" observed, " being bailed out, like a boat ; or paid off, like aship's com pany. Somebody always does it for me. I can't do it, you know, for 1 never have any money; but Somebody does it. I get outby Somebody's means. I am not like the star ling. I get out." There are two letters in the collection; both vividly recalling the too faithful presentment of his old friend which Dickens admitted he had yielded - to the temptation to include in the story of Bleak House. In "Temple Bar," there is a story of how the late Poet Laureate received the first copy of " Maud" whilst he was a visitor at a country house, and how he was prevailed upon to read the poem under rather discouraging circumstances. "Mr and Mrs Carlyle were among the guests. Now Carlyle would not permit himself to be read to by anybody. The problem was how to get out of the way. All the visitors in the house were anxious to listen to Tennyson's delightful reading. LOrd and - r y -,o,.enss. a- w ,e bp s i Chairs had been arranged in a quiet sitting room. The visitors (ourselves amongst the number) were taking their places. Tenny son was ready. Carlyle was not indisposed to go out for a walk if anybody would go with him, But there was the rub. Who would sacrifice the pleasure of hearing a great poet read his latest poem ? PYfessor Goldwin Smith threw himself into toe imminent and deadly breach, and walked with the philsopher." The following particulars from one of the English papers to hand by the week's mail supplement whathas appeared in reference to the same matter in a recent cablegram:- "Six of the seven explorers of the Lugloch caverns, who were rescued on Monday, are in Gratz and are doing well, and the seventh, the lad Heidt, who came out in a pitiable condition, and was left be- hind in the village of Semriach, is also reported much better. They would have died of hunger several days ago, as the provisions they took with them were already exhausted, but fortunately the parish priest of Semriach chanced to throw a box contain- ing cheese, bread and sixteen candles into the swollen brook, which by a miracle carried it to the Upper Cave, in which the entombed men were already feeling the pangs of hunger. Once in posses- sion of the box, the leader, Herr Fasching, divided the contents into small daily rations. The imprisoned men state that they found some wonderful caves, putting even those of Adelsberg into the shade. The diver, Rudolph Fischer, who succeeded in reaching the entombed men at great personal risk, is suffering from violent shivering attacks brought on by the intense cold of the water." A discussion has recently raged in England abeubt the refusal of Miesrs W. H. Smith and Sons to circulate Mr George Moore's novel, Esther Waters, in their circulating library. The difficulty of deciding what is an improper book crops up in this discussion in a decided manner. No less a person than Lady Jenne, the wife of the P-esident of the Divorce Court, rushes into the fray in the defence of the book, and of Thomas Hardy's latest work, Life's. Little Ironies, which had also been alluded to as being oneof the naughty kind. She sayshe does not think it is a book "that need shook the readers of a generation who enjoy The Heavenly Twins, The Yellow Aster, lKey notes, or the various wcrks of ficotion which deal with all the com plex and undeniable questions of our modern life. A novel is good or bad in pro. portion as it arouses sympathy with what is noble or glosses immorality with a sickly sentimentality which creates an entirely false standard of right or wrong." And she sums up her conclnusions on the general principles of the controversy in.this way:-" The old story of woman's weakness and man's be trayal has been, and always will be, the keynote of many great works in English fiction which deal with the great story of human passion. The whole evil of modern novel lies in the point of view from which the subject is treated, and from the attempt to centre the interest and sympathy of the reader onafalseisue." 