UKDEB THE SHADOW OF GRIME ; CE THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUN RAVEN. By JEAN MIDBLEMASS, Author of 'A Girl in a Thousand,' 'Sealed by a KiBs,' ' By Fair T.leaus,' &c; Pa bl it bed by special arrangement with tbe author Ail rights reserved. Cilaptee ZSXXV. — Oki.v a Wkdpixg Ring. Hear the mellow wedding bells, lioiden bell;). Wbat a world of happiness 'heir melody forttells ; Oo rhebziaiy air of m^bl Host they nm{ out their delight. From tfce uiolceu golden throats *iiaC a liquid ditty floats. And all in tune To the turtle dove ta»t liatenB wfefla she gloats Oa tbe moos. Belfagraoda was en fete. It was Elvira's wedding day. At lass Sir Milea's patient waiting was to be rewarded, and tiie beautiful alisa Delane, the rich heiress of Bella graada, was to become the mistress of the Snuggery. Mr. Delane had heard Sir Milea's proposal for the hand of hie daughter with intense satisfaction. Shrewd, like most money makers, Mr. Delaue was a keen reader of character, and he was fully alive to Sir aliles's pood qualities, sensible enough too to be de sirous that his daughter should marry a good man rather than a creat! or a rich one, and he spoke the absolute troth when he told every one who congratulated him ' chat in the whole length and breadth of Eugflaud there could not have been found a man he wound have pre ferred for a son-in-law.' Whether Elvira had caught eome of her faciior'd ardor— -enthusiasm being oatching — did not transpiie, but she declared lieroeif to be one of the luckiest girls in creation and surely she seemed very, very happy. The great desire ot hia manhood being then about ro be triumphantly crowned, it seemed somewhat atrauge that Sir Milea himself was far lefcs elated about the cotniug marriage tban anyone else nearly concerned in it. Tbe (act CT&s;, to give and not to take was Sir Miles'a pleasure, and he had Dot realietd until be came into actual contact wich them how overwhelming was the magnitude of Elvira's riches. If he had been aboui to marry a poorer girl he cou!d have presented her with many a charming, even co?tiy gift; but with Eu- ira be could only look on at tbe classes of jewels, rare cema. priceless fabric?, nud innumerable gew-gaws with which ber father loaded bur and feel that he was almost number three in a triumvirate of which ha naturally felt he ought to be number one. For a time Elvira could uot make out why Sir Milei Berkeley, who, she knew, loved ber very dearly, was not the happiebli of men. Id was ouly a lew days before the wedding that the riddle was solved— and by Airs. Singleton. Elvira had driven over to Brentwells radiant in a saint-lined cloak which Mr. Delane had that morning received from town and pre sented to his daughter, fearing chat thu March wiuds, during whica the honeymoon wouid be spnnc, would be cold lor his child. Mrs. Sin«l^too was still at Brentwells ; (the vie waiting for warmer weather to go to the old Yorkshire home and collect her effects, which were to be housed in a picturesque cottage on the Brent wells estate, where ulie was to live for the future. She tuok a Jirely interest in everything con ueuced with Elvira's approaching marriage, at which, however, she, of course, could not be present, owing to her deep raourn?ug. She had seen many precious gifts given by Mr. Delane to the younjf bride and admired aad rejoiced over them, buo tins cioak brought the teare into her e-ef, and she had much difhculty in preventing herself from going into liyi-itvrica. Elvira looked surprised. 'Abel — my poor dear AbtJ,' sohbed the widow. 'It waa the drrain and hope of hie life to (five me euuh a cloak, bus he had uot the money until quite lately aud 1 was to have had one this winter. Oh, bliss Delane, you little know what a pleasure it was to my Abel to load me wicta giiti* ; 'a pleasure which ia denied to poor dear Sir Miles Berkeley.' 'How denied to nim, Mrs. Singleton? What do you mean ?' ' Why, I should like to know what on earth there is that be can offer yon ? \ ou have so much already. I asked him oise day what was to l-e his wedding gifp to you; and be Bighed and said the golden circlet he bopad ere long to put on yonr finger was about the only thing you did not already poasess.' Elvira tried to laugh and turn off as a joke these few seemingly careless remarks, but ehe was very silent during the r;tt of her visit, which ahe shortened cousidirahiy. This then was the, reason of Sir Mfles'e apparent looodinets. He was oating his heart out about ber riches. It had been Elvira's intention when she drove over to Brentwells that morning to have rituyed to luncheon if ahe had bten asked, but these few words made her entirely change her plans. v ' She must get baok,' Ehe E«id ; i'she was ex peoted, and could uor wa.it anofch** minute.' She vat driving herself in a little curt with only a tiny groom for an attendant, instead of ehe family ooauhmuu, who was very restive about the long waits to which Elvira fre q«ent!y subjected him. llu sadden vagary of to-day wouid certainly have considerably troubled hie deliberate mind, ft it no eocner was bIiu outside the [-ark gates &t-; P.rentnvells than — tiie pony baviug deUtrminecji-y get hiB face homewards — ehe pulled him round wita a resolutw jerk and drove off rapidly in the opposite direction. Skirting tbe grounds ot A.buynu Court, now shut up, ifo master h&viug; ^one abroad -or »u indefinite period, she ere louft arrived at the ^nutf^ry. , Even the litsle jiroom was.eonxiewhaft sur prised ; what would the family coat- hmau have bet-i|, ior Kw:ra never wrnC to fclis Suu£i»t-ry, thuugli sho wan engaged to its 'master and was to lie married to him within a wt-ek. There was a good deal of oli-tasbioned de eorum about Bbo wa,y lilvira coidueted ht-T love affair, and bhe never readily either ateept- d or gave fa.tailis.rity. Her heart, however, wai' *ftolly in the right place. StK7w.-ia quite will ing to make er wpciou to cno^uiil-dned ruled wtten occasion detuanci&d;, and 'here she oon sideted was the oucasioa. Sir Miies was un happy and it was her duty and her pleasure to make him happy. When sho 4r-.--ve up he was in tbe hall aod came forward to nioefi her, ex o)aimin-r ia a surprised voice, whioh amused her iuterushly — ' Elvira ! What has happen^ ; is anything amiss'?' 'Nothing,' she acswered, 'only I thought t would cocio and heard tbe lioii in hits d«o — (bat is, Sir Miles Berkeley in bis Suuguery.' And throwing the reins to tb- littlu groom she juuaped from the pony-cart on to the door esep. 'Will you give me some kinobeon V she asked before he had tims to offer her any. '16 is not tail to invade bauh«ii-Jr'ii quarters and ask for luncheon, its io? — but I am starving. Take off snis cloak, Miles ; ohern's a dear. It is suoh a weight, it crushes me.' He did as be was bid Exid thea ODoned the ribrary door, calling to hi» man who had by this dime appeared on the -soeoe, to tell Mra. Bete that Miss iJelaue had coma to luncheon. ' And tell her, too, that I am coming pre sently to autka her acquaintance,' stid Elvira. ' What a delicious room ; how bright and siinny,' she went on, lookia^f up aSSirMiise with a glad stnile. ' Ie this '«rhtr« yoo indite those duai little uotes whioh Ib»4io often of late found on lay breakfast bray V' He l*ughed and plaaed her iu the chair by tbe writing-table. Tb*n he 'took off her hat and stood over her, looking iuto'her eyes, and very sweet and frank tbey were and altogether » pretty ptoMre wtw Elvira as she sat there with the eun's ray« playing about her hair, Sir Miles Berkeley tbomgat ha had never eeen a prettier. Having feasted his eyes on bar for a brief space the shy lover made boid e,ud, leaning over, kieeed her tenderly, ia some fear and trembling though, fur Elvira was ooy. It was no little to hia surprise, then, when she threw ber arms about his neck and gave him tbe first tmA IrtflTlCT biMJI llhu K*r1 alia* rMu.h'kmaJ .1«« h^nrm ' Do you love me. Miles? Tell me that you love me and that you are not sorrow tbat they are already practising the marriage chimes.' ' Sorry, my darling? Have I not( passed my days in waiting for tbe happy hour when I should call you mine f 'Then there is something I waul very, very muoh more than anything nobtw cmi procure — something that Cnssna himself with alibis vaunted wealth could not buy. You will give it me, eh, Miles f 'Nothing will make meso happy as to know that there is anything I alone can Rive you and that money cannot buy. 'Wbat is ic. sweot one?' 'The promise of 6delity until death p*rt3 us : the love of a true and honest man.' He looked at ber in some astonishment. ' You have them both,' he said ; ' that is, if I am true and honest. Have yoa borne here to-day because you doubted me?' 'No, no— a. hundred times no t Bert because I have fancied of late that you thought I valued riches and their aooompanyiiig luxuries mote than your love, my beloved, and I wanted to assure yon that I set it above them all — tiie princely gift which no money can buy.' There was no traoe of sadneeB in Sir MOes'a face now. With an adroit and iejftder hand ehe had swept away all his trouble. From that hour forth he knew that ehe .loved him better than all else in life. When a woman like Eivir* IMane makes, unbiddea, such & oonfesaion of affection it is because her heart is stirred to its utmost depths. ' In that hour mutual faith was plo&£ed Which no storm, however severe, whioh they might encounter in their future lives woultr ever up root. Mrs, Betteentin a lunpheoo which even the Bellagranda chef could not have surpassed and later in the afternoon Elvira went into 'the room' and had a long chat with the old housekeeper, who was enchanted. Elvira seemed b^nt on making herself agreeable on that particular afternoon aud went away from the bnuggery carrying with her the goiden opinions ot all the dependents. It was a happy thought that hsd come to her when she paid tbe vitiic, for not only had she smooched away the only wrinkle there was in Sir Miles'e happiness, but all tbe inmates of the Snuggery would dance far more briskly at the wedding now tbat tbey had been for themselves bow much charm and real good sense and kindness their future mistress possessed. At last tbe happy day dawned, bright with spring sun.shine. The village church was thronged. Luxurious and grand as is a London wed ding, with its pomp of service and musical accompauiineDts, there is no ptvttier eight than when the nuptial knot in tied in a country church. On this occasion everyone had done their best, floivera there were in profusion, chiraea of merry bells, village children in spick and span now dresses, which were Elvira's gift, all delighted to do homage to tbe bride they loved so wail. Of course Lady Marcia was there, in a state of fussy and somewhat overwhelming excite ment. She had fortunately given up all idea of becoming tbe mistress ot Bellagranda, which was as well, considering that Mr. Delaue had uo intention of surrendering his freedom. Numberless friends and acquaintances had come by special train from London, and, of course, all the county bad been invited. Altogether it was the grandest affair that had agitated the countryside for uiacy a long year, and dnoe no one, great or small, had been forgotten there cad been no heart burnings. Even the banquet Riven a few months ago at Colechill, in celebration of the birth of the heir bo Aboyne Court, was eclipsed by these magni ficent marriage fetes, whiub continued for quite a week after the bride and bridegroom had de par ed It almost eeemed, so bright and pay was everyone, as if the remembrance of Lady Ger trude had uo place in the hearts of any of her old friends and that Sir Clement Dun ratren, under the painful circumstances, too, in which he had departed was not even missed. Yet, perhaps, no one regretted the sad story of tbe past few months more tban tbe bride and bridegroom, who were intensely gratified to fiud that he bad not wholly forgotten them. Ou their return to Batlagranda from tbe church a telegram was banded to them ad dressed to Sir Miles and Lady Berkeley. It wae from Sir Clement Dunraven, wishing them 'every blessing which goodness and sincerity deserved.' It was a strangely-worded missive, dating from Malt t, and save to those who could more or less read between the lines it savored some wbat of eccentricity. And amid these gay wedding festivities what place had Liabeih Glendinnhig '! None. Tbe augel ot death had once more spread its wings about her path, and much (hough it would have gratified her to have 8fi6a Miss Delaoe married to the good and true Sir Miles she had a sadder and more solemn duty which kept her at home. Jim Glendinning was dead. Tiie information he had in such an uncalled-for manner vouch baled to Dr. Watson seemed to have used up his last gleam of intelligence ; the day after darkness feet in once luore, a darkness whioh was thq? forerunner of tht, night of death. Though he lived some weeks he never rallied from this last seizure, aud the evening before Elvira's wedding he passed iuto his rest. Had the sufferings he had pone tbtough in connection with tbat terrible trial been any expiation of the sins and crimes of bis youth, Lisbeth wondered, as she looked on the inanimate form. With a fervent prayer that it might bo eo she closed the dim eyes and a scalding tear fell on the furrowed brow as ehe stooped and kissed it. ' Where was Lisbeth ? I never saw her at our wedding. Strange ehe should keep in the background.' Elvira had said to Sir Mi lee wh--n they were discussing the event. And he, too, remarked that be had not seen her and that it was surprising that she had not come. For Lisbeth, ever thoughtful for others, had carefully concealed the fact of her father's death until the wedding should be over. If she could help it no sadness should be miDgted with their joy. It was not until quite ten days later, when Sir Miles received a letter from Dr. Watson about some business matters, that they learnt the mason of Lisbeth'e absence. Six weeks passed and then the happy couple came home to the Snuggery just as all nature was bursting into bud aud blossom. (Then the fetes recommenced, for everyone thought it 13 necessary to welcome them with fcj-tal acclaim. Iu fact, so numerous were the parties given that ic seemed as if the neighbor hood was never going to settle dowu again into its noruiai condition of monotonous routine. Not only were Sir Miles and Lady Berkeley most popular people, but everyone was so glad to get out of the dismal groove into woiuh the troubles of Aboyne Court had oast them all. There were no olouds now on Sir Miles'e brow. Ever since tbe day Elvira paid tbat impromptu visit to the Snuggery they had lifted to descend no more. There was not a happier man in all tbe realm. He had realised th'. magic of that golden circlet about which he had talked somewhat sadly to Mra. Single ton, for tba coy maiden who would ecaroely allow herself tobb wooed had become the most affectionate and devoted of wives. As Lady Marcia pertly said — ' I suppose now yoar head is in tbe noose, Elvira, aud you cannot help yourself, you think it is wiser to be subservient to tbat tyrant of yours and hie- slave in all things?' Which Elviraanswered by the assertion that ehe was perfectly happy and that she wished Lady aiaraia wonld not interfere with her connubial bliss. Chapter XXXVI— The Ghosts of the Past. ' Au old, bent man, worn out and 'rail, Ue oiDe back from -ei-kinjj the Holy Orail.' Scarcely two years had elapsed Kince Clement Duuraveu had left Abojut Court for the foreigu travels, during which he bop--d to fiud that peace of miud which pae-seth all under standing ; when Oite evenuig when he was by no means expected he crept into his own houao by tba baok door. One of the maids who saw him ran shrieking to tiie housekeeper and eaid ehe bad seen Sir Clemwutii ghoat. Thu housekeeper told her ' not to be a fool' and went out to look for herself, and then she too trembled with affright until she beard the well-known voise. 'Don't be alarmed, it is myself; Clement Dunraven iu the flesh. I have been very ill aud have come home to die.' 'Oh, Sir Cipment, why ever didn't yoa let us know that* We might have had things a bit comfortable for you.' 'All right— all right; don't trouble your self. There'll be comfort enough for me. Light a lire in the library, Lady Gertrude's favorite room, and send for Dr. Watson.' The night was a cold one, though it was only mid- October, and the trees were still heavy wich mellow golden foliage. There was something about Sir Clement's manner and appearance which repelled question, so. the eurvHBtis bestirred themselves to pre pare dinner, get his bedroom ready, and make the place as homelike as the short notiod wouid poiiiiit without asking for any further order?. Sir Clement meanwhile sat down in front of the fire, which had been speedily lighted, aod took no notice of anyone. Io was not until Dr. Watson entered tbe room that he roused up from his reverie. Tbe summons to come at once to Sir Clement Dun raven had been received by the little doctor with no small dismay, and a presentiment of ooming. trouble took powerful possession of him, act was hia dread of the future in any was lessened when he saw the man who had sent for him. 'Diomed to death,' was the doctor's mental verdict, and that torture of miud had ended io producing portnre of body he was not slow in deciding. Sir Clement held oat his hand and said feebly— 'It is good of you to have oome bo soon.' HoV gladly would Dr. Watson have grasped it, bet tbat tbe recollection of tbe awful accusa tion made by Jim GleBdinuing rose vividly in his mind. He pretended not to see the ex tended hand, but drawing a chair close to his patient tried to speak cheerily. 'Sorry you have oome bask ill, Sir Clement; we must see if we can patch you up.' But Sir Clement noted at once the want of cordiality and said bitterly — 'You cannot ' miuibterto a mind diseased,' but since I see you know or have guessed the truth you will make my task easier.' Dr. Watson merely answered with an 'Ah' and Sir Clement wenttra— ** I have not muoh belief in parsons. They would ruin you if they oould, as Singleton tried to ruin me. Bat I have sent for you, Watson, because I know you to be a true and honeet man, and as suoh you will help me to make tbe beat atonement for the past that k in my power.' 'I will use my best endeavors eotodo,' answered Dr. Watson, 'but would not 3ir Miles Berkeley-^-' ' ' No — no,' cried Sir Clement, interrupting. ' Berkeley has a wife, and, I hear, a ohUd. Let him be nappy, and ignorant. I will not have him freighted with my misery. Ton must hear many a tele of wretchedness, Watson ; it is in your calling.' 'Ates! Tales of wretchedness and suffering that one cannot always aasauge.' 'There is only one incurable disease of which the torture cannot be alleviated, and tbat is the disease from which I am dying now —it is called remorse.' 'Oh, Sir Clement, repentance most bring alleviation of suffering, even to the most re morseful/' ' I have repented, humbled myself in dust and ashes for my sins, bat I am no happier. Remorse gnaws aa a canker worm at my heart. Should I be any happier if Z had made a public confession and allowed the law to take ita course 1 I think not. Anyway it would have brought misery and obloquy on innocent people. So I resolved to keep my secret. It is wearing me out, and the severest tmnishment I can inflict on myself is that I have refrained from my own destruction. However, the end is not tar off now, and before that end comes I want you to know the truth.:- ' What good to tell it, Sir Clement ? Before the words _h%ve fallen from your lips you may regret having spoken them.'_ ' I can never regret having asked a good man to be the guardian of my child — you will not refuse ?' Dr. Wateon winced, but he accepted the guardianship. ' Lisa is my ohild,' continued Sir Clement, 'and Lisbeth, ber mother, my lawful wife, which Lady Gertrude never was.' *' Sir Clement, for mercy's sake keep silence. Think of the memory of than puce virtuous lady and keep silence.' ' To all but you I will do so, but you must know the truth, or you cannot do the best for my child and her brave mother. If I die with out a will this property cannot go to Lit a, unless ber legitimacy, is proved. In justice to Lady Gertrude Ita going, with your help, to make a will leaving everything to Lisa, my adopted daughter, who ib to take the uame of Dunraven. This may seem to you to be unjust to Lisbeth, but she agreed to be supplanted by Lady Gertrude, in order that I might become my uncle's heir, and therefore she must ben? her share of the sorrows brought on us by our joint folly. Ah, if I had never deserted Lis beth I might have been a poorer, but I should have been a far happier man.:I 'She is the best and noblest among women,' said the doctor fervently. Sir Clement looked at him keenly. Hie eypa fell as before those of an inquisitor, for he felt that Sir Clement had guessed the desire of his heart. 'I see I have appealed to the right man,' eaid Sir Clement, after a short pause. ' Win her if you can, Watson, and if my blessing, the blessing of a wretched criminal, is of any avail, you have it with all my heart. To know that my poor Lisbeth will have a restful, happy home is far more than I deserve.' Nothing more was said on the matter ; what could be eaid as long as Clement Dunraven lived? Pens, ink, and paper were produced, and the last will and testament of Clement Dunraven was written out. In it he left everything of which he died possessed, includ ing Aboyne Court and all its valuables, to his adopted child, Lisa, whose birth had been registered at a registrar's in the City-road under the name of Lisa Ellis, on condition that she henceforth took the name of Dunraven. The guardian and the sole executor to be his tried and valued friend, Richard Watson, M. D. The butler and Brown, tbe bailiff, were sent for to witness the signature of their master, and th«B supreme effort having been made it Beemed as if Sir Clement Dunraven's work on earth was nearly done, for he then lay back in his ch&ir; in suoh a condition of pyn cope that brandy had to be poured down his throat, and Dr. Watson decided that he would pass the night at Aboyne Court. But, considering tbat he had been left execu tor and guardian to Lisa, and knowing what his own reelings were towards Lisbetb, he did not believe himself to be justified in remaining there without letting anyone know of Sir Clement's return. So he seut a man on horse back over to the Snuggery to acquaint Sir Miles with the fact of Sir Clement Dunraven's return in very bad health and to request him to ride over in the morning. After a time Sir Clement rallied somewhat and Dr. Watson and the butler got him to bed. He seemed in euoh a strange, semi-oonscioas state that the doctor took up his position in an armchair and arranged for the butler to Bleep in an adjoining room, eo tbat he might be at hand i! his services were required in the night. As the doctor bad expected, the distressing unrest which the unhappy man experienced was most sad to witness. In vain Dr. Watson tried every available means to quiet him. He tossed ceaselessly from side to tide in feverish excitement, muttering every now and again somewhat incoherently ; only Dr. Watson, who held the key, understood full well how sorely the poor distracted mind was troubled. As is frequently th« cafe with the break of dawn the restlessness and excitement grew more intense, and the mutteringa became shouts and loud cries for help. Dr Wateon was thankful that the butler was a he^vy sleeper ; he would not for worlds have bad him hear the unhappy man's ravings, and violent though Sir Clement was be pluckily determined to manage him if possible by him self. ' How dare he come between me and Lis beth — ah — the water is deep and black^-and cold. What ! no movement — no sound — silence ? My God, what silence ! No voice — not a leaf stirring — nothing but that black, still water — and the rushes Ah, the rushes will hide it. Let me go ; Let me go ! I can stay here no loneer. Away, away from this terrible place. You shall not hold me, let me go — tbe police are coming — the manacles — the mob in the court — old Jim's jibbering face— the gallows.' It was a fearful and awful sight, this torture of mental agony, and in all his wide practice Dr. Watson had never before witnessed suoh a scene, lie fought through bravely, however, and by means of an aneesthetic, for which he bad sent to his surgery early in the evening, he managed to quiet tbe agitated brain, and by the time the first awakenings of life were heard in the bouse Sir Clement bad sunk into an uneasy, unnatural sleep. White as focDr. Watson, he was so exhausted by what he had gone through that it was only by an immenee force of will that he managed to pull himself together so as to be able to proceed with the terrible duty of tending this wretched man. Till this hour he had pat away from his mind, as the mere chimera of an unhinged brain, ?iim GleniinningV assertion about the part whioh Clemeut Dunraven had played in the death of Pierce Vaugh&n.; Now he bad no furl her doubt, on the pubjeut, the true mur derer lay bufort) him and might even yet be brought to justice. Dr. Wstson thought that the hours of his liff were numbered ; still there was no Faying what turn he might take or who might bear the ravings which could not fail to convict him. For himself he intended to say nothing, the punishment Clement Dunraven had received was a heavy one and who was he that he should deliver him over to the law, blighting the memory of one true, loving woman and the life of another by his fall. Many might cavil at and ^argue about Dr. Watson's reasoning and how he justified him self in thus condoning crime, but he cared not. The presence of death was omnipotent in that room and the terrors of remorse accompanying it made all earthly punishment seem email and unreal. The efforts of those interested to keep Lady Gertrude and her memory free from the taint were, however, to meet with success. When Sir Miles Berkeley arrived it was to find the sufferer still slumbering. Nor did he ever recover sufficiently to recognise any of those who were about him. The terrible crisis was over and, thanks to Dr. Wateon's loyalty, the dire events then revealed would never be divulged. Sir Clement lingered for many hours, vitality being stronger than the doctor had ex pected. He took what nourishment tbey gave him apathetically, but did not speak; tbe brain was numbed and the pulse and powers were gradually mowing feebler. Towards evening a tall figure in a long blue cloak came up the stairs with a hailing step and Lisbeth gazed for tbe last time into the living face of the man she had so desperately loved, that she had sacrificed all her happiness in life for his dear sake. She knew nothing of the will, nothing af what bad been done for Lisa, and she asked nothing. All ber thoughts were absorbed in him who lay there dying in the prime of his manhood, the victim of his own buw. Nor were there any tears in her eyes as she looked at him, but prayers, heartfelt and deep, were in her heart ; prayers that he might not be punished everlastingly for his grave transgressions. Considerate always, Dr. Watson went away and left her with the dying man. He would not pry into the secrets of that woman's heart and truly a veil should be drawn over her sor row and her agony. An hour later Clement Donraven was dead, and the tall figure went down the staircase noiselessly as she had mounted it, away into the silent night, where the moon shining bril liantly to guide her steps and the stars efful gently beaming gave her hope that the path way even through the valley of the Shadow of Death was not wholly drear, and that mercy wae extended even to the greatest sinners. The news of Lisa's heirship, which waa spread about soon after Sir Clement's funeral, took the entire neighborhood by surprise, and, of course, various were the comments made upon it. Everyone whispered to his intimate that he knew the troth, had known it for years, but no one guessed the riddle wight eave Dr. Watson and Mis. Singleton, and tbey were silent as the grave wherein the dead lay buried. And so after awhile tiie gossip ceased, the social gatherings recommenced, and tbe world ran on its usual course as if Sir Clement Dun raven had never existed. Dr. Wateon took means to have Liu edu cated iu a manner befitting her future position andwas ably assisted byLisbeth, Whether the linie doctor will ever persuade Lisbeth to give up her ' Home' and its suffer ing inmates and begin life anew with him in the red brick house on the outskirts oi the town is one of the problems of the future. Lady Marcia says that of oourse ehe ought to marry him, and th*t there is plenty of money to found a real big ' Home' in memory of Lady Gertrude. Hitherto Dr. Watson has bees too shy to pus the question himself, and if tiie marriage takes plaoe it will probably be because Lady My^ has brought it about. THEEun. 