BOXING BRIQUETS. [5v 'Boxer Major.'] Mick Dooiey has heard nothing further from Goddard. Mr. L. Foley is working up a new and vigorous athletic club. Chiddy Ryan wants to fight Tom Hegarty at 9ot4Jb. in the Cumberland Athletic Club. Grifio went on a flaming spree with his The 'benighted nigger,' Dixon, banked bis I ? Harry Perry won from the clever Mick McCarthy on points at Mick Nathan's on faaturday night. Starlight announces his retirement from the ring. Qe is disgusted with his treat ment in his ' wrestling . match ' with ilclncrney. Pluto, Griffo's old opponent, is matched with Ben Marks, at Couigardic ior £50 aside. They have their little comforts, these Coolgardiani. Tony Molloy, looking bright and chipper as a new man. returned from Brisbane on Monday. He has had a letter from brother Jack, stating that the latter is off to his native land, Tasmania, on a visit. Billy Benson, the clever light-weight boxer, has made up bis mind to go over to Melbourne and challenge any of the flstlaes who want a scrap. Benson is a quiet, re spectable lad, and ought to do well if pro perly matched. The Cumberland offer £50 for a return match between McGowan and Hegarty, and £30 are offered to Anthony and Levy (of London). If Levy is net acting as a mere uutfo.uittb.cj; b nova, uut reauy means ngnt, ne ought to take this on. Billy Williams, erst of Sydney and Adelaide, beat Bill Dwyer, of Tasmania, at Coolgardie, in five rounds, for a purse of £25. Billy has since been matched against St. Clair, of Bailey's Reward Claim, Williams betting £200 to £150. Bill Jennings tell me he is very anxious to have a go, over in Melbourne, and say6 he bars nothing at lOst. The Cumberland would not find a better, gamer lad in a year's search, and if any of the 1401b. push want a fight, why Jennings should suit 'em. J. Kilram says he's never been satisfied since he bad his go with Slarin. HuhJ the big duffer must he hard te satisfy, for Slavic nearly murdered him for c n^ rounds, and the police and J ere Dunn had a gebenna of a job between them to save their lauib from the slaughter. It's like ghost-raising to read the names of George McKenzie and Jim Ryan as being still in the fistic arena in America. 'J he 41Bportsman!6 ' correspondentsaysJim Ryan was to meet Alex. Gregg&ins; in Butte City. Montana. Mckenzie was to fight away East in Buffalo. They were trying to get Feter Maher to meet Steeve O'Donnell when the mail left. The Irisber wanted six weeks to train before he'd consent Yes, and he'd want to learn how. too, and also he'd want to learn te be thankful for small mercies, sucbaB the loser's end for instance. Jake Kilrain wants to fight Paddy Slavin some more. They're two busted bankrupts And played-out bruisers, beached on a mud bank, and might do worse to get a few dollars. I ftas thinking of matching Dick Hunt and old Broughton. It'ud he a darn 6ight more interesting. The 6ydney lad, 6am Fitepatrick, who ee long and so faithfully handled Peter Jack son, is now trainer and second to Peter Maher, the ' Irish champion,' whe beat the new negro fighter, Frank Oraig, decisively, in two rounds, at Boston on J uly 10. Sam is considerable of a Mascotte. I don't think it probable that Jim Hall would care to box Steve O'Donnell, not even six rounds. Steve refused to split the gate (should think he would) with Hall, so the long plaster would not go into the ring with O'Donnell. Hall never did like hard game, and he'd bo a dead cop for the O'D., any way. Griffo's next opponent is almost certain to be America's champion lightweight, Jack McAuliff'e. If Grir. gets good and well, there won't be any champion lightweight when it is all over, unless it is another or those ''arrangements' like the Griffo- Denny was in faydney, and like the Griffo- Dixon appears io have been in Boston. Young Joe Porter, who is now a pupil of that6mart and popular 10 stoner, Bill Jen nings, ie the likeliest ^looking chap to turn out a middle- weight champion 1're seen since Jim Hall first impressed mc. Porter stands 5ft lOJin, and now weighs list 4Jbof real good stpff. It is a pity there is no chance to have such a promising young fellow properly tried out and brought to the front. 