Remarkable Religion, o A Russian Journal describes a pecaliar re ligious movement in the winter of 18091-2 in the province of Kiev. The originator was a Russian, given to drink until the age of forty years, when he reformed and joined the Stuedists, following zealously the religiouns rites of the seet, and often going into a condition of ecstasy. A few years later he began to .suffer from hallucinations, among others perceiving ex. tremely pleasant perfumes, which he de clared to be the smell of the Holy Ghost. Then he conceived that he was possessed of the Holy Ghost, and that he was Jesus Christ. He obtained numerous peasant followers, who sold their possessions, gave up work, and looked upon their insane leader as the Saviour of the world, in which there should soon be new regulations ; no one should die, and no one should have need to work or to care for the future, for God would care for them all. Most of them suffered from hallucinations of the sense of smell, perceiving extremely agreeable odors, which they described as pertaining to God and IHeaven. Many had a feeling of remark able bodily lightness, as if floating in the air, and many others were taken with convulsions, manifestly hysterical. The congregations were always noisy and excited, soio falling tothoe earth, others jumping, striking them. selves on the breast, and shouting inartiuon lately. Some would imitate conversation: but it consisted of incomprehensible, sense. less sounds, which they believed to be a language spoken somewhere. Most of them were emaciated and anemlo. The epidemic was finally overcome by the authorities; those who were most insane being shut up in asylums, while the hysterical were sent to ]spitale and convents. Members of Parliament have become serious at last, as they have turned their attention to the production of a suitable summer costume for wearing on the terrace during reception time. Their object Is to discard the waistcoat and yet not adopt the waistscarf-the so-called cummerbund. The solution would be to en Stirely leave off one of their sunits of clothes, 