[?] THoas| S:# C J T' "r a -nTT"T — rsP [?] INrH " WeeklyTm£s OF- ftUtU HS| CHAPTER III.— A Leaf Oct of the Past. As I walked slowly on I pondered on au l had heard. The previous murder and this one happening on the same date of the m<>nth, and about the same hour, eeemed to hint that the same hand had killed the squire and his nrmpr wife. If so. that cleared the family from suspicion, but it made the mystery deeper, as the cunning which had so success fully baffled Dillon would probably prove equally blinding to me. Thinking thus, I came to the gory pool which marked the place where the squire s body had been found ; and, acting on the groom's supposition, I carefully examined the grass on the le 't side of the road, and was rewarded by finding several marks of blocd, the last of which was some eight yards from where the body was found. Here the wood on either side was almost denser than there, and 1 came to the conclusion that the ehot had been fired in a line from where i stood. . . After a little farther examination of the spot, I went forward to the lodge, encounter- ing the local policeman, who asked me wnat I thought of the affair. 44 Very little at present- I want to hear and see more," I said, as I went up to the lodge door, at which I tapped. A middle-aged woman appeared, who, looked curiously at ms. " I am a detective," lsaid, coming at once to the point, 44 and I want to ask you a few questions." 44 Yes, Bir but I notice that a frightened look came into her eyes. " D d you see the squire enter the avenue las; night ?" \ tfg gjf " How did he look ? - 41 Much as usual. Ho held himself well up like the high gentleman he was." 44 Was he riding quickly ?" 41 No. sir ; his horse was walking, and the Equire seemed aB though he was thinking deep about something." 44 Did you eee any one else enter the avenue — say within half au hour before his coming?" 44 Oh, no, sir and there was a ring of terror in her voice. 44 You are sure?" I said, emphatically. 44 Sure as I am that I am living, " sbe said 44 Did you hear a shot?" 44 Yes, sir; but I thought nothing of it. Sometimes the keepers fire a stray shot.' 44 Is your husband a keeoer ?" 44 Oh, no, sir ; I'm a widow. My husband was one of the gamekeepers, and the squire let me have the lodge at his death ; indeed, the family have been very good to me. 41 How long was it after the squire passed that you heard the Bhot?" 44 About five minutes, sir?" 44 Very well, I won't keep you any longer; and, turning from the door, I went down the little garden into the avenue, and passing through the'gateway stood on the high road. J ust acrosB the road in a slanting direction lav the house I have before named, and through the open windows came the sound of Mozart's Dying Requiem, played in a masterly manner, but with something almost triumphant in the notes, and I could have fancied that the player was expressing a feeling of his or her own. 41 Queer that the blinds are not drawn. I should have thought they would have shown that mark of respect for the squire," 1 mused, as I oast a passing glance through the window into the lampUt room from which the muBic issued ; then going at a quick pace along the woodside, I soon reached the hill, which 1 descended, and saw in front of me the blacksmith's shop. The smith was stand ing at the door, so I crossed towards him. 44 This is how yon were standing last night when the squire went past, I suppose?1' I said. He started slightly, then said : 44 It is, sir ; and who knows but what we may see his ghost ride past to-nigbt? 44 If we ao, I shall interview him," I re ft fed. Br HEDLEY RICHARDS Author of 44 A Welsh Brinc-ess," "The Den | Tragedy," 44 The Omerod Mystery,' ' Etc. 44 Ha, ha.'— a quick way to do your job. But if the ghost was like the man in the flesh, you wouldn't get more out of him than he chose to tell yGU. At least, Mr Dillon, the detective, always thought he oould have given him a clue if he had liked when his wife was murdered. 44 Indeed! Did he think the squire was implicated?" 14 No, but he thought he could have put him on the track. "Won't you sit down, sir ?" he added, pointing to a bench under a window. I seated myself. Somehow I fancied this mail would be able to tell me a -lot about the Ardens, so I said : 44 It is a singular thing that Squire Arden should hare been murdered on the same day of the year, and at the same- hour, as his first wife." 44 Ay, and the anniversary of his wedding- day, too," said my companion. 44 Is that so?" I said, very much sur prised. , " Yes. sir. Not the anniversary of his marriage to the unfortunate Lady Arden who was murdered, but of his first wedding." Do you mean to say the squire had bsen married three timeB?" 44 Yes, sir. I see you don't know all," 44 1 certainly did not know that the squire had had three wivs. How old was he ?" 44 Just about fifty-two." . 44 Rum ! He had lost no time ; the first must have died very scoa after their mar riage." 44 She never died at all — at least, not as I've ever heard proved— though folks say she did." .. 4 4 What do you mean?" I asked, a litue ; impatiently. 44 She didnt die— any way, not ior wmc time — but the squire, divorced her." 44 Divorced her !" I repeated. _ 4«Ay. " I reckon he .won't have a good account to give up there of the way he be— Laved to that poor lady," said the black smith, pointing upwards. 4i Do you know what 1 call these two murders? Though I was sorry enough for poor murdered Lady Arden, all the same I call them retributive justice," he continued. _ 44 1 don't understand you,' I replied. 44 Very like not But if you choose I'll tell you the squire's history." 4 4 Thank you ; I shall be glad to hear it. 44 Then, I'll tell you; but mind, if my theory is correct, you'll never find the murderer. Bat to begin : 14 Squire Arden was an only son. His father was a Eeif-made man, who had married late in Ufe, and worshipped him, so that he had everything his own way, and just a fort night after his twenty- first birthday the old gentleman died, and Mr Rupert inherited the estate, and a large fortune besides. Soon after that be went away down South, and when he came home, months afterwards, there were great rejoicings to welcome his bride. 44 No one knew wno sue waa, «nu mo country families held aloof a little at first ; they'd always made a lot of the young squire. I fancy they expected him to marry one of their daughters, as his father had done. The squire's mother was a Gaunt ; so when he brought home this strange bride, they were a little stiff with her. 44 Sir she was the handsomest woman! ever saw. Tall and graceful, with a cl, dark skin, black bair, and magnificent dark eyes, she might have passed for a gipsy queen. She tas proud, too rith an im- perious manner ; yet, she could be pleabaut if Vremember her horse casting a shoe when Bhe was on her way home. Sh.e'd with the equire, and they stopped here to ££e it shod. i shall never forget how nleasanlly she thanked me. I reckoned it mw payment than the e quire's silver. « » Well, sir, all went well for a few months, when a Captain Newcombe came to stay with SstaVNewcombcll. dhebanto /tffcpn to Arden House. It was a gay then— most of the count, jfjittee rnn ethome; go he end Mrs Arden Ire- quently met, and- he was constantly riding over here. . 4 4 After awhile the squire got awful jealous, and stormed at his wife, till the servants heard him. They say he loved her passion ately ; bat he took the wrong way with her. He made her refuse invitations, for fear she should meet Captain Newcombe, and he tried to keep her constantly under his eye. 44 Now, Mrs Arden wasn't one to stand this, and, whether by accident, or on pur pose, it is certain that sbe frequently met the captain ip Arden woods. 44 One afternoon the squire dkme upon the couple walking together, and the captain and he had high words, after which lie forced his : wife to go home with him, and when they got there an awful row took place. 44 He stormed at her so loud that the servants overheard a great deal — amongst other things that he had raised her from a very humble position. 44 Then she turned on him, and the foot man, who was assisting the butler to lay the dinner table— the diningroom was only separated by folding doors from the morning- room, in which the squire and his wife were — told me that Mrs Arden said he'd made her life unbearable with his mad jealousy, and it- was his own vile suggestions that had made her think a second time of the captain's at tentions. 44 Then she warned him that whatever hap pened he would have himself to blame; as for some time he had been her gaoler rather than her husband, and had made her almost hate him. 44 Sir, the squire heard her out, then he swore a terrible oath, and told her to go off with the captain — the sooner tbe better 7 and heBaid a little mo:e about what she would come to. But when he began in this strain, Mount, the butler, told the foo'min they'd better leave the room until the squire and bis lady had finished their talk ; so that was all he heard. 44 Next morning, wfeu the house was astir, Mrs Arden was missing. She had locked herself into her room the night before. At breakfast time her maid handed the squire a note, saying her mistress had bade her de- ;?liver it. Somehow the contents got known in the house. It seems she said in it as she'd never intended to have anything to do with the captain, and had resolutely repulsed him ; but at her husband's bidding she had gone to him, not because she loved Captain New combe, but to be revenged on the squire for the insults he had lit aped upon her, and whatever bitter consequences to h6r or to him followed would lie at his door. 44 When Squire Arden read that letter, he went, nearly mid. He was a man of strong passions, and he had loved his beautiful wife fervently, but with a jealous exactingneES which made him suspioious of her every action. He had not meant what he had said in his mad anger the previous evening, and had quite expected that she would pass it over, so that the effect of her letter on him was awful. 44 1 suppose he rang ifie bell and ordered the butler to tell t he housekeeper tovcome her self and assemble all the servants in the g reat diningroom ; then he told them that if Mrs Arden ever attempted to enter the house they were to shut the door in her face — that the man or woman who allowed her to place her foot within it would at once be dismissed without a character. 44 After that be gave a similar order to tbe gatekeepers, gamekeepers, etc., ordering that whoever saw her on the estate was at once to eject her. Even the avenue, which is a right- of-way for the public, was to be closed for her, as the sqaire swore that he would raicer stand a lawsuit than let her place her foot on the ground 44 After that, report says — and I believe, sir, it is true — tbat he set a detective to follow the captain and Mrs Arden ; then, when the squire got their address, he eebt her a local paper in which his action with regard to her was alluded to in such a manner that the parties could not be mistaken, though no names were mentioned. 44 It must have been gall and wormwood to that proud woman to know that her name was thus bandied about. Soon after this the squire instituted proceedings, and obtained a divorce. 41 Shortly after thla he married Lady Alice Willoughby, only daughter of the Earl of Willoughby. She was a sweety gentle lady — pretty, bnt not to compare with the first wife. I dou't think the equire ever cared for her as he did for the other, though he treated her with more consideration— perhaps be cause she was of such high family. A year after their marriage Mr (ieffoiy was born, and there was great rejoicing, but when he was just twelve months old, Lady Arden was shot dead." CHAPTER IV. — A Man With .Many 44 1 have heard about that," I said, as be paused. 4 Oh, yes ; old Mount would tell you that, but he would hold his tongue about Lis Arden. He always thought the squire had been hard on her." _ , 44 What became of -Mrs Arden?'' I asked. 41 Well, sir, it was said that directty after the divorce she was to have been married to Captain Newcombe, but he died very soon after the news reached them, and Mrs Arden retired to a village in Italy, where she died shortly after the squire married Lady Alice." I reflected a moment. Then I said : 44 1 understood you to say -, that the second wife was murdered on the anniversary of his first wedding- day." 44 Yes, sir, it was so. On the 30th of May, thirty years yesterday, Sqnire Arden married his first wife. Twenty-foar years yesterday the second one was cruelly murdered. They will always be red-letter days in the Arden family." 44 What foundation was tbere for tbe report that Mrs Arden died in Italy soon after the squire's second marriage?" 44 1 see what you're after, sir. But when poor Lady Arden was murdered, suspicion at once fell on Mrs Arden, in spite of the report of her death ; so Detective Dillon got them to send a man to the place at which it was said Mrs Arden had died, and he found the house where she had stayed — quite an bumble place — and the woman told him tbat she died in her arms, and was buried in the little Catholio burying- ground. ' At his request she showed him the grave, which bore tbe name Diana Arden, her age, and the date of her death. 4 4 Of course, she hod no right to use the name of Arden after the divorce ; but the woman said she chose the inscription before her death. r. She also said that, in accordance with her dying request, she had forwarded certain articles belonging to the deceased to Squire Arden. 44 After hearing all this, Detective Dillon saw the squire, who told him that he need not have 9ent abroad, as he had before informed him that he had proof of her death, and that it was quite true that he had received several things which formerly belonged to the woman he divorced. 44 But, in spite of what the fellow had been told in Italy, and of what the equire said, Mr Dillon left him with the impression that Mrs Arden was living, and that the squire knew more about her than he chose to tell ; but as he coald not find any trace of her, the matter died out. 44 However, some years ago a yoang game keeper on his death bed told his wife, who is a niece of mine, that he saw Mrs Arden in the wood on the night that Lady Arden was shot, but having heard of her death, he took her for a ghost ; then, when ha heard of the murder, he wondered if she was living, and had done it, bnt, as ths lad said, she had been hardly used, and as he didn't want to be the means of bringing the poor lady to her death, he held his tongue until just before he died. Of course, I didn't say anything. 1 thought it could do no good so long after." . 44 Then, do you think that both the murders have been committed by Squire Arden's di vorced wife ?" I asked. 4 4 1 do. I believe she has been permitted to punish him for goading her into sin. Of course, I regard Lady Arden's death in a different light. At the same time, I think tbe miserable woman has believed she was dealing out a righteous retribution, unless it has been the impulse of madness." 44 You think she may be out of her mindr" I said. 44 1 do." 44 Then, where do you think she has been all these years ?" 44 That's a mystery. No one knows who her people were, or any thing about them, and I don't -think she will ever be found, unless she delivers herself up to justice. Of course, these years will probably have changed her beyond recognition, or I would never have told you what I have done, as I shouldn't like the Dcorladv to fall into the hangman's hands; but if you fail to bring the squire's murder home to any one else, warn Mr Geffory. TeU him what I have told you— tbat Mrs Arden was alive the night of his mother's murder. He may be the next vic tim." 44 why not Lady Arden ?" I asked. 44 Lady Arden ! She's in no danger. I should rather say Hie poor woman owed her a debt of gratitude, for when the squire married her, he-got his match." 44 Didn't the equire and she agree ?" I asked. 44 Pretty well, from all one hears ; hut her ladyship could hold her own with him. She is the daughter of a Scotch peer, apoornoble- man. It was a good match for her. i don't think tbere was much love on either side. I fancy the squire thought that she would make a good mistress for Arden House, and she liked his money. Then she was close on to thirty when she was married, so she couldn't afford to be' too particular. Oh 1 she's a clever woman is the present Lady Arden, and she eould hold her own with Hie squire however he blustered. No, I don't think she has anything to fear ; but warn Mr Gef fory." 4 4 1 will think about it. And now I must go ; bnt I shall hay another chat with yon. What you have told me may prove of great service." . 44 Not in trapping Mrs Arden. If .she is ever taken, it wiu be of her own free will." 44 We shall see. Good-night." 41 Good-night, sir," he replied, as I turned awav, #nd began slowly ascending the hill, thinking about what the man had told me. Was the divorced wife living ? Certainly these two murders, happening On the anni versary of her marriage, had a queer look, and if there was any tenth in the young gamekeeper's statement that he had seen Mrs Arden in the woods that night, it did appear a? though she were the murderess ; also, in tbat case, the report of her death had been untrue— a mere ruse — and sh9 was probably yet alive, and might have fired that bullet. Still, allowing that she had killed the woman who had taken her place, I was by no means certain that it was wise to assume that she had shot the squire. From the little I had heard, I fancied that he was a man to make enemies ; and what more probable than that the murderer should fix the fatal date for the crime, as it would lend mystery to the affair, and moBt likely divert suspicion from the proper person? So, while I at tached some importance to the blacksmith's communication, I resolved not to let it bias me, but to keep my eyes open. By this time I had reached the lodge, and I turned into the avenne, where I met tha constable. 44 When do you go off duty ?' X asked. 44 At ten o'clock, and, to tell the truth, I shall not be sorry. It's dreny work loiter ing about here." 44 What time is the inquest ?" I asked. 44 Eleven to-morrow morning, but, so far, there's no clue to the murderer." 44 Ah, well, the inquest may reveal some thing. By the way, you haven't seen any one loitering about the woods ?" 44 Not a soui." " Well, good-night and I passed on. When I reached Arden House I managed to find my way to the housekeeper's room, where a dainty supper was served with aa much care as though it were for the family. As I entered the ro m, Miss Wright raised her head, saying : 44 Is this an earlier hour than you usually take supper, -Mr Havin?" 44 1 am accustomed to take it at all hotra madam," I replied. 44 1 usually take mine at half-past nine, and it is just that-," she said, glancing at the clock on tbe mantelpiece. 44 Will you be seated?" she asked, with a formal courtesy which sat well on her. I afterwards learned that she always took her meals alone, in her own parlor. The butler beaded the table in the servants' hall, but Miss Wright exacted as much respect from them all as did Lady Arden . Indeed, she was a power in the ouee — a quiet, self- contained woman, who conducted the estab lishment as though tne domestic machinery was managed by clockwork. There was never any confusion or insubordination in tha servants ; the least sign of that, or incapacity, met with prompt discharge. Even Mount, who had lived at Arden House nearly all his life, submitted to her authority ; but, though strict, Mias Wright was very just. A3 we sat opposite to each other, I studied her calm, impassive countenance, while shs attended to my wants in a dignified manner that made me feel she was conferring ft favor. She was very tall and stately-look ing ; but whatever her face had been in her youth, she was now so deeply pock-marked that her bst frien's mast have owned tha! she was undeniably plain. 4 4 Have you lived long at Arden nouse, Miss Wright?" 44 About ten years. The former house keeper, Mrs Nigb.tincale, died, and I tods her place." 44 Then you were not here when thi previous Lady Arden was murdered ?" 44 No." 44 Did you live in the neighborhood ?" 1 continued. 44 No, I lived in the Soath. I was house keeper in Sir James Monkhouse's establish ment." . 14 Then yon cannot tell me anything about that other, tragedy J" 44 No," was the laconic reply. 44 1 suppose yon will have heard a deal about it, though 44 1 never listen to gossip." 44 Then, you would not do for a detective Why, gossip has already told me one singular fact connected with it." 44 What is that ?" and her manner betrayed more interest. ' T have been told that the two murdera and the t q aire's first marriagealltook place Oft the same day of the year. I allude to hie marriage with the lady he divorced. Of course, yen will have heard of that ?" 44 Yes; it would be more than hum aft nature is capable of not to sow that disgrace ful affair broadcast," she said, in the same cold, calm tone. 4 Yes, people are usually ready to talk of suoh things. Now, I have wondered if the same hand oould have sent both the former Lady Arden and the sqnire to their doom." She smiled, and I detected a tinge of ecorn in it asehe said : " Yon think that some person most have ft great enmity to the family, yet great powers of restraint' _ " . «VOr want of opportunity,' I urged. 44 Al for the enmity, the squire's divorced wife might feel that she owed him a grudge," I said. 44 Report says that she died just after Us second marriage." "Report does not always speak Oft truth." 4 No and she spoke as though she oared very little about the matter. (to be continued.) 