POINT AND PARRY. 1 [Br ' ABAWIS.'] Ministers are going to have an eai : time ot it after all. at least so far aa tbe start is concerned. What may happen to be in re serve when tbe House re- atscmblea thii deponent kuowcth not, and, unlike other jinrnalistlc deponents in precisely rimi'&r; ease; he eayeth not cither. Tone doth he gaard against tho chance of finding himself in the eime citegory as the Rev. Isaac Jephson, who, on reading in an old diary, five years after the event should have tran spired, bis own prophecy as to the cad of tbe world, sagely added the ' P.S. — ls&*c was an us.' According to these infallible political tipsters Mr Ol»rk« was to be ran to doath by Mr Guesdon for South Hobart, and Mr Fysh was to be made travel for bis Ministerial boots by someone else for the North. Bat, after carcfu'ly gauging the chaaces.it was decided tbat the show wis cat (food enough. No one could be found sufficiently enamoured of a licking to con teat the return of cither Minister, therefore Mr Oiark sails in witn royalB, t'giUautuaile, topsails, and curses ail Bet, ana n bigapau* ing bract* right behind him fortheBauth, and without straining a dorEal, pectoral, or ▼antral tin, or turning th? ghost of a single scale, tbe big Fysh do;B ditto for the North. It It by no means certain that Mr Pieise is going to hare the same easy thing of it in eecuring hie seat for Bcck'nghtui, and this exemplifies the injustice often attaching to thi working out ot matters mundane, Tne rna- jMjtuli is certainly not the vox Dei in this respect, or it would accord a more fitting recognition to its distinguished who has deserved well of his fellow colonists; it there is one politician among a decidedly ahady est from whosj shoulders you might cxpect to tee calcsti^l pinions sprouting I say, in all seriousness, thit m\n Ib Mr Picsse. Political principle ie' no: ibe aitar upon which many ot our Parliamentarians care to sacrifice themselves. Th',/ will talk about doing it b/ the yard, but wnen it comes to the test, like Artcmus Wurd, they stand pre pared to oiler up everyone of their wives' b'.ood relations, but not to run the slightest personal iiek. Mr Piesas ie the notable ex ception. He has held to an honorable ambi tion to serve the country in Parliament, bat particularly bo aa the exponent of a Eet principle — taxation on tbe nmiaprovrd value. Afie- repeated attempts his ambition waa gratified. Then, on tbe threshold of his triumph ot his principle by tbe sacrifice ot himself and all his honorable hopes. A weaker man would have h*?Fitatcd. A man less straightforwardly boncst would have re* fused to recognise ths claim upon hie patriotism. Mr Piesee did not. He accepted j all the chince of misrepresentation in the firm conviction that he was doing bis duty. I He did what be conceived to be right, ani, j whether he Bits for Buckingham or ha* to ! stand back for his next chance, 1 say be b-ia 1 acted nobly, and has put up a T^smaniaa record. Hia chance will come. The colony cannot spare politicians of ':L-- stamp. Tne breed is too rare ; and if Luckingoam coei itself tbe dishonor of re] :ctm- him he will ?sill retain that g.^n^rai esteem which, cost to the approval of hie own c .nscienc eh -julci he hiB sufficient reward. Bat 1 hops, for its own sake ani tor the sake of the whole colony, Buckingham will send him ia by a triumphant majority. One of the political humors cf lue week has been tbe amudinu cbacge of fioct on the part of tbe journalistic henchmen cf thu ol 1 Ministry, those modern Dilphic oraclc-a whose utterances on Ml things coanuciei with the bappenipg of public affairs were, according to their own estimation, tj he ac cepted as noihicg lesj than th-; voice ot Deity itself. They nave sii i now tbiega wora to be. therefore eo tbey mu;t fad ou*.. But things mo?t perversa!} refused t) ob--y orders, and now the oncles are looking six ways for Sunday in tbe hope cf it bringing the satisfactory explanation. bltaawhile, after preaching how utterly ?m;-ropi.r aal altogether reprehensible it was for anyone io oppose a ministry, even t&ocgn; it nap* pened to be in a mi&o;/itj. , and how patriot* ism demanded that ail should rally to its support, it is now found tbat factious oppo sition to tbe men in power ie almost a sacred duty, and members are absolutely being . honnded on to ' make the work of the . Government ai difficult ao possible.' Ap- ; pareatly it is a question of orthodoxy and ' heterodoxy, ' Wnat is the meaning ot theBe 1 terms ?' enquired Lord Sa adwieh daring a ( discussion on the Test Laws. Then in chipped Bishop Warburton with tbe ex- 1 plau&tion; : 'Orthodoxy, my Lord, is my doxy; heterodoxy is another man's doxy.' , Under tbie assumption caoeaaily imagine onr apposition contemporaries thus ixplaia ing their CHANGE AND FRONT. We are truly infallible guidee, ] And in method and mode energetic ; Have always been readily wont To do tbe profoundly prophetic ; Bnt, somehow, we've got in a mces, And must now ot oar forecasts be chary, For all that we ventured before Have jast worked by the rule of contrary. We blessed Messrs Dob?on and Oo , And cursed all the pan? of Braddon, Declaring the f ate ot Bir Ne i Would most certainly turn ont a faVun ; And now, while onr whitcheaded boja Are each one as limp a6 a crumpet, The others have comc out on top And are bumptiously blowing the trnm lt'a truly a terrible j*r, And in manner most sagely deductive ; We find that our course at this point Is to ' go for ' the blinding obstructive ; To busy ourselvcB for tbe nonce Ib eetting all mischief a-br^wine, A#A starting the country down hill— If we can— on the high road to ruin. Ob, yes ! we admit with a sigh The doctrines that now wc *-re touching Won't fit, by a very long chalk, With ecr briefly anterior prcanbin^ ; But then, as perhapB ycu may not.'*, The awkward, bet obstinate, i.c: it You'll have to al'cw for the gap That exists 'twixt our precept and prac tice It isn't the pleaetctcit thin?, When you've got the political phthisic, For people to straightway ixpi-ct You shos'.d emiliogly take your own physic ; And this, we may candidly elate, Is onr rule, as we don't want to sell yon : Yon fellows don't do ae we do, But obediently do »s we t?ll you. Our line is 10 kicr up a riot, And see tbat SirNcd and his crowd Don't have iningo insipidly quiet ; And if it do:s infinite harm We still can be impishly merry While crying, ' What matters so long Aa it helps ns to ' rub 1 in our ' dcrry.' ' Regarding tbe proapccts cf the new team, tbey seem encouraging, and its members promise fairly. It: ie for tfie ccuntrv to st'i that they keep these promin e, nnd 1 f:.aey the dntv will bu- feiiafcl!- pt»rt'L;rn'd. Bhould Ministers ewcrvo they will Lcr.r c( it very plainly, for the position cf the country is such qb to cluim not only honesty, bnt energy and determination in tbe work of removing the dilhcultiu? by which it is now beset. Here 1 may pr--«t£t & t«w lint s aprpjiiit of this gen-ral eyVj»ct which have Wen forwarded to m* during tee w^ck bv a correspondent, to whom I b»ve more tli&n; once been indebted for similar iitvorB. Tht-y bave the true rins in tb'-m. Thev w^r r written by an anonvmoos nsthor curing th'j time of the American rebellion, an 1 tht;v come back to me us an echo of old times, for 1 remember an occasion, over a quirtcr ot a century ago, on which tbcv wcte moBtcff-ctiT^y med. A Sot of tig who were then engaged xu carving a civilised ttaie ont of origiual barbarism, and la i ing the f jandation of what is now a British colony, were met at Ninkaubi to difcu?B matters, One of the speakers was Mr Thurston, now 6ir John B. Thurston, High Commissioner for the Booth Pacific, and it waB with these lines, so appropriate to oar present position, that he wound vp bis epecch CLEAR Tnn M AY. Men of thought ! be up and stirring Night Led day ; Sow the seed— withdraw tt: cumin— Olear ihe * '.y ! Men of action, aid and cheer tbem, Aa ye may. Then'a % fonnt about to atreami There's a light abant to beam, There's a warmth abont to glow, There'* a flower abont to blow ; There's a midnight blackness changing lota gmy. Men of thought and men of action Clear the way I Once the welcome light has broken, Whosbillsiy What tbe uniraigiaed glories Ot the day 1 What tbe evil that shall perish In its ray? Aid the damning, tongue and pen, Aid it, hopes of honest men ; Aid it, paper —aid it, type Aid it. for the hour is ripe, And our earneBt muit not slacken Into pl»y. Men of thought and men of action Clear tbe way I Lo 1 a cloui's about to vanish From the day, And oppressive wrong to crumble Into clay. Lo ! tha rights abjut to conquer— Ot'ar tho way 1 VV'th the r''ght shtll many more With the gi-nt Wrong shall fall Many others, gr-at and small, Tuat for long sad months have held oa For their prey. Men of thought and m?n of action Clear th? way ! A ringing ' Hurrah 1 ' testified that the true chord had h«en struck. We 'cleared 1 the way,' and the same spirit will again j eniuro the same success. Aldermen Barrett. Gould, and Ferrall are not yet satisfied, hence the further clectric light eleam that has appeared darin? the piBtw ck. But it has been a very feeble littlfi flame, like that from tbe fag end of a tallow cicdle, which flickers up for a moment aB it 6inks down in the socket ]ust bifore it goes out with a last expiring fin. tor i leaving nothing behind bnt & little smoke and a bid smell. The matter is not worth discussion noWi and the protests will stand on record as cvideDces ot how obsti natelv the Hebrew three fought a losing battle. Of the meeting held last Wednes day night it ia perhaps advisable to say little, Bince nothing cm bo s*id complimen tary to tha^e by whom it was engineered. , g ill, 1 tfo\ conBtninedto observe tbat when men underUke to inform other* about any matter tbey should at least learn tbe alphabet of the sublet themselves This i the speakers did not, and so we had them I errinv even so w'.iely as to claim a parallel between tenders for covering the hall chaira with material awarding to«'X»ct specifica tions and tenderu for an electric lighting installation, wbicb means a choice of differ* cut Bi'stems, involving si wide variety of material. Afe to tbe object of the meeting, considering tbat it contemplated nothing 1 ^ than th'? enforced resignation of the Mivor and fire y.ldermen, it would almost B.:t-m that so grave a proposal shoald have bad a mora w.ig'atwortby incption, and hiv^ h:en a lit')-: more in!laenti«ll' voiced. M ? Jtsty, I «ra a ???arc. is n -t a modern fail ing ; but eome rfgird for the fitness of thi-:g* shouM have suggested the propriety of in?c,,\ting t.be p'atform advocacy of a I fiw fuemaet citiz'rs with s^ far-reaching a j r^silution. A6 matters ptaad it can. how* ! cvl-t, only be Biid of the proceedings:— 'l'»-hH n tile told by certain very worthy, bu: not over prominent, citiz ins, fnll ot sjucd and fury, signifying nothing. The petition of tbe five Chinese presented to the Oitv Council »t its last meeting seems t3 rcc^.l Bret Birtc's rythmic exclamation:— Dole'eep? Do 1 drsam ? Da 1 woaicr or roubt 1 Is things wh'it ttey sucm, w'r ie visi'ins ab-u*. ' An i if the Oaucasun played out ? The boathen OhineBa above referred to are gardeners, who, with a keen eye to busi ness, have adopted the cry of depressed times to bick a modest request that the Council will reduce by fifty per cent, the rate they have been paying for water. Hitherto it bas been Ib per 1000 gallons, and tbey want it for 6d. In support of their petition tbey pointed out that they supp'ied nearly the whole of the vegetables consumed in the city, and if it were not tor them there would not bs sufficient veget ables grewn to meet tbe demand; alao, as the rate for water supplied to butchers had lately been reduced cn account ot the {ailing oS in the trade, they were also, for a similar reason, entitled to some consideration at the hands of the Canocli. These points are well made, especially the last, and it has yet to hi Been how the waterworks committee will dolge the application. But the first part Buggers two tfiings ; firat. if five men have thawho:e supply of vegetables for a city ot 2o,000 people in their hands, where does the claim for special consideration on account of bird times come in? Next, is it not strange that with the cry of the hungry in our care, and tbe clamor of the unemployed on our streets, the lucrative business out ot I I which thrifty industrious men make for- ! 1 tunes should be the profitable monopoly ot ' tbesc p'gtailed barbarians. It certainly I afiotda food for reflection. J Talking abont tbe Chinese, who, by the I P*? Q® back tbat word ' barbarian' in | onr own coin, if we occasionally tell tales : at tbeir expense, tbey do not omit to return the compliment as opportunity cSers. One ! such Cbinefe-told talc has respect to the loot I ing of the Summer pa'a-e during the opium I war. Boon after pcace was concluded, a ! Caiceee officer of high rank met a British | officer who had b;cn p.ctivcly engaged, and 1 remarked You barbarians took a good mtny thing? away from tbe palace, bnt ; on left the lions upon the entrance (;ates, which surprised as much.' ' We didn't think so much of them from an artietic point of view ss you do,' was the indifferent answer, 'and it was no time tj encumber ourselves with nnro brass curios.' ' Brass my good sir,' cxcl&imei; tbe celestial, 'why thuy were pure, solid gold ' And tb^n, says the tale, i he birbariaa tried to kick himself all ovjr tie p'ac;, and went away and di-:d of cb^ric and remorss. 1 like that Mount Lyell Railway Bill, bnt 1 think ttmt i'.B title might be improved I c jou. It is st1 U-i] ' A Bill to authorise the | Mt i: *t Lyell Miniug and R ulway Compaty, upaa tl.c security of H-b?cturcfi guaranteed ijy ihe Government ol Tasmania ' K ought to bi- styled ' A Bill for the puMic payment of private debte and for tbe Btatc raking of golden chestnuts out of the firg for the benefit of the Mount Lyell Mining Monk-*yB.' There is something so tonching, so refreshing, eo absolutely rrjavenating alnut the Ew?et unsophisticated simplicity of asking the St«te to b-ck tbe Mount Lyell Otmpany'e Bill for £150,000 to the end that trie Ah- PAhn'riore miv H^u^lnn « ].ropcrt.--. and make coloEsal fortunes with out rnnniog tbe elightcst ri?k. If the mine pays, the bills (dt-bcnfures) will bo duly retired, *nd the Government mikes not a 1 p&ony.; If it cfoes not the company goes Lung, and then what price the guarantors? Unless Mr Peters and all other minincr ex ptrifl are evtn no better than Mr Peter M'Cracbcn makes them appear— and mind it wa«s of a miniug expert the story was first t )ld— that cotcpauy bne a property before th'' sjlwn^Cf of woicfc when rn:e d-?v«'loped th''' el dnys ut the His:hr-0 win pale into insi»:cit!cmjt-. r?n raotj it be; but if it is foi.d why it it uot ^ood cn-ugh to work w.toout Btate ai-i If Btate aid is required to work it, why should not the taiate ft and in a shareholder in tbe prospective profits a? W' 11 f s the probable losses ? Again, it th' principle of Btate guarantee for loans ra fed to currv on private enterprises iu a eoc.oi ene, why tbouid it stop at tne Mount Ljcil Ocrnp'-ny isnd not be extended to C7 ry otb -r mining an-1 proprietary enter prin*. :brougnou; tee colony J H Freelacce' ib » -ireny sm*rt man, nut now nas ne iu inageo to miss this new method of mining made en?y 1 lhen why should not John Smith, the biker, aud George Jones, the greengrcccr, claim a corresponding degree of consideration ? Its too thin altogether ; too translncsntly diaphanous, and it may b-s ta d to those mining magnates — Dear sirs, we are sure, with regard to that That your prospects are simply splendacl ously fine. Tbat every promoter witb shares is Mona t Lyell Must certainly finish by making his pycll. Hut, for all it may cost you in cutting this d«oh, Yon fallows must certainly fork ont tbe cash ; For '.! to that Bill, though wc deeply regret it. We've only lo add.— Don't job wish yon may get it,# The lately enfranchised women ol New Zuland arc evidently not at all disposed to rsst on their laurels, According to tha opinions rxircssed by Mr B. H. BakcweU In tho Nineteenth Century for February, they did not want to be endowed with' vot?s, and only accepted them because they were, fa a manner, thrartdowntheir throats. Bat power, political or other, is a possession we all take to very kindly( and its exercise inevitably wheta the dealre (or more. It la the sort of appetite that grows by what it feeds upon and, having scoured the right to . vote, the New Zealandlc women naturally want to obtain tbe right to sit la Parliament. As Mr Premier Seddon admitted to the depu* titton of ladies which wait id oa him with respect to this matter, the right to alt in Par liament is a logical sequence of a right to vote in Parliamentary elections, Bnt hla farther remark that 'tbey mutt be politi cally edaca'ed before being granted the higher privilege of entering Parliament ' is in itself stupidly illogical. The moat illiterate mile boir whose name appears on the electoral list it eligible to sit. is he, then, in point of political education, blghir than tbe great mass of well* informed women voters t The contention is a self-evident absurdity, and having con* sonted to the first step Mr Beddon mart accept all it entails. He haa accepted vp to the point of Lady Mayors, which meina L*dy Magistrates. Lady members of Par* liament come next, then Lady Ministers, then Lidy Premiers, Judges, Agents General, and all the oth^r paraphernalia ot petticoat government. It is no joke now. It is a solemn and a serious fact within measurable distance, and the prospect may well m*ke the male monster shudder. Verily Mr Beddon is a sort of political Mrs Bbelly, who has created another Franken stein, and he must either satisfy her monster 1 or &c;:ept destruction atlts hands. It is all very well for him to advise the ladies to go slow ; but he evidently has yet to realise that the woman vote can make and unmake puch things as Premiers and. Ministers; therefore it is for the women to dictate and for him to obsequiously accept their direc tion. The subject has both a seriona and a humorous aide, but aa we can always laugh at the woes cf our neighbours It is the ludicrous phase of the question which here first claimB attention. So evidently thinks a clever correspondent of mine, who haa dealt with the matter from a masculine standpoint in the following lines entitled A BALLY. Boqb', brothers, it you have a spark ot man linoitB remaining, And shoulder clnss to ahonlder stand, your last few rights maintaining ; Our common foes, the women folk, are arming for tbe bittlc. And spend their time in something else than ' five o'clock tea' tattle. They've almost pushed us from onr place on platform, liall, and hustlng, Their precioni wits are bright and keen, while outs are idly rusting, We've lnl? doctors, parsons, dons, and lady poli'.iciane, A Udy Mayor fills her chair in spite ol ? rhetoricians. These are but bait our grievances, though tbey are truly ' rousers,' They've stolen every atitch of clothes except —perhaps— onr trou*erB, Our cigarettes, our bicycles, our slang, and all f.bst nice is. But what we will not let them touch la I —whisper it— wr ricet ! We claim our right to dTink and swear, and, it wc wish, to gamble, To better our complaining wives without the leiet preamble, To keep what company wc choose, defying observation. For arc we not 'the stronger sex1' and ' lords of the creation ?' ! Tbe last affront they've ofEercd ub is urging prohibition Agiinst our friends, the pnblicans, whatever their condition : They seek to place on chemists' shelves our whisky, rum, and brandy, 1 Instead of at the neighborihg bar, where it j was always bandy. j We'll not submit to be debarred from drink- : ing up our bcuees, | Our money, credit, children's food, ths : c'othing of our spouses ; No petticoat reform for us, no meddling with our liquor, i We'll guard it to the bitter end, so says— j Y jurs, ! Toby Tzckvk. I am not a prohibitionist, and so I can take more trom this tap. 