QUEST. By BERTRAM MITFORD, Author of "The Gun-Runner, a Romance of Zululandj" '"Tween Snow and Fire," ' "Through the Zulu Country: Its Battle fields and its People," &c.; ■ [Published by Epscial arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] Chapteb XV.—The Midnight Foe, " Why, it's Renshaw !" cried Mrs. Selwood, who hearing the sound of hoofa mingling with | . the barking of the dogs had come to the door. " We didn't expect you till to-morrow. Well, you're just in time—a few minutes more and I ' we should all have gone to bed. Call Wind vogel to take your horse and come in." _ : ; "I'll let'him run; he's about done up," he ' answered, removing saddle, bridle, and head stall and, turning the animal adrift. • "Has your business fallen through5" she ■asked • as he followed her into the passage and | closed the door.- ■ "It has had to stand over. Come in here, plilda," leading the way into an empty room, -"I have something to tell you. No—never mind, the light—the fewer lights, shown the •'better." . : Then in as few words as possible he told her ©f the danger whioh hovered over them.' ■ /-• Hilda Selwood came of a good old colonial \- Btock and was not lacking in nerve. Still she would not'have been a woman had she realised the frightful peril which threatened herself and iter children without a shudder. " We must: do .what we can, Renshaw, she haid. " Perhaps they will not attack us;"' "' Perhaps' is a sorry word to start cam paigning upqh. What we've got to do is to ■ ensure them as warm a reception as possible if they do. My opinion is that they will, if only 'that they seem to have been wat-ohing the road. ■I believe they have ascertained by some means • or other that Chris is away. ^ What people . have you on the place just now V' ""Very few. There's Windvogel and old •Jacob and Gomfana. That's all." Windvogel I don't trust. Shouldn't won- j ■ der, indeed, if the ysllow scoundrel was in. league with them. Old Jacob has more than one foot in the grave—he's no good. But Gomfana, though .he couldn't hit a haystack with a gun^ might >make useful play with' a chopper if'it came to blose quarters. And now, ; look here,'-' he went hn, after a moment's hesi tation—" the' situation may be desperate; These seven out-throats are fighting with a noose round their ne'eks. Every one of their lives is forfeited, and they are all well armed. Now, is there no suggestion yon can make to wards strengthening the garrison?' ' " Why,-of course, Marian and I both.know how fio shoot.- • ;That' m'akes.thfee of usand then we ate under cover." .. . : " Well spoken./ BotT can improve on that \- ideal—if yon can bring yourself to agree. Little \- chaps-as-they are, Bred and Basil are better "shots than either of you'ahd^game .tp the^cora.'' Hilda Selwood ' gavels g&Bp.;"' Her'twd;,little ^ones ! Why,-they were mere; babies.but yester day 1. And -now-she ' was to be called-upon to sacrifice ■them-r-tp- expose them to the; peril of , a desperate &nflibtVwhioh; woifid'fulljr tax-the courage o f gr'o'wn men. . "Pd ra.ther .not, if. it could possibly be avoided," she said at last. ■ " Very weiL But Fm muchmiataken if the young scamps won't take the matter into their own "hands directly they hear a shot fired. Now, how'inany gutiB have we? There's mine, two of - Chris's-T-that. makes six barrels, the boys'muzzle- loaders—ten barrels. Then Chris . has a five-shooter-—" *' He took- that with him." "JHdffie;?'' ' Well,-1 have a six. Altogether we "shan't";do .badly. And now you had .better break the news to Marian and MisS Avpry while I.alip down to the hut to rout out Gomfana.» And! lose no time barricading the windows. - -Mattresses are the thing for that —almost bullet proof." Arming himself * with a gun and revolver Renshaw slipped out quietly and made his way to the huts. Gomfana, like most natives, 'slept heavily and took a deal of waking, and ,'by'the time the situation was brought home to his obtuse." brain some minutes had been lost. He was a sturdy youngster of about twenty— a "raw" Kafir, that is to say one who had never been out of his native kraal and was Btripid and' ignorant of European ways. But 'at the prospect of a fight he grinned and brightened up. Just as they regained the house a glow sufiused the sky against the moutain top, and a few minutes later, a broad half-moon was 'Bailing high in the heavens. Henshaw hailed its appearance with unbounded satisfaction. The two girls had already lit' their candles for bed when Mrs. Selwood brought the un ■ welcome news, judiciously omitting the ghastly tragedy which could only horrify withont en couraging the hearers." Their method of re ceiving it was as divergent as their oharaoters. Marian, though she slightly changed color, remained perfectly cool and collected. Violet, on the other hand, turned white as a sheet and fairly shook with^terror.^.It was all they could' do to keep her from going into wild hysterics. : - ■ "This sort of thing won't do at all, Miss Ayory,"- said . RenBhaw. entering, at that moment, his sable reoruit hanging baok in the doorway.. "Why, all you've got to do is to lie down and go to sleep in perfect safety. If we exchange a shot or two that's all it will amount to. Come now, I should have thought you would have enjoyed the exoitement of a real adventure. " : Violet tried to smile, but it was the mere ghost of a smile. She still shivered and shook, and Renshaw himself seemed changed. None of -the diffident lover about him now. . He seemed in his .element at the prospect of peril. In the midst of her fears Violet remembered Marian's eulogies on his coolness and resouroe in an emergency. The recollection quieted her and she looked upon him with unbounded re spect. Then she noted Marian's calm and resolute demeanor,' and even fancied that the look of the latter was expressive of something like contempt—wherein she was mistaken, but the .idea acted as a tonic to brace her nerves.. -. Having, seen to the firearms and ammunition •and cautioned the women - to remain where they were and allow, no more light to be seen than they could help, Renshaw went the round of the house. Effie and the two little ones were sleeping soundly, so also were the two boys.. Opening the door he looked cautiously out. All was still. . • He had decided that the four corner rooms Bhonld be the points of defence, and the windows accordingly were not barricaded. The others were rendered secnre by fixing against each a couple of mattresses. Then he Went back to the ladies. The house was now all in darkness, but the moonlight streaming in above the protecting mattresses gave Bufficientlight for all purposes. "JJTow good people," he said cheerily,'" you may all go to bed. I'll call you when I want ypu. I'm going to watoh at one corner and Gomfana will take the other. There'il be no oatohing us napping. Besides, the dogs will raise the most awful shillaloo if anyone heaves insight." Shakedowns had been improvised on the ' floor with rugs and pillows. In great measure reassured by Marian's unooncer'n, Violent oon .eented to lie down. Mrs. Selwood betook her Belf to her children's room. The moon mounted higher and higher to the Sehibh, flooding the land with an eerie and chastened half lieht. The monotonous chirrup of the tree-frog, the shrill baying of a pair of. hunting, jaokals, the occasional cry of a night bird mournfully eoboing from the mountain side, floated to the watcher's ear. . Unremitting, in his vigilance, Renshaw moved silently from. foom to room; his unerring eye scanning the ground at every point, and keeping his sable lieutenant up to the. mark, lest that worthy should be tempted to doze. But Gomfana, who was armed with an axe and some assegais taken from a wall trophy, was rather thirsting for the encounter than otherwise. Some hundred and fifty yards from the main dwelling was a large outhouse block, compris ing stables, waggon shed, shearing house, &c.; On this point Renshaw's attention was mainly concentrated. He felt sure that the miscreants would take advantage of the shadow of this building to creep up as near as they could. Another point that needed-watching was the thiok quince hedge which skirted the garden, and which now afforded a shade congenial, to the assailant's movements. • Nothing is more trying to the nerves than a lonely nocturnal vigil. Most meD, brave enough in actual danger, would have felt the "creepy" effect of those silent hours as they strained their eves upon the surrounding veldt, now construing a shadow into an enemy— now hearing a whisper of voices—the tread of a stealthy footstep—in the varying and spectral sounds of the night. But Kenshaw's solitary and wandering life had inured him to these things. His chief considerations^ now were—firstly, lest the drowBy feeling which he was doing his utmost to combat should tend to dim his vigilance; secondly, the stilling of his cravingsfor just one:careEully-guarded pipe. Suddenly the .faintest., possible creak of a footfall on the floor behind him. He turned like lightning. • ■ i . " It's only rue," whispered a soft voice. And a tall figure approached in the gloom. " Marian ! Why are you not lying down with the rest?" "They're all asleep now, even "Violet. Look, I've brought you " some sandwiches. You hardly ate anything when you came in. You set to work upon them ht' once and I'll mount sentry while yoq.are having supper." " How. good ,bf ,'ypiiJ' ,he\ said,- taking the plate from, her and alsoothe gjaas of brandy and water which;she had- mixed for him. "•Why, what-have you there? ,A shooting iron?" ' " Of course. You don't suppose I was going to leave my gun behind when we are in a state of siege, do you ?" „ \ She carried a double-barrelled Breechloader —rifle and shot cartridge—ahd_ there was a warrior flash in her eyes visible in the moon light, which told that she meant to nse it, too, if occasion required. " It is very lonely for. yon, watching all by yourself," Bhe continued. "I thought I would come and keep yon company." , "So like you again. But look here, Marian, dear. You must not be exposed to danger. Single-handed I can make such an example of the schepsels that they'll probably, turn and run. Still, they might let fly a shot or two. You will go back to the others if I ask you—will you nob ?" .' Her heart thrilled tumultously within her. In the darkness she need be -at no- pains to conceal the tell-tale expression of • her face. Ah, bub—his tones, though affectionate, were merely brotherly. ' That might ■ be, but - still, whatever peril he might undergo it should be her privilege to share it—her sweetprivilege—■ and she would share it. "No; I will not," she answered, decisively. "Ican bo as cool as anyone living, man or woman. Feel my hand ; there is not a.tremble in it." And her fingers closed round his in a firm steady clasp; in-which there was nothing nervous, nothing spasmodic. . " I believe you can," he answered, " but I was thinking of your safety." " My safety !" she interrupted; Then in a different tone^" How do you suppose'they'll come, Ronshaw? .Walk openly- to the house or try to creep up in the shadow ?" "The last. You see thsy showed their hand' by tackling :me upon the road. 'Yet they may think I've turned in and, bothered no more about it. .• Hallo !" - ' "What is it?" " ■ •• , "I could have'sworn I heard something. I've got long ears—like a donkey you will say."- ' • Both listened intently, the woman with less eagerness, less anxiety, than the man. 'There was a kind of exaltation about Marian to night. Her nerves were as firm a3 those of her male companion himself, and the certainty of a bloody confiiqt was to her, in her then frame of mind, a mere matter of detail.' . "Ah! I thonght.I. was .right," he went on, as .a..premonitory "woof" from., one of the dogs lying around the house was followed by a general uprising and clamor on the part of the whole lot. Then, baying savagely, they started off in full charge in the direction'of the dark line.of shade thrown .by the willows fringing the dam, and on the opposite side-to that watohed by RenBhaw and his companion. " Marian, juBt go to the other side and-look if you can.see anything. , Yon won't,'! know, but still there's no harm in making sure." She obeyed., From.that s'lde pf the-house nothing was visible, except a' long stretch of sickly psoonlight and the line of trees; But the dogs had disappeared within the shade of the latter and were raising- a clamor that was truly infernaL -,They- seemed to be holding something or somebody in check. Then she returned to her former post. " There's nothing there," she said, "at pre sent. Ah!" . "i, , Three shadowy, figures were flitting round, the angle of the- outhouso block abovemen tioned. They gained'- the shade thrown by the front of it—erouohed and waited. "Here they , hre," r whispered Renshaw under hfs breath. V " I was up to that - dodge, One fellow wa3 told off to draw off the dogs while these jokers sneaked up in the opposite direction. Look—here comes' the rest. ' Two more figures followed, the first—then another. All were now crouching in the shadow of the "outhpuses. Still the yelling clamor of the dogs sounded distant on the other side,- kept up with unbated fury. 