THOU ART THE MAN . BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER y.— If It Could Have Bern (Continued.) The game continued slowly, languidly, till Sir Joseph laid down hta cards with a thoughtful sigh, took off his spectacles, and leaned back in his chair. " That girl doesn't like Urqwbart," he said, abruptly. " I wonder whether you noticed the change in her manner to-night." "Yes, Sir JoBQph, I .certainly did remark that Nliss Arnold seemod hardly in her usual good spirits this evening. H?s BIr. Urquhart mado himself obnoxious to her in any way ?" " Not to my knowledge. It is only a womanish prejudice, for whioh she can give no reason. I sounded her about him tho last time he was here. She doesn't like him ; doesn't know why ; objects to the eolor of his hair or the shape of his noye, perhaps. I didn't argue the matter with her, and I shouldn't have bad him here again if lio hadn't offered himself. It wouldn't have been neighborly to say no— and here is. However, if she bad liked him ever so well I should have felt very doubtful about letting hor marry him. I havo beard some disagreeable stories about him, both in relation to women and to shady transactions Prt the turf." Brandon was silent. He had not b«en favorably impressed by Lord Duqlnco's younger brother, but ho did not want tq ipjqro that gentleman's chances with Blrio Arnold, having made up his mind that Urquhart was honestly iu love with her. Sir Joseph had questioned him before to night about his own plans for the future — tho scheme of life whioh he had laid out for him self—and Brandon had told his host that ho meant to go back to Africa. His future lay there, in the wandering adventurous life. Qe had no other amhition- rno other desire. Tho -old world of civilisation could offer him nothing in exchange for the limitless horizons of the desert and the victories of the practised hunter. Sir Joseph had argued against tbe foolishness of this idea, and now to-night he took up the thread of a tormcr conversation. " I cannot conceive aiiy greater w&ste; of lifo than to tramp about a sandy wilderness and shoot lions, with occasional intervals of mala rial fevor," he said. " The life suits me as no other life could," replied Brandon. " But lmvo you no loadstar in all civi- lished Europe— no tjo to bind you to your own country ? Havo you never boen in love, or havo you given your English heart to a blackamoor ?" "Sinco my boyish paBsion for my dame's daughter, a buxom young woman of nine-and- twoiity, whom I adored when I wore Eton col lars, and tq whom I wrote six page Iqvo letters every week while I was at the university, I have been heart whole," roplicd Brandon with per fect frankness. " Nor does my passion for the land of the Zambesi extend to hor living pro ducts in the sbApe of black beauty, I' havo hitherto been adnmant to the oharms of tbo Hottentot Venus." " And you are free— freo to fall in love with a handsome woman and to marry hor ?" "No, Sir Joseph, lam not free to marry, and I shall never marry." "You are not freo ! Do yon mean to tell. mo that you entangled yourself by a foolish mar riage whilo you were still at the university- married the young woman of 29, your Eton dame's daughter?" "BIy Eton dAine's daughter was far too wise to reciprocate my boyish flame. She mqrried one of the senior masters, and is now on the high road to become wife of a Bishop." "Yet you say you are not free to marry ?" "There arc reasons in my family history which should forbid marriAge in my caso, Sir Joseph," Brandon answered gravely. And then, as in a vision of tho night, there came back upon the old man a fair young face turned to him in a sunlit room, a sad pale face streaming with tears, and a gentle voice telling him a eruel story of marriago and motherhood ending in lunacy. Yes ; this young man's mother went out of hor mind soon after his birth, And there was a strain of madness in his blood. It was only right that he should live And die unmarried ; and yet — but for this cruel bar — what An excellent husband ho would have made for Blarie. Sir Joseph believed in himself as a judge of character, and ho had formed a high opinion of Brandon Mountford's rectitude and good feel ing. And then he would have liked to have shown kindness to the son of that man whom Luoy Mountford had loved with a girl's innocent fancy before she hud seen the face of her elderly husband. Chapter VL— Urquhart Considers Him self III Used. That suggestion of a possible marriago had stirred the wators of Blarah in Brandon Brountford'a memory. In every man's mind there is somo Blarah pool which needs but a breath to disturb its bittor wators. "With him the pool lay still And deep, yet he had an ever prosent consciousness that it was thoro, a silont sorrow, which made his life different from the lives of other young men. The feAr of hereditary madness was the shadow that, wrapped bim round and set him apart from men of his own nge and circum stances, and hemmed him in with considera tions which but rarely block a young man's pathway. He looked back to-night in the solitude of his bedroom at Elicrslie, with the Gothic oasements ilung open to the soft spring night, and with all tho waste of dark waters stretching far away to the distant silvery line that marked tho horizon, touched with starlight Ho looked back as he often looked, and remembered bis solitary childhood with his father's mother, old BIrs. Blountford, widow of General Blountford, who had fought in Arthur Wellesley's Indian campaign. He remombered that sad childhood, his father away in India, a captain of engineers under Sir Robert Napier ; his grandmother a gloomy woman, ovangelioal, with piuohed means, and a bitter sense of disappointment in her only son, despondent alike of the here and tho heroafter. Ho romemberod how when he was between fourteen and fifteen he had been sent from "Wellington College to a house at Highgate to see his dying mother, the mother whoso face ho had never looked upon within his memory. A lucid or semHuoid interval had marked the ebbing away of life, and she had entreated to see her son, hor baby, as she called him piteously. Tlie tall lad stood beside her bed, holding her wasted hand in bis, looking down at her witii tearful eyes ; and her first impulse hud been to repudiate him. " Who is this groat boy ?" sho asked. " Bline was a little baby." The nurse tried to explain to her, but she did not listen to the explanation. Sho was looking at the boy's face, and that told her more than anything tbe nurse could say about tbo years that had gone and the changes made by time. "Yes, yes, you are my boy," she cried. " You have your father's eyes. Where is he— where is my husband ? Why doesn't ho como to me ? He is very unkind — everybody is unkind." The lad stayed at the dootor's house until all was over, and saw muoh of his mother in those last few days— those slowly closing hours of life during which her mind was clearer for brief intervals than it had been in all tho melancholy years since her son's birth. From dootor and nursen the son heard the history of those long years of seolusion ; her delusions, her fancies, the gleams of reason, the sad periods of utter darkness. He saw the rooms in which she had lived, brightly furnished, home like, comfortable even to luxury ; and he under stood how the absent husband had considered and cared for hie helpless wife, shirking no out lay that could ensure her well being. Ho walked in the garden where she had walked, a spacious, old fashioned garden where the trees and shrubs and holly hedges had been growing for more than a century, and from whioh he could sso the great oity veiled in its smoke curtain, vague, formless, monstrous. He walked there full of melancholy thoughts. The poor mother— all his life long a prisoner within those narrow bounds. No, not quite a prisoner. She bad boen allowed carriage airings whenever her condition permitted her being taken out of doors— carriage airings in tbe custody of a mad house nurse. She had been no better off tbnn a State prisoner at best. Years afterward, when he saw the rocky island of St. Marguerite, and the prison in which the Iron Mask endured so many years of silent solitude, his thoughts went back to tho bright little Bitting room at Higbgate and the sunny garden above tbe great smoke bound city. Those few days at Hjghgate made a crisis in yonng Brandon Mountford's youth. Ho went back to Wellington an altered being, gnd masters and boys wore alike struck with tho change which his mother's death had made in him. It was odd that ho should take his loss so deeply to heart, they said, since ho bad seen very little of his mother — a confirmed invalid. Over Brandon's life boncoforth there brooded the shadow of a dark fate. Ha bad talked to the dootor at Highgate, bad pressed bipi closely upon the question of hereditary lunaoy, had inquired into the nature of bis mother's malady, and had discovered thpt the mental flaw had first showed itself In the forrq of epilepsy, from which she bad suffered as a young girl, but having, as it was supposed, entirely outlived the tendency to that terrible disease, she and her parents had kept that dark experi ence of her girlhood a seoret ,from her husband and his family, on offenco \yhjch old Mrs. Blount ford had never forgiven. Over him, too, hung that horror of possible epilepsy. He brooded on this possibility, and magnified its horror as only youthful imagina tion can. He thought of Himself as a creature apart from his fellows, marked with the signs of a revolting disease. When the fifth chapter of tho Second Book of Kings was read in charoh he compared himself with Naaman, tho leper ; but, alas ! the ago of miraculous cures was past. There was no river In which ho could wash and be freo from the tendency tbat was in his blood— tho awful heritage from his dead mother. Hs exaggerated all his boyiBh ailtqonts, saw in ovory headache an indication of impending evil. It may havo been by reason of these glqomy thoughts and opproasing fears, or it have been that his fears wore rightly grounded, and that tho fatal tendency was latent in his constitution, that the dreaded evil happened. Ho was nearly 18 years of ago when thq first attack occurred. The foul fiend of epilepsy seized upon him one oyqryng in tho school chapel, rent and tore him, and left him shattered and weakened, with a dull despair in his heart. Henceforth hq lcpew himself doomed. One after another these horriblo convulsive seizures would tear qt brain and body until reason would be wicked in thp niggle, and madness would close the sceno. As it had been with his mother, so jfc would bo with him.' Ho gavo up all idea of the army. Hp went to Cambridgo, worked hard there, and in his threo years of university life had only that milder form pf epileptic seizure which French physicians caff le petit vial , in contradistinction to tbo sevoro and convulsive type, or le grand viaL Sometimes iu his rooms, with lijs books opeji beforo him, or on tbo river, the senile in his hands moving slowly with measured beat, there would bo a sudden lapse of consoiousnes9. Ho would go on rowing, perhaps, with is meohanical motion ; or the sculls would cease tp work, and tho boat would drift with the tide for alittloway, the man sitting there lost to tho world around him, knowing nothing tiff the slow awakening as from a trance, with the knowledge that he had lost himself, that in thoqe few minutes reason and memory had gone. The consciousness of this malady darkened tl)oso years which should have bson so full of pleasantness ; but he managed to take his degree aud to oome out of tho examinations creditably, to the dqlight of his father, who eujoyed a year'? furlough in his son's soeioty, travelling through Franco and Italy, At Brijidisi father and son parted — on board a P & 0 steamer — parted never to meet again on earth, for within a few months of rejoicing his regiment BIyjor Blountford died of jungle fever, and Brandon was lord of himself and of ft small income. Tho first use he made of his independenoe was to shake off the trammels of civilisation and to ?ot his face towards tho wilderness. His dootor at Oambridge had told him that bis best chance of warding . off future attacks and of outgrowing his malady would be found in ft free, adventurou? life — sport, travel — uudcr God's open sky. Blueh learning was a thing for him to avoid; nor would ho be wise in going to the Bar, or in taking up medioinc as a profession. Ho bad stayed at Oambridge and worked for his degree only to gratify his father. Ho had no ambition of his own in association with tho civilised world. If ho were to go through life torn by devils, let tho tormentors como upon him in the desert, where thero would be none to see him in his agony, or ut least no one whose scornful pity, could smite him to the quick. His life in the wilder ness had been on tho whole a happy life. His love of sport and adventure had grown aud strengthened with the growth of his skill a? a marksman and his aoumen ns an explorer. Nob ofteu had his hereditary malady overtaken bim in tho midst of his wanderings, but he had not been altogether free from such visitations, and ho knew that the fatal tendency was still un- conquered, an enemy kept at bAy for the most part, but not beaten. What assurance bad he that epilepsy might not soonor or later develop into dementia, as In the case of his mother? Sir Joseph had not even hinted at his idea of BIr. Montford as a husband for Blaria ; so there had been no barm done, thought tho old man as hs reflected upon last night's conversa tion with his guest, while he took his morning walk on thoterrace before the 9 o'olock breakfast. Brandon had started for tho river some hours before, having risen at dawn ; but he and tbo keeper bad gone down to tbo stream alouo, Urquhart pleading a headache as a reaeou for staying indoors. Blario Arnold appeared on the terraee, looking bright and frosli in her pink cotton frock and black silk apron, soon after 8, and joined Sir JoHoph in his walk. " A long letter from Sibyl," said tho old man. " Sho is ooming back early next week. Her cough is quite gone, and she is pining for home. You'll be glad to havo her back again, won't you, Blario?" ' 1 V ery glad. Ellerslio is not Ellerslio without her. " "And about tbis time next year she will be getting herself ready for the first May Draw- ingroom, and then good-byo Ellerslie, and good bye girlhood," said Sir Joseph, with a sigh. " She will be swallowed up alive in the fashion- ablo whirlpool, and you and I will lose our hold upon ber." " I am not afraid of that, Sir Joseph. I don't think anything the world can do will everchaugo her." " Well, perhaps you are right. Her mother passed through tbo ordeal unchanged. She was in the world, but never of it. She was like that young woman old John Evelyn was so fond of who went dancing through tho fiery furnace of court lifo, play actiug and singing, and waiting, upon the Queen, and talking to the King, in a society where half the womeu wore— unmentionable, ( and yet remained a saint to the last. Ah, me ! Sweet BIrs. Godolphln died in the bloom of her youth and beauty, like ray dear wife. Well, Blarie, we must reconcile ourselves to the inevitable. Sibyl's school room days are over, aud you are no longor a young girl. You must marry, my dear. Wc must find a good husband for you." "Pleaae do not try to anticipate Destiny, Sir Joseph," said Blarie, with a little nervous laugh and a very vivid blush. "If Providence means mo to marry the husband will appear in due time, and in the meantime I shall be quite content to live my own quiet life here with old Blra. Morison whilo you and Sibyl are in Lon don." " And you will not think yourself hardly used— you won't think it hard that Sibyl should havo all tho pleasures the great world oan give while you are buried in this dull country home." "What right havo I.to envy Sibyl her life? I ought to feel nothing but gratitude for your goodness to my mother and to me. If you had made mo a servaut I ought to have been con tented." "Don't, Marie, don't! You pain me when you talk like that. I want you to be happy independent, assured of a bright future. I want you to feel that you havo a claim upon me— a strong olaim— that you are as muoh to rao as an orphan niece could be— more than a nieoe— almost aa much an a daughter," added Sir Joseph, his eyes dim with tears. "You are all goodness to me. I have had more affection from you than I ever had from my mother, and Sibyl has been all a sister could be. Do you think I am going to complain be cause her lot is to be in the great world and mine out of it?" " Yon bis a good girl, and your lot may be happier than hers perhaps. Who can tell ?" Life went on vary quietly at Elleralie after this conversation between Sir Joseph and hie adopted daughter, but that idea of finding a husband for Marie Arnold was still uppermost in hie mind, and he was startlod when Hubert Urquhart came to him in hiB atudy two days later, and oonfeased devoted aflfoetion for Miss Arnold, an affection which he only waited Sir Joseph's oonsant to declare to the young lady. "What! Have you said notiiing to Marie about your feelings ?" asked Sir Joseph. " Nothing definite. I may have hinted at the state of the case. It has been hardly possible for me to be in her society and not let her see that I adore hor." " And how bos she taken your hints or your adoration?" " She ia an enigma to me, Sir Joseph. Yet I ean but think if I had your approval — if you showed yourself really in favor of our marriage —she would not look unkindly upon me." " Oh, you think she would not object if I urged your suit. Well, Mr. Urqubart, I'll be frank with you, and confess that you aro about the last man I would choose as a husband for my adopted daughter. I may as well oall her my adopted daughter, for I have all a father's nffeotion for her." "I am assured of that, Sir Joseph," said Urqubart ; " but I sin at a loss to understand your objestion to me as a matoh for a young lady who, I am informed, is the daughter of working man who was in your employment in Bdgium, and who therefore would make some advance in the social soale if she became the wife of an earl's younger son." "True hearts are more thsn coronets," Mr. \- Urqubart. "Your lineage is unobjectionable; but I eannot say as muoh for your character or antecedents." "I may have gone the pace a little," ad mitted Urquhart ; but I have sown my wild oats." "It is not your wild oats I aro thinking about so much as the character of the sower," answered Sir Joseph gravely. " I have heard stories of your unkindncss and negleot as a husband, Mr. Urquhart. Forgive me if I sny that you have not a good obaraetcr from your last plaoe. I have been told that your wife died of a broken heart." " Then you have been told lies, Sir Joseph. Society seldom forgives a man who marries out of its ranks. I married a country parson's pen niless daughter ; and any unhappiness there may have been in her life was the result of oir- cumstances over whioh I had no control. Were I to marry your adopted daughter I conclude you would make a settlement whioh would seoure her from the pinoh of poverty, and whioh might help me to carve out a oareer for myself, either in politics or at the bar." " I would do much for a man she could love, and whom I could trust," replied Sir Joseph, gravely. " No question of money should stand between her and happiness. But, to be frank with you once more, you are by no means the man I would cIioobs." "I understand," said Urquhart, pale with anger, yet trying to be oourtaous. " You have made your ohoioe already, perhaps. Mr. Mount- ford is the man you would prefer?" " Mr. Mountford is out of the question. He Is a bachelor by inclination, and is bent upon a roving life in South Africa." "Perhaps, Sir Joseph, after your frankness— whioh implies a considerable prejudioe against me — I had better paak my portmanteau and leave the salmon to more favored anglers. I have no right to inflict an nnwelooma gnest upon your family circle." " Don't talk nonsense, man. I may object to you as a husband for an impulsive, inex- perienoed girl ; but tbat'b no reason why I should turn you out of doors. Stop as long as yon like, only give Marie no more hints of your adoration. I have an idea that she is tolerably heart whole so far as you are con cerned." Urquhart did not order the packing of hia portmanteau. The aalmon river waa very attraotive at this season, and it would not have suited hiB plans to leave Elleralie, "bbove all to leave Brandon Mountford master of the situa tion ; for let Sir Joaeph say what he would, Urquhart thought that Mountford's pretensions would be favored. Mountford's family waa as good as his — Urquhart'a — and Monntford's antecedents offered no ugly blote to the inquiring eye. He had done well at the Uni versity. He had never made himself notorious by riotous living or debt. He had won renown bb a fine shot and a sagacious explorer, and bad lately published a record of hie travels, whioh had beon praised by the oritioe and appreciated by the public. In suoh a man ae this Urquhart eaw a dangerous rival. He saw, too, that Marie was interested in Mountford, and that it needed but some show of sympathy on his part to win her heart. Here, however, he was pnzzisd. Mountford seemed eareleis of oharms whioh kindled Urquhart'a warmest feelings. Was this cold, ness simulated, the mask of some deep design, or waa the man really indifferent ? Urquhart watebed bim closely, and oould surprise no touoh of tenderness amidst hie unvarying cour tesy ; yet hie own natural bent towards dissimu lation inolined him to believe that Mountford waa only masking his batteries. 'There are somo women who only care for the unattainable, and it might be that Marie thought ail the more of Mountford because ehe had botn unable to sub jugate him. Urquhart had tried the other plan and had failed ignominiously. Mountford had been nearly three weeks at EliersIie, and Beemed to have interwoven him self into the family life. Sir Joaeph had taken a cordial liking to bim, and it waa the thorough ness of the old man's friendliness whioh induoed him to protraot his visit much beyond his original intention. "I don't know .what we shBll do without you when you leave us," laid Sir Joseph. "We shall miss him sadly when he goes ; shan't we, Mario ? " He did not eea Marie Arnold's vivid blush as she bent over tbo newspaper she bad been read ing, and he thought her answer was cold and oareless. And thon he , remembered Brandon's determination to remain unmarried — a rosolvo that was perhaps overscrupulous, since his mother's Bad malady might have bequeathed no fatal taint to him — and he thought it a meroiful dispensation that Marie Arnold should be care less and indifferent. It wad after 7 o'olook whon Mountford oame home that evening. He had been for a long and lonely ramble over the moore, glad to esoape from Urquhart's society even nt the sacrifice of sport. Urquhart's conversation was the essence of worldly wisdom, of the streets streety ; and a man who has spent hiB happiost years in the lonely places of the earth, and has communed with God and Nature under tropiaal stars, does not find muoh salt or savor in the petty gossip of clubs or the intrigues and money troubles of men about town. " I never knew suoli a fellow for not being interested in things that interest other men," said Urquhart discontentedly, when one of his choicest anecdotos bad fallen flat. "I don't believe you care even for the turf." "Not a jot," answered Brandon. "I admire a racehorse because he ia the perfection of blood and speed, not because he oan win a cup." "Your indifference makes you very bad com pany," grumbled Urquhart. "We can't all shoot . lions." To- day Brandon had bathed his 'soul and senses in solitude, and he felt all tiro better for the long ramble in the wild, bleak country. He had seen Dunluco Castle afar off, tall and grey above the ridge of the moor, and ho won dered idly whether he would ever see it nearer, and what kind of a man its owner, Urquhart's older brother, might be. And now in the fading light he walked up the hill and by the winding shrubberied road that led to Elleralie House. A carriage was driving a little way in front of him as he passed the lodge gate. It disappeared at the first turn of the road, and he thought no more of it until he saw it standing before the porch, while a footman busied him self in carrying various articles of luggage, hand bags, books, umbrellas and suoh small deer into the hall. From the hall oamo a sound of voices, Sir Joseph's stroog baritone, and girlish voiea whioh was like musio, so low and sweetly toned. Could it be the daughter of the honso? Brandon went into the hail feeling shyor than ha had ever been jn his lifo before. In those last days of confidential intaroourae in Italy, when the father and aon had talked together ae roan and man, Waiter Mount ford had told bis Bon that pathetic story of a hopeless love struggled against valiantly and never revealed. The thought that he was going to eee the daughter of the woman hia father had loved thrilled him strangely. Ho had been told that Sibyl was like her mother, and it was with a feeling almost of awe that he approaohed the girl of 18. He remembered an old photograph', grey and faded, a poor little photograph takea on the beach atBognor by an itinerant photographer —the portrait of a girl in a broad brimmed hat and an old fashioned frock, but with oh, so sweet and delicate a countenance — features ao refined in their chiselling, suoh lovely lines of ohin and throat, and suoh a elonder, graceful figure ! His father bad taken that poor littlo photograph from his despatch box. It was on glass, and it had accompanied him ell over India without coming to grief ; and from the shadow land of death and vanished years the yomig face had looked at Brandon dimly, like a very ghost. Yes, there were the aame features, the same gracious lines, the same soft depth in the dark grey eyes that were looking at him now. "Hullo, Mountford," orled Sir Joseph gaily ; "the master of the bouse has come homo. No more lax behavior now ! We shall have to mind our manners. Come and be introduced to my tyrant." Sibyl held out hor hand to him in tho frankest, friendliest way. "I am ever so muoh obliged to you for helping to keep father in good spirit," she said. Chapter VIL—Drbamino and Waking. Life at Ellerslie took a new oolor for Brandon Mountford after that day. It had been pleasant, easy, unconventioual from the beginning. He had felt the cordiality of Sir Joseph's welcome, the aaeurance that hia preseuce gave pleasure to hia host ; but these things made an everyday happiness, and there was nothing wonderful or dreamlike in a well found country boUBe, a fine salmon river and a blunt, generous tempered old man who had begun hia ascent to Fortune's Temple on the lowest rung of the ladder. Sibyl's coming had ohanged the country house into an enchanted palace, the wind blown terrace and lawns aud shrubberies overlooking the bleak North Sea into an earthly paradise. Her coming had ohanged lifo into a lovaly dream. Har light figure moving to and fro on the rough banks of the river turned that stream into a magical watercoursa leading to an unexplored Eden. Whon a boating ex pedition was proposed one day ha almost expected to find the boat drifting into the azure light of caverns as blue as her eyes. He expected anything wonderful and abnormal rather than the rude, grey hills and the barren moorland. , In tho beginning he surrendered himself blindly to the enobantment of this fair girl's society. He knew that he oould never think of himself or be thought of by Sir Joseph as a pos sible husband for this heiress of mines and mil lions. Sir J oseph had frankly stated hia ambi tious hopes for his daughter- " She must marry a peer, my dear Monnt- ford," he said. "I want her to go book into the great world whioh har mother left when she stooped to marry me. I want to see hor a countesi before I die. She is pretty enough, and she will ba rich enough to be a duohess — if there were an eligible duke. I won't marry her to a fortune seeker or a profligate, Mount ford. I may be ambitioue, but I won't sacrifice my girl's happinesa even to make her a great lady." AH this had bain said more than onee before Sibylla's return, and all this Mountford had accepted ae inevitable— a deoree of destiny, since Sir Joseph was the kind of man to oarry out hie own ideas to the letter, and it would be hard if among the bachelor Peers of Great Britain a worthy ae well as a titled husband oould not be fonnd for Sibylla. Mountford knew himself out of the running. "Wereladuke, andthe inheritor of a oouple of shires, I should be juat ae ineligible ae I am now," ba thought. " Nothing would ever induce mo to link my life with another and blight the heart that loved me." ( To be continued. J 