OVEll THE GRAMPIAN HILLS. - A VISIT TO THE TUCKER SETTLEMENT. By Ouii Special Reporter. 1 Ifc is nafc to say that tboro aro comparatively few people in tha oolony who have evor heard of Moora Moorn. It is not the sort of place oue is likely to hear talked about. Until rcoontly jt lias retained its pristino primeval condition, raroly disturbed by tho incursions of civilised man, and then only temporarily inhabited by adventurous huntors in search of kangaroo, wallaby and other products of wild nature. With tho oxccpUon, porliape, of soma portions of Gippsland thero is no part of Victoria at once so pioturosquc in scenery, so health giving In position and atmosphere, so little known, ami it might bo added, so difficult of access, Moora Moora lies botweon two ranges of mountains— the Grampians and tho Victoria— in what is known as Vic toria Valley, wbioh in itself is Bevcral hundred feet above the level of tho sea, Stnwoll, about 28 miles to the north-eaBfc, is tho nearest railway town, but tho route lies over tho Grampian ranges, and horscbaok riding and walking are necessary for a greater part of the distance. Horsham, on the north, is 45 miles away, and Dunkeld, on the south, 40 miles. Driving is possiblo by- both these routes, but it is not preferable to lovers of tho pic- turcaquo ruggednoss of mountain scenery. The used, as tho indistinctness of the traok over the Grampians is ovidenco of the limited number of persons who pass this way. And it is only within tho last year that cither of tho tracks has been used and that Moora Moora (whioh is native verna cular for "the ghost, tho ghost") has taken its position in tho list of tho inhabited placos of Victoria. This haB boon brought about by the settlomont of a number of men on the land undor tho scheme promulgated by the Rot. Horace F. Tuckor, whose oarnest, practical work in tho dirootion of solving tho unemployed problem cannot be too highly praised. Tho Tucker Village Settlement Association had already opened up a sottlcment at Won wondah, a few milos from Horsham, but as fchoro were no means tboro of turning tho labor to immediato rcproduotivo account — the farming and fruit growing needing time to develop — stops were taken to fuid a suitable placo for the estab lishment of a saw mill whero men could set to work at once earning money, which would pay for their food and clothing, and possibly help tho association to carry on and extend its bene ficent operations. In tho search for a forest possessing tiinbor worth outting and enough of it to last for a considerable time, the association almost literally "discovered " Moora Moors, which in tho matter of timber has a most abundant supply. Here red gum tress of enormous height and girth abouud, tho timbor, when out, being adjudged by compe tent exports to bo some of tho finest yot found in tho colony. Moroovor, tho looality, dospite its diotanco from tho irnsy haunts of men, could not bo bottored for settlement pur poses. Tho land, with a little oaro and cultivation, might bo used for growing almost anything. There is plenty of good water close at hand, the atmosphero is delightfully invigorating and equablo, tho scenery, with tho Grampian and Viotoria ranges looming up on each uido, is soarcely to bo equalled in Vio toria, and most of the wild animals indigenous to tho colony subsist in tho surrounding bush for the sport of tho men when they shall liavo arrived at that stago of aflluonce which enables them to purchase a gun and keep it in ammuni tion. Ah it is one or two of tho settlers possess rifles, and thoy aro able to show a pilo of kanga roo and wallaby skins as evidenco of tho use to whioh thoy have, been put. The association obtained the right from tho Lands department to out timbor for miles nround, ami at a rent of £16 a yoar— which will probably bo shortly reduced — they took out a lease of 5 acres of land for the establishment of a eaw mill and the building of settlers' homos. For tho right to out timbor the association pays a royalty to the Government of 5s. per 1000 foot super, on tho logs that arc brought iu. Worked out, tliia would come to about 3d. on every railway slooper (9 foet long, 9 inches wide and -H inohes thiok) out at tho mill. And tho Government sees that it gets its money, too, as each log is measured by tho Grown Lands ranger for the district. Soon after tho association entered Into pos- session it was lucky enough to obtain a contract iu the open market from tho Railway depart ment for tho supply of 20,000 sleopers at 4s. per sleopor, whioh is now nearly completed. Tiii.s looks a remunerative price as it stands, hut it must be romomborsd that tboso flleepcra have to be carted 45 miles before thoy roaoh tho railway, and that beforo thoy can bo sawn the logs have to be hauled a considerable distance. Tints, when tho expenso of cartage to Horsham, log hauling and Govornmont royally have boon paid, thero is baroly half the piiua obtained loft to tho association. Out of thi ; the men and their wives and iamilics liavo to h» fed and clothed, tho machinery has to bo kept in repair and tho cost of management defrayed. What romuins when this has been done is distributed amongst tho men in tho shape of bonuses, so that, in one way or another, they get tho full benefit of all they' earn. Thus encouraged, they work like Trojans, knowing that in proportion to tho offorts thoy mako their monetary position is improved, provided always of course that tho association can disposo of the results of thoir labor. At first tho mou had a hard strugglo to start the settlement satisfactorily, the floods of last winter retarding progress considerably, and the discontent of a few, very few, pusillanimous, worthless city loafers contributing in a small degree to discourage the othor well intcntioned, honest settlers from showing any enthusiasm or manifesting a practical interest in their now and novel surroundings. However, with tho fmo weathor and the dismissal of tho grumblers, things began to improve. Tho settlers put their hoarts into the work thoy had to do, thinking not of personal inconveni ences or of tho roughness of tho labor, but striving only to promote tho good of a com mon cause, for in the suaooss of this they saw and recognised that their own salvation lay, Now there is scarocly a moro contented, hard- ; working, harmonious band of men to bo found anywhere. Thoy aro men with tho roal grit in them — men prepared to work under almost any conditions so long as food, clothing anil a little fclioltcr uvo assured thorn and their families. They get moro than this at Moora Moora. Thoy. get a beautiful country and an invigorating atmo- ephero to livo in, whioh means health ; they arc free from tho worries of landlord and trades man, and thoy got tho necessaries of life if they don't get tho luxuries. These considerations count for something ia tho present condition of nffiiirs, when amongst mauy hundreds of city families bare cupboards and bnro boards arc tho common lot, and when men's finger joints aro stilt' from disuse. At any rato, iboso who are working at Moora Moora count them as privi lege.', and arc satisfied accordingly. It was for tho purpose of sooing how the settle ment was progressing that the Rev. Hornco Tucker, Sir. J, M'Callum (tho onorgctio score- taiy and general manager of the whole of the Tuckor Village Settlements) and a representative of The Aye sot out from Stawoll on a visit to Moora Moora on Friday laid. Mounted on a steady going horso tho journey is one of perfect enjoyment, scarcely tobo surpassed in the colony. This applies particularly to that part which lie through tho mountains. For tho first 16 miles tho road iu good enough for buggy driving, and in the early morning, " with gold in its mouth," with tho Grampians showing up boldly in tho distanco, and with mnny protty natural effect to admire cu route, riding or driving, one experiences a sense of pleasure and nn abaohco of tlio monntony which usually charac terises those flat country journeys. Wo roach the Grampians almost boforo tho morning mists liavo had time to lift, and what looked liko nn impenetrable) barrior in tho .distance now gives way to quite a sylvan cntranco through what is known as "Hall's Gap." By a tugged, winding track wo soon begin to ascend, with wattle and mimosa and small gum trees swishing in one's face, as If by way of protest ugaiust this intrusion. Not far from the entrance is tho scene of the Ohatauquacamp, and having traversed thoWhito Patch to a hoight of several hundred feot, tho horsos aro glvon a breathing space, whilo the ontraticing beauty of tho scene Is admired. Further up, by Slippery Rock, whioh consists of huge slabs of stone rising diagonally up the mountain on the othor side of a yawning ahnsm, one gets a view of oven greater magnificence, if degrees bo admitted whero all is so boautiful, so impres sive, so romantic. From out the gap, with mountainH towering on each fide, tho eyo travels out over a density of woodland to the farthest point, where earth appears immaterial against the sky, and oomlng baok it lights on the gleaming bond of a river, seeming but as a silvor thread in the siini,ight, and the morning mists, rising into bluish indefinable atmosphoro over the tops of numberless trees. Tho sun glints on the rocks opposite, and throws into relief little streams of water coursing out of fissures, whilo to the left tho mountain, green with gum trees, and with n purple haze hanging over them, rises nobly up against tha sun, looking sullen in tho shade. And so we progress for a mile or two on the ledge of an awful abyss, then plunge into valleys whero the mountain atroam tempts horso and man to drink, and riso amidst dense scrub, startling wallaby aoross tho track. Tho difficulties of trnoing and traversing tho un certain traok, necessitating concentration on the things immediately in front, the constant mount ing and remounting of horso and pulling them up breathless ascents, minimises somewhat the pleasure and opportunity of admiring the sur rounding scenery. At one time a jinker track was cut over the rnnge, but where the heavy mountain floods have not washed it into deep and dangorous holes, and left huge stones along its course, big trees have fallen aoross and the rudo wooden bridgos have been burnt. The rest of tho journey is for tho most part fair travolliug, with patohen of open country along tho trolly tracks for an enjoyable onntor. Down Scrubby Greek, over I'hHlips's Island — so called because in tho whiter it is surrounded by water —and round by Paddy's Castle— a bold jagged rook jutting out from the mountain sido, with an apparently loose stono on the extreme top, looking liko a brick on a ohimuey— and the sound of the circular saw cutting its way through tho red gum and tho snort of tho engine oomes to us, faintly at first, increasing iu volume, with the shoutti of ohildron and the barks of many dogs as we emerge into a piece of open land on which theso hardy men with their families havo elected to work anil live. How incongruous it nil seems ! Tho kangaroo hops with all tho unconcern of his primeval condition not a few hundred yards from tho rattle of tho most modern of steam mnchinory. One might very well imagine these peoplo to ho tho first settlers iu a new couutiy, so isolated aro thoy from tho rost of tho world. And, indeed, thoy aro something of tho kind. They are making a living, and laying the founda tion of what one can only hope will turn out to be a prosperous township from oue of the least known portions of the colony. This iu an ideal biding place — thiB valley surrounded by moun tains, but it seems about tho Inst place in the world where man would come and plant his modern appliances, and saw his way, if not to fortune to a rcspeotablo and independent livelihood. Some difficulty was ex perienced in getting tho machinery to this out of the way place, everything having to bo carted by bullook teams. Even now It takes three dny» or moro to got a load of provisions from Horsham, but thero are some 18 or 20 teams on the road, so that tho riottlurs uovor run short of anything. Besides theso road teams there arc four others engaged in log hauling in the forest. All of theso aro hired, with tho exception of one team of 22 bullocks, whioh belongs to tho settlement. The log haulers ato paid eo much por log, according to tho immhor of sleepers oaoh log produces. Tho machinery is very com plete and iu excellent order, and as it stands now is valued at £800. At first tho settlement possessed only a circular saw, which had to break up the huge logs as well as turn out the sleepers. This was necessarily a aIow process, and tho inon could hardly keep pace with tho demand for nlccpors. Within tho last few months a vertical saw has boon added, with other improvements. The breaking up of the logs and tho Bawing of sleepers now goos on simultaneously, nml the mill, with 18 hands at work, oan turn out as many as 200 sleopers a day. This ia equal to a mouey value of £40— not a bad day's work for 18 mcu. Tho work, too, is uouc of tho lightest, and requires both a stout heart and strong limb. They work at tho mill for 10 hours a day, and put in the rest of their time in making their homes com fortable. These are built of rodgum entirely, and some aro models of comfort, certainly healthier and more comfortablo than tho wretched hovels in which somo of these families eked out on existence in town, Altogothor, including 4 women and children, thero are hotwecn 70 and 80 souls at Moora Moora. The peoplo aro supplied with sub stantial, wholcsomo rations from Melbourne, and they got fresh meat sent over from a station somo 12 miles away. The pasture is not good for dairy cattle, and tho illimitable forost affords them too great a temptation to roam. Gows, therefore, cannot be kopt, and butter and milk arc luxuries. Still a good many sottlers possess goats, which afford a supply of milk. With tho bard and continuous work necessitated by the pressing demand for railway slooper the men havo not bad much titno to devoto to gardening nnd other domestic operations ; but notwithstanding iu the short tiino some have done wonders, nnd they havo neat little plots prepared, whioh promise to turn out well undor cultivation next year. Of the olftHH of men settled at Moora Moora one cannot speak too highly. Many of them were engaged in work in Melbourne the very antithesis of wiiat they are now doing. But neod and the cry of starving children demanded prompt action, and so they were put on tho settlement with tho full knowledge that tho lifo would involve some hardship in the first place, and plenty of hard woik. One man, in his former occupation, had novcr been called on to lift anything heavier than a shoot of paper ; now he ia engaged in stacking heavy sleepers all day, and has becomo one of t ho host and most con tented workmou on tho scttlomcnt. Another, who" had been a weakly looking man, engaged behind a shop counter, is now oue of tho strongest men amongst the lot, and is put to the heaviest work. Other men thoro are who are capable of doing anything and doing it well. A fellow who was a carpenter is now engaged in making heavy log trollies, sharpening oirenlnr saws, keeping a bee farm, acting as concortiuisb to the settlement, gardening, poultry keeping and many other things. Tie seems to have shown a special nptitudo for bee keeping. Starting with two hives, ho has now 40, all made by himself and producing large quantities of honey, more titan sufficient to supply the whole sottlcment. Last year one of the hivos produced as much as 310 lb. of honey, and next year ho hopou to have oxtended his operations sufficiently to be able to send a large quantity— quite £150 worth— to tho market. He has constructed tanks and sepa rators for tho purposo, and has even gone so far as to draw label designs— quite artistic designs, too — for tho tins or bottles in whioh he proposes to send the honey away. Tho association will no doubt do all they oAn to encourage this industrious fellow, who by his bees aloito ih now in a position to earn a com fortablo living. Other men there aro equally as industrious. One, an ex-non-cora- missioned officer, who writes shorthand, acts as storekeeper, bookkeeper, school teacher and lay preuclier; and another thero was who begged tUo Rev. Mr. Tucker ni bo was leaving to send him up a lexicon, in order that he might pursue his studies of Greek, of which he had more than a rudimen tary knowledge. These ore the men to maku village settlements a success— clear headed, reasonable, persevering, hard working men. Tho women, too, who havo joined their hus bands at the settlement, aro equally pleased and satisfied with tho life. Thoy confobs that they never enjoyed such good health as now, and the ohildron, with the expansive forest as a play ground, aro beooming quite wild creatures of nature. What is needed is a competent teacher to educate this growing population. There aro enough ohildron now to occupy the attention of one man entirely, and the association will doubt less sco that this want is supplied bofore long. And the population of Moora Moora is steadily increasing as one noticed on Friday night when four ohildron wero baptised by Mr. Tucker. It was a primitlvo ceremony this. Tho store was tho church, a rickety red gum table the altar, a puddling basin tho font and rude keroiono lamps mado out of wine bottles hnd pieces of wiok gave the "dim religious light." Despite tho primitive condition of things, there was an impressiveness, a solemnity about the ceremony whioh ono would not fed in a cathe dral. And then hoarty vetoed hymn's wont up on the still forest air to tho accompaniment of a ooncertioa. Afterward, the men listened respectfully and with attention to tho fow words of encourage ment and advioo whioh the rev. gentleman bad to offer, and when afterwards they came to disousH business details oua common ground with Mr. Tucker and his oondjutor, Mr. M'Gal- lum, there was a feeling of manly self reliance expressed, of a dosiro to work hard and unitedly for tho sucooss of the settlement, And of thank- fulucss to tho directors of the association for the praotical sympathy they had mani fested in their welfare. Tho true co-opera tivo spirit was shown when it was agreed, subjeot to the approval of the associa tion, to do away with all paid labor in connec tion with tho settlement as far as practicable, so that oaoh man might work for tho benefit of his follows, nnd the result of their united efforts go towards the dovclopmunt of thoir immediato interests. When we see an association composed of-n fow philanthropic gentlemen Accomplishing, prnotically without State aid of any kind, such a fine objeob as this, surely tbo Government should bs able to do tho same on a larger scale and thus roliovo the streets of Melbourne from their burden of idle workers. If Mr. M'TrHyre ?r m. Petersen desire to ccc co operation at work and a happy and oontentod band of workers, let them visit Moora Moora. The trip would bo a pleasant one, and tho infor mation to be gained would probably be not altogethor useless in the development of thoir oWn village setHoment polioy. Mr. Tuckor has demonstrated to ropletion that these settlements aro of groat boncfit to the people. It is the duty of tho Government now to expand this splendid work as quickly and widely as possible. 