Our London Letter. Queen Anne's Gate, London, December 19,1893. MT DEAR CLARA,-Be not alarmed, but this week I feel "a regular croaker." Of course* . everybody and everything is getting ready for A Regular Croaker. Christinas and its attendant fatigues, to say nothing of its indigestions. And there is no end of fusses and excitements, and " such a getting up stairs and playing on the fiddle, &c.;" Don't you find it rather a bore these periodical attacks of feasts and merry-makings, all these spasmodic and frantic preparations for some- thing that never by any chance comes off, and that is perfect content and satisfaction. I don't know what is exactly the matter, but I seem to find lots of crumpled rose leaves in my temper just now. Something quite new for me, isn't it ? The weathor is horrid for one thing-cold and damp and penetrating, and beastly east winds, The Children's Wants. that give you a congestion right across your corde vocale-and you go about with a miserable ex- pression, and a cocaine tablet, and a monotonous and foggy and irritating "Hem"-<rhem" " hem "-hem." But thank goodness up to now I have not been pressed into the noble army of the influenzaists. *#* We are going to have a lovely party on Christ- mas Eve-a ghost party-everybody has to tell a ghost story, " a personal experience " ghost story-no funny business, you know, but a real blood-curdling, penny plain, twopence colored sort of affair. Nobody is invited who does not possess an ancestral bogey man or woman of their own. We are just going in for a feast of " creeps" and to try and frighten ourselves to death as nearly as possible, if nót quite. The stories are to be told in the dark, and it has been arranged that we boys and girls all sit very, very close together, and then if the situation gets too strained, or the ghosts (for some of us are mediums, and we expect to see lots) are too many or too pronounced in their attentions why it will not be so truly awful. The dear Mater seriously disapproves of this proposed dis- turbance of the "shades," and says with a shudder she can never forget " a Something " that The Smoker's Companion. she saw when a girl. But papa says "rubbish," and if there is " any nonsense," or "screams," or " gasps," or " signs of fainting," he will turn on the electric light right away, and see what the ghosts have to say to that. *** Of course it's all nonsense, and I wouldn't say this to anyone else for the world, but you are so far away that it seems nearly like c onfiding a secret to one's self. But, do you ever see things ? I do, in the night cold transparent faces (you eau see through them) come close, so close, . and. breathe on your lips; what a chill it gives you, and it" seems to nearly stop yo r heart. and then sometimes when are opening a door into a room that you know is empty you feel that something on the other side ÍB trying to prevent you, and you throw the door wide open violently, and in a fright and a hurry, and you just catch a glance of the grey and misty thing melting away and disappearing. Horrid, isn't it ? And then when you are coming down- stairs, slowly and in the dark, thinking of the good skating there is tobe to-morrow, and what an awfully nice fellow Jack, or Tom, or Dick, or Harry is, and you lay your hand on the balus- trade-haven't you ever felt that other hand laid on yours ?-heavy and firm, and assertive, and cling- ing and cold, and damp and clammy. Oh, this ie too lovely ! I am working myself up beautifully for the seance ; but if you can't have ghosts at Christmas when can you have them i # # # All our time seems taken up going round to select and buy presents-sp many things to think of so many things to see-it makes you positively giddy. Everybody nowadays from your great grandmamma down to your 24th baby cousin, has to get a " remembrance." It is terrib'e the way we toil, and the difficulty there is in picking out from such heaps of lovely things, the mos1 lovely of the loveliest. Of course, if you hav< oceans of money thon it is all right, you simply buy everything you fancy, or anybody else fancies If you could only see tho silversmiths' and jewel lers' windows, full to bursting of deliciou presents. To-day I saw the most delightfu silver gilt tea and coffee sets, a deux ; and such a pretty novelty in an afternoon tea tray, to carry round, you know. It held four cups and saucers, two plates for cake, and aereara jug and sugar basin. They were all so beautifully chased with sprays of ivy leaves and bèrries, and this arrangement does away with that aggra- vating and irritating " sugar and cream," which so invariably and effectually breaks up that charming. gossip you are having with the most eligible man in the room. # * # Then there is the surprise eggstand, where' you can find everything except the egg, until you in- nocently touch some mysterious spring, and then with a jack in the box celerity, and a most start- ling suddenness, up jumps your new laid one. And there is a patent knife, that cuts fresh and crumbly bread perfectly and smoothly, and in Buch nice thin slices. So good for roll bread and butter you know. And the lovely things for the smoke room, a glass ash tray, with a silver spider's web stretched across, through which the ash falls. Then here is a beauty, "The Smoker's Com- panion." So poetic »1, don't you think ? Fancy lighting your cigar or cigarette by the light of a burning heart every time. The ash tray looks realistic, and like a gridiron, but still it is pretty. But the most bewildering and maddening part of the business is "The Children's Wants," and this is the sott of list each separate and individual darling concocts .Mamma (reading a catalogue of the heart's desires of her dearest boy) : " A sled, a drum, a box of soldiers, a horse, a pair of skates, a cart, a bicycle, a gun, a boat, some candy, and a doll for Mary. I'm afraid that Santa claus can hardly bring you all of these. You will have to cross something off the Hst, my love." Dearest boy, &c.; : "Well, cross off the doll." # * # Tris th ÍB stranger than fiction. Here is a ro- mance : Last week there died in the shelter of a convent Lady Gertrude Stocks, nun, novelist, and marquis's daughter. Lady Gertrude Douglas entered early upon her cloistral fife in a convent of the Good Shepherd. She spent many years there, not as novice, hut as "professed" nun, bound by all the vows. From these ßhe was authoritatively and officiallv re- leased, hers being- one of the very" few cases in which such dispensation is given, or, indeed, desired. Lady Gertrude wrote two or After the Private View. n .B"er^e : " 0n> nang it all. Look here, d'Auber, they've catalogued your picture of me in the Grafton," « Portrait of a Lady.' I want you to have it changed !" D' Auber : " Well, I don't suppose they'll reprint the catalogue for your benefit : but I can paint out the cigarette. Then it'll be all right." three average novels, hut a few years after her return to the world she'joined her brother, the Rev. Lord Archibald Douglas, in his work at a Catholic orphanage in the Harrow-road. She did her work there simply and completely, and brother and sister alike made themselves the servants of the little waifs and strays they sheltered. To the orphanage was attached a bakery for the partial self-support of the charity and the technical teaching of the boys. During Lord Archibald's absence in Canada, whither he had travelled in charge of some of his orphans, his sister took a step of which he had had no warning. She married the Baker. With her baker husband she set up a little shop near Brook Green-with small sue« ess. Very recently Lady Gertrude Stock wrote a novel, of which a baker was the hero. But her husband was away, trying to better his fortunes in South Africa, when she died. All that Lady Gertrude did she did on a very deliberate principle. The union of classes was her aim and desire. A woman of family transplanting herself might make, she thought, a more effectual trait d'union, But the event had no consequences, there were no little bakers, and no results that went be- yond the two persons and the two lives put to severe proof. V A curious little controversy has. arisen concern- ing the color of Copenhagen, the celebrated chargei ridden by the Duke of Wellington at Waterloo The present Duke, by the recent death of Ladj Charles Wellesley, has inherited a portrait o: Copenhagen, said to be painted by Sir Edwii Landseer. This portrait represents the horse a¡ grey, whilst in nearly every other picture whicl there is of him he is represented as being a chest nut. There can be no doubt that the latter wai the correct color, but the problem is, how cann Sir Edwin Landseer to make so curious a blunder But is there no authentic written description o Copenhagen which records his color ? If there is no one has so far quoted it. I wonder were the; color blind in those days, or perhaps the hors was brown when it was young and grey when i was old. That's not a bad idea, is it ? * There is, at Apsley House, a room full of th great Duke's clothing with the linen all as care fully stored as it was during his lifetime. Whe] the late Sir Edgar Boehm was commissioned t design the Wellington Sratue which now stand opposite Apsley House, he applied to the Duke o that day, the predecessor of the present one, t be permitted to see any apparel that might exis belonging to his father. He was not very'ci viii; told that there was none. Just about then thi Duke died, and through some source or other it became known to Sir Edgar that the complete wardrobe was still at Apsley House. Upon appli- cation to the present bearer of the title permis- sion was at once granted to him to inspect this, as also to use as models any article he might require-a permission which Sir Edgar immedi- ately availed himself of. # # # Do you know that Miss Kate Vaughan, the. actress and dancer, and inventor of the skirt dance, is married to Colonel Wellesley^ and does not stand so very many degrees from the succes- sion to the ducal title ? That's so. *** They say " What's in a name ?" A good deal, Mark Twain. as some people find out to their cost. A fiddle by any other cognomen would not cost so much as this. The "Stradivarius" violins, on which Mr. Chappell's four instrumentalists now play, on Mondays and Saturdays, at the St. James's " Pops," are classed as follows, according to their dates: Lady Halie's, 1709; Mr. Kies's, 1710; Mamma : " Well, dear, did you enjoy yourself at church ?" time"harUe: "°h' yeS' mama! and papa shut his eyea and Prayed through his nose, all the Signor Piatfci's, 1720 ; Mr. Gibson's, 1728. Their united values are said to exceed ¿£2000. V I got a letter from Lady Mary. She is in Leicestershire, and tells me "the weather has been pretty open," and the " hunting was very good." She is "a restless," "an erratic" Here is an extract from her somewhat lengthy, but so amusing, epistle: "The English Channel is a useful and praiseworthy institution. But it is occasionally inclined to be nasty when crossed. One day last< week, having been obliged to make a hurried visit to Paris, I was» waiting at the Gare du Nord for my train. With some anxiety I read the weather telegrams which are exhibited in a conspicuous place. There were two of them. The first read as follows: 'Folkestone-sea rough ;' the second was ' Dover-sea smooth.' I chuckled at my luck, for my return ticket took me via Calais and Dover. Not until I had nearly reached Dover did it occur to me to wonder at the extreme partiality of the weather. So curious did it seem that the sea should be smoooh at Dover and rough a mile or two further along the coast that I took the captain aside and drew his attention to the phenomenon. But that worthy officer ' winked the other eye,' and alluded to the rival companies. From which I inferred that in the conscience of a railway company it is always * fare ' weather. Mr. Beerbohm Tree closes his theatre on Mon- day night, in order that he may respond to the toast of " The Stage " at the Actors' Benevolent Fund dinner at thé Hotel Metropole. Mr. Burdett-Coutts, M.P., will also have the support of the Prince of Teck, the Due d'Aumale, and several English noblemen, while the genial Dean of Rochester, better known as Canon Hole, is expected to speak in the course of the evening. Madame Antoinette Sterling, Signor Foli, and Mr. Sims Reeves are amongst those who will add to the harmony of the occasion. I am reading the most delightful new sfory. It is called "Pudd'nhead Wilson." and is by Mark Twain. I send you a little sketch of him -so like. I am sure you will treasure it as a re- membrance of all those amused hours you have passed with his assistance. Good-bye, dear. Best love from your cousin, KATE. 