CABINET COUNCIL EXTRA- ORDINARY. [BY OUR SPECIAL PHIONOGRAPHIST.] [A Cabinet Council without a phonograph is as defective as an ethnological expedition without a register of aboriginal tongues, a party deprived of a representative to repeat what he is told, or a spirit lacking orenns to communicate its activities. Government being too severely economical to provide for all public requirements, has left it tj Press enterpriie in this, as in other things, to meet the want. How the machiae was introduced into and removed from the Cabinet meeting here reported are mere mutters of detail, which, although doubtless of interest to an autocrat of a saoreti va turn of mind, are of no special vslue to the public. The "reading" of the instrument u as subjoined.] . The Premier (beaming upop his five colleagues, whose admiration for their chief is notoriously as unqualified as it is unique in the history of South Australian Cabinets)—Hail, brethren ! Beliold how good aud pleasant a thing it is for brethren to dwell together in unity. The C.S.—Pray. Chief, don't quote The Book BO often unless you intend to square your actions by it The Premier—Now that Tom's away there is no one to dispute with me supremacy in Scripture knowledge. Solder's not in it. The C.S.—Is there not just a possibility of mistaken identity with an ancient celebrity 1 The Premier—Hannah, don't be pro- fane. Abstain from preaching in the wilderness about the tiue folk at the Cathedral unless you are prepared to forego your sumptuous little dinners, sparkling beverages, choice Qavannahs, whist, and sundry other dissipations incompatible with locust fare. h.eep to Abon. We trust much to your felicitous speeches, which charm the Fossils as they have charmed so many audiences in the recess. In truth, ire have all done good work in the oountry, and if our receptions were hot particularly enthusiastic we have never failed Co say they were. The T.—To conciliate and so facilitate I suggest that we the original Itinerant Ministry (expenses paid out of *'unforseen" vote) should tang at this general conference, after our many travels, the irall jtnotro lines:— And are we'yet alive And see each others'faoe? The Premier—I will give it as a solo. All—Heaven Forbid, the Premier—Tou are as jeklous of my vocal powers as you are of my knowledge of Holy Writ. But if you object to my singing there shall be no singing at all. KM C.P.W.—£t must not be forgotten that one has been taken from you, but I am glad, very glad to say—I cannot tell you bow glad—particularly as it is near the beginning of a month, that I have be oil borne again into the Ministry. The C.C.L.—Double the Whip's expenditure on lollies, eh 1 Pass the bag ronncL, and let us anew taste the sweets of office; ' The C.S.—I won't say, Jinks, that your joy iB our sorrow, because we are a hM^U^ynow. US»f • Premier—Inwmuch as "no nian can -serve two masters ?" If^you want variation; gentlemen, I'll trouWe Selkirk to $xpresr?iiy feeling ', I'm monarch of all I survey, . My right there is none to dispute. The t—We - never iiad a more able leader,, "a demon for work," most masterful and sagacious—so mtn say. ' 1 the Permit me to remark thai) ^'jiiclaciiMon'Vhas fallen into, a sleep bp : trance. He has a heavenly face, a Conkltng curl ; , his expresion is too beautiful for Parliament. • The Premier—lake my giddy young mebtor, Hannah, John Alexander is fond of lils " nap," but each enjoys it in his "several way" at an e»rly hour in the evening! - Peter Paul, please whisper in his «ar that the Mount JBcurb^r Courier has a slashing article on him, because his political gossip was not up to date. ' The M. o? rWhat's that ? Very sorry, won't do it again 1 ; anything to make /my re-election sure. Oh, it's & Cabinet meeting. Beg pardon, I was dreaming— The Premier—Apology unnecessary. Never knew yon tojdo anything else. To business, gentlemen.- First, no divulging outside. The fear of Charles Cameron is in the stoniest hearts in tfte Civil Service, and they are sealed to the Press. The T»—Civil Seivants only know the they bave to deal with. A A reign of terror prevails. Sexagenarians in the top ranks tremble at hi* footstep and shudder at bis. vpice. He. is . the Civil Service bogey man. Ghosts .of shunted officers haunt Victoria-square. The O.S.—Even the head of » department dare not give the public the number of voters on the roll without a Minister's order. - The O.P.W.— And a Minuter must not give permission without the consent of the Premier previously had and obtained. It is a Cabinet of an overshadowing iron- willed personality. The Premier^-This is rank sedition. Are you running the JShow or am I ? Tou need.' the loaves and fishes and I the honour. You can have your reward, but I ' must bate discipline in order to realize my ambition. What's the state of the party # Eh l The C.S.—I am delighted with the ' change in- the peraoimA of the Council. My lines have fallen to me in pleasant places. The Opposition is beheaded and otherwise mutilated, the gilded Chamber being now but a Ministerial Echo. The O.P.^rj-The Opposition would not have lamented with loud voices if there had ;been a first-class jpplifcic&l; funeral from the Assembly. The Premier—Eh, what's that! They might then have chosen "Major" Castine for a leader.. The perky little drawing-room soldier actually fired a popgun at me. during the recess It is marvellous that . the kick of the gun did not hurt him. I think the Opposition had better be cpnjbent with the ills they have than fly to tropical Solly, explosive Jamie, or mild Moule. It is as well that my well-beloved Cbaffey should bidfe aWee for the handle to his name, for be might be tempted to come off his perch if he had it. Suppose Ward should be moved to retire to give Copley a seat, is another winning Bice available ? Bice is a veritable Absalom. The C.S.—We- know not another Bice, and it would be difficult to secure the seat again, while the .''Liberals" of Augusta and Pirie think more of the Battle of their Perts than of the struggles of their party. The Northern District victory .represents an exceptionally wise choice of a candidate, but ,we had to work the Oracle well to get him in. Foster and Burgoyne were with us in that for obvious reasons. The Premier—We must 'revire that Additional Ministers'Bill. (Winks.) It will have its uses in steadying one or two in both Houses who think their merits entitle them to a reward. - Let me see. In the Assembly we have th'ough stu pidity lost a vote, which means two to the other side, and makes a tie. But I have angled ta advantage in the country waters. The M. of E.—I thought 1 was a past master in tue seductive irt, but I yield the palm to the chief. The bush echoes with the old, old song—" Charlie is my darling" The C.P.W.—Yes ; the Chief can be as sweet as molasses or as sour as vinegur. I pity t«arry, the new Whip, if he hasn't the numbers right for a division, Mount Vesuvius isn't in it wh»-n he belches adjectives in such a crisis. With voluptuous laviolicess he scatters sulphuric devastation on friend and foe. Ask McPherson a tale to unfold. The Premier (loudly and stamping his foot) Prattling Ministerial bantling hold thy peace or I'll administer a dose of Windsor soothing syrup upon a Governor's ladle. The C.C.L.—I dislike a forward child. ] (Laughter.) What are you laughing at ? A.m 1 forward 1 A Voice—No, only like " a parched pea in ?. frying-pan." The 'i'.—I am afraid, Mr. Chief, we are degenerating into personalities. Do you know why the Labour party wanted a Smgletaxer in Parliament! The extremists were always blaming the Labour members for not advocatingfJeorgianiem, and they wanted a scapegoat in Birks or Proud. To pass ou. Can we not give our po'icy an attractive name ? Sum it up in a word—Forward," and we have aometh'ng to compel admiration. Tim M. of E. —"What's in a name ?" If you must have one, it is not so important to have it accurate as telling. Let it be alliterative. Christen it "The Producers Progressive Policy, ' with special emphasis on the "Progressive." The Premier—Doctor, you unite the cunning of the serpent with the harmlessness of the dove. I agree with you. We must driv«—nay, we have driven—a wedge into the Country party. The C.S.— What bait did you U6e, Chief, when yon went a fishing 1 The Premier—For Giles I caught a fly upon the Germein railway route, for Ruldoch & Co. I took a bit of frozen meat and drain pipe, and for MacLachlan I fell back upon a chipping from the blarney stone. The C. P. W.— Could you not get a picture of the Aug as tou Railway route to divert the highly respected Hague '! Of course you will keep the Kopperamanna Bill going. Have you a pretty lady doll newly dr-ssed which Caldwell may toy with in the gallery and forget to inflict upon the House his half-digested philosophies ? The T.—And a boundary contract to engage stonewall^r Ash. The Premier—I'll see. As part of "The Producers Progressive Policy,", I suppose we must in view of the reduced private incomes through low prices for wool, wheat, <fcc., permanently increase the taxation on land and income to supply deficiencies on railways, Customs, and territorial. To cajole the Country party we must make it graduated at present, so as not to touch the M ajority of their constituents. Having once laid tile foundation what may not be done. By-tbe-way, methiuks the Labour members are beginning to convince, themselves that after all this is really what their party wants and not an All Round Increase. The 6f. of E.—I could say something about who is to thank for that. The Premier—Eh ! Eh ! What's that? Don't flatter yourself too much. But now what we ail have to do is to shpd a halo of giory round the policy and make a song about "Encouragement to rural industries." Voice—Cant. Tl\e Premier (sternly)—Who said cant?" The M. of E.—It was a faint heart's whisper that it can't, be done, that's all. (»o£."v The C.C.L.—Don't forget to blow about the village settlements and how they are settling die unemployed. The C.P.W. (sotto voce)—" Settling" is a good word." The C.S.—What shall we say about Bray 1 We -bad nearly forgotten the incident, but Downer and Grainger haven't. The' Premier—Talk to Sir John of the impending Conference &nd; the Exigencies the 'Empire! We had to Bend Playford to Ottawa, and the other matter was merely a fitting in, of arrangements. Tell the Country party Playford has gone home not to whisper soft nothings in drawing-rooms, but to look after the interests of the Producers. That magic word Producers; it has an unction which "Mesopotamia" has, and -'Protection" had. See what we have done for tbe producers—given a bonus for butter The T.—Which has profited the middleman not a little. . ' t ; The M. of E.—Only as a mere accident* besond departmental control. The Premier—And behold what we are goiftg to do--erect a shed ^t- Port Adelaide, take the advice of experts on new industries^ and trust to Teung, controlled by Tom, to make the London wine depot successful. • i ' The T.—Good. But, what about the Temperance party ? Isitt stirred them up well about the liquor law. I have promised to satisfy the agitation. The Premier—You went quite far enough there We are all temperance men, but yon must'work oat your salvation with fear and trembling. You can have plenty of time for it. Couldn't we take the reform from Dr. Magarey in homoeopathic doses, too small to irritate? The M9 of E.— : And the Labour party is demanding its daily political bread. The Premier—Here are a few crumbs: Fac'ories, Conciliation, and Women's Suffrage Bills, Legislative Council reform, the Referendum, and an amended Part XIX. measure. The T.—Will you do something to excise the cancer of betting, which is rapidly spreading over the community and eating at the vitals of morality 1 In the country the small children save their ha'pence to bet with at the race meetings. The Premier—Eh? What's that? Can any one tell me tbe latest ladies' odds on the last election or the next football match 1 Or what are the quotations in the smoking-room that the Ministry will not last through the fourteenth Parliament ? No. Then here endeth th6 first lesson in policy , hatching. " Gentlemen, we meeK again and often to complete the coat of many colours for a short and cctive cession. 