Methodist Union. DEMONSTRATION IN THE CENTENARY-HALL, SYDNEY. The Methodists of Sydney and suburbs held a united demonstration in the Cen tenary-hall, York-street, on Monday night, under the auspices .of the joint committee on Methodist union. There was a good attendance; and Mr. J. Cook, M.P. (Postmaster-General), pre sided. The Rev. Dr. Brown moved-"That this meeting, composed of representatives of the various sections of Methodism in this colony,expresses its hearty sympathy with the proposed organic union of the different sections of the Methodist Chuorch in Australasia." The Rev. G. James seconded the re solution. The Rev. W. H. fitchett, who was re ceived with applause, supported the reso lution, andexpressed himselfas thoroughly in accord with it. Whatever the future, Methodism had a grand, a heroic past. Methodism in all its forms was the most intensely evungelical and spiritual factor and force in the Protestantism of the world. They, however, had been more fruitful, more prolific in divisions than any other branch of the Protestant Church in the world. Within one brief century of Wesley's death there had been four great.divisions. Not one of them represented a principle, a doctrine, a truth; every 'division represented some temporary bankruptcy in common sense on one side or the other; he did not say on which side. How much did the div ision cost them I In mere money they had lost considerably. They had built two churches and maintained two min isters where only one should exist, Their pockets had been bled by divisions, and in the long run their pockets would be blest by union. Their divisions had cost them~-and he took in all Methodism the spiritual primacy and spiritual leader ship of the religion of the country. (Ap plause.) The reasons which caused the divisions of which he had spoken no lon ger existed, and why, in God's name, should they not make it the Church Wes ley would, the Church Wesley left it, what, if he came back amongst them, he would make it again, and what the Great Master would assuredly have it to be I (Loud applause.) In God's name, why should they not bury the dead past, bury these ghosts, and join hands together I It was because of a little lack of common sense, a little lack of religion. Divided, their influence was small; but put all Methediste together, and they would make a grand Church 450,000 strong, and every tenth man, woman and child in Australasia would be Methodists, a Church that would have some right to speak on public matters. They would be able to pian big things, to carry out great enterprises. He could not understand how any man could wish to continue the divisions which weakened them. The pulse of the world, politically, beat in favor of union. That had given them a united Germany, a united Italy, a united Canada, and was going to give them a united Australia. (Applause.) That same impulse, noble, wise, and heroic, gathered the fragments of nations to gether and made them a whole, should it not gather the fragments of the Church together, and make it a whole There were difficulties in the way, but a little courage would overcome them. "With this thing comes the future of our Church, and, by God's help, we will hand down to our children a better Methodism than our fathere gave us." (Loud applause.) Mr. W. Robson moved, the Rev. G. B. Black seconded, and it was decided amid enthusiastic applause:--"'That we approve of the proposal to form a federal council in New South Wales, comprised of representatives duly appointed by each section of Methodism, such council to have generally the functions defined as follows :-((1) To arrange for interchanges of pulpits between the ministers and local preachers of the different sections; (2) to arrange for conventions and pub. lic meetings with the object of bringing the subject of organic union more pro minently before our people; (3) to try and prevent the unnecessary multiplica. tion of Methodist churches in sparsely populated dietricts; (4) to foeter the spirit of union by social and fraternal intecourse.-Daily Telegrapk. 