? ? There was a large assemblage at St. Mary's R.C. Church on Tuesday morning to witness the reception and profession of two ladies into the order of the Sisters of Mercy. His Grace the Archbishop was present, with the following clergymen:—• The Very Rev. D&n; tieogbegau and Frs. M'Carter and O'Brien (Kyneton), Quinn (Woodend), Gallivan (Gisborne), Carey {Elsternwick), Ryan (Mansfield), and Key- Ian (Bssendon). The altar was beanifully decorated with freshly culled flowers. There were two ladies to be received into the order, Miss Mary O'Brien, of Woodend, who was to assume the white veil of a novice, and MIBS Frances Teresa M'Auley. who received the white veil in the Eyneton church a little while ago, and who was about to pronounce the irrevocable vows which bound her tor life as a religious. THE RECEPTION. The reception of Miss Mary O'Brien, who takes in religion the name of Sister Mary of Mercy, first took place. ' A procession was formed from the main entrance up the church, consisting of one of the Sisters of Mercy who acted as standard bearer, and the others walking two and two. Five children in white dresses and veils,, the Misses Mury Kawson, M'Kemia (2), Mary Ryan, and Vide Hvnes, also formed part of the procession. Last of the procession came the young ladies to be received and professed, Miss.O'Brien aud Miss M'Auley. Miss O'Brien was attired in a beautiful costume of white liberty silk, with a court train and a wreath of orange blossoms and' veil to match. The procession having passed up the centre aisle took up a position before the communion rail, the Archbishop and his attendant priests being inside the sanctuary,. ThS'-lsynro; ." O -Gloriosa Virginium" ^was-tbim'rsung, «nd the novice-elect then advanced to -receive the blessing of the Archbishop/and with a lighted candle retired to her place. The following interrogations were then put by the Archbishop to the postulant, and duly answered:— " My child, what do you demand ?" The mercy of God aud the holy habit of religion.,' " IB it with your own free will you demand the holy habit of religion?" "Tea, my Lord." " Rev. Mother, have you made the neces- ary inquiries, and are you satisfied ?" Mother Superior: " Yes, my Lord." " My child, have yon a firm intention to Hseverein religion to the end of your' fe, and do. you hope to have sufficient to cany constantly the sweet yoke of Our Lord Jesus Christ solely for the love and fear of God ?" " Relying on the mercy of God, I hope to be able to do so." The postulant thefl retired to the sacristy, accompanied by the Mother Superior and assistant Mother Superior, put off the secular dress, assuming the habit of the Order, and returned to her place before the alter, where she received the white veil from His Grace. The ceremony of blessing the habit and veil next followed, and the cincture was presented to the Rev. Mother, who girded the novice with it, and the choir sang the Regnum Mundi. The novice, -who was then sprinkled with holy water, embraced the Mother Superior and each of the sisters in turn. Afeer receiving the. habit from the Archbishop, the novice, rising, said—" The empire of the world and all the grandeur of this earth I have despised for toe love of Our Lord Jesns Christ, whom I have seen, whom I have loved,. in whom I have believed, and towards whom my heart inclineth." -The novice then sang alternately with the choir according to the formula, and then, kneeling, gave her candle to her mother assistant, after which the clergy and religious knelt and sang the Veni Creator Spiritus. The ceremony concluded by the Archbishop sprinkling the novice with holy water, and she then took her place amongst the other religious. TBX PBOFXSSION* After the reception of the postulant the second and more Bolemn function of the profession was entered upon. The novice, though received into the order, is free to leave if she wishes at the end of her novitiate. If, however, she elects -to remain, as is generally the case, she takes solemn and binding vows, according to which she is bound for liteto remain a member of the order. The ceremony of-- profession is slightly different from that of reception. In this case the name of the novice who was about to make her solemn profession wa* Miss Frances Teresa M'Auley, whose name in religion is Sister Mary Catherine. During the day all the Sisters of Mercy offered their communion for the novice. The Archbishop having sprinkled the vail with holy water, , blessed, the ring at the epistle side of the altar. The novice was then conducted by the mother assistant and mother superior to the altar, where the Archbishop was seated wearing his mitre, and interrogated her as follows:— My child, what do you demand?—My lord, I most humbly beg to. be received to the holy profession. Do you consider yourself sufficiently instructed in what regards the -vows of religion and the rules and constitution of this institute, and do you know .the obligations you contract by the holy profession ?—Yes, with tiie grace of God. Then the Mass of the Holy Ghost was said, and offered for tha novice who was to be admitted to profession After this the most, important part of the ceremony took place.. The. Archbishop held the Blessed Sacrament exposed, and the novice kneeling read aloud her act of profession as follows:— " In the name of Our Lofcl and Saviour Jesus Christ and under the protection of his Immaculate Mother Mary ever Virgin, I (Frances -Teresa), called in religion Sister Mary Magdalen, do vow and promise to God poverty, chastity, and obedience, and the service of the poor, sick; and ignorant, and to persevere until death in this congregation of our Lady of Mercy, according to its approved ride and constitution, uhder the authority and in the presence of yon, my Lord aud Right Rev. father in God, the Archbishop of this diocese, and of our Rev. Mother, Superior of thif Convent of Mercy. Eyneton, this 17th day of April, in the year of uur Lord, 1S04." As soon as £he had 'read the act of profession the Mother Superior gave her a pen to ms&e; a cross after her signature. She then rppeived the.Holy Communion. Mags being ended, the Archbishop, taking off the chasible and putting on a cope and mitre, commences THB Antiphon Veni Sancte Spiritus, During this tame the newly professed was -conducted by . the Assistant to the Mother Superior, and, kneeling, presented to her the Act:of Profession, after which die . ratornafte ŁSr former pla<». lnielt down and "received the candle from the Mother Assistant. Then the Archbishop commenced the- Antiphon Veni Sponsa Christi, which was then sung. The newly professed then advanced, givinj tiie candle to ibe Mather Assistant, tuii_ . was conducted-iq "her the Rev. Ifnli|fr Superior to - the altar, where the Archbishop, be&bg; seated, having bis mitxe on, placed thB black veil on her head, saying "Receive the holy, the emblem of chastity aiid modesty, which mayestthou caiiy before the Judgment Seat of the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou mayest have eternsl life, ind mayest live for ever and ever. Amen." The Mother Superior fastened the Toil. The newly professed, rising, said—"Be has" placed bis -seal ón my forehead, that I •should admit no other ..lover but Sim." She then knelt dpwn to the Archbishop, wiu>, being seated, tookthe blessed ring in his right hand, the Land of the newly pro- \- in his left, and placed the —• lird fluger ^ tte left hand newly professed then rose and said—" I am espoused to Him whom the angels serve, jmd at whose ł»auty the Sun and moon' etimd in wonder." The newly professed A^i^p^^citEated ŁensaŁ aŁe jjer^^dr>óiis aroee/BadtteTeJteum the fts Deum the Ankantmed. .-• jr-..- --f-g; i&X; andthe.Others o^tribub&lbevocal; S S t M ® • (Pere LambiUotte), "The To Deum," TheLaudaute" (Gingarelli). THE SEBMON. Before the procession left the church the Rev. M. Ryan, formerly of Kyneton, but now pastor of the Mansfield mission, preached the occasional sermon. He said he felt a peculiar pleasure in being in Kyneton on such an occasion. Tne Sisters of Mercy were to be congratulated on the accession to their order. There were few parts of the world to which the fame of the Sisters of Mercy had not spread. They were known in all the counties of Ireland, and for that, matter in all parts of the civilised world.. It was a-great honour for the Kyneton branch of the Sisters of Mercy that they had that day received into their order a grand-niece of the illustrious founder of the order, Catherine M'Aulay. To the newly professed nun he would say that she had that day chosen the better part. People might speak of the joys of life, but they were careful to say nothing of the sorrows. The newly professed nun, who was to a great extent removed from the sorrows and cares of life, would, he felt assured, give her entire life to God and to His work. - . After the ceremony the Archbishop, priests, and parents of the religious were entertained by theJRev Mother at the Convent. 