A Five Hundred Dollar 'Ghost. Before the construction of Cuban rail. roads, the journey from Santiago to Man canille, over the passes of the Sierra Mfaestra, was made in diligences-first couains to' the lumbering vehicles that still-carry summer loads of tourists from gay Andalusia into grave Granada. Like their Spanish counterparts, the springs of the Cuban diligences were not tempered in Toledo; and the bones of the unaccustomed ached for a week after rattling in one for eight hours. On the afternoon of a stormy autumn day, somewhere back in the sixties, the American mail had landed its contingent of letters and 'traders at Santiago de Cuba, and toward evehing one of the bulgy and dusty conveyances mentioned above rumbled out of the courtyard of the Hotel de Cortez, loaded up with passengers and post packets for the interior. "It was a stormy sundown. On the face of the round globe there is not a more over-estimated stretch of water than the Carribean Sea, nor a greater delusion thin that universallyentertained 'by persoins who have had no dealings with .it as it is'always smooth sailing there. It is Bay of Biscay' and British Channe' combined, and' the wildest gale in their waters is a summer breeze compared with Carribean tornado. , Such an elemental pastime was rising outside Santiago har bour on this evening, and our diligence, with its' peaked and tassel-hatted driver screaming to hid team"of mules, its dozen rinside paesengers'paoked like sardines insa tin, and its' majoral (conductor) swinging precariously, with dangled legs, in the leathern luggage cover, was followed"'up the steep and pebbly' streets of Santiago and' far along the defiles"of the Sierra Maestro by' the thundering awell 'of the Cairibean Sea. It overpowered the cease less crack of the driver's whip and the inusia of multifarious dule bells; it drowned the coinversational attempts, and deluged with white dust the twelve wretcfied "insides"; and it even closed the loquacious mouth of the'majoral him self, a personage who, like our old'post con .ductors,'was always stuck full of anecdotes and ready to empty a pleasant glass with anyone. Little by little, as the diligence 'wo'ind up and up, and deeper and deeper into the heart of the mountain, the hurricane howls grew feebler, deadened by beating against wall after wall'of limestone; the roar sub aided slowly into fitful wails, and at last iven these expired. The storm, succeeded calm-calm so profound as to be uncanny. 'The highest point of the pass was nearly attained, and the driver had ceased to crack his whip,'for the way wound' along the' edge 'of chasms where there was scarcely foothold for the mules.. Out of these deeps issued from time to time the 'weirde'st and' most' unearthly of sounds. 1 A rude crosd caught the light'onits naked ar'nias'as the coach lumbered by,' and the Imajoral, who was following on foot, as was lhis cuitom in steep and stony places, ?.b oseil hiiiseelf piously. "An Amnericano i ill down the chasm here," he explaii'ed to a passenger whose curiosity was eaditdil. "And his ghost haunts the 'spot, bl 'course," eulbjoined a flippant fellow conutryman of the 'deccased. "lEvery 'hair casts a shadow, senor," was the.reply, unus~ually laconic for a majoral. . ut of this episodic fragment' of talk grew an "'animated conversation, with a sensational . end to it. Now that the wind had ceased to howl, and dust to flydown open throats, the tongues of the twelve passengeirs began to wag, and by the'timte' the dangerous !'oint in the pass-also the, highest point -was safely traversed, and the driver had whipped up his six mulse, the insides, with their conductor preariously poised on the footboard, were deep in a discussion concerning omens and ghostly tokens arid efritee of the mountains. The' inky hue of the cl.ude oveltead, 'and the Egyptian darkness of the defile down which the diligence was riushing "'with dreadfuI celerity, predisposed the mind to dwell on images of mystery and terror. Martias, • the majoral, a swarthy, dark-eyed Cduibh, wittily seiperstitious arid "so'leinly cadn celted, hada well-padded story 'of rue 'or wonder for every turn of the road. "At that angle'we havejust'rounded," asid he, ' was found seven years ago at the season "ol the Annunciata an abandoned calesa (postchaise), ' empty and blood- stained. NIone of the ventas (inns) of Santiago owned it;. none knew how'it came there. B2ut the diligence making its next bi vbeekly of the Santa Felisa Pass journey, was met by two spectres-a man and a woman-each with a bleeding wound Alit on the left breast. They rose out of tiihe gorge-there where the mules plunged S-the brutes remember it to this day, my ?'eoors-and the male afrite thrust a knife 'liito' the breast of the female, then into his owne' breast, after which both vanished abdirr the gorge again, and all was dark as before. 'Then we knew there had been :murder and suicide-2thus much, but no imdre. For thoug'h' diligent search was made'at the foot of the precipi'e, it, was i unavailing. The spectree returned every dark night without fail to the same spot, but no mother's son in all Cuba knew whence they came' or who they were. Thus things wenton till next Annunciata. Then' came the' Padre Vines out of the Jesuit college 'at Havana, with four collegians, to make 'a sojourn in these mountains. What knowledge the lads should gather here--God and the learned padre alone wet. I plied with questions Smine lihostess 'of the venta where they lodged, but she laughed, and bade me mind the mules, and she would mind the geese. Well, the strange conceit whatever it' was-that' brought them up here bore' fruit they looked for as little as' we. Up among the peaks of these mountainse,' and' nowhere' else in all the Antilles,' there' live--See senors, that inky spot overhead- Jesus! that cry only a woman in angdish and a devil-bird can shriek like that 1 'Damned souls are prisoned in their vulture bodies" (devil birds, like owls, only fly abroad at night), "lnut only in' the hours of darkness may Sthey'give utterance to their woe. The devil-birds live and breed anriong the high crags of the Sierra Maestra. We Cubans Snever shoot them. The world is evil euough without setting damned souls loose in it. But a yuing Es$anel among the padre's pupils ran the rinsk. One morung he brouiht back to the vrenta a Sdead devil-bird that he had killed in the night. Mine heaost was for having it sprinkled with holy water and buried in all haste ; but Padre Vinez laughed, a thing 'which rarely happened to such a grave and reverend senor, and he and the lads took the unhallowed bird outside and cut ut open. San Domingo ! what do they find.among its entrails but a golden ring, small in size, 'and of fine workman ship, and with the name of Zara graven upon itl : The mystery of the Santa Felisa Pasewas unravelled at last. Jealous 'Molos, the husband of the lovely Antillian 'malddore, did not take her away with him in the American'schboner after all. No, he took her up the Santa Felisa Pass, and einled love and jealousy for himself 'and her with iwo strokes of the knife Zata's ring is ttored in the museum of Haian?. Her hboiy and Goloes's receivid no burial They were devoreeoured by devil birds, into ehosee bodies perchlance. their salos had alreaiy passed. But the cleriy. ofSantiago performed a service on the s¶ot where the ca/esa was found, and sprinkled it and the gorge with holy water, since which their spectres have troubled the pass no more.' This story, which Matirs garnished with ahlundant exclamations ard gestures, was receivedt with' grave and credulous iutorest by all the hearers sate ode. ". This was' a young Gdorgian aboqt five'aid-twenty years of age, w6ho gave himself odit'as traveller for a tobacco house in l3altimore. This young gentleman professed the greatest contempt for the entire category of supernatural appearances. "Serve that sort of cake to; your Cuban niggers, majoral," said he. " It has not siited my astomach since I was a schoolboy." "Cosas de Espafio " (it is a matter of breed) retorted Matlas, grinning and shrugging hisashoulders. Bat the young Yankee's fellow- tra,'ellers did not all take his con temptuous incredulity or open scorn of their ghostly eSperiences with the majoral'd phil6?ophic good 'hinuoiur. To have impressive narrations received with persaistnt mockery is a trial to the beat tempered narrators, implying as it does not only doubts" of their candour, but'a mean opinion of their intellectusl capacity. One' passenger in' particular felt himself aggrieved hy the Georgian's levity of tongue. ,'This' was a IMeacian of fifty or I thereabout, solemn, cadaverous, and shorn faced, aid looking :like "a Pampas cattle dealer in "a prosperous way of ,business. Ilis'piercing ebon eyes, deep set under low, projecting brows.'imparted' a h6odod-fal. con-like expression to his physiognomy This man had related the omen 'of a cold hand, "which in hls family'pretigural death by touching tihe shoulder of the doomed one, and instanced the case' of his young wife, who felt the sinister touch while out alons with him on the Pampas, and died a few liours after in his arms, without ezperiencing any pain or symptoms of ill. ness. Several times durirg the narrative the young commercial had chuckled aloud, and he greeted the conclusion witi shouts of laughter. The'Mexican looked hard at him. "Young gentleman," said lie, "though you laugh so lightly at the ghostly adventures of others, I make no doubt yon'would be the first to quail arid tremble if anything similar happened to yourself." "Waal, stranger, if you mean 1 am a coward, you had better say so," retorted the Georgian, laughing louder and more offensively than before. "Loco (idiot), Will'".ou force me to prove your folly to you 1" cried the older man, clutch. ing the shoulder of the commercial so hard with his claw.like fingers that he winced. " I declare to you'that tie sight of a ghost would make you drop on your knees faster than a derringer' crack." "I calc'lato it might, if it had your muscular claw, darn ye !" exclaimed the young Georgian, angrily, wresting his arm from the other's painful grip. "Every leian fool may have his opinion, but lie nayn't choke it down other folks' throat.; I reckon." In warm latitudes, whenr words. run so high, an appeal to revolvers is immuinent ; and suhr a1 issue of the discussion being tlulresirablo in a crowded diligence,' the other ton travellers'?' IterfIred in tihe intereotts of peeav-. Thedisrnutaiti sahowed t!lhru.mslvea on:rclvablo to 'reason ; each lilned back agaml inr hi corrndr, and the etillner? of the mouintain defile was brokdn only b. the driver', p:roc.slioual 'oaths, and the jirgling bells of his six blaulnked mules. 'he jorrney, now' all downr hill, precrelcded ralidly, and shortly before miil right the first andl longest stage on the tour to Manzanillo envred at a roadsido v'na,; where supper was waiting for the travellors. Over their broiled turkey and sliced hams; fried in oil, and fresh roasted coflke- tlho Ijrlfume of.which still filled the house-th o'twelve "insides" grew gay and talkative. Gradually conversation worked rouird again to the subject of the srpcrnatrural,'arnl in the cheerful security of the brightly' lighted inn parlour tihe young columercial'latrghtd still louder over his companiou's storied thanu h hadl done in the mountain pass. The expresesion of the Mexican's face grew more and more sigriifleant. At last he stood up, and in a tone of earcastic menace, said, " Youun man, you defy Ime to prove what I'sairt. Buono, I accept. '1 am prepared to asmirnon from the dead any person you name. 'If you can, laugh in the face of the spectre~ :Porricntle ?.I will say no more." At this.unexpected challenge the Yankee scdmed to' waver, and his chal lenger laughed derisively. " Come, senor, close with him l Close with hirt I" un ranriri'iusly'urged the other ten travellrrs, 'whlo'were curious to see the old one's talent put to the proof, ,"other Ivine we shall thinrk you verily arreafrai.l." "Thin I cal'lnto I'll' convuce yer tolthe con trairy," drawled the Georgiin. " I'm sot on Jmbi " (the spirit'worshippedl by the negroes of tihe Antilles, supposed to reside in ceiba trees), he 'added, -addressing the cattle dealer, and expectorating over his shoulder into the fireplace. " You bet he's somewhere around. We passed a grove of ceibas just ciow." " Corpo di Christi I am Ia niggeror a Johnny Crow!" cried tihe Mlexican, his falcon eyes all aflame 'attGle insult implied by the young man's'address. "Can you not see the senor is afraid, andl wants to back out of the businees l" sneered'a sallow-faced cigar-roller. "D' ye 'wait to digest Your supper, with a little lead, striuger 1" inquired the Yainkee tapping his breast-pocket suggestively but before the cigar-roller, Who seemed eager' to accept this proposition, could speak, he was thrust back' in' his chair and his voice,'dro6wned by eager and in? sistent cries of " The' challenige-keep tc the challenge, gentlemen I" "Let senor Americano signify' whom 'am'ong the de parted.he wishes to aes,'and'I aru rea ly." said the iattle-dealer, who had. recovered his'phlegnm. "It is utnderstood that I bet him six hundre'd Ainrican dollars that he will 'drop down with lright before. the aplparition I conjure uip-" "Hold there I Six hundred'dollars is more'tran I can "afford to irisk I" interrupted" the American. " Since' the senor so positively denies the existence of 'spirits,.there can be no risk for him," insinuated the Mexi can, an argument that was 'unanimnously applaeuded. " I can't wager 'what I haven't got," persisted. the young commercial, "but 1'll bet you a hundred dollars, if that will suit you." The Mexican shrugged his shoulders, and laoghled contemptuously. "Conjure up a spirit from the abss for the miserable sum of one hundred dollari l No, senor. My wager stands at six huni red. If you accept that-well; if not, ' shall take the liberty of beieving you lack the needful courage." By this time tihe curiosity of the ten spectators had reached such a pitch that they were prepared to pay almost any price for its gratificatiohn. One of them exclaimed, "Senaors, let ta co-operate to settle this difficulty. We are ten in unrumher. Here 'I lay down fifty dollars: if each of yoh will do likewise, with seuor Americano's hundred we shall have made up the sum." This proposi tion was eagerly accepted, and in less time than it takes to relate, 500 dollars were handed to the young commercial, with the understandirg that if he won the bet the profits should be equally shared among the ten contributors. He did not appear overjoyed at the facihty aflbrded him for establishing his claim to be a man of courage; on the contrary, he became pale and uneasy, and it was not till the moekr iog whispere around grw so loud that hi could no longer pretend to be deaf to them, that he said, with a forced laugh, which hadl mighty little A/ravura in it. '" W.al I guess its a done job, guvner. Go aheadu and lose yer money as quick as yvr like " The landlord of the yenta iagreet to plar., an empty room at 'the disposition" of the necronlancer, and the l:Mexican having selected a basement apartniint with a ,I' or opening into the yam garden, leid tie scep'ical Yankee inside, acid shut the door upon him. He himself remained "'utsile in the garden with the rest of the co'n npaiy, whose excitement was aroweod to t'l,. highest pitch by the cabalistic natlu: the next proceedings. Placing b"i.sif opposite the closed door the m.'-' r.on* Mexican began to repeat rap:yi:;i y - formula in an unknown tongue. n" falcon gaze of his deep-sunk e'e - -' penetrating to the depths .: . " Who shall I call?" he asked r'. "Fair Z'ra, the female bull-fig' the answer thbit came back from room. The Mexican.resumed his ii. t?ons. "I calc'late the lady's lihua-a.c. objects to her travelling alone. You'd better call for 'ein both, stranger," jeered tbeyoung commercial, as the ghost delayed to' appear. Unmoved the necromancer continued his mutterings. At the end of another fire minutes the Georgian called out, " Look here, Balsamo, give over swearing, and let me out. . I can't afford to' lose the diligence whilst'your ghosts are getting on their ten league boots." "There is time, senor ; there' is time l" called back the majoral, who stood agalpe with curiosity behind his ' passengers. " \What do you see 1" demanded the deep voice of the Mexican. "Nothing," was the prompt reply. . An interval of a few moments, and the magician repeated' his inquiry. There was.a pause, and thenL'i' a somewhat unsteady voice the"answer came, "I see a white vapour at the end of the room--you are letting in steam to frighten me l" "What comes out of the vapour 1' questioned. the Mexican. An"other pause, loner' than before,, and tihoun the tremulous tnteijection, "It is a figure. It approaches, but I do not care. It is all a delusion." " What' does. the delusion do r' demanded theo conjurer, with a sneer of menace in his tones. A sort of shuddering gasp was audible on the other side of the door, then on a sudden a piercing cry. "A woman's kiss I No I the lipsi were fire-the arms ice. Let me go fiend : there is blood on her neck I Let me go ! I am atifling- strangling !. Ah 1 I can't bear it I Accursed sorcerer, I have had enough. Help I Ilelp I" A heavy fall was heard inside the room. Some of the company tore open the door, whilst others fetched a light. The commercial lay du the fidor' in convulsions, the ghost, of course, had vanished. They sprinkled cold water on the man's face, slapped his hands and feet, shook him and rubbed hinm with-vinegar, frightened out of their 'wits at the alarming consequences of .the spectral 'wager. At last he' came to. Drawing a deep breath, he opened his eyes, and cast a terrified glance toward the end of the rooth,.as if he expected to sea the glassy gaze of the murdered matadore still rivetted upon him. His relief at finding the alpparition gone 'was quickly succeeded by aii outburst of fiury against the wizard 'wl;o had called it up. "Where is he gouie 1" he cried. " 1'ihere is the blanked swiudler'who has been trying to mtmmnon me with hisa ghost 1 It wios a gull,"a cheat! Tlo dead don't return." lie looked ravagely nbout l:izi, bet t?o ?.Toai can trader wis not' there ; hea iotnaed behind in the garden. " Wh'~ere is lie skulkingi" Let mn conic athim i" s'houitet the youg commerciail, and before' anvo;n' had time to prevent him, he slhot utito the garden like d cannon-ball. 'The othersa followed in a state of panic, oxpecting a cttastropho if the two men mot. 'It was pitch dark in the gr.rlon? a',l t.,ey'blled. aloud to the Mlexican to beware oi the. exasperated Yankee. But ore-..r ,,r ; remained quiet.. I'esoutly n-.: . weie brought, and strict searc. r :. among the beds of yams sad' .n r. a tg the ipatch of sugar-cano in : .. garden. It resulted in the nothing but a young mougo, harbouriug thievish designs o turkeys. A low hedge of t sepal ated the "garden from ti. country, which was enveloped in t. nese of a stormy midnight. "Under i. of this impenetrable gloom the runglreian and the sceptic, theoir theatrical animosity laid asi.Lo with the compieltion of their ra.'.*', had accolnp!is'.ed anI cazy evaCioU, car; ,ng with tleiu theo 00 dollars of their cajoue.l felow paascueer'. Sonmo of these laighel at the clerer 'iwindle, whilst othe;s atirme.l that t1as entire adrenture wa-, the womb of t:he dril and his 'agents. The debate On theso points occulpied'the whloleof the next stage. The nmuoral was of course drawn into the argument, hut he would not commit himself. "Godl only knew. The Americanos were woti'to say there' were dollars in Cuba for men who kept their eyes skinned, and sakhined' eyes might also see ghosts I For'the rest, each senor had paid equally for the right to his 'op'inion." The Imajoral couhl afford to be pliilosophic and impartial. lie had lost nilotling, aIil Ihe he'd acituire'd a new andl 'exdit?g tale 'of the road. 