SYDNEY EAST SYNOD. The Synod re-assembled after tea on Wednesday evening, and proceeded to the consideration of the statistical returns and the state of the work of God throughout the district. The report was presented by the Rev. W. H. Rogers, the totals being as follow: — Churches, 46; ministers, 31; local preachers, 73; class leaders, 67; church members, 1761; communicants, 279; adherents, 15.095; Sun day schools, 41; scholars, 6992; catechu mens, 336; in young people's societies, 393; teachers, 648: Bands of Hope, 26, with members numbering 2527. After a profitable conversation on the state of the work of God in the district, in which the Revs. J. Gardiner, B. J. Meek, J. S. Austin, K. A. Comen, W. H. George, M. H. Parkinson, C. Stead, and Messrs. Wise man and Callaghan engaged, the following resolution was unanimously carried, on the motion of Rev. G. Lane, seconded by Rev. Dr. Sellors, "The statistical returns having been presented to, and carefully considered by. this District Synod, we hereby record our heartfelt gratitude to the Great Head of the Church for the increase which He has vouchsafed to us iu some departments of our work, and wo express our regret that in some other departments there has been apparent decrease; we humbly confess to' God our unfaithfulness, seek His for giveness. and a fresh baptism of the Holy Ghost; we also resolve to reconsecrate our selves to God and His service, to preach more earnestly the gospel of Christ, to seek more tenderly and assiduously the salva tion of the young people ol our Sabbath schools and congregations, and to devote ourselves more fully to the varied duties of our office in His Church. We further de sire to offer to the Rev. T. Cook a cordial welcome to this colony, and assure him of our prayerful and brotherly sympathy, with praise to God. for the success which has attended bis work, and a fervent hope that in other places he may be still more abun dantly blessed of God." The remainder of the session was occu- pied wun the discussion ot me ruies or me Removal Expenses Fund, which were seve rally considered, and. with some slight amendments, eventually adopted. In relation to the Sustentation Society, it was unanimously recommended that the office of tho clerical general secretary be continued, and that Dr. Sellors be re-ap- poiuted by the Conference. Yesterday morning the ministerial busi ness was resumed. The daily record was read by the assistant secretary (Rev. W. II. Oakes). The examination of the Rev. James Wat- eon. who is completing his term of proba tion, was then proceeded with, being con ducted by the Rev. G. Martin, one of the theological tutors. The Rev. W. J. Win- spear read the report of his trial sermon, which was also spoken to by the Revs. J. Phillips and G. Martin, the Rev. C. Stead reporting on his written sermon. These being regarded as satisfactory, it was re solved, on the motion of the Rev. Dr. Brown, seconded by the Rev. C. Stead "That Mr. Watson he cordially received into full connexion with the Wesleyan Church." In relation to the retirement of the Rev. G. Martin from the active circuit work, it was moved by the Rev. G. Line, second ed by the Rev. C. Stead, and unanimously passed:— "This district synod, in recom mending to the conference that the request of tho Rev. G. Martin to become a super numerary, be acceded to. would hereby express its deep regret that the impaired condition of his health compels him to seek relief from circuit work, and records .its high appreciation of his blameless cha racter, his earnest, faithful, and efficient labors In his various circuits during the 34 years of his ministry in New South Wales. By his eloquence in tho pulpit and on the platform, and his literary ability in the columns of our connexional news papers, ho has rendered eminent service to our church, and to the cause of our common Christianity in this land. We would assure him of our brotherly affec tion and sympathy, and of our desire that he may be spared for years to come to serve the Church of our Lord Jesus Christ, with his voice and pen, as his strength may permit." The report of the Foreign Missionary Society for the past year was read by the general secretary, the Rev. Dr. Brown, and the returns, compared with those of tho previous year, showing some amount of decrease, owing partly to the death of some liberal subscribers, and partly to the depressed stato of the times. The. Rev. J. Gardiner submitted the report of the Super numeraries' and Ministers' Widows' Fund. It was resolved that the conference be requested to direct superintendents to for ward home and foreigu mission monies as soon as possible. The business of the financial synod closed with votes of thanks to the presi dent, secretary. assistant secretary, reporters to the press, the friends who so kindly entertained the mini sters and representatives, and to the Ilev. J. S. Austin for the preparations made in connection with the room. The minutes wero road, and the meeting terminated with the Benediction, pronounced by the president. 