LOSS OF FAITHAND ' SUICIDE.' The second of. the course of lectures to be" given • hi ; St,- ^Paul's Church, in ■ Latrobe-terrece" dirohg^ ilie . winter 'months, was delivered-last;evening to a well filled churcli by tbe Rev.: W. JS, H. Percival, of Lara, on " The loss of faith and suicide." The preacher chose for Mb "textthe words contained iri the gospel of St. Lukexvi. chap.and 2ud verse: " Give on account of thy stewardship, for thou niayst be no'- longer steward."! - The preacher during ' his remarks • said : that the steward's office was oneof trust, which might end at any "moment, sis it was'de 'pendent on the' will of auotherV'wlio might . at any, time —call tho • trus tee' to: account, - Tho trustee or steward of tho. present day .who -mismanaged ^his'aocounfs was taken to law ; therefore'the trust given them by God in spiritual matters should bo looked, .upon in - the. same-responsible , manner. They were too liable to be flippant- and deal with .their trusts lightly. Their bodies, were-the temples of-ithe., Holy Ghost, and .although it. was a terrible thing, men, when lbey> had lost every thing else, considered .that thoy could do as they pleased with it,' and could ovon go to the extent of destroying it; To-day there was a gradual loss of faith and gradual tendency to sclf-destruction. How o{ten v/as jt exclaimed on perus ing tho daily papers,' ' > Ah! • 'another suicide.'',- He,, could: not .trace, any Christian connection. between':, tlieiii; Their 'own time'bliviued '.prevailing philo sophy, and pessimists declared .that lifo .wus'a furco and thi^t 'tlie world was getting worse, and'there -was no liop'6 of Improving ijji be ,he.ard ; ;C(puiirg • frb'iji',' yoppg itiph ' ahd 'wonjpu who, were 'enjoying ith'e".hest'of •health and God's hlessihgs, and who had had go'Od 'Christian: educations^", the utterances " that life was ' not worth Jiving, and it would "be; matter of no. surprise if thoyputthemsclyes out pf if." If that was Christianity, it,%was,;..he thought, a livvnen'tahle state ef things. Ho -blumed the seniiri-eligions'-novels "which were supposed to' hp' Avritpeii .by persons of intelligence and comniohsen'se, for doing a lot of harm In treating .such matters as suicide so lightly.' Thero was nothing manly in taking one's life.: Tho man'thai ' tpok his' own' life And loft others to battle on as best they could was a coward, and lie trusted that before long the familiar verdict of " Temporary fiisanjty,'." ny6uld, Joe altered-.to " Died through Cowijrdicum •* " 