THE PHANTOM HORSEMAN. A TALE OF TASMANIA. Bt C.R.G. Tftere are mere things in heaven and earth,- Horatio, than are dreamt of in your phifor sophy.—Shakepeart 1 : I may preface the following true story by stating that I have not, and never had, any belief in the supernatural. Spirits—nnlem in a liquid state—I reckon but the myths of the superstitions: spiritualism I estimate as arrant humbug, and the BO-ealled supernatural appearances and extraordinary "manifestations" -of which we hear so much merely the natural result of trickery imposing upon mental weakness. I firmly believe that all the singular phenomena produced by mediums, clairvoyants, thought-readers, el hue genus cm»e, are the outcome of human ingenuity or jugglery, and may be readily aooounted for by those who dip deeply into scientific lore, or who may happen to be expert professors of the art of legerdemain. So great indeed is my contempt for the ghoetly fraternity that I would as lief sleep m a churchyard as in a hotel, were it .not for the inconvenience which would undoubtedly to caused by tbe hardnww of a tombstone .for a pillow;, and feel sure tbat no respectable ghost would resent my intrusion into the neighborhood of his prisonhouse. gut I am, of course, open to conviction. Spirits lam prepared to believe in just so soon aB they - will oonsent to give over such sohooTboy pranks as rapping table legs, dashing muaoal instruments, etc., and will volunteer to do something useful to humanity, sncb, .for instance, as to give a hard-up pressman thte straight tip for the next Melbourne Cup. An «m,«M» and well trained bona fide ghost might be made extremely useful in many ways. On the staff of an evening journal, for example, such an acquisition would be worth untold gold— would, in fact, prove a mine.of wealth worth half a dozen Coolgardies. Fancy being' able, by spirit express, to give a couple of colums of illustrate! description of the wreck ef the Alert half annour after—or for.lhe matter of that, half an hour before—it happened, with a full list of the men's names and their photographs ! Or, to give the full scores of our boys' cricket matches in England before they were played. From a utilitarian point of VIBW it is evident the denizens of spirit land, if they really existed, should command every suooess iu their overtures to mortals, instead of which theyhaveonlyoontrivedhithertotomakethem.- "^''WtTt^^JridipTilfflinimfl unlrilHl worthy. If, aB I said before, one of them will give me the Cup tip I will promise with my winnings to found a " Spirits' Retreat" somewhere in Bouverie street, and undertake to provide the poor perturbed spirits with charts, tables, banjos, tambourines, etc., ad lib. for their recreation. It was in Tasmania, about 22 years ago that I saw the Phantom Horseman. The title is a purely fanciful one, as for reasons above stated, I no more believe that he was a phantom than I believe in the libels written about Australian pronunciation.^ The time was, appropriately enough, midnight. It was pitchy dark, and inky thunderclouds coveredUie firmament and hung over the earth .like a funeral pall. A fitting time and night indeed for the perambulations of unearthly visitants, yet I was young, tired, and hungry, and my only thought was to get home to a comfortable fire and something to eat- Certainly thoughts of ghosts never entered my head. I was riding homewards from a country house known as " The Bend" (not the 'Yarra Bend, incredulous reader) situated on tbe North Esk river. Tbe lateness of the hour, and the threatening storm induced me to urge my horse to at hand gallop, ana just as I turned into a narrow lane about a mile from home the storm burst in all its fury. And it was furious ! Torrents of run descended—cach drop seemed a bucketful; peals of thunder succeededeachother with startling anddeafening rapidity, and flash after flash of sheet lightning at intervals ot a few seconds lit up the scene and rendered every object as plainly visible as at midday. Theiane I was riding in . was a very narrow footpath—so narrow that in galloping along my feet brushed against the gorse hedges on either side of me. There was no room for even a sheep to pass my horse in the lane; of that I am certain. In fact it was not onoe in six months that anybody ever rode along the path; it was (merely intended for foot juuKumgw, and I had only ridden into it in the hope of getting home by the nearer way in time to avoid a drenching. About halfway njp the lane a flash of lightning more vivid than - usual lit _ up the scene, and to my horror it showed me another horseman a few paoes in front of me, also riding at full gallop, and coming from the place to which 2 was malting. Hie lightning's flash enabled me to see everything clearly. The man was mounted on a grey horse, and was dressed iu a light grey tweed suit, felt hat pressed down over his eyes, and top boots. He had no overooat, but a comforter of some kind wrapped round his throat. The feeling of horror i experienced was not because of any superstitions fear, but simply because I took horse and rider to be composed of flesh, blood and bone, like myself and my steed, and knew that under the ciroumstances a collision was inevitable. We were .only a couple of lengths apart, both riding at a gallop, and there was not the slightest possibility of passing each other or of pulling up our horses. We were as certain to run into each other as the Oamperdown into the Victoria when Admiral Tiyon gave his fatal order. I involuntarily shut my eyes and awaited the shocV. A oouple of seconds suspense and nothing happening, I opened them again. Another flash of lightning came, and lo I my horseman had disappeared, and I conQ -see right up the straight lane to the white gate at the end. I pulled up, turned round and at the next flash looked back whence I bad come. The iane was empty, nor was there any sign of living thing inthe fields on either side of the gorse hedge. Well, I rode on home in a state of ample bewilderment. The horseman mnst have oalleiat the house in order to get the key of the gate leading into the lane, but enquiry there only intensified the mystery, co one had called since I left five hours previously. and the gate was, as usual, securely padlocked for the lane was a private one and "no thoroughfare" to the general public. Then I began to think I had at last seen a real live ghost. 