The General Conference. Sunday Services (May 13.) The principal pulpits of the Adelaide and suburban circuits, as well as several in the country, were occupied on Sunday by visitors from the other colonies. The President preached at Pirie-street in the morning before a large congregation, and in the evening the Rev. A. R. Edgar conducted the service. In the afternoon addresses were given by the Rev. W. H. Fitchett on ' Concrete Religion,' and the Rev. L. M. Isitt on ' Temperance Work in New Zealand.' Visit to Marble Hill. On Saturday, May 12, by invitation of His Excellency the LieutenantGover nor of South Australia, the members of the Conference assembled on the lawn at Government House. There were present also representatives of other Churches. The company, numbering about 200, were conveyed in drags to the vice-regal resi dence at Marble Hill, where the grounds were inspected and luncheon was partaken of. At the conclusion of the repast the President, in a most appropriate speech, acknowledged the great kindness of their host, and his sentiments were ably suppor ted by the Revs. Spence, Withington- McNicoll and .Webb. Good wishes were then expressed concerning the health of Her Majesty the Queen, and the company joined in Binging the National Anthem. Similar sentiments were uttered with regard to the Lieutenant-Governor, who, in reply, thanked the Conference . for making the first day of the last week of his term of office the happiest he had spent for many months past. The doxology was heartily sung, and after light refreshments the drags started cn the return journey, reach ing the city a little before 6 p.m. Great admiration was expressed on the part of the visitors at the lovely scenery en route and the excellent situation of the ' Residence ' at Marble Hill, and the outing will not soon be forgotten. ' Third Day — May 14. MORNING SESSION. A letter from the Secretary of the Y.M.C.A., inviting the Conference to make use of the reading-room was accepted with thanks. A communication was received from the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, requesting permission for a depu tation to wait upon the Conference, and also urging the encouragement of the use of. ! unfermented wine at the Lord's Supper. A time was appointed for the deputation, and the Conference by resolution informed the Union that unfermented wine is in general use in our churches, and further, that the Conference sympathises with the move ment. A motion by the Rev. L. Fison to limit the duration of speeches was carried. A committee was appointed to consider the advisability, of including in the printed minutes some information upon the history of the Church in these colonies, with addi tional statistics. An invitation was received, to visit Prince Alfred College, and the Conference agreed I to do so on May 21. It was also agreed to accept an invitation from Mr. and Mrs. Charles Drew and Mr. and Mrs. James I Marshall, to visit the house and grounds of he latter at Payneham on Saturday^~jj^ i A cordial vote of thanks was passed to I His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor 1 for his generous hospitality to the Conference 1 on the previous Saturday. g| children's fund. I The Rev. W. Lee, Clerical General i Treasurer of the Children's Fund, presented I the report of the Fund, which was adopted 1 The treasurers and auditors were thanked' 1 and Rev. W. Lee and Mr. J. P. Leary were i appointed treasurers. A request from the 1 Rev. L. J. Rowlands that his eldest child 1 should be recognised as a claimant on the I Fund was granted. Various matters in 1 reference to the Fund were entrusted to a I committee for consideration and report at a 1 later stage. i FOREIGN MISSIONS. g| The Rev. George Brown, D.D., General 1 Secretary, moved the adoption of the i report, an abstract of which was presented, I Carried. 1 The Board of Management was appoia- §j ted, and also the Committee of Discipline. 11 The Rev. J. Oram and Mr. S. E. Lees, 1 M.L.A., were re-appointed General Trea- 1 surers. Testimony was borne to the 1 valuable services of the General Secretary, §| Rev. George Brown, and he was re. m appointed amid acclamation. if The following recommendation of the 1 New South Wales Conference was adopted: if 'That par. 205, p. 41, Book of Laws, be 1 so altered as to give any probationer in onr b Foreign Mission districts who has been K twelve months in that particular district If the right to vote (except in matters con- ffl cerning his own status and examination) in K any district meeting with which he is II connected, provided that there be less than 1 four ministers in full connection in the i district.' § A set of recommendations from the New |®j South Wales Conference, in reference to In the employment of lay missionaries, was js| with a few amendments, agreed to. The question of the desirability of depart ing from the rule as to making a grant o! £150 from the mission funds to circuits taking a returned missionary was referral to a oommittee. The subject of legal expenses incurred by' the Rev. P. J. Chapman, of Fiji, in a libel case in which he had been involved by certain Roman Catholic priests, caipe under consideration. The committee appointed to consider Foreign Mission affairs recom mended : ' That in view of the peculiar circumstances of the case, the General Conference directs the Board of Missions to pay £150 of the costs in the libel action against Mr. Chapman, leaving Mr. Chap man to arrange personally for the payment of the balance, without prejudice, however. to any case that may arise in the future, , the Conference holding that missionaries, like ministers in the colonial work, must be responsible for the consequences of their personal utterances. The Rev. J. B. Stephenson, in moving the adoption of the recommendation, said that although'the committee felt that Mr. Chapman had acted injudiciously he de served the sympathy of the Conference. H he had committed an error of judgment he had done it in honesty, and with the best of motives. The Rev. J. E. Moulton movel that the amount granted be £200. The Eev. G. Lane seconded. j Considerable discussion ensued, ^0 motion being ultimately carried, with A0 substitution of £200 as proposed by Mf Moulton. ThiB, it was stated, would still leave the Rev. J. P. Chapman personally liable :for a considerable sum. By resolution, Conference recognise with devout gratitude to God the abundftD blessings upon the successful New Guinea Missions, and recorded its appreciation o the judgment displayed by the Board Missions in the matter, and of the devote energy displayed by Dr. Brown. , A unanimous vote of thanks was tender® to Mr. Chas. Drew for his noble gift J. steam launch, the Langhmi, for the use the Chairman of the Fiji District. being a member of the Conference, onally acknowledged the vote, and said *Tt it gave grea* pleasure to aBsist |])0 mission in the way he had done. Fourth Day — May 15. rpjje Rev. L. Fison, M.A., moved— 'That tbis General Conference desires to lace on record an expression of profound vmpatby *ke ®ev- Frederick Lang jjsQ]( the honoured chairman of the Fiji Pistriofc, and with his brethren there, in the trying circumstances in which they have been placed of late, and which have been jfftrravated by the persistent machinations of^e Papal agents in Fiji. While this Conference regrets that those complications have prevented Mr. Langham from being PP pregent at its sessions, it is deeply sensible 111 0f the devotion to our mission cause, which mj$ j,aB Jjept him at his arduous post, and which ill has been so steadfastly displayed through out the whole of his long and distinguished ill career.' Carried unanimously. An invitation'' was received from the |||f Omen's Christian Temperance Union, to [ra| a social tea in the Town Hall on Monday Wm Tuesday next, with a view to introducing &f;| [he Conference to the executive of the |||] TMious temperance societies. Accepted for 1|| Tuesday. PI The committee on Children's Fund jjj a£fairs, having considered some questions rag jemitted to it, the Chairman (the Rev. W. Wm Lee) presented the following report : — i|| ' That the allowance from the Children's III Fond shall be not less than £9 per annum for each obild, to be paid to the claimants {raj on the fund for the whole term of years as e|] ^ present for boys and girls respectively, |li thiB to come into operation on January, M 1895.' Egf Tne report was discusssd at some length, 1|| and it was agreed to substitute £8 for £9 as Kg! the annual allowance, the oommittee, with Bit the Eev. J. Cope, being requested to meet mm again and report as to the incidence of ! [Ill assessment of the present claimants on the 11| ?educational portion of the fund. |||j The Revs. W. H. Fitchett, and E. J. Eodd iSpi and Mr. D. Nook were appointed a com ragl raittee to prepare an address to be presented gill to the British Conference. ? rag The Rev. J. E. Carruthers moved, — Mil 'That a committee be appointed to con Bgf filler the scale on which expenses shall be Hag allowed to representatives attending this KB and future General Conferences, likewise Wil any other matter relating to the cost of the jig GeneraljConference, with a view of effecting Bil economy wherever practicable.' i«H The Rev. E. W. Nye moved to strike out tho words ' this and.' The amendment was carried by a large majority, and the motion as amended was urn agreed to. ||| The Rev. A. J. Webb introduced the Rev. IV. P. Brown, a minister of the Queensland III Conference, who was on his way to III Portugal to engage in mission work there. Bp The President, on behalf of the Conference, l|| ^hed Mr. Brown God speed in his work, if INTER-CONFERENTIAL EXCHANGES. |p The committee appointed to report on Kg the question of the interchange of ministers ?m between the Conferences, recommended : — III i. That the Rev. Joseph Hopkins, of the raj ^outh Australia Conference, be transferred h| to the New South Wales Conference, and Eg the latter Conference be directed to Hi provide a suitable exchange for Mr. Bff Hopkins, the exchange to take effect in B| 1895. 2. That the Revs. Henry Bath, if ,Jenry Greenwood, John H. Tuckfield and III ' ^ White be transferred from the Vic H 'or'a an^ Tasmania Conference to the H| South Australia Conference. 3. That the M «evs. Jas. Haslam, Robert M. Hunter, H °seph Nicholson and J. R. Bradbury be ? anaferred from the South Australia Con ffi erence to the Victoria and Tasmania B °nference. 4. That the transfer of the H fitT Uaslara, John H. Tuck H ft! Nicholaon' T- G. White and J. R. 1 / take effect in 1895, and of the i ?rr6VS' Henry Greenwood and R. M. 1 1896. 5. That the application E| 6 v' ^ ? Hodge to be transferred to the Victoria and Tasmania Conference be not acceded to. 6. That we do not recom mend the adoption of the South Australia Conference recommendation to thiB Con ference — That, in order to facilitate ex change between ministers of any of the Annual Conferences and the English Con ferences, the General Conference be requested to arrange with the English Conference a satisfactory and equitable system of interchange. The Rev. G. Lane, having presented the report, which was formally receiived, moved the adoption of the first recommendation. After some discussion it was agreed, on the motion of the Rev. H. R. Dewsbury: — 'That this recommendation be referred back to the committee in order that a minister of the New South Wales Con ference may be named in exchange for Mr. Hopkins. The remaining recommendations were fully discussed, and it was decided, subject to satisfactory communications being received from brethren directly concerned who were not present, to make the follow ing exchanges : — The Revs. H. Bath, John H. Tuckfield, T. G- White, and W. Shaw, to be transferred from the Victoria and Tasmania Conference to the South Australia Conference, the three first to take effect in 1895, and the transfer of Mr. Shaw in 1896 ; the Revs. J. Haslam. J. Nicholson and J. R. Bradbury to be trans ferred to the Victoria and Tasmania Conference in 1895, and the Rev. R. M. Hunter to the same Conference in 1896. It was moved by Mr. W. H. Fitchett that the Rev. J. E. Carruthers be transferred to South Australia in exchange for the Rev. J. Nicholson. Mr. Carruthers stated that he felt persuaded his proper sphere was in New South Wales, and the motion was negatived. The recommendation of the committee with regard to English interchanges was accepted, as was also that relating to the application of the Rev. W. H. Hodge. The Rev. W. H. Fitchett moved : ' That the Rev. A. J. Webb having preferred a request for transfer to New South Wales, this Conference directs that this request be provided for in 1895, under the regulations dealing with transfer from the New South Wales to the Queensland Conference. The Rev. W. H. Beale moved as an amendment that the matter be referred back to the committee. In the course of discussion Mr. Webb explained that his medical adviser had suggested his removal from Queensland on account of climate. He had been 18 years in the tropics, and had served three years in Queensland, and for health reasons desired a change. The motion was carried. Fifth Day — May 16. MORNING SESSION. The Rev. J. Haslam read extracts from a letter received from the Rev. Thomas Cook, stating that his mission at Moonta was succeeding, and that up to date 70 conversions had taken place. The Rev. R. Philp moved — ' That this General Conference would offer its sincere and hearty congratulations to the Rev. John Watsford, that he has been permitted to celebrate the jubilee of his ministry, and also of his marriage. It would offer thanks to God for his long and useful life, for his faithful services in the mission field, the ability with which he has served our Church in these colonies, and for the abundant blessing which has rested upon his efforts, in his later days,; to spread Soriptural holiness throughout this land. It would earnestly pray that he may be spared for many years, to continue his blessed work.' Mr. G. M. Hitchcock seconded, and the Revs. J. E. Moulton, G. Lane, R. M. Hunter, Dr. Brown, H. Bull, and A. J. Webb spoke in support, and the motion was carried with acclamation. The Rev. J. Watsford replied. It was decided that the resolution be presented in the form of an illuminated address. The Rev. E. H. Sugden, B.A., B.Sc., moved,—1 That this Conference, having heard with great satisfaction of the invita tion given to one of its members — the Rev. Lorimer Fison, MA.— by the British As sociation for the Advancement of Soience, to be its guest at its meeting in Oxford, in August next, begs to offer him its hearty congratulations upon the distinguished honour thus shown to him, and wishes him a pleasant journey and a safe return.' The Rev. H. T. Burgess, in seconding the motion, read a resolution of the Royal Sooiety of Victoria congratulating Mr. Fison on the honour conferred upon him. Carried unanimously. It was further re solved that the Rev. L. FiBon, M.A., be ap pointed representative of the General Con ference to the British Conference of 1894. Mr. Fison, in replying, said it would be affectation on his part to say he was not pvuu U1 UUO UiDUiUUliUU UUlilOXXCU UJJUiJl lillXI* He was, however, still more proud of the faot that he was a Methodist preacher, and had a Methodist ancestry running back to the days of John Wesley. The Rev. W. Lee presented the report of the special committee on the Children's Fund, and on his motion it was resolved that the resolution of the previous day be amended so to read, — ' There shall be no differential allowances to the claimants on the fund, but in order to equalise the inter ests of all concerned, and avoid complicat ing the accounts, the amount shall not be less than ^8 10s for each ohild.' The educational branch ot the fund was abolished. j FOREIGN MISSIONS. The Rev. Dr. Brown presented the re port of the committee on lay missionaries, and on his motion the clauses were amended in accordance with the recom mendation of the committee. A clause was added dealing with the position of missionary sisters. The committee also reported concerning the settlement of re turned missionaries, and recommended the payment of graduated amounts from the fund, acoording'to the term of service ren dered by the brethren prior to entering mission work. The Rev. G. Lane moved, as an amend ment that a uniform rate of £100 be paid to the Conference receiving a returned missionary. The amendment was carried. On the motion of the Rev. C. Stead, the Conference expressed its gratification at the success of the Missionary Beview, and re solved to continue its publication. It was resolved : — ' That in view of the fact chat 10,000 Indian coolies are in Fiji, and exercising a serious influence on the Fijians, the Mission BoaH is directed to take what steps are possible for the evan gelisation of the coolies in Fiji ; and that it place itself in communication with the British Conference, with a view to securing a suitable agent or agents to labour among these people.' The Rev. Geo. Lane presented a lengthy report of the General Conference Committee on Tongan affairs. The report was re ceived, and a vote of thanks was given to the committee, and especially to the Rev. Geo. Lane, for their services. deputations. The secretary (Rev. H. T. Burgess) in troduced Mrs, Nichoils and Miss George as a deputation from the Womans' Christian Temperance Union. The President ex tended a hearty weloome to the ladies, and invited them to give such account as they pleased as to their work. Mrs. Nichoils began by congratulating the President on the position to which he had been elected, and proceeded to state the objeots of the institution of which she had recently been chosen the chief officer for Australasia. The Conference, no doubt, would agree with the objeots. If its mem bers differed at all, it would be with the methods only, and these would not be adversely criticised if they were better understood. The Union had been a suc cess. Its membership numbered a quarter of a million, of which total Australasia contributed 7,000. It was not' entirely popular just yet, and interested motives were often attributed to the workers. They were not actuated by financial or ambitious motives. Their motto was 'For God, home, and humanity.' Woman's sphere was wherever God might put her, and many, through joining the Union, had been the better able to fulfil their duty in the home circle. Their work was highly necessary, and they would be grateful for the sympathy and support of the O onfer ence. Miss George said that the W.C.T.U con sisted of women of various creeds, but the work they were engaged in deepened their love for the Churohes to whioh they be longed. They were returning to the spirit of the founder of Methodism, and depended upon the Holy Ghost to make their work effective. It was necessary to secure the assistance both of men and women, and they relied upon the sympathy of those present in their great work. The Rev. W. J. Williams, replying, as sured the deputation of the entire sympathy of the Conference. They were allies in the work of uplifting humanity. Woman was strictly in her place in occupying the front rank on such a matter. Women felt the consequences of the drink evil more than anyone else. He was surprised that the deputation had not! laid more emphasis on the question of female suffrage. The result of the experiment in New Zealand was en tirely satisfactory. They had a better olasB of legislators, and a higher tone prevailed. The liquor traffic in that colony had had such a shaking that no retail business waft worth six years' purchase. The ladies had the consolation of knowing that they were cursed in every public house bar in that colony, and the reason was, that their work had given the traffic notice to quit. Mr. W. T. Reid said, — ' God bless the women, and God bless their motto.' In Qu eensland they had the best licensing act in the colonics. A great blow had been struck at the root of the liquor traffic, so that retailers at least did not feel as safe as they did a few years ago, and it was largely due to the action of the W.C.T.U. The Union had also sought to obtain the repeal of a certain law in Queensland favouring . impurity. There 'were female local preachers in that colony, and he hoped to see further concessions made to them. The Rev. H. Bull proposed a resolution of svmnathv with the work of the W.C.T.U., which was carried. A deputation from the Adelaide Minis terial Association was then introduced and welcomed by the President. The Rev. C. Manthorpe was glad to be present, and hoped for good results to follow the deliberations of Conference. He brought fraternal greetings from his brethren. The Rev. J. Lyall referred to the objects of the association, and said that they re joiced in the success of Methodism, - and that the spirit of Wesley still survived. The salvation of souls waB the first question. They did not preach politics, or set class against class, and he hoped they would continue to preach the doctrines of the atonement of Christ and the regenerative work of the Holy Spirit. These were things that could never be shaken. They were living in days of difficulty and unrest. There was a disposition to unsettle everything, and they all required Divine guidance. He sympathised with the Conference in their recent troubles in Fiji through the subtle machinations of Rome, but was glad the foundations of the work in that land were so well laid. The Rev. S. Mead was interested in the work that Methodism was doing, and regretted the probable Iobs of respected and useful ministers through their transfer to other Conferences. The dootrine of holiness was one of much importance, and he hoped the Methodist Church would continue to lead the van on the subject. After a few friendly words from the Rev. Robertson, M.A., the Rev. G. Lane spoke in reply. Though they differed on com paratively unimportant matters, they were agreed on vital points. They gathered around the one cross, and if they at any time seemed to oppose one another, it was through misunderstanding. In face of the ? great evils that existed they should not 'stand apart, but learn to know each other better, and they would become still more brotherly. They were standing at the springs of a young nation's life, and should pray for graoe to do their work well.' ' The Eev. A. J. Webb followed with a few words of response. The want of unity in Protestantism had been reflected upon by a great authority in another branch of Christendom, but he believed the unity was more real and deep than appeared on the surface. ? Mr. J. Oallaghan also spoke in reply. It was his first visit to Adelaide, and he was greatly, pleased with what he saw. This was an age of associations. Men united for all sorts of purposes, some of them pernicious, but the 1 Ministerial Associa tion ' was evidently agreed in working for the promotion of wise and good objects. A hymn was then sung, and the Eev. W. P. Wells engaged in prayer. Afternoon Session. A telegram was received from Mr. S. E. Lees, M.L.A., of Sydney, thanking the Conference for his re-appointment as one of the General Treasurers of the Missionary Society. On the motion of the Eev. Dr. Brown, it was unanimously decided to forward an expression of gratitude to Sir William MacGregor, Governor of New Guinea, for the great interest he had taken in the work of the missions. METHODIST UNION. The committee appointed to deal with various notices of motion and Conference recommendations on this subject pre sented its report through the Eev. W. E. Nye. The report, which was receiv ed advised chat a certain part of the recom mendation of the South Australia Con ference should be regarded as the motion in the debate on the question, and that the New South Wales recommendation should be treated as the amendment. The Eev. E. W. Nye moved the adoption of. the report. This was lost in favour of an amendment moved by the Eev. H. T. Burgess, to the effect that the motionf notice. of which had been given by the Eev. W. H. Fitchett, be regarded as the motion before the Conference, viz. ' (a) The General Conference re-affirms its judgment that union with the other branches of Methodism in these colonies, practically identical in belief and teaching with itBelf, sprung from the same spiritual stock, and separated from it merely by differences in ecclesiastical order, would be for the glory of God and the advancement of Christ's kingdom, (b) That it defines, as the general constitutional basis upon which it is prepared to unite with the other Methodist Churches, the plan agreed upon by the Conference of Methodist bodies held in Melbourne, 1892, and printed on page 40 . of the Agenda Book ; and that ? be a committee to make, and report for approval to thiB Conference, . such verbal and other changes in this scheme as may be found to be necessary, (c) That this Conference empowers and authorises each Annual Conference to carry into effect, within its own bounds, at the earliest period found practicable, and on the constitutional basis thus defined, union with other Methodist Churches. All finanoial and business questions arising out of such union to be deoided by the Annual Conference con cerned. (d) That this Conference appoints ? — as a standing committee on Methodist union. Such committee shall have power to meet- and deliberate during the interval betwixt this and the next General Conference. Upon the requisition of any Annual Conference, or if, in the judgment of the President of the General Conference, it should be deemed desirable, a meeting of suoh standing committee shall be called, any scheme for union as a whole, in any Annual Conference, or any detail of such scheme, shall be submitted to it for consideration, and its decision shall have the force of a decision in this General Conference. ( e ) That pending organic, union, and as a method of hasten ing its approach, this Conference directs each Annual Conference to invite the other Methodist bodies to join in creating, within its own bounds, a Federal Council of Methodist Churches : such council to have generally the functions defined on pp. 37 38\. Pending the sessions of the Annual Conferences of 1895, the representatives of each Annual Conference in the present General Conference be a committee to represent the Wesleyan Methodist Church in such Federal Council within the bounds of their own Conferences.' It was agreed also that the Eev. J. Haslam's notice of motion be regarded as the amendment before the Conference. The discussion at once proceeded on this basis. The Eev. W. H. Fitchett, in moving his resolution, said that it must be a good thing that, instead of 400,000 adherents they should have 600,000, and chat the children of the household should return and past mistakes be rectified. The Hon. Mackenzie Bowell, of Canada, had assured him that Methodism in the Dominion had gained greatly in dignity and influence since the union. They were being injured in Australia through their divisions. They had one theology, praotically one hymn book, one method, and the movement for union was backed by thirteen years of re solutions. They had to ask what price they were going to pay for the proposed union, and what were the business risks. This was a question for the Annual Con ferences to consider, as they only had the means to obtain knowledge of local facts and conditions ; and to say whether it was right to increase the number of their minis ters, or the amount of their debts. These questions had- been considered, and no better basis could be drawn up than that printed in the Agenda Paper. It was an ideal constitution, and represented a con sensus of opinion both within that Confer ence and outside. It had gone through a fire of criticism, and had had much patient consideration. The other Churches would accept it, and it would not create a revolu tion in their own Church. It satisfied the conservative element, and should be agree able to all the Conferences. One of the clauses in his proposition allowed per mission to the several Conferences to effect union within their own bounds, but of course the liberty allowed would keep within the four corners of the constitution. Each Conference could try its experiments, and perhaps one would solve the problem for all. If the other Churches would not unite in matters of detail, that Conference would then know the price it had to pay. Mr. W. Moxham seconded the motion. He was grieved at the existing divisions. The offshoots existed as such through no fault of their own. They had been forced outlthrough tyranny. Persons outside re flected upon them because of the divisions that prevailed. The Eev. Jas. Haslam proposed the following amendment : — ' That this Con ference, having considered the recom mendations of the several Annual Con ferences on the subject of Methodist Union, and also having before it the result of the enquiries made, and negotiations conducted under the direction of the Conferences, finds. : — (a) That while the theory of Methodist Union is generally approved in our own Church, there exists a very widely-divided opinion as to the wisdom of attempting at present to amalgamate the several branches of Methodism. (6) That the other Methodist Churches are by no means unanimously in favour of amalgam ation. (c) That the obstacles of a practical character in the way of amalgamation make it, for the time being, unattainable. This Conference therefore resolves — (a) That to prevent overlapping and undue rivalry, and in order to cultivate the spirit of union and to secure co-operation in church work ^nd enterprise among the various Methodist denominations, it is desirable to establish a Methodist Federal Council in eaoh colony. (6) That the following be a committee to prepare a draft plan for the working of suoh a Federal Council, and to report to this Conference.' The view advocated by Mr. Fitchett seemed to him like absorption. They were ready for that, but it was a very different thing from amalgamation. He was opposed to the latter on several gronnds. The question had been remitted to the quarterly meetings, and while many were in favor of the principle, a large proportion were against, and the first differed on the method. The district meetings were also at variance on the question. The Bible Christians generally were in favor of amalgamation, but the Primitive Methodists were not pre pared for anything like the basis before the Conference. They acknowledged that after union took place they would seek to alter the constitution in the direction of Primitive Methodism. There were diffi culties in the matter of the ministers to be employed, while the trust debts would be increased 10 or 15 per cent., and they could not bear it. While for these reasons he would vote against amalgamation, he felt the need of union of spirit, which the federal council would secure. Organic union must be a matter of growth, and not a mere arrangement. The Eev. J. Spence (President of the New South Wales Conference) seconded. The resolutions passed in the New South Wales Conference indicated a change of feeling on the part of the members of that Conference. Now they had become clothed and in their right mind, and he had no doubt that by this time next year the friends of immediate union in New South Wales would be simply nowhere. Personally he did not think the Church was ready for union anywhere. They had not the spirit for one thing, and they had not the money for another thing. He waB amazed that they should think of embarking in an enterprise like this while the Churches were paralysed in many directions financially. Union was being advocated, so it was said, for the Divine glory. But would it be for the Divine glory to gather a number of dis cordant elements and call them a united Church? Would it be for the Divine glory to press some of their best and wisest ministers into premature retirement be cause there would be no places for them ? Would it be for the Divine glory to increase the debts of the Church ? The history of their own Church clearly indicated that the Divine glory was not associated with organic bonds. Mr. Fitchett said everything jvas so successful and prosperous in Canada. Even if that be so it would not be an infallible guide to them in Australia in this matter. He had seen Ireland and Canada before and after the union of the Methodist churches in those countries, but he had failed to see in either country all the halo of glory which some of his friends saw. Had not the United States of America fourteep distinct Methodist denominations ? Why had not the United States, so near to Canada, fol lowed the Canadian example if it were so good? England had seven distinct Methodist organisations, and. why had she not followed the example of Ireland? What then became of all these visions of the glory of unity ? If union were so pro nounced a success in these countries, why had not the other countries adjacent been influenced in the same direction ? This General Conference should settle the matter by saying that the Methodist Church was not prepared under present conditions for union. At the request of the Eev, John Wats ford, the Secretary read the resolutions of the intercolonial Conference- of the Primi tive Methodist Church. In reply to Mr. Mitchell, the Eev. W. H. fitchett said that if his resolution were carried, the intention was that the Church in any colony where union waB effected should be known as the Wesleyan Methodist Church. The name could not be changed until the union became general. Mr. E. H. Ducker questioned the worth of the report, whioh stated that 54 of the New South Wales ' quarterly meetings had voted for union. They merely said ' Yes ' in a friendly way to a general question a J§ it was wrong to construe this into an affi mation in favour of union. The quart meetings did not represent the views ofty!! members and adherents of the Chute]® The desire for union was much less strojil than it was thirteen years ago. The con®! dition of their funds would cause them 'fl| hesitate in this matter. They appeared tai be entering, in a somewhat vivaci0 Jl spirit, upon a most momentous question®! and he was afraid that wreck and disru fH tion would ensue. He could not regard thffl movement as a God-honoring one. |f§ The Eev. W. A. Quick said that from th 11 way Mr. Ducker spoke he must have mill conceived the matter. It was not propoSeJjj immediately to unite the various bodie-® The legislation proposed would be of a p e J§ missive character, and if the opportunitlll came, union might be effected in any pat|| ticular Conference. It was no more utll methodistic, as some had suggested Jf| accept the basis before them, than it Jl for that General Conference to assemble® The great agitation of 1849 might harM been avoided if there had been conciliation® shown in some unjmportant matters, lit supported the motion, believing that eve® from a financial aspect a safe and lastinS union might be effected. ]gp The Eev. Geo. Martin had no objectiojll to union taking place in New Zealand Jm South Australia, if the time had come, kill in New south Wales they were not ripe fclH it. In that colony it was with the Primitivjfl MethodistB they would have the most to dol® and while the ministers of that body wen willing to unite, the people were not. Theij own people also did not want it, and t force it would cause serious disruptions The legal arid financial difficulties were in superable. To enlarge the Churoh in tli way proposed might minister to their k of numbers, but big churches had in tli past developed a spirit of ecclesiastical that was very, objectionable, and stood i: the way of Christ's work. The Eev. J. J. Lewis said that he aci and others had undertaken a journey t 10,000 miles at great cost to be press but if the result of their meeting shouldi the consummation of Methodist union, would justify three times the outlay. ft recent Conferences at Grindelwald aci Lucerne had pointed to a tendency tow the re-union of Christendom. If unio: took place it should begin with thus churches that were nearest, akin. Tli feeling in New Zealand, both among ministers and laymen, was strongly in favour of union. Forty-six cirouits had voted in favour of it, and the Conforents by 58 votes to 6 had resolved in tbe same direction. Some one had asKed what then was to prevent secession. He replied that there was the fact that they .were near thfl end of the nineteenth century. Any secession after union would not find public support. Concessions had been made m the proposed basis to meet the views of the other Churches, and the title would only remain till the full consummation, when it would become ' The Methodist Church o! Australasia ' It had been said that laige churches became despotic. That was be' cause the democratic element was cot' spiouous by its absence in the constitution of these Churches, and they were governed by a heirarchy. The proposed new ChnrA however, would be a Church of the peopl'i and they would be attracted to it. If had not been a good deal of publio clanio' for union it was just as well. He preferred sound convictions, and a calm view of the matter. As to, their trust properties h® found that those that were embarranse were exceptions ; and with regard to South Wales, where this difficulty had been emphasised, the depression might he 10 garded as only temporary. Methodis® should be comprehensive enough w work to find spheres for men of all 8' They had a mission to all classes, nod the objeotion on the score of the men ? admitted might be disposed of, The um' ^ Church- would exert a far greater inflnenC ? Continued, on gage 10. 9 H 3 F. Jacobs, Esq., of Chicago, during |1L recent Sunday-school convention in St. Smfonisi WflR 'n chair. Some young Komen and men got up and went out. He Hrosennd sfl^ ' ' ''' nPtice that a number of lllittle boys have wearied of the service, and S«re being taken out by their mothers. I lljjope that the ladies will pass out as gj „ie{]y ns possible.' There was 110 more ||Lssing out. W ijff0 women were watching the late Dr. llwbately oue (l!iy Plo-ying with his New gifonndlflnd dog on Stephen's Green. Dublin. Hilary, do you ^now who that is playin' fed the dog ? ' ' Troth, I don't Biddy ; but IIL'b fi fine looking man, whoever he is.' That's the Archbishop, Mary.' ' Do you Hlall me so ? God bless the innocent Hcroytbur ! Isn't he aisily amused ? ' ' He's pliot our Archbishop _ at all, Mary ; he's ||be Protestant Archbishop.' ' Oh, the ould 