THE DESPISED CHINAMAN. E. SI. B. ix " Out axd Home." Poor J oh u ! I am afraid he has few friends outside of his own Celestial Em pire. He is hated in. Japan; the Tanks try to exclude hiui ; he is not wanted in Australia; at Hong; Kong tbe Europeans declare he is taking the business out of their hands." Those who cau turn him to account, have no objection to make dollars out of him. The steamship com panies gladly take him across the pacific to the lands whither he goes to seek his fortunes. Contractors avail themselves of his cheap labor. And when in his de clining years his heart is set on returning home, that his poor mortal frame, when done with by him, may be put to rest in his flowery land, the steamship com panies carry him hack, and charge him extra if he dies on the way. Over he goes to feed the sharks the moment life is extinct, unless bis own estate or his com panions on board can provide the extra charge. Commercial companies don't embahn John Chinaman for nothing. John is a superstitious being, and enter tains great dread of ghosts. He tries to appease the spirits of departed ancestors ! by offering clothes and food. He will set a table for them to eat at, with chop sticks and wine-cups and cooked meats, and burn incense to the invisible guests. The clothes are made of paper, and are burnt in the fire, and not a doubt eaters the head of John hut that they prove of real use to the departed. It is true the garments offered are not full-sized ; hut then the ghosts, in John's opinion, do not measure as much as the bodies they used to inhabit, and so he tries to fit them with smaller-sized clothing. He sends them remittances of cash, too ; for which purpose he hums a kind of mock money with the clothes. I should re commend hiin, if this meets his eye, to draw a cheque on his bank and burn tbat, wbicb would be tbe simplest way of sending money to dead relatives with out loss to himself. Sometimes he lots off crackers to frighten the ghosts away. Bang ! bang 1 bang' I have heard them go, on the top of a haunted hill; and no doubt the ghosts were effectualfy seared out of their nuts. With all his eccentricities I have grudge against John. None whatever. He hates foreigners, to be sure. But ho can't help it. It's his nature to. He is quiet and unobtrusive, a hard- working, painstaking fellow. Has he not blacked my hoots to my perfect satisfaction, and cooked my dinner to a nicety, and washed my clothes in a creditable manner r Why should I bear him ill-will r On the contrary, JohD has the benefit of my very best fraternal wishes. Hate liim 'i No, I love him—love him well when he is near to me, and better still when he is far away. With all his faults—and they are many—I sympathise with him in his present troubles. Not that the world, perhaps, would he much the loser if his mighty and ill- governed Empire were blotted out of the list of nations. But his civilisation, such as it is, dates from so remote a time, his ancient literature is so interesting, his art, or some of it, is SO beautiful, that oue cannot contemplate a general collapse without a pang. Two years ago a learned German professor in Hong Kong, who has given most -of his life to the study of thiugs Chinese, pre dicted to me that the time was not far distant when the pigtailed race would rule the world. To-day there are those who declare that the whole Chinese Empire is tottering to its foundation. Which of these two views is the more correct r Time will show. 