on'v.ie corner. Uowe-Sposg Company opened to good business in Newcastle. 1 George Darrel opened in Brisbane oa Thurs day (Queen's Birthdey) night. A Charters Towers (Q.) paper says George WaH-jB is an livelv as a btL' of fleas. The death is announcer] io America of Miss M»y Brooklyn {Mis. Walter !isnl!«y.'- For their American tour Meiba and Jean do Eestio get £i0l)and £-1¥i per night respsctively. Jim Ksnnpdy «nd O!ly Deerine sto battling ulong over io New Zealand. They mure in Uucediu at latest. Tho first funeral prooeBtion on Wyaloug pold field vrae headed by Perry's circui, band, playing iba' Dead Murch in Saul.' A Paris ba!lf t dancer recently died, leaving a for(UB«of £100,000, uid to have been earned in the business. Her ofe ii Dot gives. Huro Gorlta, 'Mr.' Amy Sherwin, has Iranelited ' The Secorjd Mrs. Tanqaerby ' for Siguora Duse, ihe Italian Bsrnhardu Ted Stacey, of Stacoy's 'Han? Ihe Eoatmon ' iame, is mniiiiig a show at Zeehan (la«.). A recent production wan ' Man against ^lua.' Oecrga Kigacld ia stid to have (afcen over £400 «t Her MajeEty'e on Quten'j Birthday. At least six hundred jitople were, turned away. A botitr ' variety ' item thai that afforded by Professor Gurcey in his changing iiriialion of birds eiDtrtsg if would be very hard to £id tcy whtre. 'Vet, so verj- littla alive are our entre preneurs to a good thing-, that G unity instead of delighting the ear of Australia, is spreading dyspepsia through this sunny laud by acting as a Horatio ! The. Rev. Jl. liicktrds ought f 0 Bse 10' this matter at once. Wallace Brownlow, Rvlpt's Fuccpssor, makes his first appearance in '.Ma Mw lluette,' at Melbourne rriuoeae, as soua u* BUtid Holi's feascin is over. The Fiteeersld Brothete have bai an offer from Wybert Keeve 10 t.iite their Uucephaleon »how to Adelaide Theatre Itoyal after they u'cish at tee Alexandra, Melbourne'. Nest Tpeeday night Mias Clara StephenEon Uke* a benefit at due Lyceum Hall, Cmpbeil etreot, when she will appear as Lady Isabel in th»t i:ood old weeper, ' Kant Lynne.' Slade Murray wires tbat ha opened at the Gaiety Theatre, J3rijl,ane, onUueen'aBirlhriigbt to * packed house. Hundreds were turned away, and the jjerfoTmanct- was a great success. An ex-m-?raber of the I'aylor-Carrinffton Com pany on getting an (cgageuicnt at 0 aydnov thcarre remarked, 'Fur Ihree yearfl I've beoii billed ae a melrcnplilin artiel, AI last 1 om In all fdrneu it must be said that the ' Syd ney Morning Herald's ' criticismaof Uroughand Boucicauh'a recent productiona at (he Lyceum were first-claep work. Especially ho id the cade of tbe ?' Lstly Windermere'a l'un ' notice. According; Io the ' Herald ' and ' Telegraph ' lislB of vitiiort to the Uirtbday levee atGuv'meBt 'Oum, there were present Mr. Hilly Akartrmn and Mr. J. C. Leete of tbo Tiroli, ' Somebody has bt:ca having a loa-n of the A- G. Cong, A leading American manager flays : ' I esti mate th»t 4uO,U00 persons have aeon ' Charley's Aunt1 at the Standard Theatre. Allowing each a lauirh every thrte months within the last eight months Iho piece has ttbaken over twenty million laugbs out ol the Neir York people.' Medaine Belle-Colc't English concert com pany concluded their present Sydney seaeon lant night, in the Town Hall. The programme was of tbe popular variety, and encorea were many and vociieroup. Tbe company leaves with the beat wiBhes of the concert- going public. Tbe next stopping place is Brisbane. There are wheels within wheels, but thoro are no wheels within wheel n at the Harlinghurat Skating Kink. Everything here is above board and open daily at a reauonable charge for ad mieBiou und use of skates. There are morning, afternoon and evening sessions, and on Thursday uipht.&ezt; there will cb a special ladiea' night. Sydney Theatre Hoyal w«b re-opened for three nigbia during the- wert, commencing on Queen's birlbday. Harry Gribben and a cumpany con eiatirig of. Frank Catcs, Misses Audlcy Kingdou, Lily Clitherow, Kclla Lyons, Mrs. Beaumont and othere played ' As Large as Life ' on Thurs I day and Friday, and ' Saved ' on Saturday night. Of the great battle scene in 'A Life of 'Plea- sure,' Melbourne 'Age' says:— 'One teels tbat a fitting pendant to this act would bo tho presentation of a Victoria Cross to Bland Holt for his military and managerial valor,' The pjayvne received with enthusiasm by an audience which crowded every part of the Princess Theatre, In Uland Holt's new sporting drama, 'The Prodigal Daughter,' there ii 11 virtuous stable boy who, Bfter accepting £500 to ' nobble ' the favorite, is induced to forego the tempting bribe by as appeal 10 his conscience, though another and lets scrupulous boy ie aooa found to tak« bts place. How many £500-proof etsble-bcys are there in Australia f A theatrical mtnager in Englacd was lately fined tor leaving his company stranded in an out lying town. Actors would bo looking after their welfare wero they to try to get a law paeeed simi lar to oce which la in force in Ilueeia. In the country sf the Czitr co manager is allowed to Ink1* a company gu tout before he hai deposited with the Uovernment sufficient 10 p»y tte fares of toe professionale back to their bomee should the venture prove a failure. The Chicago ' Lodger ' offered lOCOdol in gold te a prize for the best comedy in occ act, to be sent to its editor b.fore Mey 1,' 1^94. Tit tot itigne vtre liitt the, weedy mutt lit Domestic, muet not require moro than half an hour in play tog, and must bo limited to four persons. The right to eii perform»ace» af one of the leading New Yotk or Chic&iro; theatres was reserved by the caper, after which the play would revert to ?not! oecomo the property of tbe author. The Fitzgerald Brothers, Dan and Tom, have up-ended (heir circus and menagerie in the Alexandra Theatre. Melbourne, under the style and title of 'The Bucephaleon.' The show opens with a graphic description of the uiftn «Keri» by Captain Happy Jack Sulton. Then follow various items of circus work, the enter tainment concluding with ' A Harvest Home.' Herr Von der Mehdon still conducts the bund and rents Ihe atmosphere in twain with wonder ful blaeuj upon that cornet of his. A description of Oscar Wildo from ft London paper : 1'here liave appeared in priut uiauy des mpliun* of Oscar.bul it should bo remeuibeTod that, like tbocbamelron, he changes almost every hour. Wilde, of March, IS94, wears u Scotch grttv cofit tbat reaches to bis knocs. On the, littl'e finger of hie left hand are four ring», eitendiDg to the nail. Oa his nrm is a fold chain bracelet with a heart-shaped lockot. His flpfvi'j are lartce; so are hia linkud cuffs. II is face is Bteutish ' it lookn healthy, but not raddv. Alter the fashion of Cleopatra, he lounges. He islhirty-uveyeursold. New Vart ' Drauia^ii Micror ' has a column hsaded, ' Under the Dl.ck Flag.' Here is an outspoken extract : ' Texaa is smarming with piratB coropaaioi. The Preston and White Comedy company is one of these dishonest bands. TbByareplaying 'Oaprica' ani 'My Pnrtaer,' the 'latter play under tbe title of ? In Honor Hound.' Th.8 uiauagars of the theatres in Voacumand'flatonia permitted these thioves to play their bouses tbe first week o! the present month. A woman calliu? herself WnlUa BUiu plsyi the principal parU. She and her com paninnE Rive 'Toiten' petforiuatices. jvnd 'The Mirror ' ie pleuod 10 my that their haeiuess has been of the same order.' The '? L.V. Mirror' (London) criiic writes:— 'Nat long since, 'heu Fr--d Leslie wnsalireand at the beierht of bis succeas, we uotcd tbe prepon derance of men theatres in London; tbat is, theatres where the actor was the principal attrac tion. Things bavf changed a bit since then, and now without doubt the majority of our best theatres depend ou tbe talent ot the Isadinc actreis. For instancy there i« Mrs. Patrick Campbell, at the St. James' ; Mias Olga Nether sole, at tho Court: Miss Winnifred Emery, at the Comedy; Mil* Ad» llehna, to bs followed by Sisntra Iluse. ol Ualy's : Miss Letty Lind, at Ine Traialear, and Mifs May V.ihe, «.t the Lyric. Just at present the star actor is cut of it, and look* like- eo rsmaininir.' The genllfmao who 'do5f' the musical criticism for the Wansanui (N'.Z.l 'Carooicia' let himself r^oeD the occasion of UeitsiB Doyle's visit 10 th» town. Sample of his Rush :— 'The all-loo-bricf season of the gifted orlitre who may be said to have stirred the whole musical com rourilty to itB vprv centre, cams to a, coaulnEiou last ni^ht before ft crowded and demonstrative audience. It u-a« .it once clear that the whole of the cojinoscenii, and the majority of (honfl whi rfpreiflnt in Wanfranfii the hijhest urtiK ciferous force !o n muuical erect whicb rftncot fail to linger iu tbe raetTiorr, aud iw ioQuence be lone f^lt after thes' linen are forgotten.' He aldO writ's of h;r ' meteoric transit ' (hruugh Wangauui. Dr. Hans voc Tlulow Fummedup his musical belief in tho following creJo :— '? 1 belieie in Ilaeh tbe Father, lieethoven the Bon, and fcrahms the Holy Ghost.' Von Dolow plactd the portrait of tbe premiere ballerina at the Im Vcriul Opera House, Vieann, in the place of honor in the artists' room during a series of con certs. A friend remarked, ' 1 did not know that you were such an admirer of the ballet.' ?' Oh, ves,'1 replied Von Bulou1 ' I hove the greatest 'regard for Mdlle ? . She K the only artist at the opera who is Devc- out of time. ' On one oc&sion;, when the chorus girls were particularly tslfcalirr, he rebuked fiiem thus: 'Ladies, re ruember that you are not called upon to save Rome.' A subscription was being rnisea to present 'a venerable, but not venerated,' musi cian with a testimonial. Von Mow woe asked to sutEcribe, and consented on the condition that hit name should huad thn list. The terms were effusively grsn'ed1, and Von Bulow pnt hie name down for eispeu^e: yet to pupils and anpirins i-tudents ho was^eneroEily itself. 