PROVING HIS THEORIES ' Bv PonsniiH. Wanted— Yelcti must havo good rofor- cnoco. Apply A. D. Goodman, Elcg'e tload, CJumssb. . Suoh was tho: advertisement whioh op. poarod in aororal of tho London dallies. At 10 o'clook tho samo memisg, a short, lotos-tot man, wttn an oxuemeiy roa noao .bowing that ho had boon a high livor iu tbo sorvonto hall,' knookod at tho door- of. tha hoeso on King's Re d. A neatly- attired aorvant girJj with' a mnolln oap perched on her pretty foatorea, appeared un tho threshold, V. " . " la Mr Goodman In ?" askod tho oaller. "He is,',' responded tho girl, with aovoral torillcal glaboes at the man who atood batora ber. . . . . . ' I ehontd Uko to ete him on business/'. . "Stop In.". The visitor was ushorad into a bright front room. : What namo shaU I say ?" Mr Binllor;" Tho girl 'disappeared. Then tho man began ;to; examine the .apartment in a teieurolv' mannor. Sovtral handsome paintings , and quite a collection of rato orio-a-brae . bore ample testimony to the artlatlo propoacitloo of the maetor of. the aooae.' . ' ' "Borne swell, evidently," mnrmnred' tbo man with the red fooe. The girl reappeared. . "Maatar waota to know wbat'a your bnalneBBo" " l dallod in roforenoe to an advartise. ment for a valol." "Oni" Sieteasad horhood and again vanlshad. Abont five minutes olapsee and then tbo girl eatoreu tha room. " Yon can wet there, "she said. "Msalor isn't op yet," -- ' For forty mlnntce tbo vialtor wai left to bis rtfleollone. "Musi bo asms blooming aport,"; ho oommontod. Then tbo door cpiuod ana a tall, pale gentlamaa entorod tbo room In a languid fashion, ploked ap tho morning paper and iiraluufy icannod the oomenia, ao enough oDlIvtoos to tbo proaenoo ol to, visitor. Ha read tba telegraphic nowa ana than tbo local , Too eetvant brought la a tray upon whioh ropoeod brcaUtsi,baoob, eggi, a cup of ooflco and rolio.. Tee ggntlaman pot op his noao and asid— " Jano, take awqy tbose dtoeea Laeve iho cofloo," Tba aorvant silently obeyed. " H<s appetlto isn't good to-day,1' oom montod tho caller. Too geatls&i; an sipped tbo coffos with apparent rolisb, read agalu tbe cable arucl, from Paris sad finally I'gbtod a tigtr. AU this time tbo vtniior romsincd standing rsspeotfolly. At laat bo ventured to oougb,. sod Us gontltmau, taming to him, remarked— "Aw— you called abont tbo advortifr. tnentf "Yar, sir." ' Whore aro yonr referanses?'' " Hon, alr,f and ha took from bis pookot a bulky packago, . " Wall, I don's care to eeo them." "I served last the duke of—" " What tho iovil do I care whom yon sorved? Will yoa acoopt a guinea a weak md aiponsoa f ' "You, air." " Vury well, wo leave to-night for PaHe. 8oo that nrerytbing is ready.'1 ' With that tho gentleman took op hie bat aad cans end strolled oot of tbohenao in a leisurely, half.bjrcd way. "Ho to a mm nn," commented tbo visitor. Two days later tbs gentleman and his corvanta were quarlsrod in Paris. The former has routed a magnificently far- nfshed hones la a fosblonabls part of lbs olty. Try as ho would, Smilsr oonld lesm lltde of his now masn<r. Ho cama and woot. ja« ucoiuiy arrtvod homo about 2 In tha morning and eomottmea Smlltr had to put him to bod. Ho got np anywhere botwocn 10 o'olook and noon. Bomotlmoa he breakfasted heartily ; at other times ho merely sipped hta ooffoo. 8mller was oommlscionsd to boy tickets for e'vory fishlonoblo ovonf, from tho opera to tb6 raoee, and be always oamo and dopartod la a privato qariiigo, quite aa ologant aqulpaio About tblo time the Parisian nowepepors wore cgitating ths matter of tho romarkablo testa to spfrltnsllam. given before the eminent gentlemen by a xicas. ant woman in "Mlltn. The peycholbgiS.l sooloty, was in esssion In tho Frenoh oapii tat indtbo common tion tho foaterior- formed in Italy wore m'sdo more Intcrrat- '58 „b? ,h®. ,ProE?noc of a .renowned English mind-reader. This 1 gentleman chowod groat aptitodo In ferreting ont criminals, andhis aoouraoy Inthls respeot mads him feared by ths wrong doom. Mr Smllor read of these wonders, J>nt being of a soepuoal. disposition pooh- hoobsd thsm. Oao morning when tho gnntlnmin was sipping Ibis ooffoo, into whioh he bad pl'Cbd." drops of cognao,:he looked np from his paper and naid to Bmller— "Maikham, the mind 'reader, has rah down another orimtosl, Smilsr. Whaldo you think of that . f". "If I might venture an opinion, dr. I ohonld say that it was all- bosb," : " AU bosb, oh ?. May I ask why f " ' Wqli/sir, it otands, to reason, sir, that oo mtni can read what Is going on in an- other man's mind. It- in against nature and what's .against nsturo oan't bo done! ri'. Wei lo/Blr, that tbla maD,.thlB fund, I Ul call bio, elr, i a in collision wlth theoo fellows ' and pays 'oni; ' That's my Impression, sin : Busiest thing to hum bug tbsso Frenoh savants, air. 'A criminal, sir, oan't be detcotcd cxcopt by dsfec- tjvmb and thoy make an awfol botoh of "8o yon don't bollovo 'in it ?" The gentleman wan now drinking his sooond oop of oolloo. . . ' " That I don't, dr." : : .. ."Woll, now, euppodo that I give you a littlopraoticai domonslration." . Bmilcr Btrrtod, . "Yon, sir?" "Ye lVostcdled-Aliltlo in that Ifnt as an amataor. Sa'ppoM,for.«tn)plo 1 woro to road yoar mind. Smllor?" "You oooldo'i do lt,«Ir.B fihODld HftO WrtTf ' nrawm' m . i. VTl — iWUHU, honest follow, who always served his matter's Interests. . Bodlor gave a doprooating gestore. : . 11 f T i u' ®10 no tnlnd reader to tell that, air." r : . .' ,, 7,0B'da'f f lake a mind reader to toll, Bmilor, what yon've got in yonr pookotbopki"' , r Bmilcr. tnrnod pale. ... " A1.an amateur, Bmilor, mind I don'l Sretund to bo aeonrate i l ehoold aay that' ! anyone aboold look in thatpooketbook bo wonld find my ruby oosrf-pln and mv cmoreld and diamond ring." . . ' ' Bmilor nearly wont into a flL : vOf oounjo I havo bo many rings and pine that nnlcoo I wean m&d-roodor; I wonld novor have mlcuod thooo. And, lot mo. coo, Bmilor, In your trank you have tbrcopairaof my trouEora. Thoaowouh- not bo oaslly miccod, cithor. Also abou< fifty nooklica and collors and caff a in- nnmcrablo;" . . . By tbla time Bmilor was as pale aa a ghost '. . , "„I 1 were to road your mind a llltlt fsrthor aa on amatsur I wonld toll yos that on the 20th day of Bentombor yon wont to a pawnshop on tho Quo di Blvrl and tbero disposed of two seal rings an- a waton, for which yon reoolvcd fiOO frotcj _Tboy ohoatod ytn, Bmilcr. Yoi sboold havo got donblo that, emonnt. From thoro yon wont (a a bank, like th thrifty, bonsat, frugal follow that yon orb and opened ap an account. OS theSfir.-' of Boptoinbor with oommandtblb induttrs - yoa addod to your liltlu hordo by dlopoa- lag qf my gold-monutod atiok. tho cm prosontod mo by tbo Boron HothcohiP. You oarofuHy obliterated the names, 1 commond youroantlon. Four days oftor- w«d yon cold, or rather pawnod, sundry aitlolos In four different places which I i »e.i lint to ?BBoer(itof: . m «U ' .on have 1,500 fratjeo in the bank end 20 frauds In yonr poukotbook. togotboc with ifbor articles of mluo whioh you woro i bout to got rid of thio. morning, .Yoo, 'Uvo boon qaito thrifty,. and'iosido of a oonth it wee yonr intention to draw ont ,onr. monoy. and dmlgrato to -America, vhoro you' are' dosiroas; of octtlng .np in trado,' TSis'hta boon your dream, Bmilor, .ho llfoof a prosporoue and hohoot trades, nan. Am I rignt,Bmtier? If I have -aado any mistake attribute it to the fao , diet I am but an amatour." . . \- Bnt Bmilor nao epoooblcoa. : " To dontinns, or rather ,tb go haok Into tho past, I read that you fobbod all year maatero bolero mo, only thoy were not mind readers in an amatour way and; at. .ribatod the loss of ilifforSht. things to aalaral :ebrlhkrgo. .When you , first on- terod my aportmsnta in Klug'a Boad your thoughts were regarding my worldly poa- aenlons.' 'Yon'.eaw 'mnoh that made you sure I Was a man of means. - After I en tered the room I was tasmihkly.'busy reading the newspaper. Beally,' Sailor, 1 wan reeding yon.- I did not want to ass yonr rsfcrenaos; Thoy wsro onpoifliions. The man himeoif stood before' mo. - Thoro eras tho reforonco. I determined to' thake a little atsdy of yon. Yon intorestod me atdnco, for X rooogaieod In yoa a thief of many years' training, a thief whit bad pil fered for all bialifti' and nevor boon do, tooted. ' . Here, I thonght, ia a onbjeot worthy of 'my attention, bore is. a 'oaae which will edify and amnse mo, ' 8o I took yon to my.< bosom, Bmller, and employed yon oh tha spot. As iyou - stood- tnero waiting for mo to address y on the tbo'oghte that Bashed thftngh yonr: mind . were: ' I con,: easily get away with one of thoio Drasdon- wtro voses. He has i> many ot thorn that hvwill novor mlee 1L Thon ha moot ha a cuolasa sort of a swell, ooa of those spsadtbrilta. He will coma borne thebriaied every night. It a pin, a ring, a watoh or aomo other arttolo dissppoara ho will think he lost it oomowhors tho olght bofoio. Here's a owoll that psys no etitntion to hioporeonal. effceta. All ho thinks of 'is ' having a jjUy good time/ AmlrtghLBmilerV Bnt Bmilcr novor rolepsod from hlacol. lopssd condition. . ' . V Yon began to pUfor whonjyou par- abased the ttokels to Franoo. . Ton made ton obUUogs on the Uok6t«. Yoa pnt aside for yonreolf flro ohiUings from the parobaees from the bookmaker. Do not deny it, for it is written indolibly on yonr mind. I took to yon tight away. 'Here is apreeiona raeoa,' 1 thought. 'Horo'e a.aorvont worth having. Too will remem ber that 1 commondod yon for yonrfaltn. fainter. And now, Bmller, do you ballots in mind.rsadiog? By tbo way, wboio'a.0 tboco pawn tiokoto, and kindly hand mo yonr bank-book." . Bmilor obsy ed withont a word, "And now it wouldn't tako a mind- reador to toll what is going to happen." . Tno languid gentleman wont to lbs door and nahorod intao officers. Bmilcr foil opon nis knees. "Moicy, moroy,"hooald. "Yon torroooralo abl havo said," re marked tho gentleman, with mild Interest. "Yus, yes, I ocaftso. Don't pnt mo in goof" ' " I em sorry, Bmilor, bat Ibave fialohsd with my subject. I will now tarn him over to tho law. Offlcoro, do your duty." " Vory woll, Mr llarkbom," repllod una of tho qffioara. "Markhtm?" groaned Bmller. " The some," replied ths languid gentle man. . "Tho great Eogllsh mtod-roador?" " I am ho. I'advortiasd not for a valo', bnt for a anbjeot. I wanted to prove some of my thoories to tho sosloly of savants hue. Yon have proved a very good subject. I (ball writo out tho results of my invostlgsllons to-night, and then if yon care to havo tho law deal -loniontly niOli mren wim M.IUIw. la . T 110 aa naaaa /Vtop (jU l»« A WJII HUH road tho papor boforo tba eooioty. My onemles will have to oonoode that my work Is incomparable. By the way, Smilsr, have Ioonvoitod yon to a bolief in mind-reading f" ' "Yon have, Sir, 't groaned Soilor, ." And now, oifioors, take film away, asl have a little work-to no." . With that tba languid gonlloman (nrncd and emerod his oiudy. - Bmii.r Otraigbiened.bimsclf up dismally . ; " Wollj l'm b.owod," ba ooid. i ' 