A DEAD MAN'S STEP, A Detactive Story, CJSAPTER XLV.—(CONTINUED). BY LA.WHENCE L. LYNCH. Doctor Ware &:id Bruce Deering continued their conversation after the Frenchwoman had passed on. " Sarita," said Bruce, " Beonie to take a very keen interest in anything pertaining to Brook. On the whole, I cannot blame her. Brook was her nearest interest; fhe brought him over the ocean, a babe in arms; and he muBt have a very warm place in her tactions—and she has been very good to hun, very faithful to her charge, and to the family interests. Of her own choice I do not think she would ever leave Beechwood." " All the same/' said Ware, " she looks with very ill favour upon you." " As to that," smiled Bruce, " she is quite capable of thinking that i am neglecting Brook, and of resenting it. Doctor, I fear yon do not like Sarita." " IJ Oh, we are only now becoming acquainted. At present—since a week ago, in fact—she has been my patient," and here for the moment the subject was dropped. After this interview a very good understanding seemed to exist between Bruce Daering and Doctor Ware, and they were often together in the library, or about the ample grounds; sometimes driving, or strolling here and there round about Beechwood, They were not strictly confidential. Deering's pride and reserve were inborn, and the doctor was held back by his understanding with Murtagh; but they were frankiy cordial, they trusted each other, and the way was open, when the need should come, for mutual candonr and help. Meantime the summer days were passing, and the time for the Matchin trial vas coming near. John Bedding and his partner were prepared, with every weapon at their command, to defend the accused, and Mi Ingram had promised to be at hand at the proper time, to add his legal strength to theirs. And meant much, as all knew who had heard the eloquent, persuasive and keen old lawyer, or watched his progress, and multiplication of legal laurels, through a career of twenty years, or who had heard John Bedding's ringing and magnetic periods in the courts, where, in three short years, he had easily gained a foremost place. It had come to be generally believed by the rational part of Pomfret, that the case ef the people against Bruce Deering, for the murder of Joe Matchin, would end in acquittal, or, at the worst, go by default; for, beyond the facte of his presence at the side of the murdered man, a few moments in advance of the others, and the blood stains upon his linen, there was nothing to bring in the way of proof. And while the blood stains seemed serious circumstantial witnesses, still in the utter absence of motive, and in consideration of the young man's high standing, and hitherto blameless character, these alone would hardly be sufficient to make out a case for the prosecution. At first it had seemed, indeed, that popular opinion, than which nothing is less to be relied upon, had set in full tide against the accused. But the death of Lysander Deering had brought about a sudden change in public sentiment. For the dead man there had been strong liking and universal respect, and the sympathy for his family, and sorrow-over his loss, was sincere and almost unanimous. And when it became known'that Lysander Deering's faith in his nephew was perfect; and that he had been ready to stand by him, and defend him, with all his heart, and with open purse, the fact had its weight 5 and those who deplored the loss of so good a man, who had believed in him, and in his unerring judgment, for years, felt very lenient towards the nephew, who had been to him like an own son. And the talk about a quarrel, and the flight of Rose Matchin, which had its beginning in the mouths of a few of the loafers and saloon loungers, seemed to have died away. Nevertheless, Sheriff Carton and the prosecuting attorney—who had been opposed and thwarted in certain politual aspirations, a few years previous, by Lysander Deering, and Mr Baird, and John Bedding—were both full of dark sayings, or ominous silences when the name of Bruce Deering was mentioned in their hearing. They were often together in council, and the sheriff had been heard to say, with significant nods, in pantomime of eye and finger, that the defence would find " more than they were looking for," and that he " had not been following such a 'blind lead,' as they seemed to think/' As to the actual state of affairs, these were known only to a few who had gathered in Mrs Deering's parlour on the night of the reading of Mr Deering's requests concerning the will. The last words of Joe Matchin—that seemed to point, with terrible clearness, an {accusation against Bruce Deerings— these few men, with mutual consent, and in the firm belief that they were aiding rather than hindering the cause of justice, had determined to withhold as th«ir own secret. Heard only by the two young lawyers, who could not, be expected to figure as both attorneys and witnesses 3 and by Bruce, who could not be required to testify against himself; and only retold, and that by Bruce and himself, to Messrs Baird and Arden, this secret they felt sure would remain each. As.for the half-square of linen, with the two implicating initials upon it, that reposed in a secret place known only to Murtagh, and to be used at his discretion > which was sure to manifest itself upon the safe and right side. There still remained the blood-stained hatchet, and the fact of the stolen money; and, after mature reflection, Bedding had agreed with Mr Baird, that these used in evidence would tell for, rather than against Deering, who could h«ve no motive for robbing a bank in which he was personally interested, and who stood in no nesd of money. And last, there was the amethyst button, and—Jonas Wiggins. The knowledge of the button rested between the two Wiggins, Bruce and Brenda Deering, and Murtagh, and Tom Wells. As for Jonas himself—the thought of Jonas and the button had been troub ling the mind of the detective for some time, and the arrival of Rasa, the new maid, upon the iscene of inaction, served in some occult way to stimulate his interest and anxiety in the subject. Bosa Brenner, so tike n«*w maid announced herself, was a brisk said businesslike seeming personage, somewhat past her youth, and with a face that, while not so good-looking as to render her an object of jealousy among her kind, was yet comely. Her manners were quiet, and eo very frank, and evidently goo a-Jijimoured, that she became at once popular below- -stairs. She was ready te exchange a bright word with, or do some brisk kindly act, for any everyone, and yet she was neither obtrusive nor too talkative. In thies days she was on amiable terms with the entire household ; an£, at the end of a week, she had established an especially social footing between hsrssli and Jniith, guito, and Mn Kwtosi m to WUJIw9, . .. - thai Btfcid bachslor wasifairiy taken off his There were two things, Bimpls but saim- »hst r?mw Sarita snd R j=a togcth*r— me vaB en jroidsry, she ott<u Fre^jh. B sa cjulrf embracer like a vary daughter L.f Borano, and Sarita loved dainty embroiderers. And Bosa, who was supposed to b* embarking upon she career ef lady's maid, aspired to bs a " French maid, 1 ' if sbe could oniy " acquits a liille French of the vry, very b«st accent, such as yours, Mai&uie; Sarita/' and so the French aid the embroidery began simultaneously; Boas fiuiing ample time, mtanwhile, to study the ait of the coifguse wiih Jadith, whose fingers were nolabiy deft in this important f «.a.uie oi a laiy'a maid's acquirements. When Bosi had betn about a week ai B seel wood, Uacle Holly announced ont morning that he had been invited by Sir Baird to pay with him a visit to his fine stock farm ; snd, in proof of this, Mr Baird hinuelf appeared soon, driving Lady Jane, and carried " Uncle Holly" away beaming with satisfaction. Leaa than an hoar after, Bract and Doctor Ware, trotting easily along upon Max and Diana, met the pur upon the south turnpike half a mile out of town, and hsadtd toward " Greenlands." But, in spite ef this tact, before high noon "Mr Baird's new man," John BOBS, Esq., might have been sssn loitering about tfce rear door of the carriage house, where, as upon a former occasion, he eoou admitted a visitor in the shape of Tom Wells. CHAPTEB XLVI. A SLEEP-WALKER.: When Wells and the qsondam John Boss had exchanged greetings, and established themselves in the convenient upper room, still held at the disposal of the detective, this latter personage came promptly to the paint. " Yes, Wells," he said, in rsply to the huntsman's greeting, which had been a characteristic mingling of surprise and interrogation. " VeSj I'm hire yet. I have basn hers ever sines I saw you last; and am likely to be here for some time longer; end I've reached a point where I mast have some help from you, or be a good deal hindered j and at a very important point in ear little gams, too. No, I don't use it—that way." Wells, who had taken from his pecast a bar of tobacco, and silently proffered it, ai whet he recognised as the end of Murtagh's speech, now bit off a comfortable "chew," and replacing it in his pocket, said, with laconic brsviiy— " Wal, what's waatin't" 1 1 1 believe you know, Wells! I want that amethyst button. It will help ms immensely." Wells crossed one leg over the other, and shewed his ^eed in silence for a moment. Then he folded his arses and turned himself squarely toward Murtagh. "Look here, Mr—John Boss, I ain't doubtin' you. I believa you're a squaw man ; but you're old' business!—an' your business is ter chop ter the lins, as they say, an' never mind whar the chips falls. D'ye itcollect what I told ye once afore t" " About the button?" « Jcst so. Wal, I'll tell yar, sesin' 'tis you, one time mors. I ain't goin' ter hand over that button to anybody, not so long as there's a chance of its hurtin' Bruce Durin' 1" « But, if hs's guilty ?" " He ain't guilty! no more'n I am i " And that's your ultimatum t" "It's my—so, sir-es!—termatum 1 Te can swear to that i" Murtagh's face drew down to a very sober "But, Wells, don't yeu know that Wiggins will be likely to tell that button story in eourfc? ana* he suspects you of flndiEg it," " Oh, yes! I've heard about that. And you're right about his teilin' the story in court; he's been eousinin' wita the pro&tcutfn;' attorasy, and old C*rton; and he'il do his dirtieBt, doft't you forget itl However, I guess I kin hold my own with Jona Wigzms yii I" . , " Wells." the detective lowered his voice persaasiveiy, "this is between yen aud me I Nobody else knows you have «ver seen th&t; button, eh 7 txcept Deerinar, of course." «« Of course," accented Weiia. Well, now, I'm authorised; just tell me what you'd rathar haTe than that button I— five hundred 2—a thou' ?—oat with it." Tom Wells got up with a quick spring that sent the chair he had vacated tumbling backward with a crash. " Cessarn y« 1" he cried. " I s'pose you're doin' right enouzh, from your pint of view, but—darn it all! I've a good mind to knock ye down—an j how !" "But, Wells, listen." Murtagh g«t ap and caught him by the arm, " no one would be the wiser." "Shetup, csu't ye?" twitching his arm away. "I'm out of this business! Iain's the feller you've took me far, ME—and you ain't the man I took you far; offtrin' bribes! It's time for me ter be goin' 1" and he strode toward the stairway. But a sudden suppressed sound caused him to turn; Murtagh, closs at his heels, was shaking with soft laughter, and, in a moment, had the big huntsman in a muscular grip. '« C guess wa weren't so very much mistaken in «ich other, Wells" he said, drawing the other back and releasing him, to set right the overturned chair. "The fact y, old fellow, we've made up oar minds, Mr Baird and I, to let you into matters a little deeper; but I could not risk it without trying your mettle—ion't you ees i Not that either of ue felt aay great uneasiness or doubt, Sit down again, man !" as.d Wells dropped down into" his Dlace again, only muttering as he seated himself, in a half aside— " 1 swan to man i" "Now then, Wells." went on ths detective, briskly, " time flies, and I must be back at my post soon, and that past happenB to be, at present, Beechwood." 4 No!" " Yes, sir! Did you happen to hear that , a certain Mr Holly, distant relative, was a guest up there?" '•Why—yes." "Well that's me; don't look so astonished Well—Mr Baird has advised me to take you into full confidence, and I'm only too glad to do it; and when I am done, I think you'll be quite ready to put that button into my keeping, for, Wells," dropping into instant gravity, "I hope it will help us towards finding eat more than the truth about Joe Matchin. Walls, there's been more than ens murder committsd in Pomfret cf late ; and, I believe, upon my soul, that they were both committed by the same hand. W«lls, you will give me your promise of secrecy, if not of help?" ' Of secrecy! so help me; of help, too, if it's not against Brucs Deering!" "I'll tell you what 'I can, and you must judge for yourself. Wells, that good man, Lysander Deering, did not die of hears failure; he was poisoned!" And then, while Wells sat besid* him, ipsschle&E;, almost, with the shosk aud surprise, Murtagh hutricdly related so much of the story as was needful; omitting, by the way, much personal detail, but telling enough to place the case as clearly before Welis &s; it wa« in his owm mind, " So," said Wells, when he had exhausted his surprise end pondered over the Btrange recital, " that was why you was so in te Bested in St. Mask's, eh! Great snakes ! but whan ont comes to think about it, there couldn't a been a better hidin* place, nor one half so hand?. An' to think, no one aver thought of it bat you 1 And—Miss Wardcll!—that's a purty big pill to swaller!—but—if the church part of the basiness was true, the rest looks a purty closts fit. Jimmenetty ! suppose the fellw was a layin' in that arbour all the time ahe was talkia' over ths hint to not" " Quite likely."* " But—Cracky! if the right maa was in hidin', in the chcrch firit, and up at the big house after vard, that iets Bruce Deerin'oat, don't it V " 1 hops so," said ths other, evasively. " But it does! And thtm two women ; what doas it all mea^t thsm letters, and moeB&gas;, ani meetin'a in the shrubbery, what do you maks out of that f" " Nothing as yet. At the worst 1 Miss Waraell may hav* hai reaeon to fear Matchin; these beautiful spirited women sometimes nare sccrats, and Matchin, so near her, night and day, may have discovered something—" " Hem —well, she's filers bean callsd a high-flyer I—but Ehat French woman— I" •« well <i2e is * French woraan, aud they are bain in'iiguearns, so called. Sarita, I have beea U>M is very foni ot money ; Miss W tsescas to have known her well; may the one not havf baen bribed to help the other out f Bsechwooa was -smpty, almost, one cosid hide there, and, when things were qmist, or there was danger of discovery, it woulft be a good point from which to tramp across ths country to s jsne of the neighbouring stations. This ia only theory, mind; but the thing's possible." " What I want to know is this—Do you think Bruce Daerln' had any sort of hand in it ?" Murtagh looked away and bit his lip; then he turned back with sadden resolation in his eyes. "Tom Wells,"he said earnestly,"I believe you're as white a man as God ever made. I know I can crust you, and I won't ask you to trust me, and to give, what you believe to be, a solemn trust into my charge, without a return in kind I I can't say that I am sure of Deering's innocence, though, by feeling and instinct, I am drawn toward him. But, Wills, do you remember when I bade you good-bye, and atked yoa to keep a look oat on Joaa3 Wiggins? well, I was leaving for good, then; or so I thought. Leaving by the consent of Braes Deering, and at the request of his uncle, who told me that there were reasons why the Deerings must not pursue the ease; and asked me to 1st it drop, and go away. To leave it—to be worked out by the sheriff," "Good lord!" Wslli fairly groaned. •'And—did anyone els«—did Bairdkuow t" " Baird knew, and Arden, and Bedding,— they all said the old man's health was at stake, that they did not understand, bat they trusted him, and that he must have hiB will." " Bat yoa came back ?" " At the request of Mr Baird—and Mrs Deering—aud to look into the poisoning case." " But—great scott! You are working ths other " " Yes, I have been retained again." " By Bruce ?" " No. For Bruce—and without his knowledge—by a friend. Don't press me there, Wells." " Well I won't I and I won't try to gusBB either. For Brace, you said ?" " Yea. For him—in his interest to clear him, to prove his innocence; nothing less will da. And now — Wells, aboat that button ?" An hour before sunset, "Uncle Holly' came back to Beechwood as he left it; sitting, jovial and smiling, before Mr Baird, and behind Lady Jane, whose praises hs intermingled with eulogies of the stock farm. .Throughout the Ainnei hour, and late that night, in the seclusion of his own room, he examined minutely, and gloated over, the amethyst button, with itB tiny, glittering diamond sparks. He was thus engaged when he heard at his his door—before which he, habitually now, kept a tall screen, except when he looked for a late visit from the doctor—a soft scratching noise, such as might have been produced by a very young and timid mouse. Opening the door noiselessly, he saw Doctor Ware without, in jacket and list slippers, and by a sign was bidden to come out and follow him. « She is going up the stairs," he breathed in Murtagh's ear, and the door was softly placed ajar, and the two men moved in Indian file, and with Indian stealth, toward the stairway leading to the mansard. The stair was enclosed, and they could see hothing until they reached the foot; but here they paused and drew back, each with a quick catching of the breath. Half way up the flight, Sarita, in a long, loose gov?n of some pale grey stuff, was gliding upward, slowly and stealthily, with her b.aad turned as if fearing observation j but her eyes were set and scaring, Doctor Felix knew, upon the instant, that she was, beyond doubt, asleep. She carried in her hand a common candle, and, when she had reached the top stair, sh9 put it down upon the landing, and again seemed to listen. After a little she put her hand upon the door and tried to open it, and, when it resisted her efforts, she waited a moment, standing with an ear close to the panel. Then, very softly, she rapped, one—two—three raps, soft but distinct, and at least a full half minute apart. There was another moment of waiting, and then, with a sound like a sigh, she turned and seated herself upon the upper stair, poshing her candle back into the dardest corner at the same time. The two watchers exchanged inquiring glances, and withdrew a few steps down the hall, " Did you know that door was locked P" whispered Murtagh. «Yes; I asked Mrs Morton about the keys to-day while yon were gone. I told her to lock the attic door, suggesting, as a reason, the tendency of boninambqiists to go aloft, and expressing a fear that the woman, should she do so, aught expose herself to a severecold in that big garret. Of course, as you very wisely buggeisted, I prefaced all this by telling her that in order to study her symptoms more closely, I meant to leave her door open some night, and watch her movements in order the better to understand her case." " I see; how long will she be likely to Btay up there P" "Depends entirely upon her former habits. Evidently she has waited up there, tit svine time, until eomcoae chose to admit her; she may sit there -an hour or even more. Wait, I'll take a loot." He was back in a moment with his report. " She is leaning against the wall with her ear toward the panel of the door listening. She'll not move just yet." " Then wait here a moment," whispered Murtagh, and he slipped down the hall and around the comer leading toward the newer wing. In a snort tune he was back again. "It's ail right," he whispered; "the door is not losked." Ten minutes passed, then twenty, and then, a few minutes later, the doctor, going to reconnoitre at the foot of the stairway, came hastily back and motioned his companion to stand aside. A moment later Sarita passed them she was walking slowly and with head a little advanced as if listening; she had abandoned her candle, leaving it, as they afterwards found, upon tbe stairs. Slowly she made her way toward the front, until she had reached the corner, here she paused with her face in the direction of the room occupied by the young men of the house, then she turned and went, with a somewhat faster movement, around the corner, down the main hall, and straight on, until she reached the room that had been Lysander Deering's own. Here she paused and went through trying the door, and carefully opening it, anJ ail with ^y^s set and unseeing. The room, or suite of rooms, which had bet~n Lysander Deering's, had been kupt, since bit death—indeed, since he was carcicd tenderly, in strong arms, out of them and into ths secluded and airy north-east chamber where his last sigh was drawn—in the moat exquisite order, and swept atd garnished daily as if the master might at any moment re-enter and take possession again. In ths alcove drtsaing-room the toilet table bore their accustomed assortment of brushes, combs, flasks, razor cases, and the other various paraphernalia of a gentleman's toilet; and in the bedroom the cm tains were partially drawn, an easy-chair stood in its usual position before fire-place, with ths master's dressing-gowa thrown across its back, s.c4 a pair of silk-linei slippers upon tb« hearth, while upon the little stand, drawn close by the bed's head, stood a dainty water set, a night lamp, a bible and prayerbook, both bearing signs of long and familiar use, and in a slender crystal vase close beside them, a cluster of crsamy roses newly gathered that morning, and placed thsre, as was her daily habit, by Brenda Deering. Into thiB rosm went Sarita slowly and as silentlyias any ghost; just across the threshold sh« pauBed, turned her head from side to side, and th«, with quick, long, sliding steps, crossed ths alcove and tntersd there. Murtagh put his lips to his companion's ear: " We can't see from hers*" he breathed; " are we safe to follow her V The doctor nodded, and whispered back: " Unless she wakes." " Ws must risk it." They glidad in through the still open dosr, and flattened themselves against the wall in a niche just big snough to hold them and formed ;by a jutting cabinet, and the corner of tbe room nearest ths firs-place, where they CJQI* see the interior of the alcove, They had hardly placed themselves when the sleep- walker came oat, moving like one no longer suspicions or in doabt. She cams Btraight to the door of the chamber by which they all bad entered, and closed it swiftly and silently. Until then ths windows, with thsir halfopened cartains, and the light kept dimly burning in the hall withoat, had rendered things barely visible j but now all was in semi-darkness, and Sarita's gray- clad form, the two windows opposite thsm, and the bed, standing midway between the windows and the fire-place near them, were ths only things which outlined themselves in the gloom. Then they saw the grsy figurs move, and heard a quick hissing and Bputtering sound, not loud but distinct. In a moment a tiny flame shot up, then & subdued light filled the room. Murtagh caught the doctor's arm in his am&zsment;, aud psarsd into his face inquiringly, Oould it be that this woman WAS aaleap P And now they draw closer into the shadow of their niche, and standing there with bated breath, watched, almost doubting their own senses, a strange pantomime. Once or twice she made the circuit of the chamber, stopping before one of the windows, and pulling down the blind with a quick jerk. There was no water in the carafe, but she went through the pantomime of pouring out a little, and holding it up to the light—setting it down at last untaeted. Aud now they noted in her movements a certain difference or change, and a singular mixture of hesitancy and sureness. She came to the fire-place next, and they grew almost breathless because of her nearness. Standing beBide the easy-chair, she took up the silken dressinggown, shook it out, and slowly drew it on over the sleeves of the grey robe. Then she movd to the opposite side of the fireplace, and deliberately thrust her feet into the soft slippers, and then for a time she sat in the big chair, half buried in its softness, and seemed to stare at a dream fire and to ponder. It Seemed an hour to the two watshers, really it was less than ten minutes, that she sat quite motionless; then she arose, and crossing her hands behind her, began to walk the floor, crossing the chamber, and traversing the length of the dressingroom. In the sleeping-room proper, the smooth inlaid floor was covered, except for a narrow margin next the wails, with a soft thick rug, but in the dressing-room, and the bath beyond, the polished floor was bare, except where, before the dressing-table, aud in front of the low, cushioned window-seat, long, narrow strips of the rich Persian weave were laid. As the slippered feet passed from the chamber and the soft rug, to she smooth and uncovered floor of tnu dressing-room, each footstep was distinctly heard, and D00Cor Ware started as, tie Bound. But Murtagh's hand was upon. his arm, and again they stood and counted their own pulse beats, while the strange promenader passed up and down, confining herself, after a time, to the polished and responsive floor of the alcove, wnere each step sounded so clearly that they almost feared they would be heard without. After a time the steps became slower, and finally tiarita paused beside a small davenport just inside the alcove and near the window She passed her hand lightly over its closed top, seemed to hesitate, repeated the movement, and gave a quick pull at the handle of the topmost drawer. Then something seemed to disturb her. She moved away a few steps, paused, seemed to listen; and then, going back to the chair beBide the fire-place, pulled off the dressing- gown, letting it fall from her hands to the floor, dropped the slippers from her feet, and going to the door, opened it, and went quickly out, down the hall, and straight to her own room. She had not closed the door of the room she had left, and she did not close her own door, but going straight to her bed laid herself down upon it. As she crossed the threshold of Mr Deering's chamber, the two watchers exchanged quick glances, and while Doctor Ware followed her at once, Murtagh lingered long enough to replace the gown and slippers, arrange the window shade as it had been before Sarita drew it down, turn off the light, and draw the door shut as he left the room. When he rejoined Doctor Ware, that votary of science was watching the now motionless woman from his place at the open door. He had taken possession of the candle Sarila had left in the stairway, and shading it» flickering flame with his hand, was watching her by its aid. As the detective reached his side, Ware placed the candle in his hand, and moticned him to shade it as he had done. Then he crept up to the bed, and leant over the sleeping woman, listening for her low breathing. In a moment he lifted his head, took tbe candle from Murtagh, and snuffing out the nearly spent wick, placed it upon a chair beside the bed. Then they went out, closed the door and turned the key. When the two men were alone in the detective's room, and the usual precautions attended to, Murtagh turned upon his companion. "That's been too much for me!" he declared, " and I thought I knew a little about sleep-walking. Was she asleep, Ware ?" " Without a doubt!" They were standing face to face; Murtagh was too much aroused by what he had seen to think of the ordinary hospitalities^ "She could not have played that role if she were Bistori herself. I never sake the like; such cases are few and few between—but I have read of similar ones." " But—what waa she doing ? £ su| they always repeated themselves in that state—she—" " Well—?" Ware smiled- " Why, man, she was imitating—someone." " Not a doubt of it, she was personating Lysander Deering." " No I are you sure P" " Sure. The thought struck me when she got herself into the gown and slippers; but when she began to pase the floor with her hands behind her—I happened to know that as a habit of Mr Deering's." "But what—how P—I thought—pshaw —she could never have done that in her waking moments ?" " NP, but she may have seen just that pantomime under some peculiar circum stance, that was strange enough, or strong enough, to make a lasting impression. It has settled one question for us—or for me!" u What is that ?'' "Brook Deering's ghostly footsteps; I told you of them P" " I remember." "That dressing-room adjoins young Deering's sleeping-Tocm. His bed stands near that wall. If he did not V-iax his father's footsteps, he heard, least, a travesty of them." " Surely. So he is not on ligh road to insanity, after all " I never supposed him to ' ." Ware's tone was dry, almost cynical. It caught Murtagh's attention. " Shall you enlighten him ?" he asked. Instead of replying, the doctor asked a question. " Don't you want to see what the woman will do in the attic ?" "Byall means!" '"Phen I won't enlighten Deering. I would not—:a any case—to be frank. It will cost us some trouble, but I should like to see her visit that room once more. I think I can guarantee that she will' walk' again to-morrow night,—that is—if you want to put in another all night's vigil P" "Doctor," the detective's eyes were studying him narrowly, "do you mean that you can influence her, or drug her into that state f" "Drug her? No. Trfluence ? Well, it is the mind that does this kind of thing. Sarita has baen in an uncomfDrtable frame of m\nd during the last twenty-four hours, and this night's ramble was the outcome of it. I think T can keep up this same disturbed mental state,—that is all." " Good heavens! H >w P" " Pardon me. Like yourself, I have in my mind, hszy, and half-formed, some ideas so strange that, until they take a less fantastic shape, I dire not give them utterance. I shall try hard to formulate —or disperse them—soon." " Well, I won't question you, doctor, only—will jov. interpret what we have seen to-night ?" " As I can. First, Sarita, for some days, has been in a state of mental anxiety, in part, about herself, but mostly, about another—matter. This last anxiety to-day became so strong as to thzow her into the strained, nervous condition which has resulted in what we have just witnessed. 6f the instinct which led hereto that room to-night I cm only guess, but it was not, I am almost sur;> to personate Mr Deering. That was an after instinct, which came, I think, upon reaching the room, and which drove out, for a time, her first impression." Well!" ejaculated Murtagh, beginning to look about for a place to sit, I can't quite make you out; but I'm reasonably convinced of one thing!" "What is that?" " That Madame Sarita did not go to that room, alone, and at midnight, to-night for the first tims." (To be Continued.) . 