An \Adventure witch a " G host.: /. When I was a lad-of seventicon, I was ,ice boy for Pinkcrton's Philadelphia uency, and was just wild, of course, to be ant out on a case. Every time the cap -;in got a new job I would slide upto him and say': "Cap'n, you'd better let me go ovt on that," and he would answer witha q,':.zical grin, "Not this time, Harry. Wait till the next case." Along in December of that year there was a great rush of business at our office. We lilhad ifteen dctctives, all old experi enced lhands, and they were on the jump iigitand day. We could not ihandle the business that was coming in, and the cap. tain calling out in fun from his piivate oilice, "I guess we'll have to let you take the next case, Harry." Hardly had hle said the words when the door opened, and a. raw old conutyihan' entered. lie proved. to be Joe Baylis, a dMonitgoinery county justice of the peace,. anld lhe wanted, the cintainito'semnd man di,,iv with tliin to attold :t:aiighost whe was cutting didos at Fort Washiiigton. The captain told him he would send a man as soon as he had one at his disposal. The old fellow left and 1 jumped to mniy feet. " Captain," I said, "send me on the case." The captain leaned back in the chair and looked at me hard. "See here, Harry," he said, " suppose I werb to send you, what would you do ?" 1 outlined a very elaborate campaign against the ghost. lie let me finish and then said : " You'd make aconfounded ass of yourself;, now, wouldn't you? You'd make us the laughing stock of the town. Now listren. In the first place, always bear in mind there is no such thing as a ghost. If I s-ad you to 'ori Washington, got here with that idea in your head. 'l'here is no auch thing as a ghost. If you see the ghost and get near enough, jump for it. It will turn out to be a hluana beiing--no doubt of that. Niw, I'll let you go and hry your halnd. If you see the ghost and think you can't handle it, lie low and follow it and see who it is.". The captain gave nme money and away I went. I felt Ipretty brave, for it was broad 0aylight then, but there were tinesawhen 1 wished myself well out of the thing. I got to Fort VL ashingtou about three o'clock andl inquired the way to the haunted house from the station agent. I found it on a hill about half a inileofroum the town, and looked it over with interestand apprchen slon. It was an old white fraihe iansion standing in Park-like grounds with pllenty of outlhousea about it. Some countrymen whom 1 met, told me that the ghost was in thie habit of standing on top of the broad stone wall that skirted the roadway. There was an outhouse so situated that aniy one concealed in it could overlook the whole stretch of wall from end to end, and 1 made up my mind that this was the place for mne to get into before the ghost made its appearance. Then I went back to the hotel, took my supper and chatted with tine waiters and a few loungers about the ghost. Ilearned that it first appeared about three weeks before my arrival. A man named McTanish, an ignorant farm hand, was the first person to en counter it. IHe was coning to the town one night from'the grist-mill with a sack of ,meal o, -his-back, and-lpaued for au moment ini front of. the .oldl house to sit the bag down oni a stump and rest his shoulder. tie heard a voice behind him, and turning round saw standing on the wall a figure lie afterwards said was fifteen feet high at least. He did hot stop to observe the figure very carefully, though, but ran as hard as knew how down the road. text night a party of men saw the ghost and they also ran. They said the ghost made after them breathing fire and brimstone and acting in a peculiarly weird and unholy malnner. After that the house was avoided at night, but several strong parties of men, including the select men of the town, saw the ghost from a respectful distance. It approached them in each case, and in each case they took to their heels. About dusk I stole down to the deserted house, and it was dark when I got there. I slid along the wall to the outhouse, crept cautiously in and shut the door again. Hardly had I shut the door when I knew that there was some other person in that outhouse. I feltsure there was somebody close to my elbow. I was trembling like a leaf, but 1 managed to pull a match from my pocket and strike it. I held it up. It showed me a big white muffled figure not two feet away. Then the match went out. Was I scared ? WVell, now, I should say so. There are some people who laugh at the idea of a man's hair standing on end.; They say it is a physical impossibility, but 1 know better. I could feel my hair rise rightup and lift my hat, and my flesh crept. But I had to jump. I shliut my eyes and grabbed for the ghost. I was so frightened I "seemed to lose consciousness for a moment,. but grabbed something and held on. When the first shock passed I felt the ghost tugginig and pullinig to get away from me. ' It seemed as badly frigh. tened as 1 was, and its hands were soft and warm. S"Don't hurt me," it said in a terrified voice. I:had no voice to reply with. I was choking, but 1 pulled my captive out on the lawn and looked at it in the moon light. The sheet thist had been muffled about the figure, fell to the ground-a lpretty girl 'of '15 ~lwas discloased.--Il-.was in a coldl perspiratiol anil shaking as if recoverinlg frot a shock of electricity, but when .1 saw that Ihad caught a real genuine flesh and blood girl, and no ghost, I began to feel better and presently was able to talk. "Who are you 1" he asked. "Jeinie Baylis.": " What ! the daughter of Joe Baylis r' S" Yes, air." " What are you doing this for " - The li girl began to cry. She said she had not meant aiy harm.' She and her sister liad playedghiost ju~t' to have some fun.- Her sister was usually with her, but did not come this uight, as she was too busy. - She had heard from' her father that a detective was coming to catch the ghost, but thought he was not due for a day or two' and resolved to smake one last appearance arid then give up the perfor nmaeib till things calmed down. " - " ' Who are you 1" she asked. :"I'm the detective," I said. She looked me over in evident awe and consternation, tinged with some surprise on account of my age . ... • .: : " "What aro you going to do with me "1 S"Ibshall have to expose you f1" The girl criedagain and 'begged to be released and allowed to go home, but that did not suit me at all. ' I said she was my prisoner and as such I must deliver her up to the authorities, and after a good deal of waiting, she suggested that I had better give her up to her own father. I .agreed to that, and picking up the sheet, I held- her arm and took her with me to : Will you eat a philopoena with me, MIiss Euiily 1" -" What if I lose ?"" Tlen I win 'kiss." "An if win" ,? Then I have to kiss 01 . '"' '' \- ?,';;. t ?.lii ,.C:O:: ?hu lan" hG,-u Oli herfather's house abolit a mile distan t. "Don't you know you might have been killed by some of those people you fright ened 1" I asked. "No, sir, I never thought of that. Everybody who aitw me ratn away." When we got to the fartn- house where Jennic lived it was half-paist' nine o'clock. Esverybody was in bed anid the lights were all out, but I boldly knocked at the 'door. A winldow opened and a man's voice said: "Who's there 1" "Who's me 1" "The detective." " You're rather late. Why did you ntL wait till to-morrow 7 Better come round aundse' rme in tho'morniing" " '"I want to see you now. I have the ghost." At this the window was closed with . bang, and I heard hiiurried steps on the Theedoor.operieellned old ?tyhis stood i long old-fashionled white gown audwore a tall stereile-shaped night-cap. one hand help up a tin candlestick and the other shaded the light. A circle of beard sweep. ing under his chin froim ear to ear made him look very comical. lie looked at me in astonishmltent and when he saw his daughter and the sheet I thought he was going into convulsions. "You, Jennie 1" lie asked at length. " Yes, father," said Jennie very humbly. Old lasylis sighed and said "Come in.· He sent for the neighbours immediately. I don't know what was said at their meet ing, for I was mnit admitted to it, but old Baylis gave ile a letter to the captain and packed me offon the midnight train. Next norning I reached the oflice early and fount all the ment present, waiting for the captain to detail them. The men grinned at inc al ptassud the time of day plea* esaitly enough. They all knew where I had been and anticiplated a wonderful tale of disaster and defeat, which they were ready to laugh at, although I was a favourite with them, having lone many a piece of extra work for every itan there. " I thought I sent you to Fort Washings ton, llarry l" said the captain. " Yes, sir." " Made an ass of yourself, I suppoio r " 'here's It letter, sir." While the captain read the letter the mell guyed tme. " This is a very nice letter, Harry," said the captain. "lBoys, the youngster cap tuned the ghost." "Did he'?" said the men. " Yes, sir, lie idid. The boy is a credit to us," and then the captain read the letter of tlheselectmen out loud. At every sentence I grew a foot. " Well, how did you do it 1" several inquired. 1 told the story, and you may be sure I did not refrain from giving myself plenty of credit. My tale was very highly coloured. When it was con cluded, Lontg Jim Langdon drawled out: "harry, tell the honest truth. Was you frightened when that match went out 1" "No, of course not!" said I. But I was frightened two years later, when I asked the ghost to mtarry me, and I rLisouýe.L ,riuths, " aOin.,tes .tiL?n. no ow.. over, she didu'tl-." Texas Siftings." 