TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. UY " NONQDAM DORMIO." THE erstwhile Sport of H'ingsisevidently still the Sport of the Masses ill Victoria, no less than 77 Race Meetings having taken place on Registered Courses on Seven Days (from the 1 Tt.li to the 2(ith March, inclusive). And at the same time there were two very important fixtures in New South Wales and South Australia—one at Randwick and the other at Onkaparinga. So that the 1'urf cannot be 'juite Moribund in the colony yet. As a matter of course the attendance at Caulfield was o;:ly " fair " on Saturday, and although the fields were not large, the racing was good, and backers came out. on the right i-ide. The fouryear-old son of OA Colour and a Bluelight mare— Brownlight by name—landed the Trial Slakes, of fi.-e furlongs (starting an even money chance), from Wilton, ]{oval Master, Clmron and Sola, in linin. f^ec., thus" giving the punting brigade a good start. THK Handicap Hurdle Race, of about a inile and a-half. looked a real good thing for either S nereign (11.7) or Bill (10.1), and as 2 to 1 was to be obtained about each at the fall of the flag, it was tbe best of good " biz " to back them both. Sovereign stalling off a late run of Hill's by half a length, Shannon (10st.) being the nearest of six others. Tne Indian turnel turtle at the second last hurdle, but " Sailor Hill " (W. Davis) escaped with a shaking. The time was only moderate Ijuiin. liec. A field of a dozen contested the Eister Handicap, of one mile, Insomnia (7.2) being favourite at to 1, Orestes (7.11) figuring at 4's. Jr, (!!..-]) at -Vs. Scrip (7+) at lis, and Sainfoin (8 12) at 7'f, whilst 10 to 1 was to he had about Miraculeux (<i,13) and to 1 ltoval Master (I).111). The last-named is a three-year-old colt by Robinson Crusoe from Royal Maid (by King of the Ring from Maid of All Work) in Eli Jellett's stable, and as he could only finish third in the Trial Stakes he was entirely neglected by the rank and file of backers for the mile da6li. Just as Mr. George Woodforde's pair, Scrip and Insomnia, looked to be fighting the finish out between tliem, however, young Day brought the despised outsider up on the inside and won by three-quarters of a length, J5 finishing fourth, and Miraculeux last. Time, lmin. 40sec. EMBOLDENED by the lucky flop-up, the fielders were nothing loth to lay !> to 4 against Tayforth (11.0)against Dragon (97). Gratiano (12.12) and Chemist (9.10) in the Handicap Steeplechase, of about two miles, 3 to 1 b"ing on oiler against either of the otheis. Chemist led for half the distance, but clouted a fence and got l'id of his rider (Hpathcotei. Dragon then assumed command, but the favourite got on terms with him at the last jump, and beat him home by eight lengths, Gratiano a bad third. Time, 4uiin. lOsec. SHTLOCK has been such a thundering great friend to the Jews of late that Joe Cripps offered a prize of a Hundred Thousand Ducats to the indvidual who would most appropriately renhriotcn him, which award was gained by Mr. Thos. P. Power, the well-known saddler's ironmonger, of Little Bourke-street, with "Gratiano." For my own pirt I should have imagined, under the peculiar circumstances of the case, " Antonio" (who proved himself no friend to the Semitic race) would have fitted a wee bit better ; but, all the same for that, Gratiano was much better t han if he had been dubbed " Possible Gru-•1." or " No Lucka," or anything of that sort; and under his new patronymic on Saturday he started—ind got round. Only that and nothing more. A SELLING RACE, of five furlongs, brought out half-a-dozen Eprinters. The Bud being slightly a better favourite (at 7 to 4) than Fusee, with 5 to 1 offered against Eucalyptus, and 6 to 1 The Merry Girl, the two " L-hfflSeljtes" in tbe transaction being Varmon'ariS jbirtdV/^Ta.rmon led to the home turn, however, where Eu(!a]^ntus made his effort and sai'td home a comfortable winner by half-a-length from'The'M^ry Girl, wh'p was a couple ot lengths to the.good'OT.^srDionV Time, lmin. 27sec. The winner,was bouglifc in for £70. DAVID, who ran such a gfiw3","seeond to Rufus for the V.R.C. Derby of 1884, arid occupied tbe same position in the Champion Stales Snnexed by Commotion in 1S8C. started in the Selling Race, hut broke down badly. The aged (very !) son of The Gondolier and Alice Drew, who has been at the stud for a. number of years, is not likely to face the starter again. Poor brute! EIGHT started in the Brighton Handicap, of five furlongs and a-half, and as the Outcast (7.9) people were having a "whang," it gave the Fortunatus (10.4) push another rhance of "scoring freely" with the son of Fryingpan and Fraulein, of which they duly availed themselves— as witnessed by the state of the odd6 at closing time—to wit, 5 to 2 Fortunatus, 4 to 1 Outcast. That Colonial " Pusher," Tommy Sanders, was up on the good thing, too — to " make assurance doubly Shawer," as it were, and coming away at the entrance of the straight the favourite romped home two lengths in advance of Outcast, Silence II. (7.12) being a similar distance away third, with Glen Dhu (0.9) fourth and Ilium (S.2) last. Time, lmin. 12'sec. OVER in Sydney they had a very sloppy time of it at liaudwick, the rainfall militating greatly against the attendance. Still, as foreshadowed by tho work on the training track, the Victorian brigade were very much in evidence; both the Autumn Stakes and St. Leger falling to their share, albeit in the latter event Carnage fell •• Ker-flop." To skim the surface of things :— THE precarious state of the going didn't prevent li putting in an appearance at the post for the opening event—the iFirst Hurdle Race, of about t.wo miles, Whitefoot (11.11) being favourite at 3 to 1, Gundamulda coming second at 0's, followed by Ackbar (11.9) at 7's, Over (11.5), Kilmany (9.7) and " others" figuring at lS's. Amongst the " others" was " an ancient bay" named First Light (by Waxlight from Meadow Maid), with 9st: 31b. on bis back, and although he had won a lot of flat races " in the country" during the past twelve months, bis party didn't support him in the heavy going, fearing a fall. Ackbar led for a mile, when First Light assumed command, and never being troubled afterwards won by four lergths from Kilmany, who, in turn, was eight lengths ahead of Jack Mayo's brown gelding Rushlight (11.3', "Old Ellerslie" being fourth (with 10.3). Time, 4min. 4sec. TWELVE of the Very Best Horses in Australia sported silk in the Autumn Stakes, of a mile and a-half, the excellent work he had done since his arrival at Randwick causing Light Artillery to be favourite at S to 2. 5 to 1 being Loyalty's price, (i's Portsea's, 8's Titan's, KJ's Patron's, whilst 100 to !i could have been obtained for the asking about either Marvel, The Admiral, Camcola, Etra Weenie, Jeweller, The Possible or Nightingale. After The Pospihle bad displayed his antipathy to rain, Marvel, The Admiral, Jeweller and Etra Weenie weie tbe first to move, Etra Weenie running up into second place (behind Marvel) after a furlong had been traversed. Passing the judge's box Patron slipped and fell, Charley Ettridge escaping scatheless. After traveling half- a-mile the positions were, Marvel, Etra Weenie. Jeweller, Loyalty and Light Artillery, with Titan and Portsea bringing up the rear. Five furlongs from home Etra Weenie retired, and Light Artillery ran up second to Marvel, being followed by Liyalty. Once round the bend and into the straight Gough began to overhaul Marvel, and getting upsides with him just below the distance, he forged Light Artillery ahead, passing the post a handsome winner by a length and a-balf, Loyalty (R. Ellis) finishing third, about the same distance behind Marvel (C. Moore), with Etra Weenie (W. Morrison) only a bead away fourth, followed by The Admiral (Mat Harris), Titan (E. Power), Nightingale (Bridges) and The Possible (T. Darby); the last three being Camoola (Huxley), Portsea (H. Dawes) and Jeweller (B. Williams). Time (extraordinarily fast uuder the circumstances), 2min, 45sec. HALK-A-SOORE " maidens" deployed for tho Two Year Old Maiden Stakes, of seven furlongs, and the opposition being only "so-so," Patron's sister, Patroness (by Grand Flaneur out of Olga), ruied the roost at (i to 4 ; Lady Margaret being next in demand at 5 to 1, with Collarette a point longer. The favourite got a great advantage at the fall of the flag, and waltzed home by five lengths from Collarette, whoso nearest eompagnon de voyage (Enid) was a similar distance in the rear, followed by Bell Metal and Lady Margaret. Time. lmin. 33i5ec. HIGH Weight Handicaps over six furlongs of ground appear to have "caught on" in most remarkable fashion on the Sydney side, Saturday's event being no exception to the general rule, a field of 20 competing therefor. Speculation was extremely rife, too, at the following prices :—4 to 1 Gil Bias, 7 Charlotte Urara, 8 each liinkora, Merry Belle and Mirror, 10 each Thespian, Princess Olga and Volney. When the signal to go was given Finis (followed by Thespian) was in front, whilst the favourite was in the rear. Thespian (9st.) quickly displaced Finis, however, and won easily by three lengths from Cimiino (9.11). with "Merry Bdlle (S 11) third and Finis (8 9) fourth. Time, lmin. 22*ec. Thespian is a three-year old colt by My Lord from Tragedy. TUE fl-l.J forthe A.J.C. St. Leger (one mile and three-tjuarfers) narrowed down to four, only the owners of The Sailor Prince (Moore), Tiencbant (H.Gardiner) and The Trier (Conlon) earing to measure strides alongside the much-belauded Carnage. Right doivn to the fall of the flag odds of 5 to 2 wore laid on the Moral Certainty, whereas those who fancied that The Sailor Prince or Trenchant might ups j t the pot could be accommodated at G to 1. whilst The Trier's try was put down as a 100 to 5 shot. Carnage jumped off with the lead, a length behind coming The Trier, followed by Trenchant and The Sailor l'rince. Thus they ran (or rather " ainbled ") for a mile and a-q'iarter, when Chris. Moore " hustled" Tbe Sailor Prince along and went up second, the favourite still being in command as they swept into the straight. With their heads fairly set for home The Sailor Prince joined issue with Carnage, and quickly caused him to falter and lag behind, Sam Cook's colt winning hard held by two lengths amidst tremendous excitement, the victory of the Maroon and Silver being immensely popular amongst all sorts and conditions of wen in New South Wales. Ticnchant was third, two lengths behind Carnage, and only half a length in advance of The Trier ; the time heing wretchedly Blow—8 min. 37t?ec. Slow as it was. however, it was faster than either Abercorn'B or Dreadnought's Leger, which occupied 3min. Glsec. and 3min. 52isec. respectively. No one will be insane enough to imagine for one single moment that Carnage was the Carnage of the Spring; had he been, a different result might have eventuated. Still I have always maintained that the Sailor Prince is a much better colt than his three-year-old performances up to last Saturday would warrant one in imagining, and, another thing, he may possibly prefer the right-handed style of running in vogue at Randwick. I fancy there's something in that, a great deal mote than most people think. Commotion nevereould gallop his best that way, and I am a bit sceptical as to whether Patron or Portsea are any too much inclined to put their best legs foremost when travelling what Victorians designate "thereverse way." "TEBLINGA," in Monday's Argvs, was terribly severe on the manner in which Chris. Moore "interfered" with Carnage, alheit the Age reporter never even mentions tho circumstance of the favourite .being "crowded" during any one portion of the race. In his introductory remarks "Terlinga" says—" Coming round the turn Carnage drew away again and the race seemed over; but entering the straight The Sailor Prince drew up, and crowding Carnage on to the rails, Gough was soon seen to be riding. At tbe distance the favourite made a very bad stumble, and this decided the race, as The Sailor Prince at once drew away, and won easily, tbe accident taking all the steam out of Carnage. When they returned to scale Gough said that he was bumped by Moore more than once. Mr. Wilson declined to lodge an objection, "but I understand," says " Terlinga," "that more may be heard of the matter." AND then " Terlinga" makes the remark:—" Mr. Sam Cook's win was very pipular, but, owing to the colt's indifferent running in Melbourne, He iron Kothing But Tlie Stake." Now according to the Age report—"The Sailor Prince Carried a Good Deal of Honey at 7 to 1." Which naturally sets one a-tbynkynge—" If Sam Cook didn't win more than the stake over Tbe Sailor Prince's victory in the Leger, and if, notwithstanding this, he carried a good deal of money at 7 to 1, who, in the name of goodness, could have Displayed the Prescience?" It couldn't, have been the " Old Sydney Turf Commissioner" again. Oh, dear no! And, if " Terlinga's " accusations against Chris. Moore be true (and in tho description of the running he further adds that when The Sailor Prince ranged up alongside Carnage in the straight he "appeared to lay suspiciously close"), what a Fortunate Thing it must have been for the individual or individuals that had backed The Sailor Prince that the sportsmanlike owner of Carnage should have " declined to lodge an objection/' I SINCERELY trust that " more may be heard of tho matter," because, it Chris. Moore was guilty of such conduct, the mere fact of Mr. Wilson being too honourable a sportsman to try aud upset the true issue of a race on a protest should not protect the delinquent. And if there is not one tittle of truth in the statement—that i6 to say, if it is wholly and solely a mendacious charge—then Chris. Moore should be exonerated from it " without a stain on his character." I repeat again—If 1 'hrie. Moore wilfully did what "Terlinga" states Gough accused him of duinu then he should be punished, and punished eevprelr But if, on the other hand, this latest developing is but another attempt (amongst numerous futjl,-. ones) to do CliriB. Moore a serious injury by hui,iin.j him up to scorn and obloquy (perchance a side idea of preventing certain stables uti!Hu„ his services), then I say the Vilo Slander /inmlil be sheeted home BO that retribution "swirtuud sudden "—through the medium of the law . r.urt> or otherwise—may fall on tbe cowardly .m 1 nmniators. Them's my sentiments! THE Doncaster Handicap, of one mile, (i,,. concluding event on the first day's programmi', and for this twenty-two started, the he'tir.o being—4 to 1 Gerard, 5 Steadfast, 12 each 1 -t.lv Trenton and Oxide, 14 each Chand Bee Hmi Florrie and C.B., 20 to 1 others. And agKin wa(i tho "correr.tpea" amongst the "others," Donizetti (7.0) rushing to the front as they rounde l tiie home turn, and winning by four length* from Projectile (7.12), who held a length advaiita^, over Lady Trenton (7.10). Steadfast (7.11 • fourth, Oxide (8.12) fifth, and Utter (fl..}) MXIU lime, lmin. 4Uiec. FINE weather drew a large attendance to ||.M1,J. wick on Monday, tho snort bsing of a vi rv interesting character. M.L.A. (7.8) defeated Hull", man (7 0), Buccleuch (8 2) and eighteen others ia the Flying Hannicap, of six furlongs, the iliref year-old son of Archie and Morna L»A COWRIN^ the distance in lmin. 17sec. The Maiden Stakes, of a mile and a-quarter, was won by a two- vearold named Scotch Lassie (by The Drummer - 11itjli. land Lassie), R >nda being second and Clavei-house third, a field of nine starling, and the time lu-iuu- 2min. 14sec. A DOZEN started for the Champagne Stakes. <f six furlongs, a brown Ally named Acmena (l,y Martini-Henry—Acme) defeating Malachite bv three lengths, Dryden being a neck behind third ; time, lmin. l'sec. FOUR-AND-TWENTY saddled-up for the Sydney Cup, of two miles, Light Artillery being a pronounced favourite at i to 1, Tenaiice coming next at 7's, followed by Etra Weenie at 8's, Nightingale at 10's, Projectile and Titan at 14's, Carnage, Oxide and The Sailor Prince at 20's, aud Lady Trenton, Trenchant and The Trier at 25's. Lady Trenton is a fouryear-old Ally by Trenton, from Jack Mayo's old favourite, Black Swan, and with the nice racing weight of 7st. 71b. she managed to get home by two lengths from The Trier (Ost.l and Nightingale (C.5), Whisht being fourth, Trenchant fifth, and Blue Peter sixth, Light Artillery being tbirtetnth. Time, 3min. 34sec. Lady Trenton's victory was a rare throw-in for the books, as, owing to her bcin« galloped on in tbe Doncaster Handicap on Saturday she was so lame whilst walking about in I he paddock that her supporters nearly all deserted her. All the same for that I feel thoroughly convinced that Jack Mayo landed his usual "couple of thou." at a nice price over the transaction. Black Swan (by Tattendon from Lady of the Lake) was also the dam of The Gem, The ,l««el and The Queen—three pretty fair ones in tiieir time. PATRONESS (8 8) proved what a really great filly she is by giving The Harvester 41b., a start of sii lengths in the First Nursery Handicap, of lire furlongs, and then euchring him by a head, Ulare (7.8) being third, and ten otbers finishing in the rear in linin. 4sec. BEAU BBDMMEL fell aud broke his neck iu the Onkaparinga Steeplechase, of three miles and a-quarter, which was won by Tbe Actress (11.1) from Pure Grit (9.10), Coral (10.10) and 1:1 others in 7min. 17rec. The Actress won by 20 lengths, whilst Coral was 10 behind Pure Grit. THUS Saturday's Australasian :—"After Ten Days' Hard Work Mr. F. F. Dakin succeeded on Tuesday in making his awards in t h e 'Turf Nomenclature Competition ' put forward in these columns. The judge had a Very Difficult Task t<i perform. First of all, owing to there being no limit to the number of names a competitor should send for each horse, as many as 152 suggested titles were sent by one person, and Sir. Matin estimates that he bad in all FORTY THOI SANH NAMES to choose from." And as you are all perfectly well aware that I pride myself on Figures, to show what a Very, Very Difficult Tatk he must have had I need only direct-your attention lo tbe fafit that it must have necessitated that gentleman devoting Eight Hours a Day fur the Whole Ten Days, besides getting through Kite Hundred Names E*ch and Every Hoi.r (an average of a name to every Seven Seconds and a Fifth !) for him to have completed his task in such Extraordinarily Good Time. And when you further consider the amount of Explanatory Matter thetp must have been sent in with a large number of the names and the time consumed in jotting dm™ the most eligible of them, the Truly Her-uleai Nature of the Task Accomplished stamps it H- undoubtedly a Best On Record so far as tin- Time Testis concerned. As (or one individual f ndini; in nolesB than 152 suggested titles, that in itsuif is Not Half So Remarkable as tbe fact that every would- be aspirant to Nomenclature Fame (seeing that the whole of them didn't total 800! must have averaged over Five Different Names i'or each horse. IN all 9 colts and 1 filly had to be namud, but in tho case of the Malua—Verdure colt and the Trenton—Lady Disdaiu colt Mr. Dakin indulges in a choice morceaur of true Keltic orthography by remarking—"! have awarded no prize." Asthe Australasian says :—"The following is tbe tiudin! of the judge appointed by the donor of tbe prizes " Colt, by Neckersgat—Ada Chitchat Colt, by Carlyon—Atholine Passe lirewfl Colt, by Dunlop—Frou Frou ... Cheesecloth Colt, by Enfilade—Sierra Warsa* Colt, by Jacinth—Dazzle Naulakbi Colt, by Escutcheon... ... Pacific Hat- lnnra' Filly, by Escutcheon—Excelsior Strange Derif Colt, by Eiridsford—Busy Bee ... Kridanni To OVERCOME WEAKNESS —Pepper's Quinine and Iron Tonic gives new Life, Appetite, Healtb, Strength and Eoergy, cureB Nervons Debility and Neuralgia. Hallcrown bottles. Everywhere. Insist on having PEVPEB'S To OOBE STTIU DISEASES.—Sulpholine Lotion drives away all Eruptions, Pimples, Blotches, Rwdneae and Disfigurement, leaving a clear, epotleaa skin. Bottles sold everywhere. COMMENTING on the above awards a writer in Saturday's Arjus (and for the information of those of IIJ.V readers who may not be aware of the fact, J MAY state that the Australasian is the weekly .uMioot of the Argus) delivers his soul as behoves ,JI» whose conscience demands of him to speak the initli in manner following:—"For the ten v.-.-irlings to be named there were altogether some V'.irrv Thousand titles sent in, but it cannot be "that the competition has been responsible for , <;rikingly neat or appropriate list of names. If ih,. names chosen by Mr. Dakin are the Best, the ii.'i's must have been a Bad Lot." To which .Mirerance I am certain the vast majority of my readers will exclaim—" That's BO." T , ,, , , , , I IF course I am only a Colonial, and as sucn not any too well qualified to judge perhaps-, but still, „s wo have had a Blair• Athol '" England, and a iM,, Athol (by Blair Athol from PbiUina) imported. „, the colonies, and, moreover, as Blair Athol was 1 kld m ' ? y^' f n ° d ? ubt otin I's did) that CARL ATHOL would not have been an mappropriato name for a colt by Carlyon from .Uiioline. KARI.T in tho century, too, during the Pd6jaT> W ar, it is on record that 12,000 British .troOps'> • Enfiladed in tho Sierra known as tl/e Kbyber » „,,„ v^ci in.- iiutn ..»,» ... « by connecting Enfilade -tfith War and Sierra with a Saw. Rather a' fair-, fitli'.lied idea, even granting that a Sierra'is s-iTiiited (or saw-like) ridge of mountains. ' , „ , , , .LOINTH (or Hyacinth) was in Grecian able a .Pautifnl Lacoman youth beloved by Apollo, but h killed W Iw by him with w\t,h a, R. cast oflat. of bis rtt 4'Joit, and n.txrf irwn from whose blood the purple flower sprang up. Jacinth i>. also the name given to a red variety of zircon iioed as a gem. Kow, Jacinth is full brother to x.irdenfeldt , , (by , Musket , from , .. Onyx) , , and . ,, as gems ,,::/.-there you are! A colt by Jacinth f.om DAZZLE! n hy, U R E C U N IXKM, ot course! HUT this thing is getting rather prosy, and BOI shall only inflict two more Colonial (though not South Australian !) ideas on you with respect to some of the cognomens that were included in what the Argus assures us must have been a " Bad Lot." A filly by Escutcheon from Excelsior was dubbed HIGH AND MIGHTY (Excelsior "High," and Escutcheon "Mighty"); whilst a colt by Malna from Verdure was given a choice of two narnos—FIJIAN SPUING or LINGERING BLOOM. Twiggeyvouz ? Malua (Fijian for " Wait a while," " Bide a wee," " Linger") and Verdure (which cometh with the Spring). As for LINGBBis«i BLOOM, why, we have the authority of dear old Oliver Goldsmith for that in his " Deserted Village "— " Where smiling Spring her earliest visit paid, And parting Summer's LINGEEING BLOOM delsyed." No less than six of the prizes went to Adelaide, and without wishing to detract one iota from the kudos attaching to the successful contestants of the farinaceous colony, I must ceriainly place it on record tbat the awards couldn't possibly have been nicer had the donor of the ten guineas been connected with the Turf in South Australia. Now, could they ? Eh ? Certainly ! You are i|uite right! It is " St. Albans to a Cheesecloth" they couldn't. COMMENTING on his experience of the utility of the Totalisator in New Zealand "Mazeppa" remarks :—" I have watched the working of the machine very carefully, and my observations lead uie to the opinion that to racing men there is only one very grave objection to tbe system in operation in this colony. It is tbat owners, who find the money to buy the horses, to train them, to travel them, to doctor and saddle them, and to run the risk generally, have to come in hi the same footing as the outside army of investors who have nothing at stake. The chance , , . . - j , , backer I long getsthe time struck samei price me tliat as^ the this owner. is unfair. It How has tor a longtime struck me that this is unfair. How to remedy it is a puzzle. 1 make a present of the suggestion to our friends in Australia that their inventive powers might profitably be employed in this direction. Tbey may save themselves the worry of trying to think out some new principle. 'J'lie totalisator is the right thing, sure enough, and even with the drawback referred to it is a Messing by comparison with the system which it superseded—so far demonstrated as a public henefii that if temporarily delegalised by the he^isitttuie it will very soon be restored by the voice ot the people—but if the defect alluded to could be cured it would be so rnnch the better, as reuun in<r a just cause of complaint by racing men. My own notion, in default of anything better, is t liat when the threats of hostility to the totalisator finally subside, and some assurance is felt that 1'arlLununt will not demand further levies from the receipts as the price of their support to the system, relief may be given to owners by reducing fees to a mere nominal sum—shillings instead of p"utids; but possibly someone may think out tome oiher mode of meeting the difficulty." fini n Ui curse this simply boars out the contention Ot a leading supporter of the Turf in Victoria, who ha., been advocating the introduction of what "8 style- a "Blind Totalisator." The scheme as propounded by bim is as follows .—A month before IHI; meeting the secretary should begin to rti'-Jive investments, tho cash being banked a M tho total stated each day; the particulars to tho investments to remain in sealed Q ovelopes till tbe day before the race, a committee then to open the envelopes and heck toy totals, and when the race was over me uiouev to be divided thus : 00 per cent, to the oacliwa of the first horse, 20 per cent, to the '•'cond. in per cent, to tho third, 9 per cent, to iunde, and 1 per cent, to charities. As exemplifying the immense revenue that would he derived from tho " Blind Tote" when it Became well known, I need only quote the returns row the; pari-mutuelson racecourses around Paris tor J W:( to 6how tbe extent to which the betting Mania rii ;,'cs among tbe lower and poorer classes in Paris. The tax of 8 per cent, brought in last year,/rom suburban courses alone (not metropolitan courses, mark you!), a sum of -£140,000. And there the wealthier classes of backers do their business through bookmakers, and so escape all Government control. Which they would not do were the Totalisator a "Blind" one instead of " Open." m e n professionally connected with the racehorse have told their experiences in print, albeit Thomas Holcroft (stable-boy, shoemaker ® nd author) did so to a limited extent, whilst Samuel Chifney wrote "Genius Genuine,''and William Day gave us many details of his career. Now Henry Custance hae entered the field, and is to be congratu]atod on the production of an entertaining volume of anecdotes and observatione, the fruits of an intimate connection with tbe English Turf extending over 3<i years. 4s thn London Sportsman remarks concerning Custance's Kiding Recollections and Turf Stories," b y personB whose knowledge of horseracins and ita Burroutldings is intimate the book will oertainly be read with approval, aa it is always amusing, and frequently instructive"—a character «vfiieh can seldom be honestly assigned to a work treatjfe^ of Turf matters. proneness of owners and trainers -/t. • , slightest error of judgment "on 'tho'-part^of an otherwise competent horseman Hcmiry Custance relates the following excellent do ' remember George I-'ordhaoi beipfj-caught napping (the only time I ever saw "itiiftppen to him) on a mare belonging to Mr. T e n Broeek named Arrl>. by Sam ltogers^ho was ridin„ Wild Rose, owned by Bob Bign.dl, of Argyle Rooms fame. . It was a race " Ditch . ^ In ". at New- - .market, finishing at the top of the town. Fordham made the running, and could have won very easily, ^ but he steadied hismsrein the last 50 yards, and" Sam ¥oVe«7coming"^'ith Rogers, with a wet sail, beat him by ahead onthe postbeforeGeorgeliad time to Bet his A m v set bis Amy going eoiny* again. acrain. Mr. Ten Tp.n Broeck Rr.moL- had a lot of money on, and this Fordham knew, and I shall never forget his misery. He was a very sensitive fellow, and nothing would pacify him. That night he came back to where we were staying, and went straight to bed; he would not have any dinner, and cried like a child. Mr. Ten Broeck wrote him a very nice letter directly he got off the course, telling him to be sure and not take any notice of the mistake, as he was certain he had won bim a great many races he ought not to have won, and he was quite satisfied to put up •with this one little error. This was very good of a man.who had lost several hundred pounds by his jockey's carelessness. I think this example will show Mr. Ten Broeck to have been a good sportsman and capital loser. I am sorry to say this is not often the case, as owners are only too glad to find an excuse (after they have lost their money) to blame jockey, trainer or anyone else, as long as they can have a grumble and give vent to their feelings. The same people are always the first to run up and praise everyone connected with the horse when they win, although he may have been successful by the greatest fluke possible." THE same writer has some good stories to tell anent the wit of jolly Tom Olliver, who was always in a state of chronic insolvency. One time, being, as usual, up to his neck in debt, and not knowing which way to turn, Tom had spent rather a jovial evening with some friends, and didn't feel inclined to get out of bed next morning. All at once his wife came to him, and began to upbraid him in this fashion :— "Oh, dear, Tom! How can y6u lie sleeping there, knowing you owe the money you do ?" To which the unabashed Tom quietly replied" My dear, I wonder bow those fellows sleep that I owe it to ? It is more likely to disturb their rest than ever it is mine." ANOTHER good thing Olliver said was about his master, Mr. Cartwrigbt. — O--- Someone was talking —ft about his being a lucky man, when Tom chipped in witb "Lucky! God bless you, my boy 1 ;n "T.uck-v! find hloss ™„ mv !>,„• " ha gaidj.. rf Cartwrigbt was to fall off London Bridge naked he would be sure to come up with a new 6uit; of clothes on, and a watch in his pocket!" I SEE that the Sports at Gundagai hare been developing another Big Gun. This time it is an aged bay gelding named Led Astray, said to be by Bluegown from a Snowden mare. On the first day of the meeting (according to the authority of the wnll-known Border Turf Scribe " Reginald ") he went to the front at the fall of the flag in the Stewards' Handicap, of a mile, and never giving his opponents the ghost of a chance, he won by any number of lengths in the capital time of lmin. 431sec. Then, on the second day, in the Town Plate, one mile and a-quarter, he pursued the same tactics as on the first day, with the result that he beat both Geraldine and Bibette like hacks, and got to the end of the journey, without being extended at any part of it, in 2min. ltl.Jsec. When I state that Babette was hopelessly beaten in the latter event six furlongs from home, and shed about fifty yards behind tho winner, some idea can be gained as to the galloping ability of Led Astray. He certainly only put up ligl-t burdens, but as he won in such a hollow fashion ;t is not easy to determine what amount of poundage would have been likely to bring hiui back to the jot that opposed him at Gundiigai. Led Astray is a tremendous lengthy gelding, and, altogether, is nicely put together. He has been racing now for a number of years, and onlv recently started in and won a hack race at Jugiong. Ho was, I believe, on 0ffer not ]0ng since for a tenner, but nobody s0emed anxious to become possessed of him even at that small sum. Properly trained, Led Astray wni, I feel sure, win many another good handicap before he retires from the turf. His legs are as e0und as a bell, and he looks one of those hardy little customers that will keep training on and never be Bick or sorry a day. IROQUOIS, tho only horse bred on American soi' tbat ever won the English Derby, is a veritable gold mine. His fee for service during 1S1M has nen fixed at, 2500dol. (.£500). And the progeny after all the worry and expense of rearing and training, might never return 2500 pence ! The American sires who had tbe largest number of winners on tho turf during the past year range as follows :—Longfellow, tiO -, Sir Hodred, 54; Spendthrift, 50; Onondaga, 48; Himyar, 43 ; Iroquois, 43 ; and Rayon d'Or, 38. 