RELIGIOUS SERVICES. PROPHECY AND ITS FULFILMENT.- The second sermon of the series was preached last evening in the Congregational Church by the pastor, the Rev A. B. Rofe, There was a largo congregation. Tbo rev. gentleman spoke upon “ The Divine origin of Prophecy,” taking as his text,' IX Poler, Ist chapter, 21st vorso: “ Holy men of God spake as they were moved by tbo Holy Ghost." The propbotio element, said the preacher, in cluded not only the revelation of tbe fdlnre but alee to some - extent proaobing power. Abraham, Moaos and others wore occasionally spoken of as prophets. The dosultory. and intermittent propbotio manifestations wore brought into something liko order-by Samuel, who established propbotio eobools.-for' tbe training of men possessing. the gift,: The claim of prophecy to consideration depended on tbe character of tbe message and of tho man. It was observable that the prophetic quality -was not simply historic, but religious, and it was this element—tbe doairo to elevate tho nation—wbiob was tho ground of Its claim to crodenco. Whilst other nations had tboir sacred writings, tbe special charac teristic of tbe inspired books of . tbo Jews was that tho speakers or writers claimed to bo tbo mouthpieces of God. - West Sandhurst Sabbath School;—A flower service in connection .with the Sabbath school was held in the church yesterday afternoon. Thero was a largo con gregation. A number of appropriate hymns were well rendered by tbo scholars under the leadership of Mr W; Gall. The Rov A. B. Rofo, pastor of the Congregational Church, conducted tbe sorvico. He preached from St. Matthew, 6th chapter, 28tb and 29th verses, speaking upon tbe lessons inonlaated by Christ in His teaching to tbe multitude, Tho, -fatherhood of God was -evident in tbo oare exorcised over all' nature, the animal world being ‘'id dependence on. Hie bounty, while the floral kingdom owned (bo same guiding band. The lilies and flowers obeyed the-law of their nature; they grew and in tbo growth all tho beauties of tboir oharao* ter wore developed. They were under divine oaro, and tbo practical lesson tbe Master taught was that in tbo, eternal mind tbo samo conscious knowledge of His children's needs induced Him to oaro. for thorn. He was thus honored in tho trust of His people and id. tbe obedience which produced tbo white flower of a blameless life. . JSt.Kiltan’s peo- Cathedral. —The mission which Is being conducted at 8k Kilian's pro-Cathodral by tbe Rcdomptorist Fathers was during the past week, reserved for the * mate portion of tbe congregation. Maob earnestness was displayed by tho men. ..who attended tho differen t'.services and religious instructions in surprisingly large numhors, both in the morning and evening. Yesterday after tho cloven o’clock Mass tbe Rev. Father O'Farrell delivered a.most eloquent and im pressive sermon from tbe words, “He who is ■ashamed of me and my works, of him shall, the Son of mao bo ashamed whoa ho comota in His majesty.” To the evening the Rov. Father Burke .preached an excellent sermon from (ho apostles creed, to a very large "con gregation, the ohuroh heing crowded to . the doors. Tho exercises of tho mission will be continued during tlio week, and bn Thursday tbo sacrament of confirmation will. be. ad ministered by. His Lordship Coadjutor Bishop Bible Christian, Mackenzie Street.— Tho anniversary of tho Sunday school was celebrated yesterday. Tho Rov. J. A. Wosta cotfe preached in the morning from John, 21st chapter, 15th verso: “Feed my Lambs.” The Rov Hicks occupied the pulpit,in thoaftor* noon,'and tbtfßov TroßTloook preached in tho evening , from Psalm, 10lh Chapter, 23rd and 241h verses’, Tho churoh was neatly decorated with flowers and groonery, and there were snob largo congregations that there was:.not sufficient seating room available. Tbo children wore seated on a platform, tier above tier. They sang several hymns in a creditable manner. \ MissWhitford officiated as organist, and Mr R. F. .Gfray as conductor. Tbo services were also enlivened by, an in* strumontal orchestra, consisting of Messrs J. Davoy, C. Tillson, Edwards, Mallet and Harrison, The anniversary tea meeting will be. bold on Wednesday evening. . • ’ Unite® Methodist, Calyxn-street. —The anniversary of the ohuroh was celebrated yes terday. The Rev. A. Hicks preached in the morning from Job, Bth. chapter,. 9lh tersdf “ For wo are but of yesterday, and know noth ing because our days ~. upon earth are a shadow.'” Tho ReV. Mi*. Johnston occupied the.pulpit-in tho afternoon. Ho first'addreissd a few words to the young folk from ' John. ISth ohapter and 16th'verso,. “ I bave oailoa yoq friends.”, His main-discourse was from Luke, I4lb chapter, 18th verso, “ And they all with onq donscnt began 'to. tnako excuses. ” The preacher criticised , at' length the excuses used in tbopsrahlea'by people who would not onler into, the Riogdom of God; “T have bought a piece of groupd, and I. must' ndeds go and' se'o it,”. -“I havo: bought ■ five yolk' of oxen, and I must neOds go andprovo them.” Mr F. Woodward prcaidedattho organ, and Mr Stanistrddt adled.as'Conductor;' - ‘ -:Ppbk- at the. Post Office tho Rev John MoLaren preaohed to a very largo crowd from fcho -BJeßßed are thb poor inspintfor tbeira is lhe kingdom of 'bcavon.” Mrs McLaren led thb singing. The mooting' was of a' solemn oharboter, while numbersremainedbehind. - 