TUESDAY NIGHT'S ENTER- TAINMENT. There was a fairly good house on the occasion of Mr. J. Stilling Duffs Christmas evening entertainment in aid of the Victoria Hospital, but after making all due allowance for the dislike which some people have to spending Christmas night away from their own homes, the attendance was not so large as might have been expected, and keen disappointment must have been felt by the promoters at the non-attendance of some whose ab- sence was conspicuous. As regards the entertainmont itself the highest compliment we can pay Mr. Daff in connection with it is perhaps to say that it did infinite credit aliko to his heart and to his head. This gentleman's good- intentioned and kind efforts on behalf of the hospital certainly deserve our warmest acknowledgment, as the programme which he succeeded in presenting to his audience merits unqualified praise. Apart from tho trouble which Mr. Duff must ,have taken to organize Tuesday night's entertainment, a large share of tho programme was actually supplied by himself. As an elocutionist, Mr. Duff, on Christmas night, excelled himself. Altogeth«r he contributed four numbers, namely, " The Dream of Eugene Aram," " Caged," a Christmas story, " The Closet Scenns" from Hamlet and the soliloquy of the Prince of Denmark on the Immortality of the Soul, from the same play. All four pieccs were well given, the long Christmas story being a wonderful feat of memory, but tho Sliaksperian selections were by far the best. In the closet scene where Hamlet upbraids his mother for her faithlessness to the dead king, slays Polonious, Ophelia's father, and holds converse with the ghost, Mr. Duff was so effective that even those unacquainted with the play were held almost spellbound by the recital, and at its conclusion applauded him to tho echo. Concerted musical numbers were contributed by the G.T. Brass Band and the Orchestral Society, the former playing very effectively the opening overture " Vengeance," and the latter the " Scipio March " and a selection entitled " Mazeppa." The latter is a charming composition, and was rendered most creditably. The opening movement, an andante, will, however, well repay more study. Young hands are always too apt to take it for granted that a slow movement is easy, and that therefore they should give the bulk of their attention to the quick passages, which is great mistake. Indeed this tendency is so strong as to warrant the advice to young players : Take care of your Andante movements and your Allegros will take care of themselves. From rccent correspondence in the newspapers we have seen how tetchy amateurs are and how sensitive of criticism. I am sure, however, the members of Mr. Halverson's orchestra have too much sense to accuse me of being either unkind or unfair when I do not indulge in " toffy." Mr. C deLucey, our most promising performer on that most difficult instrument the cornet a'piston, played almost faultlessly a cornet solo from Lucia di Lammermour, to his sister Miss Nell DeLucy's accompaniment, and received quite an ovation. The Misses DeLucey also contributed an instrumental number a pianoforte duet " Homeward Bound" by Blake which was also appreciated. Mr. C. A. F. much a late addition to the ranks Bond, musical amaturs, delighted the audience of our with a solo on his mandolin, an instrument which, in the hands of a capable performer like Mr. Bond, makes up in sweetness of tone what it lacks in sound volume, and which will, we venture to say, be much in request in Geraldton. Of the six vocal numbers on the programme two contributed by Miss Alice St. John of the Gaiety Burlesque Coy. now in town must be awarded pride of place. This lady has not only a rich soprano voice and knows how to use it, but makes wise choice of her songs. Her rendering of " I was dreaming," a new song which has been quite the rage in Melbourne and Sydney lately, and which has been interpolated into the new opera Ma Mai Rosette, is delightfully pretty and requires great flexibility of voice to sing effectively. For this number Miss St. John was loudly applauded, and a reappearance demanded. This young lady's song in the second part Tosti's " Good Bye " was an even greater artistic triumph, an encore being again elicited. Miss Trigg, sang with much delicacy of feeling the " Eternal Rest." This young lady lias not a stroncr voice, but it is of rare quality, and on Tuesday night despite a little nervousness Miss Trigg sang admirably. Mr. B. W. Greville, who is quite an acquisition to our amateur talent, sang " The Holy City," by Stephen Adams, and sang it well. Mr. Shore was not in sufficiently good voice to do justice to " David Singing before Saul," his essay, however, was well appreciated, as also was Mr. Garrett's rendering of "The Song that reached my Heart," which was improved by the mandoline obligato. Altogether the entertainment was a great success, on which Mr. Duff and all concerned are to be congratulated. 