miUtm'$ iflluwtt. TWO BOYS IS THE ALPS. [By Auce C'bossette Hall.] All Richard could see waaaconfused maw of broken branches, flying dust and stones, then * dark object hurled over that frightful For an instant he seemed tamed to stone, then with an agonised cry of 'Alt, Alt,' he was about to start headlong down the precipitous wall that extended to the depths bis friend must have fallen. The very mad ness of it stopped him. If he did not lose bis own life it would be but a slow and toil some process) getting to the bottom. To retrace bin way, long and roundabout as it was, to reach the plateau and go around aud up again to the bottom of the precipice, was, after all, the surest, doubtless the quick est way. He did not stop to reason it out. It came to Mm like a flash. Then, with one wild desire to reach his friend^ to get, if possible, one last token of life, he turned and sped downward over the same route up which he had just climbed to toilsomely. It was too rocky aud difficult for the same use of hie, alpenstock, bat he did not care, trusting himself to it blindly, swinging bimself recklessly over tbe rocks with many a bruise from their jagged points. But the outward bruises were nothing to the inward goadings of his conscience. The* one thought that stood out with vivid dis tinctness amid the wild tumult of his brain . w&a; that it was he who had led AH. to his horrible death. Then came the glacier. Now his progress waa more rapid and here bis alpenstock did good execution, for by its aid he flung himaeAf along with tremendous leaps. But the snow bunded him, and rapidly softening against the ice, he would slip and flounder and fall, only to pick himself op, then on again. One of these flying leaps brought him above the crevasse, which be had quite for gotcea. By adding an impetus to the forward motion ha was landed sprawling -on the farther edge of tbe chum, the upper part of bis body on the rock bat bis legs overhanging the crevasse. On that perilous edge he would almost inevitably have BJipped into tbe chasm, had not the point of his alpenstock, as he slipped and fell, planted itself so firmly in the opposite wall as to hold him in bis position, and enable him to regain bis foothold, Mid speed-on agate. fle-aliadderedwi fab-terror -m- the thought of himself at the bottom of thje crevasse, alone , and helpless, with night coming on, and his poor -friend dying alone. Now tfae glacier was past and be had reached, the sharpest descent of all, yet growing mow and more recklesB as he proceeded. Then there was a snap, and he was hurled forward with his shoulder striking against* rock, his head just escaping a- sharp point that might have given a death blow. His alpenstock, which a few minutes before had, doubtless, saved his life, had Dow all bat been the means of his losing it. It had broken under the great strain. Richard flung it from him as he fathered himself op, frroaning from his bruises. Fortunately, he was near tbe puLte&o.; There wa& the flat rock where he and All bad lunched so happily. It seemed ages ago. On he sped along th*- plateau, then up apuin uutil he came within sight of the fatal edge. It was as lie had feared ; below it a sheer precipice over which no human being could fall aud not meet death. He climbed on, aud up, with an icy dread upon him of what he was doubtless soon to What he did see, however, was only a huge bank of sand, and crumbling stone, tbe (ac cumulation of years. That wu all— no trace of any human bang; . 'Alf., Al'., Alf.,' he shrieked in a men tal agony that almost crazed him as the echo went reverberatisg among those strange solitudes, giving him a sense of solitariness that seamed abtofotely unbeatable. What Bound was that 1 was it an echo ? was someone mocking him * was it a human voice? ' AlL,9' rang out again ou the stillness more desperately than, before, 'Hello,' came faintly from some point far above him. What miracle was ? this? Looking up, Richard caught sight of «ome portion of the broach ou which AlL li»J taken his downward elide, just visible above, the edge. Did his eyes ucceive him? Had it rally lodged on iu way down — In fact, never oocne over that dreadful precipice at all? Suely, it was from tbe midst of it that Alf ? *oice 'Alf., Alf.,' he called again, feelios a senso of relief utterly indescribable. 'Are you really there, and not icilled t' ' No, I'm not killed,' cauie back faintly. -' But I fed all smashed up. Don't try to come up here, but get someone to help me out of! his.' H Richard's thoughts flew to the shepherd lad. Between them they coold, doubtless, extricate the poor hoy. 'I'm going for Julius,' he shouted. He picked up Alfa alpenstock a&d; was speeding back, flying it seemed to him, in spite of his bruibes, and aciliug kga. How he reached the rfiopVrd'a fab&^e scarcely knew. The setting sun was- fight- ing up the snowy/ peaks with a rosy glow as be approached it, bringing into bold relief all its aurroandiiig*, «*ncually the vcJooiiae f«rm of Julius, who w&s; standing just outside the door, hands in his pocket*, as if he had aot changed his position since morning. Richard quickly told the story. Seudog his atout walking stick, his constant mountain campanula, and tike a faitbinl shepherd, ; „ taking one look at the cows and goats, Julius ; ^rat off like the wind, leading Richards chase | -co keep op. These shepherd boys are expert - climbers. His feet clattered over the stones, j even with those poor apologies for shoes, ' wooden sole*, with pieces of leather to hold I them 00. ] But there wu something which Richard I did not know, that lent swiftness to Julius'* headlong speed. Four years before, to till np some idle boars, and do a good deed, as he I thought, in the interests of tourists, be, with the help of one of his goats, had dragged up ?ad placed ucrom the breach in the path, the same branch which, gradually decaying, and at last made worthless by time and weather, had broken under AlTs weight. He wad goaded on to the rescue under a sense of bis own responsibility in the disaster. They found AIL near the place of his fall, moving painfully and laboriously about on bis hmili and k™f*r 'Only trying a little change,' he said. '* Three or fonr hoars in one position prove* rather monotonous. Besides, I wanted to find out how many bones were broken. I really believe not one, bat I am pounded to a jelly, and one ankle has got an awful flptain.' It hardly needed on explanation on his part u to how the whole thing happened, and he bad so marvellously escaped. The broken branch bad gone down the slide with the heavy end foremost, which, in crashing among some rocks collected at the top of the ledge, had been stopped there, only dislodg ing one of them, which had pone over the precipice and which, in all the dost and com' motion, Bichard had supposed to be Alf. AIL had, at the start, fallen back among the smaller branches, and taken his downward slide face upward, thus miraculously escaping with only his bruises and a bad wrench of the ankle as be struck among the rocks. '? Bat, goodcess, Bichard,' he exclaimed, 'one would think from your looks that it was you who had taken the tumble and gone over the precipice, and it was your ghost that bad come np to find me. Did you really think I was killed ?' Bichard could not answer. The horror of Ibat dreadful iate bis friend W escaped — the Jong weariness of the body, and agony of mind, and the relief frem the dreadful tension, were too much for him. He Bang himself by Alf j ride and threw his amis about bis neck in an outburst of weeping. Between them Richard and Julius managed to get AIL down the mountain side, some' times making a chair of their crossed hands and sometimes propping him dp on both aides. They put him to bed in the email apace where JrJius slept, where were piled some pine bough ts covered with ragged blankeni. 'Don't be troubled about me.' Alf. said, 'Tm getting used to tree branches—if they only haven't a fancy for rapid travelling.' Julias was sent down the mountain to carry a message to the mothers of the lads, and Bicbard was left alone. He sat outside the bat in the Alpine night The moon was moving overhead in the clear' eat ofaJues, and the snow-dad peaks had almost the brightness of day. All about him on the moonlit slopes were lying the cows, the occaBJonil tingling of tLe bells being the only sound in the strange stillness. The stones is the little hut, and the pot of edel weiss in the crevice were not the only things that Bichard saw. He had bad an experi ence. ? {Concluded} ? The Union Mortgage and Agency Company received a wire from Avon Downs ou Thurs day week that 1-15 in. of rain bad fallen there the previous night. By the tender Dolphin, which left on Thursday week to meet the e.s. Warrrgo in Keppel Bay the following prisoners departed lor Brisbane :— Patrick John Collins, for the larceny of money the property of Bichard Bond, Mount Morgan, sentenced to two yean' hard labour ; William Edward Hughes, sentenced to sixteen months' imprisonment with hard labour for indecently assaulting, wounding, and ill- treating a girl named Cassle M*Corrick, aged eleven years aud four months ; and Jack, an aboriginal* sentenced to fourteen months' imprisonment, and one whipping of eighteen lubes for attempting to criminally assault Mary O'Brien, aged lour and a-balf years. A lunatic was also sent away by the same boat. Daring the trial trip at forced draught of the German cruiser Brandenburg off Kiel, on the I6U1 February, a terrible explosion toot place owing to the breaking away of the fastening of the apparatus for turning off steam on the starboard engine, and to the consequent escape of steam into the engine' room, which was full of people. Thirty-nine men were killed on the spot, and four have official account says the vessel's engines were working at IOOO- borsepower at the time of toe explosion, but an engineer declares the indicator showed 7200-uorsepower. Imme diately the German Emperor received the sad tidings he sent a message of condolence to the commander of the Brandenburg, which runs u follows : — ** Horror-stricken at the fright ful catastrophe ; it is from the bottom of my heart tba* I express to you and to the entire crew nay most sincere and warmest sympathy. The heroic death of those who fell ia the dis charge of their duty secures them for all tune a place of honour in my memory and in the annals of the navy. We all are in God's hands. With unquestioning confidence in Him, we bow ourselves to His inscrutable will, and look forward comforted and hopeful to the future. I intend to erect a memorial tablet to the victims in the garrison church at Kiel. As for the rest * Full steam ahead. ' His Majesty also scot to Kiel an immense fennel wreath, interwoven, wilb white flower*, and bearing satin ribands, ou wfaicfa the Imperial crown to ?tamped in gold, as a tribute of iiononr to the dead. 