THE GOSSIP’S BOWL. “If perchance I sliall speak a little jocosely, 1 you mil kindly allow mo that privilege.” ,< Election-tiino is the opportunity for the r person with a lively imagination; in fact, j there is no other time like it—oxcept, .per- ^ haps, that period of -truth and light, the | fishing season. ' The Towong Shire elec- , tions are no exception to the rule, as iff ] our district imagination is running wild, j in some persons. A friend of mino, whose ■ periodical lapses into poetrj’ (?) afford ] painful promonition of cerebral collapse, ; has handed mo a ‘1 little thing of his own,” ] with a hint that I might use my influence ] to have it printed. He states that he has ( been at considerable pains to set it to .] music, and suggests a barrel-organ as a , particularly appropriate accompaniment. I confess to being a bit dense in these • far-fetched facetious fancies, and own to . my inability to see where the relevancy of the barrel-organ comes in.: This, no doubt, proves there is little music in my organism. However, more penetration may be possessed by your readers, to whom I give the effusion “ just as it is, without one plea”— A MATTHER-OF-FACT MUNICIPAL MELODY. A VOTIVE OFFERING TO TIIE KOETONG VOTERS. Tune—“ Oh, dear! What can the Matther be!” Ladies and gents, no doubt you’ve learned My thoughts to Shire affairs F ve turned— For councillorship I’ve long burned— My card, yes—“ Mr. Blather.” I’ve long desired a Council-chair— Oh, what must it be to be there !— Should I succeed, the world will stare— 1 Aspiring, bold John Blather.' ] I’m sure it is no idle boast— ! There’s none more fitted for the post; Though candid friends say, “Not a ghost Of a chance has modest Blather.” Prophets, though, have but small renown In their own little country town— That I can put young Findlay down Cock-sure is Johnny Blather. My friends will put mo in all right, And I will prove a shining light In the Council-hall—straight, no skite— Blow’s sickening to Blather 1 * Thought short in height, my head is long; I’ll prove myself a member strong; To right the wrongs of Koetong, Just call on little Blather 1 In candour, yes, I do aspire For presidency of the Shire; That rank attained, I’ll quick retire— J.P.-ship next for Blather ! Ah, yes, sir; yes; thanks for the hint— I love to see my name in print— Of that bliss there will be no stint, When Councillor John Blather. I’ll just reel off my little speech (The writer’s name I will not peach), ’Twill make my young opponent screech— He’ll envy fluent Blather. For ginger-pop there’s nought like gas— In public ’twill for merit pass— That virtue’s got me dubbed—alas!— As “ Volatile Jack Blather.” You want lamps, bridges, footpaths, drains, And well-made roads for loaded wains— Then go in for a man with bratns— Vote for brainy Blather! And if you want a Simon Pure For your M.L. A. to secure, Just go for my dear boss, the brewer— I’ll get him in, too—rather! But, first of all, just let me say, If you choose me on ’lection-day, I’ll sing “ Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay, Your cap’s now feathered, Blather!” The news proclaim both far and near— I’m going to hoist the engineer, And reconstruct th’ official gear;— Stern are your orders, Blather ! In public movements, I confess, I have not been a huge success ; The reason why’s not hard to guess— To rule the roost loves Blather ! But, once I am a Shire magnate, I’ll early work for you and late, And ne’er do aught but wliat is straight— When my own end’s gained—rather 1 Though foes the taunt may at mo toss, “A worker he,” I’m at a loss To know why Jack’s worse than his boss— He’s quite as good, thinks Blather. When I have got right through my spout, My purposes and views about, I’m sure you all will loudly shout, “ Hurroo for Johnny Blather!” And when at length I am returned— Gained that for which I’ve so long burned— I’ll flout those by whom I was spumed— “Revenge is sweet!” says Blather. The speaker done, he rests his shanks, And, radiant, takes a vote of thanks; The crowd seems to approve the planks In the platform of J. Blather. A few, though, seemed to Jack averse, And deemed him than his rival worse. With something like a muttered ourse, To these thus out spake Blather:— Now, come on, lads, don’t “act the goat,” Don’t give that Towong man a vote— “ There’s not a hole in all my coat”— No fly on spruce John Blather ! Well, gents, I have no more to tell; Help me to bear away the bell On polling-day, then go to—well— My troubles, when Councillor Blather! The fight o’er, to see how the wind lay He went, but to find that young Findlay Was councillor. “Here’s a swindle,” he Exclaims, “Pm still plain Jack Blather!” From Glen Wills comes a story illustrative of “a new way to pay old debts.” There is in that auriferous glen a gentleman following the humdrum occupation of a miner who has clearly mistaken his vocation. He would as suredly make his own pile and save from insolvency any firm to which he might be attached as acollector of bad debts. He would prove a most desirable dun for the tradesman whose short profits are com pensated for by long credits. If every commercial man could have such a resolute retainer as he, losses by bad debts would be appreciably minimised, and there would be fewer instances afforded of' debtors taking a mean ad vantage of the Statute of Limitations to eventually cheat a clement creditor. The party in question, whom I may call Mao., is a genial, good-natured soul; but “ he ' would sooner lose a fiver than be had for ] a rstiver.” The other day he “ got- the- \ office” that a party of four men to whom i he had been a trustful friend had broken i up the “ ’appy ’ome” and were setting out i for fresh fields and pastures green. ' Mao’s Hibernian blood was up in an ; instant, and in another he was up on top of his horse, and setting sail on the trail < of the levanters. Ho rode hard and soon , caught sight of the quartette tripping , gaily along, doubtless laying the flattering \ unction to their souls that they were well j quit of the Glen and its debts. Mac., , mad as he was, yet had somo method in | his madness. Ho delayed overtaking the \ bilkers until the latter came up to a | party of men working on the road. Then— Tile Hibernian came'down like a wolf on the fold, _ , And his cold eyes were gleaming with thirst . for his gold. He brusquely announced his mission, 1 which was “ to got paid, or. take it out of thou- hides.” Three of the Jeremy Liddlors, not liking the “ terrible aspect” , of Mac’s eye, deemed discretion tho hotter part of valor, and, roraomboring the old proverb, “ out of debt, out 'of danger,” with ' a faint show of reluctance parted up their i dues. The fourth man, how'ever, accepted ' the alternative, and—well, “ when Greek - meets Greek, then comes the tug of war.” A severe “go” of about.ten minutes re sultedinMac., who is a'short.pluggy man, being completely knocked-out by,his bigger .opponeut. He frankly admits that he never got such a “ doing’’ in all his life. The victor then, in company .with his three friends, resumed his journey in triumph, playfully taunting his vanquised foe on their being “ quits.” But he reckoned without his host for once,- For Mac. betrayed the characteristic which is said to be the cardinal merit of the British soldier, viz., that ho never knows when he is beaten. After ruminating for a few minutes over his discomfiture, and getting his “ bellows” mended, he determined to have another “ go” at the pugnacious defaulter. Fearing that the closure of his other oye would cause him to lose sight of the fugitives, Mac. once again went after and overtook his foe, who, on being informed that his combative creditor did not consider he had had his money ’s worth, expressed his pleased readiness to lepeat the doso. The result of the second set-to proved the truth of the old saw that “ ho who has but one eye sees the better for it.” After a short, sharp and decisive battle, Mac., somewhat steadied by his preliminary bout, succeeded in completely turning the tables on his obstinate opponent. But the latter doggedly refused to “ part up the stuff,” although his impor tunate creditor got him down and nearly throttled the life out of him.' At length, getting desperate, Mac. tore the tattered trousers off his opponent’s limbs, and marched off with the rags. The pockets contained nearly sufficient “ stuff” to liquidate the debt, and as the panting and pantless defaulter proceeded to open his portable wardrobe for some duplicate duds, auiid the cruel chaff of his comrades, his emotions must have been of a varied nature. With a mental rosorvation, he; yielded to his compliant comrades that, after all, " honesty was the best policy.” On returning to his native heath, the Glen Wills game-cock, after raiding the butcher’s-shop for a beef-steak to apply to his ecchymosed optic, shouted for all hands and the cook, for whose special delectation he “ fought his battles o’er again,” Mac’s racy recital of how “alone he did it,” coupled with the comical way in which he “winked the other eye,” being highly diverting to his auditors. Glou Wills now rejoices in the possession of a hero. A Tallangatta tradesman, on hearing the story of Mac’s prowess, was heard to remark that that individual would have been a perfect godsend to the much-bilked business mea here during the railway-building period, when “ moonlight flits” were so frequent and numerous. The obituary poet is a “ live” figure in America, if we can believe comic con temporary history. His office is to soothe the lacerated feelings of the bereaved ones by footing-up, at so much per line, panegyric verses to the memory of the dear departed. Judging from the death' announcements in the Melbourne papers, the mortuary muse is rapidly becoming acclimatised in this colony. But " prentice hand” evidences are apparent. I was struck by a quotation appended to a death notice in a recent issue of a city paper. After the stereotyped allusion to the “dearly beloved” in question, the announcement concluded — “ There re maineth therefore a rest to the people of God.” Now, does this mean that the going honco of tho dopartod proved a happy release for those he left behind him ? The remark strikes me as being something more that equivocal—it seems almost tantamount to saying — “ Our dearly beloved is gone. Farewell t A good riddanco.” Theso sepulchral senti ments should be above the suspicion of ambiguity. PASQTJTN. 