Writers and Books. George Eliot's old homo in- London is to bo pulled down to muko room for u railway sta tion., . In 1552 books, on geometry and astronomy wore destroyed in England as savouring ot miuric. - . Mr. Kipling is colleuting n number of his magazine stories for boys, chiefly about India, . und will issuo them in voluiuo form. ; Priuco Biemurok has sold liis memoirs to a German firm of publishors for £26,009, with tho condition that they shall not bo published during his lifetime. Jules Verne, who ls said toluivo omiied more moiioy by his pen than any other living author, has taken up liis abode iu plain apartments in tho old cutliedrul town of Amicus. Four hundred different iiowspapors aro printed iu Loudon, tlioir wookly circulation numbers 30,000,000, and their expenditure for news cacli duy umounts to £12,000. 1 In his now novel, "Tho Last Tonunt," Mr. B. L. Furjeon introduces n now dctectivo agency in tho sliapo of tho ghost of a domostio can, and ho actually makes tho feline spook' blood-curdling rather than ludicrous. . It is rumoured that Dr. Birkbeek Hill has made an important find during his visit to America— nothing Iosh, in fact, than the corrected proof-sheets of Boswell's " John son," eoutuiiiing tho pussngus whioh Boswell suppressed on tiio representations of his friends. We uro sorry, says tho.. Bookman, that tho iiopcs held out iu some quarters about Mr. Ruskin resuming liis literary labours Iiavono foundation. Although iu good health, Mr! Ruskin is entirely uiieqnal to any mental olfort, and is allowed to converse only on sub- jouts which do not agitate liis mind. Reference has often been mndo to Emerson's iulluoiiiio on Professor Tyiulall. It is said that on the fly-leaf of uu old volume of Emerson's works accidentally picked up by Tyndall at an old bookstall — a volunio which first lnado him acquainted witli tho writingsof theNciv England seer — are inscribed theso words, " Purchased by inspiration." Sir Robert Bull's new work, " In tho Higli Heavens," is almost rcnily for publication by Messrs. Isbi3tor. Some of its contents have already appeared iu tiio shape of articles in different luugiizincs, but tiicso liavo all been thoroughly revised und, brought up to duto. Sir Robert Ball is now perhaps tho most popu lar writer oil astronomy living. Somo authors liavo left it on record that their bruin was never so fertilo as in li railway train or nn omnibus, or a orowdod public thorough fare A woll-kiiowii novelist assures us that aftor loug experience lie finds a ehurch to bo tho plaoo whioh inspires him most, and ho lias, consequently, acquired a reputation for ohurch- going which ho prizes very highly. A now book about Mr. Ruskin is an an nouncement calculated to awaken somewhat mixed feelings ; but tlicro is u settling to unmixed satisfaction when one learns that tho uuthor is Dr. Charles Wuldatein, somo tiwo of tho Fitzwillinm museum ut Cambridge. Tiio titlo of his hook is "Tho Work of John Ruskin ; ils iuHucnco on Modem Thought and Life," and tho publishers uro Messrs. Hurper Bros. Bret Harto 1ms reached a point when literary work is impossible to. him except iu absolute solitude. When writing ho leaves his own lioine for suburban lodgings, whore lie visitor is allowed to trouble him, und wlicro ho follows a so vera routine of early rising, scant diet, and steady work. It lias boon generally remarked (says tho Sun Francisco Argonaut) that ono can sco this laborious regimen ill liis latter-day novels. Novelists have curious and various ways of studying the life they wish to depict. Mr. Thomas Hardy sponda much of bis time in tho kitchens of tho Dorsetshire labourers, who form tho groundwork of his hooks. Rudyard Kip ling haunted tho London East End in shabby clothes before ho sketched tho "Record of Badalia Herddsfoot." Mr. Zan'gwill, again, is touring with ii theatrical company to learn the ins und outs of tho profession. The question tho reviower asks himsolf con cerning most biographies is, Wus this man's life worth writing? And usually (says Academy) the answer in that it wos not: that tho preservation of liis memory had boen bettor attained by a mugazino articlo or a fow lines of truthful opituph. Yet tho mania for writing biographies— and publishing them, which is worse — is on tho inoreaso. Many a good man's memory is drowned iu futhomless volumes, from which it will never be restored. Tho famous " AVhitoker's Almanack " is now in its 30th year of publication. " Whitu- kcr " is edited by Mr. Gerald Whitakcr, and his principle is that every department of tbat remarkable book shall bo edited by tho host known expert in his particular lino. " Whita kcr" is becoming a very portly toino. Whon it first started it- wus a small pumphlet-liko production, but each year it bus waxed fntlor. A complete sot of "Whitokers" from the beginning is oxtremely rare, and fetches a high price. I doubt, indeed (says W. D. Ho wells), whether the ournings of literary men are absolutely as gteat as they wore curlier in tho century in any of tho English-spoiiking countries ; rela tively they are nothing like us great. Scott hud £8,000 for "Woodstock," whioh waB not ii very lwge novel, and was by no moans ono of his best, und £8,000 then had at least tho purchasing powers of £12,000 new. Moore had 3,000 guinensfor "LallaRoolth," but what publisher would bo rash onough to pay £5,000 for the masterpiece of a minor poet now. An uncommonly good stoiy concernin g Mr Gludstona as a book-hunter comes to our cars (says tho Daily Chronicle). Somo little time ago one of his famous marked vutalogues, ordering u batch uf books, was surcharged by the' post office, us being of tho. nature of a letter. It wus enclosed in a halfpenny wrapper, and bore tho G.O.M.'s customary scrap of writing, to forward tho volumes prioked off. The second- hand booksellor added tho extra postage — 2d., or thereabouts— to the account, and Mr. Gladstone paid up at onco. But ho relieved his feelings by having a morry hit at tho post office for its marvellous red- tapo. Tho picture of Mr. Arnold Morley, Postmaster-General, grinding "tuppence" out of his venerable ohief tho Prime Minister is altogether exoollont. The memory of Bebeocs Gratz, tho "Re becca" of "Ivanhoe," has been, revived re cently iu Philadelphia (says tho Record), where she wus once a charming old-time belle, by her brother's bequest for a Miokveh Israel Collogo. But, unknown to tho majority of Philadel- phiuus, two other monuments to her memory have been long standing in their midst. Rebecca Gratz founded the first Jewish Sunday sohool in the .world, at the timo when Robert Rnikcs in England and Wesley in America woro doing tho same sorvico tor the Protestant Church. She gathered 60 Jewish children of this city and taught them evory Sunday. That sohool, founded by her, still meets at Touro Hall," cornor of Tenth and Carpenter streets, und the membership has grown from 50 to 1,500, whilo a direot brunoh.fiourishcs at tho corner of Third street and Girard uvcuuo. Tho, Gratz mansion and oruhurd stood whore the street that took her father's namo now meets Dia- ;riond ; and it was there that she was first introduced to Washington Irving, who praised hor to Sir Walter Scott, who In his turn gavo. her, idealised, to the world. , 