7STEIY OF; CLEMENT DUNPAVENh BY JEAN MIDDLEIIAS, Authior ofA Girlina Tuousaad," "Touch and Go,'- "Seaed br a Kiss," By Pairb Means," etc. sill XI'ES STOOD IN FRO\T OP ELMIrA INS WKW&ID; aORATION. SYNOPSIS OF' PREVIOUS CIIIAPTERS. Ciur adns I. peD IL-Sir Louis Dunrare. of hboyne Court, has' two nepeos, Clement Dun Xlremand Piee oughal. The hcaronet wishe the fomer to marry Lnady iertrude Vershoyte, nod makes it a condition of him leaina him his property that he should propose to her at once. Io cooente, twithi aseret iorotr. Piero Vaougohanowho is loe with Gertrude, determines that he wtill diocover theseeretof his cousin, and accidentolltftlnd a note inthe following teros : "Dearest Clem.-Thanoh for your darling note. Iwaill meetyonu atthe usl place .OaTuesdov atdosk-Yor ever loin Uneta."e Clt meat does as his uncle leires him, and proooses to and isaccepedryrLsdyhiertede. PiereeVaneglan hears of the engaoement n-ith chogirin. As lie is ealhing in thie rosods tteing to coot his fe reyd brow he distinctlr sees an lotnge omnan leave therm. So eddeonly had she appearted and disappeared thot he oseems like a ghost. CiirreeoflIIIP Penr or- Cnrorrn IV.-Clement Danraten, after his enggementrwitr Lady Gertrude, visits a little cottage about four miles from Aboyne Court. nod there meett Lisheth Glendinnig. whom, inao kmomenmt,hehns madefhiswifs. teandoa ors under his altered circumstnces to maike his e, with her. and sheonsents not to interfre with n condition that the ithild. wtich is to e hborn to them, if a boy, shll snceed tothe title which rilt -eventoatlly be his. CHAPTER IV.-(Coerrwstncs.) Clement had done alt he fould to have the date of his nuptials fixed much later, but Sir Louis insisted on January the i10th, and Sir LoIsb would not he contradicted. This as the irsat time Pieroe Vanghad had m-seen his cousin ean the eovening of the ena gagement, and ho was paricularly struck by his changed appearsnce, for chaged Clement Innraven was, and no one knew it better than himself, whenever he looked in the glass. The fnrens onhisiao had deeenda -the hair on his temples had gene quito grey. Any woman lees in love than Lrdy Ger tronde would have sifted the matter to ito foundation, but Lady Gertrude was mo'gninaut only of Clement's perfections, and 00 ,glorionly happy at the idea of being his wife, that sheo ouw no trouble ahead. When once or twice Etlviora Delaeno had -suggested that there might be asoethig wrong, she had silenced her n an grily that her friend dare venture on no further re. marks. The two men walked a fow steps towards the housne, in a silence which was broken at last by Pierce Vaughan saying, "I rolled at -thu Glendinningo' cottage as I came through ColeshilL. I was anstonished to find that the old man was dead, and the youngwoman had flitted." The color deepened en Clement's foe, ,though he made a vigorous effort to remain impassive and to speak as nusal. "Yes. Josh Gtolendinnoin g has been dead Soame weeks, and I believe the girt has -gone to London." "Do you knots her addressl" "oI-no-why should I know her address i What do youe want it for?" Clement trned \--on his couoin much as though he wore a tiger at hay. "Well, you need not set angry, old man. I used to think once that you were a bit sweet on Liebeth Glendinning, and that therefore you might know where she had gone." "Sweet on Lioheth Glendinning? You -don't know what you are taking about, fPierce. I you ever dare to say that again I'll cram your words down your threat. Becauese you e a blnckguard and have secret affairs and euspicioun moeetigs with -girls youroel, you think every follow dots the same."' Pierce Vaughan smiled. He was so do lighted at having ourprised the usually genial Clement into a temper that to Blnered over the imputation en his own sociat cha rsater. " O onrsOe my dear Cliem," hoe o iad, speaking blandly, "I doe not mean for a moment to insinuate that now you are going to be married you will allow your fancy to -rest on a girl like Lisboeth Glendining, handsome and virtuous altheugh we know her to be. All the morereason why you can gtve me her address in London. You might do so, inoe Iam in no way hampered by an engagement to a Lady Gertrude." A fierce oath was Clhment'o answer to this request, followed by She nnequivocal no sertion that hi know naught of Lisbeth's \- address. An assertion which Pierce Vaughan be. lieved none the more for she truly tempos. -tuous manner in which it wae made, " Alltright-all rirht," he said soothingly, "we wil not tale any morse about her einco the subject irritates yon. It is annoying to think that one cannot enjoy all the good things of life atthe same moment. Perhape I am the happier fellow of the two, since the Fates bestow bnt fow enjoyments on me." aClement Danravcn looked for a moment, as though he were inclined to reply to this irritant in soothing tones by a blow, but he .resirained himself. and without another word being spoken, the two men went up to the library window, at which Sir Louis waso standing. The thoughte which had been surging in both their brains during the short walk was .scarcely enviable. llont cortainly Clement felt abut as desperate as if hu were a con , demne felon, and Pierce Vaughan was more than ever certain that if he directed his detective proclivities aright, he would odis cover something that might prevent the marriage. He had not much time to do it- in, worse larck If only he had cme down to ahoyne -Court a little earlier ! Bet he bad been deteined in town by some business which, alter all, would not bring any great amount of griet to the milL It would have been much better to have followed matters up at Ahoyno Court and tried to oust Clement both from his uncle's and his lady love's affections. He had, however, nearly twenty days before -the wedding; a good deal might be accom plished in twenty days. Sir Louts received him with muo show of affeotion. -He was always rather gushing to Pierce, porhaps he thought in this way to make up to a certain extent for the absence of -coin. Not but that he fully intended to leave him something, though by no means solarge A sam as greedy Pierce would appreciate. For a few seconds while he stood talking to his uncle, Clement having left them, -he was 362 inclined to tell the old man his 'suspicions about Clement's affairs, but he decided that it would probably make him wish to hasten instead of delay the marriage. No, he thought he might accomplish Clement Dun. raven's uoin in some far more effectual way, and he smiled to himself as he suddenly decided what be would do if other means failed. But this was a last resource. Before he fired a final shot he would watch Clement closely, bribe servants, pay detectives if need were, in order to discover whether he held any further communication with the houri of the cottage, whose address he had so angrily protested that he did not know. But had Clement spoken falsely when he mode this statement? It was quite true that Lisbeth had gone to London, money having been supplied by Clement, and that during several intervioews they had had after that agonising one, it had been decided that it were better for them both that he should for the present remain ignorant of her where abouts. There was little dtubt that he would know his fate quite soon enough. Watching Clement was, Pierce Vaughan decided, very unsatisfactory since he found ost nothinas, that he did not know before. Clement, in his lonely hours, when he thought himself unwatched and unnoticed, was the very picture of misery and despair; when he was in society, especially in the pre sence of Lady Gertrude, he managed to wake himself up to a state of excitement bordering on frenzy. Yet all this time he never went to London, no Pierce's plans for watching him were absolutely useless. The day was fast approaching for the wedding, and as it gre nearer both the cousins became more and more pre-occupied, but athwart the happiness of Sir Louis and Lady Gertrude there lay no cloud. Clement was evidently expeoting some communication, as whenever a letter or tele gram was brought into the room he changed color and looked intensely uncomfortable; this Pierce Vaughan would have found out almost without watching him as closely as he di Yet nothing came; no means were afforded of solving the mystery that hung over Clement. In consequence of his disappointment in not finding out something tangible that would mar his cousin's prospects, Pierce Vaughan took to sitting up at night in his own room. That is, he wrote one short note over and over again, each time being more dissatisfied with his hand-writing. After a Ecord night, however, spent in the same fashion, he accomplished his task to his liking, and the note was finally written and addressed. All the copies of it were carefully burned. On thefollowing morning he said he was going up to town for a few hours, could he do anything for anyoneP His uncle gave him one or two commiseions in connection with the wedding which was to takeplacein a few days, and he went off in high spirits. Clement had gone to Lord Melbary'splace, Crichton Towers, for two or three days, and was not to return to Aboyno Court until the evening before the wedding. It was probably because he was not there to be watched that Pierce Vaughan had chosen that moment for going to London, and also because he was at Crighton Towers, and the bomb Pierce was preparing for Lady Gertrude would certainly be more efficient if Clement were present. The party at Crichton Towers was a merry one. Elvirsa Delane was its centre. She kept everyone amused, everyone laughing, even Clement in his grimmest moods was compelled to be fascinated by bright Elvira Delane. Elvie's gay spirits were, however, some thing like his own, called up in order to con ceal perturbation of spirit. She hated and dreaded this marriage almost as much as he though tho had not the wherefore nlwsays at her heart as Clement bad. "I would give the biggest diamond my father ever gave me if I could stop it even now," she said to herself as she was dressing for dinner and the maid was clasping a riviere round her swan-like throat, Mr Delano's last gift to his spoilt child, " but there isn't a chance; poor little Gerty, she looks happy enough now, but this day year I dread to think what her feelings will be. Then a knock at the door nrrested her soliloquy. "See who that is, Jnlie," she said, addressing the French maid. "Letters, Mademoiselle, by the second post." Three or four were handed to Elvira, and before opening she tossed them over on her table. "This one is for LidJ Gertrude. How careless to bring it here/ "Shall I take it to her ladyship, Made moiselle P' "No. Iam going toher room as soon as I am dressed." Meantime shab looked attentively at the letter. "What queer writing," she murmured. " It ia-well, it is no business of mine." Five minutee later she went to Lady Ger trade's room with the letter in her hand. It was rather late, and she hadgonedownitairs. In a little boudoir near the drawingroom Elvira esw her, taking to Clement. They were discussing the important arrangement of some flower vases. Miss Delane went in and gave her the letter. Lady Gertrude made the same remark her friend had done. "What queer writing! I wonder who it is from P" Then she tore it open. A scrap of paper fell out on to the carpet at her feet. Clement Dunraven stooped down and picked it up. As he did so his eyes feJionthe words, "Darling Clem," and the signature, " Beta." It was the note Pierce Vaughan had picked up under the old tree in the wood. SCHAPTER V.-Pxar.m Wrn FrtE. The morning of the 10th January, and the snn shone brightly. Lady Gertrude's wedding day. All Coles. hill had turned out in gala dress. The marriage of the Earl's daughter was an event of far greater magnitude than frequently occurred in that quiet neighborhood. "Happy is the bride the ann shines on," said the good wives as they greeted each other in the High-street, and none of them doubted the happiness that was in etore for Lady Gertrude with that handsome genial young fellow, Sir Louis' nephew. If they could only have penetrated behind the veil that concealed the real stats of affairs from the outer world, would not dread rather than hope have overtaken that now smiling throng? Elvira Delane was chief bridesmaid. As she donned her lovely dress of soft white silk with the touchee of pink and green so deftly introduced by Parisian fingers, there was a feeling very near akin to sorrow at her heart. She conuld not forget the scene in the bondoir after she had given Lady Gertrude the letter in the queer writing. It was more present than ever toher mind on the morning of the wedding. " Why should Gertie marry Clement in spit of every warning? It is so unreason able, so ilogical." Would Elvira herself be more logical when love, the great enslaver, had taken firm possession of her? Probably not; yet she would not be so entirely carried away by her feelings as was Lady Gertrude. Anonymous the letter enclosing Beta's assuredly was, yet Beta's letter was written to Clement, and the explanation he gave of it would not have satiasfied practical Elvira. He told her it was a by-gone foolish fancy, the heroine of which had been dead this many a year. If intendingwives dipped too closely into young men's past lives-no woman would ever marry at all. Had he not told Lady Gertrude when he proposed to her that he wasunworthy of a place in her affections, yet abshe had said shabe would trust him. Yes, and she would trnet him now, and, re gardlees of Elvira's presence, she threw her arms round his neck and bade him forget that she had ever seen that intrusive missive. And so there was not even a check to the marriage preparations, and the lovers, for lovers they still were, seemed more closely allied than before that letter reached the Flaneee. The explanation was a feeble one, Elvira thourht, rendered ten times more feeble by the ashen tint Clement lnnraven's features had assumed, while he was called upon to give it. Nor did the color return to his face when, by Lady Gertrude's request, he walked to the fire to burn the communica tion. By happy legerdemain he burnt Beta's letter only, and managed to slip the anony. mous missive into his pocket for future inves tigation as to its author. "It is burnt, and there is an end," said Lady Gertrude, "now let us think of it no more," and with her back to the fire she went on arranging her flowers. But little escaped Elvira's sharp eyes. She saw the letter was suppressed, and she won dered then as she did now what trouble would come of it in the future. No suspicions of Pierce Vaughan having had any hand in the matter came to her, how ever, as it did to Clement, but then Eivira acknowledged a sneaking tendrease for Pierce, and she would not have believed him respon siblo of underhand doings, whereas Clement hated him, and knew full well when he read those letters that his deadliest enemy in the future would be the cousin who considered himself robbed of his inheritance. . If ever PierceVaughan discovered aught of Clement'seafirt marriage, what chance would there be of his being saved from a felon's dock ? At present, however, his shaft had missed aim, and Clement was still acknowledged the luckiest and happiest man in Christendom. And so he looked, as, seated beside his uncle, he drove through Coleshill to the church. But for weeks, almost months. Clement had not appeared so like his old genial cheery self as he did to-day. His face was as cloudless as the sky, and if anyone had misgivings about the future of this marriage, it apparently was not the bridegroom. le had that morning received a communi. oation from Lisboth; the infant was a girl, born to inherit her mother's sorrows and set her father free. Clement had nothing now to fear; he die regarded Pierce, who could never discover the truth, for Lisbeth was true as steel; where once she had pledged her word it was given for aye. How strange it is that many people who are absolutoely unprincipled about keeping a promise believe so thoroughly in the good faith of others. As Clement Dunraven walked up the aisle of the church and took his place at the altar to await his bride he blessed Liebeth for the weight of anxiety and care she had taken from his mind. Never, for an instant, did he bestow one thought on theterriblelifelong burden he had given her to carry. It was all over, the nuptial knot was tied, and the rich tones of the organ were welling forth the wedding march as Mr and Lady Gertrude Danraven walked to the carriage, drawn by four white horses, that was wait. ing for them at the dloor. They both looked as happy as newly-mademan and wife should look, as amid many a hurrah and "long live the happy couple," they drove away through the triumphal arches that had been erected in their honor. Immediately behind the chief actors in the events of the day followed the bridesmaids and their attendant grooms. Elvira Delane came first, leaning on the arm of Pierce Vaughan. They both seemed pre-occupied, and were thinking more of those others than of them selves, until they were startled into a recol lection of the actual by a bystander on the church steps, who remarked " Another handsome couple; perhaps that will be the next marriage in Coleekill." She was not given to self-consciousness, yet a deep blush spread over Elvra'se pretty intelligent face, as she heard the words, but boa could it be otherwise, as Pierce Vaughan turned his head and Icoked at her fixedly. What did the glance mean ? Was he ask ing her if she were wdling, or was he con sidering whether the hint were not a good one, and that it would he wise to shelve hatred and revenge for a while, leave the Dunrvecns to their own miserable fate, and seek to win old Delane's dsughter and her pote of gold f Hetred, however, beat love out of the field that day. " There was time enough to win Elvira," he decided, since in his conceit be felt pretty sure sha loved him. Thus he lost the golden opportunity, for Elvira saw the hesitation, and resolved to make the wooing, it wooing it ever became, a difficult cue. ' Those who teach must act up to their own lersons," she thought. " Nevef never-never will I follow in Gertie's foot steps, and, being infatuated with any man, become blind to his foibles." And in pursdanoe of her theory she gave all her attention for the rest of the day to Sir Miles Berkely, who was the suitor favored by her father, but whom, until that hour, Elvira had elected to snub. Sir Mlilea was not a man of the world like Pierce Vaughan, but a shy, unsophisticated MIodus, who was only too thankful to be taught the art of love, of which he did not even know the radiments. This, capricious Miss Elvira Dolane, who was rather bored now that the wedding was over, thought would be fine fun, especially as she hoped it would make Pierce Vaughan jealous. So she conducted Sir Miles into the con servatory. She did not consider. as she did so how dangerous it was to play with edged tools, not but that she would have been quite as ready had she stopped to soont the cost, for Elvira Delane was placky, and loved excitement for exoitoment's sake. It would have been difioult to ditsover where the danger lay in flirting with Sir Miles Berke ley, than whom there was not a better follow in the breadth and length of the king dom. Hle would iever have left a woman in the lrch as Clement Donraven had done, or sent an anonymoas letter in order to try and break oil a marriage. He weod have scorned such asts, and thought that men capable of them were not it to be spoken to. It was his strict sense of honor and high integrity that made Elvira's new amusement of playing with fire all the more dangerous. He was a little bit astonished at being sought out for preference on this occasion, asince he had been worshipping Elvira from afar for a long time, and had received but little encouragement. He was, nevertheless, too delighted to question or cavil. Elviralooked lovely in her prettynew frook sa she sat coquettishly, her head a little on one side, gazing at him from amid the gergeous azaleas by which she was mar rndel. Sir Milesa stood in front of her in awkward adoration. He.was a big, fleshy man, over six feat, with a large face beaming with good nature, and yet by no means wanting in intellideoce. Intelligence, that is, of a certain sort. Sir Miles was very long. headed, political economy, stautes, the managsement of land, and all aorta of "dry as dust rsubjects, as Elvira called them, he had at his fingers' ends, but making conversation in a lady's bondoir was not his forte, and lounging among the luxurious foliage in that well-stocked conservatory he seemed totally out of place. Elvisalooked at himas he stood before her, and was provoked, though flattered, by the homage. "Why on earth don't you sit down," she said a little sharply. "I wanttotalkto you, and it is impossible to converse with a man who is standing about looking uncom fortable." he fetched a rustic stool from a distant corner, and perching himself on It looked rather more uncomfortable than he had done before. Elvira burst out laughing. "If anyone comes through here and sees as I wonder what they will think," she said. " Why ? Is there anything so very odd thatwe -" " Oh, pray don't say 'we,' Sir Miles. I am all right, quite like other people, thank youen. It is you who are odd, perched up on that stool like a naughty boy who has been repri manded." He laughed now and did not attempt to move. " Quite true," he said, "I have been re primanded, but I rather like it from you, please go on. Tell me what I ought to do, and how I ought to behave." "Gracions, it would take so long. You will require a vast amount of training before you are like any other man." The baronet looked a little crest-fallen for a moment. "Dear me,"he rohrmured, " I am sorry, I suppose vanity has possessed me, hut I did not know I was so inferior." "Inferior!" cried Elvira, jumping up from the half-recumbent position from which she had been watching him out of the corners of her eyes. "I did not sat you were inferior, I said you were not like other men.' -" Well, surely the inference is that I am therefore inferior to them." " Not a bit of it. You are quite a different typo altogether. I don't feel at all suro that you are not very superior; anyway, Ilike you best ,s you are. To change would be to spoil you." A hot color mounted Sir Miles' large face at these words, accompanied as they were, on Elvira's part, by a very expressive twinkle in her pretty eyes. " Tou like me as I am," he stammered. SOh, I am so glad." The possibility that she was only amusing herself at his expense never entered his honest head; while the sort of shy pleasunre she was apparently giving him, instead of stopping her somewhat cruel sport, induced her to go on with it. "Of course I like yon, Sir Miles; you are not conceited as all the other men are. "No, no; but then, Miss Delane. I have not much to be conceited about. I shall be changed from this day, though; I shall be awfully conceited." " Inaeed-wbat about?" " About you having told me that I am different to other men, and therefore that you like me." "Bravo, Sir Miles, you are eclipsing them all to-day in pretty speeches, and I always thought you were too shy to look at, much less to speak to a woman." "Oh, Miss Delane, I have always looked at you, and I have no doubt 1 should have summed up courage to tell you how much I admired you-only you never gave me the opportunity." " And now you have got one, you are de termined to make use of it, oh! Well. I never expected to hear you say so much." "There is a reat deal more I could say." He looked so like forthwith making a de claration that she was compelled to stop him. "Oh, no !" she cried, " not to-day. I shall get quite vain if I have any more admiration at my feet to-day. I have already -, but then, of course, you have nothing to do with that, and it is not fair to tell tales to one man about another." So there was another. He sighed, and did not speak for a second or two, then he asked a very leading quloestion. "I wonder which man of all those you know you like the best-or whether you really like anyone?" "I am going to sleep with my bit of Gertie's wedding cake under my pillow for three nights, and, of course, I shall dream of my fate. Four days from now I ihall probably boeable to answer that question ; that is, if the revelation is not of so thrilling a nature that it will be impossible to make ii." "Do you really believe in dreams and nsuperstitions?" asked Sir Miles, still terribly in earnest, notwithstanding her bantering tone. "Now I ask you," she answeredlaughing. " would life be worth living without spesula tions? As well speculate on what a bit of oake will reveal as on the stock exchange ora racecourse. Suppose now you were to try it. If I give you a bit of wedding cake will you put it under your pillow for three nighte and tell me your dreams?"' Such folly was most unlike staid, serious, sober-minded Sir Miles, but even the gravest man is weak in the hands of the woman he loves, and Sir Msles Berkely had for some time past imagined himself to be very much in love with bright, sauny Elvioa Delans. To 0E COnTITNDED.) 