TIlE BITE OF THE COBRA. I wonder what sort of a sensation it is to be bitten by a cobra and know that one must die in a half hour or so, drawled out Capt. Gordon, as he puffed lazily at his cheroot on the verandah of the O)ne Hundred and Ninth Hussars' mess at Fvzabad. It was after the mess dinner and the regimental band had bagged their in struments and gone silently away into the- hot stifinig night. Half a dozen ofihers were reclining in long-sleeved chairs, their feet up on the arms and pegs, with plenty of ice, standing in lon glasses like grim sentries, to keep the demon thirst away. WelL I know exactly how it feels, chipped in Binge-Binge, the stoic, as hbe was called- with an earnestness that fairly took away Gordon's breath. Yes, added the new speaker, I have been there, as they say. but language cannot convey the full horror of the feel;ng. It was years ago, when Ifirst came out to join, and we were stationed in Burmah. I was on special duty out in the jungle, and where we were located was the snakes' paradise. Hardly a day passed that we did not kill one or more either in or about the bungalow. It was a continual cry of 'iSamp hai, sahib' (a snake, sir), with a regular clearing out of all servants. It really seemed that all the poison ous snakes in India had agents doing business in that part. Immense boas, sleepy, devilish karaitee, vicious asps and adders, and now and then a cobra, chock full of fight. No man thought of putting on his boots without giving them a good shake first, and even clothes were inspected atarm'slength. I received a rare shock one day-a sort of preliminary canter to the cobra episode I am about to relate. I had joist finished my bath and was pulling :onr anian over my head when a huge centipede lost his hold inside of it and rolled down my back. Ugh I it made my flesh creep to look at the loathsome poisonous thing. Another time I found a cast off skin of some poisonous snake on the edge of my bed just outside of the monjerie (mosquito curtain), that had been probably slipped off while I slept. You will understand that fresh out from home, as I was, all this sort of thing crept into my dreams; sleeping meant one long, continuous nightmare. The bungalow was the usual style of things in Burmah, bamboo and leaves. It was raised some seven or eight feet from the ground on posts ; but this only seemed to tempt some unwelcome guests to climb up and nest in the leaves of the thatched roof. During the dry weather they lived in the ground in holes which a mistaken sort of providence provided for them, and when the big rains set in they were drowned out and came to the bungalow as a nice dry place to live in. One hot sweltering night, I was lying in a state of half asleep and half heat stupor, when I suddenly became aware that a dark, flat object, in which gleamed two spots of malignant light was moving up along my right leg just between it and the moujerie. I could just see it over my limb, and the blood in my veins simply froze with horror as I realised that it must be either a cobra or a karaite. The body of the serpent was evidently in the bed and the head elevated just enough to watch my face. A queer constrictive sort of feeling shot up and down my scalp and the hair stood out straight, I am sure. There are no words in which I can convey the slightest idea of the full measure of loathsome horror which took possession of me and turned me sick with the intensity of its dreadfulness when I recognized that I was shut up in that curtain with, and completely at the mercy of one of those death-dealing fiends. i dared not more a muscle-to callout meant death, for were he roused either by fear or anger, he would deal out death to the nearest living object with the rapidity of lightning. My hand was lying down beside my thigh and already I could feel his cold, slimy body movingover it. If my blood was frozen hefere, this chilled the very marrow in my bones. I could see very little, but the light of the flickering lamp which hung in the verandah opposite my room door, beyond that flat, swaying head, set like a fiend's toy with those devilish eyes. I felt that I could not stand it much longer. I should become a raving manaic if something did not happen soon. I almost wished that he would strike and end the dreadful suspense. I knew that he would not voluntarily leave the bed all night, and would most probably coil himself up on my chest and remain there. One year, two years, ten years, I lay thus, with the brute drawing his interminable length over my hand-yes, ten yCears for next day I was ten years older and my hair, which was black when I went to bed, was as gray as it is now. Then Imust have moved my hand, for tihe fiend struck-without warning and with such devilish rapadity that I saw nothing, only felt the sharp, lance like thrust in my thigh. With a rush my blood, which had been standing still in my viens, I think went tearing through my body again, and before my horrified cry had ceased to ringthrough the bungalow, I was standing on the floor clearofthe wrecked moujerie. As I sprang from the bed when lie struck I felt his body go hurtling over my head up against the pillow as I threw up the arm he had been lying on. Brown-Bangle Brown as he was called then, because hle ulsed to wear a silver bangle on his left wrist that some girl had given him-was calling from the next roos 'Who is there ?I who is there?' and the whole busnga low was soon in a turmoil. Cold drops of perspiration rolled down my fore head, and my face was like the face of a dead man, Brown said, when I went into his room, where he had a light. Have you seen a ghost ? he asked. Worse than that, I replied. I have been bitten by a cobra. Nonsense, man, he ejaculated, you have been dreaming, but his face was ashy pale now, too. Here are the marks of his fangs, I said, as I bared my thigh; and there, sure enough, were two tiny punctures and a drop of blood oozing from one. There could be no doubt about it now-his light had swept away, the last vestige of hope. All that remained to do was to make a futile effort to stay the deadly poison. Already I could feel a peculiar twitching sensation where the linds run from the nose down past the corners of the mouth: and there wasa dull tugging sort of pain in my heart, a feeling as though the.blood was being forced through it at an increased pressure. My head was dizzy and my eyes hot andblurrd, and it was with the greatest diffiaulty that I could~ kLeep my mind from wandering. I could hiaidly articulate a word and when I did manage to speak I would say what I did not mean-using the wrong word. It was evident that the poison was beginning to paralyze my brain; and already I felt an almost unconquerable desire to lie down and go to sleep. By this time Brown and the others were thoroughly awake to the serious ness of the case and had started in to do all in their powertosave me. Brown was a sort of amateur surgeon and always carried a small apothecary establishment with him. I saw him whip out a lancet and look at~ne in a questioning way. I nodded and in an instant he had the piece surrounding the bite out and his lips applied to the gaping wounds. Here, gentleman, is the scar, and Bings displayed an ugly looking cicatrice that bore unmistakable testi mony to the heroic course of treatment Brown had, adopted. Young Balston brought me a peg, in desperation, that would have made one of those Bengalie Baboos who punish a bottle of bazaar brandy at a single sitting, yell with anguish. He admitted to me afterwards that Baloo, the bearer, had told him to give me a strong dose of red pepper and whisky, for it had cured a brother of his once. He had tasted it himself and it was simply liquid fire diluted with whisky, but to me it was only as water. Giving me a dose of permanganate of potassium, Brown placed me in the hands of two Sepoy orderlies, with strict orders to keep me going, swearing that he wauld shoot the lrst man that let me stop-for to rest for an instant meant certain death. Now, lads, let's kill the devil, he said, when he had done all he could to save me ; we shall find him coiled up in the bed waiting for another victim. At these words a sudden fury took possession of me and I said Let me be in at the death-I will kill him before I die myself. Grabbing the lamp and a stout stick I rushed into my room, followed rather cautiously by the others. I flashed the light on the bed, holding the stick poised aloft for a quick, strong blow, but there was no object there to vent my fury upon. Then I remembered that I had thrown him up over my head when I jumped from the bed. Telling Brown to throw the pillow over with a quick movement, I held the lamp in my left hand and stood ready to give his cobraship his quietus with a powerful blow. Quick as a flash the pillow was jerked to the other end of the bed and there was a rush of a dark brown body, with the devilish eyes gleaming like two baleful sparks. Thestick dropped from my nerveless grasp and I tumbled to the floor in a heap. It was only a rat ! The perspiration broke out all over my body and I was as limp as a rag, The nerves, strung up to the tension that they had been, suddenly gave way and I could only sob out, hysterically, Let him go-don't kill him, pleaset I could hear Brown's deep- drawn Thank God i and in the general sense of relief the rat was allowed to escape. That is how it feels to be bitten by a cobra, concluded Binge, as near as I can describe it.- Detroit Free Pres. 