(JLhiltonH Ctflumtt* A DESPERATE FIGHT. BV PAUL HULL. One of the most thrilling events in tbe history of military courage is that of Korbe's Drift, where less than 100 English infantry held their ground against and ultimately defeated 3,000 of the bravest and beat disciplined savapesin King L'ety wave's army. I) J ring the Zulu war of 1370 two liautenan»s iBromhead and Chard), with eightysix men under their command, were eent out oa a foraging expedition from their camp on the Buffalo River. Two days later, laden with the spoils of tneir raid, they started back. While ascending a hill over which the trail ran, three columns, each composed of not less than 1,000 warriors, were seen following up the spoor (track) of the soldiers. Against Buch an agile aud unencumbered foe flight was hopeless. A place presenting some natural advantages for a stubborn defence having been observed but a short distance back, the little party retraced its maroh and proceeded to fortify it with the means at its command. The packhorses were killed to serve as the foundation of a barricade, and on top of them were tied tbe bags of mealies (African com) with which they had been bnrdened. Before these crude defences could be entirely completed the Zulus, necessarily merged into one column of attack owing to the defile through which they were compelled to charge, oame swarming up tbe pass. " Aim low, and pour it into 'em, boys!" was the order, and pour it into them they did. For several minutes the rush l&Bted;, yet not a man appeared to advance beyond a certain line. It was like the horse in the treadmill, who keep3 continually moving, but fails to gain a foot. So it was with the Zulus, for the quick volleys mowed tbe head ranks down as though _eome mighty scythe in giant hands was swung with pendulum regularity across the path of the oncoming host. Soon between the fort and the enemy a new barrier commenced to grow—a barrier of dead and dying men, up to which the marching companies advanoed only to swell the gruesome heap. Baffled and amazed, the savage horde at length swung back out of range, but not for long. .Ther3 was not a warrior among them but knew full well that Oetywayo would put them to the spear if they came baok defeated, so it was bg well to die ill battle as to offer themselves a sacrifice to the contempt and passion of their ohief. After a time those within the entrenchment caught the faraway sound of an ominous murmuring, which presently swelled into the dreaded war cry— the song those wild warriors sing only when they marsh to viotory or annihilation. Then they appeared in their original formation of three columns on the plain beyond the mouth of the pase, their ox-bide shields across their breasts, and tbeir - great stabbing assegais (spears) held a lUtlo in advance. So they came on until they choked the entrance of the gdoh ; then the two rear oolumns halted, and the front one crying, " Bulala umlungo !" (kill the white men!) charged. Those who reached the human barricade threw down their shields, through which the bullets passed with ease, seized the lifeless forms of their comrades, and oontinued to advance, sheltered from the fire of the soldiers by the bodies of the dead. Many cf the Zulus in this way succeeded in reaching the foot of the breastworks, but in order to leap the same they were compelled to expose themselves to the deadly fire .of the breechloaders, and although several of them gained the enolosure by vaulting over the barrioade it was only to be impaled on the' glittering bayonets that fringed the wall. Again thwarted and amazed that their courage availed them not, the remnant of the column retreated slowly and sullenly down the pass, some of the Zulas halting every few yards in the midstof the fire, whtnhoontinued to waste them away, to shake their spoars at the little band. "We must make this wall higher, lade," said the officers when the last i< Zulu had gained the foot of the hill. "Jump out here, and pile these bodies on." There was no lack of material, and in a short time the barricade was raised so high that a number of the dead were thrown inside to serve as a platform for the soldiers to stand on and eight their rifles over the top. Shortly after this the sun went down; then t he soldiers knew that they would not be again assaulted until the daybreak ; for tbe ZuIub that was certain to be guarded well. So the brave company took a pitifully email pull at the precious liquid in their canteene, and after tjie sentries had been posted stretched their ezhaiusted bodies on the rocky' floor, and with a dead Zulu for a pillow sought the rest that was to strengthen them for the desperate struggle on the morrow. .*»•>!» believe that at night the air is fnll of ghosts, and although they are, probably, the physhal superior of any other race, and endowed n^h a courage which often approaches the lime, darkness has the effect of forcing them to give full rein to their superstitious fears, and eo they gather in squads around their little camp fires, finding comfort in companionship. After the night bad fallen the question of retreat was considered but soon abandoned, for it was seen that to escape it would be necessary to gain tbe open country by stealing -down and out through the pass Just before the eastern ety^vgan10 pale the soldiers were awakened, ana none"too soon; for, thinking to take the garrison by eurpriBe, the Zulus were to be observed creeping up the j defile. A belching line of fire told "them that their,object was hopeless. The sun was over an hour high before they . made their first charge; then, although killed, wounded and swept - back, they oame tup again and again . only to b9 torn and shattered by the awful showers of leaden hail poured upon them from behind the bulwarks of their own-dead. Throughout the day every storming' device known to the men trained in carnage was adopted by them, but without success; and when the seoond night came on the Zulus could count tbe cost of their desperate valour by the hundreds of men who ojirpeted the pass. During the day tbe soldiers, driven to it by the scorching heat,, had consumed the little roter remaining in' their canteens, and now another long night was t^pass without a drop to moisten their parched throats' and oracked and bleeding lips. "Lieutenant.," said one of the men, "Jet me go and try to (ill a few canteens. I may get through, and if I don't—why then I'll know I've done jny«duty." "No, no, man; if we are to die we'll all die . together," was tae answer he-received. \- At last tbe morning came (and wore away. Were the wily savages playing possum among tbe rockc, hoping by stratagem to gam what their courage had not been equal to? Did they expect the soldiers to <. believe that they had given up the fight and left them to make their way back to o∓ in safety? . Tbe midday sun, EO near the zenith, that failed to cast a shadow shot down its burning arrows upon the devoted band, whose blood shot eyes lcopt iv&tch; behind the putrid bodies of their foes. Ooe of the men motioned—-fospeeob was not possible — that he would creep dowu tbe pass and see if the Zulus had really gone. His officers did not deter him, for tbey knew that unless water was to be bad shortly few of them would be alive when another morning broke. Climbing over the barrioade the brave fellow made his way warily along until he neared the outlet; then, leaning bis rifle against a boulder, he gst down on his hands and knees and crept to the opening. Several minutes passed, then his anxious suffering comrades saw him jump to his feet, swing his arms to them, and walk boldly out on the plain. Had the condition of their throats permitted a cheer of victory and thanksgiving would bave shaken the boulders of Korke's Drift. In another moment the entire garrison were swarming down the hill to plunge tbeir fevered faces into the leaping, .laughing waters that sported among the rocks. It afterwards became known that, the three Zulu regiments defeated et Rorice'e Drift were fully equipped for a long campaign, and were on their way to attack the settlements of Pietermaritzburg and Durban when they came across and followed up tbe track of the - foraeing party. The two days* figb t so thinned their ranks thai the original design was abandoned, and the whole Natal territory was thus -saved frpm destruction and the inhabitants from massacre. For their gallant conduct in thiB affair tbe two officers wore brevetted majors, and honours were awarded to their men. —Harper's Yoxrng People. 