misconceptions. Br Hkmry Harland. I. Theodore Vellan had been oat of England for more than 30 years. Thirty odd years ago the set ho lived in had been startled and mystified liy his sudden flight and disappearanoa. At that tima his position bore had scorned a singularly nloasant one. He was young — lie was 27 or 28 ; ho was fairly well off — ho had something like £3000 a year, indeed ; ho belonged to an excel lent family, th. Shropshire Vellnns, of whom the titled head, Lord Vellan of Norshingfleld, was his unole ; he was good looking, amiable, amusing, popular ; and bo had just won a seat in tlie House of Commons (as junior member for Shelfingliam), whore, slnoe ha was believed to be ambitious as well as elaver, it was generally rxpsot.d that ha would go far. Then, quite suddenly, he bod applied for the Ohiltern Hundreds, and left England. Hit motives for this unlikely onurse he explained to no one. To a few intimate friends lie wroto brief letters of farewell. " X am off for a journey round the world. I shall be gone an indefinite time." The indefinite time ended by defining itself as upwards of 30 years, for the first 20 of whioh only his solicitor and hie bankers could have given you hi. address, and tbey wouldn't. For tlie last 10, he was under stood to be living in the island of Porto Rico, and planting sugar. Meanwhile his undo had died, and his cousin (his uncle's only son) had succeeded to the poersge. But tbe other day hie oouein, too, had died, aud diod childless, ao. that tho estates and dignitiei had devolved upon himself. With that a return to England be- oame an obligation ; thore wore a. score of minor beneiislaiUs under his oousin's will, whose legaoies oould.not, without great delay, be paid unless til. new lord was at hand. IL Mrs. Bandryl-Krmpton sat bofore the firo In her wide, airy, fnded drawingroom, and thought of the Theodore Vellan of old days, and wondered what the present Lord Vellan would be like. She bad got a not. from him that morning, despatched from Southampton the day' bofore, onnounoing, "I .hall be in town to-morrow— at liowden's Hotel, in Cor k-e trout," and asking when he might come to lior. She had answered by telegraph, " Oomo and dine at oight ' to night," to whioh ho had wired baok an accep tance. Thorsupon, she had told liar son that lie must dine at hia club ; and now nhe.wae seated bsforo her fire, waiting for Theodore Vollan to arrive, and thinking of 30 yean ago. She was a bride then; and her husband, her brother Paul and Theodore Vellan were bound in a league of ardent yonng-mannish friendship, a friendship that dated from the time when they had been undergraduates' together at Oxford. She thought of the three handsome, happy, tslontsd young men and of , the brilliant future alio had foreseen for each of thorn, her husband at tlie- Bar, ber brother in the ohuroli, .and Vollan —not in potitios, she ouuld never understand - his political aspirations, they iconied quite at odd. with th. rost of his oharaeter— but in literature, as -a post, for he wrote verses which alio considered very' unusual and pleasing. She thought of this, and thon she remembered that her husband was dead, that her brother was dead, ' and that Theodore Vollan had been dead to ills world, at all events, for 30 yeara. Not one of them had in any way distinguished himself, ; not one had in any measure fulfilled ..the promise of 'his youth. Her memorlos wore awcet and bitter ; they made her heart glow and ache. Vellan, ha' she recalled him, had been, before all things, gentle. He was witty, he bad humor,' lie had imagi nation ; but ho was, before alt tilings, gentle— witii tho gentlest voice, the gentlest eyes, tho gentlest manners. Hia gentlancss, she told herself, was the ehief element of his oharm— his gentleness, whioh was really a phaae of bia modesty. " Ho was very gentle, h« was very modest, ho was very graceful and kind," Bho said ; and she remembered a hundred instanoes of his gentleness, Ids modesty, his kindness. Ob, but he was no milksop. He had planty of spirit, plenty of fun ; he was boyish, h. could romp. And at that a scene repeated Itself to lior mind, a scene that had passed in this same drawingroom more than 30 yeara ago. It waa tea time, and on the tea table lay ' a dish of poarl biaouits, and ho and lior husband : and Vellnn were alone. Her husband took a bnnd- ful of psarl buiouits, and tossed thorn, one by ono into the nir, while Vellan throw, hank his head, and caught thom in his mouthy a. tlioy camo down — that waa one of his accomplish ments. Sho smiled as sho remcmborod it, but at the samo time she put her hnndkorchtof to her eyes. Why did bo go away T What could it havo been ?" she wondered, ber old bewilderment at his oonduct, lior old longing to comprehend it, reviving with somothing of the old force. "Could it have been . . . ? Could it havo been , , ?" And an old guess, an old theory, one aha had never spoken to anybody, but had pondered much in ailenoe, again preeonted itself interrogatively to her mind. The door oponed ; tbe butler mumbled a name, and she saw a . tali, white haired, pale old man amiiing at her and holding out Ids hands. It took bor a littlo whilo - to roaiiee who It was. With an unthinking disallowance for the aotion of time, she had been expecting a young fellow of eight-and-twenty, brown haired aud ruddy. I'erhaps ho, on his aide, wae taken abaok a little to meet a middlo agod lady in a cap III. - . After dinner he would not let her leave.hlm, but ho returned with lior to tho drawingroom, and alio said that he might smoke. He smoked odd little Cuban oigsrettes, whoreof' the. odor waa dolioate and aromatio. They had talked of everything ; they had laughed and aighod over their anoient joys and sorrowa. Wo know how lu tlie Courts of- Memory Mirth aud hXelanohoiy wander hand in hand. Sho had oriod a. littlo when' her husband and lior brother wero first spoken of, but at somo comio reminiscence of thom, a moment afterwards sho -was smiling -through -her tears. "Do you re member so and so ?" and " What has brcomo of auoh a one?" wera types of the questlone thoy asked oach otiier, eonjuring up old friends and enemies like ghosts out of the past,- - ^-Inciden tally, ho had desoribed Porto Rioo and -its negroes and its Spaniards, Its climate, its fauna and its flora. In tho drawingroom they eat on opposite .Idea of tlie fire, aod ware silent for a bit. Profiting by the permission she had given him, he pro duced one of hia Cuban cigarettes, opened it at Its ends, unrolled it, rolled it up again, anil lit It. "Now the time has come for you to tell me what 1 moBt want to know," she said. " What is that 1" " Why you went away. " " Oh i" he murmured. She waitcda mints. Then, "Tell me," sho nrgid. : "Do you romomber Marylsona?" he ssked. \- She glanood upat him suddenly, as if startled. "MnrylaonaT Yes, ot course." "Well, I was in love with lior." "You wore in love with Mary Isona!" "I was very muoh in love with her. I havo never got over it, I'm afraid." She gazed fixedly at tbe fire. Her lips wore compressed. She saw a s'endor girl, in a plain 'blaoic frook, with a sensitive, pals faoo, luminous, sad dark eyes, and a mass of - dark, waving hair — Mary bona, of Italian psrontago, a littlo musio toaolier, whoso only relation to the world Theodora Vollan lived ia waa pro fessional. She oame into it for an hour or two at. a time now and thon, to play or to givo a musio lesson. "Yes," ho repeatod ; " I waa in love with her. I have never been in lovo with any other woman. It eeome ridiouloue for an old man to say it, but I am |n lovo with lioretilL - An old man? Are wo ever really' old? Our body grows old, our akin wrinkles, our hair turus white; but the mind, the spirit, tbe heart? The thing we oall ' I ' ? Anyhow, not a dsy, hot an hour, passes, but I (hink of her, I long for her, I mourn for her. You knew her— you knew what she was. Do you remember her playing ? Her wonderful eyes? Her beautiful pale face? And how tbe hair grew round the forehead? And Iter talk, her voioc, her intelligence? Hor taste, her instinct, in literature, in art— it was the finest I have ever met." " Yce, yes, yoa," Mrs. Ketnpton said slowly. "She was a rare woman. I knew her inti mately — better than anyone el-e, I think. I knew ail the unhappy cirouinstancoa of her life; her horrid, vulgar mother; her poor, dreamy, Inefiioient fathor ; their poverty ; how hard she bad to work. You were in love with her. Why didn't you merry her?" "Sho wouldn't have had mo." "Did you aek hor?" "No. - It was needloss. . It went without saying." "You never oan telL You ought to hare asked her." "It was on the tip of my tongne, of oourse, to do ao a hundred times. My life wea passed in torturing myself with the question whether I had any. ohanco, in hoping and fearing. But as' often aa I found uysoif alone with her I knew it was hopeless. Her manner to me— it was ono of frank friendliness. There waa no mistaking it. She never thought of loving me." "You wero wrong not to ask hor. One never oan ha sure. Oh, why didn't -you ask her?" His old friend apoke with great foeling. He looked at hor anrprbed and onger. "Do you really think she might bavo oarrd for me," '-Oh, you ought to have told hor ; you ought to have naked her," she repeated. . .... "Well— now you know why I went away." "Ye.-.": "When I heard of her— her — death"— ho eould not bring himself to aay suioide— " thoio waa nothing visa for me to do. It waa so hideous, so unutterabio. To go ou with my old life, in the old plaoe, among tho old people, waa quito Impossible. I wanted to follow her, to do what alio had done. The only alternative waa to By as far from England, as far from myself, as I ouuld." "Sometimes," Mrs. Kempton confessed, by- ond-by, "sometimes I wondered whether, pea- aibly, your disappearance could have bad any suoh connsotion with Mary's death— it followed it so immediately. I wondered sometimes whether, perhaps, you had earod for her. : But I couldn't believe it— it was only because tho two things happonod ono upon the other. Oh, why didn't you tell hor ? It is dreadful; druad- full" . : ' IV. . Wkon lio had left her, abo still sat for a littlo while before the firo. " Life is a ohanco to mako mistaken— a olianoo to mako mistakes. Life is a olianoo to maka mistakes." It was a' phrase she . had met in a book aha was reading the other day ; then oho had smiled at it ; now it rang in hor ears like tho voice of a mocking demon. "Yes, a ekanoeto make mis takes, " oho said, half aloud. She rose and wont to her desk, unlocked a drawer, turned over Its eontonts and took out a letter — au old letter, for tlie paper waa yellow and the ink was faded. Sho oame baok to the fireside, and unfolded the latter and rend it. It oovered six pages of notepaper, in a small femt-. nine hand. It was a letter Mary: bona 'had written' to her, Margaret Kempton, the night before she died, more than 30 yeara ago. Tho ' writer recounted tho many harsh oiroumstances of her life; but tbey would all have been.boarablo, eho said, eave for ono groat and terrible secret, Sho bad fallen In love with a man who was Boaroeiy oonscious of her existence ; she, a little obscure Italian ; muBio teaolicr, bad fallen in love wish Theodore j Vollan. It waa aa if she had fallen iu love with an inhabitant of another planet ; tlie worlds ' thoy ropootiveiy belonged to wero ao far apart. She loved him — sho lovrd him— aiid alia knew her love waa hopclcsej and she could not bear it. Oh, yos ; sho met him somotimei, here and thore, at homos sho want to to ' play, to give lessous. Ho was civil to her ; ho was more than civil — ha was kind ; iio talked to ber about literature and mutio. "Ho isao gentle, so strong, so wiae ; but he has never thought of me as a woman— a woman who could love, , who oould be loved. Why should he? , If the moih falls in lovu.wlth the Htar, the moth must suffer. . ... I am oowardly ; I am weak; I. am what you will ; but I have mora, tbsn I can bear. Life is loo hard — too herd. To-morrow I shall be dead. You will be the only perron to kuow why I died, and you will : keep my scorot" : . "" .. ;. : . . 'I Oh, the pity of it— the pity of It !" . mur mured Mrs. . Kempton. "I wonder whether I ought to havo Bhown him Mary's . letter.— Sketch . 