THE LORDS &HD; XB^L&WB.; The worst has happened as regards the House of Lords aud the Evicted Tenants Bill, but it does not follow, it maybe hoped, that the worst will therefore happen in Ire land. The action or the Lords in throwing out the measure can have surprised no on©. It was just what they were expected to do. They would not have been true to their character and traditions — 'End they are always true to them — as the House of Landlords and privileged obstructors of the will of the people, if they had done anything else, and while everyone must deeply sympathize with tlae Irish people in thio renewed injustice and dis appointment, it may almost be said that they must be as simple and tructf ul a people as they are sometimes represented i£ they really expected at ouch hands anything else. Too- trustful was probably, and may well have been, their own first thought in the matter, and we should not have been surprised if their righteous resentment of this new indignity put upon their hopes had taken a much more decided form than it appears to have done. Nothing could have been more natural, and there have not been wanting — a'c ouch times there never are — forward spirits to urge Ireland in retalia tion to the fatal policy or violence. But nothing also could have been more foolish, for not to cay that than a return to that policy nothing probably would please the House o'l Landlords batter, if it were not indeed just what they played for, it is cer tain that each and every such measure as the Evicted Tenants Bill so rejected hy the Lords™ and we ksow they have not con lined their attention in this way to Irish measures — is simply another nail driven bj theinoelves into their own coffin. Cold com fort, it may be anid, to the evicted tenants still left shivering by the roadside, but it is certainly very much better that Ireland should remain in a position to lend all her (strength to assist for that and other defaults in punishing the Lords than by having recourse to violence simply to succeed, as just now she only eould suceeedj in further punishing heroelf. It ik very aatisfaetory, then,, to hear that ' Ireland is not disposed io respond to the agitation urged by the Nationalists for a renewal of the policy of violence as a means of terrorizing the lacd° lords.' For Nationalists may doubtless be read here Redmonditep, who have been similarly exhibiting their good sense by denouncing Mr. Morley as j responsible for the failure of the bill in the House of Lords, Ad well (much better, perhaps) might they praise him for the good harvest for which the Irish farmers are said to be too busy preparing to bother themselves about politico, and at any rate his course and that of the Government in this matter would seem to have been honest and energetic enough. The fault is solely with the action of the Lords, which, if repeated, as it probably will be, when the bill is reintroduced next session, will serve heavily to swell the roll of their offences at the judgment day of the next general election. Then there is no doubt the great issue will be, not this or that par' ticular measure, Irish or English, which the House of Lords has vetoed, but the aboli° tioD, if not of the House of Lords itself, of its monstrous privilege to override at its own irresponsible will the voice of the nation. It was decided at the late Leeds conference that the first plank of the Liberal platform should henceforth be the abolition of the perpetual power of veto now possessed by tho Peers. It will certainly be the cry on which the Liberal Government will go to the country, and in the grirn array of murdered measures, like King Richard's Bosworfch ghosts, to support that demand, Ireland, with her slaughtered Home Rule Bill and Evicted Tenants Bill, will at least have the satisfaction of being well represented and of powerfully aiding the great reform which alone, we believe, can ever give her either. 