NANKING. The Nanking of to-day is built npon the foundation of the Nanking of the paBt, and ontside ' of the present oily there is a vaat area whioh was once oovered with buildingB. The Tartar oiiy where emnerors once lived has dwindled into' dust, and the marble and golden palaces of the past have been sup planted by the farms and gardens of the present. Fiften generations ago there was here one of tho most progressive monarohs of history. Nanking was then the centre of Asiatic trade and culture. Foreigners from all parts oame here to study, and the Per sians and Arabians crowded eaoh other upon these streets. To-day you see J swish types among the faces yon meet, and the oity has a large population of Mohammedans. Many of these are the desoandents of strangers who came here in the days of the famed Chinese ruler Chu Hung . Wo. -- This man started life as a beggar, hat he organised a rebellion whioh enabled him to conquer China and to establish his descendants on the throne. He was the founder of the Ming dynasty, the one whioh ruled China before the family of the present emperor oame into power, and under whioh wera accomplished the greatest thing) that the Chinese have ever done in architecture and publio improve ments. It was this man who built the wall about Nanking and established the capital here. The dragon, yon know, is the im perial animal of China. You see it on every Chinese flag, and it is supposed to bring lack or the reverse to every zaler. Accord ing to them, a dragon oan do anything. It oan make itself as big as an elephant, or as small as a gnat. It can build up empires and tlifAw dntcrn Irinrya And vrriian was an eclipse of the moon here, I saw it soberly announced in the Peking Gazette that the people should turn out and make a great noise on the night of the eclipse, as it was said that the dragon would then try to swallow the moon, and he should be scared away. Well, the country here at Nanking is shaped juet like a great dragon, and the emperor said : ' If I can bnild my oapital on tha dragon's baok it will last forever.' The resnlt was. that he moved to Nanking and made it for a time the greatest city of China. H9 planned to bnild a wall outside of the present lone, wdioh should be ninety miles long, bat he got no farther than the first pillars of this before he died. It was this man's son who bnilt the famed porcelain tower of Nanking, putting it up in honor of his wife.- The tower cost more than £600,000 ; it was bnilt of the finest of glazed porcelain slabs, and it blazed ont under the Bnn of the valley of the Yangtse Kiang, rising to a height nearly half that of the Washington monument. It was octagonal in form, with a base about half the size of that, of tho monument, and this base tested, on . a foundation of briok- work ten foot high. It had Dine stories, and & spiral staircase within tbe tower led to the summit.- jThe top of it was a great ba sin- of iron, and the colors of its bricks were green, red, yellow and white. On every one of the nine stories a roof of green tUes jut ted ont, and to the corners of theBe roofs were hung bells whioh tinkled when Bwayed by the wind. It took nineteen years to bnild this tower, and it was kept in good condition nntil about forty odd years ago, when another beggar got up a rebellion and took Nanking. He had tho idea that the tower was harting his luok, and bad it blown np. Its every brick has sinoe disappeared, and when I visited its site yesterday the only vestige of it remainmg was the great iron basin-like dome which crowned its top. This has been plaoed upon a foundation of marble. It is a hollow mass of iron big en ough to cover the top of the largest haystack jr vu uu?g QUUU x» >yuuw iuaao a uaium tub for an elephant. And it would to- day be called a fine specimen of artistic casting. When it oovered the tower it was plated with gold and oonld be seen for miles np and down the Yangee valley. It must weigh several tons, and how the Chinese with their rude modes of labor were able to poise it on tho top of the tower, 261 feet above the earth, is a marvel. It lies to day in front of the viceroy's arcenal, where tho finest of j modern guns are being turnod out for the C&ineae; troops, and the steam whistle whioh oalls tbe men to work in the morning makes its hoary partioles vibrate, and it wonders, I doubt not, with the ghosts of its builders, who. are,, supposed to hang about it, what sort of devils are working at their magic within.- —W. 0 arpenter. 