THE NOVELIST, | a . - ''TEMPTED BY GOLD, , ... . .. . ,,. ? + ? :- :(i BY ANEW AUTHOR. ' ^CHAPTER II.--Continuea, -'?' TII11I THEATRICAL FAMILY, ?? Touohing this drondod Bight— I am . no ghost, swoot mothor,' ho laug^od, ' Thoro's a call this morning fo*thu third not at olovon, bo I just lookod in to boo if tho fairies aro ready,' ' A call this morning, and thoso 1wo childron still in bod I' oriodMra. Bakor, disappearing into' tho bade room, Romoo, loft to himself, softly oponod tho door that lod to tho landing, and lookod up tho carpotloss stairs, Trom tho oxproH-sion on his facoyou might havo thought an angol was going to' descend. ' It'a too oavly yot,' ho said, undor his broath, ' She's not up, porhaps. I'll iwk mothor to go to hor. My darling ! my darling ! it you only know how I lovo you.' Ho closed tho door as stealthily an ho had oponod it, and sat down by tho flro, Booing bright pictures in its glowing hoftvt. Thoy woro all variations of ono fcwoot faco— a faco in all tho tondor graco of girlhood j palowith tho pallor of tinted soasholls ; oyoa soft and doop no a still bluo lako j a mouth poutod as a baby's, pink aaarosobud, and from off tho low white brow grows hair tho colour of autumn loavos, crisp, and brown, and sun-kissod. Ho soos this faco now dimpled with happy laughter, now tondorly gravo, and now drawn pitoously with tho bittornoBS of sorrow's agony, but alwayB boautiful, always lovablo, always tho ono fair faco in tho world for him. , ' How boautiful aho would look as Pauline,' he thinks. AndyiftionRof himaolfns tho gar. donor-prii o, in whito satin ltnoo. l)rooohoa m«v. a pink plush coat, riso in tho young nmn'fi mind, How thoy would star it together, ' Mr, and Mrs, Itoinoo Bakor,' and havo thomanagorB and plavwritora at thoir foot I So this air castlo grows highor and highor and then fades away « Buddonly as two pair of littlo thin arms aro thrown rQund tho droamor'a neck. , ; ' What, Liz, you tiny skoloton! and kohio, my fairy I' ho oriod, lifting oaoh littlo wluto-f aood child on a lraoo. ' So you'vo got to got up to go to rohoarsal P What did you do wronglast night, ehC' 'It'flfor tho now littlo girl, Wo didn't do nothing wrong I' oriod RoBio, ?who wtia too thorough an artist at hoavfc to bear blamo pationtly. ' Tho drossor said as how sho is going to fly from ft wiro right across tho fltago. If I could only fly from a wiro, mothor, thoy'd dap mo, wouldn't thoy P' / MisB A. Duval Blghod. Sho had not / enjoyed tho luxury of boing olappod for * many years. . „ ( ' ' Wovor mind about ' flyingi Rosio,' Romoo said, laughing , 'PorhapB if you aro a good littlo girl you'll play Lady Teaclo Bomo day,'r : ?' lady (ZWioJ' criod tho child, clap ping her hands, ' in a whito curly wig, and littlo black spots on my faco/and such a drosB, ovor and ovoi1 so long.'. 'Hpwia Mr. Douglass, mother}1' Rotooo naked, while tho childron woro \ eating their breakfast, , . , 1 ' I havo not boon up to soo yot. Your f athov mado such a noiso wlion ho 1 ©amo'in last night,',' and by tho, motion of his mother's nand towavdB tho inner room tho young man understood that his fathor had como homo intoxicated . tho night boforo, and that ho was now \- ? slooping off tho offoots, ' that I folt F quito ashamod to go up. It, sooms so ? unfooling wlion thoro is sickness in 'the houao to havoniado all that vaokotj , but you lenow your fathor, Romoo, / Whon ho'fl had a drop too much thoro'a no roaBOiung with him. Thomoroono ftBks him to bo quiot tho moro1 uoiso , ho'll mnko.' ' If he dioa, what do you think tlio young Tady will do, mother K'f 11 1 am sure I don't lcnow,pbor young1 thing ! Sho'a not a f riond in tho world tout him, Sho told mo bo horBOlf ,' 11 Sho'd look woll on tho stago— don't you think hoP' 11 Looks aro not ovorythlng,' Mrs, Bakor said, with tho air of making an original romark. ' As soon aa you'vo takon thoso ohildron off, I'll run up to hor for a minuto, I daresay tho poor thing has not lit hor flro yot, and would liko a, cup of nico hbt too,' 'You're a good soul, mothor,' Romoo said, kinging hor thoro and thon, in his gratjludofor any sorvicorondoredtotho lady of his lovo. 11 What a doar, handsome boy Romoo is I' Mrs, Bakor thought, as sho mount, od tho littlo* croaking flight of Btairu. ' And ho's half in lovo with MIbs Doug, lass. I do boliovo— so cunning, too, trying to hido it from his own mothor I' Sho tappod on tho garrot door, and receiving no answor, turned tho handle softly and ontorod tho room, Tho ? wintry sunlight Bhono bare and cold on tho still, dead faco of tho man lying oa tho bod, and on tho goldon-brown hoad of tho girl sleeping by Mb eido. Liko many woak naturos, Mrs. Bakor 'Of ton found horaolf strong in timoof nood. Sho Raid afterwards that ' sho ♦ folt flt to faint at tho sight of that protty living faco lying on tho pillow with that.awful doad ono j' but sho did not faint. Sho took tho girl's hand gently, v :. ? . ? ' Wal'o up, dear,' b1jo said, « Wako up,' 'Fathor,' tho girl murmured in hor ?loop, ' whoro shall I find my niothovP \- Whoro does sholivoP' CHAPTER III, DH. TJHNTI.15Y. :. ' , .'VSiro looks , liko going again, air, -; , . don't BlioP Sho won't quito rolisha , v ' ' sharp doolino with tlmtBhakonpnBtorn ) ?? ? but it don't spoil hor action, do it. ;, ' 8irP' i . ' ' Tho speaker, a frosh, honest-faced man, tho head groom at Glonholm, ran tho in aro a gcntlo oantor, Sho was a bright bay, longthy, low, and ovonly tumod, showing immonao power, and glftott-witu tho boat of limbs, ' Thoro, sir,' ho said, stopping in front of hia master, with a sm}lo of eatisf action on hia small kindly oyos, 1 A groator contrast than tho two won could scarcely bo imagined— iho ono short and slightly stout, yot slight and wiry looking, with a tomor-liko sharp* . now about t'apo and mannov: tho other, tall and porsouablo, tho fair, aristo* / cratlo faco full of pleasant, debonair boanty, A phyaiognomist would havo oallod it a woak faco, would havo Buid that widor tho drooping golden mous tache tho mouth lacked decision, and that tho oyo lackod flrmnosa j but to a x casual obsorvor this weakness was ,;? hiddon by a certain oroct enrringoof '.'',? tho h«ad that was natural to him, and '?? gavo him an air of haughtiness. ' Wo'll do many a rattliiig spin yot, my boauty,' ho sai(J, nnd tho maro turn ed hor large, Bof t Joving oyoa on him. / Slio had loarnt to know ovory inton ' niion of that slow, soft voice ¥ 'Iho mnn'B faco flushed with plbnBuro. 'I told you aa how I'd manngo it, air. I sent, that Thomson away, nlv— ho ?waa choolcy, ho waa, ah1— I warrant him honost. but -wf)lAss and clieelty.'. 'Tako caro of hor ycuroolf a littlo longor, Morly, nnd aho'Il soon bo up to tho mark. I don't fancy any of thoso youngstors having tho powor to punish hor.' RoBting his Bllm, whito hand for ono carossing momont on tho smooth nook, Daro Groythronosturnod and walked slowly townrdB tho house. (To bo continued.) 