BROKEN LINKS, NOW FIfrST PUBLISUED. A LOYE STORY. CHAPTER XIV. — (Continued.) BY MRS. ALEXANDER. 7anot was greatly agitated; Palliser's look of borror bad .stamped itself upon her mind, ber imagination. It was an unmis takable look of fear — and she knew he had fully tho average amount of pluck pos sessed by English gentlemen — fear and horror mingled, as one would feel in the presence of something supernatural. She sat down in her dressing room with au odd, shuddering sensatlou; she shrank from staying there alone, yet she would not call anyone to stay with her, as slio felt that Palliser would soon corae, and thore must be no witness to their meeting. She felt, in some extraordinary manner, that this terrible woman must he his wife; tho unfortunate creaturo whose charred remains had been buried some five or six years ago. It was absurd to believe that such a resurrection could take place, yet she knew it was true that this was Pal liser's first wife, and she herself could bo no wifo. But she did uot think of herself, save in brief flashes. What torture Ran dal was undergoing; what an awful ordeal of exposure lay beforo him! All the old scandal to bo raked over again, with an enormous addition. "How long sho was keeping him. How did that woman come there?" Janet was trembling all over; she could pot keep still, sho rose and paced tho room, pausing every now and then to look at the clock on the mantelpiece — quarter of an hour, half an hour, an hour, and an hour and a quarter — sho sat down iu a corner of her sofa and hid her face iu the pillow. Would he never come? At last the handle of the door turned, and Palliser entered. His ghastly face lilled her heart with compassion; she bad started up at tho sound of his approach, and- now wont forward to him with out stretched hand. Ho took and pressed it convulsively, then with a cruel, mocking smile — "It seems, Janet," ho said in a harsh Voice, "that you and I arc to be the hero and heroine of a penny-dreadful order of tragedy. That infernal woman — do you know who she is?" "I think I do," said Janet, growing calm at the sight of his palo fury, "she was your wife." "Was?" Iio interrupted, passionately. 'Is my wife, and has come to destroy you; to take from you the position to which you arc entitled, to bring you and ino to ehame." "No, Randal, she cannot do that," said Janet, steadily. "How— oh, how is it sho is alive, Randal? How can we sufficiently thank God that wc havo no children?" Palliser let go her hand, .and threw him self on the sofa she had just quitted. "I am the most unfortunate fellow that ©ver breathed." He pressed his hands ou his brow. "Yes, that, is the only saving point in the whole miserable tangle, and it will enable us to turn her flank." He stopped; then, looking up at her as sho stood, white, hut composed, before him, "It is cruelly hard upon you. Another woman would be in hysterics. IIow fortu nate it is that you are not as sensitive as I am." "How does she come here?" repeated Janet, not hooding this comment. "That I do not know. She would not tell. I havo been cautious. I recovered my senses as soon as the first shock of seeing tho dead come back to stand before me was over, and felt that I must be cautious in dealing with this devil. Her object, of course, is to extort money; mine to dis cover her history since she was or seemed to be burnt in that hotel. It will be strange if I do not find sufficient cause for divorce In it. Had 1 not seen her, had I not recognised her myself, I could never believe any testimony to her being alive. I myself went to sec her charred remains. The face was dreadfully burnt, but the hands, the height, the general shape of her form, which had not lost its outline, was hers. We showed a number of photographs to the manager of the hotel, and ho picked out hers as the likeness of the Mrs. Pal liser who had come to the hotel the after noon previous to the fire. There is some curious story behind all this. It was strange, too, that she was without a maid. Oh, heavens! to bo dragged through the miro again!" He began to walk the room. "It is a cruol ordeal," said Janet." "But take courage, Randal, you have been guilty of no wrong-doing, only imprudence, youth ful folly which has been bitterly punished; and It is more than probable that this terrible passage may lead t.o real freedom." "It shall," said Palliser, pausing in his troubled walk. "I did not tell her I was childless. I let her believe she had a firmer grip of me than she has. I asked her how she heard of the birth of my son; sho laughed and said, 'Don't you think I read the English papers, whether I am in Europe, Asia, or America? And there I saw the birth of your son and heir at St. Oswald's, where you brought me as an adored bride, where you cruelly discarded mo.' You see how the mistake occurred ! " do — and now?" "Slio dwelt with fiendish malice 011 the disgrace which would bang round the birth of both my sons. You see, though she knew I had Mervyn, she never was there, and associated mc more with St. Oswald s, whore our break-up occurred. I did not undeceive ber. I let ber imagine that I meditated coming to terms with her. But wo parted with tlie clear understanding that all communications for the future must pass through the hands of my solici tor. I am going to him now, and to-mor row I must speak on the Southshire Branch Railway Bill. U will bo difficult to track her course since sho vanished. but money and perseverance can do much. "Then, Randal, I beseech you, try to Bteady your nerves and do justice to your self. This is but a a temporary trouble, bad as it is. There are long, quiet days at the other side in which you will havo much honorablo work to do, and for some weeks at least little or nothing will be known. You must, cross the present storm, and keep your hold on the confidence you are winning from tlie public." "I see, Janet, you havo not lived with me for nothing. I little thought once that you could ever speak in such 'a strain. pw I must to Godfrey. He will think I havo lost my senses at first." "Stay, Randal," said his wife, flushing up and then growing pale, while she hesitated an instant. "I am sorry to obtrude myself upon you at such a time, but as in truth I am no longer your wife, what ought I to do?" "Ah, yes, to be sure. I forgot. I sup pose you must not stop hern; wc must bo very guarded, for of course, when things are settled, as I trust and believe they will be, and wo come together again, it will not do to have continued in tlie same house; you had better telegraph to your father, and go to him at onco. It Is due to our selves to behave irreproachably in the eyes of the world, and, you know, Janet, you can trust mo; whatever occurs, my sense of honor will keep mo unalterably your hus band." "I havo no doubt whatever of you, Ran dal. You arc an honorable man." She paused, for she could not quite command her voice. Was this the end of the pas sionate love which had sought her so ea gerly? Sho was to depend on his sense of honor. But this was no time to show re sentment or displeasure. "I shall tele graph at onco to my father, but, Randal, I Bhould like to hear tho result of your In terview with Godfrey. When are you like ly to return?" "It will bo a long one, I suspect, but I shall certainly return before 6. You can bo ready to start, aud I will see you off." "Of course, I may tell my fathor every thing. Indeed, Randal, it would bo better to malrc no secret at nil of the terrible re turn from tho grave." "No. I suppose the sooner it is blaz oned abroad tlie better, the sooner tlio nine days' wonder will be over. It will, I fear, ho rather a long affair. Lest I should bo detained, I will write you a cheque, for you had hotter not lose tho 6 train, aud you must not want any " ' "No, no, Raudal," she interrupted, "I am not your wifo, and I will not tako your money. I have no debts. T have some of my last quarter, and the whole of this one. I have quantities of clothes, and I shall I want ' but little. Do not trouble about! that." 1 "I shall communicate with your fathor on this subject. I shall (.olograph if anything occurs to keep me. Good-bye, dear." Ho kissed her brow and left her. ! For a few mlnuton everything seemed a dull blank to Janet — an unreal dream. Tho first idea that rose up clear out of the chaotic mist which seemed to enfold her was her husband's extraordinary indiffer ence towards her. That in such a crucial moment no ghost, of his former affection revived showed that it must be dead in deed. Sho had evidently then no real home, 110 real husband to leavo. She was going to take shelter with the only heart that was all hor own. That was enough for tho present. The future— that must shape it self. With a curious composure that seemed to her like an outer husk quite apart from the painful confusion which reigned with in, Janet rang for her maid and gave di rections for tho packing of her clothes, as she was going to Captain Rowley's for a visit of some duration. "I shall tell you more when we are there," she added, gravely. "Tliank-vou, ma'am," she said, with an unmoved countenance, and immediately set about her packing. What a st-ange day it was. The endless callers were sent from the door. Mrs. Pal liser was not "at. home" to anyone — fortu nately she had no special day. Not even Lady Darrell wus admitted. Meantime, Janet was desperately busy; was rapidly putting up all her lettors, pa pers, memoranda, the few photographs sho valued, all the gifts made her by her husband up to tho end of the first year of their married life, and other trifling pre sents from some of his relatives. These packed, she ordered her well-filled jewel- case to bo placed in liis drosslngroom. Time went at onco slowly yet quickly. She strove in vain to eat. A little after half-past 5 Palliser returned; there was but little time io spare. "I will tell you as we drive along." ho said; and they entered the brougham which was waiting. Raynes', with the luggago, had already gone on. "It will be a tremendous business," said Palliser, as they drove rapidly to Waterloo station. "At first, old Godfrey would not be lieve mc. He insisted that it. was a case of mistaken identity. I could hardly per suade him that I recognised her at onco. However, ho has already put detectives on hor t.rack.Thc difficulty will bo to trace her from the time sho left London, where sho had resided for some time, and disappeared at Southampton; we are not sure that slio is staying at the address she gave. That can be ascertained at oncc." "It seems so extraordinary that after disappearing for so long a time she should hunt yon up." "It is all a matter of £ s d," returned Palliser; "it will cost a 'large sum. but none of it shall go into her pocket. I will keep you informed of all that takes place; but I am more hopeful .since I have seen Godfrey. I trust, my dear Janet, that you do not think I am to blamo in any way. Believe me, T was as certain that woman was dead " "You need not assure me, Randal. I am quite convinced that you arc blameless. A victim, not a sinner," said his wifo, kin dly. "Had you not better have Mrs. Duns- ford up from Mervyn to look after you and the house?" "Perhaps so. I will think of it, and to morrow I shall write to your father. He will probably be tho right channel of com munication." A l'ew more words brought them to tho station, where they fohndRayncs and Palli ser's valet, who had taken the tickets and secured places. "Let me know how you get on," said Pal liser, stepping into the carriage after her, "and Janet, I think it right to say I think you have behaved remarkably well." "Have I? There is 110 Uino to say more. Good-bye, Randal — good-bye." There was a quiver in her voice which touched htm. "I trust all will come right sooner than we expect. Good-bye, dear." lie kissed her kindly, and descended to the platform, handing Raynes in with his accustomed good-breeding. The whistle sounded; ho raised his hat, and in another minute they had Iclt the station behind. It was a clear, balmy, transparent night when Janet and her faithful attendant reached tho bus' railway station of Kings- port, where they found Captain Rowley awaiting them. Tlio moment Janet looked at the kind, rugged, old face, she saw that her father was racked with anxiety. "Dearest dad," she whispered, as sho walked down the platform, holding his arm closo to her sido. "I am quite well, and though I have a curious, a wonderful story to tell you, it is nothing to be uneasy about." "Your husband?" said the Captain, in a tone full of apprehension, "where is he?" "At present he is probably driving down to the 1-Iouse. lie came with me to the station, and will write to you to-morrow." "Then you parted friends?" "Excellent friends. Rest assured of that. And now, dear father, I shall not say another word on any serious subject till the broad daylight." Janet's tone set the old man's heart at rest, and this being the case, his spirits roso to concert pitch at having his daughter with him so soon again. Janet was greatly exhausted after tho various violent emotions of tlic (lay, and as soon as she had tried to eat a little supper, and talked a little of the last Parliamen tary gossip, she begged leavo to retire to her room. Weary though sho was she lay long awake. It was a warm night, and she left ber window open. The soft silence was in expressibly sweet after the ceaseless roar of London, and the murmuring ripple of waves seemed to woo her lovingly to rest. Sho reviewed her position over and over again. It was a cruel one. For more than threo years she had lived as the wife of a man whoso real wife was living, and how she bad no shadow of claim upon him, nor ho 011 her. In a few days all London would be telling various versions of the Palliser romance; the society papers would hint at the probability of extraordinary scandals cropping up in the course of the impending trial; the wits aud "diners-out" would make ' bon mots upon the strange affair; and "tho latest particulars" would bo perpetually ap pearing in the "Southsliiro Courant" and the "Langford Mercury." It was a distres sing situation for a woman not yet twenty- five. She had even been presented to her Sovereign under false pretences. Sho ought to be bowed down with sharao and humiliation. Yet somehow she did not feel like it. She was still Janet Rowley, and disgrace did not touch her. She had come back to her dear father, and the sor row and mortification, the degradation, the failure, tlie collapse of her married life seemed to have fallen from her. Why should she be afraid of social chatter? She had married Randal Palliser before God and man. She had lived openly and approved by all, and even if the results of the present extraordinary revolution prevented her return to him, there was nothing In her life for which she need blush, nothing to cut her off from the companionship of tho respectable; only If matters so turned out that she could not return to hor place besido her husband her lot. would be to dwell in the 'shadow of a great misfortune always— -and none could foretell what the eventualities of the law would be. (To bo continued.) 