Back From the Grave. I was quite certain that I b'ftd heard of old i Undo Joflifth Bbdflsh's death aud burial, and whtm I met him coming out of a lawyer*! oiUco and looking rather moro belligerent thun usual it ^Ito mc a bit of a start aud a rt creepy' feeling up and down my spine, But it waa Joaiah, suro as could be, and there was nothing ghostly in his appearance. I asked him bow he oamo to be cxtunt in such an irregular way, and ho told mo all about it, . i So you thought I was .snuffed cut, did you ? That's a good one on you ; but, then, I don't know's 1 can blamo you, seeing my own folks 'lowed I wob a cadaver. . I've got a law suit with 'em about it. They had ma - taken up by a constable for disturbing thfl' peace, And that's what I'm lawin' about* I'm out on bail now. It's a peculiar case, and if I bad a mind to take it to thu Soo preino Court I could knock /'cm out on the question whether a man who hnabeen buried can bo legally prosecutell. You know them spella I have. When I get one I'm liable to be. plumb out o' my senses for houri, and I'iu a little nervouB about 'em sometimes. If any* body tells you it isn't nothing but whisky, you call him a liar, and I'll back^you up. You know I'm not intemperate, mid you . ncv.er saw me take anything between drinks in your life. 14 Mebbc you've noticed that mo and the old woman don't- hitch very well.^ Yes, I . thought so. Some folks haa a habit o' uo« ticing other folks' doin's. Well, it's all owinf to Deacon Sliderbaek'a taking too goldatned much interest in the spiritual welfare of my .family. My old woman's been so pious, .« I've been a little fearsome that she' might pet too anxious to have me' join fhe heavenly choir and plant mo if I happened to have ft real bad spell and not come to H9 spry as common.' 'I suggested to Uncle Josiah that ho couldn t be liuried without & physician's certificate that he was dead, 'that's another point,' he replied, u Dr. Pilbolus don't like me enough to hurt since I put a little job on him, and I kinder sus- .. pected he'd play a practical joke on me if he got a chance in a professional way. I don't believe tbe authorities would want a certifi cate anyway if they knew Pilbolus had any thing to do with the cose. They'd consider that reasonable ground to suppose that tho patient was ripe for the cold and silent tomb. If you don't want to be slammed in.to a Collin and sent kiting' to glory before i your time, don't you have Filbolus, Tlejs a ! quapk, sure. I'd been thinking over what I might happen, and 1 had a talk witli the un I dertaker who-.docs all my burying, and wo fixed the thing up between us. Hau o tele phone pu-t in the family vault and all that sort of 1111117, you know. Going to have tho whole racket patented next week. u Well, itseems I got full or had a spell last Saturday night, and the next thing I knew I woke up in the dark fueling mighty i queer. Felt like a funeral— tuber-roses and dead leaves aud carbolic acid, you know. I thought. I'd g«-t up and see who was .dead, but the first hroak I made I bumped ray head against something hard. Then! felt ground nnd found 1 was boxed in, and I concluded kicked tho lid off, sat up In the cofiin, fished amateh out of my vest pocket aud took a look around. I recognised the place by the inscriptions to the memories of my first three wives and a maiden niint, and it made mo f»jel sottof blue to think how near I had come ? to being reunited with the whole gang at ono lick, 11 You can imaginn how a man would feel to find himself stowed away on the top shelf of a tomb in such company and read his own epitath on tue plate1 by the light of a brim atone match. 1 felt in my coat- tail pocket and found a flask of brandy, which showed that the undertaker was a man of his word ,'and partially restored my confuletiQC in human nature. I was powerfully relieved to fiud that I was not yet in Heaven with my sainted late female relatives, aud with ? devout gratitude I emptied tbe flask and re- . turned thanks to a merciful Providence, vowing that I would make a total wreek of Pilbolus as soon as ever I should get out. I felt sor-ry, though, that I hadn't told the undertaker to fill in the chinks between my remains and the coffin with sandwiches. Then I climbed down, after ripping tbe collin plate off aud putting it in my pocset as evi dence. I notfced that I wj«s in my stocking feet, aad that the old woman had put on the remains a pair of hose all worn out at the heels. I s'pose she thought because tlio heels of tho late lamented were down when, liis toes were turnud up that the hole* ' wouldn't be noticed. That's the kind of a ; woman she iB. ?'?-?V- ? u I found the telephone, rang up tho of- , ^ fica and told 'em to s-md the 9extou to let mo out. Then leave, ' Hello, Oentcal.1 'Hello,'. an wo npntrnl . ** flnnrmnfc the late - .Toftiah : ? - Bodfiish,tomb 36, with his widowjNo/lOOl,' i ..»- says I. j Uncle Josiah did not mean that he bad ? : ; j gone Solomon one better ; the number of hia. I telephone was 1001. - - . ..! I 'The line was switched on, and I was juai \ going to send a doleful sound from the tomb to comfort niy sorrowing family and Bave 'em tbe trouble of going to a medium to find out how I was enjoying the dimato of the sweef | by-and-by when I thought I heard a familial j voice. KriisWng a spray of withered smilai j from my left ear I listened and heard Deacon \' Sliderback say as plain as could be : ' liie Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away, Sistei Bodfish, and everything for the best.' She allowed it was, and I couldn't detect any thing but the checrfullest kind of resignation in her voice. Then the Deacon said: ?? Brother Josiah had his faults, Sister Hod fish.' Then I heard her say that she should smile, and I thought the hilariiy was a little previous. 'I sifppose it was drink that killed him,' said the Deacon, and she allowed it was, and went on with a whole lot Qf stuff, winding up with : 'Thauk goodness there won't be any moro pink snakes with blue tails in those shoes over there by the corner.' 11 1 stopped to finish what there waa in ? tbe bottom of the flask, and then I heard tho Peacon say: 'Now that the snakes have ocen driven from those shoes, Sister Bo lfish, may I hope to step into them some day I' Nice way of proposing, that was. Well, that settled it. I justgioaned through the tele* phone like an insulted ghost, the cexton came along then and let me out, and I lie out for home on the jump. When I walked into the parlor where tho gas was burniug 'low, dressed up in my best bla-.'k coat, splis up the back by the man who laid me out/and tossed that coflin plate into^the old woman's ? ' lap, right whfere the deacon could read it, vou bet there waB a circus. Some-folk** might call it a disturbance of the peace. I p.it ou ; . ' - those shoes and introduced the deacon lo 'em, snakes and all. That's what the lawsuit iM' '? about. I'm going to lick blazes out' o! PH- ? '' boluB when 1 see him, nnd I s'pose that'll ' - - make moro lawing for mc. But I'll get ai ' - divorce and a patent on mj prematura burial-'* v.' outfit, and then l guess I'll be square.' ' Grocer 5 'I find your son-l/ngbt and- ? energetic .enough, but I'm afraijl tjiat lie's *- ' hardly adapted to the grocery business.' Fathhk op the Boy: u What seems to bo -, the trouble-?' Gkocexi : 'Why, thefirsttMng ho did. wan to begin picking tbe dead flies out of. thu '? '.???T dried enrrauts,' \ Policeman (in citizen's dress to-brothcr-' : ofiicer in bar Sunday morning) : ' It's whisky, .? -- Penis, and wc'Ve got the waiter dead to ? ' r»hta. Shall Iarrcsthiiri now?' ? : . * ? \\- ui'Nis :' No; let's haw a few morednnki first.' Tlie baron invites the doctor to driv ing, The horse ruus away, and the doctor u badly hurt. ?' Why didn't you tell me vour « - horse waa skittish ? Had I known there wag danger, I would not have come.' ^ The bauoi? — 'I nevertook outthat bora® without some accident bapppnti/g; that ia the reason .why I always takp * doctor 