spiuir pHoros. HOW TO RAISE GHOSfS. The spirit photos presented in a recent issue in connection with the exposure in Sydney, make specially interest ing au interview lately published in a London paper. It is as follows : — " Nothing is easier. I can turn you om ghosts by the dozen. They can be done to order just like anything else less ethereal. As a matter of fact, the beginner in our pro fession is often a ghostmaker quite against hia will. They come without his bidding, and disgusted enough he gets with them wheu they present themselves to him where he would fain have conjured the counterfeit of flesh and blood upon his plate." We were standing in a large Baker street photographic studio ; a thousand children s faces beamed down from the walls, -tor < is not Mr Faulkner par excellence the of children? Of ghosts there were nohe, apparently, but we had appealed : to Mr Faulkner for some explanation of : V f GHOSTS IX THE CAMERA, because it is said that next to ghosts children are the most difficult " objects " te-phofce-- graph, aDd we felt convinced that, in his wide experience, Mr Faulkner must occasionally have crossed the thin border which ! divides the child and the ghost, these ; next-door neighbors in the photographers, camera. The immediate fact which led , to the invasion bv the " "Westminster I Gazette" of Mr Fanl knar's studio WSS the | buna-fide photography of a ghost. A young girl had beeo photographed, in a private room, by an amiteur photographer, who, so far, declines to believe in ghosts. When the photograph was developed there appeared behind the figure of the girl in classic gar- j ments another face — shadowy, hut perfectly j visible — the face, apparently, of a man with j towzly hair and a dark mousta 3he, bending over the girl's shoulder. There was no trickery of any kind : the plate had not been tampered with ; no one had interfered while the photographing was in process. ECW CAME THIS GHOST OX TO THE PLATE ? Mr Faulkner, as an expert, was asked to explain. 41 It is the best ghost I have ever seen on a photograph," this gentleman ex- | plained, after a minute examination of the i plate, 41 and how it has got there I cannot j exactly tell. Though, mind you," added Mr Faulkner, with the ghost of an amused smile, 44 1 am no more a believer in ghosts than you are. There are various ways in which an im pression of this kind can be prod need on a camera. In the present case I should say that either somebody has passed behind the lady while the plate on which she was being photographed was exposed, or a reflection on some window or glass door has produced the effect. Any photographer can MANUFACTURE A GHOST FOR YOU with toe greatest ease. For instance, if I give a long exposure to a plate, and daring the exposure some one —perhaps draped in a sheet — appears for a moment behind the sitter, and then disappears again, a faint impression appears, of course, on the plate. When I first took to photography, , years ago, I often amused myself and my assistant by prodncing ghosts in this way. And beginners in photography very often produce ghostsagainst their wills by incor rectly focussing the object they are about to photograph. 44 Then, again, it is very easy, for anyone inclined to do so to hoax Spiritualists and other people of fervent faith. An impression may be made on a plate and covered up. Afterwards, when a believer imagines that a ghost is present and might be caught in the oamera, the plate is exposed once more and both Spiritualist and 44 ghost " appear in the photograph. It is truly marvellous how some of the good people who go in for spiritualism and kindred sciences allow them selves to be duped. We have had several inBtanoes of this kind. Some time ago an old gentleman, a barrister, who had a very good po&ition; in the colonies, lived over here, just round the corner. He was a great faith- healer and spiritualist ; a clever old fellow, I should say, and thoroughly in earnest abont hiB oooult science. His wife died, and he came here one morning saying that- he would like to be photographed. He would bring what he called his battery, and he theught THE SPIRIT OF HIS WIFE would appear on the plate. Of course, I had to keep serious ; it was not my business to ex press an opinion about the spirit. Presently heoame in, and with him was a party of and women. These were his 4 battery.' I put him in position for a photograph, and the battery sat behind him in a semicircle, far enough away not to come into the focus of the camera. Presently, a member of the battery, a wretched-looking little cobb er, began to groan and wriggle and to go into all kinds of contortions. 4 He can't help it,' a young lady of the party informed me ; 4nor can he help talking in that strange way. He is in a tranoe, possessed by THE SPIRIT OF AN INDIAN CHIEF.' It was well she explained, for the fellow began to talk in a would-be foreign accent, the most absurd and idiotic stuff I have ever listened to. Sometimes he forgot himselt, and talked in his own Cockney tongue, but then he pulled himself together again, and we had a little more of the Indian chief. It was a groat joke, but I was sorry for the poor old man .who was deluded by these people. When the photograph was taken, the young lady of the party insisted upon ooming into the dark loom to see what was on the plate. Of course there was nothing exoept the fine figure of the old Colonel, but she turned to me and said, in a very superior tone, 4 To you it does not ap pear so, because your eyes are not opened ; but I see millions aud millions of angels on this plate." 44 Another time, now a good many years ago, we had a carious exp rienee with people of this class. A very lovely young lady, of a well-known aristocratic family, had been photographed and painted by us several times. Sue married, and after some years her husband came to us very sadly, and said he would like us to send down to his house for the purpose of taking A PHOTOGRAPH OF THEIR DEAD BABY. When oar maa got thee, the tiay child, which had only lived an hour, could not pos- "Siblv be photographed, but the husband in sisted on having a likenes3 of the child So one of our artists made a drawing, and as tbs photograph, was absolutely useless, he made jri Jis well as he could after the likeness of the baby's beautiful mot her, which was hang- E 'ihg in their studio. Wnen it was finished I the father came one morning to look ! at the picture. He stood before it for some time, and then went away, saying he would he back presently. Some hours later he came back, rather excited, and asked to see the portrait again. He stood in front of it, and then asked that the upper part of the face should be covered up, Wheu we had done so, he said, with intense satisfaction, 4 Yes, it is the child ; I recognise it by the lower part of the face.' The man, after leaving ns that morning, had gone to a median and asked to be shown, the face of his dead child. How they managed it all I cannot tell, but ha cer tainly came back to ns with the impression tnat our drawing was the portrait of the angel child he had seen in the medium's room." 