Short Story, THE CROSS-ROADS GHOST. Many superstitions still linger in certain parts of Georgia among the simpler, less enlightened class of people, but it was far worse before the war. Then the country was filled with haunted graveyards; haunted houses, and other favorite resorts for ghosts, wnero they were supposed to prowl at any hour between sunset and sunrise. At tho Cross-Roads in Pea-Ridge settle ment was one of those haunted graveyards. To bo sure, no ono could say positively that he had oi-er seen nnything thero moro ghostly than a white sheep, or a cow browsing placidly among the grass- grown mounds, but tho plnco wus avoided by white and blaok. It was an old graveyard, with a deserted church standingin its midst, a church mouldy and weather-beaten, with doora ready to fall from their rusty hiug-s, and gaping shutter less windows. No religious services wore ever held in it, at tho dnto of this story, nnd it afforded shelter for stray sheop and waa a roosting plnco for bats nnd owls. Tho Mor gans lived just up tho road from it, but the Morgan negroes were as shy of tho place as those further away. Miss Sary Ann Morgan was the terror not only of her own household, — or rathor her brother's household.— but of tho entire settlement. Sho ruled her onsy-goinff bro ther, her meek spirited sister Miss Caroline, nnd the negroes, and it wasa sore trial to her that she could not fully subdiio Clem her brother's daughter. But the girl had spirit of her own, and it -vas a constant strugjrlo between them who should como off victorious, when their wills clasned. Work was the watchword of Miss Sary Ann's life, and tho hum of spinning-wheels and the clack of looms could bo henrd on the plantation from daylight until dark,- while few holidays were granted. It was a source of regret to Miss Sary Ann thnt she could not oversee the work of the field-hands as well as tho household servants. Thouoaroes feared and disliked her, for she could not only scold but punish them. v-.ieiii lureu uur geniie aunc uaronne, out Miss Sary Ann ehe regarded simply as a taskmistress. Miss Sary determined that tho girl should have proper training, though it proved ono of the hardest tasks of her life,— Clem had such saucy wilful ways, such a knack for avoiding the unlovely duties put upon her. She was taught to spin, to weave, to sew, and to cooV, and hor ta&ks; set just the same as the negroes. Miss Sary Ann protested bitterly against tho foolishness of sending Clem'a-wny to school. 'Mind my words, Jeff Morgan, you'll bo sony for it whon slin comes baok so stuck up an' lazy thero'll not bo any liviu' in the house with her. The winter schoolin' | is good enough for most o' thn uoijrhbors' j children, nu' I don't see why it ain't for Clementine. Girls ain't no bnsiuess with much book-learnm',' she said. ' Tho winter schoolin' 'is all right a? far uh it goes, Sary Anu, but because I ain't got much education is no reason for not givin' Clem some. She's got a better chance than I had in ray raisin'',' said Jeff, drawing tho tall, bright-faced girl to his side. ' But. haven't you got; along just as well in the world ':' demanded his sister, severely. ' Maybe so : but as I haven't tried the other way, 1 don't know.' with a touch of whimsical humor. You'll have to give in this time, Sary Ann. I ain't interfered much i with your trainin' o' Clem, but I want to take a hand in it now.' So Clem went away one dny, and Miss Caroline wiped her oyos furtively on the ! corner of her apron, for fear her sister m'ght j see her foolishly weeping, aud the negroes were disconsolate. I Education in the South was a much simpler ! thing in those days than it is now, and iu | the year the finishing touches to tho ' winter ! schoolin' had been completed and Clem j Morgan returned home. Sho wns the same j bright, fearless creature that sho had over j been, and yet changes had been brought by that brief contact with tho world throuirh u boarding-school. Her manners had caught a daintier polish, she had learned certain little conceits of dress, and knew in nn imio- | cent charming way how to miiko the most of ! her youth and good looks Sho could em- j broider, she could dance with exquisite grace, I and i must say that those accomplishments were more admired by her neighbors than her knowledge of books. She wore her full flowing skirts long and put up her brown hnir in a cascade of curls, with a few soft be witching littlo ringlets drawn down over her temples. 'I knew she'd be spiled,' said SnryAnn, eying her ribbons and pretty flower- trimmed bonnets with stern disapproval. But no ono alse iu the household found fault with her. ' Ain't sho smart, Ca'line ? said Jeff Mor gan, rubbing his hands together with a chuckle of delight. ' Nobody would think she belonged to us,' that humble-minded, loving spinster re plied. Olem was a sensible, lovablo girl, or she might havo been spoiled by the admiration 3ho received, though sho herself declared that it would be impossible as long as she lived with Sary Ann. Clem's admirers were not confined to the members of her family. Suitors appeared, and then the smooth cirr rents of her life became very stormy. For \ out of all tho beaux who came a-wooing j Jeff Morgan's daughter, she set her heart on j John Grissom, Miss Sary's special aver- | sion. Ho was good-looking, intelligent, and the admiration of the country for his athletic strength and his fine courage. In a wrestle or hand to-hand fight he could not bo con quered by any champinn who had over entered Pea-Ridge settlement. 'He's lazy nn' triflin' an' without a spark j o' religion in his whole body,' said Miss Sary i Ann, setting her lips firmly together. ' He | needn't think o' coreiu' round hero spar- ! kin'.' | ? But ho's not obliged to work, Sary Ann,' j remonstrated her brothor, mildly. 'His j father owns more niggers than any other ; man in the settlement.' ! 'What o' that? Must wo wait t«l we are forcod to work ? It's a lazy' man that'll do it. Because his pa is rich ain't no ex«us:o for him to bo always gallopin' over thu settle j ment with a pack o' hounds nt his hrcls, | a-huntin'. Clementine necden't be thiukin I o' John Grissora, I tell you.' j But 'Clemoritino did think of him a great deal, and permitted him to ride homo from ' meetin' ' with her, relieving Miss Sary Anil's anjrry Bcoldiug in anything hut a meelt spirit. Words ran high, Miss Sary Anu forbade such a thing occurring ugniu, und Clem passionately declared thnt if John could ' As if I enro !' said her aunt, scornfully. ' It ain't them that marrips that is happiest ' And Clem fled to Miss Caroline, weeping Btormily. But tho struggle onded in nppnronfc tri umph for Miss Sary Anu Jeff Morgan had not tho courage to stand up against her temper nnd shrewish tonjrue. Ho hni sub mitted to hor tyrannical will too long to throw ott theyoko, aud persuaded himself that Clem would soon overcome tho fancy... He liked John Grissom, ho seorotly udmlrcd him for Ilia superb strength and fcarlepsuens, but If Sary Ann said that it was jjodlessuess, ho did contradict her. So Clem went about tho house with heavy eyes and a rebellious curvo in hor lips. Miss Sary Ann kept such a closo watch over her that even chance meetings with hor lover wcro not very satisfactory. She sat in the dining-room ono afternoon, ' piooin' quilti' nnd indulging in some tit tor thoughts, whon — ' Hist! Bliss Clem, Misn Ciem,.yo' in dar?' camo in a shrill whiuper from tho window by tho chimney-corner, and a woolly head and u very bluok face- appeared above the window Bill. Clem looked up listlessly from the work. 1 What do you want, Dave?% ? Mars' John uont yo1 dis,' holding up a folded paper. The girl scattered her quilt- pieces right and loft, tho color flying to her face. ' Where did you see hinij Dave ?' ' Down in de big road.' Tho note was but a line hastily sorawled on a slip of paper, but Clem's heart beat quickly as she read : ' Meot mo at tho Cross-Roads church to-night, Clem, my dearest. I must see you.' ' Clementino !' Dave's head vanished from tho window, and his young miatrosB barely had time to thrust tho noto into hor woik-basket boforo Miss Sary Ann entered tho room. ' W hy don't you bring in that piece o' cloth bleachin' on tho g-rass in tho back yard ? It does neom to mo Clementine, that you get more nnd'more neglcotful every day o' your life, an' ? ' ' I will bring iu tho cloth thin instant, Aunt Sary,' said the girl eagerly, nnd in her hnste to esoapo, sho upset tho basket. Sho hurriedly gathered up the work, hut, nlns, not tho innoocnt little note, nnd she had just disappeared from tho room when her aunt's sharv- eyes fell ou it. Sho picked it up and rend it. 'Alia ! that is what they nro up to, is it? meetiu' at the Cross-Ronds,' she muttered, grimly, her eyes scintillating, her gray hair fairly standing on end with indignation. 'What s the matter, Sary Ann!-' in quired Miss Caroline, entering the room rather timidly, but Miss Sury Ann paid no heed to her. ' They're bound to havo their own way' are they? Well, -we'll seo. If talkin' an., scoldin' won't do, then I'll try somo other way o' teuchin' them they can' t go ag'in' me.' ' What ails you V her sister again inquired, curiosity overcoming prudence. ' Read that, un' you'll seo,' she said, fling ing the note to her. ' Dear ! dear !' ejaculated Miss Caroline, and snt down, trembling, not with anger, but in fear of the punishment lnid up for luckless Clem. Sho remembered certain tender passages in her own youth, niid secretly sympathized with the young people; ' You'll not bo hard on hor, Sary A.uu r' she said, entreatingly. 'I'm determined they shan't mnrry, if I havo to luck her up. Il'a a case for sovere measures. Ca'liue, an' I'll try skceriu' her out of the foolislmess.' ' La !' guspcd Miss Caroline. 'Yes. I'm gf'in' to piny the graveyard gtost to-night when she passes by, sin' I don't think she'll want to Feo John Grissoin again, certainly not at the Cross-Roads The idee o' them 'pintin' a meetiu' right, under my noso, us it were ! I'll show 'cm what I can do. If I don't ekcor the life out o' 'em !' Timid, superstitions Miss Caroline nhivercd nnd cast an involuntary glance behind her. 1 But won't you bo afraid ?' Miss iary Ann sniffed contemptuously. ' Afraid ? No. ^Don't be a plum fool, Ca'line.' ' But you know that place is really ha'nted. It hasn't been long sin'ie Andy, comin' from his wife's house, was mighty near slieored to death pnssin' thcro. What if you was to sea somelhiu' ?' ' I'm not a coward, afraid o' my own shndder. But d'lu'tyou toll Clementine any tiling, nbnut this, or I'll ? ' She did not finish the threat, but Miss Curoline faltered und promised to keep silent, though it cost her a sore pung to do Dave crept softly out from tho chimney uomor, his black fiico twisted into a queer grininco, his eyes shining like beads. He wnsn tall, wiry boy, about seventeen years old, unusually .??hrewd and quick-witted, and ? the hci'p'!roat of the place. Ho wns charged with nil the untrnccahle stealing aud lying and various other mfedauieanors, and he hated Miss Sary Ann as strongly us he loved Clem. Hor pl'in to frighten his young mis tress filled him with wrath and terror. 'De debbil gwine act dat 'omnn, sho',' he muttered between his sharp white teeth. If he could only turn her own scheme agnin-t hor ' Could lie pluck up courage to outer the graveyard after dark? IMro he risk her wrath should the discover the trick? But what a sweet revenge it would be to mire her ! It wouW not only be a righte ous defence of Miss Clementine, but .vould repay him for some of tho hi-ihinjjs he had received. While thinking the mutter over, ho inadvertently strolled around the corner of tho house where Miss Sary Auu couH fee h ui from the kitchen door. ' You Dave,' she instantly screamed, 'whut do yon mean idlin' there, an' the pigs uot fed, nor the cows turned into the lot ? It's a wonder to mo your bones don't drop to pieces with laziness.' He scampered nimbly away towards tho barns and stables, shaking his fist at her whon safely hidden from her eyes. That evening. Miss Sary Ann, having secured a large sheet— it would not require a vBrv elaborate urhost to friirbteii the irirl. she argued — slipped out through the brick gnte, walked by tho lot and the scope of woods beyond, nnd entered tho grnveynrd. Dave, lying under tho apple- trees iu the back yard, rose and stealthily followed her. The moon wns rising, and silvery shafts of light marked the openings between the treep, fulling here on an uncovered mound, there on a whitewashed head-board. \ Tho windows in the old church were like black eyeless j sockets, and an owl hooted dismally as it flew under the eaves. If Miss Sury Aun's courage weakened und she thought of tho unpleasant stories connected with the place, her steady, unfaltering steps did not betray it. Not so with tho boy stealing like u shadow after her. His knees quaked, his cowardly soul grew fniut within him. Every snapping twig, every funtastic shadow, mado | his wool stand on end, sent a fiwh ague of terror over him. At tho edge ,of tho grnvo yard ho hesitated an iustnut, tempted to throw off his disguise aud take to 1'in heels, but the romembranco of past injuries and Iho thought of serving his young mistress nerved him to skulk in uuioug the graves Mis* Sary Ann stationed horsolf under a low spreading cedar no-r tho roadsido, and j Duvo crawled slowly aud cautiously near her, crouching behind a pile of loose stones. Thus they waited, while the moon roso higher, and the mysterioui'-lodking shadows falling over the graves, shifted their positions and assumed new shfpes. A ghostly wiud sprung up in Knmo muck hollow of tho woods, swoptover the burying ground, rattled the tottering ohtiFch doors, aud passed sighingly away.- The superstitious, negro. crouched lower in his hiding plnce to escape tho spirits of the night. It was 8 gruesome spot for n lovers' tryst. but John UiiKsom, not- feeling afraid ot 'mull, beast, ?? or devil,' cuuld not couceivo of cowurdice iu others, iu Clem least of all Clem walked down the road, singing softly to keep up her courage, hor eye* straying in uiiwillinjr' fnsoiuutiou towaniH the grave yurd. Secretly nhe wished that her lover had selected some more cheerful spot for the meeting, but the thought of seeing him moved her to hasten on. It was tho moment Miss fary Ann had been impatiently waiting for, and onvolopod in the sheet with only | un opening left for hor eyes to behold and i onjoy the girl's terror, she slowly rose und j stepped out from under the codar. At the j same instant Dave mude his uppennince in I the full sheen of moonlight, and Clem had ! a pair of ghosts to comtomphito The b-y j had allowed his imagination full play in his | muko- up, and the effect was truly mnrvulhnis.. ] Naturally black us the ace of spades, he. luirt adorned his face with brjad chalk rings. A white skull-oup, with hnius attached, on his j heud, und a long shupeless white covering ovnr his body, guvo him a truly satauio 'Uppenranoo. It was altogether too much for Clem, For a moment sfcg stood «8 though trunnfixcd in the red dust of tho road, then, catohing a ghmpae of her lover hastening from the ' ohurnh stops, rfio uttered a shriek of minglod jWand terror, and fled straight to his arms. Ihen it was Mies Sary Ann's turn to seo tho other ghost, and at first sho simply stared witnunnohovingeyesatit. Had the thinir risen out of the solid earth, or materialise! from the empty air ? Sho felt her hair rising stiffly, her blood seemed to bo congealing in hor veins. Hor knees shook, hor hoart be came as water. It wns rotrihnHon. Smnn him^lf 1,nd come for her. Sh.. who would havo hcoHc! at ghost*. fl..ut(.d th.. cowardly terrors of others, boasting of h«.r ,,wn iron nervo. frit amply punished at that m.menc K|(l ed with his snnccss Dnvo nttomd „ HPpU1.-hral groan and advanced a pi, ,. t,,,var.l« her. With a scream that Bturtlmi tho bats and tho owk and raised a hundred echoo*. sho stumbled over a grave and fled up the road home, trailing her ghostly draperies aftor hor. It was so good an illustration of the old story, J*un, white dovil, blaok devil catch you' the negroes wero fond of telling, that John' -*nssom shouted with laughter and mud on .he flight The poor woman heard him, out, in hor demoralized state of mind im- ! agined it to bo a demoniac luughter. She : had been completely routed, her arrogant couragogono her dignity upset. Tho faster she ran the greater her terror, and when sho reached tho houso she stumbled up the piazza steps and fell at her brother's feet, begging him to save her. It throw tho household and tho negro quarters info great commotion, for tho news that Miss bury Ann had neon tho devil flew liko tho wind over the place. Tho negroes did not doubt it ; tho only wonder was that, he did not get her After hearing his sister's account of the matter, Jeff Morgan walked down to tho brass Roads ; but the burying ground lay hnlf in shadow, half iu moonlight, desortep peaceful with the melancholy pence of death'. Oleni and her lover were pacing up und down S Tf tllll;iu&. «nd Morgan kindly ordered them to go with him to the houso to hnish their conversation, as ho did not wish Ucm to run any risk of being borne away by ovil spirits. j j Sober daylight thoughts convince! Miss jsiiry Ann that she hud been imposed upon, but it was too lato to reassert hor author ity. 'I don't see as it's any use to keep up this foolishness,' said her brother. '-You didn't seem to have much success in skeerin' Clem so I think that we'll let her and John marry.' Sho was not silenced, but as the story of tho ghost leaked out in the settlement she was so scourged with jests and joera that she was gliid to yield. ' As for Dave, he kept the secret of his part . in that adventure, ardently as he longed to ' tell it, for he know that if Miss Pury Ann leat ned the truth his punishment would be severe. He was part of Clenjor.tino'8 mar ringe dowry, and yenrs after lie had becomo a faithful and highly vilaed house-servant he confessed to her Jr.* share in that, ir'i t walkingat r.hn Orcin Roads. Matt G-im 