BISHOP EENNION AND CONTINUITY. TO THE KDITOK. Sir— It of too happens that he who pride* himself on being a etiokler is a shuffler. 'Two and Two Make Four' turns and twists doctrine into discipline and discipline into doatrine with marvellous velocity. I have touched him on » tender part ; he ii vexed. I am aorry. He protests th«6 I have gone bask eoino centuries to fish up Bona. Why should he make this % bone of contention? He is an authority. I will, however, approaoh near our own time, and quote from 'an encyclical letter from 1'ope Gregory XVI., 1832, ad dresaed to all Patriarchs, Primates, Arch bishops, and Bishops, to prove that the Italian Church doea invest the Virgin Mary with the attributes of deity: — 'We hasten unto you, venerable brethren, and as a sign oE our goodwill towards you wo address, this letter to you on this most joyful day, when we solemnize th9 festival of the triumphant assumption of the Holy Virgin into heaven, that she whom we have acknowledged an our patroness and deliverer amongst the greatest calamities, may pro pitiously assist us while we write, and by her celestial inspiration may guide us to such councils aa may be most salutary to the Christian Church.' Here is * Pope who has confirmed false doatrine. We read in 1 Timothy xi. 5 that ' there is one mediator between God and man, the man Jesus,' and Gregory confidently ascribes to the Virgin the very powers which Scripture and tradition give to the Holy Ghost. To thank your friend for putting you in the way of salvation is a different thing to saying, ' He ia your salvation. ' It is an insult to address God through a creature. No sane person would go even to the Virgin Mary for help when the Saviour, who died for us, is so accessible. It is rank idolatry. ' Four11 writes of the Eucharist thus :— ' The constant belief, teaching, or doctrine of the Cacholio Church in this matter is, and always has been, that whether one re ceives the Eucharist under one species, say of bread, necessarily receives both body and blood, whioh iu the living Christ aro .inseparable.' This statement is not true, for Pope St. Gelaaiua affirms plainly 'that it is a great Bacrilege' to do bo. Again, Gelasius teaches that in 'the eacrarcentof the body and blood of Chriat cue substance or nature of the bread and wine does not cease to exist,' whilst the Very Rev. Joseph Faa Di Bruno, 1).D., of St. Peter's Italian Church, Rome, in his exposition of Catholic doctrine writes : — 'Under the species of bread and under the BpecieB of wine this most blessed Sacrament) oonlains really truly everlastingly, though not perceptibly to our senses, the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ, together with his soul acd divinity, whioh cannot possibly be separated from His holy body and blood.' Here is a confusion of opinions and doctrines among high authorities— 'supreme authority.' I agree with ''Four' 'that in the first centuries of Christianity people taught and believed strange things,' but nothing eo strange as ia taught now. Hera is a strange passage from the life of a Koman Catholio canonized saint, St. Alphonsua Lignori : — ' His loving patroness, our Blessed Lttdy, rewarded his zeal in tho cause of charity and de votion by appearing to him in the sight of an immense crowd of people collected in the Church of Flogga to listen to a discour.se upon his favourite subjeot, the intercession and patronage of Mary. From her countenance a ray of light like that of the sun was reflected upon the face of her devoted servant, which was seen by all the people, who cried out 'A miracle, a miracle !' and recommended them selves with great fervour and many tears to the Mother of God ; and many women of abandoned life were seized with such intense sorrow that they mounted upon a platform in theChuroh and began to discipline themselves and cry aloud for mercy, and then leaving the Church retired to tho house of penitents in that city.' Aiphonsus in his judicial attesta tion deposed that during the sermon he, together with tho aasembleil audience, saw tho countenance of the Blessed Virgin resembling that of a girl of fourteen or fifteen years of sge, who turned from side to 6ide, as was wi&neesed; by every ono present. Whilst he was preaching on the patronage of the Blesaed Virgin, and exciting his hearers to recur with confidence to har in nil their wants he suddenly exclaimed, 'O, you are too cold in praying to the Blessed Lady. I will pray to her for you.' He knelb down in the attitude of prayer with his eyes raised to heaven, and was seen by nil present to bo lifted more than a foot from the ground and turned towards the status of the Blessed Virgin near tho pulpit. Tho countenance of our Lady (the statue) dartod forth baams of light, which shono upon the face of tho ecstatic Alphonsns. This spectacle lantod five or she minutes, during which the people cried, ' ' Meroy, mercy '. a miraole, a miracle !' and every on9 burst into tears. But the Saint riein? up exclaimed in a loud voice, 'Be glac, for the Blessed Virgin ha3 granted your prayer.' If this bad taken place in a lunatics asylum no ona would be surprised, but in the face of tha constant denial of the charge that the Churoh of Rome does pray to the Virgin, to gsy the least for it, it is strange. I will risk tho disulpasure of 'Four,' and repeat that silly vain women, iddle-pated mon, adventurers, and schemers are now and then run into tho fold of Romanism by her trained proselycizers, hunted, tracked, jostled, frightened, and weaned. I have Been the little Book of Perverts in the Roman Catholic depot, and a sorrowful tale some of tho people there mentioned oould tell. High - sounding titles, big nan-93 of decayed gentility, doctors and professor.', nos many poor working people. A title, an old family name, or a decree is no guarantee that the possessor ha3 common sense. If the names of those who have left the fold of Rome were printed the Roman Catholic depot would not hold the half of thorn. It is true Dr. Kennion spoke of the continuity of the Anglioan Church, find ' Two and Two 'Make Four' attacked the Bishop's words. But* instead of disproving it he has elicited the fact that his own Church is in a worse plight and will not bear close inspection. Our Lord said to Simon Barjona, who was familiarly known as Peter before our Lord noticed him, 'Thou art Peter, ''not thou shalt bo Peter, thou shalt bo callt-f) Cepha?. Peter was biassed beoause the Father revealed to him that 'Christ; was the son of the liviner God,'upcn that doctrine as upon a rock 'I will build my Church.' Juntas I might say to jTour correspondent, thou art called 'Two and Two Make Four,' blessed art thou for having attained to such know ledge, thou shalt bo called a calculating machine. On this prinoiple of correct reasuring I will carry out my business albeit he may he the most leather-headed creature in the world. TheChuroh of Rome teachea much without divine authority, but nothing has she lesB ground* for maintaining than her connection with St. Peter. I am, Sir, &o.; , O. ZANX. Adelaide, October 2. 