/ Bnmstead'g Bos:. (By James Gbeettwood.) / — — — — [Al.Ii BIGHTS HE8EBVHD.1 I have no antipathy for the canine kind. ?I have kept a dog myself , and so valued its companionship that' the tex-: on. him Was always paid, if not. with cheerful willing ness with unfailing punctuality. I am not indisposed to agree with the poet who sayB ' it is good to hear the honest watchdog I bark. But there is a wide difference I between simple barking1 and a fitful yelp I ing, varied at frequent intervals with a I wailing whine, as though the wretched I animal was suffering agonies through -»lic, I or some other internal ailment. I Bad enough to listen to in the daytime, I 'but in the dead stillness of night to be help I lessly subjected to the dreadful infliction I was, I respectfully 'submit, sufficient to ihake I one not only meditate but put into execu I tion plans of vengeance that as an unexas I perated individual he would be incapable of. I It depends, of course, on the degree o£ ex I asperation, and, as the deed to which I was I goaded may from a humanitarian point of I view appear so atrocious as to merit any I amount of punishment that ensued on it, it I .may be as well for me to explain the circum stances of the case. My residence at the time was in a suburb of London delightfully picturesque- — espe- cially during the summer months — but rather lonely. It was, one of a pair of villas, the next nearest houses being several hundred yards distant. I had no next door neighbor when I took possession, but when at last he came — he and Tiiw family — they brought a dog with them. A half-bred collie, so his master said. ' A shaggy, ugly ? beast, with a great moist' mouth, which was always ajar showing his teeth. 'It is a capital fellow for keeping guard,' remarked my new neighbor the first day he came. ' No fear of thieves getting in the back way while he is about. By Jove, sir, he can scent them a quarter of a mile off, and he lets you know it, too.' There was no misdeseription in the last mentioned respect. He let us know it almost unceasingly from half-past 10 at : night, when he was turned loose in the back garden, uutil within an hour of daylight next morning. We were previously unaware of nocturnal marauders prowling round, but according to that half-bred collie's account there were scores of them, and it was a miracle that our premises had not been ran sacked, and we ourselves murdered in our beds, months ago. ' Did you hear him ?' the gentleman next door gaily inquired, and when I rather rue fully responded that there could be no possibility of a mistake about that, and re marked that I supposed it was being sti^nge to the place made him keep it up so, he smilingly assured me that that had nothing to do with it. He was always like it. We could only hope that it was not so, but it proved to be a terrible fact. The second night was, if anything, worse than the first, and the third fairly up to the average. Neither my wife nor myself could get a wink of sleep, and rose in the morning feverish, haggard, and irritable. At the expiration of a week I ventured, mildly and persuasively, to represent 'to nay- next- -door neighbor that we should feel grateful if he could conveniently accommodate- Vixen in. his washhouse at night time instead of allowing it the range, of the garden. Up to that time we had no reason to speak of him as other than an amiable and polite person, but my reasonable request upset him at once. Confound it all ! What had I got to grumble about ? I shared in the benefit of being pro tected from robbers without it costing me one penny towards the faithful creature's keep ! What more- did I want ? To this I made answer that I didn't want as much even,' ajtd that I would prefer taking my risk o$ robbers to being worried into a brain fever. ' But to this Ids un complimentary response was ' Pooh !' and he went in, banging his back door. Nightly for another week -was the tor ture repeated, and then I resolved that I would have no more of it. I purchased a ^lb of lean and tender steak, and carrying it to a chemist, with whom I was acquainted, got him to dose it judiciously with prussic add. 'I don't say that he will never howl again after he has swallowed this meal,' remarked the dispenser of drugs, grimly, ' He will give you one good one as the last I dare say. But you won't mind that ?' Between half -past 10 and 11, the time when Vixen was turned loose, and about an hour before, and while my neighbor 'was within doors at supper, I got over the low dividing fence at the further end of the garden, and placed the ' doctored ' meat on a cabbage leaf, and where my four-legged enemy would be sure to discover it. Then I returned to my own little room that had a rearward look out from the window, and put on my slippers, and lit my pipe, and kept vindictive watch for what might happen. It was a moonlight night, and my view of Bumstead's garden was complete, so that ?when the tragedy commenced I should be able to witness it to the end. But it was not to be. I had been at the window not more than 10 minutes, when . a startling apparition attracted my watchful eye. There were fields beyond the palings at the end of the garden, and, revealed by the moonlight, there stood a ragged youth looking over that part of them that enclosed Bumstead's pre mises. Presently he caught sight of the steak lying on the cabbage leaf, and in an \- inetant leapt the barrier, and, securing' the prize, which he thrust in the bosom of his dilapidated pocket, leapt back again, and vanished. I saw it all with perfect distinctness, and . could have recognised him again from among ' a thousand. A lanky young fellow, with a ' scraggy throat, and a long, narrow face, with a large nose of the type known as ' fioman,^ and & fiery-red head of hair. I was so appalled that for several seconds I could not move from the window. There could be no shadow of a doubt as to what the wretched iad; Would do with the meat. He would eat-itj and swift. death would ensue, and I should be hie murderer ! '' In my dressing-gown and slippers I rushed from the house, and scaled the low palings, and pursued him, 'But he had a long start, \- and was at the far end of the second field, Trhen running my fastest I hailed him. ' Hi, hi, my lad — -my goodlad, pray stop 1 ? I wish to speak to you 1' But the good lad had his reasons for de clining an interview, and exercised his long legs in such a way that lie was speedily out of Bight * It was in vain that I kept on for a mile or more. He was gone. In an agonised state of mind, I made my way homeward. I had lost a slipper, and was splashed with dirt from, neck to heels, panting and perspiring. I hoped to be able to get back .into .the house unobserved, but it was Impossible. ' My loud outcries when I started in. the chase had been heard in both abodes, and ] when! had crossed the fields, -and arrived ! at our garden palings, there was my wife and our servant, and the whole of the Bum stead family, eager to know what was the j matter. I dare not tell all the truth, but I ; told part of it. I had, I said, seen a fellow climbing the palings, and had been after him, but wouldn't catch him. Mr. Bumsfcead grinned knowingly. 'But yet we are to keep our watchdogs shut up in wash houses, eh P' he remarked. « Not if I know it.' It was a matter of perfect indifference' to me after that where he kept his own brute, I mean as regards its preventing me from sleeping. Compared with what I had -to keep me awake now, Vixen's howling and : whining 'was a soothing lullaby. The horrible crime of which I had inadvertently been guilty haunted me both night and day. I was afraid even to seek relief in slumber, for, sure as ever I ' dropped ofE,' though it was in my easy chair, the prowling vaga bond appeared to me, not full of active life as when he1 fled, but in ghostly shape, shrouded and pallid, and pointing at me the finger of accusing. I had to go to London daily to attend to my business ; but I no longer had any heart for it. My appetite failed me, the hue of health forsook nay cheeks; I was really ill. My friends, of course, observed it, 'and my wife insisted on my consulting our doctor. He examined me, and pronounced my ailment to be indigestion. He was right in one sense, but he little knew what it was I could not digest. It would have been a comfort to me if I could in any way have made reparation. The poor fellow dead and gone was beyond reach of earthly relief, but he might have relatives. It did not follow that because he was an outcast wretch, in rags and not over honest, that there was not somebody who loved- and cared for frim — perhaps who depended on him. An aged mother, maybe, or a younger sister or brother. If I could find out anything about him and his belong ings I might at least endeavor to do some good in this direction. For days and weeks I searched the local newspapers, expecting to find under the heading ' dead body found' some account of the hapless red haired youth, and perhaps of his people who attended at the inquest. But nothing of the kind appeared in print, and weeks and months passed and my bur dened conscience still made my life a misery. At last matters came to a climax. Ab I have alreadv said. I had to attend every day to office duties in London, and now and then was detained until such a late hour that the last trains were gone. On such occasions if the weather was bad I took a cab, but if it was fine I preferred to walk and save cab fare. This last was the case one night in the early part of the spring of the present year. My residence being north of Islington and my place of business in High Holborn, I found it convenient to go through certain narrow 'ways as a short cut to the main road. It was seldom that my victim was oxit of my mind, but it happened that I was not then thinking about hrm -when — the neighboring church of Clerkenwell had just tolled out 12 o'clock — a ghost appeared to me ! It was in. a dark and dingy street and with out a moment's warning he rose out of his grave as it were, and confronted me. He was draped in 'white ' from head to foot, his form was lank, his face long and narrow, Vn» nose Roman, and his hair fiery-red. I recognised 'kirn on the instant with a ] gasping cry, I shrank back, and j would have turned and run, but my legs refused. I could only back away from the awful spectre, while, with a hideouB grinning visage, it still came at me. At last it spoke — 'Don't be alarmed guv'nor. Have you got such a thing as a lucifer-mateh to give me?' It was not a sepulchral voice, and why he wanted a match he indicated in earthly fashion by exhibiting a pipe filled with tobacco, but unlit. « Who — who are you ? ' I demanded. ' I works at the bake'ue what you just now see me come out of,' returned the ghost. 'Were you ever — ever at Finchley?' I ventured. . ' ?;? ' I dessay,' he answered, lightly, ' I was mooching about a lot before I came across this here job at the baker's.' ' But, tell me this. Did you ever climb a paling at Finchley and steal a piece of steak out of a back garden f' 'Course I did,' he replied, grinning, and much good it did me.' ' Did you good ! Do yon mean to say that you ate it, and that ? -' 'I mean to say I didn't eat it,' he interrupted niej.' I intended to. There was a chap he run after me, and i got into a' barn to get out of his way, and there I fell asleep, and -when I -woke up blest if the rats, hadn't found my bit of steak and eat the lot. But you haven't told me whether you have got a lucif er-match or not.' ' I have not got a match,' I exclaimed, taking him by both hands in a way that for the moment seemed to alarm him, ' but I have got half-a-crown, and you can buy as' many as you please with it. Be kind to rats ever after this, baker, for they saved yourlife.' L ~r I believed that he thought I 'was 'intoxi cated. So I -was— with Joy. I never walked home more blithely from Holborn to Finch ley before or since, and I went to bed and slept like a top^ though Bumstead's dog was singing the bid tune in the back garden. -? [the end. 2 