LOOKING BACKWARD A Ratroapoct at Victor!* Murine 1003—Ths Political, Monetary.Socfa!,Commercial and Industrial Hawpeniag* cf tbe put Yeaj— The Pro£re*« «r Mining. Agriculture, Pastoral Purroita and Mamafactwaa— chat* Wltn tbe RepntoiUtini c* Australia'* Staple Puratilte — "Agrlcola" on New aetha* or Furoinc — The "Economist" arenas oa the Financial Conditio* tta Piwvlnca —Ttw tfcord of the t^ofgue. (Copyngkt—Thc Ft&rml; jtsnactm e/ J Tilt year 1893 has mdnibtidlj proved tofke pessimist much that his carping soul delights in, for in ^ood truth little has obtained towards the improvement or extrication from the slough of despondency and consequent depression with which it vts ushered in Revelations of fraud, chicanery, in rotten commercial and financial institutions hare been common, and tbe pens o( (he diurnal and hebdomadal scribes have-been pushed along at high-pressure speed in their efforts to record the nKtcaos of those institutions in which thousands had trusted. Commercial quid ««*a ambtgaoasly advised their friends that such-and-such a. bank would be the next to go, and their prognostications, unfortunately. proved only too true. The "busy iiaunts of men " were peopled with victims of the financial exists, and deluded or dilatory shareholders were met with anxious faces hurrying along to the tajiks they were interested in to find the doors closed. The torrent of indignation became turgid, public meeting were held, affairs discussed, depositors and shareholders, in many instances, were bewildered by the array of figures presented to them either upon printed sheets or delivered on rottuUo. But dissatisfaction was paramount. Accountants of long-standing and experience were called upon to explain their views of the situation, and chaos almost came again at least so far as mathematical questions were concerned. Persons in high places were openly accused of fraud, arrests followed, preliminary hear ing, trials (the latter in some cases bringing the fradulent delinquents to terms of imprisonment), whilst in other instances, the law's delay was decidedly conspicuous, and it was not until after protracted Police Court proceedings that anything approaching the functions of magisterial ruling was correctly arrived at. It yet remains to be decided by tbe higher authorities what course justice will take in her endeavours to sheet home fraud and corruption to those directly accused. It is still a matter of wonder that many directors immediately cooconcerned in the working of the several banks which collapsed are not placed upon their trial to account for their stewardship. Why in their position of trust, direction aud responsibility, were they not seized of the fact of their individual banks being in an unsound condition, and above the PlimsoII mark, so to speak, of safety and solvency. The scbemc of re-const ruction was flaunted in the eves of the deluded depositors, many of whom did not know the meaning of the term so much so that when the banks reopened their doors the ignorant ones stormed the managers* offices, and implored, with all the persuasive eloquence at their command, for an instant return of their moneys. Of course their requests were not acceded to, and they withdrew invoking vengeance and anathematising the authors of their undoing. And they were by no means to blame. There were many shareholders and favored depositors who had received large overdrafts and thereby depleted the coffers of capitals which should have remained almost intact to t-nsuR.- the stability of the several banks they were placed in. tn a word, tbe reckless allowance of overdrafts was at the bottom of of tbe suspension. Sir Fuddlesby Hoodwink, the Hon. Diddlem Takedown, Throwsby Dnslroeyes, Esq., and others of their ilk. appeared in circulars, advertisements, lialance-sheets and pre js reports as chairman and members of the boards of directors and shareholders, and the muttons represented by the public swallowed all the soft fodder purveyed to them. At last the supply gave out through the inquisitiveness and dubiety of the English shareholders, and a very bad attack of commercial indigesiioo was the result. Hatters having reached a critical point political influence, with tbe sanction of the Acting- Governor. intervened, and on Sunday, 30th April, a Government Gazette was issued, proclaiming five days' holiday for tbe banks with the view of allaying the public panic. This action 00 the part of the Government was diversely criticised during the following day, I st May, and there occurred some exciting scenes in Collins-street, altogether unique in tbe history of the Australia* The suspended and re-coustructing banks at this time were the English, Scottish ahd Australian Chartered, The London Chartered, The Standard and National were partially open for the receipt of money and trust accounts. The Commercial was to have re-opened but remained closed in obedience to the Government proclamation. Of the six remaining banks of issue, four, viz . The Bank of New South Wales, the Victoria, tbe City and Colonial also acted in accordance with the Government notification and remain closed. The Bank of Australasia and the Union Bank, however, apparently opposed the edict and opened transactions in all business that was legally possible. On the Tuesday following the Bank of New South Wales followed suit, and 00 the Wednesday the Colonial Bank and the City Bank collapsed, followed on the 9th by the Bank of Victoria after forty years' business. Tbe City Bank put off the imminent day till tbe 17th, when its doors were closed, and at the c ud of January tbe Federal Bank joined the throng. Tbe English press had likewise condemned tbe actios of the Victorian Government in proclaiming these holidays, and as previously remarked, dissatisfaction was rampant among alt those em meshed in the financial met. The only allurement held out was a promise to pay is five years' time, when more than probably the only result will be a bigger smash than that just experienced. We have plunged in me4t*t res into the chief cause of the year's dire depression, without regard to strict chronological order in the relation of matter Cram the commencement of t%3. OB the 4th of April tbe Commerciai Bank ispftoiW payment, the inh (he English- Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank mxambed, and ou the *5*h the London Chartered Bank gaw up the ghost: the Standard. wbi=h in i%a had been forced to accept the inevitable, yos driven «o the same extremity ou the 28th of April of this year; and the following fey saw the suspension *he National Bank. • to Leaving suspended banks to ««** other financial institutions it «s refreshing to reflect that OJooial Life Assnsance Societies are advancing ateadUy and shearing a strong hold upon confidence of the coounumty. Certainly large bonnet aw an altanng bait, but when It is considered that the be* societies haw cardaHy cwmdered the advantages of an accmmaWed bonus scheme to policy holders, ^ accordedto them. Pwsotsmg ^ should «cnr within twenty-live years of date of assurance, if the p«rm.ums are paid up. tbe sum assured is fr addit.oe rrtunjrf the new pernio* w of the army of bank sasjmssions we dilated upon as a pK&nmary; or should absolutely itself to tbeconsideratian «t all to be secure in the event of evil times faffing upon thou. In abort these la no powOdessssnacebat mutual asmmwe, aad the beat cf mutual aianroueei* with Shone cua*|iauit* wlw*e anets are ts tbe spot. The llituil of Victoria which baa evidently profited by-tbe di-aatrou* experiences of fallen financial tmUtutieMi and bettered tbe xnatnictiun by evulrirg tafe and secure advantage* tor nil annuitant*. Iis managementia -'in the know," ei ucerning Australian monetaiy matter* far mora M than any foreign Assurance Society uffioers, hence there on be no two a) nn >onc concerning the choice of Institution with which to iraccaet LB* Aanusoe. This particular society oa its la*t annual ^tnbutun of bonuses did an boa a fund «f orer £I,0Q >,<X>0, the atb Vain* «f wliit b exceeded £5>)0,000. Im tLc preceding year, 1692, 12,585 new foKctes a m ianBed for oranaoi, amounting tm £3,791,221. the mw aaanal income from, pnaikns being The fnnda now amount to £tt,XM.418' And pawing ti toon Ufa Assurance to death, which la not an abrupt transition, tbe opeaing if tbe iiew year was marked by the decease of the Claief Jtntre of Victeria, Kt. Gen. Iliginbottuim, who bad expired on the last ir»y of the at d year. In life he had been n consistent Mid UDOoropriimifing democrat. He bid Lived for forty }«*a in Victoria, and during ao *4itt and busy te a), | otitic*], and j**n»l»:ic caretr, the only rewud for putdio duties performed b* looked tor was from (he tieoji9c. Be dedined knighthood, hut he reed-red with wtupml apf «-ci»tKm ll<e vr4c of t Lanls tendered by Pat.iament fcr the etupctiTMia* fc ek be had patterned, tb-t of cooratfda Sag Ihm VtooKur Btatntn. -tisrffcdof luast «»»« bfflffl* «o b* ovcrwerit, st (be n f Aeeoiding to hi* opo* *Uu* enjv'DM. 1 during the last Un y.ar* of La life be w* a te be buried privately, wiiict net was peril *med much to the dirmppouttDent of tfaewfa de etMimimity, ty wham be wu revered aad i Ted tor ids amiability, devotion to duty, and hi* oonaa- ni»ut adherence to principt «* he thought just *D<i right. Con'inning Ike uhituaiy record for the year. may be 1 ecurded th*t «m tbe 17th of January, llr Tin tnUag, Member I .• giiktiw Council, c a parted this lite, lie bad bees an early adv. -cate f<» tbe U-:iit Hour movement, tbe 1 an> as' Trattafer Act. and aim protective dotlo*. By cable fnaa Li ^Iand it wa* learot Lhat Jamcn UvCnUcicfa. who had once been a. x; tn»t |>owcriul political factor ia Victoria hsd 1 tied < n the Slat Jannaiy,at t - wefl,Jinrr.y,it bis •evtntyfourth ytu. He was l'r^ r"uer of .tLe colany on tour different occw4ao*. lit March, Matthew Long, ex- major of Melbourne, wbo> bad filled the niayoml chair Iv tiixee •noxaiie yeaxa died. £. L ktciaUl, M L C-, died at Adelaide, S.A-, «m Sunday uoaugf, itith April. In tlw foilowin^ n^anth Iiavid liobtrt \Vyllie. member (tr N orth UelhoKTue. in the I emulative AsaefDUj, and Labour Party advocate, died of syncope of the heart, rapervming an attack of jwralyeia, at the early age of 36. Wm. t'canon. fi.i..C, for the Eaatern Province, died loth August. Tbe probate ditr paid ia this catats added largely to the {-nb^ic r renoe. Ibe prop ertj detailed in the latsgeatlaman s will aad luhls to the payment of duty, was m m at 13, npn which i20.->fil was pnid an dnty. Futtenwe the property asqriej in MtUanaiti liable to duty, was stated at £12,176, upon which £1900 was pud. Tte daty paid in all totalled £22,551 Ammtg the real estate wa* Kilmtny Park, tlw adh known sheep stathm, near linaedale James CaupbeU, Miniater of PnUio Instruotiea and Commiasaoner of Cntcm*, died on 8ataiday„ 16th September, of cancer. aiter many waek'a of terrible sutteriog. Tbe Government office* were dared at noon-no the 1Mb hut. a* a token of ropect for the deceased. At ISeodfgo 00 tbe same day another Vetera Parliamentarian. liotiert Burrewes, M I. A., paaaed away. Hie had been elected altogether elev.a timca, aad Ida Parliamentary expcfitSCe extended over twenty-seven veazx. OnTneaday, :-td October, Kobert E. Wnllan, Weil-known in literary aad commcnaal-caxcie^ died M board tbe V.'airatapa, at Antiland, KJt., of paralysis. Another wellknown and esteemed colonist, the fieri. How Kane, whose Victorian career had boy hnmal sad lengthy, died at Brighton, on llth November.. Now ones more pass we on to tbe afiabs cf tbe living. Ia January a successor to the late George Higinbatham was- looked abont for, and it was thought that Justice U'SliamB would be offered the appointment. However, the upshot of the matter was that Mr. Shiela, tbe then Premier and Attorney-Oaaeral, together with his colleagues, trotted) Dr. Madden to aeoapt that office, which he did. Parliament after a short Christmas vantiim re assembled on 10th January, with Mr. Sbifl'a at the bead of afislm. Tbe psBtieal. harmnetcr st about thi« time was pointing to equally wna thee, aad on the Mr. IWenoa, the preaeot premier, tabled a want of confidence motion. Oa the l&tfc;, thn Shiel'a Goremmeut waa defeated by fnrtyfivt vote* to forty-iwo, after a debate which wa* the tbornt on record. Oa 20th January 11 r. Patterson out of thn material plrnd at bis diKpnaal fanned * Minitry wbich wna cooatitnted ss follows: — 3. B. Patterson, Premier, Chief Secretary aad Minister of Railway* ; G. I). Carter. Treamrer; Bryan O'Laghien, Attorney-Genesml; Mr. tmacs, Solicitor-Ueneral. Mr. U-Coll, MiniSkeraC Mines and Water Supply; Mr. M'lntjre, Lands. Mr. Campbell, Education iid CuaUnn*; Mr. Webb, Pubiio Worita awl jSiricuitore; Mr. K. Baid, Mintabar br IMeaccs; Mr. A. Wynne. PoatausUc- General. On the 1st of Fotmaxy, He. Patterson unfolded the Mini* aid pengramme at I aatkmaine, and mot witk a warn demons'ration. On the <th of F*traty Mr. Pattemoa wna returned: fa Laving been oppened by Mr Fmnria l *agmore. Mr. I attoaoa soond UMA>, thn voting majority being gruwally ab*ut two fen one. t ariiament n *nnmUtid oa Itth ttbraary. On the 16th a-bsard. ni enqniqr sst te try and 4mmr thawhenmbvatnof thn miMdng mace, which bad. bean mjulninnnly stolen from the Boons «f Barihonaab. Their efforts wete bade*, however, and tbe bauble still renulce nndixavm J. The board, at any rate, disoxaeed wbne thn made bad ast Inn. aad adman of eurhonor ia vindicated," bended fay £peaier Beat, iiwt. Pariiamcat wna prueeigaed oa ML Masdi by the Admiabtialnr of the Gov***mint, and rMpsnsd *s 28th Joan, what the man features pmeatsd wen: the fiatDctachsMnf: Scheme, wbadf the petmancsa axpsnditure of theprarince could bn rednoa4£tit)0,«W)o ow^ £S00.W90 a year; tbe policy nf a4diti<«nl tavstloa to bring up the tavuann at h*>t<f the next year 1ml with thntwar'snxpendl— tam; a srliiisi'i atlandafed- vfljagee«tlJin»u«t tnptnvlafa adequately far the feopte gettinc. "hmA. to the land," wktch hbop U> then anyhow. Tbe tnOnaf mvunswi for tha. fhmnrial year ap to June, 1893. wansad retamtilinmnl canandaanvtne in the waaktag cqwM of aboat £30t>.<»- O-. I k Tinsoai 111's Bslcet fipmsh was read as, Wedneeday, 19th J«Oy, and the method fafy which he prapooed tomafcr toa revenue eovee expeoditure in tbe Imlannr A m was tbna^-— CMbnaud revnona, i«lt«t — £7.3*3Ml, Hewtuatian^ „ _ sjijoo*, Surplus ca tbe year Ia the inmj sasntb nf May, a poStieal aroee out of the Mcreantil* Bank pm Mr. Issae^ tin CalMisr Oa—at, with Biyao O'l^ghlau'a vnrdkt,» Attoraey- Gcunl, wit>> ngsid tn n natlc frostfmU The upshot waa that Mr. lanes ntiaed fnm (hOdfaxt l ater on be wtal Won fain caaatiomtsaft Beechwnrth, who wHlssd him uith anclanntinm. and he wna wilarnat •nsppuMd ta Ua ssst ia tbs Haooa It mnotnst b^ (ngottes during tbe month sa January Mr. E. G. Htigihrau, dnfamnaa^ tbe Metrapolitan Board of Land and Wnriria sad Itmmant vsseaoafcer, istmatd faosa. Laadon. whither be hsd swrsftod. to float a loan ot £2,0111,WW. Fehrusiy 1st Hr. James Monro, the late Agent-General for the colony, -and a -leading tee utaller and' c-iffe palace promo er. Sled liis she J ale, shooing a ileficiency of IS^Wi. Further retrenehneatvo a r.nrtel iuthu Ftt'-Iic .^drici during this man h- Ou "Jih March, % Ani-lo-Australian }!uV Criminals were found guilty ud astoicbl to wri«u Icras ot imprisonment. In this •xiJi.th also the Mercantile Bank proa-cations l^an.asd after protracted bearings at the low«r course, MsUhen- Danes and Frederick ii«lj>t» vac cuu.imtt«d far trial lor cod- •piracy on Friday, 12th May. On the 27th ins . Matthew and lira. In vies Bailed by I lie <jinn»o mail ste-uner Salitr for Coiumbu. bat ««ito'ly be returned to the province iu a>niipaiiy vitb Detective Whitney. who had I> «i scot on his backs. On the 29th of 'be m.vthappliAiiou for a Gra:.-il .Jrrv wu Blade andadjonnted It was renewed un >he SLth Bad gnntrd. Subs que-.tly a toe bill wa» found by the grand joij - g»mKt the two ac.«sed. bat when in An^ns' the pnx«di>i{;s »ere called on in the higher <ourt. the •crawed «<r discharged, and the precentme<'t quashed on the grounds that :a alien cotistitnleJ one «.f tbc grand jury, and as such wahjt i ible as a juror, Proceeding* to« ccaaie nova in tpits of Wgal Uockad nt. •mni he aocui«l were coet more committed fcr trial, which if all goes nil will come on •his y ar. The sweating evil «u brought tinder the Boiiaaf tiu- i'remier by* large <!e]miaii»n nuder tie auspices of tUo Piouciun ai*d Libtnl Federal League who waited on that gentleman on IStk April. Their mission ma •to biing und r bis notice the existence of the above-named mil in factMo. So fnr aa ti>« dotbisg bade is eonceiited this evil is' tos ceitain extent brought about lytie rcBtric- *iuna of ti e FactitKs' Act, which under one of its conditio>tia provides for cubic leet «f ^aceincach factory *t workshop, 'ibis has {nmd ruinous to email employers, and tbe consequence is that Jew sweaters who employ Enrapen labor, r ceive the work from Ue limited (adeaaeD. The majority of nutter tailors hate now only email rooms for they atpie that they cannot or will not comply Tiith the Act. The registration feeissavtd for one thing, and further thus: whom the tnde Jnb " Inquisitive Inspectors" are riudid. Then the masters do not care about ' taking cn apprentices - of either sex as a aktctot's certificate is nqimed as to their (bjikiil condition. The latter regainment .also nets as a barrier to a poor una with several children whom he may be d'iiimu ot apprenticing, for each certificate cost* halt-acniv ii. 'J he snm may eeem small. but it s required for actual oeovuia, 'the inspector are i ot Ktriugent enough in their action towards employers in the matter of an mliouacce of a permit for overtime. This caoaes overcrowding in the workrooms at ImBy tames. If the inspector does iiud fault then the employer disdiuga several and gives out (he work to sweaters, and 6>> the Sia.e unwittingly aids and abets the evil. Kot long ago in one large leading firm die 1 fRaBS were offered the privilege of working piecework for one busy week. Twenty per cent, was to be taken off their wages for this privilege, hot tie men didn't see it, for they found they could onljr have worked their anal quantum bad they been on tttdrweekly -wage. It may be asked why Hie employers demanded the 20 per oent. concession. The answer is that the manager of die " making* wp" department received a bonus, and pocket the sum he bled the workers of. But throughout the clothing trade business has been dull, and the houses in Flinders-lone have received a notification tram home that file credit system will in future be limited to four months only. Hence the warehousemen will have to take less credit and give less to customers. Under these circumstances sweating is rampant. The shoddy importer and the calico j mmy in Victoria is d omed anyways and it is to he trusted that his doom means tbe boom in the manufacture of local fabrics. The iron-workens have snifered, but tbe boot -3aade has shown signs of improvement -daring the latter part of the year. In iS93 -*bere were factories, and taking the average for the year die number of employes would have fallen to nearly 40,000., In ls<>:> the figures were 2,443 factories employing -*S,3ly at an estimate. YABIOUS PABS. On Jnfl--- i an action for alleged libel, S~;.c.oo <dama£es claimed, was commenced against tbe".': •revrepapet by Kidiard Speight- Ute cliainnan cf the Railway Commissioners. The case lasted nearly 90 «lays, proceedings having to be adjourned on accoun «at die serious illness, through cold, of Mr. Justicc Hodges, before whom, and a jury of twelve, this colossal and most tedious case was heard. Coldsboroogh, Alort and Co. Limited, the nellbaown wool brokers, suspended payment on stith June, through financialuneasiness in England l-qbcernmg the monetary affairs of the colony. Business was temporarily carried on in tru^t. The number of Midden and violent deaths up to December 7 was 5So, against 606 of the previous jvar. Fran January, 1693, to November of the same Jew the number of attests, principally Cor drunkenness, amounted to 13,517, whilst in' i£*}2, for the flaw number of months the number was 17^54. It is cheering to note from these figures that Victoria anoraliy progressing, as well as linanaally and piodncl 1 v<-}\\- On May 4 a circular was issued by the Bishop of lfdboum? retting; apart the ryth at. s. day of Immiliation and prayer lor the national disaster. Ibe manager of the Evening Standard was, on July 7, tinea £100 and costs with a week's imprison aient at the instance of Frederick Millidge tot dis- «4osing and publishing a statement with relrrence to *fce proceeding or the gland jury empanelled for the aCcKantile Rank case. A most •stupendous array of Parliamentary "dead tKads" was published In tbe Age newspaper on August >, showing tbe various member* ot both •muses wlio had availed tbenrefats of their political lKroUeges to travel, both themselves, friends a aelaQves free of charge upon the Victorian railwa 'Xhe 4ist 43Duipriscd cc,ooo in one year. The Tramway and Omnibus Co. during this month fAu^ist) showed a reduction ia the rarirts ot The profits, including £23,735 fauugb tnun fastyear, amounted to out of which •wo •ozeruu di« ideods of per cent, each had been paid, aaxmnting to ££«,«», tljus leaiine fz^s« ta fce caizied forvuard. :On August u the Melbourne Presbyteries intcrnewedche:Premier nspectiuf land settlement and lacwirsgiwytf. On.tjiKust iff Mr. Pin ton,P.M., refused an application tor a criminal summons against tic Mercantile Uank stafl,.tram the diainnan to the auditors. ae«viat:dut tie wuitecd "tbe deteudams had been laosscd cnoajjti." fi| r , Pantou still irtams ntpoutidL OthEi jwticEs made ofiers to issue summonses. Mr. Pastna mis called upon by the suitl»rit<e> for a •explauatiai respecting rrlosaL IVhiic disenssmioi a degtatmy chaiscter was indulged in and. Air. f/poax )-P_, without tesitatmn. sfgned n-c snanm^c*. ftwsdnlH. ILUaemt setwalat. bis private ^esadcacr br a zealous police sOkrr, sod durin" (lie On the Kmc jftoMa at ••cart week uiscartners in the alfagEd delmouoicw -were Simitarly <*-lt with, ^^^rae^je ooj^of September sajmebombte dis- ^cntof tbm tala«Ks« back yards at Sransv^dL laJucaxirseikMpentval theueInoraaina J»B» .-.rrcstcd .« Jsj-diwr, ami, under the name of •/aocr* Knorr, taoj a tbe Urihaorne O1mm.1l and isrwtrtwnerf l-adoctfc. : . -In Ortc^ier the diS^Rte 'was mfinitel; ccttled and a nrduttiou or tea per <Vat. td •wages ass Tbe «-vool trade dLpm<\- »a also ai»utthi» time ^Jt.elsiiorily settled, ano which Jiad been netwalr ib-iayed woe proaceded "With, portlier particulars of this important 4kemi1£ appear in the pauotat cpinmn. no Korember is K- II. Itaries, fied. Miilidce. .1- B. Muntz tverecoaaagucced fo* trial. whiS theothjer accused weie dischareed on the dura-ai isscingafalse balance ibcet. .The Audit. Commissioners, duria; tie noatli of, November, published their .report °pon the public debt of tlx! colony ap to 30tli June, 1893. The amoiint then was A6511^7, since which it increased by the sssnc of Treasury bonds, sale erf debentures, and stodc, to . Tint interest pay. M»le en loans was The Treasurer's statement in Parliament showed a defioeucyof £377^678 in die working of tte Railway Dqartrntrntfor 1892-93, and the wGaency in the last four yean: in tl»t tuanch .of tbe Public Service amoanbed. in jn Parliament m ^Jovanber the following measures, agreed to*5 amended by the (jegislalive CcmnoC •weqe .finally agreed to by the Li^tslabve "AsveaMr^-Tbf! Permanent Reserves Revocatoon B a i ^ Lessces of Crtm^ Lands jRelief Bill, nnd tha Metropolitan JFire grigades^' Board Borrowing Bill. The: estimated expenditurefor 1850-93 was .£7,559,745. and the Tnsasurer ct;iimed that he had " put the finances of the country on a sound basis." It was estimated thai dating 4 years from 18S9 the ordinary expenditure had been brought down— quite distinct from loan moneys—by something over 2,000,000 a year. The policy .(4 retrenchment was also to be still carried on but a due regard was to be paid to the maintaining of the efficiency requisite in our institutions. The total amount ot tonnage and vessel retnms for the Port ot Melbourne only, from January to November 1S93 numbered : — Inwards: Vessels 1463; tonnage. 1,752.263. Outwards- Vessels, 1422, tonnage, 1.693 250. These totals show a considerable decrease in comparison with those of 1892, but to judge by the signs of the times the days of sailing vessels seem , to be expiring, and that of steamers multiplying. Tbe exports and imports for the nine months ending joth September:—Imports. 069^083^150; exoorts. /7./93,9Sl The c:fterence in these iigures, form a telling defeat tor the freetrader who asserts that the country is dying trom over-protect ion. On reference to the figures for October it u-ili he -seen that trade and production in every way are tmprorin; by bounds. For instance, the imports for the nice months at the rate of a million a month. In October thcr wert it,750,000. The exports for the first three are under ,£900,000 per month-—in October they were il1.301.710. Victoria, with the restof Australia, has turned the corner—she would have done so hong ago if our reputation as justice-strangiers had not bn-n world wide—and now we hope that, having turned the corner, she will not run into ti<e arms of the good old ubiquitous pawnbroker- 