ANQLO-ISRAELISM. -7V- th* tutor of (As Ohro nicle.) S IK, —If we did not know that It was deter* mined by the will and foreknowledge of God that the ten tribes cf Israel should be lost until the time ot the end ; If we did not know the almost impossibility of rooting out the settled conviction of prejudloed minds, it would seem a marvellous faot that so many who read their Bibles are Incapable of under standing what they read, and do know that ' No Rcrtntnrn la fif nHnte Internretation. but Holy men of old spoke as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.' I recommend all those who look upon Anglo-Israellsm as it is called, as an abused theory, to set to work fn an honest mind to disprove it, not by neh assertions and senseless abuse of those who can see what they cannot discern, but by a careful study of God's word and an intelligent consideration of the plain facts of history, and if after this they cannot enjoy this inheritance of reason, and it (till remains an unresclvable addle, I would remind them of Lord Coke's words, ' Miserable is the state of that man and worthy oi pity, who has been persuaded before he was instructed, and now will not be instructed because he will not be persuaded,' and recommend them to try again. The Biblical distinction between tbe Israelites of the House of Judah and tbe Israelites of the House of Israel is clearly etated fn the follow ing proposition : — ' That while all Jews are Israelites, all Israelites are not necessarily Jews.' The non-observance of this Scriptural distinction between the two Houses of the Hebrew race has been, and still is, the source of a great many errors and mistakes in the interpretation ol various portions of the Word of God. This is a most vital point, and the individual who cannot see this di Unction can never realise the truth of our Israeliteorigin. In concluding, I would like if Tour correspondent would answer me the following three ques tions: — 1. Where are the descendant* of Joseph s sons, Kphraim and Manasseh (Gen. ♦8-19), Manasseh to become a great people, Ephraim to become a multitude of nations ? 2\. When and where did the two tribes separ ate, and one become a great people, the other a nation and a company of nations ? 3. Our Lord and Sarionr Jesus Christ (Matt. 21-43) told tbe Jews that tbe Kingdom of God should be taken from tbem and given to a nation (not a church), bringing forth the frnits thereof I uk your correspondent what nation in these last or latter days has the Kingdom of God, or, in other words, is doing God 'a work on earth? I cannot pursue this subject any farther at present ; it would occupy more ?pace than you can spare. But as this im portant subject has again been referred to by your correspondent, under the nam de plume of 'Gentile' alias ''Sentinel,' in the usual opponent's style, it has led me to mtke the above assertions. — I atn, &c.;, Robbbt Eadie, Vice-President H I. A. The Ban Francisco Chronicle of 15t' February publishes tbe following unon tbe beading ' Tied on tbe Deep' : ' A marriage oceurred on tbe Oceania Com pany's Bteamer Alameda, which arrived here yesterday from tbe Antipodes. The contracting parties weie James William Trivatlo. of Auckland, a 'drummer,' about 28 years of age, and Miss Jane Graham Held, of Dnnedin, New Zealand, wbo Is J net 18. Tbe marriage ceremony was performed in Captain Morse's oabln, by tbe Ber. J. G. Tatbam, of Sydney, wbo was a passenger on tbe ateamer. Tbe groom confidently related to several passengers tbe romantic Incidents of bis courtship and elopement. It aeems tbat tbe mother of tbe bride waB very mncb set against young Trivatio. Sbe selected another young man for her future sonin law wbom ebe wished to bave ber daughter marry. Tbe young lady, how ever, waa bb ' set' In ber way as ber mother, and outwitted tbe family by eloping with Trivatlo, who bad been » schoolmate. A brother of tbe bride gave ber a trousseau at Sydney, sbe ha vine left her home witb no baggage. Tbe bride's father is an engineer on one of the Colon Company's eteamere.' Tbe offi ciating clergyman was at one time sta tioned at Tiara 