WAS IT . A GHOST THEY SAW? 1Rns H. H. JENNIyN?S lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. "At about half-past eleven they returned,- and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic statue. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old- fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely 'locked; ?What was it the women saw? " Durine a recent period of. ill health," writes an Aruerican friend, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by whrat seemed like the callinif of my iamee; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving hosme to go on a journey, on which journey she wais killed irn a rail way disaster. I screamedand fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I perfect healtli now. I beliei cthat' isi -hdi came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now.. .No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it mwas, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Dariacott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows :-" I tcas so dreadfully nererou I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June 1r89. I slept very badly, and in the morning a little the better for having goie to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, •and I was sick most of the time. My .skin .ws'dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I lTad to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said lie didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time 1 was nothing but skin and bone. Af l memory completely failed. 31y head ached so dread fully I thought I should lose my senses," and my friends agreed that I would never get better. cg " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West, of Bournemount , called and asked what I was taking. She told t?e she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much fiithlin this medicine, I tried it, and in tChic days I was able to walk across the room, ard hy the end of the week I went dawastairs. Now I am as well as ever, I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." Themlady Mrs Foster suffere from was indigestion and dyspaopaie and nervous :prostration. The original eeae. wasgrief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, mid the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport jho8tit ressmpi true that moast uncanny vmsons and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of tihe person wiho sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome, 