THE GHOST OF THE GUEST CHAMBER. Br E. A. J. All day long the door bell had 'een r;ngirg, and the wedding guests kept €cotaing until at last al had arrived. There wern cousins from everywl er', it seemed to the children, and such a wed ding as it was going to b- I Bess was to 1 be the bride, and Bees was the queen of the family jest now. She w.s alwae) lovely ; to-.nght she was beautiful; th bridal veil, a gift from grandma, and the same she wote t her own weddiug, failed to bide the fair young face from a hnato! admiring eyes. Even Cousin Walter, supposed to be heart-broken by this mar. riage, was startled out of his melanchol) at the eight. Bees in white satin rne' orange blossoms was very diffrent from Bess in white muslin and blue ribbons. Why, he wsee indeed a very queen, and he half expected to see the ladies in wait ing and the royal guardsman sorround her After the ceremony, congratulat:ons and supper, a game of hide-and.se-k ware proposed. Away flew Bess, with acrowd I of merry seekers after her, through the corridor and up the stairs, until she reached the great wardrobe that stoatl in front of the old enest chamber, which hat not been opened for many years. She ran in behind it and tried the door of the chamber, founrd it unlocked, an' entered, still holding the knob in her hand. With flashed face and bated breatb she listened to the merry voices outside; then, imagining she was discovered as the faces came nearer, she let go of the knob and pushed the door to, only to find, to her horror, that she could not open it again. Gradually the sound of voices died away, as the seekers all ran off, cry ing, "She's in the oak closet f Let's go there and look l" And down stairs they went, making such a noise with their shouting and laughing that they could not hear hi r rereated calls. b OhI th-a horror of it I" she cried, wringing her hands. "Self-imprisoned I will they never come back? How shall I ever get out ?" What in this room, which she had never entered in her life before? She began to tremble, with foear, it was so dark and mysterious. Why, oh why did she come there at all? Not a ray of light penetra ted the awtol darkness around her; the silence became so intense that her very heart throbs seemed to fill the dreadful space. Were there such things as spirits ? She wondered ; if so, there might be one in th;s room. What wai that? Somtthing touched her band, she w.e sore, something that was cold and clammy, like icy fingers. Oh, Heaven, it was clutching at her skirts! She crouched louw down on the floor in a reif ct frstzv of terror, then gave a pier. cing shriek and fell senseless T,.e auent chamber in grandfather's house was always looked upon as some thing to be dreaded. There were storins t Id of a ghost who was seen tow .lk bark and north in front of the door, with a rus:y key in his hand. Late .t night meamber of the family had seen it, or t'iought they ned, and each one of the servants ha, been chased by it; not one of them coaol be indncd to go into the north wing after nightfall. Of course Bees knew all this ; she had heard the story of the ghost many times in h-r childhood, and bad oft?n gone to bel with her face hidden in Ner's apron, lest she shouldt meet tvht awful spectre. And now that she f.un i hers-;f alone tr: this very room, all tho terror of her child. hood returned with redoubled ihfrc. Her shriek when ehl fainted l.a don,. its work ; i had ib et heard down stair, While the hunt cinrinuei Iaughing atim shooting went on; wi en che could tot be troed everybo'dy etcaume sober ; each face took en an anxious expressicn. and they began to ask each othtr in whispers " Where cn sha be? What bes bsp pened to her ?" They were still looking when the terri fied cry reached their ears. Walter ran iff, shouting, 'She must be in the guest cL.amser," leaning the groom, Albert, who bo.uded after him, a few steps behind. Tl.ey hsa scarcely reached the door , ... -e- .ryhbdy else was at their heels. Bur-inr.g it open, they found the poor little brie stretched on the floor, utcon .ciuuo, with Tabby, the cat and household p.", who bad followed her unnoticed. Icinifl hier face and hands. So the ghost way enly a ost, after all, and it was her co ., ".,ft little paw, that Biess mistook for t!.e cold, clammny hand. A ii:tle older every day lhe neow year grows. Alas, "lhe corntry is disposed to let All resolutions pass. :istereas-" If you don't like your plaie. what dto yo? stay for ?" Maid-" l'er four s!il',i.n i a wake mem." There id no half.way hbie between vice and virtue in which honesty of pr,,se can alt d.wu an d lake a rent. The man who bas sworn off shound remember this. A Pullman tar~ colts about £.bjui, and yet thee ,re man who, when they have paId £1 fX: e ast is vai1 a! ap if they ow?Jd it all. 