A. Gossip about Books and Authors. 15Y DU. BOND. (Concluded.) Sir Walter Scott is the exponent of chivalrous times. Frederick Harrison says " Of Walter Scott we need as little speak as of Shakespeare. He belongs to man kind, to every age and race, and he cer tainly must be counted as in the first line of the creative minds of the world. His unique glory is to have definitely succeeded in the ideal reproduction of historical types, so as to preserve at once beauty, life, and truth." In brilliancy of conception, in wealth of character, in glow and harmony of colour. Scott put forth all the powers of a master poet. "His too early death leaves on us a cruel sense of the inexhaustible quality of his imagination. What we have is mainly of tho middle ages, the genius of chivalry in all its colour and moral beauty. But we are better off now than if we had lived in chivalrous times. Those idyllic ages of poetry and story had their own vice, folly, ignorance, and crime. They wanted things indispensible to civilization in its highest form. But they had this, wisdom, beauty, happiness. Though they had none of our material appliances—neither steam, nor railways, nor factories, nor machinery, nor coal, nor gas, nor electricity, nor printing presses, nor newspapers, nor underground railways, -nor penny post, nor even post cards. It would be well now to glance at the condition of the people during medieval times. The price of field labour was 6d a day, and varied scarcely at all to tho end of tho seventeenth century. Skilled trades men earned one shilling. Women got 8d for their work. Boys and girls^ 2d. Poor . people were sometimes apprenticed by the parish to *some respectable trade. In a Parish Registrar of 1648 it occurs that one William Benitt and his wife received £8 10s for, as the Chronical says, " Main taining a child of Robert Hart. Her name is Frances Hart, to find her meat, drink, and clothing, washing, and wringing, and to teach her to learn the Testament, and to knit, and make bone lace, and at the end of seven years to allow her two suits of clothes." Well money was scare in those days. It is to be hoped Mr. Benitt made a good bargain. 'Money had not the same value then as now, but even making that allowance, wages were small. However, England was''Merrie England." The people indulged in all sorts of sports— football, baseball, tennis, bowls, and to such an extent that by an Act of Henry VIII,— Artificers, husbandmen, and apprentices, are prohibited on pain of 20s from playing at bowls. I have thus travelled for a little off the main track into those byeways of history, because I think we ought .to know; if possible, all sorts and conditions of men in their habits as they lived through the conturies. Lord Macaulay says " History at least in its state of ideal perfection is a com pound of poetry, and philosophy. To make the past present, to bring the distant near, to place us in the society , of a great man, or on the eminence which overlooks the field of a mighty battle, to invest with the reality of flesh and blood beings which we are too much inclined to view as personified qualities in an allegory . . . these parts of the duty which properly belongs to tho historian, have' been appropriated by the historical novelist." Of course he alludes to Sir Walter Scott principally. Frederick Harrison says that Shakespeare himself did not achieve so much as Walter Scott. Now, although, I am a warm admirer of Sir Walter Scott, I cannot go that length. That saying shows to what extremes enthu siasm may carry a man. You should have all Scotts's works in your library. They would form a fair library in themselves. I need say no more. I have no thought of instituting a comparison between Scotts works and the Shakespeare plays but turn at once to the latter. William Shakespeare was born at Stratford-upon-Avon in War wickshire in April, 1564, He received a limited ,education at a free school, Upon leaving school he entered upon his father s .business. ' Some say his father was a butcher, others a wool broker. " Shortly he fell - into ill- company," his bio grapher says, and made a' frequent prac tice of deer stealing. In consequence he was obliged to leave the country, subse quently. wo find him holding horses at the Globe Theatre in London, and the chief of a gang of street boys called the Shake speare brigade. Afterwards he was em ployed in , tho theatre,-became, lesseo of it, and it is said lie played the _ghost in Hamlet. - At this present time and for some time past a literary war has been raging be-, tw^on what ,are called the " Shakesperians and "Baconians." The Shakesperians stoutly maintain that the Stratford young man, whose career I have briefly, and 1 think truthfully sketched, was the author of the marvellous productions commonly called " Shakespeare's plays." The Bacon ians on the other hand say that Shakes pearians are more remarkable, for senti ment than sense. and that Lord Bacon, a man endowed with as rare a combination of noble gifts as ever was bestowed on a human intellect, was the author of the plays. It may be as well to briefly sketch m this place 'Lord Bacon's early history, and: place it. in juxta-position with' Shakes peare's. Francis Bacon was born in London on the 22nd of January, 1560 or 1561. His father was Sir Nicholas Bacon, Queen Elizabeth's first Lord Keeper. His uncle by marriage, was that William^Oecil who was afterwards Lord Burleigh. His mothei the Bister of Lacly Cecil, was one of the daugh '3? of Bir Anthony Cook, who had been tutor of Edward VI. This means thathis boyhood from the first was passed among the high places of the world. At the ago of twelve he was sent to Oambridgo and put under Wliitgift at Trinity. At the age of eighteen he lost his-father, and hencefor ward had to carve his own destiny. He was all his life an indefatigable worker, .but his Beauty means did' not permit him to follow with freedom his particular bent, Tho law, the only path open to him, was not the one which suited his genius, or his object in life. Contrast that career, as far as' it goes with Shakespeare." The cause of the outbreak between the Shakespeareans and Baconians was the announcement to ,tho world that Mr. Ignatius Donnelly, an American writer of considerable reputation, had discovered running through the plays a cipher which disclosed without doubt that tho real author was Lord Bacon. About that cipher I can say nothing. I have.not heard whether it has produced any result; but except as a literary curiosity, it really is of no consequence. If wo do not believe that Shakespear,e wrote tho plays, and I certainly do not, what difference does it make ? The plays are there all tho same. They are our inheritance, and cannot be taken from us. What does it matter whose name is on tho title page ? If the plays were called Smith's, or Robinson's,, that circumstancc would in no way affect our judgment on Hamlet, Othello, Macbeth, or Lear. The reason of this is obvious. Tlio writer of tho plays never presents, himself before us-ho never intrudes his individuality; he is a veiled figure. It is quite ccrtain the writer of the plays was not tho equal of other men. He had no equal living; and if he carefully con cealed his identity, for nothing, else but artistic purposes, how grandly he succeeded! But that is an attribute of genius. If we are reading Paradise Lost, we do not think of Milton and his domestic troubles. If we are reading the Inferno, Dante's sufferings are not ever present to our minds. This battle of literary factions, has, for a looker-on, a certain element of humour. Neither party credit the other with any sense at all. Both are bitter, splenetic, impatient. Eccentric, is the term most used by Shakespeareans'against Baconians. Their letters to newspapers and magazines show almost personal animosity, and sometimes remind me of the gentle manner in which occasionally freetraders and protectionists advance their respective views. ' But let us turn to the plays themselves. Well, for wealth of imagination, gorgeous ness of colouring, fertility of invention, and profound philosophic insight into human nature those marvellous productions stand unrivalled amidst tho world's literature. The historical plays beginning with King John and ending with King Henry VIII, as well as Othello, Lear, Hamlet, Macbeth, Antony and Cleopatra, The Tempest— but it is hard to know where to stop— will prove this eulogy not extravagant. I know it is considered absurd to praise the plays. To do so, is, perhaps, like gilding refined gold, but I cannot but remember that I may be addressing some young persons who perhaps hardly know the plays by name. From time to time we have in Sydney, what are called Shakesperian Revivals. A play is brought out with magnificent scenery, gorgeous dresses, all tinsel and frippery, glass diamonds, tin and pasteboard armour. I was present at one of those, revivals, and I was sorry one of the finest conceptions of the dramatist was metamorphosed into a stupid burlesque. At all events so it seemed to me. When we get on friendly terms with those plays we do not like to see them travestied. I may be charged with being egoistical.' Very well. I am so. I am gossiping about books and authors, and my own inner conscious ness tells me in unmistakeable terms that to misrepresent Shakespeare's characters on tho stage is more than, a venial fault. Hamlet says " 0, it offends me to the soul to hear a rebustious periwig-pated fellow tear a passion to tatters, to very rags to split tho ears of the groundlings (tho pit)." In this nineteenth century we are very much given to self-glorification. We are continually congratulating ourselves and each other for having been so highly favoured because we were born into it. Well we have certainly gained a great deal. But have we lost nothing ? Listen to Dr. Jessop on Art-" Literature's loving and constant sister." You can't copy the marks of the axe on early Norman masonry. You can't copy Roman brickwork. You can't restore ancient glass: the very secret of its transcendant glories lies in the imperfection of the material employed. You can't even copy a thirteenth century moulding. You have no eye for the delicate and simple curves. Your chisels are so highly tempered that they are your masters not your ser vants ; they run away with you when you set to work, and insist upon turning put sharply cut cusps, all of the same size, all of them smitten with the blight of sameness, all of them straddling, shallow, sprawling, vulgar, meaningless, melancholy witnesses against you that you have lost touch with the living past." That is a severe criticism, but it is undoubtedly just. We need not go far afield' for an example., Look at those straddling, shallow, meaningless, vulgar things called " post office carvings " in Sydney! That those grotesques should be tolerated is a clear indication of the decline of art in that direction. Is there, also a decline in literature ? No one reigns instead of Thackeray. Dickens' place has not been supplied. Where are we to look for anything like the glories of Sir Walter Scott's works—for their beautiful imagery, their downright honesty, their manliness, their moral truth and beauty ? Of the Shakespeare plays it would be idle to say more. A book is published now, and what do we find—impossible people in impossible situations speaking after a fashion no human being ever spoke. Or we have a jaunty, flippant, well dressed vagabond who passes his spare time in forging a will or some other villainly. Then there is the sickly sentimental novel, faulty in design, faulty in construction, semi-religious, or devoted to some metaphisical-theological question. To my thinking it would be better to prevent a boy reading anything than to infiltrate his brain with literary garbage. Once let the task be acquired of reading works with the indelible stamp of master minds and the battle is won. Better, by far see a black snake on the floor than a bad book on the table. 