GRAZIA'S MISTAKE, BY MRS. GEORGIB SHELDON. CHAPTER X. PAULA. AND QBAZIA BBCHIVB AN INVITATIOW TO GO TACHTING " T am afraid she will weary you," Mr Yentnor remarked, as he gazed fondly down upon the beautiful sleeping child." " If you could slip her over into my lap it would relieve voa of a tiresome harden. " No," sai l Grazia, flushing beneath his anxious g^z^, " she would be sure to awske, *nd I think a nice nap is just what she necd'i. If her face could be shaded from the light, which is getting very strong, 1 think she wonld be more comfor'aVe" " Ah! that is well thought of, and remiada me that I have left a nice umbrella by the wall where I was gathering roses. Exougo me a few moments and I will soon be back with a shelter for Miss Edith and her kind protectress/* Mr Vontnor returned, as he arose and sped back over the way ho had come but a little while before He wis not. g ine long and, upon his return, took up his position where he could shade both Grazia and the sleeping child. Then, during the hour that followed, Grazia forgot the sense of. loneliness and desolation thn,t J bad oppressed her in the morning, forgot the lapse of. tame, the burden upon her lap, earth, sea, and sky— everything but that luminous face beside her, the grave, rich tones that flowed over his Hps, in sweet rhythmic harmony, to crystallise into werds -of wisdom, brillian'. sentences, and sparkling wit, and to be cherished like jewels within the secret roc wes of. her heart. When little Edith finally aw<-ke, instead of a brief acquaintance of an hour, they both felt as if they had known each other, at least in spirit, for years. The child appeared to be very much refreshed bv her nap, and not a bit the worse for th« fright and fall she had had. " Mies King, I am awed when I think what might have occurred, but for your prewnce here this morning. It was providential," Mr Yentnor remarked, when at last they arose to turn their steps homeward. . - Grazia lifted a quick, questioning look to him. - " Do you believe in a literal 1 hand of Providence P'" she asked. " Perhaps not a literal * hand,'" he returned, smiling slightly, *' but T certainly believe in an Overruling Power—in the love and care of an all-wise Father, who guards and watches over the beings he has created ; do you not P" T u=od to," said Grazia, a flush tinging ber chefk as she thas gave voice for the first tins to th«i doubts that had been contending fc h°r mind. «•' And why not now ?" was the grave gentle que»y of her companion. " B.iv.»ius;e, if such a hand was ever outstTe'ch^ to guide my life. I lost my hold upon i'—:>r, it I wt itn hold upon me, and j eft UJP ^ drift to a desert coast, to be smitten. - ppr^pced.and spiritually starved " R-sprnd-d GtrzU. with a note of passionate p»>n " ?r voice. ; Yov Aid Mr Yentnor, in a tone of surprise. " i am afraid you count your t«-ia)s H-.o f orget to number your blessings, Ki ;u'; for, when I saw you last night, so brier" s> tinted, and so aarefully attended by your friend, you certainly seein- d fo be v^ry far from being' smitten and opprcserd.«nd now my morning chat with yc.1 hn.8 i?ivea me the impression that you are anything but«spiritually starved' Are you sure you are not regarding life •with a distorted vision f" he concluded, gently. The man's words were a sudden revelation to Grazia, and she was instantly conscions-strickpn with them. Sural? she had been 4 counting her trials and forgetting to number her blessings,' in her fierce rebellion against the ruin of hopes, which, now she could reaKpe. had been only the result of her own ra'rnew fend wrong-doing. Her father bad wanted her to accompany him and bis wife upon their trip to Washington, out she had refused to do so, because she could not bear tbe thought of being pirated from her lover, even for one ahc-i. week Bnt had she acceded to his wish, she co>i3d now see, she might even then have be- D a happy care-free girl in her own home. She would not have been tempted to deceive herparente,aud would not have been irrevocably bound to a man whom she now utterly loathed, , and that dreadful tragedy would, in all probability, never have occurred. And yet. leaving all this out of the question, in view of all her sorrow, even if it had been brought about through no fault of hers, she felt that she had not b»>en just; for had not tbe hand of a kind Providence been stretched out to her through Paula Nelson? Tears iu3hed unbidden to her eyes and her lips grew tremulous with remorse. "I had not thought of it in that light before i but I am afraid that I am/' she answered, with a sigh. A very tender expression s wept over ber companion's face at the self-reproachful admission. He made no reply to it, however, but, stooping down, tied Edith'B hat upta hear gunny-head as carefully as her mother would have done. "Come, now, Miss Ventnor, he re- ( mafked, with a smile, as he arose and took her plump hand in hi3, " we must go home to your rii"*""* and tell her what your « ansrel' has done for you to day." _ He shot a merry glance at Grazia as he spokf, then gathering up^her «>be and cushions in his disengaged hand, and led the way up the path toward the road- f He walked over with ber to Miss Nelson s cottage, where be deposited his burden upon the verandah, and was about to take leave of Grazia, when ?aula, came around tiie house and espied them. She greeted Mr Ventnor very cordially, and laughingly chided Grazia for leaving her alone all the morning, then indeed ihem all to have seats upon the verandah. Mr Ventnor was nothing loth, and, dwinding Edith lightly into a hammock near bus, he sat down and chatted with the ladies f« another half hour. When he at last arose to take his leave, "he bad arranged for them to join a yachting put? who were going iox a cruise of several days in the harbor. " We shall go aboard the Nauttlae tomorrow evening at sundown, so as to be ready for an early start the following morning." he explained, adding that he would send a carriage Cor IftsB Kelson and Miss King at six o'clock. Then bidding them a genial good-corning, he took his little nieca by the hand And went away. « g e the finest specimen of manhood that 1 have seen for a long time/' Paula remarked, breaking in upon a long silence that, had followed the departure of their quests " Don't you think so, Grazia ? » Ye-es," responded Gwzia, dreamily. She viae lying in the hammock that Edith had vacated a few momenta previous, her eyes fixed ®pon the sea, a tender expression about he* beautiful month. Paula smiled, nodded her head wisely two or three times, and then resumed her book, wlaich absorbed her attention until the Junch b^ll rang- After the meal was over Grazia pleaded weariness find retired * to her own room. u Oh VI amplmeet sorry that l promised to go with the yachting party 1" she cried, a look of perplexity upon her young face, and then she suddenly fell to sobbing with an abandonment which betrayed that her soul was moved to itB very depths. She had been thinking of her rectnt conversation with Raymond Ventnor, ever since her return, and how he had swayed her very soul with his eloquence, and a certain influence which she could feel but could not analyse. " Oh 1 if £ could only wake up and find the last two years of my life a dream! If I could but undo that one act that has entitled so mnch misery upon me!" she wailed. She sprang to her feet aod paced her room back and forth with a nervous step. "Thereis no future for me!" she continued, tears falling like rain from her pale face, " no love, no home, no fireside, with little ones playing around me; no outlook whatever but to go on as I am, hiding myself under a false name, and living in constant fear least some breath of scandal should overtake me, reveal my identify and the imposture I am practising upon the society in which I am moving. What would those high-toned Ventnors say—what would Raymond Ventnor himself Bay—if he should learn that -. Miss King,' to whom he is pleased, to be so kind, is Grazia Kingsley, who lately figured so conspicuously in a criminal court—who is. also the unacknowledged wife of one"5f the most contemptible cowards who walks the earth. But why should I care what he thinks ?" she cried, almost fiercely, after a few moments of silent reflection, while she proudly threw back her head And assumed a defiant air. " Why should either his good or ill opinion concern me ? * Because he is the grandest man l have ever seen—he La, a man possessing an honest soul; because—" A burning blush mouuted to her forehead as she thus abruptly ceased, and she dropped her face upon her .hands with a cry of keenest pain. Ah! could I not have been spaced this —the bitterest drop in my cup of woe!" she sobbed. " If be could know, would he say that I am 1 regarding life with distorted vision' when I rebel against .the fate that has driven me'to this P Alone! alone! always alone! The word is like some funeral dirge beating its sad rites upon my wounded heart; my life isxnarred and ruined almost in the beginning. It was like a peaceful summer day, -with not a cloud to dim its sky, until he, that coward, crossed my path! Hovrcan Ibear it! 1 cannot endure it. to be so chained; to have no real life; to live and yet notj live, because I cannot be myself. And, now this other harden is to add to my cross ! Where, oh! where can one findthe overruling Power, the love and care of; an all-wise Father for the wretched being whom he has created, with this hopeless yearning that can never be satisfied Every moment her grief grew wilder,; her heart more rebellious over this rude awakening, after the comparative calm; she had spent with Paula. " Oh! if I could dieand be forever at peace! What is the use of living Buch a double life ? l ami of no earthly uBe in, the world; I can never be Grsz-a Kingsley again; I can never prove that I am inno- cent of that dreadful deed; I can never free myself from the tie that binds me to that heartless man! A dead wall looms up t before me, and-beyond it I cannot go! Bhe was finally exhausted with her wild grief, and throwing herself upon her bed she fell asleep, and did not wake until Paula came to tell her that dinner was ready. But she felt too ill to rise, and begged that she might be allowed to lie still until morning, when she hoped to be better. , , . Having slept so much during the afternoon, however, the drowsy god refused to lull her to forgetfulness very readily again, and she lay-awake for a long time listening, to the beating of the waves upon the rocks. Better thoughts came to her through these long silent hours, and a simple message also, which it almost seemed aB if an angel had whispered in her ears to calm her troubled heart: "Take no thought for the morrow, for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself." With these comforting words repeating themselves in her mind, she finally ceased to be troubled, and knew nothing more until she awoke the next morning, and found the Bon shining brightly in at her window. The evil spirit oE the day before seemed to be exorcised for the time, though t'aula observed that she was graver and quieter than usual as she bnsied herself about their preparations for their cruise with the Yentnors. In tbe midst of this an elegant carriage drove to the door, and Mrs Charles Yentnor alighted. She came eagerly up to the door, rang and inquired for Miss Nelson and Miss Sing. She was ushered into Paula's pretty parlor, and there both girls went to greet her. •» She impulsively seized Grazia by both hands when fhebcautiful girl went forward to meet her. But for you I should now be childless, or, perhaps, the mother of a helpless cripple," she said, with tears brimming her eyes. ^ No words can voice my gratitude, but I shall love you always; I could not stay away—I had to come and Jet my mother-beart speak," sbe concluded, apologetically, but' with a tremulous smile. " i am afraid you overestimate my agency in the matter," O-razia modestly replied, "but I am very glad I happened to be just where I was at the critical moment. I hope Edith is none the worse for her fright and flying leap." "No, indeed; she is well and merry, MIA happy as can be ; she is always that if she can be with her Uncle Bay," Mrs Yentnor returned, with a little laugh. " It is the strangest thing in the world," she went on, " but those two are almost inseparable when my brother is at home. One would think that the child belonged to him rather than to her father,-by the influence he has over. her. Uncle Bay is ber oracle—her ideal of all that is perfect mni good in the world, while to-him she is the apple of his eye." It was evident from- the affectionate inflection with which Mrs Ovaries Ventnor gave utterance to the words "my brother" that she shared ber daughter's feedings to a great extent, and Paula thought that Baymond Ventnor might possibly be the '' SMcJe " of the family. The cbnver«ati&q; $hus drifted to ot^er channels, and after a cfcroping call Mis Yentnor arose to go. "My brother says that you will go yachting with us," she remarked, with gracious cordiality. " I am very glad, for it will make a pleasant addition to our party. Are yon ootfr good sailors P " she inju red, with a significant £i$ile. " Yes, fortuflafcely, we both loye the and feel perfectly at home upon it," Paula replied. " Well, then, yon will be sure to have a good time, for Bay is the prince of hoste— the Nautilus belongs to him—and can plan to entertain a party better than any society woma$ of my acquaintance. We shall spend one night $$ Newport, so take along some pretty dresses. I must run away now," Mrs Ventnor added, jpovijig toward the door," for I have much to do yet. I will only Bay au rtvoir, as I •hail a?? joy 99 W* Another moment she was in tie carnage, nodding and smiling a«< Bhe drove away, while Paula and Grazia felt as if a sunbeam had suddenly taken wings and flown away. " That is a most delightful family, if one can judge upon so short an acquaintance." Paula remarked, as she and Grazia went back to their packing. " If the remainder of the company prove to be aB congenial, 1 think we shall enjoy our trip very much." At six o'clock that evening Mr Baymond Ventnor'e guests were all aboard the Nautilus, a beautiful and capacious steamyacht, with a capacity for accommodating sixteen besides the crew, and a .very bright little company of eight gentlemen and as many ladies it proved to be. Dinner -vas served at seven, and then they all gathered upon deck for a twilight prom-'nade and a social chat before going to their berths for the night. There were four dainty little staterooms, as completely and luxuriously furnished a? any one could desire, leading off f ow the saloon. and these were devoted to the ladiee, whil« the gentleman shared the less commodious, but not less elegant, state-rooms aft. The wat*-r in the harbor was like a sea of glass, reflecting the dull red glow that still lingered in the western sky; and when, one by one, the lights of the town along the shore were kindled, and the lanterns were displayed upon the hundreds of vessels lying about them, when the stars came out and were multiplied in the shining depths bflow, and when .finally the full moon came sailing up oyer the eastern horizon, it was like an enchanted scene. So thought Grazia, as she stole quietly away from the company to the prow of the yacht to enjoy, all by herself, and wifch a thrill of delight, this unusual experiITTC I. It was very .quiet all about them, so quiet that Grazia could almost hear conversation on shore, and the stillness seemed solemn to her. It impressed her so that the striking of two bells, for nine o'clock, upon the various vessels in the harbor, seemed like a call .to prayer—like {hie Angelu8 ball, Qf which she had so often hear^ V and inst i actively she bowed her head w :th reverence in response to it. "ftine o'clock, and all iB well," said a rich though quiet voice beside her, and looking? up Grazia saw Mr Baymond Ventnor, not a foot away, leaning against the deck rail. CHAPTEB XI. KB VENTNOB'* PABTY ATTENDS A DANCE AT NEWPOBT. *< T trust yoi do not find yourself lonely, Mist—K n{, or homesick to feel the solid eanh under your feet,*' Mr Ventnor remarked, in A bantering tone, as he drew a step nearer his fAtr gnest " No. inieed. Mx Ventnor," Grazia brightly returned, bat wondering again over his slight pause before ber name; "I simply stole away here to admire this magic scane and the almoBt solemn stillness that pervad«8 everything." " Taere is a peculiar charm in it, and I often come here, alone, iost to watch the lights appear and hear the musical chime ef bells, as they toll the prosing hours/ the gentleman responded, with a thrill of feeling in his tones, for he recognised a congenial spirit in this fair girl who so appreciated the beauty around that she would leave a gay company to enjoy it. "Do you love the water, Miss KingP he inquired after a moment of silence. Very much—especially the ocean," Grazia. " There is something so limitless, BO sublime and majestic about it, that it excites a feeling of admiring awe within me." "You and I are in sympathy, then, for the sea has always affected me in that way," Mr Kaymond remarked, in a low, musical voice. " Byron has aptly described it as— " Boundless, endless, and sublime The image of Eternity—the throne Of the invisible!" " It makes* me think of the human soul,' Grazia murmured, in a thoughtful tone, with her eyes fixed upon the shimmering waves that marked the path of the moon, as it sailed upward in the vault above them. " In what way P " questioned her companion, aa he bent down to study the fair, uplifted face beside him. " It is so deep, mysterious, unfathomable,". said the girl, with a sigh. " Look' where the light of the moon strikes the w«ter! Is it not beautiful? It makes me almost feel as if. through some rift in the veil that separates us from heaven, some thing "f c -lesfral glory is shining. But who CM tflL what dread secrets lie con ce»le<J beneath the shining surface ! what death and destruction P what brave hearts may have gone down to their doom, with moans of pain and prayers for help, in that very spot."' Grnz^a's voice was full of pain as she concluded, and .Baymond Ventnor yearned, with a mighty -longing, to speak some worde of .comfort to the heart which he knew from her conversation must be tossed and tern with some secret grief which never allowed it to be at peace " I am sure, Miss King, that you have known some great sorrow," he remarked after a moment of reflUctioni "or you would not always be iahading your pictures with such mournful.comparisons. A s you have said, the sea is like a human soul, in some respects; it is deep.mysterious,unfathomable ; in other respects it is not like it, for when its surface is lashed to fury, by the tempests that sweep over it, there is always peace and quint in the depths beneath for a mighty power controls it. That, to me, is symbolical of the soul, which, in spite of the griefs and trials that come to it, o%n rest secure in the hollow of the hand that never makes a mistake/" Two great tears rolled over Grazia'e cheeks and fell in glistening beads, like so many diamonds, upon the railings, as her companion concluded. " oh!" she exclaimed with a catch in her breath that. was almost like a sob, "you cannot have suffered as—as some have suffered, or you could not fed like that." " Miss King," said Baymond Ventnor, in a voice that was vibrant with deep feeling, " eight years of my life were spent ppon bed ef pain—eight long, weary years, during the most pf which I expected that I must be a cripple all my life. I had scarcely recovered my health, and begun to look forward to a life of usefulness, when my mother was killed, before my eyes, by being thrown from her cafriage in front of a passing locomotive. 7?he five years following were lived under the ban of a dishonorable name " "Oh!" breathed Grazia, shrinking as from a blow. " My father's partner forged for a heavy a&fognt;, but so covered his wrong-dung that my father, a Yentnor, whose name for many generations' had never been sullied by as much as a breath, was made to expiate his crime. The truth prevailed in the end, however, and at the end of $ve years the wronged ipan was released and exonerated before the whole world. Surely, my friend, you cannot pow say that I have not suffered." "No, noj pray forgive yie for my thoughtless speech," regretfully pleaded Grazia. " N&y;, do not reproach yourself," gently returned Baymond Ventnor. " I am glad to have told you thi6, for sorrow makes us all akin, and I would not have you deem me unsympathetic. But, Miss King, did you never think that there is a purpose in paiaf" " What purpose t" questioned Grazia. " The MWIB purpose that a sculptor has in using a bn.ir»mii»ii and a chisel upon a piece of rough marble—to develop the beautiful and perfect form that lies hidden within it; the same purpose that the wise gardener has when, with an apparently ruthless hand, he prunes the vine of half its life and beauty to make it produce larger and richer ifiuit." Grazia sighed heavily. She wondered what purpose there could have been in the suffering she.had endured —what possible good could come of the network of troubles and trials that had entangled her, tying her hands ami depriving her of even her identity. -She wondered what fruit she could bear, fettered as she was, and obliged to hide from all the world " But I am afraid we have chosen a very depressing topic," Mr Ventnor continued, in a lighter tone. " I want you to have only pleasant thoughts and experiences while you are my guest; but some time I would like to drive a little deeper into this sub j act with you, if you will give me the privilege." " I shall be very glad to do so/' Grazia replied, "for you always give me something to think of." Thank you," her companion heartily returned, then added: " Now will you lat me take you down to the saloon P I see most of our friends have disappeared, and we were planning to have .a little music before we retire for the night." He offered her his arm as he spoke, and as she took it Grazia was conscious of the same thrill tingling through her viens as she had experienced upon their first meeting. < ... The company passed an hour very delightfully with music and social intercourse, and then retired, with the expectation of awakening to find themselves for out upon the briny deep, for the tide wo aid turn very early in the morning, which was-all the captain was • waiting for. Grazia' felt desire to see the beautiful vessel-leave, port, and so secretly resolved to rise in season to do so. Accordingly the first tender glow of sunrise was -flushing the eastern horizon when, enveloped in a warm ulster, with a soft gray felt hat securely pinned'to her head, the fair girl stole softly upon deck and found that she was only just in time, for the steam was up and two sailors were on the point of hauling in the anchor, while others were unfurling to the morning breeze the 'white wings that Were to help waft them over the -sea. Sbe would not have missed the sight for anything, for, just as the sun lifted his glowing facia above the far off line, the graceful vessel began to move like a majestic bird out from the harbor, toward the wide expanse of water beyond. There was something very exhilarating in the scene, in the crisp morning breeze that was blowing from the north-west, in the cloudless sky and brilliant sunshine, that made Grazia's eyes gleam and her cheeks flush with delightful anticipation. She stood in the prow of the boat, as she : had done the night before, and she was so absorbed in what was going on about her that she did not realise the presence of any : one else, until a voioe, which of late had begun to thrill her strangely, remarked in a cheery tone, just behind her: " Good-morning," &iss; King. I am sure tbe Nautilus is honored by the interest you have shown in her movements." Giagia turned quickly, and found Baymdnd Yentnor smiling down upon her, a look of undisguised pleasure in his expressive eyes. He wore-a heavy reefer that was buttoned close to his chin &nd; showed his fine form to the best advantage, while the visorleas cap upon his head gave him quite a boyish look. "And so you sacrificed your morning nap for the sake of seeing my bird spread her wings," he added, while his color deepened slightly as he noted the blush which his saluation had called up to Grazia's cheeks." "it was no sacrifice I assure you," she said, her eyes sparkling with animation, wanted to see the start, and I have enjoyed it immensely. I never saw a more beautiful sunrise in my life." " Yes, a sunrise at sea is something worth contemplating, and a whiff of such air as this is better than any tonic for the appetite. I always walk the deck a halfhour before breakfast; will you join me P " and he held out his hand to her with a friendly air and smile that made her pulses throb more quickly than was their wont. . She frankly laid hers within it, when he slipped it upon his arm, and together they paced back and forth the length of the vessel, and chatted socially until other members of their party began to join them. Grazia found that, in spite of his dignified bearing and the serious moods he had hitherto shown her, Baymond Yentnor cculd be as merry and jolly aB a boy; that, while he neglected nothing as a host, forgetting not the smallest detail that cdu'd contribute to the comfort of his guests, he knew how to enjoy himself thoroughly, thus becoming the life of the party, and so contributing greatly to the pleasure of others. Among Mr Ventnor*8 guests there were a Mr and Mrs Macomber, and their daughter, Miss Marie Macomber. a handsome girl of twenty-one, who appeared to be a great favorite with the party. She was a gay, brilliant, witty, and evidently a thorough society girl, for she was perfectly at home; with every one, and could simultaneously entertain any number of people with the modi perfect composure. CBut when - Grazia had been introduced to her,- she impressed her as being cold and devoid of any real sympathy with her own sex. She had looked Grazia over, from head to foot, with one sweep of her passionless eyes; measured her,, as she told Paula in speaking of 4t .afterward, mentally, morally,-and physically, noting even the fit of her dress, the style of her hat, the make o£ her boots and gloves. Then she had turned calmly away and resumed her conversation with a gentleman, which the introduction had for a moment interrupted, ignoring her utterly during the remainder of the evening. But thernext morning when she made her . appearance upon deck and saw Baymond Yedtnor promenading With Miss King upon his arm, when she noticed the admiring look in his eye as it rested upon the fair face of the girl, his eager, animate! manner in conversing with her, she suddenly changed her tactics, and, the moment Grazia was at liberty, approached her in the most friendly way, and exerted herself to be agreeable to her. Sho attached herself to the two girls after that, while Paula often noticed that she appeared to be studying Grazia, with a perplexed, intent look, as if she were trying to solve some intricate question. "That girl is a born mischief- maker, and woe to any one who happens to stand in the way of her ambition," Paula murmured to heraelf, after watching her for a while. " I only hope that my gentle Grace will not interfere with her designs." She trie4 not to be unjust, but it made her very uneasy to see Miss Macomber hovering about her friend all that day, and to observe how she watched every act and look whenever Mr Ventnor approached Gratia, whioh he often and took no paiuB to conceal his enjoyment of her society. The young man's plan was to sail direct for Newport, where he proposed to spend one night, and attend a grand ball at the Casino, for which he had procured tickets mere than a week in advance. The Nautilus arrived in port about noun of the second day out, and, a f ter lunch, carriages were provided, and the party took a long driv< about the city, returning to the yacht in time for dinner. The gentlemen surrendered the saloon to the ladies to make their preparations for the evening, while they smoked their after-dinner cigars upon the deck, and the next hour below was one of fluttering excitement among the fair sex. It was a very brilliant .party that left the Nautilus a little after nine o'clock for the Casino, but the fairest among them all, in Baymond's eyes, at least, was the lovely girl in whom he was every hour becoming more deeply interested. She was clad to- night in a blue silk of a very delicate shade, with beautiful ornaments of exquisitely carved pink coral upon her neck, arms, and amid the waves of her rich dark hair. The costume was vadtly becoming to her rare, almost faultless complexion ! but her chief charm lay in her utter unconsciouness of her own beauty— in the perfect naturalness of her manner | and bearing. Do you dance, Miss King ?" Mr Ventinquired, in a low tone, as he was nnniaHng her to slight from tiie carriage upon reaching the Casino. < " Yes, I used to," she returned, with a little sigh. " Then let me have the first one with you to- night, will you P" he asked, with a little eager pressure of the hands he was holding. '< With pleasure," she replied, her heart bounding into her throat at his manner, words and tone. -The words were scarcely uttered, however, before she ~ was sorry she had not excused herself from dancing at all. " Such pleasures are not for me, and—I must not let myself learn to love him," she murmured to herself, as she followed the party into the dressing-room. —Then a terrible shock went through her aa, like a flash of lightning, a revelation came-to her. " Ah 1 it is too late to think of that now," her white lips muttered, as she blindly groped her way into the corner and sat down—" too late, too late! for I love him already with my whole heart. I, Grazia •Kingsley—the wife of another man—love, adora Baymond Ventnor. Oh! the shame .ofit! the sin of it! Where now is the guiding Hand that * makes no mistakes.' She was almost benumbed bv the conflict of emotion * 'int ra#*;d within, her upon -this unlooked. for discovery, and she sat there, wretched and helpless, in her wraps .until Paula found her. " Why, Grace !" she exclaimed, " why have you not taken off your thing* P Xou will be late for the opening number. Are you ill P" she added, »s she caught signt of the girl's colorless face; "you are aB white as a snow-fl*k^." "No, lam not ill," Grazia replied, as she started nervously to her feet, ddtermined that no one would discover her shameful secret. She would guard it most sacredly'—she would play her part for the next two days with what skill she could, then, she told herself, she would never meet Baymond Yentnor again if she could prevent it. She must nip this new passion in the bud, she must not feed it with so much as a look at that dear, noble face, or by listening to that rich, musical voice. Paula helped her off with her wreps, watching her covertly all the time, and wondering what could have happened to drive from her face all the eager brightness that had been there when they left the Nautilus "Ton must do something to those pale cheeks ; you cannot go into the ball-room looking so like a ghost," Paula remarked, with real concern upon seeing that she seemed even more haggard and wretched after removing her outer garments. "Ah!" she added, "here comes Mr Yentnor, looking for us. I will ask him to get you something to take- " "Not for the world, Paula dear," cried Grazia, grasping her almost rudely by the arm. Then, as Mr Ventnor caught sight of her, and nodded and smiled, a great wave of color dyed the girl's face crimson, and Miss Nelson was more puzzled than before. Grazia had bent over her hand to button her glove and to hide her embarrassment, and when this was done she recovered something cf her usual composure. She concealed her aching heart with a smiling exterior as she went forward to meet him. " I have brought your programme," he said, as he handed it to her, " and. may I beg that you will write my name against some of the numbers before we go into the hall P Then I shall be sure of them; otherwise I might not be," he concluded, in a tone intended only for her, and with a low, musical laugh. Grazia took the card and looked it over, simply to gain time and think what was best to do. Suddenly a little defiant light leaped into her eyes. "I am here; I am hedged about; I cannot help myself," she mused; " I might &b; well enjoy myself and make the most of the few hours that remain to me, before I try to crush out forever this hopeless passion. I will put the past behind me for to-night, I will be a gay and happy girl once more." She g&ve; her head a little resolute toBS as she arrived at this conclusion, then, looking up into Mr Ventnor's face with-a smile that made his heart bound with a wild, sweet hope, she put the card back into his hand and murmured— " You shall write your own name wherever you choose." (To he Continued.) THE DEPBESSION AND THE WAT OUT.— " Buy in the cha&pest; market" is well enough if what you buy is raally cheap, and onthing is raally cheap if it is not UBaf ui as well. Cheap and nasty " is a very old and true proverb. In times of depression the prices of all products are reduced to enable the.purchaser, who has less money to Bpend, to get as much for it as possible. It is a paipablc swindle when you see pricas advertised BELOW COST, or f«as quotad that when you go to bay yoi are told there is something special, and are charged thrae or four times as much as the advertised price. The following is a list of gsnuine reductions in price. By the tooth all artificial teeth will be of three grades—GOOD, BEST, and EXTRA —at the rate of 5a, 7a 6d, and 10s each tooth No OTHEB PBICES. A FULL SET (uppsr OI lower), strongly made, perfect fit, and natu ral appearance, guaranteed equal to any at double the price in the City, for £2. Laugh* ing Gas, the most perfect method of paialeiE extraction, reduced to 5s. Painless extrac tion with Cocaine, 2s 6i. Decayed teeth filled and guaranteed to last perfect foi years, 5s and 7a 6d per tooth. Nota.—Any aching tooth can be cured and filled, and vary often a mare shell can be built up and made useful for many years. N.B.—Artifi cial teeth inserted over stumps if desired ! TEETH WITHOUT PLATES. Note address— Bichmond Dental Chambers, 148 Bridge road, near Lennox-street, Bichmond. G. B. TTJBHEB, B.D.SM Proprietor. The gifts of knowledge enable a man to enjoy ail he seeB, li3 very one can redeem himself from that animal life which is a living death. The object of education iB to make the most of life, by which is meant not the attainment of mere wordly success, but an esteem for which is really good, a desire to benefit one's fellow men, and, above all, to find a real grace with God. 