ileebles. 'Short, Sharp, Shiny.' 'That's rather the color I want, only a little too cold,. You pee, it's to tro with the jriece.' ' Can't 'ardly be too cold to go with a freeze, m'm, seems to me. 'm.' [He went with a freeze, you let. Prizp-fighters fined in Perth. Kimberley distriot under water. Stabbing case at Port Adelaide. Italy has a deficit of £7,000,000. Call of 6d. per share on Souths. Texture won the Waterloo Oup. Mr. A. L. Harrold off to Europe. Heavy rains in New South Wales. A Queensland railway submerged. Disastrous floods in Wffii Australia. A rush to Waukaringa unwarranted. Anarchism finds little favor in London. A rise of a farthing in the price of silver. Royal Tar occupied 53 days on the voyage. Mr. Gladstone's retirement again rumored. West Australia has an Agricultural Bureau. Morphettville stock in evidence at! Gaolfield. The Mining Act of 1893 comes into force to dav. Nezb contingent for Monte Video leaves in Juno. Men are leaving Broken Hill for Wauka rioRa. Hindmarsh beat Australs with four wickets down. Parliament has been further prorogued until May 1. Royal Tar made a good passage to Mcnte Video. . No more adulteration of liquors in New Zealand. The Gothenburg was wrecked on February 23, 1S75. m High old times in the New South Wale6 Apeembly. Zola has been again rejected by the French Academy. Prince Bismarck has received a present from the Kaicer. Mr. Gladstone is getting old and wants an easier seat The silver market has been completely demoralised. The German and Austrian Emperors will meet shortly. A rich disoovery ot gold at Lovely Valley, Waukaringa. A Coolgardie is reported to have been found at Waukaringa. The New South Wales bear garden again causing trouble. Twenty-rive persons killed by a boiler ex nlosiou in Russia. An immense crowd attended Martial Bjurdin's funeral. The cargo of tbe wrecked barque AarhnB is valued at £15,000. The Bank of England etopped paymont on February 25, lTH'X Italy is going in for rigid economies and increased taxation. An Austrian baron died suddenly in Mel bourne on Monday. The Waikeri Village Settlement has a splen did fishing ground. John Rigi?e, jun., met with a terrible accident at G&wler.; An old man murdered his wife, aged S2, at Bradford, Victoria. The ghost of Napoleon will shortly disappear from ttiu Cyclorama. Sneli'a bicycle tide to Melbourne occupied 3 davs 4 hours 14 mid. A' bright future prophesied for the West Australian goldfielde. Glenelg residents want the Grange railway extended to Brighton. English wheat prices are lower than they have been for 50 years. South Australian butter has been sold in London at llos. per cwt. Snail's jonrney to Melbourne was 11 miles longer than that of Toms. Hortea bred by Sir T. Elder won three races at Caulneld on Saturday. Tbe London police nipped the Anarchist demonstration in the bud. The railway revenue for the week ended February 24 was £2O,55S. Three Morph*ttviUe-bred youngsters ran 1, 2, 3 in the Alina Stakes. A Victorian convict has committed suicide rather than suffer the lash. Tasmania will not be represented at the Brisbane Rust Conference. Cambridge won the annual football match against Oxford by two goals. The Victorian Education Department ie dismissing ISO lady teachers. His Honor Mr. Justice Boucnut will go on the northern circuit in April. Work has commenced at the Mount Re markable Village Settlement. Another railwav- crossing accident and a miraculous escape from death. Lovely Gully is situated between five and six miles west of Waukaringa. Tbe Customs receipts up to February 24 amounted to £344,106 17s. Od. Mr. J. P. Stow is to be transferred from Mount Gambier to Port Pirie. During a cyclone in Mauritius a train was swept off a bridge into a river. ' A foul-moucDed blackguard' is what one Sydney legislator calls another. The French Government are starting a Colonial Institute of their own. Knelt to take aim at a duck ; mistaken for a pig ; shot dead. A tad story. East Lynne dead at lant. Alas ! onfy a horse of that name and not the drama. Development of the Coolgardie mines is etopped owing to want of water. The bicycle record between Adelaide and Melbourne broken by over 18 hours. Non- unionists are taking the place of unionists at the Newcastle colleries. Spain is demanding an indemnity of £600,000 from the Sultan of Morocco. Penal servitude for life for attempting to murder tbe Servian Minister in Paris. The Northern Peniasula town councils are trying to relieve the local unemployed. Fifteen natives have been drowned in the Kimberley district of West Australia. No labor candidate is to be run in the Northern and North-Eastern districts. The Hon. R. S. Bird has been elected Speaker of the Tasmanian Parliament. A wealthy American heiress has bestowed her hand and fortune upon a *' bobby.' Time-expired men from the Ringdove and Orlando leave for England by the Cuzco. Neckeregat sirbd the fires and second ia the Alma Stakes and Gang Forward the third. In Sydney 12.000 persons have applied for work through the Government labor bureau. A contractor has been awarded £1,600 in a case against tbe Viotorian Miuister of Works. The membership of the Young Women'B Christian Association of London has reached 14,000. A new stamp of engine for the overland line has just been completed by Messrs. J. Martin and Co. W-=st Australian speculators warned against introducing 'wild cats' on the London market. The case against J. J. Miller for keeping a common gambling- house in Melbourne is to be rebaard. A gigantic engineering scheme for storing the waters of tbe Nile for irrigation purposes is in contemplation. 