misoe5aneops. ' . , , Nov. 21 and 30..,, P The death is announced of Lord Swansea; : fife in his 73rd year. It is thought that tho Queensland loan A will bo aiicoeasfullV floated: - ,'i-8 The cHiectore .bf the Imperial Institute j® propose tjiat .pt the .end of tha year they ':1ft should coogato light and otherwise provide 'dor special .eflrvices' in rimneotioii with 'the colonial courts '.'until the arrears of the colonial contribution' havo boon paid',' and .on equitablo basis of future payments j,» arranged..' "... ;l By the annual report of the Peninsular ' and Oriental Steam Navigation' Company, ' jthe net surplus for tho past year is toown iii to ho £182,000. After tho payment of jW? dividondfl at tho ruto of 5 por cent, per W>-!t avow on the preferred shares, a Bum of yVl(j£8200 remains to bo carried forward. Tho 'fAcP earnings from tho passenger traffic on tho ylW Australian ljne shows considerable decrease. .fsHj Harding, .of Wandsworth, has accoptod'a challenge, from T. 8ullivan, tho New Zoa- v-j« land eoulior; to row ovor-tho championship tM' course on-the Tyno, for L200 a sido. - Ttfis reported that thoGrand Duke George .ft of Russia, tho Czar's brother, isrdeod. \- Deo. let and 2nd. . A mufdotous attack hae boen mado on a ffl lady whoywab' walking'in a street ' in Ken- sington. - TttaSsault was made by a woman 1 who stahhed-herviotiin-in the face. I A state of chaos is said to prevail at i Pekin. There aro manifest signs of a rising i amongst the. popiilaco. ' ' Japan. has bought tho Ohillion cruiser Esmeralda.' ..In addition to 84 warships now being con- ' scructed, Franco intonds to. expond nearly four millions next year in tho building' of further vowels for .tho nbvy. '<. It is rep'ottbd' fro in 'lndia 'that a' groat gathoring'of Waaria,a'hatiVo'tri bo 'which lately pttackedtthb camp of tho'.\W aziristah Delimitation escort on duo - Indian, frontier, has assemhiod, and that further. fighting. «xpoctod. A' FaIthfijl Sheep;— A strdhge iiicident iii' couricotion with . atAok droving is reported from' Coonnmble. Same time ago ; 1000 head df otittle left the Carella station in Queensland hound south. Along with the cattle there came from the station a solitary wether sheep. The sheep followed, the herd for a. distance. of. 900 miles, and swam the Thompson River where two of the bullooks were drowned, the Barcoo River twioe, also fhe Neave, the Bnrwon, and the Gwyder all being in flood. It has' become tjuite " a fa vourite with the drovers and some of' the older bullooks during the long journey, 'and was in better prder when left that at the commencement of the journey'. A Sharp Bot— A sharp hoy hav ing. good-naturedly assisted another in a -.diffioult ciphering lesson was an grily asked by the.teooher — Why did you work his lesson ? , To lessen his work, was the reply. ' ' ' 'Growing Old. — The .dead are the only people who , never grow old, Tour tittle brother or sister that die< lopg ago' remains, in death and re- Higmbyapce, the same young thing, .top oxer.. . ft' is fourteen years this ioyopingsinoe the writcr'ssister leftthis .wor. - Sho .was fifteen - years old Aeashe is-fifteen yoars old .-yet. I, have.grown old,. sinoe then, by four- tean years, hut she has never ohangOd as they advanced; and if I am' spued' toiourscore, I never shall think of her other, than th'e youthful thing she faded. The other day I listened as a poor woman' told the death of her first-born child. He was two years old. ' She had 'a small washing green, across which was stretched a rope that caihe in the middle olose to the ground. The hoy was leaning on the rope, swinging backwards, and shouting with delight. The mother went into the cottage and loBt sight of him for a minute.; and when she returned, the little man was lying across the rope, dead ! It had got under hjs chin ; he hod not the sense to push it away, and he was suffocated. The mother told me,' and I believe truly, that she had never been the same per son since then ; she thought of her ohild as an infant of two yet. Had her child lived he would have been twenty years old now ; he died and ho is only two ; he is two yet — will never he more than two. The little rosy face of that morning, and the' tittle half- articulate voice, would have bhhn faintiy remembered hy'the mo ther had|they gradually died away in to boyhood and manhood ; hut that stereotyped them, and they.remained unchanged. . There is not suoh a mighty differ' ence as. some men imagine between the poor and rioh. In pomp, show, and opinion there.is a great deal, but little. as- to thp pleasures, and satisfac tion of -life. . They enjoy the sapue earth, air, and' heaven's ; hunger and thirst make the poor man's meat and drink-as pleasant and relishing as - all the varieties whioh cover the rioh man's table ; and the labour of 'a . poor, man- is- more healthful than, and many times more, pleasant, too, than the eosie and. softness of tho rioh. .. The Sohool Board elections in Lon don have, resulted. in fresh successes for 'the Progressive Party. Occupation oures one-half of life's troubles, and tends.to mitigate the re-' mainder. — George Mogridge. 1 have lived to know that the seoret of happiness is never to allow your energies to stagnate.. — Adam Clarke. Go will make -the best use of his wealth who esteems his intellect the best part ef it, and who employs both under a sense . of'.: the "responsibility which their possession creates. A country minister of a- certain town took permanent leave of his con gregation m-. the following pathetio manner "Brothers and sisters, I have come to say good-bye. I don't think God loves this church, because none.of you ever die. I don't think you love one another, because I never marry .any of ' you. -I don't think you love' me, because you have not paid my salary. Your donations are moilldy fruit and worn apples, and 'by their fruit ye shall know them.' 'Bro thers, I am going' away to a better place. ' I have been called to be, cap tain of a penitentiary. Where I go ye cadnot come, but I go to prepare a place for you, and' may the Lord have meroy, on your souls. Good-bye. Six years ago there were 2218- fet- tlers and labourers oh the New South Wales' railway, besides 58 inspectors and 579 officers. Now. there are 35 inspectors, ' 20' superintendents, 584 officers, aind 1610 fettlers and labour- ers. v ' . - Two more- lines . of railway have been dosed in Yiotoria on aooount of heavy losses in working them. ' it' is! rumoured that" Mr.v Eddy. "Chief Commissionor of':tho' Now South AVnlos' railway, -has accepted tho position of chairihan' of tho South-Eastern -Railway Company. Sir William Hareourt, Chnncollor of th Exchequer, has despatched a Commissioner to.Sweden to report upon the Gothenburg liquor solo system. At the-'wod sales on Saturday, good wools - brought better prices than at tho opening of the present series of sales. Choicest qualities of Australian butter are selling at 112s par owt. hut a fow lots have realised llSs per owt. The entire stock of the new season's butter has been sold.' It is said that Colonial is gradually taking the place of Danish butter in tho English market. .The Russian Embassy has received no information confirming the report of tho death of tho Grand Duko George of Russia. On Satuiday night tho Hoii. j. HoskinB, M.L.C., was garotted in Craigend-street, Sydnev, and robbed of his watch, hiB chain, and othor artioles. Tho Premier states that the new loan of three quarters of a million sterling will probably be raised locally. Tho mimbor of. unemployed is repidly increasing in and around Sydney. Mrs. Kont, 69 years of age, Was burned to death in a woodon building at Fort Lin coln, 8.A. Lady Patterson, wifo of the ex-Premier of Victoria, diod on' Sunday . morning aged 61, from pleurisy. A Rockhampton telegram states that a man named Kirkwood, 'aged .32, while working a. circular sawi' deliberately, laid himself oil the saw end Jet it, rover his -hood from' his body. He leaves "a widow and fiyo children. " The Government will make a strong effort to get the ostimatos through -before the Christmas adjournment. ' A widow named Lovel waa found dead in Melboumo under suspiciouB circumstances on Friday, and Edward Johnson has been arrested charged with mtuder. ' ;Thd Pariioincntory eleotionforWillongh- by took jiloco on Iriibr, Mittiting.' in the rotum'of Air. E, M. Clark hf k majority of sixty votes, over ' the late nicmlior, Mr. J. F. Ciullon. John Wilfaud, ox-M.L.A. of -New South Wolos, who was chargod with the larceny of a letter and recaipt-books from the Bris bane Post-office has heOn acquitted, a ver dict of ".not guilty" being returned. S|Valot ; There is a lady outmdewhn refuses to give her name. Skp is.loakjng at cvery- thing in the parlour, and "does just" aB if she was at home. Mr. Uptodate : Great .Ctesar's ghost!- She-must cither be .j my . mother-in-law: or that woman . who u threatening tp sne mo for a breach of prd- miso. ' '' ' ' 1 Please ma'am;' said thd boy; ' can't you holpme? I haa to support n wife and throe children,' . -'YouP Why, you're not old enough to be married. 'No; but me father is. , It's his wife and throe children I has to support.' A little boy, seeing for the first time a Highland soldier with his kilt and large black feather hat on, exolaimod to liis mo ther: ".Oh, mithor, oome hereon' eee this groat big queer man. He is barefit up to the kneea,- an' has a funeral on his head.' 