CONSECRATION OP THE BISHOP OF GRAFTON AND ARMIDALE. The morning of Tuesday, 1st inst., was fine and bright in the eai'ly hours, and led to the expectation that the weather would be as favour able for the first consecration of a bishop held in Victoria as it had been for the first consecration of a cathedral four years ago. About ten o'clock, however, the skies were overcast, and a smart shower of rain fell on the crowds waiting at the Cathedral doors. Before this time, however, a large number of persons — friends of the Bishop-elect and others — holding special tickets for the seats in the centre of the nave, had found admission into the building, and filled the nave, with biia eAuejJiiuii ui nit; nuiiu suttba icseiveu xux me uieiyjr, uuwn vexjr nearly to the far end. Many of these had come by a special train that morning from Ballarat and Geelong, in which cities the Bishop elect had held his two most important and recent cures. A few residents from the Diocese of Grafton and Armidale, the diocese for which Dr. Green was to be consecrated, were present in the congrega tion, and evinced the deepest interest in the proceedings. Under the management of the lay-canons and a number of young men whom they had enlisted under their direction, the arrangements for seating the worshippers were carried out without any difficulty or confusion. By the time (10.45) when the doors were thrown open to the general public but little room was to be found, except for those who were willing to stand throughout a service two hours and three-quarters in length, without including the celebration. So many reasons combined to make the ceremony attractive: the personal popularity of Dr. Green, the fact that it was the first consecration of a bishop ever held in Victoria, and the first consecration of a clergyman educated in Australia ever held in Australia — even without counting the brilliancy of the spectacle and the imposing character of the rite. About a quarter before eleven the bishops who were to take part in the service — six in number — arrived from Bishopscourt, at which they were guests, and proceeded to the Bishop's Vestry to robe themselves. On Bishop Thornton, as Senior Bishop of Australia — yet how short a time it seems since we were welcoming him at an enthusiastic meeting in the Melbourne Town Hall as a new arrival from England — devolved, in the absence of the Primate, the Archbishop's part in the consecrat ing of the bishop. Had it not been for this happy seniority of the Bishop of Ballarat, nothing can be more certain than that Sydney, and, not Melbourne, would have been selected for the ceremony, and Churchmen in Victoria — or, at least, all but a few of them — would have missed the opportunity of attending a noble and touehingly beautiful service, the recollection of which will dwell with many of them as long as they live. Bishop Go,e, as alone of all the prelates present possessing jurisdiction in this diocese, by turns closed and I headed the procession, and, with pastoral staff turned outwards, pro ij nounced the, final benediction. The Bishop of Newcastle, most genial I and humorous of speakers, but of what self-denial and endurance 1 capable the remote North Queensland settlers alone can witness, takes I the next place as second in standing to the Senior Bishop. The I Bishop of Adelaide, also, is here, though able to make only a flying I visit to Melbourne, with his bright alert glance and general air of | intelligence and energy, giving one the idea of an older and more [I experienced Dr. Green, after he shall have put off the freshness of b youth, and gained in its stead, the habit of self-reliance and authority. | The Bishop of Eiverina, too, has come, and his neighbour across the 1 Murray — our own William of Goulburn — not unmindful, we are well f assured, of that All Saints' Day in 1892 when bishops and clergy from I all the dioceses round assembled at Goulburn to see him consecrated j] in Bishop Thomas' room in iBishop Thomas' Cathedral. Only at j general synods, or Church congresses, or at the consecration of our ! Cathedral have the princes of our Colonial Church mustered in such 1 force. The procession, being ably marshalled, fell into their places at u the appointed time without trouble or delay, and entered the Cathedral | by the south transept door at eleven o'clock, the vergers, choristers, jl ? and choirmen leading the way, followed by the clergy of Ballarat, one h or two representatives of the clergy of Tasmania ; then, the solitary [I clergyman from Grafton and Armidale having been impressed to serve I] as chaplain for his bishop, the clergy of the home diocese in a large I body, many having come up from the country for the occasion ; next 1] to these, the Melbourne Chapter, represented by Archdeacons I Stretch and MacCullagh, Canons Handfield, Vance, and Potter, with I] whom walked Canon Mercer, of Ballarat, and Dr. Corlette, official | representative of the Diocese of Sydney ; the Bishop-elect, with his | chaplains — Bevs. W. C. Pritchard and W. K. Piddington ; the Bishops I of Eiverina, Adelaide, and Newcastle, with their chaplains; the I Preacher, the Bishop of Goulburn, the Chancellor of the Diocese of I Ballarat (Mr. Cuthbert, M.L.C.) in his robes, the Senior Bishop, with I his three chaplains — Archdeacons Cooper and Allnutt, and Eev, E. I Eadcliff — and the Bishop of Melbourne, with his three chaplains — I Canons Chase and Goodman, and Eev. D. M. Berry. I The procession having passed down the south aisle, returned i through the nave singing the processional hymn, ' The Church's One I Foundation.' The clergy having taken the places reserved for them I in the front of the nave, about 140 in number, the canons having i proceeded to their stalls, and the bishops to the north side of the sanc 1 tuary, where a chair and faldstool were left vacant for the Bishop |j elect, and the chaplains to the south side, the Bishop of Ballarat I began the service of Holy Communion, standing on the north side of i the altar. The special epistle (1 Tim. xiv. 1) was read by the Bishop H of Newcastle, on the south side of the sanctuary, and the Gospel (St. H John xxi. 14) by the Bishop of Melbourne, on the north side. After I the Nicene Creed, the verger conducted the preacher to the pulpit. I His text was from Psalm 45 v. 17. Km II ' Instead of tliy fathers thou shalt have children, whom thou mayest make princes m - in all lands.' m This 45th Psalm, spiritually understood, is a song concerning Christ |J and His Church. From this point of view, it has been selected as U one of the Proper Psalms for Christmas Day. In these days of exact g criticism, when our attention is almost exclusively directed to the H letter of Scripture, there is naturally a danger lest the principle of IS spiritual interpretation should be lightly esteemed. Not that there is H any necessary antagonism between a reverent investigation of the text |j and the religious perception of those spiritual truths which underlie H it ; but for all that, the tone and temper of mind which is begotten H of scientific criticism is usually more or less unfavourable to a right H appreciation of its inner and spiritual meaning. To many a modern H critic of Holy Scripture (as the poet says) — IS A primrose on the river's brim H A yellow primrose is to him, H And it is nothing more. H Against such a spirit we shall do well to stand on guard, lest our H knowledge be without faith and without love. H The use of this 45th Psalm on Christmas Day gives us the key to H . its spiritual interpretation ; it is a song of the Incarnation ; the first H nine verses speak of Him who was made man as a Eoyal Bridegroom H (Isa. v. 10). The Psalmist speaks of the Eoyal Bride, the Church, H anticipating, so to say, the inspired figure of speech with which our H Lord and His apostles have made us so familiar. In short, the whole H Psalm is a marriage-song, composed on the occasion of some royal H espousals. The tradition is that its historical reference is to King JH Solomon's nuptials with Pharaoh's daughter. Be this as it may, it H certainly celebrates some such notable event in Jewish history ; but H all Jewish history is more or less typical (1 Cor. x). A greater than H Solomon is here. His earthly splendours foreshadowed, we believe, if a better glory to be afterwards revealed. At best, he was but H a faint and transient image of One who should be a King of Bight H eousness as well as a King of Peace, and ' of whose kingdom there H should be no end.' ? H The verse I have read as my text relates to the Bride. It is, then, H to the Church of Christ that the promise of the Holy Spirit is made : 'Instead of thy fathers thou shalt. have children,, whom thou mayest make princes in all lands.' And the words, dear brethren, set forth a law of the kingdom of God — the law of continuity, the law of succession. It is a law which encourages hope ; it is a law which is not without its element of sadness. It is a law which encourages hope, for, by enforcing new responsibilities, it serves to develop human character, to transform dormant qualities into permanent characteristics, to ripen the judgment, strengthen the will, and transform knowledge into action. To be forced to act is to be made to accept the prerogative of manhood, and on every such acceptance, loyally given, a benediction springs from the closed graves around us. It is the fact of these 'closed graves' which gives the 'touch of sadness' of which I spoke even to such high promise as that which our text reveals — 'Instead of thy fathers.' It tells of human activities that are now no more; it reminds us that ' here we have no continuing city,' and 'there is none abiding.' 'Our fathers, where are they? The prophets, do they live for ever?' We remember the fathers of our Israel who have been taken from us — 'men of renown'— and our hearts fail us. We remember how valiantly they contended for the faith and obedience of Christ, and ' turned to flight the armies of the aliens,' and we doubt if we shall look upon their like again. How, we think, can the utterances of our contemporaries be an adequate substitute for words of wisdom — from minds so well disciplined and well-furnished — which made our hearts burn within us? No ! teaching such as theirs we shall hear no more. ' How are the mighty fallen, and the weapons of war perished!' 'Instead of thy fathers, thou shalt have children.' The laws of the kingdom of God, however stern they may seem, are always beneficent. In the providence of God, times of succession become times of revival; the old order passes, and God fulfils His will in other ways. 'Like as the arrows in the hand of the giant, even so are the young children.' God's work advances though His workmen die ; and with new workmen come new vigour, renewed interest, more rapid progress. According to the ordinary laws of fallen humanity, succession often means decline. Not so in the kingdom of God; there, succession means new plans and broader designs, more complete performance, and augmented blessings. It was so of old time, when the great liberator of Israel, by the foot of the hill of Nebo, hands on to the guardianship of his successor the awful trust of leadership, and Joshua stands as captain in his stead, and he brings the Lord's host to the other side of Jordan, and divides among them the lot of their inheritance. So was it in after days, when, by the same Jordan, the prophetic mantle of Elijah, the prophet of judgment, fell upon Elisha, the prophet of lovingkind ness, a true son of man, who foreshadowed in character and temper the Son of Man, and the work of God which the rugged ascetic of Gilead had only half accomplished prospered in his hand. It was so, again, in Gospel times, when the spirit of the martyred Stephen rested on the young man Saul, who was consenting to his death; and from the one to the other was transferred the maintenance of the great New Testament truth — that Jew and Gentile alike were fellow-heirs of God's promises in Christ ; and Saul's call to the apostolate was the dawn of the first great epoch of the expansion of the Church. So has it been throughout the ages. As we look back to-day on the history of more than eighteen centuries, we find that a time of succession has again' and again been a time of refreshing from the presence of the Lord. At such a time, we learn that mighty Divine Spirit, who dwells always within the body of Christ, takes to Himself His mighty power, and renews the face of the Church; and once again the ancient prophetic word meets with its fulfilment, 'Instead of thy fathers thou shalt have children, whom thou mayest make princes in all lands.' At such a time in the history of our Australian Church we are met together to- day. One of her own children, reared in her bosom, instructed in her schools of learning, is being to-day sent forth from this her newest and most stately Cathedral church to take his place among those who are the chosen 'witnesses' of the Lord's Eesurrec tion. To-day, then, is the prediction of the text fulfilled before our eyes. The first fathers of our Australian branch of the One Catholic and Apostolic Church— its pioneers and founders — have one by one been removed from our midst. They have laid down the staff for others to grasp — the staff which symbolised their pastoral care for the children of God, scattered in this land so widely abroad — and have fallen on sleep, and are at rest with God. As we look back to-day, the hearts of the elder among us are filled with tender memories. With Jesus, the Son of Sirach (Eccles. xliv.), we may well 'praise famous men and our fathers that begat us, by whom the Lord wrought great glory through His great power from the beginning.'' They were ' leaders of the people by their counsels ; wise and eloquent in their instructions ; honoured in their generations, and the glory of their times.' And now they have finished their course, having kept the faith. Some, indeed, of those other fathers in Christ, who for a time filled their place, still live and labour in His service elsewhere; but, whether among the living or the dead, their names live on in the /'?(I ? 1_ ? J_l ? . ? ? __'!_ * / m1_ Till ft i 1 ? ? T Til ^nurcnes mey governed: ' ine people len-oi tneir wisaom, ana me congregation shows forth their praise, and their righteousness hath : not been forgotten.' . . . Now, to-day, in the room of one of these fathers whom the Lord has called to Himself, the second Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, our brother here present, is called to a place in the Australian Episcopate. What his past has been as student, preacher, priest, pastor, and ruler, you know, dear brethren, as well as I — some of you even better than I. On this solemn day, in this sacred house, words of commendation would seem out of place. This only will I say of him — it is he, and such as he, ' diligent in the busi ness of their calling (whatever that calling may be), and fervent in spirit,' who, as the swiftly-passing years roll on, are helping to make true the prophetic motto of his own university — Posterd crescam laiide. It is from such as he who love Australia and Australia's Church, and have devoted to the service of each their highest powers of mind and body, that we learn to know the meaning of the motto of his college — Pro ecdesid,pro patrid. True patriotism and ardent Churchmanship : the two: things go together; for 'he that loveth God -will love his brother also.' True patriotism and ardent Churchmanship: these, as I believe, are the God-inspired motives which have led our brother freely to yield up, at the call of the (to him) unknown diocese to which he goes, the peaceful and happy associations of an honourable past. It is, as ypu know, no well-furnished, well-endowed See, no post of learned leisure, no place of dignified ease, that he has consented to fill, and nearly a thousand miles will separate him from the friends and home he leaves. A high position (as men speak), no doubt, awaits him, and a good work; but that overmastering sense of personal responsibility which weighs upon the heart of every faithful bishop, he will find, believe me, to be no light burden. He will know something of apostolic poverty, and even more, it may be, of apostolic anxiety— that which comes upon us daily, ' the care of all the Churches.' In days to come, I doubt not, many a lingering glance will he cast back on the familiar parsonage at Ballarat, and the happy activities of city life, as, year by year continually, he journeys many a rough and weary mile over vast unpeopled tracts of hill and forest and plain, with little entertainment save his own thoughts ; with no true companionship save the presence of the unseen Lord ; and scant encouragement, it may be, save the joy of service. And ' who is sufficient for these things ?' We ' can do all things through Christ that strengthened us.' In that strength of. His, dear' brother, gird up the loins of your mind; go forth to make ventures of faith, to labour, and suffer (if need be), for His dear sake, who loved you and gave Himself for you. Be ready, for the love of Him and of the souls whom He has redeemed, to be ' watchful in all things, to endure afflictions, to do the work of an evangelist, to make full proof of your ministry.' He whom you seek to serve will grant you, doubt it not, the spirit of power, and of love, and of a sound mind ; and be your period of warfare long or short, He will make you a successful^ herald of the everlasting Gospel, a wise and faithful planter of^^m Apostolic Church, a bold and tender shepherd of Christian^©tu&£' What work has the world to offer so ennobling as this? Whatfcronvn so glorious can the Judge of quick and dead award to men fas5 that diadem of exceeding brightness reserved in heaven for those^^ho 'turn many to righteousness'? The Lord be with you, my bflSigfeft Henceforth, instead of the place of a son in the Lord's House^ra/ shall fill that of a father. Instead of waiting and watching for tnS*1 word and counsel of some trusted leader, you will have yourself to lead. Arduous tasks and difficult problems you will have to face as they arise, almost alone, with no helper save in the Unseen, no strength and stay save the Spirit of the invisible God. But 'My Grace,' He tells us, ' is sufficient for thee.' Yes ! ' O Lord, in Thee have I trusted; I shall never be confounded.' The benediction of this great responsibility, then, is waiting to come upon you. Arise and meet it with courage, and trust, and love, in a spirit of self-denial and self-sacrifice. 'Take up thy cross,' the Saviour said, 'If. thou would'st My disciple be' ; ' , Deny thyself, the world forsake, And humbly follow after Me.' 'Per crucem ad lucent': The way of the cross is the way to light ' Instead of thy fathers thou shalt have children, whom thou mayest make princes in all lands.' Let us pray, dear brethren of the clergy and laity here gathered together in the name of Jesus — let us pray that Ke who is now to be enrolled among the rulers of the spiritual Israel may indeed be a 'prince' with God, and may prevail to do His work, and win His final 'Well done.' In this behalf, let us make, I say, this time, of succession a time of intercession, of earnest, united, '? continued prayer, as we offer the sacrifice of praise, that the vast and distant and scattered diocese to which our brother goes may, under his ministry, be enriched with all the blessed fruits of God the Holy Ghost . . ;. Who can doubt that, in answer to our fervent pleadings, the Lord our God, who is more ready to hear than we to pray, will open the windows of heaven, and pour out a blessing upon us more than we can ask or think? Amen. At the conclusion of the sermon the Bishop-elect, who had up to this time taken his seat in one of the canons' stalls, was conducted by his chaplain to the vestry, where he put on his rochet. During his absence the following anthem was sung :— . ' Send out Thy light and Thy Truth; let them lead me, arid let them bring me to Thy holy hill. O God, then will I go unto Thy altar ; on the harp we will praise Thee, 0 Lord our God. Why, 0 my soul, art thou sorrowful ? and why cast down within me ? Still trust the loving-kindness of the God of thy strength, and my tongue yet shall praise Him who hath pleaded my cause. Lord our God, Thou wilt save Thine anointed, Thou wilt hear us from Heaven. Though in chariots some put their trust, our trust is in Thee. They are brought down and fallen, but the Lord is our helper, we shall not be afraid.' The Senior Bishop having taken his seat in the chair in front of ' the Holy Table, the Bishop-elect returned to the Cathedral, and at the door was met by the Bishops of Melbourne and Newcastle, and by them presented to the Senior Bishop with the words, ' Right revered father in God, we present unto you this godly and well-learned man to be ordained and consecrated bishop.' The Senior Bishop then demanded the certificate of his election by the Synod of Grafton and Aninidale, and the certificate of the confirmation t-f the same by the Metropolitan and Bishops of the Province of New South Wales, which were accordingly read by the Chancellor of Ballarat,\and the oath of canonical obedience to the Metropolitan administered. This done, the Bishop-elect remained kneeling in front of the Senior Bishop's chair, while the Litany, including a special suffrage proper to the Consecration Service, was chanted by the Precentor, after which the Senior Bishop having said the prayer, ' Almighty God, giver of all good things,' put '. the usual questions to the candidate for episcopal consecration, having answered which the Bishop-elect again retired to the vestry to attire himself in the episcopal habit. In his absence the choir sang the anthem from Mendelssohn's St. Pa«Z—' How lovely are the messengers that preach in the Gospel of peace. To all the nations is gone forth the sound of their words, throughout all the world their glad tidings.' The Bishop-elect then returned and knelt in front of the Senior Bishop's chair. At this point the other bishops came forward and took their places on each side of the Senior Bishop. The hymn 'Veni Creator Spiritus' was then sung, the congregation kneeling. After the versicles and the collect, 'Almighty God and most Merciful Father,' the Senior Bishop and all the bishops with him laid their hands upon the head of the Bishop-elect, the Bishop of Ballarat saying the words of consecration, 'Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a bishop, &c;,' and delivering the Bible with the exhortation belonging to that act. The newly-consecrated Bishop then took his seat with the bother bishops within the rail. At the celebra tion that followed (Choral — Stanford, in B flat), nearly five hundred communicated, two rails being used, and all the bishops, with Canon ? Chase, the canon-in-charge for the week, assisting in the administra tion. The service ended, the procession retired in reverse order, the ; Bishop of Melbourne leading the way. The offertory was for the. ? expenses of the service. Reception in the Mayob's Room. : A large company of the bishops and leading clergy and laity of the ; diocese and their visitors assembled at the Town Hall, in response to ? an invitation from the Mayor and Mrs. Snowden, at half-past three the same afternoon, to meet the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale. ^reffit'JljHHS^had been taken to decorate the Council Chamber and the jj^JBaqgigffeVdinff to it with pot plants and flowers. An admirable '?organ fecxKgl/w^welve numbers, including 'Oh, Rest in the Lord!' i ' The Heaven^ are. Telling,' and ' The Hallelujah Chorus,' was given /ijftMV- s^ayid JEi'ee', on the Town Hall organ. Before and after the recital 'tlie~guesWi)ar took of light refreshments in the Mayor's Room. Y^AI^tl^ijWeJEHng services the Cathedral was again full, and the ZEygscetgjjfkRf'ii not so large as in the morning, very large. The service (Mann, in A flat) was intoned by the Precentor. The lessons were read by the Bishops of Riverina and Adelaide. The sermon was by the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, from 1 Cor. ii. 16 and iii. 5— ' Who is sufficient for these things ?' ' Our sufficiency is from God.' The offertory (£37 17s. lid.) was for the Bishop's Residence Fund of Grafton and Armidale. 