BOUND-ABOUT NOTES. " Let slip the dogs of war I" We are finding gold in every hole and corner of our mother colony —knocking Coldgar-die into the grave— but divil the skerrik of it conies up this way. What have we done at all, to be sent about ou our ear like this ? I think we had better turn the full force of our gas battery on to tnis great; goiaen uiouu, auu try if we can't make some of its droppings fall on us even us. Just now our battery has a 50-horse- power-side-delivery action — calculated, in fact, to blow up — or blow down, all the gold ever coined. I asked a gentleman recently if lie thought praying for showers of gold would, as with rain, answer ? " I doan' shudge a man py der length of his brayers . nor der loudness of his psalm Der question vhas does he pay his debts und keep his hens mit his own back-yard ?— dats der Khristian fon me I" Which proves the saying that there is a remarkable fuud of philosophy in this world. What, in thunder, was all the cheering and shouting about near the School of Arts on Wednes day?' I got down from my procreau't pirch and flew round a bit, but deuce the twig of knowledge could I alight ou, and I ti'Oi'Ci'sed a. good space too through a forrest-tcr see what was wrong- or right (I hope you'll excite se the - italics), and I had to dump it down as a brown study entirely. A taller bird, however, since tells me that a happy tonsorial knight was bdrberoualy doctoring up a lecture during the progress of a game of billiards. If my Adrain speaks aright, . the eloquence, must have been of. an overproof nature, for I received a telephonic message from. Armidale to this effect : "Tell your people to cease shouting. Our spirits are too damp to join iu their hilarity I" ..... . - As Miss Carrie George says in ' Living or Dead,' we are never satisfied till we get what we want, and, when wo have got it we find we don't want it. ' There's, a lieap of sold fact in that, my dear and it " would be a tough job to. find the man on . whom has fallen a stack of straw during hot summer who wouldn't prefer striking an iceberg. Ouly a few hours ago, as it were, farmers were drooping their noses to an angle, of 90 because of the dry-as-ash sky ;. now th'ey are as so many wethers in a gale owing to the wet I Phoebus, what manner of people are we? By the powers, though, whether we like the weather or whether we don't, we'll have to 'weather it, anyhow, in spite of Federation speeches or bone-dust sermons, and that's all about it. ' . -- Yet, to the fellow who is flipped by the bank, flipped by frosty debts, flipped on. all sides, .flipped by wet, dreary, melancholy looking skies, there is not much flippancy in the seatny side of life, so he sits on the sharpest rail and sings : Where is the pride of Summer — the green prime ? The many,' many leaves all twinkling ?— Three On the mossed elm ; three on the naked lime, Trembling ; and one. upon the old oak-tree! - Where is. the Dryads' immortality? . Gone into mournful cypress and dark yew, Or wearing the long gloomy Winter through In the smooth holly's green eternity. Just when he has done tooting, he jumps down and finds his farm washed away, his. honse falling, his stock posioned, his wife carried off by pirates, his children dead, himself iu the world's bush — ragged, friendless, arid heels up with pronounced care I And then, about this time, the religious man bobs serenely iu, and tells him " Life's sweet I" So it may be, but it wants a lot of this sort of logic to make the fellow on his head see the Joe'- Miller of it. And the man who don't happen to know the Dryad personally, may be told that in 'mythology it is a nymph of the woods. ' In Glen Innes' it is different — or it was different. No myth about- it. THe nymph proved to be a real live gin — black as a tarpot, and skipping about the Wellingrove thickets, arrayed in a parson's spotless Episcopal surplice, and a tall hat, cocked jauntily on her "cobbra." This gay daughter of the soil played the very devil with residents' nerves who saw her, and they galloped frenzily to the village, with the news that a "ghost was about. Just before her capture by the more intrepid searchers, however, it transpired that a rev. gentleman, at that time re siding not 100 miles from Glen lanes, had settled the nuptials at a bush "switch," and that having taken a little wine for his stomach's sake (which, I am told, was not unusual to him, if natural then)-, he collided with a tree op his way home, and upset the chariot. And it came to pass a deep sleep fell upon the just man ; and behold as he lay asleep while it was yet day, there came a woman which was black, depilated his raiment, and fled unto the wood!. The balance of the picture can be easier imagined than described. : . - - - Once, in the seventies, Glen Innes -possessed, among its men of wealth, one or two whose love for devilment was as proverbial as intense, and then- transactions spread over a vast range indeed. One, who was a sort of rustic and "genius combined, felt- no peace unless figuring in some sort cf practical joke. A newly-established businessman of much- frugality, had a costly counter erected. Just then, our hero steps in, mounts the polished bench, aud, with, quite a nonchalant air, takes out his knife and begins to stab into the surface of trie wood as he tells the horrified shopman some fairy tale I The latter was no match for the intruder, so, out of sheer sorrow and remorse, he intensified his mis fortune by getting " tight." Again, his Nemesis, swoops down. They make friends over the bowl-. Cards are introduced; Money is played for, and the last- penny the indiscreet shopman basis won. Then his stock-in-trade is staked, and that goes also, and morning dawns, to find an hitherto sobor .man helpless and ruined I All he owned, however, was restored when he awoke, the wag being satis- fived with having knocked a high old "allnight"" out of a reputed "dry hash, "and he recompensed him for the damaged counter as a counterbalance That was one phase of. " life" up here of old In those days, also, the Council Chambers often afforded a crumb of glee. The wrangling den then -was truly an architectural engima— a sort of gun- yan and kennel mixed, entrance to which was not without difficulty. Alternate planks were laid on the mud patch, and don't I mind the figure which a certain civic warrior of the day presented as he essayed to walk that mean line, with rum-distended «,Tn ?Ud, b\e?,rGd eye ? By the oaky, but it And then to see the clerk ringing the bell to announce the meeting, and a neighboring alderman, who was just then forging a shoe, spring "i,g u"f 1,Y\ mUt1' like a bob tail kangaroo over a ploughed field, and his basil and sleeves flying in i-re>eze , h3 Worship explain why- HoLcQ Wf a?m me on me motion for a drain kcross Snookem-street, and when Snookem-street is jl dodgasted swamp?" His Worship: "Im not disposed to say— your out of order I" "Out of C5!6 20me over hore aud I'll soon put |you out of order I .The Mayor does so. The bel- ion f n Pe;i i. ,e balance of the council jump ton the table and back their , particular fancy down Vven3 After the fourth round, the meeting per- S"ly adjourns, the tallow dip is snuffed, and tiiln CarUSe beSiu3- - Fun ,'wss on the Bristol : IhSinp Tgain a all of Joe Pops up from the sac- I mf wis S qullion, known as Murwillumbah— fn I-? ? ,ng WTls aud taring floods help £'to make hfe about as pleasant as that enjoyed bv |one Mr; Pharoah when his" bold crusaded wem '' nfT t m I,? waYes- \And no wonder, with a name of that sort dangling to it. They have been shut in from the outer world for 16 days, and it was only by the merest possible fluke the local Thunderer- S apPeara,uce at al,» and even then on f. hfnes decidedly under the pony standard, for want .' l didwPnr; " specia1 flood edition," therefore, -morlo i ISSUe ' t man vvbo ru"3 the Archi- ?Hvl „?- 'efrL.?Ver t'-lere hasn't half the construe ,tive genius of the artist out on the Balonue River knde'narHeirl a oach,au delugQ swept his sanctum mud carried off his crumpled paste-pot, he found ftSb"rpei> fo b.e riPPed up enough tea-, rtee bark for a special edition," and got even with Fates emergencies that way | How's this' for oS.!8 TT?11 rep,0rfc; Afca fashionable hostelry South— and, it wasn t Armidale— a gentleman caiu& late for his' matutinal irical. A daughter of Erin who . was " in the grace of God,'! and had a vei v uch brogue, was in attendance. " Wliat hivo von or breakfast, girl ?" " Muslia, si'iv Jt'sMfc if yrpbse "O?'8 ,8thake' SaSSa> "hops! ' not good enough foV'n'fancy tov J you something nice ? Thanks be to Go'd I'm ,?ot "l Cos'.nof.olifc,au ? owld s0d, ai, ye can«'er I-3 W-thear ?SnJer "K y shnout likc a sh wallow's tail 'i" The nn St 'fL 0"ASaU_lmaSin'. ' he long focused — me man in jamas. eoiA 