THE S.A.N.R.A. The annul meeting of the S.A. National Rifle Association reminds me (writes Hugh . Kalyptus) of the days when it kept together the martial feeling, and eventually fathered the present Defenoe Force. Probably few of the new members know what good service the old S.A.N.R.A. did in the days when it praotioally represented the mili tary spirit of Booth . Australia. It was composed of energetio, enthnsiastio riflemen, who made fine, shooting with that honest old "gaspipe" the Enfield at the butts on the South Park Lands. So confident were j the publio in the steadiness of the riflemen of those days that hundreds of people used to orossthe Park Lands while matches lasting for several days were earned on; and the boys used to play orioket and ohase the ball right on to the range sometimes. I know, be cause I was Secretary of the Assooiation and oapbain of the range towards the end of that glorious reign of oonfidenoe. In those days we oould go ont and praotioe on the range in the early morning and walk home to break fast. I remember on one oooasion we had a marker who was white-washing the target, when the late Gaptain Fergneson, I think, who was lying down taking a eight as we thought, fired and eoored a bullseye on the ringing plate right between the astonished marker's extended legs as he stood wiping out the target. The marker bolted across the Park Bands in a fright, and has never turned up einoe. On another odbasion a oow was grazing lazily across the 500-yards range, when a man fired and took the extreme tip off her horn. The oow yelled something equivalent to " Great Omsar's Ghost 1" or "Holy Ball of Bashan t" and bolted tail erect for the uttermost ends of the earth. The news papers need to publish every shot in those days, and a nioe time the Hon. Seoretary, who was also "war correspondent," had of It with the worry of secretarial work all day, a Council meeting in the evening, and two or thrse columns of soores to work up for the morning's paper. I was that unfor tunate individual, but got muoh sympathy and help from my dear old friend Gaptain R. J. Soott, a typioal rifleman, who was Trea surer. He and Gaptain Gray and myself got up what was known as the "new rifle movement," whioh met with so mnoh favour through the oountry, and a nioe time we had of it; bat it flourished like a banyan tree. Afterwards when the dear old gaapipe was ousted by the Martini-Henry, and the Defence Foroe, whioh the S.A.N.R.A. was inBtrn mental in forming, was established, the Enfielda were oalled in, and a terrible job I had, for some of them bad been used for kaugarooing, some for henroosts, and others as fowling-pieoes by men who no longer valued them beside the Martini. I remember there was a gush over 500 Martini-Henrys landed in 1877 from the Avooafor the use of the Volunteer Infantry Foroe. Now we want magazine rifles. The S.A.N.R.A. has a grand reoord, and is "keeping its end up." The present Defence Foroe ie the development of the Rifle Volunteer Foroe, whioh the South Australian National Rifle Assooiation practically origi nated, therefore the Militia, from the Colonel Commandant downwards, ought to feel grate ful to the old organization, whioh found them oooupation and honour. 