il MKiionm a DOCTOR'S STORY. (GOMtitlBMt.) Mwhattfa nd I, Mocnpuiei by the solioe-oonBtible and the eoronee'e men. fol- -1 iowea the bearers, of 4he ooffin to the mot- > ' 1 — 1 AS we vera going there, I turned to ask ' Xeoke&De; how his patient tree. He shook hie heed as ho answered me. ' i fear tbe worst," be repuea. " airs Heithooteis vary ill Indeed.' The fever rages lush and ifl tike a consuming: fire, iter tem pera tore wee e hundred and five this morn - "J should reoomjnend her in ehdSla gogd natetr/ijMwered. i Heehrnjjged his shoulders. ' Shook oi some sort," he answered. Then he continued ; "If ehe really knew oi this day's work, it would kill heir off pretty qniekly. 'Poor eoolju he added, "I hope ft nay nererreaoh 'her ears;" ' c. ' We had now reached the mortuary. The I men who had borne foe coffin on foeir foouldera lowered it on to & pair of tomtits. They then took tmnsorewfl bnt of their pockets, and in a business-like and nations n&sorewed; the lid. After \- doing foB foey left foe mortuary, closing foe door behind. moment we found ourselves alone, I aud a word to foe police constable, and then going quibkly up to tbe coffin, lifted the. lid. Under ordinar yWircumstances, Euch a pro- ceeding would be followed by appalling xesults, which heed hot here be described. Mackenzie, whose face was very white, 6tood near mb. I looked at him for a momeut, and then flung aside foe pall which was meant to conoealthe faoe of the dead. The dead truly? Here was death, which bad never, in any sense, known life like ours. Mackenzie uttered a loud exclamation. Tbe constable and the coroner's man came close. I lifted a bag of -floor oat of tbe coffin ! There were many similar bags there. It bad been closely packed, and evidently with a wiew to counterfeit foe exact weight of foe dead man. Poor Mackenzie was absolutely speechless. The oorouere man began to take copious notes; the polioe-cons table gravely did the same. Mackenzie at last found his tongue. 44 1 never felt more stunned in my life," he uud. 41 In very truth, 1 all but saw the man die. Where is lie 1 In the name of Heaven, what has become of him ? This is the most naonabons thing I have ever heard of iu tbe whole course of my life, ana— and I attended the funeral of those 4 flogs ot flour!' No wonder that woman never caret! to see me inside foe house again. Bat what .puzzles me,® he continued, 44 is the motive— what can foe motive be V Perhaps one of the insurance companies «an tell -us that," add the police- officer. "lt lamy duly to report this thine1, sir,' he con tinued, turning to me. 4<I have not the least doubt that the Crown will prosecute." cannot at all prevent your taking what etepsyou 'think proper," I replied, "only pray understand that the poor lady who is the principal perpetrator in this fraud lies at the present moment at death's door." 4We must get the man himself," mur mured the poliee officer. 4Ifhe is alive we flhall aoon find him." Half an hour later Mackenzie and I had left foe dismal cemetery. I had to hurry back to Harleyfltreet to attend to some important duties, but I arranged to meet Mackenzie that evening at ' the Heathcotes house. I need not say that my thoughts were much occupied -with Mrs Heathoote and her miserable story. What a life that wretohed Heathoote must have led during the last six months. No wonder be looked cadaverous as the moonlight fell over his gaunt figure. No ghost truly was he, but a man of like flesh and blood to ourselves— a man who was supposed to be buried inKeueal Green, bat who yet walked the earth. It was about eight o'clook when '1 reaohed . -flheJlsRihootoB® house. Mackenzie had al- xeady arrived— he oame into the hall to meet sue. 44 Where is Miss Gabrielle?" 1 asked at ttiee. " Poor child," he replied ; " I have begged cf her to stay in her room. She knows nothing of what took place this morning, but is inatorrible state of grief about her mother. That unfortunate woman's hours are num bered. She is Sinking fast. Will you oome to her at onoe, Halifax — she has asked for you several times." Accompanied by Mackenzie, I mounted foe stairs and . entered the sick room. Oqc glance at the patieht's face showed me all too plainly foat I was in the chamber of death. Mrs Heathoote lay perfectly motionless. Her bright hair, still the hair of quite a young woman, was flung back over foe pillow. Her pale face was wet with perspiration. Her eyes, solemn, dark, and awful in expression, turned and fixed themselves on me as I approached tbe bedside. Something like the ghost of a smile quivered round her lips. She made an effort to stretch out a shadowy hand so grasp mine. Don't stir," I said to her. 44 Perhaps you want to say something. I will stoop down to listen to you. I have very good bearing, so yon can speak as low &b; yoa please," £he smiled again with a sort of pleasure at my understanding her. 4' I have something to confess," she said, In a hollow whisper. "Bend the nurse and — aod Dr Mackenzie out of the room." X was obliged to explain foe dying woman's wishes to my brother physician. He called to the nurse to follow him, and they Immediately left the room. As soon as the/ had done so 1 bent my hftadjHid took one of Mrs Heath oote's hands , in mine. Kow," I said, take comfort. God can forgive sin. ''Yon have sinned P" Oh, yes, yes ; but how can you possibly know ?" c Never mind. I am a good judge of character. If telling me will relieve your conscience, speaks" u< My husband is alive," ehe murmured. - " Yes," I said, 4ll guessed as much.3' ' He had insured his life," ehe continued, for— for about fifteen tfinnmij pounds. The money was wanted to— to save us from dishonor. We managed to counterfeit — death." Bhe stopped, as if unable to proceed any farther. "A weekago," ehe continued, 4II — I saw foe man who is supnosed to be dead. He is xeallyjiying now. The strain of knowing that I could do nothing for him— nothing io comfort his lastmoments — waB too horrible.' X felt that I oould not live without him. Go ! ibe day of my illnww I took — poison, a pro- I \- paratioq of Indian hemp. I meant to Jolt myself. " I did not kcow ihat pay objeot would be effected in so terrible a manner.' Here she .looked tpw&rds; foe door. A £nat change camo over Her face. Her eyes shone with midden brightness. A look of \- awful joy filled tbem . She made a frantic effort to rjrise herself in bed. I followed the direction of her .eyes, and than, Indeed, a startled exclamation passed GaSrieDe, with her crimson, her lips szemploas, her -hair tossed wildly about her bead ead shwiWew; was advancing Into foe ' ivbnLleaatnga cadaverous, ghastly -looking' man by the diand. In other words, Heath- «ote himself In the flesh had come into Jus wife's dying chamber. "Ob, Horace!" ehe exclaimed; 14 Horace :g. . — to die in your arms — to know that you wtil v.. floon join me. This is too much bliss — thisis . too great jpyl", ' Themtokuritjbyher.puthis flyihg'arzbB' Dund b&i; tihd laid her bead on hie 'worn' Jbeaast.'' We frill leave foem together." I said to ' 4kJlWft1lf ; _ I took the poor little girl's hand andled her wfamfoeiooui. . Bhewisi Ina fimntio state cf excitement.. .. Dwddbewas notdead9"foerepeated— "i by my window j: aaw> him- in jfoer todebfWsiatoe ff wafl detexraihbd ' that he nul&thSs;'ade'. ' fo mm Hnpi was hot and fraalOra a AdetonV iiaod— only it kuaad witk Bring fire. < Mother is firing— eon to her at onoo,' I a&ifi; to him, end than I brengkt him into the hoaae." You did well — you acted rsry bravely," I re, liefi to her. I took her sway to a distant; part oi the houss. An hoar later, Mrs Hsathoote died. X irasnot with her when 'ehe breathed her last. MyioneobjMttioir was.fto <do Ivhat I oould for'poor little GabrieUe. In consequence, therefore, I made arrangements to have oni interview with Heathoote. It was no longer possible for tbe wretched man to remain in biding. His own hoots were plainly nmnbwed, and it was more thsn'erident that he had only antidpated his real death by some months. laaw himAho next day,.»nd he fold me in aifftr baei wprdi' the etory a his supposed dajgh and burial. , , (Sjambtittg ssvenelT punished now," he said, "for the one great sin of my life. I am a solicitor by profession, and when a yonng man was tempted to appropriate some troBt funds— hoping, like: many another had done before me, to replace the money before the loins was discovered. I married, and had a nappy uuoia. m-y wue nuu a ww uervmu/ attached to each other. I was not strong, and more than one pbysloian told me that Iw&B; threatened with a serious pulmonary affection. About eight months ago the bios whioh I never looked for fell. I need not enter into particulars. Suffice it to say that I was expected to deliver over L12,000, foe amount of certain trusts committed to me, to their rightful owners within throe months' time. If I failed to realise this money, im prisonment, dishonor, ruin, would be mine. My wife and 'child would also be reduced to beggary. " I had effected an insurance ou my life for fifteen thousand pounds. If this sum oould be realised, it would cover the deficit in the trust, and also leave a small overplus for the use of my wife and daughter. I knew that my days were practically numbered, and it did not strike mo as a particularly heinous crime to fore stall my death by a few months. I talked foe matter over with my wife, and at last got her to consent to help me. We managed everything cleverly, and not a soul suspected tbe fraud whioh was practised on tbe world. Our old servants who had lived with us for years, were eent away on a holiday. We had no servant in the house except a charwoman, who came in for & certain number of hours daily." 44 You managed your supposed dying condition with great skill," I answered. 44 That hemorrhage, the ghastly expression of your faoe, were suiii-iently real to deceive even a keen and clever uiau like Maokenzie." Heatbcote emiied grimly. 44 Afier all," he said, "the fraud was eimple enough. I tookan emetic, whioh I knew would produce foe cadaverous hue of approaching death, aud the supposed hamorrhace was managed with some bullo-:k'e blood. I got it from a distaut butcher, telline him that I wanted it to mix with meal to i ued my dogs with." 44 Aud how did you deceive foe under taker's men ?" I asked. 44 My wife insisted on keeping my face covered, and I managed to simulate rigidity. As to the neoessary coldness, I was oold enough lying with only & sheet over me. After I waa placed in the coffin mv wife would not allow anyone to enter the room but herself ; she brought me food, of course. We bored holes, too, in the coffin lid. Still, I shall never forget the awful five minutes during which I was screwed down. 44 It was ail managed withgreatexpedition. As soon as ever the undertaker's men could be got out of the way, my wife unnorewed the coffin aud released me. We then tilled it with bass of flour, which we Lad already secured and hidden for the purpose My supposed funeral took place with due honors. I left the house that niifot, intending to ship to America. Had 1 done thi«, the Hppalliug consequences which have now ended in the death of iny wife might uever have taken place, but at the eleventh hour, my courage failed me. I could do much to shield my wile and child, but I could not eudure the thought of never seeing them again. Con trary to all my wife's entreaties, 1 insisted on coining into the garden, for the selfish pleasure of <-"ohinp- even a glimpse of Gab- rielle's tittle figure, as she moved aV,ut ber bedroom. She saw me onoe, but 1 escaped through the shrubbery and by a door which we kept on purpose unlooked, before ebe reached ma. I thought I would never again transgress, but once more the temptation aseailed me, aud I was not proof against it. My health failed rapidly. I was really dying, and on the morning when my wife's illness began, had suffered from a genuine and very sharp attaok of hemorrhage. She found me in the wretohed lodging where 1 was hiding in a state of complete misery, aud almost destitution. .Something in my appearance seemed suddenly to make her lose all self-control. 41 Horace, she exclaimed, 4 1 cannot stand this. When you die, 1 will die. We will , carry our shame and our sorrow and our unhappy lave into the grave, where no man can follow us. When you die, I will die. Gh to see you like this drives me mad !' 44 She left me. Khe told me wheu 1 saw her during those last few moments yesterday, that she had hastened her end by a powerful dose of Indian hemp. That is the story. I know that I have laid myself open to criminal pro secution of tbe gravest character, but L do not think I shall live to go through it." Hestboote was right. He passed away that evening quite quietly in his sleep. Poor little Gabrielle ! I saw her once since her parents' death, but it is now a couple of years since I have heard anything about her. Will she ever get over the severe shock to which she wae subjected ? What doee the future hold iu store for her ? I can not answer these questions. Time alone can do that. — ' strand Magazine. 