THE SWORD OF FATE. BY HENRY HERMAN. CHAPTER XIL Huncoat wan not the kind of man to allow tho grata, to grow undor hit feet. It might have puzzled an even threwder man than Frank Utselliy to know how the Plymouth auctioneers had received such early and peremptory order. Asa matter of faot, th. notloe had been made out nnd sont to Hunooat from London some days before th Judge in Lunacy delivered Ills judg ment, and Huncoat bad lent it to Plymouth on tho receipt of a cypher telegram that Mark had boon appointed. Frank's London solicitors probably thought that bad nows travelled fast enough, and had not hurried themselv.i to inform their client that he was about to bo dung from hi. father's estat. pennilosi and nameless. Th.y had waited until the day after the decision of ths court had besn glv.n, to writs their formal latter, and thus Frank was still without offioial intimation of his last misfortune. Two gentlemen woro closeted with Mr. Daniel Huncoat at his oflica at the Great Griffin' mine. One of them was Mark, the other was a portly man with, a round, pug nosed faoo, on every line of whioli the oil of bsnerolenoe seemed to eroam as luxuriantly as the po matum and brilliantine with which his scanty hair was saturated. Tlio hair was a study in itself. It was a rebellious hair, straight and springy like horsehair, and of an indefinite color, which swayed doubtfully between the hues of yellow olay and Thame, mud. In spite of the confining bends c£ ccznaciic and greases, it very often sot it. owner at defiance, and when tho portly gentioinan b.eamo voluminous in his eioquoncp, as .often happened, the front part would start straight up and peremptorily refuse to lie in smooth harmony with the rest of its kin. The portly gentleman was smoothly shaven on his large drooping upper lip, but a broad heard of a hue and substance similar to his hair surrounded his face and gave him tha appear ance of looking out of au slastio frams. Ho wore massive gold speotsoloa, through whioli his small gray eyos blinked continuously. His dress was of the most sober and most respec- table. The best of black hioadoloth frock coats, blaok broadcloth trousers, black satin waistcoat, displaying a vast area of unblemished shirt front. Spotless, snowy, high standing collar, a shining blaok satin utook of ths old fnshionsd kind, massive gold fob seals and a great signet ring, eomplstsd an appearance which was caiculat.il to inspire confidence in th. hearts of tho most sceptic. Thero were few men who at first sight wero not inclinsd to Iruxt Mr. Jamss Macintosh im plicitly ; but thero were fewer who having so trusted him did not regret it. He was not of the' olass who turn up their eyes and pretend to be models of piety and righteousness. He knew the woild and the world's ways at this end of tho nineteenth oentury far too well, for that. That gams was played out, be used to say. He affected a bonhomie of the real fin-dc-silcle kind. He admitted that ho was an habitual frequenter of theatres, that ho approved of the nude at the Academy, and even went so far as to confess that ho enjoyed a rollicking musio hall song, and did not mind a game of billiards on a Sunday. "Make yourself out to b. just a little bit shady," he said to his confidantes, "and people will think you devilishly honest for admitting so muoh; but pretend to ho virtuous and all that nousonso, and they will suspect you on the spot." And knowing the world as he did, Mr. James Macintosh was right. The trio was sitting round a big writing table in Huncoat's offioe; Mark drumming upon the -woodwork with his fingers as usual in his impati.noe, and Hunooat reading some three or four documents which Maeintosh had brought him. One of tha papsri had an especial interest to him, and had been wrung from the struggling Mark by the ounning solicitor htforo he pro ceeded with the ease. It appointed Mr. Daniel Huncoat manager for Mr. Mark Usselby as be had been for Mr. Ralph Usselby, but at a very considerably higher salary, and for a period whiah Mark had not the power to determine. In addition to these advantages it gave Hunooat suoh ample powers as to nearly make him the mastor of th. Usselby .state. Mark had kick.d and fought against signing this document, but as Mr. Maeintosh said, " it was either taking or leaving it Mr. Hunooat finds the means for making this application, and Mr. Hunooat must have an equivalent for his services and his risk," and Mark, seeing no way out of it, had acquiesced. Another document was an agreement signed hy Mark for the sals to a Mr. Abel Bawliuder of the land on which the old Rosemary mino stood, and of the mine itself, nnd all tho minerals it contained for the sum of £500. Mr. Absl Bawlinder was Mr. James Macin tosh's shark. He was a solicitor, and had boon lucky enough, in spite of-sailing very olose to the wind, to keep his name on tho rolls. "When ever there was -work to bt done which Mr. Maeintosh thought too dirty even for his unolenn hands, Mr. Ahol Bawlinder did it for a vory small consideration. One roason that weighed very heavily with Mark in tiie signing of til. agreement : he was to be paid the purohaso money of the old Rosemary mine, minus Mr. James Macintosh's legal expanses, at once, and as a matter of faot he had signed the agreement fully three or four days before he was appointed trustee of th. estate. 11b lmd to learn from Mr. Macintosh the truth of tho old adage that promise, are made to he broken. Not a penny did Mr. Maoiritosh disgorge before the case was dccidod, and thsn lie handed Mark a hill of costs nnd expens.s amounting to two hundred nnd seventy pounds, together with his promissory note at three months for two hundred and thirty pounds. Mark had remonstrated- furiously, but had never for a moment ruffled Mr. Macintosh's oily seronity of temper. "The final conveyance won't be executed for three months, and nobody can say whethor or nay before the end of tboBe throe months you may not be d.ad, Mr. Uss.lby, or another trustee appointed in your place." But these contingencies wore so dreadful to contemplate that they had the effect of oil upon the troubled waterB of Mr. Mark's mind, and in the ond Mr. Maointosh oonaouted to discount his own promissory nolo, and to hand to tho wrath ful Mark his cheque for one hundred and seventy pounds. Mark had immediately Invested one hundred and fifty pounds of that sum sb a cover for the purohase of one hundred and fifty shares in the Juanita gold mine, about the prospeots of which a friend had given him secret information. It may therefore bo surmised that tho docu ments before him proved pleasant reading to the miniug agent. When lis had perused them to their finish he laid them on the table with a sharp tap. "That's very good, Mr. Usselby," he said, "and I trust that henceforth my relations with you will be as pleasant bb they have bean with your brother and his son." Mark resented Hunaoat's patronising air, but he knew full well that ho had signed a docu ment whioli to n large extent placed his fortunes in Huncoat's keeping. " My turn will oome," be said to himself, " all in good time." "Have you deoided what you are going to do about Mrs. Usselby and Frank 7" asked Hun coat. ' Mark turned away coldly and looked through the window at the blue sky and the green tree tops outside. "I know no such persons," he said, with a shrug of the shoulder. / Hunooat went to the door, looked out jnto the next room, and steing that a - half dozen elerks were busily occupied writing and figuring, ho carefully left tho doorwide open and raturnad to his seat. The convereation bad, ero this, been earrisdon in whispers nearly, but now Hunooat was fired with the spirit of Christian charity, correspond ingly hold in the defence of the weak and op pressed hy misfortune. His voice was round and sonorous, and if he bad opened the window, it might havo been heard for hundreds of .yards outside. "I am fully awaro, Mr. Mark Usselby," he said, and the elerks in th. n.xt room pricked iip their ear. and laid down their pens, " that the law, the hard stony law, does not acknow ledge Mrs. Usselby or Mr. Frank. Th. law has «ven gone so far as to place them at your absolute mercy. But surely — " and here his voice rang out like a bell, and caused a small crowd of workmen to assemble out side— "surely, Mr. Mark Usselby, you will not havo the heart to drive that stricken woman whom your brother loved and mads his wifo from the house which ie her only home ; yon will not telj your brother'e only eon tlist ha liae to make a now etart in life without a penny to help him on the road ?" Mr. Mark was ounning enough to know that all tide oratorical dleplay was made to somo gallery, and he ehrewdly suspected that the gallery consisted of the clerks in tho next room. But he had come to Devonshire with the fixed determination to giro tit for tat according to his own view of his and his brother's case. As he had been left with £3 a week, so ehould his brother'! wife and son bs left, and a thousand elerks would not have moved him an inch from that purpose. "Mr. Hunooat," he said, in a very quiet tone of voice, " I am not going to aot harshly in any way towards the good lady who calls hersolf, but is not, Mm. Usaclby, nor towards the estimable young man who calls himself, but is not, Mr. Frank Usselby, Although they have no olaiin whatever upon the estate — and you know that the oourfc appointed mo trustee on purpose to provont the estate from being wasted by those people, I will treat them exaetly as my brother treated me. In tills I sursly could have no more relinblo precedent. I will allow the good lady and her son the sum of three pounds weekly out of the ostate — that Is to say, if they give mo no trouble what ever." Hunooat rose. He stepped to the window, and saw that the little arowd below had inereaeod. The man returning to the mine from their midday meals had heard that a new master had come from London, and they were standing about in little groups, all of them with their faoes towards tho office window. Hunooat, protesting that it was very warm, opened that window and returned to the table. " I appeal to you, Mr. Mark Usselby," he said, In his most resonant tones, " I appeal to you in the name of charity not to put your own case on a level with that of this unfortunate lady and of Mr. Frank. Leave them in their home, where they have dwelt so many years. Surely there la room enough at the Grange for you and them both, and the estate is rich enough amply to keep you and them both. Do not add to their terrors. Your brother, I know, would protest against your aetion were ho able to laias his voice." Another man had arrived upon the scene and had quietly entered the room. In justice to Huncoat it may be said that he had not noticed the new comer — Mr. Frank Usselby. Seeing his nephew, Mark rose in a feverish trepidation. Frank stepped past him, entirely ignoring his unole's presenoe. - Ho walked up to ' tbe agent and silently gripped his hand. "Thank you, Huncoat; for my mother and myself I thank you heartily. But neither I nor my mother would tako a penny through the charity of that creature. We would rather walk about the street! and bog for our bread." His faoe was white as the wall of the room as he turned towards his unole. " Tbo law has givsn you the power to us my father's property. Be oareful how you use It ; for as sure as there is a God above us the time will oome whan you will have to account for every penny of it, and the morcy you show ua now will be shown to you then. If you spend a penny in a way whiah the law does not approve, we will deal with yon as you are dealing with us now." Ho approaohed more elosely and hissed hie wojiJb into his frightened relative's ears. "My father is not dead," he said, "and one dey he will reeover his roason, and then his innocenae will be proved. And when that day of reckoning comes, Mark Usselby, beware !" A volley of ohaers, such as only an English crowd can give, greeted him when he appeared below. - : " What a very rude young man," said Mark, " I shall have to remember this. One thing is certain — they shan't have tho £3 a week." CHAPTEIt XIII. Mark Uaselby was installed at Usselby Grange. The law had handed over to his meroies the fortunes of his brother's family and his brother's property. Frank, with his blood boiling, had asked for but forty-eight hours to make his preparations, and at the en J of thnt time had taken temporary lodgings for himsalf and his dear ones at the Throe Jolly Boatmen Inn. Mrs. Usselby, who was still ailing, had firmly detsrmined to take up her residence in ths vil lage of Crowthorno, to be as near as possible to her kuebind, but, of course, many arrangement bad to be made before she could journey to Berkshire. Frank saw no way out of his difficulty but to go to London, or at least to one of tho big towns, for the purpose of starting a new career. He was clever with his pen, and had contributed articles on political subjects to newspnpers, and essays to magazines and reviews, and, wonder ful to say, he had been paid for some of these. Besides that, hs was expert in chemistry. He was undeoided which of these vocations to take up for a livelihood. Greo bad an eunt living at Tavistock and could easily find a home there if she wanted ono. She would have been eagor to follow Mre. Usselby to Berkshire, but an iustinctivo fooling which was not to he denied prompted her that she ought to remain in the neighborhood of the supposed orime. If ever relief was to come; if over a gleam was to break tho darkness, the light of hope would have to be kindled in tha vicinity of the Old Rosemary. Thus driven this way and that, and keeping her own counsel with an aching heart, Grace as yet had come to no decision. When Mark walked into Usselby Grange it was like a bouse of the dead. If a thousand hopas had been blasted thore, if a hundred hearts had lain buried there, if lives-without number had been wrecked there, it oould not have been more silent or gloomy, in spite of the bright autumn morning sun which atroamed about tha plaoo and rippled and danocd upon the window pane. The shuttera were all olosed ; the ourtains drawn. With one aoeord every servant, from tbe housokeeper to the lest boy of all work, had left the plaoe. Frank had explained to them the position in which lie and his mother were plnced, and had offered them two months' wages iu lieu of notice. Many of tho servants had been at Usselby Grange for a dozen or a aooro of years ; some had boon born there. With blanohcd faces and tlioir eyes streaming with tears, they had one and all refused to take a penny, and offored their ser vices as long as ever thoy might be wanted with out remuneration. "We will follow you and mistreBs to the ond of the world, if we have to starve on the road," said one of the old retainers, "Don't talk of paying us. " Frank suggested that no doubt tho new master of Usselby would be glad to keep some of them. He could not live in the placo without ervante, and it was known that be had none. The kitchen and garden would require attention even if the house were nogleoted. But they all vowed that thoy would rather break atones in the road than work for tho usurper. Thoy would stay with their dear master and mistress, or seek their fortunes eiscwliers. But, alas, but two could be kept— Grace's maid— for Grace had small means of her own, aud was able to afford a servant — nnd a maid for Mrs. Usselby ; and tho heart , brokan depen dents' waited to see thoir mistress and master leave their former home in a hired carriage, and an hour afterwards they all walked out of the plaee, taking overy oroature, from a dog to a hedgehog end a canary, with them. Tho horses had previously been sent to the Great Griffin stahlss. Mark was mastor of Usselby Grange, but all tho country round resented his intrusion as a shameful crime. Ho was nearly lynched when ono afternoon ho left the Griffin Mine offices without hie agent's protecting eompany, and wherever ho went he saw nothing but scowling faoos and threatening looks. He heard himself sailed a " Jan Vag- f - gua " and a "long cripple," and not understand- ' Ing it to be tbe Devonshire for "robber" and " viper " was not fully aware of the embittered feeling which was abroad against him until half a score of handsful of mud and stones flung at him warned him of what ho bad to expect in the future. It was only Huncoat's peremptory Influence which had enabled him to find the single servant, half deaf old Dan, who for the time being waited upon him. . " Nobody will steal anything out of the place," Huncoat had (aid, and one servant was all that he sent. In the first exultation over his new fortune, Mnrk had treated Nellie ae he had alwaye done, with selfishness and henrtlessness. "Shall I come with you?" tho girl had sug gested timidly ; and ho had replied with a gruff "What for?" "I thought I might be of some use to you down there," Nellie had said; and he had re torted almost brutally, " Of what use can you ho? I'll ssnd for you when I want you." Nellie had bitten her lips and been silent, and she was then in London still slaving from morning till night in that tbeatro wardrobe room. Now ho wished with all bis heart that he had brought her with him. She was neater in her waye and cooked bettor than Dan. fill# always had a smile on her face, and he had seen so few poopla smile lately. Not that ho had the slightest wish that people about him ehould be happy, but somehow or other Dau was always gruntiug and growling. He dared not go outeido the gates. The Devon shire country folk are slow and stolid, and not easily sroused to do unlawful nets, but Marl: bore on his bead and baok tho still painful wounds mads by the stones whioh had been flung at him, and .he knew full well that if he ventured abroad without Huncoat's protection he would meet with but little mercy at the hands of the enraged miners whom he himself employed. The whole country side was seeth ing with indignation about the way in which Ralph's family had been treated, and Huncoat's loudly expressed sympathy with his formor employers kept the excitement at a boiling point. ' If ever a man was miserable amid the glories of a great house, and with many of the signs of wealth and comfort surrounding him, that parson was Mark. He had ordored all his letters to be addressed to th office of the Great Griffin mine, thinking that they would be safer, and that he would got them more quickly; and Hunooat religiously detained them one and all. " Let him stew there in his worries for a few days," the mining agent had said to himself. " It will tske muoh of the conceit out of him, and give him a proper sense of his own humble ness." Mark had asked Dsn, the half deaf old man- of- all-work, to get him the liowspaperi ; and Dan had brought him tbe Plymouth Mercury, dated four months back. Upon this, Mark had flown into a temper, and had called the old man an sea. " If thee goost agging I, I'll go home along," said the old man, and went to tbe kitchen to fetch hii coat ; whereupon Mark, being dread fully afraid of being left alone, protestad that he did not mean what he had said. " Well,'.' said Dan, "but doant thee bullyrag I more. I doant like no bobberies nor no glumpy folk;" and Mark had to make up his mind to be very civil indeed. Ho would walk about tbe deserted rooms liko a ghost in search of a dead secret. He stood looking at his brother's portrait, aud a creopy, uncanny sensation came over him, and he thought Ralph looked at him threateningly from the canvas, and that the eyes followed him ; and ho retreated from tbe room. He barely dared to enter the bed-chamber, with its great oaken four-poster, and the big braes fire- dogs. Solid, inert things seemed to him to move toward) him, and he would shake his head and pretend to laugh at hie folly. > Then he would stroll out on to the lavn, now unrolled and uncut, and into the garden, where the (lowers' already drooped for want of water and attention. But oven God's lovely sunshine Beamed cheerless to him, and he would return and walk into the big kitchen — anything, any. thing for a' change. There, Dan, solitary in his glory of place, appeared to glare at him, and he would leavo the plaoe comfortless and un- comforted. If tho dayB were dreadful tho nights were awful to the now lord of Unolby Grange, He tried three slooping rooms in succession, and in all of them he felt as if he were not alone. Ho would start up from an unrefreehing slocp and feel himself shivering. Hs would imagine he saw shadowy figures crawl about tho place, and on more than one occasion he even thought he could feel impalpable icy fingers touohing his flesh. Than ho would jump up with his teeth chattering and dress himself and walk about, making a sickly attempt all tbe whilo to laugh at his fearB and call lilmsolf a fool. For hours he would sit on his bed on his haunohes, and stare at the sky outside until it turned from Bteel to silver and from silver to gold. When the first stresks of morning edged the low lying olonds with lines of fire ho would brcatho more freely, and thank his stars that another night was over. Eaeli bright, balmy day, brought new worry. He was shut off from tho world. Huncoat did not oome near him, although he had sent repeated messages to him. "Iam extremely busy," was the mining agent's reply, " and shall be for a few dayB. Yon aro surely very comfortable at the Grange, and I will come to you th moment this imme diate pressure is over." "For heaven's sake send mo another servant, and send me a London paper,". Mark had written, and the mining agent, rolenting a little, had sent a lad. The boy brought with him ths latest Loudon paper, and Mark pounced upon it as a hawk might rush upou a dors, and earried it to the morning room. On the first day aftor hia arrival in Devon shire, Mark had already learned from the Stock Exchange reports in th papers that his invest ment in the Juanita Mine bad been profitable The £10 shares which, when he staked hie monoy, were quoted at £1 5s., bad risan undera audden and surprising inflation, and they were then already, quoted at five and a half. "They'll go up still higher ; they'll go above par," Mark had said to himself. " I won't sell yet ; no, not yet," and ho had waited as on pins for nows concerning his venture. He turned quickly to the columns giving the information about money and stoaks, and hardly believed hia eyes when he saw Juanitss quoted at twelve and a half. " I'll sell now," he said. " That will be be tween fifteen ond sixteen hundred pounds I hall have to take. And that's my own, anil not Ralph's ; and I can do with it what I like." Ho had kept a telegram form in his pocket, and now wroto a message to bis brokers : — " Sell my Juanitas and remit amount to my account, Old Bank, Tavistook." This he gave to tho boy to take to tho railway station, and he breathed a little more freely when lie had despatohed tho order. "I am going to he lucky," ho said to himself, " very luoky ; I know I shall. I am going to keep five hundred of that fifteen hundred for emergencies, aud with the thousand I'll buy Argentines. I know I shall make a oouple of thousand out of them in a few days, and then I'll go in for American railways. I know a triok worth two about them, nnd one. can make a lot of money out of them ; and my two thousand will beoome fivo, and then tan, and then, fifty, and then a hundred ; and who knows, I may be a millionaire before the end of the yoar." At that moment his eyo again fell upon the paper on tho table, and he took it up. The first paragraph which attracted his gaze was headed, "Heavy Failure," and ran, "Messrs. Smiggs and Co., stock and shore dealers, havo suspended payment. Liabilities are estimated at £434,530, tho assets £2480 Mr. James Hiram Smiggs, the principal partner, has left London, and his whereabouts are unknown." The paper dropped from Mark's trembling hand, and lie sat open mouthed and with staring eyes, liko a stone statue. Suddenly ho jumped up. "The thieves ! the robbers !" he cried. " My fifteen hundred pounds ! I want my fifteen hun dred pounds. I'll go, to London; I'll make tham pay me ; they shan't cheat me." Hia hands clutched his sparse hair' and dragged at it, and fully a quarter of an hour elapsed before even partial equanimity came to liirn ngain. The sun was standing high on the horizon, . and tho shadows seemed to him to be blacker than ever he had seen them. He looked out upon the groon sward, as if beneath ths sod his lost gold were buried. Even as he sat there a nrwfear shot into his1' mind. He had looked upon, the .state and all . the moneys coming from it as his own, to deal with as ho chose. A just providence bad avenged bis wrongs, and he had, h. thought, very properly stopped into liis brother's place. But now hs trembled as a sudden terror sprang upon hi'm. He had paid much heed to Frank's words, "Be careful how you use it, for as sure as there is a God abovo the time will come when you will have to account for every part of it." Now hs remembered them in all thoir weight of threats, and ho shivered as he remembered them. It flashed upon him on a sudden, that aftor' all he might he called upon to give an acoount. Ho had staked his money a hundred times, and had lost it a hundred timos, and had never thought himself unlucky, hut always the victim of treacherous combinations of rogues — high placed rogues ; but now, as he looked about him in hia loneliness, hs felt the oppressive silence weigh upon him us a token of ill fortune. Not a soul to say a word of comfort, not a friendly lip to speak a word of cheer, y It seemed to him as if all luok and happiness had departed from the Grange, and had left the plaqe bleak, and chill and gloomy. He had always deemed Nellie an encum brance, her goodness and self sacrifice notwith standing, Imt nnw h inngsd for her, and for the first time in his useless life he bethought himself of tho many kindnesses ho had received at her bands, and tho thousands of attentive and unobtrusive servioes she had showered upon"- him. But the spirit of self was too atrong, even at that moment. It was his right, after all, to be waited upon by his daughter, and sho should come and wait upon him again. "While the new master of Usselby Grange sat shaking and soowling at himself on ths terrace, an old countryman passed tho gate, and stood still there. No sign of the lodgskseper, who used to nod at psople as thay went by. No moke curling from any of the chimneys. Tha weeds of grass already springing up on ths gravel walk. Not even a dog roaming about. The old man wandorsd on, some twonty or thirty yards up tbe walk, and then turned baok orrowfully. " I o'ant go in," he said to himsalf. " Thar bo a curse ou tho playce now. I he a poor maan, but I oodu't ohango wi' he in thero vor to be given tha Grange an' mines an' all." ( To be continued. I 