AN INTIMATION FROM THE UNSEEN WORLD. Lord Brougham, in his Life and Times, written by himself, gives the following story : " A most remarkable thing happened to mo — so remarkable that I must tell the story from the beginning. After I left the High School (in Edinburgh, I went with G , my most intimate friend, to attend the classes in tho University. There waB no divinity class, but we frequently in our walks discussed and speculated upon many grave subjects, among others on the immor- tnlity of the soul und on a future state. This question and the possibility, I will not say of ghosts walking, but of the dead appearing to the living, were subjects of much speculation, and we actually com mitted the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our own blood, to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solvo any doubt wo had entertained of the ' life after death.' After we had finished our elasses at the college, G— — went to India, having got an appointment there in the Oivil Service. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him, Moreover, his family having little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them or of him through them, so that all the old school-boy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly forgotten hiB existence. I had taken a warm bath, and while in it and onjoying the comfort of the heat after the late freezing 1 had undergone, I moved my head round towards the chair on which 1 had deposited my clothes, as I was about to got out of my bath. On tho chair sat G , looking calmly at mo. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawl ing on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was,- that had taken the likeness of G , had disappeared. Tho vision produced such a shock that 1 had no inclination to talk about it, or to speak about it, even to Stuart. But the impression made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I nffected by it that I have here written down the whole history, with tho date (19th December) and all the particulars as they are now freBh to me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the appearance presented so distinctly to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment doubt. For years I had had no communication with G , nor had there been nnything to recall him to my recollection, Nolhing had taken place during our Swedish tiavols either connected with G or any member of his family, I recollected quickly enough our old discussion and the bargain wo had made. I could not discharge from my mind tho impression that G must hare died, and that his appear ance to mo was to bo received hy mo aB a proof of a futuro estate. This incident happened on December 19th, 1799. In October, 18G2, Lord Brougham added as a postscript : ' I have just been copying out from iny journal tho account of the strange dream, 'ccrtissima mortis imago,' and now to finish the story begun about sixty yearB since. Soon after my return to Edinburgh, thcro arrived a letter from India announcing G 's (loath, and stating tlmt ho had died on tho 19th December." 