MOUNT ERICA WESLEYAN CHURCH ANNIVERSARY. ? ♦ ? The anniversary of the above church was held on Sunday and Tuesday last. On 8unday the Rev. C- H. Ingamells preached in the morning, aud the Kev. H. Greeenwood in the evening. In the afternoon the Service of Song1 'Farmer Holroyd's Harvest Supper,' was repeated, tbe connective readings being given by the Rev. H. Greenwood. The usual tea was held in the school room on Tuesday, and there was a moderate attendance. The tables were very attractive and the edibles of the best, and the following ladies presided ; Mesdames Patterson, Lurnley, McClell and and Miss Bully. The public meet ing held in the church was presided over by the President ol the Conference, Eev. S. T. Withington (Super of the Prahran Circuit). Mr. Abrahams read the report and balance sheet, and the figures showed a fairly satisfactory Btate of things. The Chairman esid he thought on the whole, perhaps, considering the bad times, they had done about as satisfac torily as could be expected. It was satisfactory to know that they had met theii- liabilities excepting the loan and jubilee fund. He hoped during the next year some effort would be made to pay back the instalments due to these funds, for, unless they did, they would be keeping some poor place that wanted help, without assistance. This anniversary was not only the closing of one year, but it was the com mencement of another year. They were commencing another year of Church life, and he hoped it was going to be a very prosperous year in ^very way. He did not know why it should not. The prosperity of any church depended on every individual member, and not upon the minister, for the Archangel Gabriel might be the minis ter and it wouIJ be possible for the members of the churcb to frustrate all his efforts aai make them nail and void. The church was not a place where people came to enjoy themselves and have a good time, where they could hear a good sermon and good singing, and go away in a good frame of mind. That was a false idea of the church. The church wae a centre from which they work ; it was not a centre to which we go, but a centre from which we go. It was a centre at which they could be so organised that they could work effectually. It ought to be alive with energy, touching and influencing all around with its spiritual magnetism, and they would be blessed and God wonld prosper the work of their hands. (Cheers) The Roy. J. de Q. Bobin said that was the first public meeting at which their respected Chairman had presided since his elevation to the highest honor that their Church, could bestow, and h8 was only speaking the voice of the Mt. Erica Church when he con gratulated him upon the position he had attained to. (Cheers.) He gave a very interesting address, and tjok occasion to congratulate, on behalf of tbe Church the President, upon the honor that had been conferred on him. Eev. A. E. Edgar first referred to the 90th Anniversary of General Ueal Dow, the father of prohibition, and said he had just come from a grand meeting they had been holding in the city to celebrate that event. With reference to their own Church, he said he was a convert of more than 20 years ago, lo the Rev. Watsford's idea, that wherever there were any Godless people, it was their dutj as Methodists to go. There were two classes of people with which they had to deal. There were those who thought it their duty to get into Conventions and holi ness meetings, and pray that the Holy Ghost might fall, bat who in so far as activity in the Church was concerned, adopted a laissez faire policy, and somehow or other the Holy Ghost was not falling upon the people, for admit tedly the people were drifting further and further away. Then there were on the other hand people who resisted the power of prayer, and said they must be up and at it. Now, he believed they were about equally wrong, for what they wanted was prayer and faith com bining their efforts. He spoke of the marvellous influence of the early Methodists, and urged his hearers to get back to some of the power they had. At all the Berricrs special music was rendered by the choir, assisted by the orchestra, under the baton of Mr. Abrahams, aud the various selections were thoroughly well given. Mrs. Douglas sang '« He wipes the tear from every Eye,' and Mrs. Heath sang 'The Sabbath Bells are Tolling,' with piano and flute accompaniment, and it was given in a very pleasant style indeed. Tne collections altogether amounted in the aggregate fo more than last year, the Tuesday evening's collection realis ing £11 2s. 7d. On the motion of Mr. Heath, seconded by Mr Bayson, a comprehensive Tote of thanks was carried to all who had assisted in making the Anniversary such a success and the 'Doxology' closed a Tery pleasant meeting. We ought to add that the Bev. H. Moore, the Minister of the Church, is seriously ill, and was unable to be present, and the meeting expressed its deep sympathy with him, and the hope that he would speedily be restored to itealtb. 