C r u m b * , Bijou. Theatre. Warmer. Sociology. Cyclorama. Robert Burns. Silver, 2s. 3£d. Bookies in for it. Sucoess to cyanide. " The simple gospel." Amputation of salaries. Has summer returned ? Unsettled weather soon. A serious blow—a oyolone. Cyanide battery working well. A beer dividend of 7 per oent. Youth John Martin captured. Fisks at the Semaphore to night. Dr. Paterson on a month's leave. Playford, Coles, Gordon, or Hera. Barometer at 1 o'olock to-day 29*95. Dr. Paterson at Brighton recuperating. Good only when used dp—an umbrella. Misi Ada Crossley presented with £300. " Our boys' full of camp reminisoences. Wholesale tying up of monetary arteries. The maiden speech that pleases—'* Yes." The Agent-Generalehip oan be no sineoure. Eager rushes from one gold field to another. The election ball will be opened next week. Concert and dance 1st Regiment on April 10. Demand for oheaper intercolonial telegrams. Hugh Fraser will be in his element to-nirht. Death from fish poisoning at Mount Gambier. Frozen meat trade "caught on" ia Victoria. Pyap Reach and Kingston started with 510 souls. S. A. Brewing Company shaking hands with itself. Boys' 'Field Camp voted the best of the series, Tbe village settlements have the worst times ahead. Miners generally drink their whisky bj quartz. Queer things said in the name of Christian Sociology. Old Parkes deriding Protection ia Western Australia. Mr. D*y Thompson is very bard on the preachers. Viotoria providing freezing works ia Pert Melbourne. Twenty-one deaths ia the Civil Servioe ii nine months. Ligatures applied to Government audioes' purse-strings. An interesting programme for the Young Men's Sunday. Is the single tax to be also known as " the simple gospel?" " If Baal be God, serve bim; if Jehovah, then serve him." Quite a host of ministers will talk to young men on Sunday. La Bengula appears to have been loyal to hia white friends. Men speak of what they know; women of what pleases them. A ninbt wi' Robbie Burns, Professor S'naitp, and Hughie Fraeer. Rev. J. Day Thompson down on the Baal of " proprietorship." It is to woman that the heart appeals when it wants consolation. A nicht wi' Rob, the Ranter-oor ain Hughie to dae a' the blawing. The W.C.T.U. are holding their triennial Convention in Sydney. If you want to know what a sliding scale is, try to handle a wet fish. Melbourne Evening Standard to plank down £200 and costs for libel. How our big Tom would win admiration in a London drawing-room. Oan all the shareholders in Srewing Companies be styled brewers? Misses Green and Nesbit engaged as evangelists by the Wngleyans. Playford would make a good Agent-General —more useful than ornamental. Fathers whose only resources are daughters should husband their resources. Alloway's auld haunted Kirk and the Brig o' Doon and the auld mare Meg. Tbe nugget-hunting business is a game in wbioh tbe prizes fall to very few. If any boat oan shoot the rapids snooess* fully, we think it is the gunboat. No mistaking the uncompromising hatred of Englishmen towards Anarchists. Adelaideans have also shown their regard for tbe Victorian contralto, Ada Crossley. Sun rose at 6.12 a.m. ; sets at 5.68 p.m. Moon set at 2.17 p-m.: rises at 11.68 p.m. Mr. H. W. Mills is giving capital descriptions of the Western Australian goldfields. A fisherman cannot expect to catch everything. He must draw the line somewhere. Hard to conceive that Germany would ever hare united with France to orush England. First she would and then she wouldn't. How mad that Wellington bridegroom must be. Piayford'e experience with loans would be of value to the oolony were he appointed Agent- General. Does the Rev. J. Day Thompson wish to create a prejudice against the Rev. Joseph Cook's mission ? Fashionable ladies are not fond of hard work, and yet they know what a toilet is to dress for dinner. In spite of the " unparalleled depression'' the S.A. Brewing Company is in a most prosperous condition. And who is Burns? Ye puirdaft qretur, dinna ye ken oor poet of whom Hughie Fraser lectures tbe nioht ? Ma conscienoe ! Democracy, religion, and sociology to some people appear to mean the same thing. Perhaps the correct term is not yet invented. Mr. Lockley's lecture on tbe " Battle of Waterloo" is still ac graphic and instructive as the war scene is 'jeautiful and interesting. Severe operations performed on Chief Medical Officers thrjugbont the colony. Their oirculatory systems considerably affected thereby. " The so- oalled evangelical preacher did not preaoh the theology of the Bible." The Primitives' President is very rough on his own people, surely. The success of the " Battle of Waterloo" remains unabated. There was a crowded atben janoe last night—its first anniversary ia Hiudley-street. The gentleman who impersonates the ghost at the Cyclorama must be an old soldier. It is very cleverly done. An intelligent girl last evening asked her mother if it waa a "live ghost." It is safer to allow a boy to ait over a pool charged with deadly microbes than steep his imagination in these penny dreadfuls that are to be found on every second-rate book stall.— Blaekie. A good book is the precious life blood of an immortal spirit. A bad book is a poison more deadly than any ever distilled from mandragora or carried under the fangs of an adder.— Milton. Public servants recognise that it is better for the servioe that vacancies created by death should, when possible, remain unfilled, than that men should be cast adrift in these troublous times. Hills Land and Investment Company selling land upon easy terms of payment and at prices far below what the land coet the shareholders. And yet the Company wasn't started as a benevolent concern. A city clergyman who was preaching in a neighbouring village astonished the congregation by saying—" I wish to return to the oity by the first train, as I have a wife and five children there, and have never seen one of them." This declaration excited the most painful curiosity among the good people, which was allayed, however, when it became known that the "one" which the clergyman bad never seen was one that bad been bora sinoe he left home the day before. 