THE HOK T. PLAYFOKD. ARRIVAL IN LONDON. Our Loudon correspondent, writing on May 25, says The Hon. Thomas Piayford arrived in London oil Sunday last, having quitted the Oroya at Brindisi and travelled overland with the mails. He was at the office on Monday and reoeived a number of callers, including Sir John Bray, who managed to come down and welcome his old colleague. In the evening Mr. Playford's first public appearance was made at Exeter Hall, where he attended the annual May meeting of the Salvation Army. General Booth, when thanking the Australian Governments for the subsidies they had granted the Army, referred with much satis faction to the presence of the Aoting-Agent Geueral for South Australia. " JBut.'Vsaid he, "every Government and every municipality ought to assist us lor taking away their criminals." On Tuesday I called upon Mr. Piayford and I am afraid wasted a' quarter of an hour of his time talking about things iu general. My first impression was'that the ghost of Sir Arthur Blyth sat in the Agent-Gen oral's'chair. There is a similarity in the build of Mr. Piayford and Sir Ar thur, and he turns 'to one with the same movement and almost the same words— "What caii I do for you, Mr. Blank?"—that the latter used. Mr. Piayford looks a strong man mentally and physically. I Bhould' say, too, he is ol an energetic temperament and nob unlikely to—in Yankee phraseology—" make things hum." The interview with Sir John Bray had evi dently been very painful to him. Poor Sir John, whose memory is going fast, had quite forgotten why Mr. Piayford had come, and when to say something the latter spoke of going to Ottawa he with infinite difficulty enunciated "What for?" The Acding-Agent General also rather guessed than gathered that Sir John does not even now believe there is any thing the matter with him. At present the family think- the unfortunate gentleman a little better, but the physicians have warned Lady Bray not to cherish false hopes. Cases of the kind are seldom curable. Mr..Piayford seemed to think it strange that none of the South Australians who were at home last year should have spoken to him or to other Ministers of the change in Sir John. "Wenoticed," he said, "that our colleague's letters were very dry and .barren and void of the information we were constantly asking for, but we had not a clue to the reason why." I might have reminded him that more than six months ago The Advertiser London letters contained guarded references to the great change everyone noticed in the Agent-General. More than this was not possible or even desirable. .. Peopio—I mean conscientious people—are rightly chary how they bint, at peculiarities iu persons holding an official position. Besides, everyone liked Sir John Bray. He had not such a thing as an enemy iu London. ThoBe who stumbled on what they believed to be a temporary weakness hoped the Agent-General would get over it and held their tongues. Mrs. and Miss Piayford did not land with the Acting-Agent-General at Brindisi, but came round with the steamer to Tilbury, arriving yesterday. In the early part of the week Mr. Piayford was much engaged seeking a suitable residence. ; ' ' To-day's British Australasian writes :—" Mr. Piayford is now'in town and will formally assume the position of Agent-General for South Australia in a few days' time. ; No one, I am sure, regrets more than he does the exigencies wbioh have compelled the retire ment of Sir John Bray. The business, has, however, to be faced, and as Sir John Bray waB compelled to retire I cannot imagine that he oould be succeeded by any man more quali fied to represent South Australian interests and sentiments over here than will be the oase with Mr. Piayford, whose every personal interest beats in time with the beneficial developments of South Australia." The Ball Mall Gazette of last night says:— "Sir f'stcj Thomas Piayford, once Premier and now Agent-General of South Australia, has arrived in London just in time for the revival of an old dismission as to the status of the cIrsb to which he is the latest recruit. Ought Agents-General to bo public men of affairs or ought they to be merely official bagmen? That is the question that colonials on this and the other side of the water are answering with _ different voices. A not uuinfluential minority main tains that trade is the first link in the chain': of the empire. So it is, no doubt; but the last link will be of a very different make. Therefore, it is not wise to strain this point. And at present the suggestion , of commercial travellers in Government employment is quite unfeasible. Men like Sir Charles Tupper and Sir Charles Mills neither would, nor could, nor ought to consent to undertake merely commercial work of the kind hinted at. There is plenty of time for this branch of the business to be developed later. 