POLITICAL PARS.. ! Mr. J. A. Hogue is making good running for the Glebe, aud Will take ft lot of beating. Ex-Governor Lord Jersey will represent Great Britain at the Ottawa Conference, which opens on June 28. Sir Patrick Jennings attended the birth dav dinner to Sir Henry Parkes. He was about the only Protectionist present. It is rumored that Eose, H.P. (Argyle), has fallen from grace with hi6 constituents. 'JiiU'j Ji only wonders that he did not fall long u^o. .After the 'banging' debate had been finished in tbe House, vbe Speaker solemnly remurktd that he bad received a iiecou6truc tive Company Dill from the Ohambef of 'fustils. Quite a stir is taking place amongst mem bers* oi Parliament, tbey are all having a try with their luck in — Tbuth's Missing Werd Competition. About five oc six hundred pounds will be divided. J. D. Fitzgerald is said to be making strong running for Lang division, lie says he never was a follower ot Mr. Beid, and, as Ion : hs bo remained iu public lite, would decline to iollow that gentleman. The Treasurer stated in the Hou?e on Tuesday night that there were 60 Govern ment patients in private lunatic asylums, a J o£ whom were in the Bay View insti tution at a cost of 22s tid per head per week. II. tf. Clark, can tootle-tootlo his own trumpet. l^i&ys; that ParkcB has out lived las uaetulntS, was a menace in tbe l!ous\\\ und was a worn out politician. lie was really the member for St.] Leunards C Donovan Eossa, the Irish-American | dyuamitard, haB returned to Ireland lrom i th ? United States. His real name is Jcre- I n.'it/j iioss Donovan, fcfat be did not consider ! tbul j?o»d enough to go dynamiting about in. Hence ihe change The organisation of the State (ia the future) as seen in the post office, railways, education, and savings bank, and also in the publio hospitals and colleges, would be extended to the manufacturing and trading iuiii-.-vrics.— Rev. Hobacb Tuckeb, Mel bourne. It is cheaper to reduce crime than to build g&o;)$.— Uauhuli). Organise a State De partment oi Labor to which men can apply ior work at a minimum wage a* a rights and you will do more to prevent crime than nil the sentences passed within the memory of man. The 'Central Australian' says- — 'The ProunionibtB of Bouike should be up and do'.ng, lor the days of the present Parliament are drawing to a close, and if our sturdy Koniii'zutn don't want to be disfranchised uIu^L iljci, they had better 6ct to work and oryuuiiii.' Mr. Albert Chapman, brother of tbe mem ber lor Lraidwood, has received a requisition lroui a number of electors m the Moruya district, asking him to contest that seat. He has, howover, dcciined to stand on this oc casion, but will prepare himself lor the next general election. 'Four million five hundred thousand people— more than one-sixth of the whole population (in England) — live constantly in u t-iatc of squalid penury.'— A. R. Wal. lace. Thisis the land where an archbishop geU £16,000 per annum and the ltoyal Family over a pillion. George Bcid\\*js getting into a blue funk because he has heard tbat tbe Labor Party rru keeping a strong ' dark horse ' to oppose Mm for King Division. Who its that 41 dark iioi&e;!' They say that ho is almost ccrtain 10 beat Georgey, and wili do sofora certainty if the publicans split their voles. llutchi&OD;, M.P. for Glen Jones, on | death ' ll the laws oi tho Creator are not I true then tbeic is uo more haiui in taking a. man's life than tueie would be in taking a uog's. (Kintlus.) .Ministers may smile. 1 carc for no man. tajjcer« pass niu like water 011 a duck's back.' Hon. members ; 41 Bald ducks.' Sharp, M.l\, said he had to face angry ciov.ds in th^ past for his support of the pie bent Government, but be would not follow Ministers to the gallows. Let those who screech for tbe bload of these men for pro perty sake take the responsibility, for ha washed his hands of the wrctchcd spectacle. (cheers.) A queer yarn reachcs as from Manly, blatters electoial have reached such a pitch I uicie that one candidate attends Divine ! tervjee regularly at the Weslcyan Church | and is publicly converted, amid the sobs of the utUokers. three time; a tiabbath. This penitent candidate builds on obtaining tho Jeligious vote. His name iB — ? . Guess the jiiifsing word. A telegram from I nvcrdlstateB that should Parliament be dissolved before the Jnvercll railway Bill and the Betterment Bill be comes law the Freetrade candidate mentioned -ib coming forward will receive strong sup port, The Inverell people can make up tbeir minds that they wjD be more likely to get ? i'bt.ii' railway irom the Protectionist than iht Freetrade crowd. TarkcB once told Hollis that he resembled Robespierre, and ever since then Gculbum's 1 Moyle-tax doctor has been posing as it he j was really the great « Incorruptible.' The only real resemblance between the two is ?quietness of manner, but then, you know, .Parkes is very astute, und he knew that the mac comparison would fix the doctor as a lifelong supporter of hie. b'ir H. Parkes remarked in the Parliamen ts)' Library on Wednesday last that he was of opinion that had Montgomery and Wil liams' case been taken up by some eminent lawyer, tho Executive would not have hanged them. This is the usual Parkesian a-ncer at the able young Australian, Dick Meagher, who made every human effort to prevent this judicial murder. The'Premier'a antagonist at Tamworthhas j no small opinion of himself. He is reported to have said that while abler men might be found to represent this electorate, he is prepared to devote the services of a business xnati— and he has been engaged for over 20 y pars in a position where care, strong mental ability, honeBty and watchfulness were neces sary—to the requirements of the electorate. Concerning the Bratdwoed election, it is eaid that Shadier has promised to spend £C000 on tlie contest, and he is supported by Ksstall, Boberts,and other squatters and *'fat men,' who would be glad to spend as much more to defeat Aastin Chapman. Nevertheless, ' the boy of the village,' as be isjocoBcly called, will romp home a winner, and probably seenre the election of faithful ?old Henry Clarke, for Moruya, as well. Joe Cook, the Labor Leader, is an atra bilious und ill- tempered politician, but he occasionally 'gets home.' He did so the other yarning abont 3 o'clock, when the jBetfcrment Bill was under discussion. Reid had made a speech, in which he palpably showed the cloven hoof of the Single- taxers. Cwk*« reply* Beid staggered the podgy politician, who has been likened to a plum pudding with a plit across the middle for a mouth. | Anyone reading Sir Henry Parkes' birth day speech, who did npt know the old man, would certaiuly think him a Republican, lie said u he would never rest till he saw these fair sister States united in one august National Government under one flag. He would do all in bis power to unite the whole population of Australia in one great and virtually independent nation.' We are un-ier one flag, and we are part of one great nation; but to be an independent nation necessitates changing our flag. The Goulburn 'Evening Star' says:— ' The Fr^etrade-cum-Siugle-tax-cum- Labor representatives appears to mc to be the veriest hypocrite on earth. His Freetrade is bad enough in all conscience for unfoitunatc labor,' but when hi drags in his Chinese Single-tax idea, labor simply groans, and wili groan much louder if the free competi tion idea ever seizes the country in its fatal grasp. The country has had quite enough of the holy HindlecumFegancumCookcum Cotton crowd, and the people want a rest. ? ? ? - ! A Queensland correspondent writing to a leeal piper on the subject of Government relief says :— *? Not long ago a man received 101b of meat— with bonea— and when he po1 home with the prfoehfe wife found it was io.» patriarchal to eat, eo the husband walkuJ back with it five miles, and got everything but civility on complaining at the shop in Queen-street. The last I saw of the man was going up the steps o£ the Treasury to inter view the Colonial Secretary with the bag of stinking meat hanging over hiB shoulder.' We have received a pamphlet on 4- Village Settlements,' containing a lecture recently delivered by the llev. Thomas Boseby, M.A., LL.D. The reverend gentleman expresses his conviction that the principle embodiedin village settlements will meet with continued support. He also claims that ministers I should not remain outside the practical part I of politics, simply because they are ministers. | lie claims to have some acquaintance with ' the great teachers of political philosophy j from Plato and Juetinian to Herbert Spencer | and — Karl Hurx. j Laboring men who have a vote to give at i the next election should remember the I following names of those who voted for the I execution of the unfortunate burglars, Wil liams and Montgomery : — i Lonsdale Bavister Nicholson H indie Donald ? Murphy Hoyle Scott Vargban These men went into Parliament because of their pledges to Labor aud not to support death penalties under euch circumstances as I Montgomery and Williams were executed. I 'Billy' Affleck, the here of Gundaroo, is I in the field against old Tom Colls, for Yass | Plains. Billy has lately bought a buggy I with a white hood, and a'poMwt with the 1 object of awing and impressing the free and | independent of Murrumbateman, Young, I Dalton, etc. Grubber-Guller, however, will I prove the Waterloo of *' Billy ' iu the future | as it has done in the past. The freeselectore of Vass Plains are to* wide-a-wake to be I taken in by the oppressive nonsense of 1 eingle.taxers like Aflleck, who a iew years ago offered to keep wheat at [is per bushel, if the farmers would only elect him for Quean beyan. The eloquent Patrick Henry said ' We can only judge the future by the past.' Loak at the past. When Kgpyt T^entdown H per vent, ot hei population owned 97 per cent of the wealth. The people were starved to death. When Babylon went down 2 per cent, of the population owned aU the wealth. The people were starved to death. When Persia went down 1 per cent, of the popula tion owned the land. When Bouse went down ISO'J men owned all the known world. For the past twenty yoars the United Statas 1 has rapi'ily followed in ihe steps of tbeee old nations. Hcie are tbe iigures : — In 1&50 capitalists owned JJ7J per cent, of the nation's wealth. In 1370 they owned 68 per cent. Bathnrfit ' National Advocate ' whooping for blood hasbtaried the wonrieriul theory that i'ur membeis of Parliament to sign a ! petition praying lor the reprieve ot con demned iimlela'jton? is at once unconstitu tional and breaking the law. This contention ia absurd. The right of petition is inherent j in every member of society und the in j dividual when clhcted to Parliament no ! mosc surrenders thai li^ht than he foregoes I hi$ ri^ht to breathe. The bloodthirsty Advocate ' forge's that in advocating a | reprieve the pctiiiucprs did not wish to turn j tbe malefuctors loose *-n society. 'J hey merely 1 wished the substitution of lifelong imprison j mcnt for the death penalty. This Just for ! blood is unworthy ot the traditions of a free press. Dr. Ifollis will hare to fight his way in ' Goulburn this time, noiwithmauding the J'act I that be is the M wnitc-headed boy' of tbe ' local ?' Penny Post,' owing to his singlc | tax proclivities. Poor dear lJcbbldwbite, who | runs the sheet last-mentioned, can see no good I in anyone who does nut subscribe to tbe doctrine of Henry George, and all who do are au^els of light and learning. Notwith standing all tbis, that gay old shaver, Bull, wiil run him dote. The antiquity just mentioned is a 6tron^ Parkesian, and a shining light with the.L.U.L. As he will have tha publicans ilth him to a man (owing to Hollis' Local', Option proclivities) the retired barber willj-make the medico travel the whole of the]yourney, if he does not beat him at the flnish. J. H. Carruthers has been fooling around Araluen, Tarago, and other poriione of the Braidwood electorate, in the interests of Hot-Cross Bun tihadler, who is being brought out to oppose Austin Chapman, the eitting member. The tedult of Jpseph Hector's in terference in this and other electorates will be retaliation swift and sure. J. H. will yet 1 rind himselt confronted with an opponent who will take away votes enough to let the , Labor candidate in. The man and the money I are both ready, and J. II, C. will have to 'swim for the shore ' if this opponent once takes tho field. A man who haB given pledges to the Stngle- taxerc, Socialists, and apologised to the Uoman Catholics for ap f tearing on a 12th of J uly platform, as J. H. C. lasdono, cannot afford to take many liberties l with any constituency. His sins are bound I to find him out. | The Bill to end the truck system passed its second reading and final stages on Tues- 1 | day, and went unamended through com- , I mittee with flying colors. 'Mr. Cook, who ; I had charge of tbe measur- ^ united on the ! I disadvantages under which cc piuyes suffered , j through the truck system, an ^nted that in ! i one locality that he knew oi m n had lived j j for over 20 years, and probacy .vould never i getaway, so oppressive wei :V. liabilities] and habits they had contrive i, po absolu tcly were they reduced to a ccr.-Jiiion really little better than serfdom. \1. tbe em ployers* store they paid fiu \ 'r.r r.ant above current prices, and if any'.hii ? - ?' as left in 1 the purse after that squee .i:^, there was an employer's hotel where it could be liqui dated. To relieve these oppics^'vc condi tions, the Bill provided that wages should be paid in current coin, though precau tionary exemptions were made for payment ; : by cheque, and for gel-offs in exceptional circumstances. , The PreBSiare juBt now firing into E. W. 1 O'Sullivan for having dared to say that he | had secured £G0,00G for his electorate, j but E. W. will probably cut out every criti- I clsm of the character and use it in his elcc- j i tioneering address, in order to show the : Queanbeyanites what an attentive member | I they have had. No doubt this practice of Members securing roada and bridges is highly reprehensible, bat, iu the juiph. ^ . i, ii common fiense, who is - member does npt? -nets have no local government, and u mem ber does not seoore tbe (l loaves and fishes' the district must suffer. It is simple ' bosh' to say that the Ministry have propitiated E. W. O'Sullivan by giving him loads and bridges. As a matter of fact K W'g. fidelity to Protection haB caused him to vote with the Dibbs' Government on every vote of censure, and he has Toted many timeB with them, as a democrat, he might easily have tbeen excused for taking the other view. Supposing Jem Hogue gets elected for the Glebe, is it no be supposed that he would not ask for some accommodation — say a recreation reserve, a new post office, or a wharf — for bis constituents if they desired him to do so I Of course he would. Incon sistency, thy name is not ' Evening News.' Young Knox is gbing&\- run Ncild close for Paddington, if he does not actually beat him. To use a $eildisiic pun, Knox is going to prove obnoxious to the sitting member. Adrian is a bit of a Tory, however, and he shows it in his speeches. He is going against payment of members, forgetting that by the era oE Milburn Creek, the Man field episode, and Circular Quay resumptions, i etc., existed before payment of members came into vogue. Can Knox show one clear ! case of corruption since members were paid? -f he cannot, then let bim shut up on the ' .:-or, for it is better that the people should ,-?; :hdr members thau that they should . Njisct vcs. Payment ot members ' allow.i .! * ciiifises to be represented, but the i non-pa., -r.icr.i system would allow only rich men's sonu, like Adrian, to enter the House. | And what sort of a House would it be 1 Let the people remember the jobbery and cor ruption of tbe past, and then give tbe reply themselves. Ho, payment of members may bring stupid and ill-informed men into Par liament, but it does not generate dishonesty like the unpaid system does. | On Tuesday night tho Treasurer laid on I the table of the House a return showing the state of the Public Accounts. It is a ghost which should haunt every Freetrader ut next election, and an interesting piece of informa tion which every Protectionist should paste in his hat The unexpended votes ot balances on 31st Dacember, 1891, amounted to £G4i,G25; ou 31st December, It 92, to £1,373)051 j and on 31st December, lt-lJ3, to £1.344,(j(J3. The return also stated tbat the amount of cash, cither from loans or other funds, at the disposal of the Government when they came into office was, nominally, a large earn, for, although the Government ac count, as a whole, with -the banks in the colony, was overdrawn to tbe extent of £394,1)83 15s 6d, the previous Ad mini6tiation bad, on 17th September, 18D1, flouted a loan in London to the extent of ,500,000 ; but, I practically, there was no cash at all avail , able, for the reason that nearly the whole of ' the loan in question bad been virtually hypothecated to repay advances from finan cial institutions anal to pay off debentures maturing on 1st January, lb'J2, leaving a balance— s&timated; on 17th September by Mr. Bruce-Smith at £1-00, 000— which was all | required to meetengageineuts of the Govern ment for loan payments between that date I and tbe end of November. In addition te i this contracts had been made and entered into, which were then feeing carried out, to the extent of £4,20S,6fi3, thus necee⁢&.ing an application to the Legislature before the close of tbe year 18'Jl for authority to issue Treasury Bills to the extent of £4,000,000 sterling, which was granted, and the bills were sold. 