A Soldier's Secret. Iy CAPT. OfHAS. KING, CH APTERf XIV. " 5-n5 yet you yoursilf do not pick up as I -could wislh. Taku that chair, Ellis; we shall not b iit.orrupted, and I want 'tor tail with you sh'out your case.; You have won hItoMor *inct troops of friends in Ihis campaignr , aid when tle regiment gets bhack arid they find yous pale and ,hlangid, so utterly' unlike yourself and unfit o take y~out dulties s firu sergeant, they will say I was at fault. (CIn't stand that, you know,. so I hatve spoken to Major Kenyon sIlbOut tile matter, and he has directed .thtii youl movo out of the hospital forthwith and unider sny roof. No; keep yotur seat. You are to report to me for specitl duty in malkintg up the fitldl papers and replrts, an'd I shall need you right heroe wvhern I can sulpervise it all and loiok after you." Fort a ntttunts tihe two nten sat gazing straight .into teach other's eyes. Then a gaia, trembling slightly, Ellis strove to "Dr. Holden, I-I ought not to take advantago'of tlis. Indeed I cannot." "That will do, sir," was the quietly smiling reply. 'Orders are orders, ser geant; -and., being a patient you are doubly under mine. What's more, you can ask no: iiestion until that chevron is reilacedi by the shoulder strap. Ellis, .uuderwltht name shall the officers of the Twelfth askr that you be made one of their number?" Making sio reply, the sergeant bowed his head and covered his face with his hands. - L"at that' evening old Kenyon, drop. ping in to see the doctor, found the tall cavalrymlin seated at a desk in Holden's library, and, as he promptly arose and stood erect ,in acknowledgment of the presence of 'the post coiomander, the major strode straight up to him and held out his hand: "Sergeant, I aim as proud and pleased, as your own father could be. When a whole regiment recommends a man for a commissioni,as this day's mail tells us, it's worth more than all 'the sonatorial backins in Columbia, It may not fetch in; "'ut r" ratner niwave , a-ow, nave youi any friends to aid you?" "None in. the World, sir." "No relatives? No kin? Not even a congressman?" . "Not even a congressman. A sister, perhaps; but that is all." "Woll;' well,. woll Never mind, though, my lad: wo'll see you through. What you' must do is ges strong and well. You're but the ghost of yoursolf, and the doctor and I have moved you over here.o as a matter we owe the regi ment. I(thought you were told to go to hbed an hour ago. Which is your room?" "The cloctor has given 'me the run of the top floor, sir, but mine is the front room on!::this side," answered Ellis gravely. ' "Well,.it's time.for" you to turn in. so I orter rt. Lot leo see, This is the 'twonty-flfthof January. A month from now, or two at most, I hope to see you with a stritp'on your shoulder, and long bhforo that,ivith the flush of health in yoer.cheek. Now good night to you andi pleasant dreamsa" Andthemajorstrode away. n: Oly an Ihourts..ater sunset the silver disk to tho moidti had riscif clonuleso n- - unveiled, and-now', as the bugle was calling the Islated ones back' to the post for night inspection of quarters, thobur nished shield was high aloft, flooding the broad valley with its radiant sheen, tihrowing black shadows upon the broad roadway, the white picket fence, the glistening verandas at the post. Hol den, returning from a late visit to some of his patients at the hospital, stopped and looked quickly and intently up at the little gallery overhanging the east ward wall.., In.the front room, that which be had assigned to Ellis; a light brurned diunly. The Venetinnwindow of the rear room loadhing io the gallery was dark, yot open, and on the .little ledge, leaning against ,the casement, the moonlight gloaming on hi. face and formn, a tall soldier was gazing intently eastward. Quietly" Holden strode along, entered the gate, went noiselessly into the hall and up the stairs, . The door from Nita's room to the. landing, stood wide open. At.this jusicture a persois standing out side would have seen the silent occupant of "Robbers' Roost'" turn with sudden start and peer into the room, for Holden, his eyel fixed upon the gleaming, glis tmnin-gspes between the two rear win. dows andjusst over the toilet table, had purposely dropped his heavy stick with resounding clatter upon the landing .floor. •"I;thought so," he muttered. in' scrone''satisfaction. Then picking up his stick he calmhnly strolled across the tlhreshold'and into the dark room. " "Beautiful view of i moonlight night, Ellis.: That watm Miss Guthrie's favorite "perch when she was here." F~tta, with ontatrctchCt arms throws 1ce. sea f fwiw, rdi to meet htm. A groat city is iraped in mourning. On every sido, at half staff, the unational: flag hangs limp and lifoless in the moist and misty air, as though of its own volt toin' drooping 'in honor of the soldier, doad.. Under tlib soddon skies; through thronged yet silent streots, in long, long coluinu chosen dettichments of soldiery. are liziding' to' its final resting place'the shrouded clay of hint who to such glori ous purpose had leo tiod Union blue in ever, field from the lMiissossippi to the I E sea, and who through long years of lion ored sere:ce racnked foremost on the rolls of the army-foremost perhaps in the great heart of tle people. For days, a 1 though in sympathy with the widespread grief, tihe heavens have pourtd their floods upon the brown andlesiless slopes. All nature snesta plunged uin wintry gloom. Tihe black smoke froml a host of sticks l ad chinuisyhas settled down ! upon the silent city, covering it like a pull. From north and south, from east and west, battalions and batteries,,na tional and statn, have been concentrat tug to take part in the last honors to the illustrious chief. and dripping, yet dis ciplined, without the stir of martial music, the men lhavo marched from the trains to the rendezvous assigned them about the town. At last te onur hans come. nro weep- ' ing skies havi checked their tears, The streets and sidewalks along the line of march swarm with citizens, whose hush ed voices and reverent mien speak elo quently of their senses of the national loss.' From many a stately mnsion and modest homestead out beyond the -business section festoons of black are fluttering in the rising breez, the fiagis twined with crape, the windows, bal conies aind steps are alive with spec tators. And, far out on the west wrrd avoenue, on a sheltered portico that projects from a solid, old fashioned roes idence of cut stone and almost over hangs the street. there is gathered a lit tle bevy of fair forms and faces which we saw together for the first time that -Indian summery afternoon of the recep jton at Pawnoo. The rapid trot of orderlies and mounted police, sent ahead to warn the 'eopulace oil the street and back to the sidewalk, and the distant wailing of cavalry trumpets far down the avenue, have told that now the funeral column is approaching; and from the warmth of the cozy parlor, well wrapped in mantles and furs, the ladies have come forth. into the chilly February day AMrs. Berrion, Mrs. Holden and her chil dron; Winifred, whose soft cheeks are .aglow and whose dark eyes turn insta?nt. ly, eagerly toward. the head of the ad vancing escort; Nit Guthrieo, pallid, lanquid when unobserved by her guests, yet brightening instantly, bravely, when addressed, and striving to be her old gracious, radiant self for the sake of those and other visitors from Pawnee for the Twelfth has beonr.etailed es pecially to lead the escort t-l'the great commander, and all the way 'from the frontier and only a few days home from the stirring scenes of its fierce campaign the regiment has been brought hither by the orders of a general who knows their worth as well he knows their wrongs and whose soldier hearthasfoltfor them in all their trials. It was in his power to give this honor to others, but though his own old regi ment is within easy call, lie means that the people shall see for themselves what manner of men are these whom press and pulpit have assailed, and against whoso fair fame the shafts of slander hate been hurled, only to f1ll blunted miand broken or, like boomerangs, coins hurling, back about the ears of the thrower, Vindicated by the verdict of his peers,, doubly vindicated by the highest powers'of the land, gray haired Farlquhar is chosen to command the es cort, and, though the flower of the na tion's soldiery marchoes in the funeral train this day, the eyes of all the gath ered throng are strained to see and hail ans 0ho1.-t- ati?ndrtr and the guidons of the man who borebtlii6'bruntof bhttle only two short months gong by. And with the squadrons and the guns from Pawneo came such of the woundled officors as were well enough to be trans ported hither, and with. thom half a dozen of the ladies of the girrison. To the hugo delight of the old battalion, two of whoso troops are cruelly thinued in numbers now, the jovial major hispor mitted by Dr. Iolden to mount "Old Glory" and take his position in front bf the line, To the tremulous joy of Wini-\ fred Borrion, Mr. Brewater has tole graphed from Washington, whither lhe was summoned immediately aftei the close of the investigation at the agency, bidding them bring his horse and equip ments, for oven though he cannot draw saber he minoens torido with "the black troop" on this day of days. She has not seen him since that wonderful morning when, like a young snow king, he burst through the fleecy barriers about them and stood before her rejoicing eyes their rescuer, her father's preserver, her lover, her hero; and ever since in his pride ho has held. aloof from her and all she holds dear. She can hardly hush the fluttering of her heart " as now, near at hand, she hears the familiar strains of the trumpets of the Twelfth, still sound ing the mournful dead march. Other ladies .of the Twelfth are here--Mrs. Hazlett, Mrs. Gorham and Mrs. War ren; and small wonder can there be that their soft eyes fill with tears. Ever since the brief and bloody campaign the sad, solemn tones have -been their daily music. The crape is not yet rusting on the sword hilts -of their -lords, worn in honor of poor Thorpoeand Rand and Burrows, :when it .is renoweod for the general in chief,. d. _Andnow thi trowds hae drifted back from the asphailt; ,-TEif11atidn'eo mounted police hlas slowly clattered by, Then in long rank, boot to boot, muffled in their blue overcoats, the yellow lined capes turnedbcek, led by their veteran chief adi guiding their spirited grays with hardly a touch of rein, the trum.n peters of the Twelfth cover the street from curb to ourb, the brazen bells up. lifted and pouring' forth their mourn ful strains. A little space, and then, mounted on isottlesonio bay in the rich housiuigs of d general officer, there rides the marshal of the parade, followed by ?anlr after rank of staff officers, all.in the soniber dark blue of the service. The autumn frosts of -a vigorous life have silvered the strands at his temple oand tinged with-ruddy glow the cheeks -of that firm aid soldierly face,, but the eyes gleam clear and clean as ever they1 shone i quarter century ago, when lihe and Farquhar spurred through the misty forest aisles about Dinwiddio and lcdl thes cheorino:troooere to the charae on l'eitt's crouneing ne a- Inu. r urKb. He knuows the fair party on the Gutlhrio balcony at a singlo glance, and touches the visor of his forage cap as he movese slowly by, thbn summons an aid, gives him a.low toned order, and the officer reins aside to lot his comrades pass, then jogs back down the mavdnuo to meet thl column, And now necks are craning o every side, and a murmiur runs along, the crowded hb nquetto, A murmur that tain would break forth in a cheer but for the solemn occasion of their comaing. Eyes glecan and brighten; lips stir with inartiuonlate greeting; hands, kerchiefs and hats are waved in voice. less acclaim. Any other time and all the great city would hurat into tnmultu. ous cheer, for here rides gray haired Farquliar at the head of his staff, and just behind them, commanding the Twelfth, still pallid from his wounds, brit erect and soldierly as over, the soe nior ,iajor, dear old Berrien, lowers his saber in ticknowledgment of the sa lute of the aid, bends his ear to listeon to the message, glances quickly at the balcony into the smiling face of. his wife, meeting TVinifred's dark and glowing eyes, but shakes his head, o ' tious to Dr. hIolden, who is at his left rear, and camldes on, Holden nods ap preciatively en receipt of what seems to be a similar message, reins out of column, followed by his orderly, dis mounts at the side street, and presently is standing by his wife's side, welcomed most cordially by MIiss Gnthrio to the now crow-ded balcony. In column of platoons stretching from walk to wallc, clear across the atreet, ranks carefully aligned, every man's head and eyes straight to the front, the leading troops of the Twelfth are now clinittng steadily by. Hazlett has glanced out of the corners of his eyes at the lovely picture on the gallery, but, riding at attention as they are, and on duty, he maakes no sign. Randolph and Ridgeway, heading their platoons, strive to do two things at once-look as though they saw and appreciated the fluttering greetings of hand and Landkerchief and smiling eyes to their right, and stil look --. as though they did not see it at all. The sorrols, the grays have gone by, tho'bay troop is passing, and now yonder comes Gorham over on the other side of the street, the nearest he can got to his regu lation position of four yards to the left of his leading platoon, and out from the sheltering screen of tree branches ind in front of the center of the first sub division of the blacks, his sabor arm. still in its sling, his face pale with con finement and suffering, but tall and stal wart rides Curly. (To be contiuu 