TURF TOPICS, AND ANTICIPATIONS. The various events to ba run at Williaraatown this afternoon may result as follows > HURDLE RACE. Ono milo and a half. LAND'S END ... ... ;.. 1 SOLOMON ... ... Z MERRY CHRISTMAS ... ... 3 WELTER HANDICAP. . , . : Six furlongs. ...; COBALT ... ... ... ... 1 PENNANT ... ... ... ... 2 BROWN BE3S ... ... ... 3 " " STEEPLECHASE. Two miles. IRIS ... ... ... .... ...1 MACDUFF ... .„ : „. 2 , GUARDFISH... ...! ' ... ... 3 SELLING HANDICAP. Five furlongs. RIPPLE ... ... 1 LUCIUS ... ... . 2 ! CHUOKSTER... ... ... ... 3. ' LAVERTON STAKES. . Five furlongs, GLEN DHU ... ... .... ... 1' WOODLANDS ... ... ... 2 FRAGMENT ... ... ... ... 3 NEWPORT HANDICAP. Ono mile. PREMIER ... ..; ... ... 'l' . JOHNS. ... ... ' ,. 2 JOSEPHINE... ... ... ... 3 ; Tho BIentone Raoirig . Club -holds a meeting noxt Tuesday," at whioh the results may be as follow: — TRIAL STAKES. , Five furlongs. ISHMAELITE ... ... ... 1 . THE FRIEND - ... ' ... ... 2 KEA ... : A..- ; ... ... 3 WELTER HANDICAP. : " Seven furlongs. " GARNET ... 1 BLACK FLAG ' ... 2 BEST BOWER ... ... " ... 3 . STEEPLECHASE; V About two miles S ' ' . ELPHINSTONE. V.." 1 , KREMLIN ... ... ... ... 2 ST.'ELMO " ... : ... 3. ; ..FLYING. HANDICAP. I . . Five furlouga and a quarter. - i THE BUD. .... ... i.i . 1. i . ORESTES . ... .;. 2 t WOOiDLANDS ' ... ' ... ... 3 \ DISPOSAL STAKES. . Six furlongs. YARMON .... FUSEE... ... ... ... " 2 . enticement: , ... , ... "' 3 MENTONE HANDICAP. " " . ' .. One milo and half a furlong. ' BRITOMARTE 1 ' JOSEPHINE'.... "2 PRIOR... . ... ... ... 3 ; The oxooutive of tho Geelong Raoing Club had evory reason to foel -thoroughly satisflod witli the result of tho summer moeting, whioh passed off without a hi toll, pndwas attended by generally ploasant . and . favorablo oiroumstanoes. Tho , weather, whioh is the most import ant factor , of all in tlio suoaess of a raoo mooting, oould hardly lmvo been more en joyable had it been mado to Mr. Sparrow's special order, and os the Geolong racecourse when the sun is shining and tho air is fresh and balmy is a spot- upon whioh those advantages may bo thoroughly appreciated, tho numerous visitors who patronised tho spooial trains had no oause to regret having indulged in tho outing. Amongst the returning excursionists on Satur day night it must be admitted that there were many-wlio may bo excused for not recognising suoh a roseate hue of matters oonneotod with tho meeting, most of tho punters having sufforcdsoverclytliroughtliapersistentfailuresof the favorites. Fow men nro philosophically gifted enough to appreciate tho pleasant atmospheric surroundings of a meeting which has rosultod in a bad settling to be confronted on Monday morning. , Ploasant breezes which fan the oheelc with zephyr liko touch, and bright cheering sun shine are dolightful when other considerations correspond, but to empty pockets they aro no more than was the "supper beer" to tho " blighted 'art " of Charley Spraggs. The books bad far and away tho best of tho deal, and although tho oomploint of "shocking bad botting " -has become a stereotyped phrase, it seems likely that if the ringmen enjoy a few more pcriodB of success equal to their experience ' during itlio; last three, or four months they will be well propared for the metallic millennium threatened by tho Crown prosecutor, and ready to retire, into, private life with bulging bank balances before the; inevitable ' advent of the 'totaiiuator at Flemington. The ono regrottable oireumBtanco in connection with the meeting was the absonco of Carnage, with whom visitors would have beon pleased to renew acquaintance, and at whom baokers of autnmu doubles would doubtless havo liked to obtain a glance. It was, liowover, dooidod that tho orack should bo re served for Flemington, wliore, all being well, bo will strip for the St. Legor this day three weeks. The books at Goelong had no oause to com plain of bad betting on tho opening event of the meeting, tho Hurdlo Race, six of the seven starters being backed, Young Lapidist and Pre- cipiao having the slightest possiblo call of The Indian when the flag foil. Despite a couple of good performances whioh tho latter has oxe- cutcd, Mr. Albert Millor evidently understood liim best when ho doubted his reliability, and it scorns ovident that the blaok gelding is not to be trusted. Abbey made all the running, if suoh it could bo colled, for tbe paoe was wretobediy slow, but a couple of hundred yards from home Slmndon bad bim beaten, and at the finish won comfortably from Preoip'.oo, who also passed Abbey iu tho run borne. The winner comes from the "Western District, and although his pedigree is involved in doubt, be is reputsd to bo a son of Wellington. Mr. Miller's filly, Ruth, was a strong order for tho Trial Stakes, but ju'st failed to get liomo, being beaten after a oapital finish by Commotion's half-brother, Tallus, who started second favorite, and was well fancied by thoso who knew him best. Votreas looked dangerous turning into the bond, but died away immediately, and could get no nearer than third. It was a somewhat singular aoinoidenoo that for tho noxt raoo, the Sires' Produce Stakes, Mr. Miller again supplied the favorite, who, like Ruth had done, started at 7 to 4, and, like her, finished second. Eiridsfordo, who out out tbe work from tho jump, was nevor hcadod, and though the fnvorito and Rink boldly cballongod him at the home turn, the grey oolt outstayed them both and brought iuto renowed notice bis imported sire Eiridspord, whoso stock ought to iuhcrit remarkable stoutnoss through their illustrious grand sire, Isonomy. After Hiekcnbotham's stable had won two conseoutive races it was not surprising that in a very moderato field of sovon for the Goelong Cup Comedian, who was ridden by Ramage, should lmvo been made favorite. Tim Swivolier's brotkor was, howovcr, olosely pressed in tho hotting by The Clown and Creasy, while tbe Caulfield contingent gave Josephino something more than an outside okance. The favorito oc cupied a satisfactory position to the turn for home, but disgrnoed himself terribly in tho straight run, finishing last but'ono. Tho moment Comodinn : was done with, Moors, shot to the front on . The Clown ; and although Cressy battled it out bravely alio had to put up with sooond honors, for whioh Ayah ran her to n head. The Clown is by Off Color from Eques trienne, a daughter of King of the Ring and Ynrdloy, a pedigree whioh revives memories of the St. Albans Btud when Mr. James "Wilson was in tho zenith of his suebess. Mr. Ledger- wood, who owns the winner, bred him at Maroon, in the Western District, whore ho has recently performed well. On Now Year's day The Olown won the Terang Cup, and although he had not previously started for any thingof suoh importance as the Geelong Oup, it is not surprising that a 5-year-old bted as lie is should have silenoed suoh a moderate lot qb opposod him, when the best of the bunoh so ignomiaiously failed to run np to his true form. Equestrienne, dam of The Olown, was bred at St. Albans by Mr. James Wilson, or rather by his son, who owned Yard- loy, but owing to a deformed leg she never raced. Backers who had gone down four times running wore not in good . heart to lay 2 to Ion Fuseo for the Connewarre Plate, but those who did so wore, duly rewarded for their gaineness, as the Tasmanian geldiug never gave any ; of liis oppo nents the ghost of a show, and from tho way in whioh he romped homo half a dozen . lengths in front of Paddy and Jonny it lookod as though King had ;been : reading Wisby. a Ieoture upon his unwise fondness for outting it fine. Taupo, Rudolph. and Parthia ware all well supported forthe St. Albans Handicap, and the viotory of Parthia .as, representative of tho St. Albans stable- was no leHS popular than appropriate. Tho highly bred daughter of Grandmaster and Orystal, has been a- costly failure, suffering defeat by moderates on tkreo separate ocoasious at Moonoo Valloy alono. Tho St. Albans Handicap is tiro only race slio has ever won, and ns Taupo, if she had run homo kindly, might hare beaten her, Parthia, whocost600guincasas a yearling and is now 4 years old, looks like a bad bargain. . Tho aeoond day at Geelong was equally en joyable atmospherically, and with fields numerically improved some good racing was witnessod. Tho field for tho - Foal Stakes had been shorn of its fair proportions by tho retire- mont of Carnago, The Sailor Prinoo and Pounamn, and of tho four left in nothing was supposed to.be anpsbie of lowering Hova's colors. Taupo, however, was in a more generous mood than on the. previous day, and though the favorito made a desperate effort to got on terms with her after he had settled Austor, Mr. Wallaoo's filly, ridden out vigorously by M 'Go wan, just lasted long enough to beat liiin home. Tho winner, who was brod . by Mr. J. O. Inglis, has a galloping pedigree, being by Malun from Verdure, and it is quite passible that this viotory may be thoforerunnor of others, as she is a great track galloper. After "Wash ington had won the Trot, which wns of the usual uninteresting character, " the Stecpleobnse claimed attention, but although there were only four starters, baokers made two picks without' hitting upon the winner. Blister, from theihere foot of being ridden by Corrignn, had numerous supporters ; but both AVoodsido and Glonvicw were hatter favorites, the disappointing Blondin being tho outsider of tho party. The latter has contraoted a habit of falling whioh would have been fatal to the famous and re juvenated rope walker! from: whom he takes his name, and on Saturday he came to griof soon after starting. As Glonvicw jumped badly, tho oknse soon resolved itself into a match between. Woodside and Blistor, and for the last half milo the spectators enjoyed a skilful and interesting set to between Corrignn and Carey, Blister, rid den by tho veteran, having, however, a little the bettor of it after the last fenoo hod been jumped, and holding his advantage to the ond, Glonvicw being beaten off. Ton started for the Geelong Handicap, for whioh Foulsliam provided tho favorito in Miraouloux, Little Maid, Creasy and Labor in Vain being next in demand. The rider of Ayah (Fuseo), made a determined and eventually successful effort to be first away, but as he just failed to got a plaoe, and was suspended for three months for disobeying the starter, his zeal was but ill requited. Little Maid flattered her baokers up to tho distanco, but fell away; and Cressy, who was the Bret to out her down, stall ing off Tellus and Taupo, came on and beat tho two T's, who ran a dead heat.for scooud place, a length behind tho winner. Miraoulcux onoe more gave his friends a cold shook, finishing but|)asttwo. Mr. SarauelB has oertainly de served better luek than he has so far ex perienced with this oolt, and with his former purolinso, Malolo, and it is to be hoped that the latter, after having weathered the Gippsland floods, may recompense his owner by throwing off bis old infirmities and blossoming in the spring. The winner, Cressy, is by Oreswiok— Ceres, and, it will be remembered, she was well kaoked at outside prices for the last Caulfield Oup. That journey was a bit beyond her oapnoity, but in less aristooratio company on Saturday she managed to reward the patience of tho Bnllarat veteran, T. AVilson, who put up the Caulfield jookey, AYisby. The latter was not so Suoccssful in his next effort on Fusee in tho Selling Stakes. As Fuseo had on the previous day, in the Oonnewarre Plate, beaten the best of those opposed to him it looked good business to lay odds on, but, although the favorite was within 120 yards of home before danger was apprehended, M'Gowan completed the desolation of the punters by making a phe nomenally vigorous effort on Now Moon, who, favored by 7 lb. advantago in the weights ovsr an extra furlong of ground, just oaught and beat Fusee in the last stride. By his desperate and Buocossful effort tho Ballarat jockey upset what was regardod as the moral certainty of the meeting, but baokers who whoro gamo enough mado a reoovery on the last raoe, tho Stewards' Purse, whioh was won easily by Gaillardia, who had tho honor of being tho first favorite to get home during the day. Mr. "Wallace's mare was on her best bokavior, and had no trouble in making hacks of her opponents, Rudolph and Brownlight ohasing her homo hopelessly. P. M'Gowan was far and away the most suc cessful jookey at the Geolong meoting, having steered tiie winnors of the Siros' Produce Stakes, Foal Stakes, Selling'Stakes and Stewards' Purse, besidtB finishing second in tho St. Albans Han dicap and riding a dead heat for second in the Geelong Hnndiaap. Tho only other jookey who soorcd more than onoe was AVisby, who rode tho winners of the Oonnewarre Plate and Goolong Handioap, and was seoond in tho Geelong Oup and the Selling Stakes. Acoording to Mr. O. A. Smyth, whose in formation should be unimpeaohable, thore is a possibility of an endeavor being mado by the authorities to prevent betting 011 raoe- courses in this oolony. In opening his caso against the shop betting men who wore finod last- weok, the Grown pro3eoutor " made tho startling assertion that " if the bench supported the Grown Law authoritioa in thoir action in suppressing tho totalisator shops an effort would in all probability bo made to prohibit hotting upon raooooursos." Should this ever oome to anything it will probably moan: the regulation rather than the prohibition of invest ment on ' horse raoing, or in other words the. legalisation of the totalisator to bo used by legitimate raoing alubs under responsible super vision. The ring may not be nooessary to tho existeneo and auoooss of raoing, bat tho piiblio's opportunity to back' thoir' fanoy in soma way or other is most undoubtedly a necessity. Up to the presont time the authorities in Victoria and New South AVales have deolinod to legalise the totalisator, , while- Now Zealand, South Aus tralia, Tasmania and Queensland have adopted and encouraged it. : The introduction of the v machino at Flemington and on tho other princi pal duly regulated oou.rses is probably, however, only a matter of time, and in Mr. .Smyth's recently dropped hint there may porliapB be reoogniied warning of tho near approach of the recognition by tho Grown Law departmont of the desirability of the totaiisntor's legalisation; There is not a shadow of doubt that many well minded and reasonable pcopto entertain a dread of tho machine's introduction through lack of know ledge, and in oonsequence of misrepresentation" in oonnootion with it. Tho occasional raids mado on so called totalisator shops, and the pro secutions of shndy people who, in tho oonduot of thoir nefarious bnsiness, lead a sort of vagabond existence, being in oonstnnt terror of the law, against which they know thoy are offending, have caused , the very name of the totalisator to stink in the nostrils of tho people. Tho totali sator, for tho legalisation of whioh at no distant petiod the best wishers of tho Viotorian turf aro ' impatiently waiting, must not bo confused or associated with the concern whioh is manipu lated on the sly in the back rooms of suburban tobncao sliopB.. It "would, on the contrary, be,- under tho supervision of Government offioiais or of a responsible body like the Viotorin Raoing Olub, a means of enormously increasing the stakes to be run for, of contributing vast sums of "money to tho maintenance of tho publio ohnritios, and of enabling the public to obt'ain; fair odds, whioh they would regulato by their own investments. It would ba absurd for' tho Viotorian Crown Law authoritioa to pro hibit betting in- the ring on racecourses so long as tho totalisator continued to bo foolishly taboood. There has never yet been a community of Englishmen since the days of the Pilgrim Fathers who would not insist upon backing their fancies if thoy so deBired, and the endeavor to. make men ultra moral against their own inclinations has been a ghastly failure wherever and whenever' attempted. Lot Parliament givo the Viotorian - public who attend the meetings of legitimate' raoing olubs tho privilege of investing their money through the totalisator, and the great bulk of tho people would not care two straws about the prohibition of betting in the ring, but the attemptod abolition of tho latter without the introduotion of the former would be an impraotioablo absurdity, to which the people of this colony aro not likely to submit. It was recently announced in these columns that Messrs. AV, 0. Yuille and Co,'s annual sale of yearlings at Newmarket would take place on Monday, 5th Maroh, and thoir sale of the St. Albans yearlings on the following AVodnes- day, 7th March. It has since been decided that tho St. Albans sale Bhail be hold at tho Agricultural Sooiety'a bIiow grounds, Flemington, thlB year, instead of on tbe estate, a change wiiioh will Buit the convenience of metropolitan owners and trainers whoso horses are in work at Flemington and Caulfield. Thosa who have on former occasions enjoyed Mr." AVilson'a unbounded hospitality and experienced ' the ploasure of a day at St. Albans will doubt- less miss the annual onting ; but the mon whose presenoe is really most desirable on these occa- sions, men who mean business, will oome to buy as readily to the hard business like show grounds bb to fertile and beautiful St. Albans ; and as to tho other contingent — those whose business at these sales is more intimatoly associated with obampaghe and ohicken than with horse flosh — if thoy don't turn up under the new conditions there will be all the more sitting accommodation for thoso who do. All things cousidorcd, the obango of venue seems to bo a sensiblo depar ture, whioh will be duly appreciated by those who wish to be present at the sale and attend to other business on the same day, which, by the way, isthedaybetweentheAustralianCupandtho Champion Stakes. Moreover, it most be remem bered that the manager of the St. Albans estate, Sir. 0. L. M'Donald, has . a numerous and valuable stud of horses in training, and past ex perience has shown that their temperament and condition are not likely to be improved by the. noise and general excitement attending a big day's sale. Mr. Archie Yuillo has rcoeived Mr. Wilson's usual instructions to sell every lot without reserve, Thore are 35 yearlings cata logued, 24 fillies and 11 colts, in addition to whioh the brood marcs Dansonsc, Kaipara, Arau- oluse, Ravenna, Sweet Cicely (imp.) and Europa . will ho sold. The sires represented are the same as last year, Trenton, Eiridspord, Nowminster, ' Robinson Crusoe and First King, and all the good judges who have seen tho yearlings agree that this year the high reputation of the famous breeding establishment has been fully main tained in tho throe important B's — blood, bona and beauty. Tho. auotionoors in a short summary on the first page of the well prepared cstaloguo (copies of whioh may now be obtained at AV". 0. Yuille and Co.'aoifioo) direct attention to the remarkable . suoccss on the turf during the past 12 months ,< of the progeny of tho St. Albans sires. No less than 59 successful performers during that period are quoted, amongst whioh maybe specially men- . tioned Dreamland, Tareoola, Wild Rose, Light Artillery, Tho Dauphine, The Sailor Prince, Pounamu, Vakeel, Sprig O' Myrtle, Treuohant, Newman, Newton, Linburn, The Captain, Rink, Eiridsfordo, Lord Grenviile, Repudiation, Beverley, Lady's Blaid, Garpon, Auster, Shot- holt, Preston, Mooroongie, Little Maid, Palo Alto, Burton and Bliss. , For years it has been an accepted tradition in both the old and now world that the highest priced-lot at a big year- ling sale will not bo tho most '. successful, on the turf, hard solid fa ote having strengthened thiB view ; but the theory '. was upset nt. last year's sale "of tho- Sb Albans yearlings, at which Mr. Robert OrrV matured jmlgmout induced him 10 iop the day's" . bidding for the wall eyed oolt by Trenton from Nightmare, with which ho and his. partner in the purchase, Mr. AVitiinai Bailey, won the Marihyinong Plate eight months afterwards. r That was a transaction whioh resuUod in bin profits nnd quick returns. ' : - Tho 11 colts catalogued -comprise represent'?.-' tiveg of the best and moat sueeessful blood iu tho colonies. Matador's full brother by New- minster — Constellation, with The Marquis on ono sirlo and Panio on the othor, combines cre dentials indicating both spcod and stamina, and the colt by Trenton from Lndy Disdain (sister to The Englishman) boasts an equally high lineage. A brown brother to Pounamu, by Newminstor from Nordonfclt's sister Boryl, has a pedigreo- literally studded with gems of the first water, and Eirhlspord is tho sire of 0 oolt from Busy Beo, who is nearly full sister to New minstor. Another colt whoso family connootions will direct special attention to him in tho ring is by Newminster from Woodnymph (Martini Henry's sister), and another' of Eiridspord's get is from the Panic mare Nina, granddam of Vakeel. Nothing In tho catalogue reads moro like galloping than tlia oolt by llobinson Crusoe from Pilgrimage, who might aptly be oalled Pilgrim Father, and tho colt by Robinson Crusoo from Elctisis is bound to elicit oritical inspection on account of his dam boing a daughter of the famous nnd unbeaten Barcaldine. A black colt by Robinson Crusoo from Lady Mardcn (imp.) also olaims for a dam a highly pedigroed matron, Lady Marden being by Marden (son of Hermit), from a maro by King Tom, out of a daughter of Thormnnby and the St, Loger winner Sunbeam. The oolt by Robinson Crusoo from Beau Ideal is closely related to Grand Brig, who before tho day of the sale may hare gained still greater fame than attaches to her recent successful performances ; and tho last oolt on the catalogue is by New minster from Pet Girl, who won 23 rnecs, and is by Rapid Bay from the Yattendon mare Brides maid, dam of the A.J.C. Derby winner Tren chant. Amongst the fillies, one whioli will be sure to attraot attention i3 by Trenton from Umiltn (Bister to Correze), and tho same sire is repre sented by fllliea from Lady Granville (half sister to Chester), Aura (sister to Sninfoin), Pardon (dam of Lady Betty), nnd Pearl Ash (the im ported daughter of Lord Olifdcn. The fillies by Eiridspord arc from Queen Ben (whose dam wnB Tom Kirk's sister), Solitude (dam of Ascot Vale) nnd Margaret (dam of St, Blaise). The fillies sired by Newminstor are out of Happy Land (dam of Hova), Zuleilcn (dam of Tho Rebel nnd Azim), Oceana (dnm of Froudo and grand- daughterof Briseis), Dorothy (sister to Quadrant), Bollissima(dnmof Kallistos),Buttercnp(daughter of Panio and Lady Susan), ' Naiad (sister to Le Loup and the peerless Lurlinc), Emmie daughter of Robinson Crusoo and Patron's dnm, Olga), and last, but not least, Mowerina (sister to Sir Joseph). Robinson CrU9oe claims five fillies, whose respective dams are Vaudeville (dam of Pingnra, Jack Robinson and Maroon), Eileen (dam of Vakeel), Hntasou (dam of Leviathan and Miss Albans) Spinning- dale (the grand old daughter of Mnri- byruong and Sappho and dam of Eiridsforde), and Phiz (dam of Tyros). The two remaining numbers in the catalogue arc fillies by First King from .Cbioo (sister to Middlemnreli, and by the same sjro from Tragedy (daughter of Hamlet). Histrionic associations suggest the fame of Gertrude— or Queen Gertrude— as an appropriate one for this young lady. Full par ticulars of every lot catalogued aro advertised in The Leader to-day. Mr. .John Eales's Duckenfield Park yearlings will be sold at Randwick during the A.J.O. Autumn Meeting. The catalogues which have been prepared contain 10 lots, of which no fewer than 15 are colts. They are by The Aus tralian Peer and Grandmaster, and are reported to be a first class lot. The A..T.G. Doncastor Handicap olosed an Monday with 99 entries, and the Sydney Cup with 52. There are 16 Victorian entries for the former event, and 15 for tho latter, including Carnage, Portsea, The Admiral nnd the Sailor Prinoe. Patron, Megaphone, Titan, Steadfast, Light Artillery, Sternohoser and The Possible are entered for both events, Mr. Miles and his staff woro busily engaged from early in the forenoon until 4 o'clock on Monday receiving the general entries for tho approaching V.ILO. Autumn Meeting, and as usual with similar matters at tho oflico of the premier club the least possiblo delay occurred after the closing of entries in the compilation, printing nnd publication of tho lists. The total of 530 is 64 less than last year, but as this repre sents an average deficit of less than four ontries per raoe tho result cannot bo considered other than highly satisfactory. At a timo when all things are dull and fiat and gonernl depression exists, racing, whioli for years past has boon svofully overdone, can hardly lie expeoted to prove the solitary exception. Tho result of Mon day's nominating was watohod with more than usual interest, it boing tho first day of genoral ontry for an autumn meeting of the V.R.C. under tiro alterod conditions which have substituted fixed valuos in stakes for added money. Considering all the surrounding oiroumstances, nobody could lmvo' been suffi ciently sanguine to expect last year's rcoord to be equalled, and with a falling off of less than four entries par race, tho V.E.O. committee have every reason for being thoroughly satisfied with the rosult of Monday's business. This year it had not only been considered ex pedient for tho whole of the entrance fees, ac ceptances and other payments to bo retained by zue oiuo, uue cue arsasrrous results oi ttie pre vious season had made strict ooonomy so impera tive that in 15 of the 18 events whioli closed yes terday the fixed valuos of the stakos woro 100 sovs. each less than the amounts whioli hnd foi- morly beon added and included with the sweepstakes in the prizo money. Of tho other three events the fixed amounts were respeotively 50 sovs., 150 sovs. and 300 sovs. less than the added moneys for 1893. The Essendon Stakes last year, as a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. oaoh, 2 forfeit, with 500 sovs. added, attraotod 16 entries. This year, with a fixed value of 350 sovs., and oosting 5 sovs. to start, 13 ontries have been received. For tho Steopleehasa last year a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. oaoli, half forfeit, with 800 sovs. added, 22 horses woro enterod, and for 1894, tho prize of 500 sovs., for whioh it will oost 7 bovs. to start, but only 2 sovs. to see the woights, instoad of 5 sovs., as formerly, 20 entrios have been I received. Those two races aro quoted because | their valuos have been muoli moro substantially reduced tlinn any others, and the result in eaoh case is highly gratifying. Thcro is a marked fallingoff in both hurdle raoes; butin the longest lists tlio present season's figures arc deoidedly satisfactory. Thus, for instance, tho Bruns wick StakeB shows a doficienoy of only one, the respective numbers boing 41 for this year and 42 for 1893. In the Bourke Handioap 65 against 67 is not a difference to cause alarm, while tho Free Handicap, with 42 against 41, has '.'gono up one." The heaviest item on tho list is always the Farewell Handicap, for whioh there wero 62 ontries last year and 68 last Monday. The biggest deoreaso is in the Second Hurdle Race, whioh has fallen from 36 to 22, nnd the Gelding Han dicap, with a rise from 28 to 37, shows the greatest increase. The marked feature of the lists, whioh appear clsowhero, will bo found at a glance to be the absence of entries from other colonics, which is moro notiooable than in any former year within tho .recollootion of tho present generation. Tho strongest array of high olass talent is cortainly in the All Aged Stakes. Megaphone has been entered for several races, Redlenp for the Hurdle Race and Steeplc- ohasc, and Carnage for the All Agod Stakes and Loah Plate, in addition to whioh he was pre viously engaged in tho St. Loger, Australian Cup and Champion Stakos. The following list shows tho general entries for the minor autumn events for tho last five years :— Race. 18901891189218931894 Hopeful Stakos 21 31 39 31 23 Essomton Stakes .. ..12 9 22 16 13 Brunswick Stnkes .. .. 35 46 62 42 41 Maiden Stakes 28 21 22 17 14 Hurdle Race 18 29 22 28 16 Junior Handicap .. .. 43 45 68 45 33 Bonrko Ilnndicap .. .. 77 73 82 67 65 Second Hurdle Race .. .. 20 31 30 36 22 Nursery Handicap ,. .. 38 35 48 34 32 Autunm Handicap .. .. 26 32 43 25 22 Welding Handicap .. ..11 9 13 28 37 Free Handicap 47 67 56 41 42 All Aged Stakes .. .. 28 29 32 31 28 Unplaced Two-year-old Stakes 19 23 28 24 22 Placo Handicap .. .. 21 33 33 31 18 Steeplechase 9 17 24 22 20 Loch Plato 10 13 17 14 10 Farowell Handicap .. .. 84 73 85 62 68 547 606 716 '59l" 53p" 'Formerly called tho Sjiocinl Juvonilo Stakes and Special Gelding Ilnndicap. The Yiotoria Amateur Turf Club's meeting to be hold on Saturday, the 24th Inst., will olaim the attention of owners ou Monday next, when general ontrios olose at tile office, Bourko-strect. Tho Oakleigii Plate and Purse havo already closed with 84 entries, and will doubtless again prove a great attraction to tho public, and entries have also been made for the Alma Stakes, for which 53 2-year-olds woro nominated. The romaining events 011 the programme, for which Mr. Smith will receive entries to-day, aro as follow : — Handicap Hurdle Race, 100 sovs., about ono milo and a half ; Handioap Steeple chase, 130 sovs., about two milos, and Hawks- burn Handicap, 130 sovs., ono mile. In tho Steeplechase and the Hawksburn Handicap the eooond horse will receive 20 sovs. and tho third 10 sovs., and therefore, as the winners' net gaiu will be less than 100 sovs. in oaoh oase, they will bo exempt from penalisa tion at tho V.R.C. Autumn Meeting. This is a consideration whioh will doubtless fnvorably affect tho entries, especially for the Hawksburn Handioap, for whioh n particularly imposing list of ontrants may be antioipatod. Mr. Haydon will reooivo ontrios on Monday for tho next meeting to be hold at Sundown Park, ou Thursday, 22nd inst. Tlio'programme is of an interesting oliaraoter, containing, as usual, six races. Tho Trial Stakes, of 40 sovs., fivo furlongs, is open only to horses that havo never rcocivod a stako of moro than 40 sovs. from any ono race, and the other conditions so enhance the chances of the second r&to; and un- ried oont ingont as to offer them special induoo- ments to enter, ns the winnor of any fiat rnco has to carry 7 lb. penalty, and of two or more suoli races 12 lb. penalty, whilo maidens and geldings aro allowed 5 lb. and inares 3 lb. Under those conditions it will bo soon that a mare liko Grand Brig would have to carry 9 st. 2 lb. and n 2-year-old maiden filly 5 st. 8 lb., leaving a margin of exactly 50 lb. Tho Spring Vale Plato nnd Pnrso is a divided handioap of 80 sovs., split into two oqual stakes and constituting two races, each Bix furlongs, on the principle of tho Onkieigh Plato and Pnrso nnd , tho Moonee Valley Oup and Purse. A handicap flat rnco of 50 sovs., one milo nnd three-quarters, for hurdlo racers and stecplcohasers, follows, then a selling plate of 80 sovs., six furlong, and the Sandown Park Handicap, of 50 bovs., one milo. Mr. Haydon announocs that Mr. J. B. Scott's Excolsior starting apparatus, which was so suc cessful at tho last Sanclown Park mooting, will l-o used to start the Spring Vale Plato and Purse and tho Selling Pinto. Mr. Oox will receivo ontries on Monday for tho following oventsto be riinundortheuuspiocs of the Marlbynong Raolng Club at Mooneo Valloy on Saturday, 17th inst., by permission of the V.R.C. oommittee, who reoently consented to tho oourso being ohangod In ooneoquenee. of improvements being effected at Maribyrnong ; — Two and Three-Year-Old Handioap, of 50 sovs., fivo furlongs ; Selling Hurdlo Raco, 50 sovs., one milo and a hnlf ; Coooanut Handioap, 50 sovs., fivo furlongs and a half; Navigator Handicap, 50 bovs., five furlongs (for 14.1 ponies); Selling Flat Race, 50 sovs., fivo fur- longs, and Fishhook Handicap, 50 sovs., ono mile. uapitaiists wno may ieol disposed to go iu for breeding thoroughbred stoolc should romembor that tho well known Aloxloa Estate in Gipps- land is advertised to bo sold next Tuesday, 13 inst., by Messrs. A. M'Loan mid Co., of Salis bury-buildings, Bourke-strcct, nnd of Mnffra, from whom nil particulars may bo ascertained. Containing 2919 aores on tho Mitchell River, near Bairusdalc, Alexlea comprisos some of the ohoiocst parts of the famed Lindonow Flat, upon whioh a number of tho stoutest horses over foaled in Australia first saw the light. As a rare bit of fattening country this favorably situated ostato would for its size be hard to boat in any part of tho world. Further evidence has beon forthcoming during the week of baokersnot being yet pre- pared to opornte on the leading events of the approaching V.R.O. Autumn Mooting, lho Nowmarkot Handicap oard was road simul taneously at tho two betting clubs at 1.30 on Monday,' without any important wagering boing recorded.' At tho Viotorian Club tho backers presont showed no disposition to bet, but at Bowes's Tattorsall'd busi ness to a limited cxtont was rcoorded in connection with a few horsos engaged in tho Nowmarkot Handicap, Gaillardia's Goo- long viotory found hcra supporter who accepted 100 to 3, and the same price would have boon takon about Parrainatta, but no better offer than 100 to 4 was forthcoming. Several hun dreds wero accepted about Fortunatus nt 100 to 4, whioh prioe was afterwards asked for but was not forthcoming. Stornchaser's nutumn mission is evidently still a matter of uncertainty, for although it has generally been thought that tho Australian Cup will bs his journey, the big Bon of Nordcnfolt found support to the extent of about £600 for tho Nowmarkot Handioap at about 100 to 3. The withdrawal of Havoo probably accounted for bis stable com panion, Repudiation, finding a baoker at 100 to 2\. The card has been read later in the week without leading to further business. Mr. IV. R. Wilson's oolt Havoo, brothor to Zalinski, was withdrawn from the Nowmarkot Handicap on Monday. Mr. J. H. Davis, owner of Woorayl, has, in accordance with the suggestion made by tho Sandown Park stewards, appealed to the V.R.O. committee against the deoision of the former body in dismissing his protest against Pennant, winnor of the Trial Handicap run at the last Sandown Park meeting. Mr. Davis's appeal has been lodged in order to obtaiu an authoritativo ruling from headquarters, as the Sandown Park stewards considered that tho rules wero some- wlint vague concerning tho matter in dispute. Peacock 1ms beon withdrawn from the V.A.T.O. Oakleigh Purse. The ex- Viotorian Lord Plausible had to play seoond fiddle to Over in the Moorefield Hurdle Race on Saturday. Bliss was considered a really good thing for the Moorefiold Tramway Handicap, though thore wero no fowerthnn 22 starters. The winner, how ever, turned up in tho light weighted Albecore, with Olnrine and Iduna in tho places, all three being outsiders. : Barnaby Rudge and Ballater wero thought to hold a lien between them over the Moorefield Handioap, but Veno upset all calculations, win ning easily from Ballator and Utter. Tho imported horse His Revercnco has evi dently improved considorobly since lie left Flemington. On Saturday he supplemented recent good displays by oarrying 9 at. 9 lb. and winning the Moorefield Stewards' Mile easily. Our Adelaide correspondent telegraphs that, consequent upon the suppression of betting in the ring, about £700 more than on the coires- ponding day of last year passed through the totalizator at the Summer meeting of tho Adelaide Raoing Club on Saturday, notwith standing a vory tnodornte attendance. The full programme for the annual meeting of tho St. Arnnud Turf Club, whioli takes place on Wednesday, 28th inst,, will be found else where. Nominations for all haudicaps, includ ing tho distanoe handicap trot, close 011 Wednes day next, tho 14th inst., with tho secretary, Mr. F. H. Crook, Napier-street, St Amend. The South Elmoro Jockey Club will hold a mooting on Wednosduy, 28th inst Tho Hawkoshury Autumn Handicap closed on Monday with 38 entries, and tho Rowley Mile with 53, which numbers are very satisfactory. Owners of horses engnged in tho Y.A.T.O. Oakleigh Plato and Pnrso aro reminded that tho first acceptance of 2 sovs. is duo and must be paid at the Y.A.T.C. oflico 011 Monday. "Three Star has been withdrawn from the V.A.T.O. Alma Stnkes. Tho seoretary of tho Sandown Park Raoing Club notifies that thore is 110 acceptance for tho Spring Vale Plate and Purse, in commotion with whioh it was incorrectly announced that thore was an aeceptanco of 2 sovs. For tho oonvouionoe and ncoommodation of trainers having horses ongagod in tho Oakleigh Plate nnd Purso and tho Newmarket Handicap nnd Australian Cup, the oourso proper at Caul- field will be nvnilablo for galloping 011 T'uosday and Thursday noxt wook and tho week follow ing, from daylight until nonn. This is a conces sion which will be duly appreciated by tho Caul- field trainers. Sport of a novel oliaraoter was enjoyed on Tuesday nnd Wednesdny by anglers and others who liappeued to bo on or near tho Saltwater River. A porpoiso hnd come up from tho Bay, and on Mondny night was seen near tho Mnri- byinong-bridge. Several shots fired only had the effect of sending tho strange visitor further up tho river, nnd playing havoo with tho bream fishing. On Tuesday tho wanderer was discovered as high up as Solomon's Ford, and weapons of vnrioua descriptions wore brought to bear upon him to 110 purposo. Rll11rttu. gllnliO fttul otnnu wam lt A.. > , - — - iu uy uvery tirnc tho bulky form was seen to como up for a "blow," but apparently without elfcot— that Is to any, with no offcot on tho porpoise, though it is said that ono of the gunners " winged " a pig whioh was feeding on tho bank, whether by nooident or through tho marksman supposing that tho porpoise— whioh is not uulikoapig about the head — had taken to tlio land in Ids dilommn is not known. At the olose of tho day all tlio availablo ammunition had been exhausted and tho porpoise still lived. The ourious oiroumstance is not without precedent a similar visit having beon made some years ago, when a marine raomitor of like dosoriptlon kept tho local sports at work for throe days beforo the coup de grace was administered by a well directed or luoky shot. On that occasion a well known sport started laying £1 to Is against oaoh shot, and made a little pile out of his tbroo days' curious fielding. As reading the Nowmarkct Handioap card has failed to induce speculation, idle ringmen might take tho hint but should tho happy despatch of the visitor not havo boon effected by this time it is to bo foarod that t|le marksmen (I), even if their replenished stock of ammunition" has not been exhausted, may, liko tho porpoiso, dceliuo to nccopt evon " long shots." If there had only boon a pair of porpoises what a Bplondid book might havo boon mado 011 "this and the noxt." Mr. IV. 8. Cox has appoared in tho new rile of a litigant. The proprietor of tho Moonoo Valloy oourso has commenced proceedings against tho Essendon oounoil, olaiming £20,000 as rocompen'so for injury alleged to have boon done to the Moonee Valley racecourse by certain drainago works carried out by the council aud said to havo injuriously sffcotod tho courso by water. It is further alleged that by tho aot of tho counoil's omploytSs a further nuisance has been caused, whioh has prevented people visiting tho oourso on raeo days. On Tuesday Sir Hartley Williams rofused nii . application to havo tho case hoard boforea jury, and it will thoreforo bo doalt.with'by ono of tho judges of the Supremo Court. It is rumored that tho Sydney hurdlo rncers, Barzan and Anarrnw, nro likely to go to India; A gentleman in Sydney lias adopted as an assumed raoing name " Mr. T. Simpleton." Tho Sydney Daily . Telegraph announoes that W. Kelso, jun., will in future ride for Mr. W. A. Long when tho weight suitB. Kolso, who during the Inst. few seasons has put on a lot of weight, is one- of the best horsemen in Aus tralia, but his pljysical development necessitates his mount- being always at or near tho top of tho weights in' liandioaps. ' Dunediu was- withdrawn from the V-A.T.O. Oakleigh Purse on Tuesday. It'is gratifying to hear that tho doctors at St. Vinoent's Hospital are now hopoful of saving tho log of Longford, tho well known stoople ohaso rider, Longford broke his leg at tho rocont meeting of tho Sydney Turf Club through Cardigan II. failing, and it was at first feared that amputation would bo necessary. An adjourned meeting of those Interested in the lieivly 'formed raoo olub nt Warragul was hold at the shire hall on Mondny, when it was decided to consult the shiro council and the Agricultural Society rc the proposal to form a running courso on tho show ground and adjoin ing reserve, and also to obtain levels and cost of the proposed improvements. A fooling has existed for in long time past that a town of tho importance and size of Warragul ought to possess a rnoeequrse, And at last tho suggestion is taking a dofinite shape. At the noxt mooting it is oxpoctcd that something final will be douo about the .selection of a course. Edward Power, whose success in tho saddle at the animal racing carnival in Tasmania is proverbial, has oxcelled himself this year, having both trained and ridden Amndeus, tho winner of the Launceston Cup on Thursday. Last year Powor took the son of Mozart nnd Sauoy in hand, and on metropolitan oourses in this colony ho has frequently shown the possession of pace. Mr. O. Krushka, tho owner of Amadcus, is ono of the best known sportsmen in Tnsmania, with whom Power has been associ ated . in many former successes. Yesterday Power followed up his success by winning the Tnsmanian Turf Club Handioap on Wolf, another horse trained by himself. Wolf, by Commotion— Quality,' was bred by the late Mr. Pearson, and, it .will be remembered, ran in his oolora'for tho Victoria Derby 01 1892. Mr.-Mayger's programme for the Epsom meet ing to be held on Tuoaday, 20th inst., is as follows 1— Welter. Handicap, 50 sovs. , ono milo ; Hurdlo Race, 50 sovs., ono milo and a half ; Epsom Hniulicap, 40 sovs., fivo furlongs and n half ; Steopleohase, 50 kovs., about two miles; Novel.Sclling Raoo, 60' sovs., six furlongs ; and Mordialloo Handicap, 50 sovs., one mile and a quarter. Entries closo next Monday. The committee of tho A. J.O. have decided that in future all visiting mombers of tho V.R.C. shall, on payment of tlio ontrnnoo fco to tho Raud- wick saddling paddock, receive a ticket en titling them to free ndmission to tho official stand nnd other, inside reserves for members. Tho law- respecting betting— or possibly tho interpretation thereof— nppoara to be somewhat mixed and nndoniably unsatisfactory, as recent events linvo clearly shown. It may bo, no doubt is in fact,.atlvisablo to discourage gamb ling, but a statuto whioli fines heavily and eventually hunts out of existonoo tho betting shopkeeper (who is usually a solid man and pays up promptly), but whioh cannot roaoh the itinerant individual who in tho prosecution of his nefarious tirade haunts tlio pavement, has no fixed "place," and may with his pockot full of tlio gold and silver of unsophisticated fools go hcnco at any moment nnd be no more seen, is suroly a ridiculous legal anomaly whioli calls for some netion by tho Crown law authorities. When tlio last mail loft England there were 70 horses remaining in tho Two Thousnud Guineas Stakos, nnd, as the following figures show, vory few of them were notable 2-yonr-old performers; Lord Rosebory's colt, Ladas, who is winter favorite for tho Derby, won four races last year, Speed and Matohbox won three oaoh ; Dumbarton, Sempronius, Ilium nml Alfieri two eaoh ; Cellini, King Oharibort, St, Hilaire, Sal- tator, Priestholmo, Theseus, Whorwell and Stowmarkot one oaoh, and the other 55 are maidens, and as 30 of thorn have never yet raced in public tlioro may. possibly bo a rod in piokle for Ladas, Matohbox and Co. There are 60 fillioB in the Ono Thousand Guineas, not n singlo oue of whioh oan boast a record of more winning than losing starts for last season. Mecca, by Iaonomy— Pilgrimage, trained by J. Day at Newmarket, howevor, won thrco races and lost threo as a 2-year-old. Tho principal Bpring entrios for important coming events in England are slightly less numerous than those received 12 months pre viously. The Lincolnshire Handicap has exaotly tho same number as last year (71) the Grand National Steopleohase shows a falling off of 8, tho City and Suburban of 10, Great Motro- politan 5 and ICompton Jubilee Stakes 7. Although tho Chester Oup has been greatly in creased, in yalue, tl10 entries reoeived wero only 44, against'50 for 1893. At the District Court on Thursday, Georg Adams, Isaao Hart and Alfred EIHb wero charged under seotion 49 of the Polioo Offenocs Aot, with- usine a shop in Union-lano, off Bourkc-streot, together with 7717 tlio adjacent footpath, for botti,,, " 01 contingency of a horse raoo n "" shown in evidence that tho ' >1 1 " carried on a totalisator, and in ord«?t the law issued tickets on horsos in lho If, oollootcd tlio amount of tho bst , ' pi111 tomers in the street. Mr. O A. e,„ T prosecuted for the Crown, character' t practice as a very clover attempt to evil J' law. : Mr. S. Lyons, who roprosentod K defendants, hold that as tho bets were nit m 5' 11 the shop, but in the public street, no had boon disclosed. Mr. Nicolson, ft although dissenting from tho verdict, announce! that a majority of the honorary mugim"! agrcod that tho information did not ,! within the provisions of the act, and heT missed the case. 1 The stewards of the Watohom Racing Club have rooonsidorod their decision regard! I! protest against Poppleton at the rocont races f« riding Oaldicott off tho hurdles. IWloton H still disqualified for 12 months, but not the horse Firelock as was previously decided. Thomas Mullen, a well known English jockey died on New Year's day from the effects of , fall received six days previously when following tho Nowmarkot drag hounds. Mullen's horn fell with bim, and from the first but little hope was entertained of tho recovery of the unfoitu- nato jookoy, whoso skull was fractured, tho horse kioking him as ho was rising. Hi, remains were followed to the grave by a largo numborof representative sportsmen. Amongit other successes Mullen won tho Ohester Cup on Daro Devil, Northumberland Plate on New- court, Leioastersliire Royal HandicaponRustiee Doveridge Handioap at Derby an Lower Boy, ManohoatcrOup on Sancrotka, and North Derby (Nowoastle) on Son of a Gun. Afowmonlhs back some particulars woro given in The Ait of a terribly Bovero experience Mullen bid when riding the mad headed and vloious King Charles for tho Northumberland Plate, the colt oharging the rails, throwing Mullen amongit tho spectators, and then going on tideilui finishod first, aftor whioh ho jumped the nils and disappeared into a neighboring wood. Tho stewards of the English Jockey Club have not limited their prohibition of hotting to jookoys, but havo further givon notice tbst " henceforth no lioonoo will be granted by them to any official except on the distinct under standing that ho docs not ongage in any betting transaction." Tho death is announood of "Bat" Murphy, a well known and liberal supporter of rowing and boxing in England. His name was u familiar as a household word to tlio sportsmen of the East End, and ho brought to the front, amongst others, tho English sculler George Perkins, who beat Neil Matterson and Peter Kemp on the Thames for the Sportsman Chal lenge Cup. The following item of English racing intelli gence will bo read with some interest in connec tion with recent turf legislation in this colony "The stewards of tho Jockey Olnb, observing that many jockeys have boon in tho habit of hotting on horse raoing, and of reoeiviug pre sents in connection with raoes from persons other than the ownsr of tho horse they ride in such races, give notico that suoh practices will not bo tolerated, and that any jookey who may be provod, to their satisfaction, to havo nny intorest in nny raoohorse, or to have baen engaged iu any betting transaction, or otherwiso to have disregarded this notice, will have bio licence at once withdrawn. Any person knowingly noting in the capacity of pad owner or trainer of auy horse in which a jockey possesses any intorest, or making nny bet with, or on bolialf of, any jookey, or otherwise aiding or abetting in any breach of the orders of the stewards, will be warned elf Newmarket Heath." 