LONDON WEEK BY WEEK. fWMTTES ASD IlirSTBATED BY HaEEY FcBXISS. OF 'Po'CH.'! London, January 4. For many years I have received an invitation to the annual function of the cutting of the 'Baddeley Cake at Drury-laue on Twelfth. Sight. The first, I recollect, took place in the reign of Chattel ton, and was a very different nlfair to the revel of Druriolanus ; as a matter of fact, it was more in keening with the ideas of JJaddeley, the originator ana aonor, Viho leifc in his will an amount ot money sufficient to supply the clown and his fellow- pantomimists with a slice of cake and a glass of wine each Twelfth. Xi«ht. The little gathering took place in the greenroom of the theatre. The clown cut the cake, and~the hard worked girls and comedians eat ifc and drank the wine. They toasted Baddeley ; all was over in a few minutes, »nd it was a rare thing to find a stranger taking ai»y part in the merry little celebra tion. But now is the age of theatrical advertisement. The pantomime crowd is turned out with the footlights, and its members have trudged through the snow and are enjoying their kipper and 'arf- and-'arf in their modest lodgings before the theatre, which they have just vacated, is converted into a palace of reception. AX THE FASX0:iI3IE — A C05T1IAST, AX THE FASX0:iI3IE — A C05T1IAST, Invitations have been issued to hundreds, including the leading stars of the legitimate drama, peers, poets, artists, Ambassadors, members of Parliament — even members of the London County Council — the Press, and a good slice of the public. The effect is magnificent. Druriolanus does not do things by halves, and this ceremony is the most attractive spectacle of the sesson. The cake is colossal, champagne flows freely, speeches are made. The music strikes up, and 'duncing is kept' up until a late hour.' But I liked the little gathering in the greenroom best, and I have no doubt that Baddeley turns in his grave at the modern innova tion, but as I am a member of the Thirteen Club I unfortunately cannot interview the good man's ghost and make known his opinion. This year, however, the crowd was not invited in consequence or oir Augustus Druriolanus being unfortunately unwell, so, after all, the gathering was more like those of the old times. That fraud, the begging fireman, who year after year goes from door to I'.oor in our London suburbs, dressed as a genuine lighter of the liames and asking for Christmas boxes for the members of the Fire Brigade, has been at his old tricks again this week, and, although the bona-Sde fireman and the police warn householders of these frauds in borrowed plumage, the foolish and the benevolent give their money, fill in the bogus subscription-books, and encourage these fraudulent scoundrels. 1b was, therefore, with unalloyed delight that I received from a domestic the information that the fireman had called for his subscription. 'Genuine?' I asked. 'I doubt it, sir.' I was just waiting for a crucial test. 'Has he an overcoat on?' 'Yes, sir.' 'Then tell him he cannot be genuine ; the London County Council only recognise firemen without overcoats.' The fellow promptly fled. This is a nine to other householders who are annually bothered with this pest. Should this meet the eye of the subscription-begging fiend, he will in all probability arrive as your front door shivering and overcoatl9ss — so beware ! THE BOGUS FISCMAJf. THE BOGUS FISCMAJf. The discourses of men of science in the Lonaon Institution are not always m keeping with, outside events ; but as far as the title was concerned there was a peculiar fitness in Professor Dewar'a last lecture, 'Liquid Air and its Coldness,' for the day of the lecture happened to be the coldest we have experienced for many years — snow was thick on the ground, and the extreme severity of the weather was the all-absorbing topic of the day. Every one wanted to know some facts about it. Here, in this lecture was a chance ; but, alas, as the Professor explained, the atmo spheric conditions could not have been bsfcter combined to hamper him in his work. lie naa had days of anxiety — ail the waterpipes in his house had burst and the gasmeter was frozen. This is indeed a case of ' Physician, heal thyself'/' and must afford a certain gratification 'to ordinary mortals. Surely if any one could prevent the burst ing of waterpioes and freezing of gasme'ers in the house it is those scientific men v.-fco lecture upori 'Liquid Air and its Coldness,' &c.; Had the most interesting and clever Professor left this sub ject alone and given practical ' JCVEXILES' AT THE LOXDOX INSTITCTIOX. ' JCVEXILES' AT THE LOXDOX INSTITCTIOX. advice upon such domestic matters all London would have rushed to hear biui. At this time of the year his lectures are for juveniles, and there is nothing more popular in London. A few evenings a«jo I was talking to Professor Dewar about the delight these lectures give. '* Yes,' said he, ' but it is the old people who never mits one. Keally I believe the secret of long life is to attend the lectures of the London Insti tution ; people who go to them never die — they are children at eighty and ninety years of age.r- It is a pretty but absurd idea on the part of a contemporary to suggest that our Royal Academicians, for the benefit of th.9 unemployed, should model snow figures in a public park. On the (Oontinent, where artists are artists for art's sake, and 'not a narrow commercial clique, such a thing is possible, indeed has been carried out with great success in Brussels. The R.Ai's and A.R.A.'s are not the men to do this in a public park. They might model a few in the yard of Burlington House, and invite oufc Biders to do the bulk of the work, and only open the gates if the shillings went into the coffers of their Society, as they do in the spring. There is nothing for the sake of SNOW FIGUKES Ef TAKLTAriEXT. SNOW FIGUKES Ef TAKLTAriEXT. art in their annual Exhibitions — if; is all for themselves. There is nothing for the people — it; is all for their own pockets ; so it is perfectly ridiculous to expect veteran Academicians to shine in the snow whilst manu'acturing monstrosities for charity when in the height of the festive season. They will not open their doors for any object of the sort. After all it would not be a bad idea for members of Parlia ment to amuse themselves during the winter by modelling snow figures on the terraca to pass the time during the protracted Committees. The Premier, with spade and 3xe, could no doubt model a beautiful figure of Erin representing Home Kale, Mr. Fowler a Parish Councils Bill, and Sir William Harcourfc the most colossal of Budgets. They would last as long as the snow, melt away with the first ray of sunshine, and the occupation would be far more healthy than that of sitting in the stuffy House. it is the custom now for the papers to publish a Jaily list of distinguished patients. Curing the last few days I have been scanning these lists carefully to see how the old lady of Threadneedle-street is after the terrible shock she received last week from the attack upon her by Mr. A. J. Wilson, Editor of the In rest or/ Heview, and a man whose authority on City matters is unquestioned. Nothing more sensational has been published fcr nianj a long day. It touches Englishmen in a way nothing else possibly could ; it touches their pockets and their faith in the dear old lady. It tends to dispel that time-honoured phrase, 'as safe as the Bank of England.' Some may perhaps think tbat Mr. Wilson, like the fat boy in ' Pickwick/' only wanted to niako the old lady's tiesh creep. At any rate he has made her millions of ad mirers and believers open their eyes and start with as tonishment. Ib can do no harm, and it may do a lot of good ; but for the present the ideal, firm, businesslike, infallible, revered commercial woman of Thread needle-street is renorted by Dr. Wilson, the expert, to THE PARALYT.lt.' OLD LAI:V THE PARALYT.lt.' OLD LAI:V of THREAi^'EEDLE-sn:EET. be nothing more than a 'paralytic old lady. His bulletins will ba read with the deepest interest by a country whose commercial stability depends upon this old lady — a country, too, that is sadly alarmed by the doctor's sensational report, coining a3 it does at a time when two- thirds of the old lady's children are in anything but a healthy state. Among uraraatists it nas necoics tue fashion to attack a certain section of the Press, which is very awkward for the I critics, and, I venture to think, not very judicious. That supreme satirist, Mr. W. I S. Gilbert, holds society journalism up to ridicule in his new opera at the Savoy, and dow Mr. Grundy goes for the theatrical critics in his play produced At the Garrick on Saturday night. The theatres have the whip hand. As Mr. Grundy points out, not in this play, but in his book on the theme of his other play, 'Sowing the Wind,' if you slate a play you lose the advertisements. In many offices tbo advertising agent is to bo consulted before the Editor or the Manager. 1 had this brought homa to me quite recently by one of our most versatile and popular theatri THE OLD JEW. THE OLD JEW. cal critics. W hy do you praise everything .'' I asked. 'Because I must. It i don't they will get some one else to write the criticisms. The advertising agent kicks up a row, and, old fellow, it won't do to run down a piece and expect the advertisements from tho theatre.' 'The Old Jew,' the subject of Sir. Grundy s play, is designed to break down the stupid, impossible, triple- hatted, despicable old Hebrew which the theatres have educated the public to believe is the true type of the chosen race. The new type of dramatic critic will probably follow in the next play. ? EOYALTY rSDEUC.EOO'D. EOYALTY rSDEUC.EOO'D. Wonders will never cease ! ' H.H.H. the Prince of Wales travelled on the UndeiP~ ground Railway last Satur day for the first time, but the special reason of his so doing is not revealed. Is he going in for surprises, having taken a leaf out of the eccentric book of his erratic nephew, the Emperor of Germany :? His experiment on the Under ground was not impromptu, but prepared. Red carpets were laid down for him to tread on, and bunting was hung to re lieve the dulness of the smoky tunnel ; and no doubt sanitas was sprinkled about, and bouquets presented to the distinguished visitor. Then the station was Baker-street, which is a new one, and the journey was into the country instead of being citywards under the warehouses. Kow, his crowned nephew would have selected Gower-street at C- p.m., and travelled through the city in a third-class carriage inco-jnito. He would then have acquired some knowledge of the sulphurous subway, of which his beloved uncle still remains in ignorance. 