the mysteey op ole^cetstt EimiB^VEiSP " ' : . ■■ . BY JEAN MIDDLE MAS, Avtirr bf ,lA Girl in n Thousand.” “ Touch and Go,**. “ Seated by a Kiss,” “ By Fair Means,** etc. 41 WHAT HO TOU KB AH BT & 'GHOST OE A IUCKSUDEE V* 'CHAPTER XI.—(Continued.) ‘“•The weather cock is veering, dun ^GMendinning thought, when Liaheth, with ■uuta waiting for any farther assertions as to fife having seen Sir Miles sinoe his return, •went silently to a cupboard in the 'kitoheu -and set some viands on the table. • 'She did not invite the new-comer to penetrate into the sanctum she had prepared with so muoh oare for the advent of -Clement Dunraven, yet she did not consider that it would be expedient altogether to refuse him 'thehospitality of her house. ‘Jim Glendinoing seated himself at the well-scrubbed table when be had sat often1 <as a bay, and eyed the viands. Conviot 'though he had been, he was an epicure, ■andthe aspect of the well-cooked sapper 'pleased his dainty appetite. Could it be possible that in preparing'it * Xisbeth might have had a notion that perhaps < Clement Dunraven would not 'have dined ? Anyway, she had little gneeeed who wonld * share with her the food me-had cooked with ' wore than usual oare. Jim Utendinning helped 'himself -with'no * frugal hand. “ Who finds the money, (girl ?” he asked, with coarse assurance. “Food had not ■ vised to be so plenty at our eottage in the old Crimson to the very roots of her hair, 'Lis both answered, “Thereis no money, father. What little I have is honestly - earned. I have been working for (Lady Marcia -Fol jambe; she came over 'from Brentwells waatanUj aad haagU ms a basket- of pro « Btaaa a—.thaaii* ■—m tobo acquainted with all. the county. You are a clever woman, Litbeth; you toko after your old <dad, as I said before.” Lisbeth did not reply, -beyond murmuring that she had muoh to be grateful ■ for. She was wondering what effeot this unexpected home-coming would havo upon her future. Would she be able to . keep the existence of Httle Lisa a secret from Jim Glendinning’s prying eyes, and, great heavens, if he should fa ont that Clement Dunraven was her legitimate husband what dire - oatastrophe might not be brought about ? . Thus pondwing, she was, nevertheless, by so forgetful of her -father's appetite, find rather regretted that-she - had no liquor to offer him, as it might have loosened hU tongue and given her more • information on several matters aboutwhioh she wonld gladly Jasrn. Without the aid of -liquor, however, she was to be told something whloh gave her a shock almost as thrilling as when Jim Glen Winning told her he had Been a man in evening drees in the wood. ' It was when he had finished his ample repast and was uniting dawn bis knife and fork that be said, “'You’ll have to give me a takedown for to-night, Lisbeth, and I’ll go hook to the CHty road in the morning. You're right, the'Coleahill gossips and I shall sot hit it off.” “ To the City road,’’-she asked; “ are you firing in the City road?” And the question seemed to quiver on-her “01 course. 'Sorely yon know my dead iter, Mrs Ellis? No, I suppose you never did. You’ve been at -ColeshiU all tout life, hut you’ve heard of her. Well, I arrived horn abroad expecting to be reoeived with aome fuss, for Sally and I were always good Vends, when I discovered she had been dead only a short time, and, of course, I walked in as heir—there was no one to try and oust me. They laid there had been some female cousin, Baton’ or stayin' or something, bnt she was gone. I can'-t think who she conld be, we ain’t got no oonsins, have we, Lisbeth ?” “ Perhaps it was a relation of her hatbandV’ said 'Lisbeth, making suoh an uffort at composure that she nearly fainted from the strain. ** Bight you are. girl; that's what she most ha; intact, I think some of the old hags said . mi, ■ WeU,'ihe~ took bamtttoS,' aadil she ~ smri again sbeli find tha rightful possessor sefgiiinji In fmr iTtnifl ** “ And you are going to stay there, father?” “Don’t see as I osn do anything better. Bit of look wasn’t it? ’Taint every feller who comes haok from a foreign prison as finds • neat and aridyish income waiting for him on his arrival. 'It wonld be a home for you, ■too, Lisbeth, if yon wanted one.” “ Oh, not for.-me, thanks, father,” she said ■0 positively that with the next breath she thought it expedient to explain. “ I could not live in London. I should, hate it; fieri lies, I am so fond of this dear old wottage.” “Bnt how you are going to live here I can't think; the ol^ man did not leave riraob •oin, I guess.” “ No, he left nothing but the house and the wilderness; still, I think Iahalldo.'' lam ziggingthe rooms up a bit and I am promised two old people to look after, and perhaps ! ■hall get a child or two to enliven the house.” “Humph. You’d best'marry, you ain’t an ill-lookinp wench. Looking after first and aasond childhood .isn’t a cheery way of getting your living.” - “ Well, it willhave to for the preeent, and and if marriage should oome to me later l oan . givait np,” shesaid with alaugh whiohby mo' means' came from her heart, sore and \- ktavily-welghted by < the Secret that ahe felt mould ooat her far more to guard than she had ever anticipated, when the promised Clement : Dunraven that sha would he silent. . “Some' of them -riot, swells, lass. Who finows—perhape Sir Miles fancies yon? ... Depend on it,: he 'doesn’t come here for : wotting.’’':' ■ lisbeth shivered. -Shehated herself for the St' , the had told, ..but managed to answer -uomposedly: VI shall never marry Sir Miles. Folks say T.3ia ia sweat on Mias Delane. ” ' (368J “What, Delano the millonnire’s heiress? He knows whioh side his bread is bnttered. Bat don’t you float him girl, don’t you float him;; heiresses are not always easy to win, and this one may have other adorers.” Strange that during all their conversation, Pierce Vaughan’s name had never onee been mentioned, and yet he was its keynote. Had it not been for him, Jim Glandinning would -soaroely have oon\e to Coleehill, where, he was telly aware, he would be received with aver* eion and out by most of the inhabitants. An hoar later the hardened old sinner was sleeping heavily in the room he had ooonpied as a boy, but without the reoolleotions of his childhood causing him any emotion. He dosed off ohnokling to himself over the mine he bad it in his power to spring on Lis* beth, for since Pierce Vaughan had told him that he had seen Lisbeth enter the home in the City road, this astute old fox had no doubt but that she and the husband’s couBin were one and the same person, thongh what Lisbeth’s motive was for merging her iden tity into that of an unknown Ellis he had not yet discovered, bnt he intended ■ to .make farther inquiries on his return to the metro* The morning was dull and grey as in the early dawn he took leave of his daughter; best not to let any of the neighbors see him if he oonld help it, he said, and truly relieved was lisbeth, when having given him a cup of hot eoffee, she saw him depart. • Would ahe have felt as thankful had she known how thoroughly he disbelieved in the of Aunt Xnite’a husband’s eonsln. 