NEW ZEALAND NOTES. Bt Yorick. DUNEDIN, Aug. 16. The discussion on the financial statement has been a rather dreary affair throughout. As is nearly always the case, the first half dozen speeoheB covered all the ground, and the rest were mere variations on the same themes. The andaoiouB pretence of the Government—for they are still keeping it up —that they are carrying on a policy of no borrowing and self-reliance came in for its due share of attention, even at the hands of Government supporters, who felt it necessary to say something to prove their independence. Sir Robert Stout, in a very able criticism of the Budget, had alluded scornfully to the Government following as " dumb dogs," who . were there to do as they were bid, and not to have opinions of their own. The truth of the description was proved by the hol.l it took on the minds Of the men. One alter another all through the ranks got up to declare that " I at least am no dumb dog, but am perfectly competent to do a little barking on my own account," Then would follow criticism of a feebly hostile character. Some went further, and played the part of candid , friend to perfection : while one or two warned the Government that they were not going to ! be dragged into the lobby, &c.; The whole ! display partook of the nature of a farce, and the prevailing attitude is one of abject, un redeemed subserviency. Members are writhing inwardly, and they would dearly like to break out into genuine rebellion, but dure not. Now that the House has had time to dis play its calibre, ail accounts agree that in point of ability as well as independence it is the poorest New Zealand has ever known. One effect of the "time limit," which I ex-, plained in my last letter, is that every member thinks it necessary to speak his allotted hour on the Budget and his half hour on bills, so that the session is likely to be the wordiest we have suffered. Among the choice specimens of bills brought forward is the "Libel Limitation" of Mr. J. M'Kenzie, Minister of Lands. This precious piece of legislation requires that to alt articles and letters in newspapers are to be appended the name of the writer; and as the word "article "is defined to lie almost everything that appears in a news paper, not only would the leader, but almost every paragraph, require to be signed. Any such appearing without a signature subjects the proprietor to a fine of from five to fifty pounds, and the infliction of this penalty does not exempt from libel proceedings. The absence of signature in any proceedings for libel is to be taken as proof of malice. The general tendency of the newspapers is to meet the bill with ridicule and contempt, as they very well might, but the Minister is in deadly seriousness over it. Mr. M'Kenzie. its author, has probably never read a line of history, and has not the faintest notion of what liberty is. He looks upon all kinds of criticism as so many attacks on iiimseif. and consequently he wants to know who the man is that "attacks me." Curiously enough, his own notion of intellec tual retort is to call a member (in Gaelic): a "dirtr little.devil." Everybody comfortably ] assumes that the Lit>el Limitation Bill has i no ghost of a chance ot passing, but the pro gress ot " Liberalism " in New Zealand is so rapid that they may easily find themselves mistaken. - The Upper House now is too like theJjBtamp of the Lower to have reliance placed on it. i The bills which are supposed in some way to be in the interests of labour, but which can only result in the systematic harassing of those engaged in trade, include the " Master and Apprentices" Bill of the Minister of Labour. Under it ho youth is to be employed by any householder, trades Wan, farmer, or handicraftsman of any kind except under elaborate indentures of apprenticeship, which must be registered in due form. Every youth now at work must become properly apprenticed within. Six months after the passing of the act. The wages of an apprentice are fixed at a certain rate in proportion to adult wages for each year of the term, and the master must pay in to the bank half the weekly wages for the apprentice during the whole term. The morals and the religious instruction of the youth have to be attended to; and, of comae, magistrates, inspectors, and penalties bristle through the bill. As no one is to b° allowed to employ any youngster without making him an apprentice, one ante result will he that farmers and others will employ just as little youthful labour as they possibly can—which is what is wanted indeed, for the bill has a trades and labour origin. . The Treasurer has given notice of a bill to fix the limit of the rate of interest chargeable by persons or insti tutions, frqm which it would appear that all the lessons of the abandoned uBury laws have been lost on the present generation of New Zealand Liberals. You may remember that some weeks ago the House passed a resolution forbid ling the sale of liquors of any kind in Bellamy's. Mr. Seddon brought in a hill to fulfil the mandate of the HouBe, hnt on second thoughts it was considered wise (and comfortable) not to put the edict in force this Bession. Next year each member (unless they think bettor ot it, as is probable) will have to carry his "pocket pistol" into the lobbieB with him. There has been a vaBt deal of unnecessary fries Ynade over a statement by Sir Robert Stout in hiB Wanganui lecture some little time ago to the effect that Mr. Ballance, in his dying hours, begged Sir Robert to re-enter politics in the hope of his taking the lead of the Liberal warty. He merely said it was time the truth was known, as he could not now be accused of desiring to promote his own personal aggrandisement. The matter would not be worth alluding to were it not for the fact that some time ago Mr. Seddon, in a speech at Fielding, had the effrontery (a much stronger won! would be more ap plicable) to say that on his deathbed Mr. Ballance desired that his mantle should fall I on Mr. Seddon, and that papers were trans mitted which supported the fact. Mrs. Ballance appears to have been Bhocked at Mr. Beddon's statement, and her letters to Sir Robert Stout have now been published. They reveal what everyone knew before, that Mr. Ballance was anxious for Sir Robert Stout's re-entry into Parliament. It cannot for an instant be supposed that Mr. Ballance was foolish enough to think he could be queath a political position. But he had a light to urge his friend and former leader to re-enter Parliament, and lie never doubted that his colleagues and the party would seise the opportunity to make Sir Robert leader. Mr. Seddon slipped into the position, as he had a right to do, and as Sir Robert Stout was quite contented to have fulfilled the dying wishes of his friend, nothing more would have been heard of the matter but for Mr. Seddon's atrocious statement at Field ing. A considerable recoil against the Bank of New Zealand legislation is observable. I feel sure that the original overtures of the bank came as a surprise to the Government as much as to the colony. There is, how ever, in some quarters a feeling of uncertainty as to what amount of collusion there was between the two, and a still greater feeling of uncertainty as to the wisdom of the legis lation. The House generally thinks it should have demanded more information as to the bank'sposition, and that it should get it now. It won t be easy to pass urgent bills through the House hereafter. A proposition is now said (and with some truth) to be under con sideration for amalgamating the Colonial Bank with the Bank of New Zealand. For years the Colonial has been scheming to get a share of the Government account, and its officers were a good deal chagrined to find that the Bank of New Zealand hod managed by a bold coup to establish itself securely as astate institution. The Colonial Bank there fore renewed its application for a third of the Government account. To this appli cation, it is believed, the Government re plied suggesting amalgamation. The House of Representatives is now on its guard. There is no further plea of urgency. The absorption of another hank with the guaran teed institution would largely increase the already large financial1 responsibility of the colony, and no such step will be permitted until the Honse thoroughly understands the true position of both. 