AMONG TIIK PONIES. A BIG WEEK. ItACING AT CANTIillBli'IlV, KEX SIXOTON, AND aiOOKEFIEM). Too Jfuch Uaclng. - Disqualifications llxtraordluary. ' A : Ituokuuikcrs' Strike. I.HHoBrl(l(foand Oilier Itoins — Selections Foi'Koiisin^ton . and Cniitur bury. (By 'Daybtar.') '''To*-*dny~llio. Associated Clubs' mentint? will bb hold at Cauturbury. Tho following may run woll': — FLYING HANDICAP : MOHICAN ? 1 Vida ? 2 Ida. ? ? - ... 8 ? VILLAGE HANDICAP Y JIOMP ? 1 ZAKi ? 1! Bmssoa ... ... :.;,.;. ... ? ... 3 PONY HANDICAP : DAISY. BEtl, ?.'.. ... ? 1 1'oi.i.t ? , ... ... ? a VOLi-nr ? 3 BRIDGE HANDICAP : VtDA.' ? 1 - Caiiieiuha ? a HAiiuia ? 3 SELLING EACE : VOUTEX: ... ? ... ... .. ... 1 ;lCi»nain-ui) ? a \- Hkssaoe j ? , ? 3 GALLOWAY HANDICAP : TRBMAKTYB ? ... ... ... ... 1 LftDYlioan . ... ... ... ... ... a Tui.oni ... ... ... ? ... 3 On Friday tho Konsitiptton Club will hold tlio ivoolrly mootinj,', wliou all arrango monta'will bo in p'orroct 6rdorfortho.ro coptiou of tlio club'H patrons. A 'bus and tram iiprvion will bo lmd on for the accom modation of visitors. Tho lacing may pan out on tho following lines: — FOURTREN-T WO HANDICAP j KROHS5BWXNU ... ... ...... 1 MiKBTitr.L Dot' '.'.'. '.'.'. '.'.'. '.'.'. 5 .FOURTKEN HANDS HANDICAP : MBHVEII.LE .. ... ? I Taixin. ... .. . ? ?... 2 llhACK Swak ... ... ... ... ... 3 ?.THIRTEEN -TWO' HANDICAP : nUTKCXlVB... ;.. ... ... ... 1 'Xuiiiu ' ????.?' a lllKNin S. J.. '. ?.'. ??'?;..?. ..'. 3 FOUltTEEN-ONE HANDICAP : PANSY.;. :.. ... ... ... ... 1 THIRTEEN-THREE HANDICAP: Bt.INK 110NNY ? 1 HlUUTT'...'- ... ,„? V... ',.; .. ... a KENSINGTON HANDICAP : - HAHKMUU'i'..'. .' ? ?' ? 1 IlKITANNU ?..;? ... ? ? 2 JiLouun. ?. ;.. ; ? 3 ? * ' ? According to ono of tho Bportin;; writore of Melbourne!, tlio A.J.C. comniittco has a' proposal to mako in rogard to tho curtail mont of pony racing, but in this enso wo go from home to hoar nowa. Nothing is known iu Syduoy of any definite move in that direction, and whvthor tho ruling body-has any 8ohomo on foot for cutting down tho weekly racing, or not, tho pony clubs nro cortninly malcing hay whilo tho aun«luiic3. After a full week of. Randwick -racing and pony meetings 11 temporary respite would have boon acceptable, but, instead, wo Iirvo hnd'a double allotranco of 'tbu lowor branch.' Consequent on no' horeo' mooting boing allowed lust Saturday, both tho Konsington and Warwick Fiirin clubs mado up a ; day's . sport, and a trial of strohgth between thu two opposing fac tious took place. 'In theso timos oxponso liaa to bo looked to, ; and it would appear that tho lower tariff at KoiiMiigton ia an olomont that lma an cll'ect with tho public. Although thoro wore' a good number of people at Cantorbury (wliero tho W.F. mooting was hold-), tho crowd at Konsing ton was estimated as rathor. bottor, and putting tho ppoplo prosent at tho two placns togothor, tjio patrons of pony racing on Saturday totalled to - a vory considerable I nuiubor. ? Whou it is roiiiKuiborcd that pony niootiriga ? took plauo also on tlio previous Wednoaday and Thursday, it will bo boou that tho calls .mado on tho public last week wars rathor Buvoro. Inm of- the opinion that it is vory impolitic to ovordo racing — ospeciaily pony racing — aud it ib a pity aome asroomon't to keep tho business within roosonable limits cannot bo como to by tho companids ju toroBtod. ? ? a A cloud no biggor than a man's hand is hold to bo sufficient proaago of 11 possiblo dolugo; but signs that he who runs may road aro ovorywhoro boldly fnoing the ordinary obsorvor iu ono coKpoct, and it is that tho strain ou tho pockots of pony owners aud thn public is such thai will .ultimately brook down tho contributors of tho cost of racing, unless tho break is judiciously applied boforo ovory ono. concerned is hopolossly insolvent. Throo parts of tho mon who urn struggling with tho task of making ends moot by running ponioB havon't a feather to fly with ; scores of good baokors havo gouo -gloriously bung ins pursuit of tho popular pastime, and it is only tho koun, calculating, oxporioncod puntor who has a fairly good run of tho ropos, and a littlo luck thrown in, who lifts tho ghost of a chanco of pnehig with his lioraon — or rathor with his ponica. Thoro aro many, things that do not look well in print, and a catalogue of details in support of tho foregoing synopsis of the financial condition of pouy-moiigers is among thorn. Thore aid » few .men who koop atop in tho procossion, and ovon mako money, but tho 'minibor of eiWior trainora. owners or backur» wkoso banking accounts to- day*will compare with what they woro two on throo yoars ago may almost bo counted on- tho fingoiB of. ono hand. The dubs, in whoso diroct intorost tho whole ahow gdoa morrily along, aro Boizod of this condition of things, and it is just possible that Bomo far-sighted members of tho racing companies will soo tho proprioty shortly of taking tho bull by tho horna, and, , figuratively Bpeaking, mnko that animal ateady himoolf in tho interest of all partiea concornod. I havo novor yot dropped ncronn 11 touibstonn Inscription ' Raced to Death,' but somo of tho proaont generation of Sydnoy raco-goora will ourely bo qnalifinil for such an upituph whou thoir lant Bottlini; day arrives. Spocial itoms not on tho Blipulatod bill ot-faro woro introduced at JlooroSold on Wednosday, chief of which was a book maker's strike Tho mombors of Tat toroiUl's Club, who, in a spirit of long onlTeriiig and disinterestud philnnthroj-y, wear tho satchels at pony meotiuga, waxad wrath ovor the proceedings involvod during thu decision of tho first two races, and then aftor a hurried consultation took off tho bags and' stcuck.' Adelaide, a strong favorftu, had easily won tho first race, and Ida, with (1st 01b aboard, had canturcd in for tho fioco'nd, also heavily backod. ilv. Morris Jacobs and Mr. H. Oxcnham had, oithov as commissioners or punters lor tho timo being, bcon letting thu members of their fraternity then doing business know that thoy woro about, Adelaide had boon a rod in picklo, but Ida everyone know all about. Uookumkora laid agaiiiBt Ida with their oyos open. Thoy considor thom solvoa good judges of handicapping, and if 1'diL looked liho a certain winner, why tuku any considerable risk ? It is oasy-'to bo wise after an event has demonstrated a result, but to forosou it is moro diflicult. A' point, however, whore tho bookmakors scored was in their com plaint thai; whatever chaucrs ,tho otheV runners against Ida poaausscd, somo did not inako tiio required ell'orta to do their best: In this couuoction tho - stowarda bocoino .liablu to criticism,- th'iit is' if-, tho stilt' running is conceded; but having obsorvod tho groat percoiitago of non-triers on £-ydnoy trucks formally years, I'«fuil to soo whoro tho spocial or- unusual reasons for action como iu. Surely occasions whon tho knights of tlfo hook aud pencil raise a storm aro not to bo tho only ones on which runners -of byes aro to bo- dealt with, although it would soem so 1 ' Admitting that the .bookmakers- lost their monoy with 'Buckley's chanco'. of escaping cer tain loss, it -was a- most undignUiod proceoding to childishly tako oil tho bags. They know tho ri3ks to ; bo run, and tho strength of tho gamo generally, and whon thoyVgot an upporcut through all the horsea in Hie fiold but ono buing stiff, they ought to romomber that sometimes- a hoavily-backed favorito gets into a bag or two and an outsider eives ' backers a ' skinnor.' Tho said backers have to take their gruel in silence, and do it ovory day: Therefore whon, aftoi'i'two moro races had boon decided tho professional layorsof odds put on ttieir bags again, thoy showed thoir good sense hadnptaltogothcrdosorted them. MeunwliHo the stewards had called up' tho parties counoctwl with Villa and Tlio Idler,' and after onquiry dismissed tho Vida people and passed six uiontlu' disqualifica-. tiou upon tho horso,'. owner, . aud jockoy (Smith) in tho .olhor case. They intended to intcryiow tlio ownbrs of somo of tho other runners in Ida's ruco. but for the tact that tlm animals concerned had got away out of tho weighing yard boforo tho intimation could bo made. The disquali fication passed upon Tlio Idler, owhoV, and jockoy has, sinco boon romovod; Tho matter was reconsidered, 611 Monday, when tho stowards cauio to tho conclusion that their first action was erroneous, and promptly cancolled it. I; do uot think tiioro was any caso against Tho Idlar or his owner, and tho authorities aro to bo commouded fo» sotting themselves right at tho eiirlicst opportunity.! In tho paiticu lur raco whoroin Tho Idler's running was challenged thoro wero cases of fur moro interest to the critical oyo. ' . . ? ...«-..- « Ida's form hau boon so good that sho has risen considerably in ovoryono's opinion. Sho bogan hor;winniug caruor in February last, when, on the Mooreiield course, she won a 13.8 raco. A week lator she rail a bad second to ?' Twenty Winks, with l'/lb allowanco, and did uot uppoar prominently .again until sho won the Canterbury Park Purse. In that meo aho boat Polly with an advautagd of 41b in tlio weights, aftor a- good raco. Two days later sho won tho Pony Handicap at Canterbury, carrying 7st Clb, boating Blohican Sat lib, after a d'sncl boat, by a neck. Lator in tho day Mohican easily won a 14.1 raco imdor 7Jt 31b. Thou Ida was lmudicappod as top 'woight in her cliujs (13.3) at tho mooting wo aro now. dealing with, though. In tho 1-1.2 raco (the cause of tho troublo) she was in at Cst 91b. Her poriormanco kuocks tho bottom out of the allo'wancos for iuchos thoory, for sho is qualified to. raco- iu any. company on tho i-ony tracks. Besides, althongh classed as 13.3, it is no certainty that bIio isn't nearer 14.2'at pre sent, and the 121b allowance for every inch bocomos'a snare and a delusion. Ida is by the imported Btallion ISoauchamp, and was brod at Durham Court. . , ? ' '?,. . * '?- ? ? ?'? : . Adolaido, tho other winner contributory to tho bsokmnkers' disaomfituro, is . a maro 0:' high lineago, and bred in Now Zealand by Mr. T. Morrin. Sl^b -is by Nordonfeldf from Victoria, a mare that ran socond and third for two Auckland Cups. Mr. Dan O'Brien, who was presont at tho pony 'mooting, reminded mo that Adolaido had wou the AVolcoiuo Stakoa of tho A.K.C., but wont to pieces in Molbourno. Tho pony was picked up iu tho Southorn city by Ike Earnshaw, and is now trained by his succossor iu pony training, D. Malone, having been succoBHfully patched up be tweou them and got into form. ? # ? After the striko two racoa, won by Bcdaand Antic, imssod off with no betting boyond nlmt' could bo got ovor tho Logor fence, but iu ouch iuatnuai) tho wiunor atartad fnvorito, Huro biink won tho Giillowny Handicap after ruu ningadoad bunt with Lilac It waatha gondrul opinion thut Lihui waa not skilfully bundled by Jdhnpun, and Montgouiory was put U|- iu tho run oir. Tho cbnuL'o wna not auocossful, pro tubly bocuuso tho raco was run too fast for Lilaa, ouahlini; ltosobunk, a proved stayer, to asxort h«.Holf at tho tinwli. Rosebunk is iinothor insliinue of what a Kl.U cluas pony oan do. At a din'oruuee of 121b sho beule Lilao, who has won fair mcos ninonf; tho hordes. In tho oriyiual nioo Kiiiifowood wus upsidoa with tlio doad-hoiifol-fl, nnd if tho judgo hud said dciul-hcftt botweon threo no 0110 would -Wive diwutod it. By way of a wind up Ida won tho 14.1 handicap, oarryinff 7st Oil), tho only ouo to tronh'lo lior Ht all boirn; Lady Itoao. Tbo ' books ' took n filiudo of odds, and when bIjo n-ou no doubt hnd quite enough of Ida for ouo day. ? ? . ? . Thursday's meeting at Konsington was highly auocosnful us fur as tho attendance was ooiioorucd. The runiiift, too, was woll con tested, and wus rouiurkablo for tho dofont of lire first favorites. Tho pulilfe had ruthor a bud day, but tho bookmakers, aftor thoir Moore&old; trouble's, hud nothing to complain about. Only niuti *f tho original number of entries woro miaain({ in tho six evonts, and Mr. P. O'iMara, tho suorotary, had- an unusually eootl report to placo boforo bis ?lircotora. Tho victory of ISumontor in tha M.'J huidicnp wna not oxpootod by buokors, aa bo wont out at 10 to 1, but Win ertntio coldinc ran a poed raco, an-l won handily from tho uuluoky Moliasa and lirnuzoiving, th« fnvorito. Llama, ono of tho oonutant Bort, accounted for thu 14 hnndB ovent, altboiiRh Autourat was a firm C to 4 favorito. Cabin Boy (one of W. Foulaham'a) Bilccoculert in tha 13.1 ovont, for which Tommy and Knotty wore Iu eViplitly bottor demand, Thoro waa Rn incidont in Cabin Boy's viotory whioh lnorod the atowards to uotlon, and thoir promptness Imd tbo' effeot of iiiBtilllnir eon fidonoo in tho minds of viiltora iu tbolr atten tion to d»ty. A Uto ' 0QI00' waadoBpatohod to Cabin Boy'a jookoy whon at tho »tartln|f port, and whon tbo moasongor rotnrnod ha wan ejootcd from tho roaorvo, and both hoandhla owner aauttnnod not to ropoat euah aprouood Inj;. Tho 11.1 ruco ttub ntthor hu oaty tbinpr tor V«ra, tho favorite, and that smart lilUo pony. Blink Bonny, won tho 13.3 , evont without tho least trouble. Ho waa third favorito at 4 to 1, Buauly, at 0 to ?!, boiiiR a distinct diuappdiiituiont to liuokers. Aftor a lonjr npoll from tho winninK lints, LoyaliHt, an unlucky Kallpway, carried off tho Koiifliuirtnn HandicM-. Ho won com- -' fortably from Fioslnvalor, l-ru.ud and othors. Suturduy'a gathering at Kauainclcn wan of a succussful nuturu also as far as tho public hupport wiih couaariiad, and tbo raeinc was quito up to an 'avdriigo RtiinduriL Tivtoiao Hhull, 0110 of W. Foulaham'a gullowiiys, won tha Fourtueu-thron Haudicnp. Sail, who haa ?' retired from 'tho other placu' in favor of l£en- . .' ... sinutou, was woll hacked, but third was hl» po.-iilion, tha uhostimt, mare Naughty (hito Nariua) gplittinir tho pair. That (,'amo littlo follow Autocrat won tho Fourteen Hands Handicap, but thia rosult was uot achieved until after ho lmd run two dead boats with Trixio. Autocrat wa^ iu cood dwimiid by baokors, and eventually pullod them through aftor nil thu oxciteinont and upwt they got for thoir money. Among tho 13 hands lot Woodbino was found good unousrh to prnvuil ofor Jerry, Colao, mid tho othera, nltbviiKh 0 to 1 could bo pot about her. A dutnsivo ? viotory was recietorod Iu thu 1-1J handicap -hv tho choitnut maro Pansy, who jibownd goodT form iu.tho colors of Mr. Warn on «io Asso oiatod couracs. Panny, starting at 2 t\\- 1, had no troublo with hor. fiold. Mr. Ji'm Sltonfion, aivetoran iu the pony racing IniHi.'ioiw, ?.?wldod another to hi« Hiicccaaes por medium, of M\nnio S. in tho 13.2 handicap. Tho fnvor.ito, Dotoctivo, only cot third, 'with Blini: Bou,'^1 butweon thoin. With tho paco ho i)ontnvHGK.'lJ ia rathor romiwkablo that Eric (htto K-iulotld. has not dono bottor at KonsiiiRton, but Xrx'** ? homo comfortably in the 15 handB raco from ? Fraud, Molisaa, and tho olhora, tho favorites, Durklight and Loyaliat, uot boing presont at too finish. ' In point of wealhor considera- tionfi the viBitora to Cantorbury Park on 8.-&-uV day woro uhluaky, for ' .whilst thore was no ram to Rpodk of in t»»7ni Hhowora fell all tho afternoon on tho.«c utfte. Tho racing was under, tho Warwick I,7''? Qlub's managemonti' and is tho laat of vtUut club's meetivtta, for tho proaout.at any r*1?', that will take placo away from tho'Farni tra'tk- 1 The attendance suffewid from counter attrac* ; tractions, but a (food roproe«ntativo array or woll-kuown bookmakers and baokors wero noticed in' tho paddock, and the total nvnstor waa probjibly a payable 0110. Mr. Gcorg' llowo and tho othor ofliciulx woro a'19* tivo to all nocoaeury dutailn, hut . thoro woro sovoral dovelopmonts of a puzzli.iS nn-l uhlookod-for obaraotor in connootioa wit:b *^» racinjr. A lar^o proportion of tho bost anim.sW onRaijod woro scfatchod when it waa roco!,'; ni8od that bottiric would not bo good, and ot ' tiioso that woro loft in at tho Qniah favoritoa. ? (joiiorally gat homo. Cafchorrna won the, first . raco (14.1), but thoro woro only throo miinirtB,- ' . and Wild Duck, favorito.at 7 to 4, won tho 13.^ raco aftor a cloao aet-to with Misa Fuxowoll. There was an onquiry into Bost Shot's ? running, but no action waa takon. Tho Pony ? Handicap, with throe starters, -nan tho c.xufso of a lot of trouble. .Twenty Winks was backed by Bomo, pooplo, but .Bosabollo was mado favorito whon tho . gonuine money oaino alone. 'Tbo start w«8 ono of Mrt J. ; Hogarty'a worat efforts, for tho favorito got olear away from tho other two. Possibly tho jockoya woro not particular in irottiiiir smartly away, and mado tho start look worao than it would have boon, but aftor ItosaboHo had' won all tho way a protest for atartins ill front pi tho pest was'nphold by the , BtcwarilB.. According to my oTisoryation of tbo start thoro wore not any giorandB for thia decision. When tho raoo wan run ovor again Mnggio waa made favorito, but fclio issuo in a fair contest lay botwoon 'L'wonty Winks and Rosabollo in thu last f nrlbhi?, an tt Garland, by . rcEolnto riiliu£, got his iniiro hoin'e. Aa she 'wu- badly beetan by both tbo .pttars in tha first raoo, tho Htewardsoitod Ga'rlaivl to np. poar boforo thorn. Iu addition . tho sturtor was fined £0. Tho inquiry (hold ou RiWlay) ? roKiiltod in Garlaud and Twonty Wiulra'beniK difiquulifibd for six' months. Dot was soctnd ont aa the boBt in' tho Soiling llaco, anJ;tha rosult boro out. this reokoninjr, altlio.ii-'h Vorfcox, lookioc it -bit above himsolf, mado .bor movo.alonir. .Tho Miniaturo Handicap, with only four startors, was an cosy thinff for Pin.V 'Un ; aud'Miaty Morn, uitor a desporatb sot to with Lndy Rpso, landed. tho ovon monoy taken' ubout him by a head. Lilac ran pretty woll, but if tho othora wero labollod O. J. tbore v/us not much apparent sign of tho sumo. A now starting nmohino, an improved invention by Mr. W. dray, ia to bo'tr/od at Cantorbury pony racoB to-day. TI;qbo who havo soen it privately describe it as a dooidod improvomont on tho oiaohinos provioualy aeoc boro. ' . _. . Good attendances havo boon soon on the Lillio Bridgo Grounds on tho uk'hta of ranning during tho poat wook. The pony and othor pvouts havo provided interesting Hport foe patrons of tho ground, and tho proframmoa IoboI, nothing of thoir popularity. Euby, KiUaloo,' .Galatea, Duff, and Lillydalo ha*o boon among tho hitost wiunara, tho compldte roporta boing given iu anothor column. Tbo owuor of Ostorloy declines to matoh his1 horao to trot agaius't i'riU in Sydnoy, and thoreforo thore ia no likelihood of a matoh ovcutuatint'. . (Oontinucd on Fage 5.) 