CHAPTER XXIX. Mr. Brabazon'a dissatisfaction witn lou was increasing in intensity as well as widen* ing in area. Those brief intervals of mthotio admiration which in times past had tempered hie intellectual disappointment, and warmed him into as much personal affection as his chilly nature could compass-those brief intervals were now no more. They had gone with the Bnowa of yester-year and would never return. Though he still super intended his young wife's toilette, as of old, it was now wholly for self-respect, as what was due to himself in the condition of hit property. Bat even when most artistically content, he was no more personally genial. He marvelled daily at himself for his folly in marrying one whosl intellect and educa tion were so far below his standard. If only he had fallen in with these fair Oirton girls betimes 1 To them he could expatiate on his favourite authors ; to them recite, dis play, posturise, instruct: with them discuss thoughts and things as far above poorMoira's ken as the knowledge of the First Cause was beyond his own; to them he might have been a real helper-these Girton girls, who had taken honours at Cambridge!-carrying them farther along the flowery paths of literature and learning than they would have been able to go without him. But with Moira he was as a dumb dog, and his gifts and essential perfections were of no more valne than rare orchids blossoming untended and unadmired in a Brazilian forest! What she had of sweet and good in her character he disregarded as inconsequential in comparison with those things she had not in her intellect; and what she had in her intellect was as worthless as the efforts of a broken- winged bird to fly. Her cleverness of hand and touch was a mere triviality. Her woman's faculty of management and good housekeeping he did not allow her to exercise. Mrs. Jones was the housekeeper now as of old; and for all that histrionic surrender of the keys, they were still in her possession as they were before the Master's marriage. Moira's efforts after artistic pro ficiency disgusted him by the crudity in separable from inefficiency ; and the un avoidable failures of the practising time were to him as the final condemnation of all her endeavours. The old axiom, " Prac tice makes perfect," fonnd no favour with him ; and he discouraged her groping after artistic proficiency as he might have dis couraged the desire of a wooden-legged hunchback to learn the minuet. It was a vicious circle altogether. The more he had laboured at Moira's education the denser had become her understanding, because she had bepn frightened and over strained. The more he had repressed her independent little efforts the stronger had grown within her the sense of her hopeless incapacity and the more helpless her mental condition generally. Then he had hardened his heart against her and frozen her by his icy words and manner into something still more inert, still more paralysed in initiative and intelligence-till no# no slave at the door of the torture-chamber was ever more demoralised in soul, more sick with terror, than was Moira Brabazon when her elegant hu4l>;md came into the room for one of his soft-voiced, mild-mannered discourses which were essentially acute vivisection and the liiiying of her alive. Had he not " abandoned " her, as he had of late, she conld not have lived. The round of her daily torture would have been too severe. Yet had it not been for the Girton girls he would not have relaxed his grasp for any part of the day. For this then she was bound to feel grateful'"l»oth to the Pessimist who found life nothing but a ghastly mis take- saw in nature only its cruelty, its brutality-commended suicide as that blessed potentiality of release which enables the miserable to live through their long days of trial by the knowledge that they can end them when they will-both to h r and that undisguised worshipper of her stately tyrant in whom Julia saw only grace, art, poetry, and refinement-an intellectual giunt bound to the body of death-a poet and an artist condemned for life to the society of a pretty clod, a beautifully coloured fool. This was Julia's trenchant dictum of Mr. and Ur>. Urabazon ; and Moira understood it, fot all that it was unexpressed in words, as clearly as if she had crept into the Girton's girl skin and heard the beating of her heart and read the thoughts of her brain. But all this only widened the vicious circle more and more and gave it increased strength. The day after the garden-party Mr. Bra bazon as usual came into the small drawing room, where Moira sat embroidering with great skill and taste what she hoped would torn oat to l>e h pretty blotting-book-case when all was done. Since the departure of the last of the guests yesterday evening he had scarcely spoken to her. He was evi dently gravely displeased; but what might be in his mind against her, so far, he had kept to himself. " Wishing always to be courteous and con siderate to my wife, Mrs. Hraliazon, I think it well to tell you, my dear Moira, that I am using the landau this afternoon," he said after a moment's grim silence. " Yes." said Moira. " I have covenanted to take Miss Prest bury snd Miss Belcarro to Lady Olden shaw's," he continued. "The Chace has treasures which these exceedingly well edu [ cated young ladies will understand and en juy. *' Yes," said Moiro again. " I would invite you to join onr little ex pedition," he next said, in the tone of a superior making a gracious concession, " but that I do nut think that it would afford you much pleasure were you do so. Your lament able deficiency of education, my dear Moira, and still more lamentable density of under standing, which has frustrated all my efforts to enlighten and instruct you, render you un lit for the enjoyment ot intellectual pleasures such as are the mere A B C of these erudite young ladies." " Yes," for the third time, said Moira, The irritable temper rose as a snake lifts its head when a footfall conies too near. " May I beg of you, my dear Moira, to vary the monotony of your assent by some other monosyllable?" he said with glittering eyes and ice-cold manner. " That primitive of language seems to be all you can compass. May I ask the favour of at least two forms as some little break in the uniformity you affect?" Moira gave a nervous little laugh, and this time varied her monotony of accent by say inn nothing at all. Tliid beingso," continued Mr. Brsbazon, annoyed by her silence, " and your inca pacity of understanding being now an ac cepted fact-unfortunately for all con cerned-1 hold it to be mere waste of time and in every manner an idle ceremony to in vite you to become one of our party. This themes on which we shall converse WPuld be aboveyour head, and you would beettiphaticatly out of your sphere and beyond yonr depth. I am sure you.understand your position suffi ciently to give me reasons." (Continued on Page 124.) (Continued from Par/e 121. J " I have no wish to go if you would rather I did not," said Moira dutifully. , I Her sweetness angered him, as it often did in these later times. There was 110 more mental excitement to be got out of bullying Moira than there is to be sot out of pommel ing a down cushion. My sole objection to your presence, he said hastily," is my own natural desire not to feel disgraced by the ignorance of my wife, Mrs. Brabazon, contrasted with the brilliant intelligence and remarkable erudition of these young ladies. In one's own natural domain and sphere of influence, and before one's own associates, who have ever looked up to and respected one as the leader among them, one naturally wishes to stand well and avoid humiliation. And I own that humiliation of the kind to which I have re ferred repels me." "Then," said Moira, raising her eyes fall into bis, and speaking with no show of spirit, but as simply as if she had been asking an ordinary conundrum ; "why did you marry me at all if lam so stupid, so unlit to be your companion and the associate of these girls ? What made you insist on taking me ? I am just the same this year as 1 was last. It is not I who have changed, but you your Belf." For a moment Mr. Brabazon stared back into those wide-open and uplifted eyes, too much amazed to reply. Then he said, with almost more than im perial indignity:-" Why did I marry you? Why make you Mrs. Brabazon of fiulett? You may well ask that, my dear Moira! My answer to your very natural query is-Your mother, Mrs. Winter West's, masterly tactics. Now you know why, if indeed you can under stand my answer." " I understand it too well," said Moira. " I wish I did not." " By which you mean you wi6h you lived in a fool's paradise, and did not know the truth; which, allow me to say, my dear Moira, is a childish and reprehensible sentiment. As, however, no good is to be got by further dis cussion on this wry unprofitable subject, I will now withdraw to my own apartment. It is understood, then-I take these young ladies to Lady Oldenshaw's, andyou will while away the afternoon in the pursuit of such pleasures as will be more congenial to your taste, and more consonant with your abilities. I leave you free to do as you will. You see I trust to your discretion more generously than most men are wont to do. No one can say that I am a harsh-tempered or jealous husband-jealous of my honour as I may be." To which Moira, smarting as she was, gave, no kind of reply, monosyllabic or other wise. She thought to herself that he was surely the most unpleasant husband to be found between earth and sky. It did not much signify whether he was jealous and harah-tempered, in the ordinary accept ance of the words, or not He was both, in grain, in euljotance, and the special mani festations did not count one way or the other. The miserable sum came out the same, whatever the ticketing of the it ms. This expedition which Mr. Brabazon had manoeuvred for and arranged with so much thought and care did not come off quite as smoothly as might have been wished. Laura had a headache, and declined to go. She was very smooth and suave and pretty and lady-like, but she was immo\able. The not quite overwhelming interest that she had found in Mr. Brabazon's conversation at the beginning of things had faded away by now, and left only ljoredom and satiety, with that kind of sick impatience which was her highest form of energy. She had come to the bed-rock of his character, and she did not like what she found. But Julia was still in the phase of blindness and fascination, and gave Moira's husband credit tor an al most prophetic depth and sublimity of character, as well as for an intellectual power which had not free play in his life, and of which assuredly she had not sourided the full depths. Wherefore, Laura's refusal to go The Chace with them in no wise deterred her : and though Mr. Brabazon, mindful of Mrs. Grundy, would have put off the whole thing had he been left to himself, yet he soon found that even a general lover of the stronger sex does not go to Girton for nothing, and that a training in logic and dialectics is not calculated to make a woman yielding or submissive. Sorely against his better judgment then, but somehow compelled by the easy scorn with which Miss Belcarro brushed aside all his reasons why the expedition should be de ferred, he had finally to give way, and he and Julia set out, unaccompanied by Laura, and unchaperoned by that older woman whom European civilisation has hitherto agreed to make necessary to good conduct. The alternative of Carrie Mason never pre sented itself to Mr. Brabazon's imagination, and would not have iwen received if it had. The conversation which began on horti culture. soon, under Julia's hand, drifted into marriage-its risks, its failures, itsdisillusion ments, its disappointments "Exceptional men must always be dis appointed," said Julia. "So few women would be able to content such men!-one by herself-almost impossible." "The deficiency in the wife at home can be made up by precious friendships out of doors," said Mr. Brabazon -with a tender g'ance- . ., . .. " Yes," said Julia, her eyea intensifying his; "that is the only thing to do. Where a grand mind, a splendid intellect, has joined itself to one in all ways inferior, the only hope of happinees is in friendship of a very close and very tender kind." "The pain of this unequal intellectual association is great," said Mr. Brabazon, with a sight , , " It must be," said Julia, echoing the sigh. " But once done it has to be borne," said Moira's husband, with a commendable effort after elementary honour. " Borne, yeB. There is no case for a' di vorce, but that does not make it pleasant," said Julia. "And that does not make it less imperative on one who has been perhaps en trapped into such an unsuitable marriage to do the best he can for himself by these friend Bhips out of the home." For the first time in his life Mr. firabazon was fairly and entirely taken aback. The aplomb of this young Girbun girl took away his breath and gave him a curious feeling of general unsteadiness. Unfamiliar with the new Bchopl of womanhood, he was still in the old-fashioned fog which makes reticence, reserve, and ft dread of self-committal essen-1 tials in a young lady's personal furniture. He believed also that the women who had thrown awBy these things as useless lumber and so many impediments to the joy of living and the art of freedom were therefore of necessity bold, coarse, unsexed in body as in mind, and as unlovely aa they were repre hensible. Here he was confronted with something quite different Miss Chegwin and Miss Mason might be more after the pattern of hiB imaginary projection ; but Miss Prest bniy with her sylph-like grace, and Miss Belcarro with her Italian charm, were in ?nite another category. He almost gasped. t w«a like the fairy tale of Catskins-the dis covery of the princess in the place of the kitchen wench. " 1 hold the friendships I have already j made with you and your friend at: among the priceless jewels of my life-the costliest pearls in the whole carcanet," suid Launcelot affectionately. ' And I am prepared to dedicate my own life to you," said Julia fervently. " L would ask no thing better than to live here in Summer Hiil, seeing and hearing you,reading with you, talk ing with you, and, so far as I could, supple menting your dry and disappointing life. Dear Mr. Brabazon, I would live for you, and you only, if I could be of use to you-if I could help to make you happy." The carriage rolled on, the noise of the wheels and horses' hoofs drowning the dangerous fervency of the Anglo-Italian. Her dark eyes looked into Launcelot's, her rather large but soft and well-conditioned hand clasped his, with no stealing shyness, no half-bashful put-pose. It was a frank and open offer of devotion that, to give her justice, had no ulterior dangers in her mind. She might love, and she did, but she honestly meant only friendship- friendship of such passionate sort as makes a very good substi tute for love-friendship of the kind for which " Laura" went to the sculptor, to place in her temple. " I would not impose aught resembling sac rifice on you, my dear young lady," said Mr. Brabazon in extreme emba moment. " I would not accept my joy through your hurt." "What hurt?" returned Julia. "What hurt could possibly come to me by my associa tion with you? And why sacrifice? I should sacrifice nothing and gain all!" " So speaks the lofty sentiment of the true woman," said Mr. Brabazon, his embarrass ment increasing. "But what seems so divinely white and simple to your pure mind, my dear young lady, wears a very different aspect to us men who have graduated in the malice and wickedness of the world. We know how the prophets have been stoned and the saints and angels misconceived ; and I for one could not bear that a being whom I am bound to protect, by all the laws of chivalry and the honourable obligations of a gentleman, should appear to soil so much as the tip of one of her silver feathers ior my sake and to lighten my weary burden." " For you even martyrdom ;wou!d be my glory!" said Julia, with the sombre, con centrated passion of her race and kind. And just as she said this the carriage drove through the first gates of The Ohace, when Mr Brabazon, influenced by i he yeniux lo », brace 1 himself to the attitude of stillness becoming a county gentleman of pood repute ; and, for all that they were a good hall-mile from the house, dropped his mask of matrimonial martyr coquetting with an unlawful deliverer, and put on that of staid conventionality pay ing its respects to titled propriety. But this conversation had upset his nerves as nothing had ever before upset them, and he really found it rather difficult to pose ami make be lieve. In general this was far easier than being natural or spontaneous. Lady Oldenslmw was in the garden when the Hulett carriage drove up. It was the weather which makes all people live in the garden, when they have one, as well as making them rather irritable in the main, and indispo ed to exertion. As things were, she was cross at having to receive the Girton girls at all. She was crosser still when she saw only Julia, which, of the two, was the one she had least admired. "Where is the other one?-Miss Prest bury ? " she asked, as Mr. Brabazon brought his would-be comforter on to the lawn. "Miss Prestbury, I regret to Bay, is indis posed," he replied, " Oh !" said Lady Oldenshaw. "She looks delicate. Then where is Moira?" " Mrs. Brabazon remained at home," was the response. " The fatigue of receiving so many of our friends yesterday has been too much for her." " Oh!" said Lady Oldenshaw again. " What a lot of young people are delicate nowadays," she added. " Things were very j different when I was young. We had no | nerves and no fancies then, I can assure you. j It is only the modern girl who has nerves." j " Statistics and medical science prove the direct contrary," said Julia, meaning only to be exact, as became her teaching and educa tion, and quite innocent of the aggressive quality of her disclaimer. "What can you possibly know about it?" cried Lady Oldenshaw, glad of this little out let. " I say it is so, and I speak from ex perience." "Your own individual experience, Lady Oldenshaw; but I speak from the wider gatherings of science and statistics. Which is most likely to be right?" Julia said this, as she would have said it in their debating club. She had not the least intention to be disagreeable-bad not the ghost ot an idea that she was; she merely wished to lay ont the facts as she knew them, and leave no room for misstatements or falBe beliefs. They did this kind of thing without offence In the debating club, and she knew no difference between the susceptibili ties of the dialectically undisciplined and the argumentatively case-hardened. " You lay down the law, Miss Belearro, with strange decidedness," said Lady Olden shaw. "Do I?" asked Julia, looking at Mr. Bra bazon. " 1 don't mean to l^^tatorial." "Miss Belearro can nj|jri»&*iothing but what is sweet, sincere, w<9|-Instructed, and womanly." said Mr. Brabazon, coming to the rescue of his fair friend and willing martyr. Lady Oldenshaw looked at them both with unmitigated disdain. " I hat old fool iB a humbug," she said to herself. "And that bold, forward little minx!-I should like to shake herl That poor dear Moira in the midst of such a set 1 What an infamy of Mrs. West to let her marry Launcelot Brabazon 1 I would not have let my -girl marry him for a dozen Huletts." Which was a piece of self-deception on the lady's part, she having been one who bad in trigued with all her power to get Launcelot Brabazon for her daughter Gladys, before finally arranging matters with Dad Dalby, the man she aid marry when it was evident that Launcelot was impossible and Hulett un attainable. " Well, as you have come to see the houses, we had better go," then Baid her ladyship aloud. " The orchids are not in their per fection," she added, turning to Julia with a slightly more respectful air than she had had before. "No this is not the month," replied Julia. " You have only a few specimens in flower- | for the most part Cattleyas. But I daresay you have other things quite as beautiful and interesting." " You seem to know a good deal alK>ut_ bo tany," said Lady Oldenshaw. with an aristo cratic stare. " We have houses at home," said Julia ; "and as fine a collection ot orchids as any one in England. Besides, I studied botany as one of my subjects." "What, indeed, my dear Miss Belearro, have you not studied?" said Mr. Brabazon admiringly. j "Well, of course, a great many things come fa to the curriculum," ahe answered. " Relative values among the rest," she added j enigmatically. j "What relative values?" asked Lady Oldenshaw. "That sounds like the money article in The Times. Relative values of gold j and silver, or what? You speak too much like a man, Miss Belcarro, for me to follow you." " No, I did not mean that," returned Julia quite gravely. "I meant relative values in ethics-say, of the truth of tilings and the value of appearances." Here was a word convenient and familiar, and Lady Oldenshaw caught at it. "Trust me, Miss Belcarro, the one thing no one can afford to neglect is appearances," she said significantly. ''Mr. Brabazon knows that as well as I do. Don't you, Mr. Bra bazon? The relative value of truth and appearances- rubbish ! The world judges only by appearances-indeed can judge by nothing else-and is in its right to judge by them." " Undoubtedly my Lady Oldenshaw has propounded a social truth," said the Master of Hulett, sacrificing to policy and Mrs. Grundy. "Nevertheless," he added, sacrific ing to Julia and his own vanity; "a man must judge of these relative values for him self." " Which brings us round to the doctrine of individualism and Herbert Spencer," said Julia. " And yon had better be mending your stockings and practising your scales," snapped Lady Oldenshaw. "I hate to hear a girl talk in this manner. It is not ladylike and scarcely decent." " Then you cannot have known many Girton girls, Lady Oldenshaw," said Julia hardily. " Thank heaven, no t " said my lady with less politeness than fervour. " 1 am too old fashioned for these new crazes !" " Let us call them developments,"said Julia. "Just as these"-with a sweep of her hand -"are your cultivators'developments, so is the >i>i-de-siecle girl, the New Girl of Girton and the colleges, the latest development of the wild stock." " And I prefer the wild stock," seid Lady Oldenshaw. "And I the cultivated," said Julia boldly. 