BLACK DINGO. [Br J. J. SHBEIDiK.] CHAPTER XX. DEMON HAUNTED When Whyse fired at Dingo he saw a dark shape dashing away at a rapid pace. This figure the old overseer mistook for the retreating form of tbe outlaw. In this he was mistaken, for tbe criminal had fallen while the horse rushed off frightened by the explosion. Daniel had aimed high and the mass of the charge passed over Dingo ; but a portion of it struck him diagonally across the head. The outlaw remained where he had fallen, in an unconscious state, until the grey dawn crept up the sky and made the objects around dimly visible. On first opening his eyes the wounded man stared stupidly at the heavens. After a time he tried to look about him, and as he turned his eyes to the right he could see the luminious outline of a man. The face was towards him and the eyes gazed fixedly into his. The countenance seemed familiar. ' Where have I seen it?' he thought. Presently the figure waved its hand as though iudicating a course the prostrate man must pursue. Dingo staggered to his feet and faced the silent figure. Once again it motioned to him to go. At last the outlaw recognised, or thought he recognised John Old country, the man he hadmnrdered in Yarra Glen. The wretch trembled through every fibre of his being, the cold sweat hung in beads on hisj brow, hie eyes fixed wide in horror, and his iaw feli. The shade advanced and pointed to the (South. Dingo stretched his arms out to ward off bis persecutor and then with a frenzied effort tried to close with him ; but thu shaking limbs passed through the form and met no substance Once more be tried, and theu stricken with terror fled. The outlaw sped on until ex hausted, and as he paused to look behind be 6aw the spectre gliding toward him still pointing to tbe South. All that day he rushed madly on. When night came he fell exhausted and found merciful oblivion in sleep. Ljng before morning he awoke to his misery and beheld his awful companion. Rising to his feet tbe wretch ran on. Every time he looked back the grim hunter urged him for ward. Day after day the hauuted man sped through the bnsb, had brief lapses of UDConciousuess, only to awake and find the avenger by his side urging him to fresh exertions. Oae evening, just as the son was setting, tbe shade swept past the terror- stricken wretch and placed itself in front of him. Slowly a shadowy arm waB uplifted aud pointed to the earth. Dingo obeyed the signal and sank upon his knees, aud thus they remained while the twilight gathered around them. Other misty forms came with the darkness and the kneeling man was surrounded by a ring of curling vapours. The night closed quietly down, not a sound disturbed the solemn stillness. Suddenly a faint glow radiated from the fleecy ring and the man gazed slowly around; wherever bis eyes turned the mists parted and a face appeared. In every countenance he beheld the semblance of some poor unfortunate who had suffered through his wiles. Theface8 came closer and the circle closed in on the bewildered felon. Hour by hour thp epectrep gathered, their shimmering faces filled the glen and stretched in shining slopes to heaven. Who shall tell how long the miserable onp shrank beneath those glowing eyes — what oentnries of agony were contained in the dragging moment s. A movement, as of a mighty roller rushing to tbe shore, and the sea of faces waa scattered and rent; whilo awfal forms of hellish majesty uproso on every band. Grim, cruel, and terrible were those dire princes of the infernal world. They reached forth their sable arms to clutch their helpless quarry when the delirious wretch, stricken to tbo soul by the horrors he had conjured, bounded from the earth with a great cry and so gave up the ghost. ( 21b be continued.) 