STORIES FROM THE D1ART OF A DOCTOR AN OAK COFFIN (Coktohted). (iK THS BTEiKD MAGAZKE.) In the course of the day I got a telegram acquainting me with Mis. Heathcote's condition. It still re mained absolutely unchanged, and there was, in Mackenzie's opinion, no necessity for me to pay her another visit. Early the next morning, the rtqmreu ururr isliuu uuut &uc; vjiuucn Mackenzie wir«.d to apprise me of the face, and I telegraphed back, making an appointment to meet him at Kensal Green on the following morning. 1 shall not soon forget that day. It was one of those blustering and intensely cold days which come oftener in March than any other time of the year. The cemetery looked as dismal an such a place would on the occasion. The few wreatas ot flowers which were scattered bere and there on newly made graves were eodden and deprived of all their frail beauty. The wind blew in great g'iste, which were about every ten .uinutes accompanied by showers of sleet. There was a hollow moaning noise distinctly audible in the intervals of the storm. I found, on my arriTal, that Mackenzie was there before me. He was accompanied by one of the ?coroner's gnen and a police-constable. Two men who worked in the cemetery also came forward to assist. No one expressed the least surprise at our strange errand. Around Mackenzie's lips, alone, I read an expression of disapproval. Kensal Green is one of the oldest cemeteries which surround our vast Metropolis, and the Heathcotes' buiy ing-place was quite in the oldest portion of this God's acre. - It was one o: the hideous, ancient, rapidly going out-of-cate vaults. A huge brick erectk- was placed over it, at one Bide of wbiua was the door of entrance. The earth was removed, the door of the vault opened, and some of the men went down the steps, one of them holding a torch, in order to identify the coffin. In a couple of minutes' time it was borne into the light of day. When I saw it I remembered poor Mrs r Heathcote's wild ravings. 'A good, strong, oak coffin, which wears well,' she had exclaimed. Mackenzie and I, accompanied by the police-constaMe and the coroner's man, foLowed the bearers of tbe coffin to the mortuary. As we were going there, I turned to ask Mackenzie how his patient was. He shook his head as lie answeret me. 'I fear the worst,' he replied. ' Mrs Heathcote is very ill indeed. The fever rages high and is like a consuming fire. Her temperature was a hundted and five this morning.'1 'X should recommend packing her in eheei vrung out of cold water,' I answered, ' Poor woman ! — how do you account for this sudden illness, Mackenzie ?' He shrugged his shonlicre. '' Shock of Eoms sort,' he answered. Then he continued : ' If sbe really knew of this day's work, it would kill her off pretty quickly. Poor soul,' he added, ' I hope it may never reach her ears.' We had now reached the mortuary. The men who had borne the coffin on their shoulders lowered it on to a pair of trestles. They then took turn screwe out of their j ockete, and in a business-like and callous manner unscrewed the lid. After doing tbJB they left the mortuary, clssin* the door behind them. The moment we found ourselves alone, I said a word to the police CDnstable, and then going quickly up to the coffin, lifted the lid, Undtr ordinary circumstances, each a pr-- cseding would be followed by appalling results, which need n3t here be described. Mackenzie, whose fare was very white, stood near me. I looked at him for a moment and then flung damn me pan wmcn was meant to conceal the face cf the dead. 1 he dead truly ! Here was death, which had never, in any sease, known life like ours. Mackenzie ottered a load exclamation. The constable »nd the coroners mau came close. I lifted a bag of flour out of the cofli;, ! There were many similar bies there. It had been closely packed, and evidently with a view to count* rfeit the exact weight of the dead men. Poor Mackenzie was absolutely speechless. The coronet's man began to take copious notes ; the police cicstaUe gravely did the same. Mackenzie at last fousid his tongue. ' I Mever felt more 6tunned in my ; . 'lc» '?« o«iiu. in very irutn, x all p but sjw the man die. Where is he? i- In the name of Heaven what has \ become of him? This is the most -l monstrous thing I have ever heard of ?;| in the whole course of my life, and ? }V and 1 attended the funeral of those ;y bagsofflota-J No wonder that woman |- never cared to see me inside the house |. again. Bui what puzzles me,' he con f i - tinned, ' is the motive — what can the '; ~ motive be ? ''Perhaps one of the insurance }- companies can tell ua that,' said the police-officer. 'It is niy duty to \ ' report this thing, sir,' he continued, j I turning to me. ' I have not the least V ; donbt that the Grown will prosecute.' | ?' ' I cannot at all prevent your taking jt| what steps you think proper,' I replied, ,f ' only pray understand that Ilia poor ($-.. may wuo is me principal perpetrator |f in this fraud lies at the present |: moment at death's door. h- 'We must get the man liinEell,' L: murmured tbe pol!oofficer^ 'If he jj_ is alive we shall soon fiud him.' I HaW-an-hour later, Mackenzie and I I Lad left the dismal cemetery, !Fs I had to hurry tack to HarJcj-street 1? to attend to some important duties', |j but I arranged to meet Mackenzie that 11 evening at the Heatletts' house. I £§:' need not «gp that nr.w thtmtrhta mn much occupied by Mis. Hrs'Jico'.e and her miserable story. What a life that wretched Heathcote must h-Vi led daring the -last eix Dionthp. TSo wonder he lookeJ ccdiverous is the moonlight fell over hie gaunt figure. Mb ghost truly -was he, but a man of like flesh and blood to ourselves — a man who was supposed to be buried in Ksnnl Green, but ?who yet walked the earth. It was about eight o'clock when I reached the Heamooles' house. Mac kenzie had already arrived — ha came into the hall to meet me. -' Where is Miss Gabrielle?' I asked at once. ' Poor child,' he replied ; ' I have bfgged of her to stay in her room. She knows nothing of what took flsce this morning, but is in a terrible state of grief about her mother. Sbe is Bulking fast. Will you come to her at once, Halifax — she has asked for jou several times.' Accompanied by Mackenzie, I mounted the stairs and eaten d the sick room. One glance at the patient's face showed me all too plainly that I was in the chamber cf death. Mrs. Heathcote lay perfectly motionless. Her bright hair, still the hair of qn'te % young woman/was fiaog back wn the pillow. Her pale face was wet \v th perspiration. Her eyes, solemn, d rk and awful in expression, turnei aod fixed themselves on me as I appro l-hed the bedside. Something like the ghost of a smile quivered round her lips. She made an effort to strc'.ch ont a shadowy hsnd to grasp mm ?. *' Don't stir,' I said to her. * I1 r haps you want to say something ? X will stoop down to listen to y -u. 1 have very good hearing, so }--u can speak as low bb you please.' | She smiled with a sort of pleasure . at my understmding her. ' I have something to confess,1' she said, in a holiow whisper. ' Send the nurse and — and Dr Mackenzie out of the room.' I was obUged to explain the dying woman's wishes to my brother physi cian. He called to the nurse to follow him, and they immediately left the room. As soon as they had done bo, I bent my head and took one of Mrs. Heathcote's bands in mine. 'Now,' I said, 'take comfort — God can forgive sin. You have sinned ?' 'Oh, yes, yes ; but how can you psasibly know?'' 'Never mind. I am a good j=iigc of character. If telling me will relieve your conscinnce, speak.' 'My hnBband ia alive,' she mur mured. 'Yes,' I said, 'I guessed is much.' 'He had insured his life,'' she continued, 'for — for about fittorn thousand pounds. The moner was wanted to — to «ave us from dishonour. We managed to counterfeit— death.'' {to be cotthnued.) 