The Rev. John MoNeill on Missions. Speaking at a rocoption breakfast whioh was givon to him and his co- worker (f.ir. J. H. Burko) by the Brisbane Ministers' Union on Monday, tho rev. John MoNoill, the famous ovangeliBt, said : — Their wel come to Australia had been a kind of tri umphsl procession all tho way along, and ho hoped thoy would not bo spoiled by it. He was glad they wore going to work along ?with tho ohurchos. Thoy had no nnw mothods,nopatontt.ricks— they had only tho old goapol. They took very little stock of what wub called tho higher criticism mid the nuw theology. Tho old gospol suited Mr. Burke, for tho postexilic views did not turn into hymns, and his (thosptukor's) viows woro just what wore exprossed in tho hymns. They found that all over the world \- at home, in tho United States, in South Africa, oven when His meaaigo had to bo translated— tho samo influence went with the story of redeeming love and gracj. He trusted they would havo good times to gether, Thoro was a Scotch bit that went in the direction of cannynoss and cau tion, and an Irish bit that went in the other way, and it noeded all tho grace of God to got along with them. (Laughter ) As to tho results of tho work, there was no hurry to nnko ovory thing visible. Whon they had gone tho regular ministry would stop in, and what over God had done the prod ing would upputil ill liiu uLuumijr wiuuuui. j iiojr nc,c somotimuB overdoing things with ' aco md meetings,' and wero a littlo apt to shift the focus. God's word was 'preach,' and ho believed in that up to tho hilt, ' Whilo Poter spake the Holy Ghost fell on thom bl;at hoard.1' Ho and Mr. Burko wero only horo for a fow days, and thoy would rather tho mission should 'pan out' woll aftor they bad gono than bo in a hurry to tabulate ruBults. A shrewd young follow at Ballarat told him thoy wero tho sixth party of ovangolistio tramps that had wsitod that city within a few ye.irs, and now tend of listening to the preaching he a instinctively watching for oach man's rtioular ' tip fur tho second mooting, & waa surprised that what ho (Mr. LNeill) had to say at tho socond moetinu said it in i ho sermon, jfivangolists woro tting into a dangorous crowd, getting inmitteoB to watch this socond mooting d test tho evunqolist by his ability to got o people to 'take tho hurdles' properly, iiughtor.) Ho spake of that with scorn, id refused to bo tested by the second coting. Thoy all know tho man ovor horn thoy rujoicod with an oxoeedingloud -icod joy, because of his profession in the icond mooting. He was duly tioketed, boiled, aud counted (sometimes . moro lun onco), and ton days alter,— the man -oh ! whore was ho '( Another man over ?horn they wopb with equally loud-voiced mionUtion, because he would not wait )r the aeound mooting— as the time wont y that man was changed. If thoy mado n auJit of tho mission at once, and then 'uck an audio again « fortnight later, it rould bo all knookod upsido down. Ho rautul to encourage his brethren in tho nini?try who could not work tho second neoting. Tho oonveits would come into lis not all right, tho fish into Iub bnski-t, A-d pooplo would apply for membership in ,he ohurchos. Of course if they hud a man ike Muody, who had an original God sreatcd gift, that camo out ohiofly in tho yorking of the socond mooting, it was lifferont. But everybody ran away and iriOCl 10 llmt'ito mm, iuiu iu w;ia nou auu :ossful. ' By faith tho Israolitos pnBsod through tho Red Soa an by dry land, whioh tho Egyptians .essaying to do woro drowned.' (Much lauglitor.) That was ono of tho vorsos which convinced him that thoro whs humour in tho Bible. Tho man who wrote that text must havo lv»d a broad grin on hia faco. (Ronowod laughter.) Let them not bo Egyptians, i.ot them do things in thoir own way, walk on thoir own feet, and eaoh stand or fill to his own Master. After a reforonco to tho uso and powor of song, Mr. M'Moill resumed h;n seat amidst applause 