III^SmMI :ic™^«pp^fii3p $m»m- ] 4,nincan Press Ai^utibn. ' ?' CHAPTER XIV. ...'..'- I*1«.. that tjvi-nmg old Kenyon, dropping in to~se.ii ili« doulor, fiu«d. the tnll cavalryman iscuted At a -lu*k in HoWwi's library, niiil, ns lie j-rn«iplly nrose and stood creel in «'- fenowkiigment-of thu jjrrswice :of tin! post commander, the »m»Jor strode straight up lo liim fliid li-*ltl oulJiis liand : *' Sergeant, I am «s proud and plensrd as vnnr null fnllier could lip. When n whole regiment ri'coiMiiPiids n mou for a couimihsiiui, os this day's wail tells us, JlV worth liioru than olftliHsriiHlorialbnckiiig in Columbia. It tuny not fetch it. but ttl ratlin- Iwwit. 8 g 4K-$e ijj tlfe w^ia.Wr;''* J * ip t trQSa j*ia»$st I Nb:kinjK Not evf l a * :- --'tlot even n w»tigrM-6mau. A wstw, per linps ; lull 4lint is nil.' ' Well, well, will ! Never mind, though, my lad : we'll sor you through. WJi.it you must do is-ftet Strom: imd well. You're but the ghost of youiisrlf, mid the doctor ami I We mured you over here ns n inutt-5- we ?owu ihr regiment. J tliou^ht yon were told to go to J..-d au hour ago. Which is your room. 41 Tlio doctor 1ms 'iwii ''' 'IB 1'°11 of 'ie (op iloor, sir, but mine is ihe fiont Win on tliis-vide,' «nwwil Kllis.^invWy. ??'AVell, it's tittiofor j'oo-to turn in. so 1 order it. Let me si*. Thin is the twenty 4iftji-of January. A. inonHi from now, or two * fet most, 1 hope' lo'see you with n strap on your shoulder, and long l-cfore that wiiii the HueIi of health ill yourx'lwek. No-y pood jiight to you and ph-asant dreams. ' And ?the Hiiijor strode u^vuV. 'Only tin hour nfler sunset the silver dM; ?of the ii oon had liertiuloud'tfss and unveiled, mid now, ns tlm bugle wns«cnlling the Muted «nes luuk to the^iost lor night inspection of, qlini tei-6, ( lit; HurnisheH Jhield wns high nloft, flooding the 'load vnlley with its rudiiint hhei'ii, throwing '-black shadows upon the In-null roadway, (In- 'while picket fence, - he jdibteniiig \erund-.ilis nt the post. Maiden, set uining from -a lute visit lo some of his ^lients nt I l.e'liospilul, stopped and looked .iiuickly and intently up at the little gallery oterliajigtiig Iheenstwnid wall. Jn tin-- front room, Unit which In; had nssigiu-d to Ellis, a lighl burned dimly. The A'etielimiViudov of ilie rear room lending to the gnlhry wns dink, yet --pen, and on I he lillli- ledge, leaning again*! I ho insuici.t. Pie incor.li^l't glcniuh'g on his fweHiid form. **M nil soldier was pnzinjj intently i-nslwiird. Quietly llolden strode along, entered the p-ile, went noiselessly into the hall and up ill.- stairs. The dour from Nito's r«oi|i, An ?lu I he. landing stood wide open. At (his jun ?turea peiwin stniielitij: »mild «cul-l lune 'wen llie .silenltjceupaiit of ' RuM'W-s' ltnost'- :iurn wi'h n sudden sinrt mid P'-er into the mom, f.n- llcilden, his eyes fixed upon the fjeiiiniiif:, Rliiitniiii!: i-|i:-«:-' hrtweeu iht: two li-nr wiiidous and just nvei llie loilet tnl.le, Jnid pUrpoS-ly rfroppeiNiis lieBNy stick «-th iresouudiiiK .clatter upoii this lauding floor. *?! iliought so,' he niuttrivi-l in serene smis ^ii'iiiion. Then pit-'iiii' np'his stick 4ie calui ly studied across the thre&hhold; and inlo (lie flu 1 1; room. ' IJenutiful view of o inooulifth, nielli liHis. Mhat was Hiss Gulhrio's faiourile perch v Inn bhc was here.' CHAPTKIl XV. A !;rent city is druped in niouriiiu«. On eirry side, at half slull, the nntinniii t\n-i lin i^s limp and lifeless in the moist null mis -y ii ir, ns though of its own viol it ion droop ina in honour of the. soldier d«ftd. Un3er tin- mkU1--ii .skies, through tlnonsed yet silent stri-clR, in lung, long roltimii chosen detiich ineiits of soldiery are lending lo its -innl testini; place the shrouded clay of him who to such glorious purpose had led the Union I.lue in every field from the Mississippi to the sen, and uho llirouyli long y--ars of iioin.ured serviue ranked foremost on the rolls of thu imny — fon most perhaps in »he. jtnut heart of the people. Tor d:iys, ns though in sympathy wiih the wide?jn-end prief, the henvens have pounil their floods upon ihcliroun and leafless slnjx-s. All im tun' sp.eiiis plunged into nintry «lonm. The lilaik smoke fnmi a host uf stacks and ohiin nevs hus settled down 'uj-on (lie sil.-nt cit_\ -joiriing it like a pnli. From north and south, from -nst and west, Imitations and ? mtieiii-s, national and stale, have licen con ceiili-aling lo hike part in the last honours lo tin; illustrious chief, aid dripping, yet dis ciplined, u-itlii'iit the Mir of martial music, the men have ninivliwl from the trains lo Ihe i-fiidi-zvous assigned ihrm nliuul the louu. At last the hour lias cnnii-. Tlio ue«-|iiin- slii.-s have cli.vKed lln-ir 'ears. The stieils and siihtwnlks :iliin» tin- line of liiin-li sw.-irni vith eitir.i-Ks, «4msi- hiwlifd voices nw\ tevir i-nt mien bpeuk -liii|'i.nlly uf their sense of the national Ioks. Fichu ninny n Klatelv iiiaiisinii and nimlisl lionn-sliiicl out. li--yond tin! l.usiliess wclion feMtioim of lihu-k are ilntteiiii' ill lite lising l-ieize, the ling is tuiiit-il vilh erape, lln- » indtiws, . Imli- oiiies mid steps mi: alive «illi speclatni's. And, flit .nit on the uvt.funid awiiui1, on :i kIii It «d |«rlico thai piojccts lioiii a solid, old fnsliioned residenci- of cut btouu and almost oveihiings the str.-.-t, linn- is gailiend :i lillle Ih-vv of fsiir fi'iins nn.l faces which u .- sinv l.t^ejin- I'm - t lit! tii-st limu that lndi:ui MimiiK-ry aftcilouii of (iio recepliou at Pa » noii. The rapid trot nf onl.ili s mid iiimlr.tcd puJW. Nimt ahend In wjiiii I he pr.puliiin n|V (lie ^tieet flint Kill; In tlie siile.wulk, m d the distant wulinj; nf iiiMiliirv trumpels fur (Iiiuii the nveiiiie. li.'iw lulil that lintv t!n fiim ttil --olumii is ii|-piiMi-liiiiK ; m.d fiotn III.' «..iiiilh of the i-iiBj- piiilnr, well u nipped in i- iintles and lui'S llie lailies lnuo cinne ♦oi t|i into the i-hilly 1'i-lniniiy day — Mrs. lieni.ii. Mis. ll.,l-r.-n M..d her c'hildien .; WMiified whose Mvlt i In-. lt«s tire aglmv und whose dark eyes turn iiistonily, cugeily to WArd;l1)y bead o|tho*dNum.-ingrecort ; Nita ldlM!fe»Vi^P.^telW^i&n;^aw»f 4 %' i^^3i|^PlpS|pp«My| |MTi^iadri*!(eji1^ra0i«jjl^ |oJiMi(.r «id ilii! -yoy^roiii ;t JiuS^Wfi'J-^ng ^iily; a f wv ; days houii; fioni lh« -ttii ring sconus of its lii'iwe campuijju ?: :4 h«:-~h'#imej»Jyr has Jmeii liron^ht hilliei liy \:l)ie ni'ileis of; a ?:om-ral who knows tlmir moiiIi as woll lie knows their ?^vrpng1%i1«1^lAiwi'ffioiaiei*hiwi:t '1ms felt for tliMii in olitheir trials. ' ' It was iii his jioujer to jiH-e this honor to others, 1«ui. though Jiis «wn old regiment is witliin -'UKy cjiII, Jn; means that On: p'fiplt) *!!^|i^%l!^a'Ssto.^«*yi-aJJM.i'r of men we Hii:si)J^jpiii^^8 and; |-ulpit Jinve ns siileii, und ngiiiniit u4mse. l'nir faim: the 1IIHI.O UlBIU4|llt-4 4IU«4* .IICI'II 1IUIIU1I, Ittl.y ^«# tall Idunted and limken or, liki; hooi-'erungs, cuiiil- hurliiu: nack ulniut tin: «*iSMif tin: thrower. Vindicated liy tin; verdict of his pi-eri, tlouhly vindiented liy the highest pow rrs--fc..;rtie ljiiid.^riiyTiiaii^d Fufi|uhur is ulK&eu;^o coiitiniiiid the escort, ami, thoililh tlieTjoiy-:r of tlic ntitioii's EtiKlii-ry mnrchesiu. lliejuiitiral train this day, the eyes of all -the [jatliereil iJ.rongiiie sUtiined to sou .and liftil uud hoi. or the standard and the guidons of tilt; men who t-ore tlu- liriiiit of battle only two short months gone !-y. ?. And with the sijuudruus and the guiis frour Puwnec came sudi of tin; wounded ofiieersns wmu w-dl enough to lie truiiK(oitcd hillii-r, und with them half a dnzitn of tlig ladies of thu gnrrisoii. To the huge delight of llw old baltnlion, two of whose troops arc cruelly thinned in numbers now, the. jovial major is permitted l-y Dr. llolden to mount 'Old Glory' und take his position in front of the line. To the tremulous joy of Winilrnd ISer lieii, Mr. Bre«ster hau telpgrapli'd from Washington, uhilher he was summoned im mediately after Hie close of liie investigation' at the ugeucy, liiildmg them ln-ing his -horse and ctjuipmeuts, for even I hough lin cannot draw sulier he means to ride with 'tin; liiack troop' on this day of diiys. SIih 1ms not seeit^him sinue that wonderful morning when, like a young snow king, he burst through the (lei-cy harriers ahout them and stood before her rejoicing eyes their rescuer,; her father's preserver, her lover, her hero; and ever since in his pride he hus held aloof from her and all she holds dear. She can hardly hush the fluttering of her heart as ?tow, near at hand, slut hears the familiar strains of the trumpets of the Twelfth, still sounding the mournful dead march. Oilier ladi«s of the Twulfth-jire hen — Mis. Hn?.leH, Mrs.'Umliani nnd Mr^. AVarn-H ; and siiiull wonder can there In; that their ^'-t'i eyes liil with l-ars. Ever since llie tiiiefiuid l.totnly campaign tin: sad, solemn tones have bueu their dnijy music. The crape is 1101 yet rust ing on thu sword liilts of their lords, worn in honor of poor Thorpe and 'llnnd and Bur-, rows, when it is renewed for the geiicrul in chief. And now the crowds '-have drifted hiti-lc from ilie asphid]. 'fhe plntooii of niolinti'd police hns sl-jwly claftered by. Then in long. iiinl;, liout'to lioot, iiiurHid in iheir lilueovtr wi'ais, i In- yellow jljneil c-ajies turned luck, led by ilnir ve'-.-imi ililcf ui J guiding limit spirited grays wi;h hardly a tou.-h of n in, llie. tvumpelers of ihe Twelfth cover the sireil from cuib to curb, I lie. brnzeii bells up ' lift--d and pouring fonli their mournful strains. A little space, and then, mounted on meliletome liny in the rich -housings of u gejiciul officer, lln-iv liilt-s the nimslmlof the parade, followed by rank afiei -rank of start' Allici-is, all in thu sombre dark blue ot the service. Thr nut-uinn fiosts of n vignrmis life have silvered the strands at his temple, and tinged with ruddy glow tint cheeks of that til in and soldierly face, but llie eyes gU-aiti clear and uli an -ns ever thpy shone a (juai'tcr century nyo, «hen he and lrarquliar spurred through (he mistv forest tiMus about Oiuuidiliu and led tin! cheering troopers to llie charge on Pivk«tt's ciouuhing line nt ihe Forks. He knows (he fair parly on die tin tin ie iinlooiiy at a srngli: glnuce, mid touches the visor of his forage cup ns he moves slowly by, the.n sumnnms an uiil, gi\es bini a low toned ordrr, and tlie otlicer reins aside to lee his comrades puss, then jogs buck down the avenue to meet the column. And now necks are cninini; on every side, and t\ murmur runs uloii' tlie crowded baiKiuette, A inmimir that fain wcniM biciik forth in a cheer lull for tint solemn occasion of their coining. Kyes yli-uin and brighten : lips stir with in articulate greetina ; linnds, k-iL-liiufs and hats are waved in voic-less acclaim. Any other liniu und all the ^reat city would luirtt into tumultuous cheer, for hero ri.les grav haii'-d K.-irquiinr at ihe In-ud of his swill', and just beliind them, commanding tin- Two'.i Ii, I &Mll; pallid from hi« unuiids, but erect nml soblieily us ever, the senior major, dear old Ljei- rieu, lowers his snbm in nckuowledgmeui of the salute of tin; niil, bends his tor to lis ten 10 thft messnge, glances t|uicl;ly nt llie U:\loony into tliR siiiiling fnce of his vvife, meeting Winifred's dark and glou ing eye?, but, bhaUes his head, motions to Dr. Hohlen. who is at his left rear, and nmliles on. llol deii nods apprccintitjily o\i ircii|)t of whnt seems to be n similar niissu^e, leins out of column, followed bv bis oiiHerlv_ tfliKuiniints »t tin- sim- street, nnd pn sent ly is slundiiig by bis wif, 's side, welcomed most cordially by Miss (iuilirie lo the now crowrfetl bn loony. In ciilumn of plutonus stretcliiug from walk lo walk, ch nr acioss the street, muks carefully idigiii-d, every mini's bt.-nil nml eyes sliaight to the limit, the lending troops of the Twelfth are now clinking slendily by. Haz'ett hns glniiced nut. of the coim-rs nf Ilis i-yes tit the lovelv picture on the snllrry, but, litling nt attention as they ate, mid on duty, he iimkt-s no ML'li. Uaiitbil|ih anil RlJ'e w»y, heatlina their plntooiiF, strive In do two tilings at once— look «R though ihi-y saw nml apprecint.d the llutteiiiig »r.-etiu^s of haml and handkercliiff ami smiling eyes to lln-ir right, und stillinok^is ilmugh iln-v ili.l mil see it :it ull. The. sohi-Ik, -iHie arn_\s have Son'1 I'V, the buy hoop is pa-sin:.', an.) now [ yonder comes tiorliuin iiver on llie oilier sitle of tin- street, thn neiin-st lie can -i-t t.i his regultil ion position of four yards to the let'l -il his hading jiliimon, uud nut from tliesliel in in;; Ki:i-irn of tin' 1 randies and in front of the i-oniro of the liisi subdivision of the l-ltU'lcs-, his cnbie arm still in its sling, his f:,t-e pale wilh eoiiliii.iiiiiit and sullering, but trill ami slslwnrt riilc, Cuily. 'Oli, tliere'k Mr. llrewuti-i ! Mr. lirewsler ! Oh, why -doesn't he look 1' cries MisgUutlivie, ^Sliifli^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mffiiripu^^ hu1f^^^^^ip»-|^|l|i'r1)ligi'^g^%|jmrVatrd JiTJ a Ei-cKiid llie light leiips to liS^JT^p^fluiih ib his -'pn1lid^'^hi-i!k.''i'^-4ii^JM!--tii'^|yoiiii'jK'nn' tnitcbi-s in till! effort of the hand to rencli^-liii enp tisor, iuiiI the iustuut tuti'go of shoift ing patu brings him to his seiisiis. . He iiifsl one lirief, (liMting (oak, however, nt tlie beam in jr face he loves, and helms just Unit; for nj half gesture, with the bridle linnd, a little nod, und then, as on he rides, )n- fttels rnttmr than sees that one sweet face that trained upon him has suddenly puled, that one grace ful tfoim is . now sUgi-cring hack, into llolden's waiting and eupi-ctnnt nrnis. Only two platoons in tin: bluek troop lo-tluy, for the others sleep lienenih the wintry tod or still languish in the hospital ward. Only two platoons. JL$re.w6trr. heads, jhc iiist ? \i fall, dark oytkl, durk lmiustuclu-d sirytant the second. ? \ ?- -'. -., %t . *? U'Jiej-es Sergeant Kilisl' critj Mri Dei rien, in 'her pride nnd jilensure. :?'' Anil he's shaved off his Iiitarcl. Did'youever see him' look to young and well ?' JJut Airs, llolden, too, has tuiue'd, nud does not Jjeeil. -Her watchful eyes, her nt ti-nt !*-_? ears, have othor «ork tB 'do. Obeil tent 4o her husband's touch, she has drawn close to his sitle. Jt is into her urms and his th.it. -with one -quick, gasping, stilled cry, Nita (juthric has -fullen us though Elriclcen by aliolt from henven. It is by these loving arms the limp and prostrate form is ipjiclcly borne within nud laid upon -tin; -sofa, nud Holdcn uliispcrs Id his duvoled wife. ' It is all clear now.'. ?Tlmt night, the long cejcmouies of'the'day concluded, il throng of fair 'wonien and binvr men arc 'atln.-red in ihu parlors uud corridor' of ihe great hotel. Down in the marbled court talow some Italian musicians -are play ingsoft, sweet music. Out in tlie street, under the glare of the electric light, a line rr giment of state troops has drawn up in long extended line and is standing nt ease while its officers are bidding fnrewe'l to a liost of fiieuds -upon the wufks below. -Here; nutl above are soldiers of all blanches of the/ser vice, who -with the -inoriiingif sun will' he sciittcring to thuii stations again. Some an: clustered in the broud vestibules and on (he oilier Iloor. OiJiers, the juniors uininlv, are. paying their respects to tlie wife, of tlie' com maudiuy gem-rul and to the Indies of the Twelfth, for ou tJie morrow they, too, witii the legimelit, take flight for their prairie l-.oine. The hour is late, nud gnverul of those pre sent have just come in from a somewhat sub dued and ijuie.t entertainment given, in thuir huiror-al one of the beautiful homes of tlie city. The sulemu nature of: th(t duty that lias called them hitiipr precludes the possi bility 'f any genei-il gatj.ei ing, but tin: din ner to which liie ISerrieu's ond others were iiidden lias last-ed soHongthnt Winifred b» gan to believe it would nrier end, and 51 r«. IScrrii-n Imd seen nil too plainly that, thou»li she strote-to appear j..yous und nppieciative, her duughter lougud to leave tin; scene and leturn to ihehotel, where, ns was well-known, ?tinny of (he olhWs wen- to spend the oven iyg. Notuutil nightfall had the Twelfth passed by on its return from thu innrch to thu -distant cemetery, and us they jogged along «t ease one or two of the troop'or platoon couiiiiuiiilei's, in nils wit -to joyous linil from tin: s.iiktwiilk, had wined out of colunin by old Merricn'is permission and dis mounted under i!i(. portico, but JJivwsler, smiling, had shnlveii his liead and gone on with 'his blacks to the. muddy cautoumi-nt fur down nt the southern verge. Winifred was already dnssi'd for dinner. She had hastened to her room as soon as they returned from tin; tj'utliries', anil airs. Ucrrien made, no comment. iSItu well iindersloo'l that th« girl's one thought wns to b» ready to whI coiiii; if he should come. There ivfts no tci liii}; at what uiiiiutit he might l-c announced. And though they weie. not lo h-ave the hotel until nearly seven, Winifred wns ready nl lour. The mother heurt yourneil over 'her child as she saw how the shadow!- deepened in her daik eyes when the column went on oui oi sijjni in me wintry gloaming, iiiews l-er -with it. At tiiut nioinciit slu: could nlinost sliarv her husliiind's idea of bringing the young man to ilis liiiiei then ami there. What business had he playing I lie indifferent in this uttcily uiieoldifi-ly fashion 1 How dare lie treat Wiiiifrnl with coldness? She had done him i:o wrong. Not since that night of the lust hop at Pawnee, the niglit the murch iug orders 'came, hail there Iiwii opportunity for the girl to speak to him at all. Of coumt the iniijor Imd been brusque and repellent and hud virlunlly forbidden his further at tentions; hut, heavens:, that was nut Wini fred's doing, and both [lie ni.ijnr und hei-self hud eiideavoun.-d to show him, without un necessary allusion lo the matter, that what soever might have 1 ? n dm suspicions or im pressions aroused liy the singular conduct of thi't iiiidfllf-a-!i:d married flirt, nt. I'uiuv they no longer entertained the. faintest ill opinion of him. li.deed, Mrs. itiirien u«ver had. Illue blooded herself, her fuith in i.ou sung was deep rooted. She had always liked Urewster, but she was a lova! wife and would in no wise act counter to her hus hiiud's wishes. Jjt was now, when Mr. Urewsler seemed allowing his pride and res entment lo prompt him lo this undeserved and cruel wouudiii' of her daughter's heart, that Mrs. Dt-rrien first felt any iiiikiii(llim-ss. .She could have made him sufli-r fur it, but tlintshe l;new it would hurt Winifc-d os well. Without a word, but ju»t so soon as tin- last of the yellow- ciipe linings disappeared from view, Winifred had turned from the parlor aiul again nought liei room. Mitt. 15,-rrie.n s.-ut a bell boy fur Mr. Randolph, who, lia\in« uisinounte.il nt the entrance, was slumlilig, the cciitiP of a group of friends, in il ? tirhli-fluorrd oilier below, .md Itnudolpli cainu up with tlm next tii|) of tin: elcvutor. (To I* cu.diu.v.d.) Sil- Isaat: Newton's ii-'phf% » clergyinnii, always rctiiKi-il a fen when he married n couple, snyiii** : ''(in your wny, poor »ul i-his, I hate done y:iu iniscbief ?liou^Il til irady.' 'Moth.-r, Sissy swoio. Site saitl she would'nt wear hi'i- dallied stov'niu^ to tliuvcli,' *? ♦ 