MISCELLANEOUS I'EMS. A keen business wan.-A gentleman recently about:to pay his doctor's bill said: " Well, doctor, as my. little boy jgave the maisles to all my neighbors' children, ,and ask they were attended by you, I think you can afford, at the very least, to deduct '10 per cent from the. amount of my bill for the increase of business we gave you," A young gentleman who had been A,.cquainted with his girl two nights at tempted to kiss her at the gate. After, wards he told the doctors that just as he "kissed her the earth slid from un der his feet, and, his soul went out of his mouth, while his head touched the stars." Late dispatch shows that what ailed him was the old nian's hoot, ''"The proper :study of, mankind is man." . Pope knew betterthan to say woman." Woman is too deep a study: for anybody to uinlertake. A brick house has been successfully removed bodily. in Brooklyn and placed on a site 140 feet distant, The opera tion occupied a month, but was found to be much cheaper than pulling down and re-erection. The building was placed in a rigid framework and the .walls were braced and shored by cross timb6rs. It was allowed to slide on grooved timbers, the frame upon which the liilding rested being provided with sliding shoes. ,Miss Modesty-" Have you a' book called - Guide` to Love-Letter Writing ?' Shopkeeper--." Ts it" for yourself, miss s" Miss Modesty--'fNo, it's for my grandmother." "Lounger's" contribution contains some' chai'ming definitions of Parlia mentary terms, Here are a few: The Governor-A?'. mechanical con trivance for opening and .shutting Parliament ; also a political safety valve and a social ornament. It is easily worked, Put a salary in the slot and you. get a..ll you want. Premier-The Parliamentary-' Boss. Minister-An Aunt Sally during question time. Oppositions-" Outs" who ha-', been, and still would go, to the Treasury bench. Independent Country Party-Neuter gender. 'Sticks that cannot be easily hound to gether, too green to fire info enthusiasm. Private Member-A party all to him self, whose chief delight it is to read sermons on . Wednesday afternoons. Hansard-A Parliamentary cemetery whence arise'ghosts to haunt traitors. :Orator-the member who never allows his imagination to suffer for his facts. Reporters--The scribes who male the speech, after the. orator sits down. Press-The newspapers that make the speaker and are acquainted wtith all the varying modes of ingratitude. Tax payer--The victim of Parliament ary jokes, for which he pays at the rate of about £500 a sitting. 