STAGE, SOIfi AID SHOW. Bevival of "Mas Cm" " Forty-Nine " at the Boyal. Strong: Programme at the TIvoll— Success of the Circus Soason. (That we have amongst as a manager pos sessing the ability, energy and enterpriso to giro periodical rorirals of Sbakesperean work every thoughtful playgoer has reason to be thankful. That the productions of which we speak have, ic the ensemble, ao far been of an admirable charaoter consti tutes furtharcauso for mutual congratulation. In the successful way So well known to his patrons Mr. Rignold producod his revival of "Julius Ciusar," with which a largo audience— including the Governor, Lady Duff and a party — wore entertained at Her Majesty's on Saturday evening. Re garding the performance in a general way it commends itsolf to warm eulogy, because ic was in certain rospects great and in every instance intelligent. Even in iho smallest parts thero was ovcry evidence of care and an earnest desire to givo tho work its full value, and to preserve the spirit and feeling of iho play. From a atago manager's point of view the revival was nothing loss than admirable, tho big scenes in tho Capitol und the Forum presenting evidence of rehearsal in which patient and skilful guidance had been bestowed. Nothing finer or inoro faithful to the classic " color " has bcon soon in Sydney, and for this as well as for several excellent individnal performances, all who assisted in a great ensumblo are to bo com mended. It is not the first occasion upon which Mr. Cathcart's Brutus has moved us to ad miring comment. Lob U3 express the hope that it will not ko the last, for such fine well-favored work must always be a delight to experience. With all tho breadth and satisfying' soundness of tho school to which he belongs, Mr. Cathcarc fashioned his per formance on Saturday. Fine alike as a character study and a display of elocution ary richness Mr. Cathcart maintained an even standard of excellence throughout. For Mr. Riguold's Marc Antouy wc havo also a liberal tribute of praise. MoviDg with dignity, and preserving alwayB tho im pression of commandingforceof character, the actor lifted his work to an unaeniablo pitch of excellence, to which he added splendid dramatic power and just point and emphasis in the dolivery of the sublimely-worded speeches. Working up with gathering strength to the close of the oration, " 0, pardon me, thou bleeding pieco of earth," Mr. Rignold so fired him to frenzy in the delivery of the line, "Cry havoek, and let slip the dogs of . war," that the house catching the spirit of the actor brought htm to the front With a thunder of applause. At all times highly intelligent, and in certain respects replete with merit, the Cassius of Mr. Scot-lngliB was a per formance of which he, as a comparatively young actor, may justly be proud. At pre sent the character of the crafty conspirator is scarcely realised, and more of which is ox- pressively termed "distinction " isnecessary to lift the performance to tho level of those of the twain with whom ho is closely associ ated; Unmistakably Mr. Scot-Inglis did not realise tho heat and impetuosity of tho quarrel scene, but at the close of it he made a strong and undeniable appeal. Mr. Charles Hall repeated a sound and commendable performance as Julius Ctesar, and Mossrs. Stirling-Wbyte, Harry Hodson, Lachlan M'Gowan, Clifford Barker and James Hazlitt held themselves with dignity and spoke their lines excellently as the conspirators. Miss Kato Bishop em ployed to advantage her singlo opportunity as Portia, and Miss Agnes Bristow, though unsuitably placed as Calpurnia, acquitted herself most creditably. To Mis3 Lena Loveday we accord a special word of praise for her Lucins, and for her melodious sing ing of the air " Orpheus with his Lute," Mr. Frank Harconrt as the Soothsayor and others of a long cast were in keoping with the worthiness of tho whole. The wiord ghost effects wore admirably contrived, and id all respects tho revival presented features with which every earnest playgoer should become acquainted. The announcement that Miss Maggie Moore was to reappear in the diameter of Carrots in "Forty-nine" at the Theatre Royal again on Saturday night attracted a very largo attendance, which proved to tho satisfaction of the management that a wise L course had been adopted in reviving this i popular play. Miss Maggie Moore played with nor tuual verve and spirit, and throughout tho evening applause was lavished cfn hor. She repeatedly brought down the house with her sougs, and had to < pay the usual penalty of an encore for her : singing and dancing. " Honey, Oh, Honey !" , "Love Mo Little, Love Mo Long" and tho " Swing Song" wore much appreciated by the large audience, and these items alone should ensure a good run for the piece. Mr. J. P. West, as old 'Forty-nine, did remark ably well, as also did Mr. H. R. RobertB, who took tho part of Arthur Denison, The part of Bella was safely entrusted to Mies Constance Dcorwyn, and that of Missis sippi to Miss Melville, who gavo a good pourtrayai of tho charaoter. Tho other characters wore all well staged. Mr. Rofo appeared as Colonol James, Mr. Stowartas Tom Bradshaw (the confidential clerk), Mr. Oily Deering oh Ned (the Burvivor of tbo Mountain Meadow massacre), and Mr. Coslello as Cousens. Tho piece ran well from beginniug to end, and, judging from the way in which it was received, wae a marked success. It will be repeated to night, to-morrow night and Wednesday night, ; The Tivoli Theatre on Saturday evening was orowded, and owing to. the length of the programme the curtain rose before 8 o'clock, Mr. Billy Akarman wan quito at home as the host, and on the corners wore Charles Faning, Will Bovis, Charles Bovis, Clarence Lyndon, and in the socond part George H. VVood and Alf. Lawton. With this half-dozen in ovidenco it would havo been strange if the comio element was not strikingly noticeable. G. H. Wood secured an cnooro for "The Whistling Pest," and Mr. C. Faning was in general demand, tho parody on the efforts of a nervous ballad-singer especially exercising the risible faculties of tho audience. Alt Lawton'e song, " Still His WhiekereGrow," proved a highly popular numbor. The bal lad singing was particularly fine, the following being on the programme :— Miss Tnsma Sherwin, "Poor Wandering Une"and"It Was a Dream;" Miss Ada Baker, " The Merman's Cave ;" Mr. Harry ... Fitzmanrice, "Father O'Flynn;" and Mr. Percy Shannon, " Tell Her I Love Hor So." (Che farce "Absolute Divorce" wont off amid general hilarity, and Slado Murray exactly hit the popular fancy with his songs " Choap To-day" und "I'm Teetotal," See. Miss Alma Obrcy, the serio comic, wae accorded an enthusiastic rocep- tion, and yells of merriment greeted Charles faning and Miss Georgio Dovoo in their " stranded" specialty. All wero glad to near Johnny Collins in his patriotic Irish songs, and Miss Emmie Morrison, the Anderson Sisters and Miss Clara Spencer came in for a fair share of applauso. The vocal ballot looked nicely in the limelight, and their singing and dancing was appreciatid as very good. "Ma Mie Rosotto" was cordially re ceived by a large audience at the Lyceum Theatre on Saturday night. Mr. Wallaco Brownlow being indisposed the music of the -King wns buuc by Mr. Sydney Deanc, who, all things considered, acquitted him self with much oredir. The afternoon and night performances of Messrs. Aboil and Klaer's circus on Satur day attracted largo audicucot, and the lengthy programme was gone through with many marks of appreciation. Bonham tho clown delighted the audience with his humor. Tho trick ponies, moDkeyB and dogB' performances wero most successful aud elicited loud applause. " At tho night anter- tainmcnt Martini won hearty plaudits for his fine exhibition of skill on tho hori zontal bars. Sing — tho vary clover horse man—was also loudly applaudod for the neat and artistic manner in which he got through his exercises on a bareback horse. Mdlles. Verron, Bartelle and Pearl's acts wont very well, and one of tho most pleasing items was the equestrianism of Miss Katie. Another matineo will be given on Wednes day next at 3 p.m., aud an aftarnoon per formance will also take placa.on Saturday. 