Ladies' Gossip. Another woman of mark--lime. Koecktin Schwartz, many years of whose life have been devoted to good works-has received what is still to be considered, where a woman is con cerned, the highest reward of merit-namely, the Cross of the Legion of Honor. The small number of women who have the right to wear the red ribbon-they are not more than twenty, even when reckoning the members of the religious nursing communities-renders this a distinction of the highest order. Vastly dif ferent is the violet ribbon belonging to the Palmes Academiques, which has of late years been almost too generously awarded for ser vices ill defined. The special character of this honorable grade is too often lost to sight, and persons are admitted into the list who have never done much to further educa. tion in any form; but this year the Govern ment has been somewhat more circumspect. Among the nominations that appeared last week were several female names. The dreadful tragedy which occurred the other day in the Rue des Martyrs, when a family consistingof father, mother and daughter put an end to their lives to escape the shame and troubles of growing poverty, has caused a greatdeal of comment and much very real com miseration. All their preparations seem to have been made with a stoicism that savors of the antique, and which one would hardly expect to find in an average middle-class household. Rather unfairly, perhaps. the opponents of ad vanced education for women set the tragedy down to the effects of an artistic training on an insufficiently biased mind; for many refuse to admit that the project could have been con ceived by either of the parents, but musthave originated with the daughter, who had received a superior education to her father and mother, and was both a musician and an artist. That her failure to secure a position as a teacher of music, or to get her pastels accented at the Salon, preyed upon the younggirl's mind--she was only twenty.three-was probable; and perhaps, her mental superiority over her parents may have influenced them. I like (says a writer to an English paper), some of the nursery superstitions. The thief in the candle; the stranger in the tea cup; the name that lurks in the coffee grounds; the bubbles in the tea cup that mean kisses; lucky money; the burning of the right or left ears; the itching of the nose; the itchoing of the eyes; turning the money at the new moon; the sneezing of the cat. All these are harmless little things at which the children laugh; they do not influence conduct-they make supersti tions rduculous. It would be a very pleasant thing for the Thirteenth Club to celebrate some of these superstitions; an enormous number can be collected. The Folk.Lore Society ; the author of the" Golden Bough ;" the Psychical Society could contribute hun. dreds of these pretty, idle, merry little super. stitions. DoBut the club must muvite girls to its evenings. What, for instance, without girls to go out and look:for it, is .the use of the new moon? Without girls to counteract the warning, what is the good of an itching nose ? And, ofcourse, for the Thirteenth Club there are most magnificent openings in the shape of ghosts of all kinds. But these things will follonwindue course; " Lika Joko" is a most ingenious young gentleman. In the New Testament the twelve founda tions of theNew Jerusalem are represented as of so many precious stones, comprising the amethyst, beryl, chrysolite, chrysoprase, chal cedony, emerald, jacinth, jasper, sapphire, sardius, sardonyr, and .topaz. The twelve foundations by some are supposed to represent as mane aoostolic virtues, such as: : __ 1\. ?methyrst-Sobriety and temperance. B. Beryl-Goodness of mind at all times. 3\. Chalcedony-Ardent zeal. 4\. Chrysoite-R-estrained by no obstacles. 5\. ChryEoprase-Severity towards sin. 6\. Emerald-Sauvity of manner. 7\. Jasper-Firmnues and onstancy. S. Hyacinth or Jacinth-Calmness in all Sthings. 0\. Sapphire - Heavenly and beautiful thoughts. 10, SarduRs-leadiness for martyrdom, II. Sardonyx-Variety in teaching. 12\. Topaz-Healingpower. In case of fire a wet silk handkerchief tied without folding over the face is a complete secucity against suffocation by smoke; it permits free breathing, and at the same time excludes the smoke from the lungs. The "Daily Graphic" gives an account of life at Krobo. on the Gold Coast colony. One of the customs of the country is that every girl, in order to become eligible for narrmage, is obliged to leave her family and spend a period of 18 months on the sanred mount. Here slte is instructed in housekeeptnu, etc. The idea is not a bad one. 