Hoars With Great Men AND THEIB WOEKS. JAMES THOMPSON, AUTHOR OF "THE SEASON'S." (CONCLUDED.) Thompson's description of a Sox hast, and of tho orpiec wbicb in bis day usually took whou tho bunt was over and the hnoww nw diced, baf been often quoted; and let ub hope, for the credit ot sober httman nature, that eucu gueoea aa he has described do not take plftoe, even after a Cox bunt, in the present day. The robber of henrooBtB-the wily fox-baa died bard aim uncomplaining, torn by 100 mouths, and bis feruia leas pursuers have returned to the ball, where ft banquet awaits them. Having dined on cube tan tial fare Then sated Imager bids Uie brother thirst Produce tho mighty bowl; the mighty bowl, HweUed high with fiery juice ateams liberal round A pntcnt gale. ... ,,, . Well, we know perfectly well bow this nighty bowl makes foola and ftBses of those wbo imbibe too much of ita contents. The foxhuntere engage 1 in BDokiog and prsfcty gatnes for a abort time, I but At last these puling idlenesses laid ' A«i*J<?» frequent and folU the dry divan, I CIo*g in firm circle; and set. ardent, IP ! For «=eriou? drinking. Nor evasion sly, | JSw tiobcr drift, is to the puking wretch J Indulged apart; bat earnest, brimming bowla ' Lave fivnry soul, the Boating table round, I And jvarfimciit, faithless to the fuddled foot* I Thus as they swim in mutual swill, tho talk, I Vociferous at once from twenty tongues, Ji-o&ls; fast from theme to theme*, from nowes, ! hounds, I To obuntli ot mistress, politics or ghost, j In mazes, intricate,perplexed. Mfatimo, with sudden interruption, loud, | Thn impatient catch bursts from thejoyous heart; ' That taocueui touched is each congenial soul \ ) Atid, opening in a full*mouthed cry of joy, i Tire laugh, tho slap, the joound oarse go round ; 1 Wliile from their slumbers shook,the kennelled hounds ! Mix in tho music of the day again. i As when the tempest that has voxea the aoep 'J'ho dark night long, with fainter murmur fall*, I Bq gradual sinks their mirth. Their feebto tongues, ! Unable to take up the cumbrous word, ' fjic quito dissolved* Before their maudlin eyes, Seen dim and blue, the double tapers danco, Like the suu wading thtougli the misty eta. Then. sliding soft, they drop. Confused above Olasnes aud bottles, pipes and gazetteers, Afl if the tablo oven itaelf was drunk, Lio a wet broken soene; and wide, below. is heaped tho social slaughter-where astride The lubber power in filthy triumph sits, Slumbrous inclining Btill from sidetoeide, And ftecps thorn drenched in potent sleep UU morn, Perhaps some dootot of tremendous^ paunch. Awful and deep* a black abyss of drink. Outlives thorn all, and from his buried flock liotirlni? full of rumination sad. Laments the weakness of those latter tunes* At these orgies those wbo were hopelessly drank Mid were prostrate on the floor were re gardei as the "dead men " of the party. Thw fact Rhows the appropriateness ol the old English eons entitled "Down amongst the dead man, inasmuch M those who wars too drmdc tohonor the touts proposed by the Btronger gueetowere only fib to lie sprawling among the filth ana swill whi jh unsteady hands had thrown upon the floor. Hero's a health tothe King and lasting peace, To faction no end. and to wealth increase s Come, let's drink it while we have breath, For tiiere's no drinking aftor death. And he tbat will this boalth den;, Down amongst tho dead men, Down auumg&t; tho dead men. Mown, down, down, Down amongst the dead wen lot him lie 1 Let charming beauty's health go round, In whom celestial joys are found, Hay t'.oi:iii-nun Btill pursue Vho senseless women-bating crew; (JUoru">-And tboy that women a bedthaeny,^,c. In smiling liaenhus's joys I'll roll, l)euy mi jiWure to my soul: Irft Baoi'iiiis' health round bristly more, I'^IT Biwehn* ia a friend to lore ; (jhiirua-And lio that will this health deny, S.c. Mbv 1O«'« and wino tiiO'r rights maintaiu, Anil thi-ir f.Jiit'-i pleasures reign, While Itecto' treasons ctowns the boaro, We'll sing tho jovu that both r.fford i Chorus-And they tbat won't with as comply, 4m. It ie easy for our sober readers to imagine the maudlin enthusiasm with which this sonis would be sung bv a party of English squires andsqut reons tilled to the rery brim with potent punch or nine. " , Our poet's description of an autumnal evening and of the niiht that follows has, perhaps, never been enrolled. He eayB: The wastcv.i sun withdraws tUo nhortened day; And humid croninR. (fliding o'er the b1.\V, Inhcrchill projresi?, to the ground condensed Tho Vftpom throw. Whore crcouing wntoisooie, Where mai-shu dtagnalo, and whero rivers wind, Clnstor tho rolling fog®, and swim along 'Ilio daiskv-uiantlod lawn. Meanwhile tlic uiooii, Full-orbcJ, and breaking throngh the soatter d clouds, Shows her litoad viaago in the crimson east, TurnM to tho nun direct, hot spotted disc. Whore mountains rise, umbrageoiia dales descend, And caverns iVcp, as optic tebo descries, A smnNr earth, gives us bis blaze again, Void ot its flame, and sheds asotter day. Now through the passing cloud she scorns to stoop, Now up tho pure cerulean rides sublime. Wide tho duluge floatn, and stnuuning mm O'oi' tho skied mountains to tho shodowy vale. While rooka and floods rofloct the quivering gleam, Tbe whole ait wbifcfns with a boundlein tide Of silver radiance, trembling round tho world. An ordinary mortal would Bee nothing more in the phenomena which the poet describes than the phenomena of an ordinary moonlit night, whereoa men endowed with poetio sensibility would discover in these phenomena many beau ties which are hidden from unpoetic natures. Men of genius ate more keenly alive than are other men to all those ideas ana emotions which the beRuties of nature and art are adapted to inspire. The bluebell blooms upon the heath more beautifully, the wild rose blushes on the rock or in the mountain dell more deeply, the landscape glows benseth the morning or evening snn mote softly, and the ocean rolls iys billows on the shore more grandly for men of genius than for common souls. Every stone becomes to them a preacher j every rpray tbat trembles in the breeze provides them with a text, and from eome wild bird's song they can_ex traot " some beautiful morality.' Loss gifted organisms would regard a mountain simply as a tutting prominence on the earth's surface-a mere protrusion ot rock aad dirt, but a poet wonMfind to it both a story and a revelation. Hnadredsof men have wandered through forests, round laVes, and over mountains, without being able to detect the natural wan dors of snch localities, but no sooner doeB a naturalist visit places of this kind than the air becomes burdenea with the rustle ol innumerable wings, and the landscape begins to bloom like an enchanted garden. These glimpses of autumnal phenomena, as Been through Thompsons eyes, might be fitly con eluded by introducing the romantic story of Ealemon and Uvinia's love-making and mar Ham but crowded space forbids. The tele, com mencing " With the lovely young Lavinia once had friends," in known to every fairly- oducated schoolboy, and is merely the ancient biblical story of "Euth end Boas" retold, with slight embel lishments and variations. Before we proceed furthei'our tc-urtftoaereaaow will probably penult us to refer to a certain voting lady well known to the poet, a d who died at the early age of 18 yean, to the year 1788\. Thompson w as a bachelor, and from what he has left on record respecting the virtues and accomplishments of this young lady we may reasonably infer tbat he cherished for her a feeling considerably warmer than ordinary friendship. In . church at Southampton there is a tablet in scribed with a glowing eulogium on her accom plishments and virtues, and this eulogium was written by Thompson. He alludes to her is his " Summer," when speaking of that angelio band whose voices are sometimes bswd by the contem plative poet swelling to seraphic (train < And art thou, Stanley, of that socwd band r . Alas for ns too soon: Thou, raised abovo Tho reach of buman pain, above the Sight Of human joy; yet with a mingled ray Vf sadly pleased romeaibnince, mast tHoa reel A mother'* lave, a mother's tender wco; Who seeks thee still, in many a former scene i t!eeks thy fair form, thy lovely beaming eyes, Thy pleasinir converse, by gay lively eenao inspired; where moral wisdom mildly shone, Withont tho tofl'of art; aid virtue glowod Is all iter smiles without forbidding pridt. The epitaph which he wrote on thil lady if In the Bame btrain : Here, Stanley ! rest, escaped this mortal stnfe. Above the joys, beyond the woes of life. Fierce pangs no more thy lively beauties stain, And sternly try tlioe with a year of pain ; No more sweet patience feigning oft relief ; Light* thy sick eye to cheat a parent''« grief, With tonuor art to save her ansiouB groan, No more thy boaom presses down its own; For well-earned peace isthino, and !>liae sincere; 9 j Ours be the lenient, sot unplensinp tear! I (), born to bloom, then pink beneath the storm To ehow us Virtue in her fairest form, To aIiow us artless reason's moral reign What boastful science arrogates in rain. With more remarks to the same effeot, all showing how muoh the poet mourned the lady's death* All doubt, however, en this point U set aaide by the ode which be wrote commemorating his love lor her. This ode has been set to mulio by various eong-writers. Tell me, thou soul of her 1 love, Ah 1 tell me whither art thon fled P To what delightful world above. Appointed for the linppy dead P Or doBt thou freo at pleasure roam. And nometimeB share thy lover's woe ? "Where void of thee, his cheerless home, Can ?jow,alast no oomfort know ? Oh! if thon hov'rest round my walk, While under ev'ry well-known tree I to thy fancied shadow talk, And ev'ry tear is full of thee; Should thon the weary eye of grief, Beside some sympathetic stream. In slumber find a short relief, Oh 1 visit thon my eoothing dream. Thompson commences hio poem " Winter" thflfl: See Winter comes, to rale the varied vear, Sullen and sad, with all his rising tram; Vapors and clouds and storms, lie these my theme. These] that exalt the soul to solemn thought And heavenly musing. Weloome kindred glooms 1 Congenial horrors hail 1 With frequent foot PJcascd have I in my cheerful morn of life, When nursod by oareless solitude I lived, And sung of nature with uncea&isg; joy. FJcasod hare I wandered through your rough domain; Trod the puro virgin enows, myself as puro; Heard the winds roat and the big torrent burst; Or seen the deep fermenting tempest brewed In the grim evening sky. The poet describes the firat approach of winker, then pourtrays in graphic language storms <rf wind, rain and enow, draws a melancholy but beautiful picture of a man perishing in the snow, refers to the ravages of wolves at they descend from the Alps ana Apennines, describes a, winter evening aB spent by philosophers, by country people and in cities, and finally shows how winter operates within the polar circle and tbe effect that a thaw produces. The picture of a man perishing in the enow is beautifully and forcibly drawn. Although in thie favored climate we are oo caeionaUy afflicted by etorme of wind wad rain which BometimeR oauee our rivers to overflow their banks and produce widespread desolation, yet, excepting on our mountain lands, we never eee enow. A. ecene like that which the poet de scribes could not possibly take place beneath the genial ekies which cover the greater partot Aw* traUa, Heterifceft ? .' ! As thus the enow arise; and foul, and 6eroe, , All winter drives along the darkened air f tn his own looee-revolving fields the swain i Disastered stands: sees other hills aeoend, i Of unknown joyless brow; and other scenes Of horrid proej>eot, shag the traokless plain, Nor findB tho river, nor the forost hid Beneath tbe formless wild; bat wanders on From hill to dalo, still more and mora astray; Impatient flouncing through tho drifted heaps, Slung with the thoughts of homo; the thoughts of home Burst on his nerves and call their vigor forth Inmany a vain attempt. How sinks bis «oo2! With black despair, what horror Alls his heart! When for the dusky spot which fauoy feigned His tufted eot^t£& risjug through the enow, He meet? tho roughlttss of the middle waste, Far from the track and iOest abode of man; 'While round him night ret^&h;&s; closes fast, And every tempest bowling o'er i?.V» head, . , Renders the savage wilderness morti Then through the busy shapes into his mind Of covered pile unfathomably deep, A dire descent! Beyond the power of frost | Of faitblasa bog*? of precipices huge, 'tiiroothed up with enow; and, what is laud, unknown With water of the still unfrozen spring Id the loose marsh or solitary lake Where the fresh fountain from the bottom boils. Tueso cluwk his fearful «<tcps ; and down lie niuks Itancath th^ shelter of the shupelesn drift, Thinking o'er all tho bitterness of death. Mixed with the tourier anguish Nature shoots Through the tvruntr bosom of (he dyiug man. His wife, his children. and his frionds unseen. In v:uh for him tho olflclous wife prepares The fire fair blazing and tho vestment warm ; In vain his little children, peeping out, Into the utinplnic storm, demand their sire With tears of artiecs iiinooencs. Alas! Nor wife, nor children, more shall he behold. Kor friends, nor sacred home. On every nerve The -deadly wintor seizes; shnts up souse j And o'er his inmost vitals oreeping cold Lays him along tho enow a stiffened corpse stretched out and blcachfng in the northern blast. A portion of the concluding passage in this ptetn indicates thtfe he regardod the phenomena of the seasons as representative of the phenomena of human life, lie sings: 'Tis done, dread winter spreads his lateBt glooms And reigns tremendous o'or the eoutjuored, year. How dead tho vegetablo kingdom iiop 1 How dumb the tuneful! Horror wide extends Hie desolate domain. Behold, foud man! Seo hero thy pictured life; pas^ some few years Thy {towering spring, thy summer's ardent strength, Thy sober autumn fading into age. And pals concluding winter comes at last And shuts tho scene. Ah I whither now are fled Those dreams of greatness r Those uusolid hopos Of happiness r Those longing after fame P Those rcstloss oute6 : Those busy bustling days P Those gay*Bpent festive nights? Tho«e veering thoughts; Lost between good and ill that shared thy life P All now arc vanished! Virtne, sole survives, Immortal, never-failing friend of man, Tho guide to happiness on high. We can assure our readers that they will find Thompson'* otber works--his " Castle of Iudo> lenoe,'' " Liberty," minor' poems and dramas very readable, and distinguished by many pass ages replete with brilliant imagery and much lyric beauty. ^ 