I BltKViTIKH. I.i 'a'es' English files to hand we take tlie (allowing interesting itome : — Ine Queen preaented two cradles to the '''® ?' Vork. One is mahoRany, inlaid ll|i Gold, and is upholstered in pale green jrocafle, flowered in pink. The other is the ousmetts which was used for all the Queen's noren ana boars a silver inscription to that Jv? . 18 °' w'1',e wood, and is fitted with oite satin and Honiton lace. The Boyal baby wil11 prosents, including any t.JH* ?, quilts, and an embroidered net for j . ®.'el 'rom bla faoe. When only a inlont was taken into tbe Rardjsn. i ne baptiEinal water was brought for the pur ?n, ?? ths Joraan l„ Puc J)ea® ?' Teck is tbe only living mem , e ^toyal family who attained tbe dig ''Jo'iBfandmother under 00. tho nllPi! 6 °! ^orl: ,aid tho memorial-stone of new Cripplei-ate Institute in Ooldon lane, sL . °C6CJt'0n ot vvl,ioh tho Charity CoramiB Tk 1° ? I^rant of £40,000. wiih * °' Spain has been provided ranimfni V tQ!,. ln sllaP0 of a juvenile ace inm t ?'!' ^'^red ohildren, ranging in -idcdw!tl, Ji°- . e li0on gathered and pro Kin= «^h. ln^turo.riflcia a'd annUonn. the tilSon m8e' by drlllin8 the btbf bat window ^™?ric,u,E J' placing a memorial I'arUh r™,S ,ohn Keats in Hampstead w'moriS ti^n Tl',cy «1m providing the Cht V ^ T 10 ?ennyson in the lilt, of tbe Ht»ttonore'Hall.W'iaiJW baea plMod lD 4&^d^ii-5i'!1S4Jr.?omP'injr now ran a their BeotCb etpttmt tot flu joint use of thlrd*e1ass and first-class passen gers. The Great Western now run corridor trains between London and Swansea. A train ia now run on the droit Eastern from Chelms ford to the North of England lo form sin outlot : for Essex fruit and vegetables, which bave hitherto boon sent merely to the London markets. The Queen's breeding stud at Hampton Oourt has boen disposed of by lauotion, the 7A horses realising an average of rather over 200 guineas each, one oolt fetching 1050 guineas. Ataaale of pictures belonging to the late Mr. Adrian Rope, Bembrandt's portrait of Mioholas BuU -eold for 4700 guineas; 'the ' Flute Player,' by Oeiald Don, went for 8500 guineas ; tho ' Head ot a Girl,' by Oreuze, - 8000 guineas ; and a ' Wild Boar Hunt,' by Rubens, 1600 guineas. The email trinkets bolonging to the paupers who die in. the Holbom Union are melted down yearly. Tho molting process his just; taken place, and produced a bar of gold worth £40. An electric railway will run to the summit of j Snowdon on tlie Manboris side. xnewnoieoi tne espianaae ai uasungs, a distance of throe miles, is now lightRd b.v elec tricity. Recent statistics show that singlo women betweon the ages of 15 and 45, are really less numerous than the bachelors of that ape Old women are, however, much^ more numerous than old men. A single woman, aged 22, appeared before a London magistrate, and a9ked Cor the bounty to which she was entitled from having been born in prison. She had recently been informed that a lord left a will by which every child born in prison was entitled to a farthing a day during life, and which would make her entitled to 8000 farthings. The magistrate informed the appli cant that he had never heard of such a bequest. Tbe latest thing in automatic machines is an automatic gallows. The condemned criminal steps upon a certain place in the scaffold, ilis weight releases a flaw of water, which releases a spring, which in its turn permits the drop to fall. Thirty-fonr executions have tiken place by its means in Colorado, but the people ot Connecticut object to its introduction on the ground that the State bas no right to make a man commit suicide. Some boys bathing at Kirkwall noticed a whale coming towards them. One lad made for tlie shore, and, procuring his pockei knite, fatally stabbed the whale, which, on being hauled ashore, was found to measure &ft.; Bees in thousands invaded a confectionery manufactory in the North of London, causing the work-people to beat a retreat. In a short time the insects got hopelessly drunk on the liquid 6ugar, and were swept into pails. If hot rolls are indigestible, they, it %ecms, are not without their redeeming points. A Itussian investigator declares that new and un cut bread is free from tbe disease-producing microbes which find tlie cut loaf an excellent breeding ground. The silkworm is in some danger of being superseded. Artificial silk is actually being produced at Bradford from very ordinary flbre, tbe process having been discovered by a Swiss chemist. A male somnambulist had a narrow cscape at Preston. Be was observed by a signalmau in the dead of tbe night walking along the lioc io his sleeping attire. At first the man was thought to be a ghost, but on coming near he was found to be fast asleep and snoring soundly. The Supreme Court of Virginia has given a decision allowing women to practice law, which tbe Legislature had persistently declined to permit. A man in France is said to be 126 years old. He accounts for his longevity by the privations of his youth, followed in after-life by absinence from intoxicating liquors and other excesses of all kinds. A man broke into a church at Ealing-green. After packing up the Communion-plate ready for removal, he drank half-a-bottle of sacra mental wine. Enveloping himself in a cassock he fell asleep, in which condition be was dis covered when the caretaker arrived next morn ing. A Parliamentary return shows that last year 50.698 persons in Great Britain returned their incomes nnder £130 per annum ; from £150 to £200, 164.928 were assessed ; £200 to £300, 111.715 ; £300 to £400, 48,288 ; £400 to £500, 79,583 ; £900 to £1000, £2195 ; 71 individuals were reported to be in the enjoyment of £50,000 a year and upwards. A clerk to a London omnibus company has been sent to gaol for 12 months for pilfering money from the conductors' bags. Money had been 'missed for some time, and before the actual thief could be detected some SO conduc tors bad been dismissed on suspicion of dis honesty. An Austrian is said to have invented a motor bicycle which will travel from 25 to 50 miles an hour. Fears are entertained for the safety of the Peary Arctic expedition. Last winter ^ was unusually severe in Greenland, and it is thought that any attempt to reach the Pole this year will prove disastrous At an International Athletic Congress held in Paris, a committee was appointed to report on the possibility of reconstituting the Olympian games on a modern basis. Upon opening the guard'6 van when a train reached Crewe from London, a boa constrictor, 15ft, in length, was seen coiled up on the guard's seat. It had been consigned in a box to a naturalist in Liverpool, and had effected its escape. A party of miners in Shanghai accidentally came upon an ancient shaft, which had been closed since a great calamity occurred 400 years ago. They discovered 100 of the former workers lying just where they had been overcome four centurie s ago. The corpses were not in the least decayed, and looked as fresh as if death bad taken place only a few hoars. The Americans are erecting a gigantic hotel in the ocean. It will be called ' Atlantis' It will be 18 miles off Sandy Book, and it is being built on cylinders. A man aged 72 not long since attended an old folks' tea seated between his father and mother. A lady whir died a few months since, aged 100, left a daughter in her 78rd year. 