PROVING HIS THEORIES Br TOHEMUS. \- Wanted—Taletj most have good referonoes. Apply A. S. Goodman, King's Hoad, Chelsea. . Suoh w«a the advertisement whioh; ap. (jeared in aeveral of the London dailies. At 10 o'olock the ekine morning, a short, tliiok-tet man, with an extremely, red nose -.ho wing t Ua t he had beun a high iir.r lti '.he eervanle' hall, knooked at the door of she house on King's Ro d. A neatlyittired servant giri, with a muslin cap pi robed on her pretty ieatures, appeared ia tbe threshold. " IB MI (SifOdman in ?" aBked the caller. " &• is," responded : the girl, -with several ^critical glanoeB at the man who itocd beloia ner. ' I should like to «e« him on baBine^s. 9 "Step in." . The visitor was ushered into a bright front room. " What name shall I say ?". " Mr Smiler," The girl disappeared. Then the man began to examine .'lbs apartment in a ,e,Biirely manner. Several handeome paimiogB end quite a collection ef rare urio-a-iirac bora sm^lo testimony to the srtistio propensities of the master of the tionso. <• Some swell, evidently," mormurad thB man with tuc red iace. . The girl rcappeiaed. " Ma«t*r wants to know what's your basinese." '*i oalled in reference to an advertisement tor a valet." "On I" 8 ie tossed her head and again ?amsh«d. About five minutes elapseu and then the gul vulcrei th« room. " ]fun can wait here," she Butd. " Master isn't up yet." For forty minutee the visitor was lt.fi,' to bis irfl?o ions. " Mam be some blooming sport," he commented. Then the door opsnea anii • tall, pale genuemaa'entered itie room iu « Utiguid fashion, picked up the mora lag paper and earaUBsly teaniioa Uia ounianis, as though oulivioQs to the preeence oi tun visitor. He.read the telegrsphie news anu than tha local Tne eeiya&t; brought in a tray upon which repoBed breaktas', bacon, eggs, a cup- ot ooffee aad- rolls. The gentleman pat up his nose and sa d— "Jtake awa> those aishan. Leave -.he cufiee, 1 ' The ssrvant eiiently oboyed. " H B s,pp&iite; isn't nooi to-day," commented thii caller. \ Tiie genUeiu tn Bipped the coSee with apparent relish, read again the cable arsiela from Paris and iSnally lighted a agar. All this time tbe visitor remained standing respeetfaliy. At last he ventured to eougb, and tae gentleman, turning to Liui, remarked— " Aw—jou called aboat thu advertia^mentf" "Yw.Bir." '' Where are your refereoees ?" "Here, sir,', and ha took from hie pocket a bulky paokage. Well, X don't oare to Bee them," "1 solved list the ddke of—" : " What the Jevil dp i care whom yon served ? Will you acoept a guinea a wtek 4nd axpenses f' . " Yes, sir." " Vsry well, wo leave to-nigit for Paris. See that everything is ready." With that the gentleman took op hib nat and oane abd strolled oat of tne (lousa in a leiBurely, hklfrbored way. " He IB a rum up," commented the visitor. .Two daya later tha gentleman and bis servsnts wtre quartered in Pans, Tbe former has retted a magnificently furnished honee in a fashionable part of the city. Try as he would, Smiler could learn Utile of his new master. ^He came awl went. He usually arrived home about 2 in the morhinfe tad sonietimes SmiLr had to put him to bed. He got op anywhere between 10 o'olcok and noon. Sometimes he breakfas ted heartily ; at other times he aiBiely sipped hie ooffiee. Smihr was ootnmiseioned to bny tickets : for every fashionable event, from the opera to the raoesj and be: always came and departed in a private enr/inge, quite an elegant tqoipa^e . Abont this time tha Parisian newspapers were -agitating the matter of the remarkable •teste; in spiritualism git-en before the Eminent.gentlemen by, a peas- ant woman in Milan. Tbe psychologic .1 society was in session in the French capital and tie comments on the feats performed in Italy were-made more intbreetmg by the presence of a renowned EngliBh .mind reader. This gehileman snowed: great, aptitude in ferreting out criminals, and his accoracy in this respiot made him fearad by the wrong doers. Mr Smiler read of these wonders, but bting \- sceptical disposition pooh-hooh«d them. One morning when tbe gen tleman was Bippmg ihis coffee, into which he bad placed a few drops ot cognao, he looked ap from his paper and etid to Smiler— «Markham, the mind reader, has run down another criminal, Smiler. What do you think of that t" "If I might venture an opinion, sir, I should eay that it was all boBh;" ; " All bosh, eh ? May I aek why f" Well, BIT, it s tande to reason, sir, that no man can read what IB going on in «nother man's mind. It is KgainBt natara and wtst's against nature oin't be done| sir. My idea is, sir, that this man, this fraud, ! will call,him, rir, is in colInBion with these fellows and pays - "em. That's my impression, eir. SaBiestthingto humbug these French savants, sir. A criminal; sir, oen't be detected cxcept by detectives, and. they make an* awfol botch ot tt, sir." "So you don't believe in it?" The gentleman was now drinking his second oup of coffee. " That I don't, sir." " Well, now; suppose that I give you a ; little practical demonstration." Smileretsrted. Yoo.sir?'! "Yes, I've studied a Ilitle intbat line a an amaUor. Sappoee, for ezsmple were to read yonr m ind, Smiler ?" " You oonldn't 4o it, sir." should say yon were a faithful; honest fellow, who always served hie mutter's interests. Smiler gave a depreoating gestwe. "It wouldn't take no mind reader to' tell that, air." "But wouldn't it take a mind reader to tell, Smiler. what you've got in yoar pooketbook ?' Smiler tnrned pale. "Ae an amateur, Smiler, mind i don'< >ret«nd to be aocurate ; I should say that t anyone ehonid look in that poeketbook he would find my rnby scarf-pin and my : emerald and diamond ring. 1 ! ' Smiier nearly went into a fit, "Of course I have so many zmge {tnA 1 - pins that unless I was a mind-reader I wonld never have misBed these. And, let me see, Saailer, in your trunk you have three pairs of my trousers. Those woal. not be easily fropsed, .either. Also abon> fifty neokfies and collars and caffs innumerable.~" By this time Smiler wavae f ale »s a ghost. ,-r " If I were to read your mind a iittli further, as an amatew i would-tell yoo that on the 20th day of September on <vent to «pawnshop otTthe fine di Bivcl and there 4)isj>osed cf two seal Tings Witch, 'for which yon received 500' francs They-cheated ycHj Smiler, TToi ehonid h*ve got Jonble that *monnt From there jop went to m^ank, like th thrifty, hMest, fingal jello w that yon are iui opened vp an aeconnt Oa the 28 ^ of September with commeBdable mdotttj yoa addedyonr little horde by digpos 'mg <f ly goW- xnouateS jsticfcaihe «n presanled me b the Baron JlofliBohil^ You carefully obliterated the jtiamijfct}' commend yoproaution J'ourJave^jBeij, v?»r4 yon sold, r«tbw panned 'iundrj, aitioleim ionr iifieient^plaeeg wbio^ J VttMvgjttWOTftfApttit* . on have ljBOO f ranea in tha bank and 20 itanca in.your,; pooketbook, together with liber, articles: of mine which yon were . bout to get rid of this morning. Yoo ,->ave been qaite tbrifcy, and inside . O£ B aonth it was your intention to draw oni /onr money and emigrate to Amerioe, yhere you are desirous of setting tip in srado. This has been your dream, Smiler, he life of a prosperous and honest trades : nan; Am I rignt, S<mler ? If I have made any mistake attribute it to the fac that I am but an amateur." But Smiler was speechless. ., " To continue,'or rather to go baok into the past, .! read- tbat you robbed - all yonr inaBters before me, only they were not mind readers in an amateur way and attributed the loss of di&rent; things to aatural ehrinkage. When yon first entered my apartments in Sling'B Boad yonr thoughts were regarding my worldly possessions. \- You saw much that made yon a are was. a man of meanB. After I entered the room I W«B teemingly busy reading tbe newspaper.: Beallv, Sjailer, 1 was reading you/ Idid not want to see yonr referenoes. They were Bupeifl.iouB. The man hioeelf stood before me. There was.tbe reference. I determined to make a little stady of you.. You inteieatad me at once, for 1 recogniBed in you a tiiief of oiany years' training, a thief Who had pilfered ior all hiB hfa and never been de-. teoted. Here, I thought, IE ' a Bnbjaot worthy of my altentiuu, here ia a case which will edity and amneeme. So 1 took yon to my boBom, Sutler,' and employed yoa on the epoc. As you stood tnere waiting forme to address you tbe taonghts : that fl ashed through yoar niina -were :' I oan easily get -away with one of those Drtsden- Wkre vases. He bas SJ many of them that-he will never mies it. Then ha mnetbs a carelats eort of a swell, on* ot ihoee ependtbr/fts.. He will oome home •nebrifttea every night. It a pin, a ring, a. we tch or some other article disappears he will think he lost it somewhere the night before., here's aewell that pays no attention to Lis persoiial effcots. All he Ithinke of : iB having a j illy gobdtima.' Am I right, Smiler ?''; But Smiler never telapssd from his coi lapsed condition. . " You' began to pilfer when you pur- ohaBed the tickets:to France. Ysu made ten shillings on the tickbts. You put abide jfor yourself five shiilinge tram the vaiohaseB from thp truukmaker. Bj not deny it, for it iB written indelibly on yoor iniuo. . I took to you light away. 'Here is a precious rasoal,' I thought. ' Here's a servant worth.having.' Tonwill remember that I oommended you for yourtaitu. fulnesd. And now, Sntiler tdoyoa belieie in mind-rtaaiog? By the way, where a.* those p*wn tiokete, hUdi kindly hand me your bank-book.". Smiler cbeyei without, a word, "And : now it. wouldn't kke a mfhireader to tell what is going to bappsn;" Tne langaid gentleman went to (be door ana OBhered intvvO officers. Smilur feil opon bis knees. '•Mercy, mercy,''he-said. "You torrdcoratB.Bli 1 have said," re. marked the gettlemsn, with mild interest " Y BB, ytB, I c> n& BB. Don't put me in g«oi.'' - •. "". ' "I.am sorry, Smiler, but I have finished with iny subject. I will now turn him over to ihe low. OiScers, do your duty." Very weli, Mr Markham," replied one of the officers.. " Mwkbam?" groaned Smiler. 'ihe sam»," replied the languid gentleman. " The great English mind-reader f" ' lam he. 1 idvertised not-fora vale , but for » tubjsot. t wanttd to prove epm* of my iheorioB to the roelety ti savants h>re. Yjn lave proved a very good subject. I shsll write out the results of my investigations to-night, and then if you care to have the law deal leniently with you, you w/ll sign it. I will then read' the. paper before tbe society. My enemies will have to conoede ibat mj work is incomparable. By the way, Sjiiltr, have I converted yoa to » bJief in mind-reading ?" " You baVP, sir," groaned S ailer. " And now, officers, take him away, as 1 have a little work to do." With that tbe languid gentleman lamed and entered his Study.; ' Smilor straightened himself np dismally. Well, I'm b.uWBti," he oiid. 