THE MAN FROM MEL- ' BOURNE. BY MRS. HENRY E. DUDENEY, Chapter xxxi.— laying the train. Crokor had gono to London.- Ho had es tablished Pratt at a point which Roy must pass. Pratt had sworn — ho was heavily bribed onough to make swearing sincerity — that Roy should never reach his sister. During his absence Croker meant to got fc. special marriage license and to draw out a largo sum from the bank so that, in the event of discovery, ho might have plenty of money for flight. Ho loft tho cottage early in tho morning. An hour after his departure. May drove to Lynton, whenco sho took coach to Minchcad. On tho beach she met Phyllis Drummond. "Tell me," she satd, when the first rather cold greetings were over, "why, you wrote asking me to meet you here?" "What did you mean," returned Phyllis, as they paced the shingle and the grey waves broke at their feet, "by sending with your wedding present a letter congratulat ing mo on my marriage to Dr. West?. I am not going to marry him." "Bee said you were. Have you broken Dff again? How cruel!" "I never was engaged to the man in my life," said Phyllis, slowly. "I am going to marry Carl Ambcrley. Philip never had eyes for any one but you. Carl and Philip wero college chums. Carl helped Philip out of a scrape with a woman — you need not look jealous; it was quite a harmless affair — and Philip, on the principle that one good turn deserves another, when Carl years later took a fancy to me, never ceased to pester me by pleading Carl's cause, till I yielded — in self-defence I as sure you." Phyllis smiled. May fetched up the ghost of one too. That she had been drawn into matrimony for tbo sheer sake of peaco was too improbable, in face of PhylUs's flourishing complacent exterior. "Philip was always bothering. Even on Iho night of the conversazione at tho in stitute—after I had given my word to Carl —ho must still try to keep me up to the matrimonial mark. Carl was there. I pointed him out to you, talking to Philip and some more men, but Philip got me into a little room." "You need not tell me." May blushed furiously. "I saw, I heard. I was behind the curtain. I slit it with my penknife." "You might have been better employed," Phyllis said, reproachfully. "But I suppose someone put you up to it?" May started. Phyllis had put a sugges tion in her mind. Could Roy have planned that eavesdropping? "But," she said, still with a shred of doubt, "Dr. West was talking of mc — slightingly." "I remember the conversation perfectly, and see how his sentences might be so mis interpreted. But you must know now to what he alluded. You havo seen him since?" "Only once. He called the day after." "Are you still living with your brother hlone?" "Of course I am." "Dr. West did not make a communication lo you concerning him?" Phyllis's voice was cautious. She put the question with an elaborate carelessness. "A communication! Now I think of it, he did hint at something. But we — we — parted — rather hurriedly. Roy came In. I left them together What was it ho wanted to say, Phyllis?" "I thought you would not hear a word against your brother." "That would depend ou what it was and Who said it," May answered, faintly. "Be sides — things have changed lately." "But," persisted Phyllis, "when I hinted at the affair you told me you knew and had done all along. I never did, I never shall believe it. You could not act so madly." "I meant I knew that you were going to tnarry Dr. West — nothing else. What is the secret? If you knew how worried I have been lately you would not keep me in suspense." "Has he been unkind?" "Roy? No. He has been more than brotherly." The blood flamed up in her face. Phyllis hardly knew what to do or say. As Dr. West had not denounced Croker she felt convinced that the photograph theory had fallen through, that it was simply a marvellous likeness, and that the man who posed as May's brother really stood to her in that relationship and had been able to conclusively prove it. "It was nothing important," she said. Then, with infinite tact and knowledge given her by her experience as an engaged girl, "Let us talk of Phillip." May gave an eager asent. "I have treated him abominably," she said, "but there Is still one thing I do not understand. Ile spoke of an old love who would have nothing to do with him. I thought it was you. Again, what was the affair from which your Mr. Amberley extri cated him? Is it all the same girl?" "Of course. It was some girl at Cam bridge years ago. She was an adventuress, much older than Philip; she almost mar ried him, then throw him over for another man. He was prepared to do something desperate till Carl showed her up iu her true colors. She nearly came to a bad end I believe, a little while back, but Philip, though he had not seen her since his Cam bridge days, bad some lingering regard for her because of the past, and through his influence she was shipped, not six months ago, to the colonies." "I ought to havo guessed," May said penitently. "He told me once — I remem ber now — that his friend Carl Ambcrley was in love with a girl who would not marry him. It was tho only time ho ever mentioned him. It is a pity. I do not blame you, but it is a pity you did not give me your confidence when you wore at Sloane Mansions. So much misunderstand ing might have been prevented." "At that time I never meant to marry, but to devote myself to nursing. Yet I might have told you had your manner been a little less cold." "I was jealous of tho understanding there seemed to be between you. I sup pose I loved him even then." "Of course you did, I saw it.. And he loved you." May's tears were falling fast. "And I have lost him," she sobbed. "He will never forgive me." I think he will," said Phyllis, softly. "Then I will go to him at once." May's blue eyes were sparkling, there was de cision in tho firm set of her lips. "I had forgotten that you did not know." Phyllis caughth er hand. "Philip is in Australia; Carl is taking his practice until his return. That is why my letters go to Chelsea. I will tell you all about it by and by. He comes home in the Coptic. Ho leaves Melbourne next Monday, so you will not have to wait long for happiness. Now come over and see Angus, lie is over in the distance, painting those old fishermen's cottages. I think 1 told you in my letter that he and I were staying together here for a week or two. lie is preparing the scene for his next picture." They went up the beach. Presently they Saw the painter, lie had risen from his easel, and was standing closes to and look ing down, with an intensity of expreslon on hi frank, sunburnt face, at a figure in a bl'ck and white cotton of magpie ef fect, who stood at lib s'dc. The l.cad was down- bent, the face hidden by the sweep of a broad-brimmed hat; one hand hung down, the other was outstretched to Angus and held in its palm something which glittered In a sudden burst of sunshine, which broke at that moment through a Storm grey sky. They heard him say, with an exultant thrill in his voice: "My darling! Mine at last; there can be po doubt now." The head with the broad hat was up lifted, showing a pale dark faco with strong features, great tcar- flilcd eyes, and a twitch ing scarlet mouth. It was Dee. Shu held in her hand the pebble heart, 011 which poised a golden bee. "Bee!" The word came simultaneously from the Hps of Phyllis and May. "Bee! What a delightful surprise! You Wrote and said Mrs. Pugsby would only let you off on the wedding day," said Phyllis. But Bee only cried, shrilly, "May! Tell mc, quick, where did you get this? Aud Why did you send It?" May looked down at the heart and up at Jier friend. "I sent it as a birthday present," she Bald, with puckered eyebrows. "I had no money to buy better, and it seemed so suit able." "But who gave it to you?" "No one. I took it from an old collar box of Roy's." Phyllis saw tbo whole position at a glance. She knew what a thunderbolt was about to fall. She saw that Philip West's theory had been right after all, that the photograph of Bee's lover was also that of May's supposed brother, that Charles Cro ker and the man who posed as Roy Cunliffe were 0110. She read fresh meaning into the Chelsea death scene. What an elaborate web this man bad woven! And, by the simple sending by one girl of a neglected trinket to another, It was to be swept aside. It was Phyllis who broke the truth to May, later on, when they were all four seated in tho parlor of the Drurnmonds' lodgings. It was she who suggested that they should all four go to tho cottage and charge Croker with his crime. Angus Drummond. noting May's beauty, and guessing she was weak of will, thought he saw through Croker's plot. "You say he is expected back to-morrow,' ho said as they made their plana. "We four will be there to meet him. I will go, meanwhile, to the police with the whole story." He took on opportunity of speaking to Bee at a moment when, thoy happened to be alone. „ , J ''You will love mo now, Bee?' Mi/!' (To be continued.) 