mum. Blind Man Healed. Bv tub Rev. John Robeetscw. 1 The man'born blind., John ix.. Tho stones are rattling abput the cars of Jeans. The disciples take to their heels in haste; hut tlio Lord moves stately, calmly onwards amid the t&owcr.; • "Wo turn aside usually when troubles meet us. - "When the stones* arb hurled at our head we generally look round for a hiding place hy tho wayside. But the Lord, uiuul trouble, amid persecution, auua difficulty, goes calmly on in the Via Dolorosa, on the way to Calvary. No trouble turns Him hack. Not ah inch do His footsteps ^wcrve from the straight track up the hill, let lie does turn aside. If not for opposition, Ho turns aside for pilyV • sake. There is a blind mau at the wavsidc. and tho very sigftt of him awaken* the 'emotion of compassion in the Saviour's heart, and Ho docs turn aside, forcom nassion for the trouble in the heart of another makes the Lord Jousiarrv for a moment on His task. .The Wind roan does not know who is near him. Not a word comes from his lip*, not a cry like the crv of some others. •• Have mercy upon me Thon Son of .David;'* not an utterance; hut tho evebail. rolling as Jesus Christ passed, was a prayer that r.ad'tu be answered. Prayer is an attitude. Prayer is a position; not an utti-nuiv?: not a speech but an aliunde, of nccikur heip: arid the help is supplied. In «nw citroiice I -S'iw a vorv pathetic sigh! Amid Ihc* fine* of traffic there rtood anvm running over his fingers the spesan or the dumb. An nuxious look -was in -hi* ,°-vo,' 1 rouble was in his face; and us he. in lusdiuco kk«w, epclv out bis need, I stopped. but I could not answer. I did not know it. It wa? not • taught, at the kviiooI where -I was taught jno.*c. tbimrs. . I could - not answer that • man's' nravc-r. Thffc-I wsiitrd.. and a ret* ronvatia pa-sari, :md a vcium lady came. She had this n.-;-;ul alphabet of the dumb, and she tiopr-cd. like an umrA 0:1 the wing, and sh" read fL»: request r,I the dumb ih iu. and ^heimswetcdhim. She answered. hsni in his own tojrtmgn. and what a look of gratitude ««»o into his faro. How ho looked his thanks, thfrosrh he rc.uid not speak tncni. In the same war, not one cf thoe disciples i/mld answer tear dumb prove?. fiut Jcsu-: knows the Inn irn.'Lr? of Tr-*>i:lile. Jesus has set up, in a nwsuriv ia-hion. the voeabuluvy of grace. IV.cr. I dare sav. would have-eased hi3 con-. tcior.c-' i.v du rping u pennv into the tin mug of theVh»d manml Judas worild hav? eased Lb ecnsj'bi c • hv i.uttiugin bis lingers without th- Ami *3 tW«K-«dpks would havo pa.-.t-l I;v lite num. utterly unable to answer. j-:;*v tfxr.i iSps. errestcd i-y the <vvtmk of * 't~, r-. Mk.-ruje. Toe V:i).d man "ha-* b.-.'.tu \hv f:;oi.-iqvr -of the pa*er-V w«V s--s- !•-, the slwioo' hiw the Ufa* man ■*.«**!!. . What 1 II* U 1 ** * p-.- nv-m-Hie road uh H I 1 n<l d V:* fUt.f it.?.* anc!:iuni.::r.s!:i'i nm> -.rfVMc.d. ibe-Ubidawn, 1: that ielp" 1 \ great: Call.I icaliy Jiva.kc.rny way To ;r.• wold r And ihc Cliff there, tlie probability of di:;i--tei- so :n:ui~M l^st scfctlc's it ns you ecUk.l vor.r doubts mud ho resolves to net on the wro-j. Ybu « :iu see him rise fr mi tho way tiih*; vou «un him grope rhi< stick! you can lilni start: and you can hear ihc tap; tap. tup of Hint vxTj t* stickbe goes the-war down lo'Simrit. Vv'iii Je-us give lam an ami ? Will' .J.v.-us t.-kc hold of that Uiiid roan phyM cullv :;:ul keep hita vpi I:4fo hod done soihe blind '.nan . v.'cuid . have* received 'no tudi insight into the things .of God .as. ho dil. Jesun 5:tM aVstf. and aliawtd that Mind roan to fmd his Y.uy to the l^ool of Siloom on His bare xverd. V.'cll, tlicre he i*,' right omthc-ckiF* edge. Will he ;ro over ? • The man that steps on the bare Word of Cod never breaks his neck. Tlie mau that stakes evarythiug ou theAVerd of the liord Jesus Christ comes triumphantly: through. I . knew that the Uiud inan would reach'" the pool of >ildaro safely.' I. knew thai he would not tumble at the stumbling point, because be is acting on the bare lVord bf • God. Tliere. could be no comfort -.withottt the <<TYovd. There could be no certain faith without an infallible word. A poor blind man.lt All I havo to meet eternity, all I want is tlie bare - Word of God. So this blind man comes to tho .pooh. Ho. bears* ;lbe sweet tinkle of' the water as it - falls from the brira of the. fountain.. The. water- he - takes into Lis "hand,*, and" be : washes ,the clay from'his eyes. Ix>, Olivet* is before hini/ The domes of the holy city hurst on bar sight; tho groen fields, the blue eky: He sees, and is . conscious of it. Ho is certain * of this, one thing: he sees. . "Woald^you.djelieve.it, when, he got hie rigjf therewss a lackr in* hw joy. that ho did not expect.^ Fbrraeriy. he • thought that if he only had eight.'he would be a happy , man, iust as you thought that if you only, hud . that situation you would not hare another wish to be gratified. And you got it. Did the soul of you-find-peace? • If you just-made that sue* cessful commercial venture you would not have aavishungralified; it would be all you .would, want. And you did it, and your soul was hungry still. Jf you just got hor for your wife yoii would bo "satisfied; certain of it. And she did -say, "Yos," and *jrou got her. And your *sonl 'is 'hungry still,• cveu after tlie human lovo tliat is' nearest .to the love in the heart of. the Saviour.* This blind man said: " Just give me sight*. Just bring seeing^to • theso eyes of iniue, nndl will be contentand his -soul gave him the lie when ho opened;-his eyes. "Oh, that voice! The tones ware sweeter than the piping : of the lark on a summer's morning. , more I melodious than -those of the. nightingale at.; ovcuirigtide. Ob, that voice! I wish that I | could see the Man that spoke to - mc.' I w*' that I could ask some questions of 'Him. wish that Ho bad coroo with mc and let mo sit down at ITis feet,' and that IIo would say, some more of these. wonderfully tender words fcoine," And the man is surprised tbathc'is not satisfied-with sight. " , The Lord knows it all. The Lord*knows, what this man* needs for'salvatiofc. and Ho has' prepared something .that .the. blind man did not bargain for. He has to bo flung out of the tynagogiir. He has to-get the bottom-of hie religiosity faieckej put. . And-I.verfly believe that thousands in England would n6Cd their "church-going knocked to pieces lo get solvation. ; This man could not get his soul saved in the | temple :'uud-the Pharisees and'.Seribes arc 1 consciously to to a Hnkan the chain of the miu receiving what, is better than'the sight of Kis" eyes—the sight of . his soul. Tlicy cast him but. . There" was a man in Glasgow . who said to his minister; "I* would not listen to the Lord till He knocked; and .He knocked mo 50 feet "down a'railway em bankment." Blessed knock 50 feet down if I vou find the Saviour, at. the bottom, as ho did. Blessed casting out of the temple if the I Lord*'Jesus is found ".waiting on the steps. But v.hat pathos is in the words, "Jesus heard that they had cast Turn out!" * The f doctor is leaving that house in which' sickness is, an a lie says to the watching one, "The l-risis of- the fever will be at half-past 10." And the skilful doctor appears just ait tho crisis, with all his skill and science, to bring I healing at the critical moment. So the Lord Jesus was waiting^there jnat to come in at the prisis; never.a-rabmeut behind His appoint- ' mont; no tardiness in step, no lingering, no I breakdown. The Lord comes at the tick of ] jhc clock, when yon need Him. That man, fpuu out of the temple, is excommunicated i bnd positively. damned socially. There is nobody to otfer him food,- nobody to bid him come m /.and warm himself-at the. fire, while lib; J-oiil-is satVpnd hc is questioning the result * of it alll - "Jesus'heard that."theyhad-cast him cut; and/vrhen Ho found him He said unto him,. Dost thou: believe .on-the son of God?" " ; ' ... ' * .- TIic man. who -now-sees,: .looks up at the I speaker. "Eyesibnt reflcct the blue of tbat j summer's-say,- though- they-look so- tender, seem human as my own. Brow, though primely and noble, .crowned seemingly with ordinary hair that ' flutters in the breeze. Hands", verily, the marks of huinan toil, upon them. . Garments—the garments of an ordinary | prasanh The feet poorly sandalled 'and all bedusfed with tho travel. "What a demand! ! Tiro Lord waits patiently. The Lord hoqs the I voniiict iu the man's heart, ..hut He dare not. *tcp without bringing the faith of him up into this nmguitba'nt lean into salvation.. "Dost1j thou briiovo cn tho Son of Godr" "Who is Ho, la r»L' that *1;might believe on Hira?" " Gh, do not trifle with my soul, thou strange I whose footprint leaves an imprint like I tay y.y.-c own on the silver sand of the Sea :of ] Galikr. Ob. do not trifle or tempt tny etcr- i ldty. , Who is He, Lord, that I might believe Him r" ; Jesus puts tones in .His voice t hat help that hcrifuting man. He catches the furtive glauce of the poor soul docking at Him* from head to foot. " Yea," He says; "thou hast both scon Him, and it is He that"is speak ing to thee." • tl-on b:-hcve on the Son of God?* Yon have seen, maybe, a' mountain stream, dammed by the. turf, gathered by schoolboy-, hand* from Ihe-Jifllside; Fcr*a moment the IksI of the neihev flow was dry. For a moment the dam seemed effectual to .s'op the river in its But the stream signals to the hillside for rcin?oiveim.nts. The waters rise and rise and rise against the during embankment*'until-, at last, with : the noice of victory, with: the ro«r aud rush of * a cataract, it is over the dam. So the difficulties, the im mense probabilities, tho awful unlikelihood. of the whole thing, the terrible demand to believe tnat-this man is the Son of God "who made the stars, dammed back the belief in this man's hf-art- Conviction grew and grew and grew, until at last the roan's' faith leaped ovc the difficulty,- and he miid with full, soul-saving 1 conviction, "Lord, I believe," and He u shipped Him. . \- "Ko mancaacaU Jcru?fXord,vbnt'by the: Holy^ Gho.--t," * According to Christ's theology that i:« what is nccessarv for salvation. " "What means a -Christian? What is*'the - irreducible minimum, of faith?'!* Strange question for any church, or. any,professedly:Christian, man .to ask,'How-little can.wo- bclievo ?" I so© here the last irreducible minimum,-and itis the very maximom of faith.. It is. the sonship of God;: It is" tbio divinity,, pure,, the. very - Godhead-* of. vcry.Godj-. that is the one .primal, .necessary • tlnng.thas the Lord pats down before this man: for-salvation: - Do you believe on .the Son .of God 2 -- Have you got the heart-grip of Jesus Christ ? Have you crowned- that-dear brow? Have you. adored Him.witb your soul as Thomas did.that. day,*.*after*hehad in his* braggadocio, •, said,. 'c Well, these-cvidenccs-may do for- you,:but my; j intellect, ray method of thinking, my logical faculty, demands something more.. You- may I take • this tremendous leap, if ! yon like, on insufficient evidence ; but I know,'unless I 'can | put my finger into the print of the nails, and J thrust ', my handrinto His • side, I—-I will not j believe." Oh, the Lord. heard • that speech, and the Holy Ghost in that wonderful narrative says, ",Teau§ stood in their midst, and-.Thcmaa /with r thorn." And:. the -Lord . said to Thomas, "Stand-up. Thomas.' I havo •; a-word to say to you, .Thomas.*. Look at my hands. It* was there that tho nail crunched through tho quivering-flesh; Thomas, reach hither thy finger, and although tho blood again, •flow, though* the luiuicW'and ""nerves 'of tho wound *bc toriVafresti, Thomas, pot thy finger into thb mark. Aii'd lookv Thtfmas, hero is where1 the Roman "spear ivas thriwfc irito my side Reach hither thy hand, Thomas." But oh, Thomas's head is down, and his tears are falling-to. the. ground, iuthoir sudden-shower,., and .through his sobs Thomas's soul -makes the same leap as that onco blind now seeing inau did; "My Lord! My God !" Hare you thus really -saluted Jesus. Christ ? That is necessary for salvation, according as I read tho wjid," according Aas>.I see the. Lord dealmgf.with'an anxious; soul. He never lets hinrgo, for the man was never saved tiiT ho had in his heart the faith in theroyaUy and godhead and lordship of Jcsux Christ/; - 'Hava you gone into His presence ? Wliafc preparation. did that blind man heed ? Oli, how: we hang, back for ".proper preparation. How we imagine that a court dress is necessary I for His presence. Oomeifust as yon are. The ! Lord Jesus willbo glad to seo you. Put your : arms about" Him. Make obeisance to Him.. Say to Hinr to-highfc with all your heart, " My L6rd, iny God." Jesus, X adore Thee, King of ! kings, and Lord -of lord*." That J3 salvation, ."for thcro isnono other name given among men whereby-we must bo saved," but tfae name of tlie very. God of-very, God, whoso "Word is infallible; and 'whose grace is everlasting, the: Lord Jesus Christ. 