A FOUNDLING HOSPITAL prevention of in fanticide ARCHBISHOP. CARR'S OPINION. HE FAVORS THE IDEA. DEALS WITH OBJECTIONS. THE FINANCIAL DIFFICULTY THE GREATEST. Tho Iniportanco of tlio question as to whether or not a Foundling Hospital should bo ' established In this city is generally recognised. Thk Hlium.d tins already given tlio viows of a number of prominent and representative citizens, well aualiliud to socak from their respective points of viow. This even ing we present for tha considera tion of- all thoughtful incn And women, the ouiuisus of Archbithop Carr, tho head of tho Roman Catholic Church in Vic toria. Dr Carr, although an extremely busy man, for Itis ecclesiastical duties arc many, various and onerous, still "find, or luakus, tiiuo which ho devotes to active co operation in alt philanthropic inovu- uiunts. His Grtte received our representative with characteristic courtesy. Ou buing asked as to his views regarding the wis dom of, or necessity for, the establish ment of a Foundling Hospital, thu Arch bishop, without a moment's hesitancy, gave ati smplmtic reply iu favor ot some thing of tho kind. It was explained to hiiu that some of those opposed to tho pro position based their objection on the ground that tbe existenco of sucli an institution would offer a premium to im morality, or, at all events, would cnuso wiimcu, particularly young girls, to view with less fear their indiHcrctiou, as tho main deterrent, the disposal of n possibio child, would b romorcd. Our represontativo remarked to his Gracu that Mr J itsiico Hodges disrentod altogether from that view 011 tho ground that iHission was not calculattug, " I entirely concur iu tho expression, " replied thu Archbishop; "no woman who is uuilty of a lapso from the proper path in tho manner wo ore speaking of docs so deliberately. Her conduct is due to an impulse, tuo possible consequences of which sho does not weigh. Dut eveu supposing," he continued " tbr.t a few women— and, if any, tho proportion would be very small iudoad— would bo influenced by that consideration the ovil would be enormously ovsrbulaaccd by the good that would be dono by the saving of infant life whiuti is, under existing con ditions, daily sacrificed. Expuriuuue shows that in this city theru is a very largo number of child murdurs, somo of which como wuhiu tho purview of tho coroners and tho public, and it is fair to assume that many of them are nevor brought to light." "Then, your Grace U of opinion that whiln tlio establishment of a Foundling lIoRpital would not lead to incrsaacd im morality it would teiid to, tho saving of infant life." 4 4 1 certainly am. and as I said before that even if ufewpeoplo wore influenced ill their criminality by. tho reduction that Bitch an institution oxisced, tho nruportiou would bo vury small indeed, anu would be more than counterbalanced by the good that would result. This I think to ho a very important point, and one wnich cau- not be too strongly emphasised." "Then as to thu management of hucIi an institution ; have you formed' any opinion as to thu linus oil which it should bo con ducted T " I certainly think tho representatives of both secular aud religious bod ica should : have a voico in tho govurtimenl and ad ministration. and I tako it for unrated that thu different classes and de nominations would be represented on tho committee." "About maintenance— do you think the State should tako the responsibility, or thaL the institution should bo supported' by voluntary subscriptions only ' " I am disposed to think that such nn institution could bo maintained by private subscriptions, aided by a Govern- mont 'subsidy. A few .yours ago there would not hiivo hucu any difliculty experienced in raising sufiioiuut funds for tlio purpose, but at tho present tiino I fear that a very Beauty respouso would bo mado for tho reason that tho colony is iu such n depressed condition and thcro arc so many people in needy circumstances. If anything u to bodouu now, I aiu disposed to think that tho iiiitiativo' must be taken by tho Govern ment." " As to tho religious aspect?" \ "Well, thatisn very delicate matter, and ono regarding which I should not liku lo say much without further reduction. It involves a vory serious question, trad unu fraught with tuauy prospective difficulties. The rule iu England is that in thu mIisciico of proof of the religion of tho parents of a foundling child, it is registered as an Anglican, that buiug tlio Stale religion. Tlio same practice obtained iu Ireland prior to thu dUustsbluhuiunt of thu Irish Church. Tho culo in Ireland now is that if n child tak?n to an asylum for infants in found to bsve ntLachod to it any ntstsinput in writing or any emblem indicating thu religion of tlih parcms, or the person from whom it is received do- clnre it to bo of a certain faith, it is rcgintnrsd accordingly. Ro far ns u Statu religion is concerned Irelind i« nominally in the samo position na Australia, that is to say, there is no Statu, religion, in either country. The casps, however, are not parallel, for tbo reason that thu traditioni and claims of whitTvai tho established churcu' still linger in tho minds of tho (rish Anglicans, and there is nlwaya a desirn mautfnatcd to register children as Anglicans unless con vincing proof bo afforded thut thay proporly belong to somo other denomination, Tlin snmo difiiculty might, ariin hero, but ns I liavo told you, lahouid not like to say much on the point without giving it f urthur coiisidera- tion. While 'dealing with this phono of tho subjoat.I would liko to refor too State- aided local cbarity whioh baa developed into a puroly sectarian institution, 'that is to say, It is altogether Frotesiantalthougb it is maintained by general public sub- Bcriplions, end participates in the annual vote by Parliament for tho charities. That is tho Deaf and Dumb Asylum. Ai showing this, I may toll you that somo. years ago a Catholic clergy man visited tho Asylum for the purpOBu of imparting religious instruction to the Catholic inmates, but >o many woro tbo difficulties placed in his way that they amounted almost to prohibition, and in despair ho at last ceased his visits to the Asylum, saying that perhaps the only- courto left - open to him was, so frtr as his ' opportunities enabled him, to prevent Catholic children being sent there. I morely men tion this to Ahow what difficulties way arise should a foundling hospital m cstabllihod." 44 An idea seems to provail in some quarters . that foundling hospitals run oo(int«r to tho docthnos of 'too. Reman Catholic Church." That is fiUaoy. Sack institutions aro in. accordft&oe; with the principles and Iraditious of tho church. As a matter of fact, the first institution of the kind was established by Catholics, there being one in Komo which was founded by Pop.o Innocent HI., where a section was set apart in a largo benevo- l- i t asylum, tho Hospital of the Holy Ghost, for tho roception of infants who wero received and tended by nuns whoso sole duty it was. Then the labors and appeals of St. Vincent do Paul resulted In the establishment of the first Foundling Hospital in Paris." This closed tho interview, and our ro- prcsuntntivo withdrew. 