A HAUNTED HOUSE. HENRY THE EIGHTH'S WIVES. Mr. Henry Lucy, in his last London letter, writes-:—" Hampton Court, built by Cardinal Wolsey, with its red brick front tenderly toned by time, and its old- world garden, is one of the most beautiful things within easy access of London. It has now taken on a new charm, for it is said to be haunted. Housemaids going about their ordinary vocations have ' seen things,' and elderly ladies whose widowhood has been soothed by free quarters in the old palace are saying that, cherished as is the privilege, they will be obliged to relinquish it and live in a humbler abode, wbere spooks oease from troubling and earlier tenants are at rest. It is no new story this about ghosts at Himpton Court. It is recurring at intervals, going back to Stuart times. A dozen years ago there was a scare in the place, arising from the fact that two of the most reputable ladies having suites of rooms in the Palace had seen and heard a visitant whom by her dress and partly-concealed face they recognized from a portrait as Catherine Howard, one of Henry VIIL's wives, who for a while before she lost her head was lodged at Hampton Court. When seen on several occasions by these ladies Queen Catherine was standing by the great staircase wringing her hand and piteously sobbing. A more familiar ghost at Hampton is tint of another of King Henry's wives, Jane Seymour. There is a story revived just now at Hampton Court, and eagetly told in circles on visiting terms with the denizens, which lacks nothing in picturesque detail. Twenty years ago there was heard in the palace the sound of a spinningwheel. No spinning-wh^el was in view, and in tbe particular quarter, where night after night, the unmistakeable sound was beard, there was no chamber that might contain one. The noise seemed to come from behind a dead wall. So persistent were the assertions anent this mysterious noise, that authority was obtained for piercing the wall, which it was found bricked up a email room, in which stood a spinningwheel. Old plans of the building showed that this hitherto unsuspected room had been the private apartment of Queen Jane. I tell this as it is gravely told me, but strong'y suspect that the recrudescence of the ghost scare has something to do with the ruthless action of the First Commissioner of Works. Though the greater put of the old palace is allotted to the use of widows of more or less eminent men who find favor in the eyes of the Queen, the ordinary public are still privileged, at stated hours, to pass through tbe picture gallery and loiter in the garden." 