CONSERVATIVE HOODLUMS. „-*§§- closin Jfieeting | Mr. P'es^^mpaignJ^atSandl, Bay on Monday night, the most disgrace ful and useless tactics were indulged packed the rear of the ball and in flulfptf Ii° ajranniflff (fasJhidg ,-pf intch jcclions, aud endeavored to do lbeir utmost to foment a disturbance, much to the annoyance of the speakers and their sympathetic audience, as well os delaying the jbusincE^ of (flip mso?t Mr. Piesse's platform was ' jumped ' °.v; ^f^o.wifin wbo is a representative of that class, which has arrogated to itself the titular distinction of 'gentleman.' The bad example was followed by men of less pretentions than himself, although not less calibre, for the first- gentleman quickly stamped himself the most egregious political ass and totally ig norant of. the present political situation, particularly in his want of knowledge of -the fact that the Brad don Administration had no'jntention of bringing in the tax on unimproved land values this year. His ignorance necessitated Mr. Piesse reiterating statements that have ? been made in and out of parliament over and over again any tjmo during the pnst six weeks. Of course it ie the right and proper thing for an doctor to ask the candidate any question he chooses. That, however, doea not give him the right to address tho audience. If be wantato doso he musfchire ftlialUiim self or rest satisfied with airing his eloquence from -liis own party's plat form. Great credit was due to Mr. Piesse's agent, Mr. McPariane, that he exerted himselfj to prevent any thing in the form of retaliation being indulged in. Thk Clipper gives special attention to tin's matter, even though the election is potv over, with the object of preventing similar ignorant and mischievous behaviour in the future, knowing that such tactics were the eftusq of the wlectioneering ructions in Sydney; Iu that city the Freetrade party were the first aggressors in exactly the same kind as dealt oat to 4Ir. Piesse. The proceeSitip w«o ajloWfe'd to go unchecked bv Hie Conservative ni-rac of that city, as here, tho Mebcubt merely dubbing it a ' lively meeting.' The U&dicaA; clement got lived of the gnmo befhg played against the Liberal and Lalor speakers as well as the Protectionists, aud mado an ag gressive and retaliatory movement in tho sime direction, when tbe Con servatives found themselves fairly hoisted with their own petard j and then did not the Couseivatiso press howl and profefsioual pugilists were engaged end extra police demanded. Let Tasmatiiaii Conservatives take warning and give over standing on a hoop that is sure to spring up and strike them on the face. V THE IRISHMAN AND HIS ?; 1 ;. :. ; ^his'kk. ? . . ! y ' Tbe Parnellites,' ncfording to cablegram, 'hftve'6eclal«d that theyi will vot« ogainst the increase of excise duty on beer nnd spirits.' Lest the teetotal fiend should desire to hang a homily upon (bis item and the nnti-Homc Ruler expatiate upon it as an evidence of the want of thrift and the fondness of Puddy for his whisky, Thk Clhm-kb wishes to say in anticipation of the usual pump handle twaddle and yollow pup yelpings— Rot. The fact is that both the Irish party and the Radicals have dropped to old England's method of gaining her revenue from the poorer classes and her studious endeavors to1 let the ' upper crust ' down as lightly as possible and almost totally exempting the landlords. To do this customs and excise is heavily drawn upon, whilst even the incidence of the income tax falls most heavily on small incomes A glance at Britain's drink bill is especially interesting at this juncture. £31,462,217 npvrt from licenses are ruissd for revenue purposes. Of this monster sum £20,340,421 are raised from spirits, which arc charged at 10s. 6d. and 10s. 10J. a gallon according' as they are British or foreign. In tbe matter of raising revenue through the chink ing habits of tbe nation it would be thought that, all sections of thecoui munity are treated alike. Not so, however, for with a shameless dis regard to justice even, in this matter,, the working cl»ss(s, who aro the largest consumers of spirits and beers, go to the wall. Wine*, tbe luxury of the rich, add £1,268,491, and are only taxed Is. to 2s. 6J. a' gallon. £0,853,305 are drawn from the poor man's beer. The Scotuh ffiMfisays gflf to tbI{|jjKtoms and Ilitimau foHhis whist^'hilst the ]|#nan is pt off at iW^W. The gnatest injustice is thewral done to IP' ..-? 'THE AUSTRALIAN WOMAN ' ON THE RAMPAGE The workers for many years sut fered through allowing a class of man to pose as their champions and it was not until their unions were fall ing to pieces, as a result of wars in which they found the Governments that they found they had been hood winked and that the various legoi lists, that they were awakened into the necessity of representing workers by workers. ' In New 'South Wales woman's suffrage, and under the title, of the Woman's Suffrage' League of N.S.W. a most reliable-'primrose ' league has been set on foot with Lady Windeyer as the 'first president and the next if .she desire.' Evidently the object is to misrepresent the women of the parent colony. A glimpse into the columns of. their, official organ, the Australian Woman, is extremely refreshing. The' leading column is devoted to giving 'tongue pie' to a well-known journalist for not having treated their lady can- vasser with a proper amount of respect and even going so far as to refuse to subscribe. In the course of this diatribe the editress anuounces that ' we have the best editorial staff in Australia outside the Bulletin office. We comprise among other excellent things ladies of refinement, culture, polish — linguists, scholars . . . . and we know how to handle them.'! A big contract, The Clipper reckons. After the Australian Woman has given a drubbing to another editor for writing a 'criminal libel on Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen,' and demanding that his bonds be estreated, she trips lightly off and ' pla£s.' ' Ridiculous Dibbs' and fairly ' busts ' her stay-laces in laughing' at the idea of a libel. She says, ._that_ J' the Government had better hold iu its horses and go slow when attempting to come. to issue with us. _. . . Imagine^he iniistiv fnsty Thrown law officers standing ? up in their badges of base -deception to a count a,Uw-, we -iiad ujj^do our 4fl fen2J&§ spe^i-^faiDgb ! Jj'bat is tb%| and flighty one then takes a fall out of labor representatives and advocates them relegati nffTTTeir rejireseuTalion to 'genflBMonrjof 3p)sitiph foe husi ness.' Artey eulogising \Me- Airfield Infants' Home as 'so English, yon know '; she Revels -p in death ajid, bpWais |udjMates v^tbat she yof tea htH-f- ifW4ierJw^ids*l-y telliugitliena tbat when her spirit paesefi to the other life her body- is to be ci-emated. ' Think how sweet and nice it would it would be and how healthy !' But after all, the Ai'sniA^jAN Woman cannot do without a man on the premises, for they have hired a 'Man from America.' Without a doubt he is kept busily employed assisting the editress to ' handle her staff ;'' but his chief use appears to be to run in ' unsexed nincompoops that refuse to subscribe. On such an unfortunate the doughty female opens out, ' If he be a no-account-man the MAN from America will ring his neck and leave him like one of those fowls which poulterers hang outside of their doors. And, you bet your sweet life, he can do it! He did not travel eight months with Jim Corbett, for nothing and when not lounging up at Larsen's listening to ghost stories and smoking cigars — not those with the label on please— he would be only too de lighted to receive orders to take Wynne and the bogus manager- and knock their' heads together until the sawdust ran out." Evidently the coming of woman is a tough morsel, and if she comes over to the Tasmanian Exhibition — well, none of the CLIPPER staff will waste time in taking her for a walk to see the mountain or the various beauties of nature. Hospital -Saturday in Sydney I'ftkprt. in t!ie(,rcBpcpUblo sum of ?deiSTS.v'AnJeqBftlly good result on a smaller scale would follow the ^iiftogflt-ation.-of o similar institatjtjn Tie%, and' would at 'the present 'time be doubly acceptable in replenishing the Hospital with some of the necessary comforts swept away under the heading «f-. retrenchment. Tbe Sanitary Ass. could resuscitate itself on this question with popularity and most excellent results. \- . V The.Ifuw.Sou.th Wales Labor Party says !tW. the new. Miuing on Pri vate Lands Bill, as ra-intioduced by the Government, embodying ' the amending mutilations of the Upp jr House on tbe first measure, is .solK.ho Mm minla^vi 1 merolff servo tH»yndioalK*liich tbe sfl pf thoW Man lWf and coutinnalfefostiM». |^s 