THE d&VER;!NMENT'S POSITION. (TO MR tDITOR OF. TUH ' ' AUSTRALIAN SCAR.") Sir,— One oertainly 'cannot compliment the Opposition and their press claquers on the indecent hasto shown in trying to coffin the alleged dead Government before being quite certain of its demise. Power and pay are ail verv well, but to make the hunger for them so very apparent is not altogether good policy for a party hitherto given to the more diplomatic course of pretended patriotism and honesty of purpose. These self-styled saviours of the country cannot even wait till the elections are quite at an eud to see how the political parties really Stand. Not satisfied with their good for tune in not having lost a Hingle seat to a protectionist by vote-splitting", whereas the protectionists have lost eight such seats, tho free-traders have established a bogus political barometer whereby credit is taken to themselves for the return of men who either beloug to the protectionist or labor parties. Fancy claiming Mr. Campbell, " fair- trader " for Kiama,.and who defeated the free. trade nominee, Mr. Fuller, as a free-trade supporter I By thus manufactur ing figuros to make it appear the Govern ment has sustained an irrecoverable reverse at tho polls the free-trade pressmen hope to raise a popular clamor demanding the Government's immediate surrender, and by that means obviate the possibility of fresh Council appointments adverse to the free-trade interest, and generally to smoothen the Opposition's pathway to office and its sweets. The Government are to sneak out like whipped eurs, in order, forsooth, that the Opposition might come in the sooner ! The free-traders would Beem to think from This the protectionists to be possessed of a degree of self-abnegation that would argue that, being destitute of the quality thomsolves, tiiey regarded the protec tionists as holding a monopoly of this, in the abstract, much-lauded attribute. Now, without supposing for a moment that Sir George Dibbs will do other than what the surrounding political circumstances will fully warrant him in doing, I would like to point out that it would be quite competent for. the proteciiooists to keep the free traders opt of oifico by adopting the tactics of the free. traders themselves at the laBt goneral eleolions.. Then, it will be remem bered, the free-traders came back from an appeal to tho country very much (14 or 15) in a minority; hut much to everyone's sur prise they clung to office whilst the ghost oi a chance was left. Assisted by the labor party, under a promise of "support for concessions," tho free-traders managed to keep tho. protectionists (victors at the polls) out of office for six months. Sir Henry Farkes, thai champion of constitutionalism and " straight-going" generally, threw over the original Government programme of federation and local government— and which he had before the elections declared be would maintain at all hazards— in favor of, its the price of labor's support, " One man I one vote," the Coalmines Regulation Bill, I &c.;, none of which measures, it is needless to I say, ho passed into law. Now, if the pro- I tcctionists like they, too, oan playat"sinkiog I tile fiscal issue " by promising complinncb I with labor's demands, and so deny the office- I hunger of the free-traders for an indefinite I period. To do this would indeed be a ease | oi being "hoist with their own petard." I But if the protectionists are to go down let I it be with colors living and with face to the I foe. Their day will Boon come again. — I Yours, &C.;, . . C. W.C. 