ROCKHAMPTON. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1894. THE RATE OF WAGES. When discussing matters with tin pastoral lessees recently, the Premiei incidentally suggested that among thi means for relieving them of theil difficulties they should essay to effect i reduction in wages. This propositioi has been received almost with a bowl o indignation by the Labour party, anc the Worker has been cartooning Mr Nelson for making it. Wages are o the first importance to workers, ant they are not to be hastily blamed foi offering determined opposition to theil reduction. Unfortunately, where per sonal interests are concerned, people arc apt to be carried away by minglec passions. Some effort should be made however, to restrain these, and discus: the wages question calmly and de liberately. The thought of reducing wages was perhaps suggested to the Premier by what transpired in Mel' bourne recently. There a meeting ol representatives of municipalities was held, at which the rates of remunera- tion of workmen employed by them was discussed. The main purpose ol the meeting was to agree upon a uniform rate of wages for varioue classes of employees. This was done, and terms agreed upon ranging from Cs. up to 10s. per day. Slight reduc- tions were made in all cases, which, though amounting to only ls. and 2s. a-week individually, would secure a con- siderable saving in the public revenues. It does not appear there has been any great outcry against this pro- ceeding, because it was taken in the public interest. It could not be asserted against these employers that they were bloated capitalists, anxious to rob labour for their own aggrandisement. It was their duty to secure efficient labour at as cheap a rate as possible, without being extortionate in their demands. The share that labour should have in the profits of productive industries is among the problems of the hour. Before he wrote The Wealth of Nations, Adam Smith wrote a work on The Theory of Mored Sentiments. In the latter he discoursed largely on sympathy, which he recognised as the mainspring of human conduct. To this process of the mind or feeling he held man is indebted, not only for the highest prin- ciples, but also for the deepest emotions of human nature. Yet, in his larger and better known work, he left sym- pathy out of account, and the funda- mental assumption in it is that each man exclusively follows his own interest, or what he deems to be his own interest, " and one of the peculiar features of his book is, to show that, considering society as a whole, it nearly always happens that men, in promoting their own interest, will unintentionally promote the interests of others." It is to be feared that Scotsmen, who have hod a large share in developing theinterestsand creating the existing social order in Aus tralia, have been more familiar with The WeaUh of Kations. Hence the bitterness of recent struggles between labour and capital, and the displays of inordinate selfishness on both sides. Were sym- pathy allowed to exert its influence, the complaints about the disabilities and grievances of the workers would not be so prominent, and might altogether dis- appear. There can be little doubt sym- pathy, perhaps -more than economical considerations, sways the feelings of the bulk of onlookers in the conflicts be- tween capital and labour, and it will presently be evoked upon attempts being made to meddle with the wages of bush workers. Already they have been represented as bucking, and up- setting those who would endeavour to control their movements. Appeals of this kind, to the untutored intellect, are potential, but it is to be regretted they are not always quite fair. In connection with the question of wages, we think it is to be regretted that some relation ( between wages and the cost of living j cannot be established. We have been led^to recur to this element in the dta- ] cuEsion by the decline in the price of flour, upon which we recently com- mented. Other things have fallen in proportion. Among the results of the determination of the Indian and Ceylon tea growers to oust the Chinese out of the markets of Europe and America lias been cheap tea for Australia. Home- grown sugar holds the colonial market at a low rate, which threatens to be reduced by the pro- duction of beetroot sugar in Victoria. Potatoes and other products of general consumption have all been reduced in price. Butcher meat is being sold in our provincial townships at lid. per lb. It is quite evident, moreover,"that not- withstanding increased exports, dairy produce will be more abundant, and of course cheaper than ever. A review of the movement in prices shows that the producer is the first to feel the decline ; then those engaged in the land and sea export industries must reduce rates to induce trade. It is absurd to suppose that workers can remain beyond the influence of these movements. Is it fair in them to expect that while the hardworking farmer has to accept less remuneration for his continuous toil, they should be kept going on at the old rates ? When a fall in the cost of living takes place a reduction in wages should be gracefully conceded. In suggesting that the bush-workers' wages should be reduced, the Premier was, perhaps, guilty of an error in political strategy, of which his opponents are evidently making the most; but in all fairness we cannot discover that his proposal is either unfair or unreasonable. Many years ago when what was known as the Black Sea Conference was sitting iu London, Pundi had a cartoon of John Bull, with no little awe depicted in his face, looking into a room full of shadowy figures, and exclaiming, " Ghosts, by George, ghosts." The assemblage sitting in Sydney last week, and known to the world as the Military Federal Conference, recalls the picture. Intercolonial conferences on any subject have hitherto never been got together without a vast amount of preliminary correspondence. There have been representations, and bases of agreement, and exchanges of view, and many other things to settle Before any conference could meet. But this was not tho case with the military conference. In some magical way Mr. Reid, Premier of New South Wales, summoned to Sydney at a moment's notice, the commandante of six of the seven colonies, and by five his command was instantly obeyed. It has been explained that the extreme haste was due to the fact that Major Tulloch, the senior officer in Australia, leaves in a few days for England, and the conference met in hot haste in order that he might be able to attend. However, that may be, the conference sat only a couple of days, and is said in that time to nave evolved two complete schemes for the defence of Aus- tralia from foreign aggression. If the schemes are worth even the paper they are written on, then the conference was a very remarkable one. Without professing the slightest know- ledge of military strategy, it ÍB yet permis Bible to believe that two plans for the complete defence of Australia are not matters to be drawn up with the speed and facility of a couple of newspaper paragraphs. The first plan lt has been said is based on federation that is on one Government for the whole of Australia, to whom, and its duly appointed officers, all the troops would be bound to render obedience. The second plan takes things as they are as its basis-six Govern- ments with six armies, none nf which could cross the boundaries of its own territory without the consent of the Government into whose territory it was to be moved, and every one of which would be bound to obey only its own Government. Now these are two very knotty problems, and yet we are told the conference solved them in two days. H that ii correct, as everyone will hope it is, then the conference was simply a marvellous body. Always provided it was a conference of mortals, working under all the limitation which affect mortality. If, however, it was a conference of "GhostB, by George, ghosts," then, of course, we would learn without surprise that it had accomplished stupendous feats of this kind. Farmers inf this district are not taken with the idea of starting a dairy factory with at- tached cold storage rooms. Upon reading the paragraph we have quoted from the Wide Bay Nacs, both consumers and producers, we think, will envy the Bundaberg folks the ad- vantages they enjoy, in the present hot weather, and with perhaps hotter in im- mediate prospect, of drawing their supplies of food from chilled chambers. It is indeed, a little tantalising to hear of meat and fish, dairy produce and fruit, being served out in toothsome and tempting condition, at a time when the appetite flags, and something is needed to give meals zest. Though the idea of a dairy factory may be abandoned in the mean- time, that is no reason why the cold storage part of the scheme should be lost sight of. That is a matter which may be taken up by our citizens, and let us point out would be of particular advantage to our hotel- keepers. On occasions when they required to lay in special supplies of meat, poultry, fish, &c;, they could do so with great convenience and confidence. Dealers in these articles could also make the stores repositories, whence customers could draw out supplies as needed. Producers, also, would find them useful in many ways. IB it not possible to induoe some one acquainted with the working of such establishments to erect one in Rockhampton ? Inquiry in town might show that a company could be formed to place us in this matter on a level with Bundaberg. At the last meeting of the Rockhampton Municipal Council, a resolution was passed to have the Corporation Baths opened to the public to-morrow. This has been found to be impossible through a break in the main. Thc baths, however, are expected to be open on Saturday next. The slojd carpentry class in connection with the Rockhampton School of Arts, was opened last week, under the direction of Mr. W. M Wallace with thirteen pupils ; but the number has been increased to sixteen. The class ia held twice a-week-on _ Wednesday after- noon and Saturday morning. Others are ex- pected to join at an early date. The weather yesterday was very hot and muggy. Rain threatened for the greater part of the day ; but if we except a light shower, which took place between one and two o'clock in the afternoon, none fell. The shade readings of the thermometer for the twenty-four hours ended at 9 a.m. were as follow : - Rockhampton, maximum 96'4°, minimum 67 9°; Alice, 96°-02° ; Bustard Head, 80°-70°; Clermont, 97°-05°; Emerald, 91°-66°; Gatcombe Head, 85°-72°; St, Law- rence, 95°-69°; Springsure, 97°-64°; Bris- bane, 86°-«3°; Double Island Point, 79°-71°; Mackay, 85°-68°; Maryborough, 9S°-69°. The fortnightly mooting of the Nortli Rock- hampton Borough Council will bo held to- day. An entertainment entitled " The Temple of Fame," will be given in thc School of Arts this evening, in aid of the funds of St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church. Ratepayers of Rockhampton and Nort Rockhampton are reminded that rates mm be paid by to-morrow evening, if they wis their names to bc placed on thc electoral ro for thc year. An application was marie before the Polk Magistrateycsterday by Harry Edwards, licet seeof the RoscwoodHotel, applying for n booti license at thc Morinish races on the 9th o November next. The police offered no ob jection and thc application was granted. It will be noticed, from an advertisement ii this issue, that an alteration in thc time-labli of the Emu Park Railway will come inti operation on Saturday. The trains that Imvi been leaving North Rockhampton at 1 '30 p.m and 5 30 p.m. on Saturday are to be abolished and instead trains will be despatched al 2-30p.m. and 9-30p.m. Thc train that hoi been sent from the Park at 3'35 p.m. or Saturday will in future be kept back until 7'30 p. m. The steamer Leichhardt conveyed from thc steamer Wodonga, which arrived in Keppel Bay on Sunday night, to the wharf 26X Lincoln stud rams. The rams were shipped from Melbourne and consigned to Messrs. Dalgety and Co. They are a fine lot. Theil destinations are Messrs. Fairbairns' Peak Downs Station and Mr. John Coldham's Wol fong Station, whither they will be dispatched in a few days. Two rams died on the voyage up. A meeting of the Rockhampton Musical Onion was held on Monday evening, at which it was decided to accept the offer of £20 end expenses to give a performance of Iolanthe at Mount Morgan. There is only one difficulty in the way of going to the Mount. That is that oneof the members requires an honorarium of £10 in addition to his expenses, and this the Union does not feel disposed to give. It is boped, however, that an amicable arrange- ment will be come to by the member consent isg, like the others, to tender his services for the good of the Union gratis. It was agreed to repeat the opera in Rockhampton in aid of (he funds of the Union on Friday, the 30th of November. It will be of interest to residents of Lake's Creek to know that a branch of the Govern- ment Savings Bank has been established there under the direction of the Railway Station- master, Mr. Horner, and that a money order office is to be opened there in a few days, also under Mr. Homer's direction. The Post- master, Rockhampton, is also endeavouring lo arrange for the delivery of letters, ftc., to residents living within a radius of a mile of Lake's Creek, and he will be pleased to re- ceive applications for the performance of the work from anyone willing to undertake it. Correspondence is now delivered on the north «ide of the river as far down as Kalka Creek ; bat if a reasonable offer ls received for de- livery within a circle of about a mile and ?a-quarter from the Lake's Creek Railway Station, which is also the Post Office and Savings Bank, and will shortly be the Money Order Office, people living within that circle will have their letters and papers delivered at their houses daily. The work will be don«, by contract, and not -as in the case of Rock- hampton and North Rockhampton-by postal officials. Before the business of the Police Court -eommenced yesterday the Police Magistrate stated that the man Patrick Fox, who was ?arrested on Monday for obtaining goods from Mr. Stokoe under false pretences, had that raornincr been examined by Dr. Voss. He (the Police Magistrate) had taken the doctor's -evidence, in which he stated that the accused was at present insane, and was unfit to appear in Court on a criminal charge. The .doctor also recommended that the accused be remanded, and he (the Police Magistrate) would remand him until Monday next. He would also ask Sub-inspector Carr to make inquiries as to the accused's conduct on the Burwah on the way up. Senior-constable *Glackin said he had made inquiries of the fore cabin steward, and he learned that the accused went ashore at Maryborough and got .drank, and he was quarrelling all the way to Rockhampton. The Police Magistrate in- structed the police to have the steward called ass & witness on Monday next. A somewhat peculiar matter was submitted to Mr. Justice Windeyer in Chambers, says the Sydney Morning Herald, upon a special .case stated by Mr. Baylis, Police Magistrate, of Cootamundra, for the opinion of the Court. It appears that Thomas Williams, onoe an auditor of the Borough Council of Coota- mundra, resigned his office on the ground that certain recommendations made by him -and bis co-auditor in connection with the accounts of the borough bad not been carried .out. Upon this, the Town Clerk of the borough laid an information against him under the 39th section of the Municipalities Act, by which he was liable to a penalty of £25 for resigning. At the hearing before the Police Magistrate, no proof was adduced that the defendant had made the declaration of acceptance of office required by the Act, and on this ground the magistrate held that the information must be dismissed. At the request of the complainant a special case was stated, and the matter was fully argued yes- terday hy Mr. C. P. Stephen and Dr. Sly. His Honour held that the decision was erroneous, as it was not imperatively neces- sary that the declaration should be proved, and there was ample evidence by the defen- dant's own letter that he accepted the office of auditor, and had acted in that capacity until be resigned. The case was remitted öoek with the opinion of the Court. The residence of Mr. John Rutherford, .Charles-street, off the Yaamba Road, North Rockhampton, was entered by burglars on Monday evening or yesterday morning. Mr. Rutherford retired to bed at about ten o'clock, and was not disturbed till morning. In tho morning, however, the back door was found to be wide open, and behind it was the lighted lamp which Mr. Rutherford was accustomed to burn in his room. A search was at once made, and it was found that a vest containing a gold watch and chain and a few shillings, a pyjama coat, and a dark -coat were missing from the lobby. The pyjama coat was afterwards fonnd near where the burglar had climbed the fence. The polloe were informed at once and they made a careful examination of the place. It was afterwards found that a silver cup, presented by the late Mr. T. M'Laughlin about fourteen years ago, for the best hunter at the Rockhampton show, and won by Mr. Rutherford, was also miss- ing. Mr. Rutherford is of opinion that the person or persons entered the house by climb- ing on the verandah, and entering his room where the light was burning. That night Mr. Rutherford left the door of his room open, feeling sure that no one could pass through without disturbing him. The burglar when he entered the room must have taken up the lamp, which was near the door, and passed round the foot of the bed, and out another door into the parlour, and then opened thc back door and made his escape. There was a quantity of valuables in a wardrobe in Mr. Rutherford's room which was untouched, and also another watch whioh was hanging on the wall, and two cups which were higher up than the one that was stolen. Mr Rutherford thinks these latter articles were over- looked br the burglar through his keeping his eye on Mr. Rutherford while passing through the room. Mr. Rutherford states that his room door was the only one he ever kept open BB he was confident that no one could pass through thc room without beinr heard by him, but now he thinks that a Kenon could take thc pillow from under his ead and he would not be disturbed. The police are investigating the matter. Thieves equally as bold as this one are in town at fn-csent, as thc saddle was stolen off a horse eft standing in East-street on Saturday night last. 