The Colonel's Ideas. To. be sure, said the Colonel , Laporte, I am old, I have the gout, my legs are as stiff as fence posts, and yet if a woman, a pretty woman, should command me to go through the eye of a needle I believe I should leap at it like a clown in a ring. I shall die thus ; it is in the blood. I am an old beau ; yes, an old beau of the old school. The sight of a woman, a pretty woman, thrills me clear to my boots. There, you have it. Moreover, we are all a little alike in France, gentlemen. We still remain knights, in spite of obstacles, knights of love and of fortune since they have suppressed God, whose bodyguard we in truth were. But woman they will never remove from our hearts. She is there, and she will remain there. We love her, and we shall continue' to love her ; we shall commit for her all kinds of follies as long as there is a France on the map of Europe. And even if they conjured away France there would always remain Frenchmen. As for myself, before the. eyes of a pretty woman I feel myself capable of everything. Bless your soul ! when I feel h&r; look enter into me, her -look), by J ove ! which puts fire into one's veins, I wish I don't know what— to fight, to wrestle, to break the furni ture, to show that I am the strongest, the bravest, the boldest, and the most devoted of men. But I am not the only one by any means; the J whole French army is like me in this respect. From ' the foot soldier to the general, we go. ahead, and to : the end, when a woman is in question— a pretty ! woman. You recall what Jeanne d'Arc made, us do j in former times. And I wager, you, that if a woman, i a pretty woman, had taken the command of tbe j army on the eve of Sedan when Marshal MacMahon was wounded, we should have crossed the Prussian j lineB, by Jove! and drank our drams in their cannons. It was not a Trochu that Paris needed, i but a Saint Genevieve. I call to mind vividly a little anecdote of the war : which. proves that we are capable of everything in the presence of a woman. I was then a captain, a simple captain,' and I com - manded a detachment of scouts who were retreating through a country overrun by the Prussians. We i were surrounded, pursued, worn out, stupefied, dying from exhaustion and hanger. - ! Now it was necessary that we should reach Bar sur-Tain before the following day, otherwise we wonld be loBt, intercepted, and massacred. -How had we escaped thus far ? I do not know. We had yet 12 leagues to make during tjie night, 12 leagues through the snow and under the snow, our stomachs empty. I thought to myself : 'This is the end; my poor devils will never get there.' Since the evening before they had eaten nothing. All day we remained concealed in a barn, pressed one against the other to keep warm, incapable of speaking or of moving, sleeping by fits and starts, as one sleeps when one is worn out with fatigue. At 5 o'clock it was still dark, with the wan dark ness that the snow makes. I roused my men. Many of them did not wish to rise again ; they could hardly move or stand, auchylosed by inaction and the cold. Before izs was the plain, a great stretch of bare country where the snow poured down. They fell unceasingly, these white flakes, concealing every thing under a heavy frozen mantle; thick and' dead, a mattress of icy wool. One would have said it was the end of the world. ' Come, start on, children.' They looked at it, this white dust, which descended from above, and they seemed to think : ' We have had enough ; it is as well to die here.' Then I drew my revolver. ' The first man that falters I shall shoot.' t And 'they put themselves in motion, like men whose legs are worn out. I sent forward four to reconnoitre, £00 yards in advance ; then the rest followed pell-mell, in a lump, at random, according to their strength and the leogth of their steps. I placed the strongest behind with orders to hasten the stragglers with blows of the bayonet in the back. The snow seemed to be burying us alive ; it powdered the caps and cloaks without melting upon . them ; we looked like spectres, like ghosts of dead soldiers, very tired. ' I said to myself : ' We shall never get out of this except through a miracle.' Sometimes we stopped a 'few moments on account of those who could no longer keep up. Then we heard ~obly thie vague'.patter of ' the. snow, the mur mur, almost imperceptible, made by the crushing and mingling of all the falling flakes. . . Some of the men shook themselves. Others did not stir, Then I gave the order to set out again. They re placed their guns upon their shoulders, and with an exhausted movement they started on. Suddenly, the scouts fell back. Something alarmed tbem. They badbeard talking ahead of us. I tent forward six, men .with a sergeant, and I waited. All at once a shrtll cry, tne cry of a wqtnan, crossed the heavy silence of the snow, aiid after some moments they brought me two prisoners, an old man Tg and a young girl. -S I questioned them in a low voice.. They were fly- jH ing before the . Prussians, who had occupied their S9 house during th« evening, and who were drunk. The ?§ father was.apprehensive for his daughter, and with- jE out even informing their servants they had both W escaped in the darkness, Hf I saw immediately that they were bourgeois, even If higher than bourgeois. '' You will accompany us,' I said to them. If We started on. As the old man knew the country ?$ he guided vs. B The snow ceased falling ; the stars appeared, and Bf the cold became terrible. fl| The vouhg girl, who held the arm of her father, ?§ walked with an irregular, painful step. She mar- B| mured many times : 'I no longer feel my feet,' Bf and as for myself, I suffered more thau the, to By see this poor little woman drag herself along thus in Bf the snow. B| Suddenly she stopped. K| 'Father,' said she, ' I am so tired that I cannot IB go any further.' The old man wished to carry her, but was not even ^B able to lift her, and she flank down on the ground, uttering a great sigh. We made a circle about them. As for myself, I fidgetted about the spot, not knowing what to do, and not being able to make up my mind to really abandon this man and this child. Suddenly one of my soldiers, a Parisian, whom they had surnamed ' Practical,' declared : ' Come, comrades, we must carry this young lady, or we are not Frenchmen !' Upon my word I believe I swore with pleasure. ' By Jove ! that's obliging, my children. Aud I wish to take my share of it.' We saw vaguely in the shadow on the left the trees of a little wood. Some men detached themselves and soon returned with a bunch of branches woven into a litter. ' Who will lend his cloak ?' cried Practical; it is for a pretty girl, little brothers.' And 10 cloaks fell immediately about the soldier. In a second the young girl was lying in these warm coveiingsand raised upon six shoulders. I placed myseif at the heid on the right, and, upon my word, was pleased with my burden. They started on as if they had drunk a draught of wine, with more liveliness and vigour. I heard joke3 even. A woman is sufficient, you £ee, to electrify Frenchmen. The soldiers, thus reanimated and revived, had almost reformed the ranks. An old sharpshooter who was following the litter, waiting his turn to replace the first comrade who should falter, mur mured to his neighbour loud enough for me to hear: ' I'm not young any more, I'm not, that's a fact ; but the sex is the sex all the same ; it takes a woman to give you courage.' Until 3 o'clock in the morning they advanced, almost without resting. Then suddenly the scouts fell back again, and- soon the whole detachment, lying in the snow, made only a vague shadow on the ground. I gave orders in a low voice, and I heard behind me the dry and metallic crackling of the hammers which they were cocking. Down below, in the midst of the plain, something strange was moving. One would have said it was an enormous beast, which was running, stretching itself like a serpent, or rolling itself up in a ball, taking sudden starts, sometimes to the right, some times to tlie left, stopping, then starting on again. Suddenly this winding form approached, and I saw coming, on a full trot, one behind the other, 12 bewildered Prussian cavalrymen, who were seeking their road. They were so near now that I heard perfectly the hoarse breath of their horses, the clanking of the iron of the guns, and the creaking of the saddles. I cried, ' Fire ! ' And 50 reports pierced the silence of the night. Four or five detonations came afterwards, then a last one all alone ; aud when the blinding smoke of the ignited power had dispersed, we saw that the 12 men, with nine horses, had fallen. Three animals had taken flight, starting off on a furious gallop, and one dragged behind it, hung by the foot to the stirrup aud bouncing along distractedly, the corpse of its rider. A soldier behind me laughed with a horrible laugh; another said, ' There are some widows !' He was married, perhaps. A third added, ' It didn't take much time !' A head came out of the litter, ' What have they done ?' said she ; ' are they fighting ?' I answered, 'It is nothing, mademoiselle; we have just despatched a dozen Prussians !' She murmured, ' Poor people ! *' But, as she was cold, she disappeared again under the cloaks. . We went on. We marched* for a long time. Finally the Bky grew pale. The snow became bright, luminous, glittering ; and a delicate rose colour flushed the whole landscape towards the east. A distant voice cried out, '* Who goes there ? ' All the detachment halted, and I went forward to identify us. As my men filed past the guardhouse, .a com mander on horseback, whom I had just notified, asked, in a deep-toiled voice on seeing the litter pass by, ' What have you got there ? ' Immediately a little blonde head appeared. She was uncombed and smiling, and answered, ' It is I, monsieur.' A laugh arose among the men, and joy filled their hearts. Then Practical, who marched by the side of the litter, waved his cap, shouting, ' Vive la France ! ' And, I don't know why, I felt myself very much affected ; it saemed to me so gallant and noble. It seemed as if we had just saved the country, that we had done something that other men would not have done, something simple and truly patriotic. That little face I shall never forget, and if I had to give my opinion as to the suppression of drums and trumpets, I should propose to replace them in cach regiment with a pretty girl. That would be still j better than to play the ' Marseillaise.' What life aud vigour it would infuse into the soldier to have a Madonna like that, a liviug Madonna, by the side of the colonel. He was silent some seconds, then went on with a confident air, shaking his head. At any rate we like women immensely, we French men !— From the French of Guyde Maupassant, in JV. K Borne Journal. 