THE ABSENT MAN. . ' ' By jmiflmh K. Jqxomb. You ask him to dine with yon oo Thorn- day to mcot a fow pooplo wboaro suxloaa to know him. " Now don't mako a meddle of it, joo say, Tocollactfd of Termor mishaps ; and como on Wbdnooday." ' Ho laogba good- naturedly bb ho hunts throogb tho room for hia diary. "Shan't bo ablo to coma Wednesday, ho says J " abali ho at tho Mabaioo Mouse, sketching dresaoB, and on Friday I start for Scotland ao as to bo at tbo oponlog of tho exhibition on Saturday J it'ti bound to bo oil right thio timo. Wboro tho- donco ib that ooto of it on Ibis, you can too mo do it." . Yon stand over bio vvbilo bo writes the appointmint down on foolscap, and watch turn pin it op over bis desk. Then yon como away oontantod. " I do hope he'll torn np," yon say to your wifo on tbo Tborad y evoolog, while droesieg. "Aro you sure yon made it clear to him ?" eho replies susylctoasly ; and yoo natinotivoly fool that whatever happens sho is golDg to blame you for It Eight o'clock arrives, and, with It, the other guests. At hsIf-pBB'. 8 your wifeh beccoDod rojo'crloosly oot of tbo room, wbero tbo parlour maid informs bor that tbo cook has exproisod a determination, in case of furiber delay, to wash her bands, figuratively speaking, of tbo whole affair. Yoar wifo, returning, suggests that, if the dinnor la to bo eaten at al), it bad bettor bo bogan, Bboovlduolly consider that in proiendiog tocxpoct him you bav been merely playing a part, and that it would bave been manitor ana more iitralgbtforwerd for you lo have admllton at tho btgumiug that yon bad forgotten to invite him Dating tbo soup and tbo fish yon u count atioodotos ot hia onpaootuality. B> t io lime the outriso r.irlves, tbo empt) chair baa began io can a gloom over lb« Jinnor, and, wiib the jJnt, tbo ewers!' utioo drilta into tala about doa-i rrUtlves On Friday, a< aquarorpust 8, lift h»f ip to tbo door and rluga vltilmil). iX->ar tug bin voioo in tbo hall, you go tu moot dim. u Surry I'm lale," bo flings oot chtertly, 'fool of a cftbrnan tuok mo to Alfreo Placo iifl oad of—" " Wolf, what do you want, now yoo ar come?" you interrupt, feeling anything tut genially toward him. Ho ia an old aiiODu, eo you can up iuuu iv u«u. Uu laagbs aod alapa you on the tboolder. u Why, my dlouor, my dear boy, 1 at starving." " Ob," yoo grunl in roply. " Well, you 0 and got it eomowhoro clso thou. Yoa're aot going to havo it bore." " What the devil do you mean ?" be ,s)B ; "yon asked mo to dinner." "I did nothing of tb'»kind" you tell tiim, "I aekod yoo to dinner on Thursday, aot on Friday- He etaroa at yon incrcdulouily. ' How did I got Friday fixed in my mind ?" bo aake euqulriogly. " Bccaoaoyoora ta tbo aortof mind tbat would got Friday firmly fixod into it, when Tuureday won tbo day, "yoo explain. "1 thought you bad to bo off to EHn borgb, to-night "yon add, "Great fccott!"ho crloi; "so I havo/ and witbont another word, be doaboa oot, .hnntlriff fnr fhn rflh ho hu IflBt dlfl- uiieaod. As you return (o your study, you rcfl ot that ho will havo to travel all the way to Scotland in ovening dross, and will bavo to sand out the hotel porter in tbe morn ing to boy faim a salt of rcady.mado clotboo; and aro glad. Mattors work out still moro awkwsrily when it is be wbo is tho host. I remember being with bim on bis bouso-boat ono day. It was a little after 12, and wo woro sitting on tho edge of tbo boat, danglmg oor foot in tbe river— tbo spot was o lonoly one, halfway between Wollingford and Dsy'e Lock. Snddonly, ronnd tbo bend, appoarod two Bkiffe, each one containing six olaborately dressed parsons. As sons us thoy oought sight of us they began waving handkorobiefa and parasols. "Hollo," I said, "horo'o nome people hailing you." "Ob, they all do that about hero," be answered, withont looking op ; " some bean-feast from Abingdon, I expect." The boat draw nearer, When about 200 yards off, an eldorly gentloman raised himaolf upon tbe prow of tho leading one and shouted to us. McQaao heard his voioe and gavo a water. " Good God I" bo oried ; " I'd forgotten all about it." "About what?" I asked. "Why, it's tbe Palmers .and the Gra hamB and the Hendersons. I've asked them all over to loocb, and there's not a bl< said thing on board but two mutton chops and a pound of potatoep, and I've given the boy a holiday." Another day I was lunching with h'm at the Junior Hoganh, when a man named H Ilyard, a motaal friend, etrollfd aoroee to op. ( " What are yon fellows going to do this afternoon?" be aekd, seating himself the opposite sido of the tablo. "I'm going to stop bora and write lottos," I onswerrid. "Oom? with me if you want something to do," said M.Quae : " I'm going to drive Leena down to Ricbmond." ( Leena" wss tho yonng lady be recoljectei being engaged to. Ittranspired afterwards tbal he wae engaged to ihr-e girle ot tbe timo The otbortwo be bad forgotten all abont). " It's a roomy seat at tbe baok." " Oh, all right,'.' » al i Ballyard, and ibey went away together in a bans nn. An hour end a half later Hellyard wa'ked into the amoklog-room, looking dopressod and woro, and flang hiroeell fotoaobafr. " I thought you woro going to Rich mond with McQ lae," I said. " Bo did I," he answered. "Hvi an accident?" I asked. "Yee." He was decidedly curt In bis replies. " dart npset ?" I continued. "No— only me" His grammar and bis norves seemed tboroueblv shaken. I waited for an explanation, and after a while bo gavo it. "We got to Putney," he said, "with just an occasional run into a tram-car, and were going op tbo bill, wbon suddenly he turnod a ooroer— over thsourb, across tbe roar) and in'o the opposite lamp post. Of courso, oo a rule, ono is prepared for It, but I nover reckoned on bis tnrning np thoro,and the first thing I roooHeotfofinr log myself in the middlo of tbo street witb a doz n fcols grinning at mo, It takes a man a fow minutes in enoh a oboe to think whoroho ie and what has happened ; and, whon I got np, they wcro tome distance away, I rnn after them lore quarter of a milo, sbontlng at the top of my volco, and accompanied by a mob of boys. But one might as well have tried to bail the doad, ao I took tbo hue back." "Tboy might bavo guessed what bad happonod," be added, " by tbo shifting of tho otrl, if thoy had any oonoo. I'm not s light weight" Ho complained of soronrsp, and said be woold go home. I snggrpted a cab, but ho replied that ho would rather walk. I met McQ iao in tho ovening at the JomeB Thoatre. It was a firet night, and ho woo taklngskoiohos for the Grophio. Tho moment bo law mo bo u>do bio way aoroan to mo. " Tbo very man I wanted to eeo," h aald | "did I take H illyard with mo in tho cart to Riohmond this afternoon ?" "You did," I replied, "0o toena says, " bo wswerpd, greatly , j lcwildorod "but I'll swoir he wran'i thoro wbon wo got to tho Q toon'o Hotel." "It's all right," I esid, "300 dropped him at Potnoy." " Droppod bim at Palnoy I" bo ro- |n ated ; " I'vo no recollection of doing so." " Ho hoe," 1 answorcd "Yoaaekbim abont it ' Ho'e full of It." Everybody eald bo wonld novor got married— tbat it was absord to eopposa be wonld ovor romerabor tbo day, tho church aod tho girl all in one morning— that, if ho did got as far as tbe altar, be would forgot what ho bad como for, and would give the brido away to bis own best man. Hall- yard bad an idea that bo was already married, but tbat tho fact bad clipped Wo bis memory. I mysolf foil sore that if bo did marry bo would forgot ail about It ooxt day, But everybody we« wrong. By somo miraculous moons tbo ceremony tooompltshe t so that if H OlyarJ 0 Idea bo correct (as to which tbero is every possi bility), ihoro will bo tronble. As for my own fears, I dismissed them tbo momont I saw tho lady. 8bo was a charming cbeorfol littlo woman, bat did not look the t po that wonld let bim forget all abont It. . I bad not aoon bim sltco bis mirrfsgo, which bad happened in thefpr«og. Work- iug my way buck from Bcotlaod by oasy atfiges, I stopped for a few days at Boar- boro. After tablo d'bote.I pnt on oj maok'Strs'i, snd wont oot for a walk, it was riir lnj bard, bat aft -r a month in Scotland one does not notice English woathcr, and I wanted some air. oirog- gling along tho dark beach with my hoad fig«inat tbo wind, I stumbled over a croocbiog figoro tbat was seeking to shelter itself a little from tno sioim unaur tbo loa of tho Bpo wall. \- I (xpoct-d it to swoar at roe, not it fioemod too broken.spirited to mind any " I bag your pardon," I aald ; " I did not soo yoo " At the sound of ray voioe it sterted Io its tot " la tbat you, old man ?" it cried " McQ tao 1" 1 exclaimed. "By jave," besild, "I was nover so gl id to see a man In all tny life before." And bo noarly abook my bind off. "But what in thunder," I said, "are you doing hero? Wb/, yoo re drenched to tho skin." IIo wax drcBsed In fl nnela and a tennis coat " Yes," bo answered ; " 1 nover (bought t woolJ roin. It was a hvoly morning." " Why don't you go tome I asked. "ic u't," no replied. 'i coiiiovw h ro I live, I'vofotgolten tbe address." I began to feirthat be bad overworked himself into a brain fever. " For heaven's rak«," he said, " take mo totnewhero, and glto me sometbing lo eat. I'm Utorally starving." "Haven't you any money?" 1 aekod b'm as wo turocd towards tbe botl. "Not a son," bo enswerad. "We got io bore from York, tbo wife and I, abont 11\. We left oar tbin ;i at tbe station, and u'artod to bunt for apartments. As aoon as wo woro fixed, I oliaogod my cl >tboa, and came out for a walk, tolliog Maud 1 ahould bo back at 1 to lunch. L:ko a fool I nover took the aidrcsx, and never noticod tho way I wis going. " It's an awful business," bo contlnnod ; 'I don't seo bow I'm ever going to find tier. I hoped eho might stroll down to ibo Spa in tbo evoning, and I'vo been hanging about tbo gntea ever slnoa 6. I hadn't tbo tbreoponce logo lo." ASUk JVU UB>U UU B Ktrent, or tbe kind of bouse it was?" I en- quTr«d. " Not a ghost," ho repl ed ; "I left It all lo Maud, ond didn't troublo." "Hivo you tried any of tbe lodging houses ?" 1 asked. "Tried 1" bo oxo'aimed bitterly ; "I've boon knocking at doors, and asking if Mrs tfiQ iao livoo thoro, etoadily all tbo after, aoon, and thoy alam tbo door in my fooe mostly witbont answering. I told a pol ooroan ; I thought pebape bo might suggest something. But tbe idiot only buret out laughing, and tbat made mo so mad that I gavo bim a black evo and bad t > out I expect they ro on the lookout for mo now. " I w> nt i to a restaurant," ho continued, gloomily, " and tried to get tbom to trust mo for a steak. But tbo proprietress said she'd beard that talo before, end ordered ma ont bafnra nil nthnr nnitnmAm T think I'd have drowoed myself if yoo hadn't turned up." \- After a change of olothos and some 8appir,ho dlsoaseod the c&bo; moreoalmly. but it was really a serious affair. They had shut up tbolr fl it, and bis wife's .relatives wore travelling abroad. There .was no one to whom bo oould send a letter to be forwardod I there was no one with whom ebe would be likely to com maoiofite. Their obanco of meeting ogain io tbie world appeared remote. Nor did it seem to me— fond as bo was of bis wife, and anxious as be undoubtedly was to recover bor— tbat bo looked for. ward to tbe aotual mooting, should it over ojrive, with any too pleasurable antiolpa- u'od. "8be will think It etrsngo" ho mur murea rencrivsiy, eiiiiug oo ino ongo of tbe bed and thoughtfully pulling off bis HO ok P. " fihe is sare to tbink it strange." Tbe following day, wbtoh was Wodnee day, we went to a eolioitor, and Kid tbe ens before him; and he instiiDted en quiries among - all tbe lodging hooee keepers in Soarboro',. with tbe rotmlt that on Thursday afternoon McQuae was ro. atorod (ufier tbo manner of an Adflpht tioro in tbe last aot) to bis b >me'and wtfe. I ashed him next time I met him, what hi had said. "Ob, muob what I expected," he re. plied. But be never told me what he bad expected. 