CHAPTER XIX. UKKINDKES8 MAE DEFEAT 111' LIFE." In all my experience of gentle Mrs. Wil- I mott never bad ehe to deoide so momentous a j question as that-put to her by Mora Tremayne, who now olung around her with entreaties and mssBB ana imploring looks. " But the cottage at Narong will be damp, my dear," she said, weakly yielding. " It will not, really it will not, the care taker is most particular, and she haB loads and loads of wood to burn. Wdfcan go down to morrow, and I am certain we shall find every thing in readiness." " But my de»,' " "Oh, there are not any morebuts," Mora said despairingly; "after all that I have met and oonquered !" "I was going to say, dear, if I were to go and see your husband " " No, no, when father comes b&ok; be will see him. It would not be the slightest use for you to go ; you know he would frighten yon if he were to frown." "Still, dear, I think you ought to take his word lor a thing." Mora bad only told her old companion and ohaperon that she bad had a serious difference of opinion with her huBband, about a gentleman who had been visiting the house during his absenoe, and whom he ordered her to cut. "If, he says, he is not a desirable ao quaintanoe for you, surely you ought to be guided by you." " Would you be led blindfold by any one! I am afraid yon are the wrong person to ask that question of! You are one of those easily led women who never have doubts, and who would never even seek to look under the bandage when yon were being led blindfold, no matter who was leading you. But I am not like that. Do you think I care ever to see Mr. Underwood again ? Not a row of pins ! It is not that I like him a little bit, it iB only the principle of the thing. Father will settle it when he oomes back." 'J But,' dear, I thought—I always under stood—that your father had gone away for a longtime—two or three years, and you speak as if he were coming ura few days." " So he will oome, soon. Not in a few days, in a few weeks. I shall write by tbe mail that leaves to-morrow, and tell him how much I want him, and be will turn back at onos." Mora did not stop to explain that she did not know where a letter would find her father, as bis course was to be most erratio. He might be at Singapore or Bombay, Ismailia, or Malta. He might have gone straight to England or have delayed or deviated at any point of, bis route. There would be time enough to oombat other ditfioulties when she had settled the initial one of get ing away to her cottage at Narong, with good Mrs. Wilmott as a safeguard. She knew by the great yearning ehe felt for reconciliation i tbat she must have given way as soon as ehe saw Basil again, and have I oonoeded anything he oh cue to demand. While her anger was hot ahe wanted to put it out of her own power to yield to him the first moment _ ahe saw him. She knew that ahe loved him so muoh that ahe would have humbled herself to any extent—to have him eay that the quarrel should be as though it had never been, and that he loved ber. aa dearly aa ever. She knew that ehe waa prop ping her anger with false support,! yet ahe went on rearing them. 8he thought ITnder wood's rebioence in (peeking of the look of cordiality between Bosiland himself wee a deoided point in his favour. He bad said so little that ehe oould not bnt dwell upon the words and be atruok afresh with their preg nant meaning. "J oannot tell bis wife the quarrel I have against bim; it would be taking an unfair advantage of knowledge in my possession." That was what he aaid. He knew the wrong Basil had done to Margaret's mother. She even wondered whether Basil feared he would tell her if they met again, but that was to make Underwood the wronged one. She was not desirous of doing that; ahe was quite ready to believe Basil was right, but he should - have told her all plainly. These were things that might not have been told to a girl; but ehe was no schoolgirl. Though her oneeka might have blushed to hear of auoh things, yak there was no reason why Bhe should not nave a vague acquaintance with the wickedneaa of the world. After all, the affair about Underwood waa a trifle oompared wit the'presence of Margot. She oould not get over the diffioutty oreated by the child's strong resemblance, to Baeil. Only that morning ehe heard one of the maid's say, "Ob, you do look like Mr. Tremayne with your hair up, Miss-Margaret.". And Geoffrey Underwood had remarked it too. He said, "That is the waif that waa deposited at Ooudalla oneetormy night, then?. What an odd coincidence Ibat ehe should take after the Tremaynes so strongly I It ib a long time einoe I have seen any of theui, but surely Mr;. Tremayua's eyebrows had juBt that par ticular curve at the ends, and the slightly formed arch of the nostril—whioh was so ex pressive and remarkable in her and in Baeil, too, is just the same as in the ohild. She will be handsome, I fancy, when'she fills out." Then he added in a still lower tone, "I rather imagine she has not muoh love for you by the stormy glances ehe is oasting in this direc tion." If it were not for the resemblauce, she would have been quite certain that Basil spoke the truth; he was remarkably exact and truthful in the smallest things, ehe kn6w that well enough. She remembered many oirouin etances in which this characteristic bad bees most marked. On the other hand, she remem bered bow Mrs. Tremayne had oertainly seemed to believe that Margot was ber eon a ohild. It waa all ooming baok to her so clearly. With one lait acknowledgment of the difficult position Basil would be plaoed in if he told the truth and confessed to the paren tage of the ohild, ehe gave up trying to.believe hie assertion. She wondered whether, after all these yearn there would be any possibility of finding the mother; if so, ehe would seft herself to the task. Who was the poor creators who had been more fortunate than Basil's wife? That was doubtless a pain that rankled; the unacknowledged mistress had a child while the acknowledged wife had none. Mrs. Wilmott all this time, while Mora's thought had been travelling in a pained unend ing oirole, had been patting and coaxing her to go back to ber home. For ah answer Mora rang the handbell wbioh stood on a little braoket near her. "Tell my man to drive home and eay I am going to stay the night, as Mrs. Wilmott is unwell." "Law, m'm, you dou't eay bo," said the sympathetic maid, rushing to her mistress's side. " It is all right," Mora said oommandingly. " Give the message first, and come baok after wards to hear what has to be done." Mrs. Wilmott was Mr. Kirby's tenant in a convenient cottage just out of town. She paid a nominal rental, on the understanding that if be should desire to sell the cottage she would turn out at once. Mora knew very well he had not the slightest intention of offering it for rale as long as it Buited Mrs. Wilmott to oocupy it. She had no hesitation in ordering a room to be got ready for her own oooupation, and when ehe bad finally euooeeded in eilenomg Mrs. Wilmott's scruples and entreaties, she shut herself up to eilent misery. Her plan, as far as she could be said.to have formed one, was to take Mrs. Wilmott to her furnished cottage at Narong,- and there to.live in seolusion with her. She would allow it to be understood amongst her friends that the good lady waa in delicate health and could not be left alone. She saw no reason why ehe should not remain there until ber father's return. To Basil she would write, giving him to understand that either she or Margot must leave Riverview, that in future ehe would firmly deoline to live under the same rOof with her. He had said without hesitation that it should not be the innocent and unoffending Margot, eo she bad taken him at his word. If he wished her to return to her home she would comeback as soon as he complied with hec terms. She hesitated long beore ebe could de oideif ehe should introduce Underwood's name or not. In the end Bhe made no mention of him, and ignored entirely that portion of their dis agreement. She was aware that ehe wag shifting the ground of their quarrel, but she oared not. She wrote ber letter that night before she went through the pretenoe of seeking slumber, and sent it early the mext morning. She felt almost certain that be would oome to her as soon as he reoeived it, and, with a certain masterful way he had, would-overcome all her resolutions, and without making the ghost of a promise, carry her off triumphantly. Then a little later he would do exaotly what he had refused to pledge himself to' do,' and all would be well. Ah, how she would rejoiee when this, their first, quarrel had been ewept away! She even prepared the speech in which ehe would yield, as if it bad been half a joke on her side, but ber prognostications were at fault. Basil kept the messenger an hour, and sent him book with the following.no.to " My dear Mora—You are acting in a very childish and ill-considered manner. _ When you come to see tfiis yourself—aa I believe you eoon will — I shall be more than glad to welcome you .back to yonr home. I mike otae condition. Although yon have obosen to alter the ground of our differenoe of opinion, I neither forget nor overlook it. If you disregard my wishes and oontinue yonr acquaintance with the person whose name has been mentioned between us I shall not oonsider myself bound by this pledge to welcome you baok, whenever you ohoose to oome. I have undertaken a duty towards Margot that I oannot abrogate for' a mere oaprioe. When yon deoide to return I will undertake that she eball be no annoyance to you.. .Under all circumstances I am, your loving husband, Basil Tbkmayne." Mora read this letter with flushed, angry CGI cheeks, She sat down and dashed off a not* to herfather as if ehe were summoning him from the nest street :— "Darling Father—I am not happy with my husband. Oome baok to me at once. I cannot lire with bim any longer. Without yon my life is utterly miserable. I will join you if you prefer it. With all the lore of my heart. I remain, your unhappy daughter. Mora." It seemed a tame conclusion to have to address this frantio note to the cold imper sonal oare of her father's London bankers, and remain entirely ignorant as to when or where it wtrald reach him; With the same haste she msde ready to whisk Mrs. Wilmott off to Narong the ordered a carriage from the livery stables and a oart to follow with luggage, for whioh she sent in structions to her maid. She gave herself no time to think; and listened to fibs. Wilmott's plaintive remonstranoss with no attention. She felt ehe would have ample time for both these reoreations in the mouths that were to follow. With feverieh eagerness she moved about the cottage, when they rSaohed it, lifting and carrying unnecessary things, working with might and main to ensure Mrs. Wilmott's comfort, surrounding her with suoh oare and affection that the good lady found her own epeoial mission in life taken from her and employed in her own behalf. It seemed to Mora that Fate was being bountiful on her behalf when the next morn inir Mrs. Wilmott confessed to feeling very . unwell, and before many days was seriously ill. It appeared as though it was especially arranged that soandal should be entirely silenced by euch a concatenation of events. _ Mrs. Wilmott never told Mora that all her life eea air had been inimioal to her and ehe had never been able to endure it; nor did ehe tell the dootor that ehe knew her health would return like a oharm as soon as she left the sea side. Whst Mora did not know was the oourse Basil pursued to attain the aame end of *i lenoing eoandaL How he rode each morning with the avowed intention of seeing hie wife, and then simply loitered about, out of sight of any one, during the hour that the folks at the hotel, where heput up his horse, supposed be was spending with his wife. He contented himself with getting news of her eaob day from the dootor, who on his side supposed he was only supplementing the in formation of the patient whioh he had pre viously obtained from his wife or Mrs. Wil mott herself. Mora was shaken from her position of cool security oue morning by receiving a note from Geoffrey Underwood. It was respeotfully worded, hut there was a tone of commisera tion in it that annoyed her exoessively; but the worst of it was that he had heard from Margot, whom he had accidentally encoun tered, that Mora had quarrelled with her husband on hie account. Not only was she at his mercy as far as the spreading of suoh a report went; but, oare fully worded as it was, she saw that he con cluded that she must like him very much indeed to leave the home where he was denied admission. She grew pale with shsme and indignation aB she acknowledged that the supposition was a oolourable one. How to disabuse him of enoh a oonolusion ehe did not know. A letter —no matter how oold or carefully worded might be used against hex—she would not write to him, but Mrs. Wilmott should. The obedient lady, with a ehaky hand, oopied from Mora's writing the following:— 1 "Mrs. Wilmott is authorized to state to Mr. Underwood that he is entirely misin formed of the reason for Mrs. Tremayne's being at Narong. The person from whom Mr. Underwood obtained nis information did not know, and therefore oould not impart, the reason." There oame no answer to this communica tion, and _ Mora hoped he had taken the manifest hint that hie reason being the wrong one his deduction must of oourse be wrong. But she reokoned without knowing the per sistans of an idle man who has exhausted most of the amueementB at his disposal. Underwood took a room at the Narong Hotel, and after being thrioe repulsed at Mora s door, placed himaelf at a point from whenoe he could watch for her coming out to waylay her. She had been really out when he first called, and, the dread that he would repeat hie attempt to see her, she endeavoured to inatruot the unsophisticated serving-maid into the mysteries of the "not at home" formula. Finding her utterly unable to grasp the idea Mora devised a simple plan to avoid him. The cottage next to here was un tenanted. In its garden was a little summer house oovered with a lush growth of creepers. The low fenoe dividing the two had lost two or three palings, leaving plonty of room for Mora to get through into the safe retreat of the arbour, where the too con scientious maid would never think of looking for her before veraoiously replying "not at home," To avail herself of this subterfuge Mora had to be always on the alert. £or with doors and windows wide open and the verandah her favourite pl&oe; to sit (when ehe was not with Mrs. Wilmott), she bad nothing but a small arid garden to screen her from a ohanoe obierver. Without constant oircnmspeotion ehe would oertainly have been seen by Underwood, so that the denial -of an interview would have seemed as though she were acting on her husband's orders or were afraid of him. Basil's letter, whioh she. ohose to consider peremptory and unkind, was the only com munication whioh she received from him. She knew nothing of hie daily pilgrimage to Na rong, nor of hie interviews with the dootor. She waited and waited from day*to day for some sign of forgiveness, or even of further irritation. She wearied for a sight of him, yet her foolish pride would not allow her to acknowledge that she was wrong in demand ing the exile of Margaret as the prioe of her return. She guessed by Underwood's persistence in calling that be would watch her movements to interoept her, so ehe went ont no more except for a brisk walk every morning at 7. This waa, for her, a most heroio measure, as ehe hated early ruing as she hated raw meat. From a safe position behind the Venetian blinds of Mrs. Wilmott's room Mora had watched Underwood slowly pacing by her cot tage with eyes keenly sorutMsing event part of it; it gave her an unsafe feeling, and made her long forBasil'e strong arm to lean on; yet she would not aoknowledge to herself that her refusal to see him was doe to a respeot for Basil's wishes. One day Honor Moore mansgsd to borrow an old buggy and a rough, unshod horse, and drove down to see her friend, whose devotion and selfishness in staying at suoh a dull time at the seaside with her old chaperon bad filled her with a generons admiration that made Mora'e honest nature fliooh. - From her Mora heard of Basil's daily visits to Narong. With a great gulp of repentance Mora deoided that ehe would watch for her husband, _ and when she did meet him, as if by aooident, ehe made up her mind to 662 throw herself at hie feet—figuratively—and say efae had been in the wrong. She thought it would be bo mnoh easier thaogoing home, and perhaps having all her good reaolotione spoiled by first enooontering Marget. She was not without a sense," too, of the dramatic effect the aooidental interview pro vided, greatly exceeding that to be obtained ■ by a tame return _ to her own surroundings, 1 with Basil sanntericg carelessly into the room in wbioh she awaited him, having been already informed by the servants that she | was there. 