A WIFE'S CONFESSION. CHAPTER Xli:-4^CoN*MtiD.)^ The first thing Master Peter did was to open a close lantern, by the light of which she saw that Stephen had really left the room in the dark — for artistic meditation, no doubt, as the Sulks of Genius are called. Then he made a tour of inspection round the room, examining every, object in it, and making frequent references to a note-book, in which — placing his lan tern for the purpose on the bench ot on the gttrand— he now and then made a mark or an entry. It was tin eccentric proceediog altogether. -?' Cyn thia frowneo^to - herself ~she had not bargained to come across anything else, that same evening, of which she could not make head nor tail. And so for that reason, absorbed and therefore ripe for startling as he was, she waited a little — simple curiosity was resuming its normal reign over the magpie. Presently he took up the plate on which Stephen had been working, examined it with special care, and laid it down with a grant which might mean a dozen opposite things. Then he set himself to another business — that of marking, with a knife, every one of the boxes in which the false roubles were ready packed for exportation. It was a detail of the scheme, no doubt, but it Eeemed singular, all the same. There could be ho advantage — rather the reverse — in Tnnlring the parcels more capable of being identified. She had thought she knew every trick and detail of the scheme so well as to be able to direct everything herself in case of need. But if there was no apparent occa sion for scoring the cases, there could only be mere caprice in. similarly marking the press in various places,, and scratching some of the tools. Some grown-up children, she knew, have a passion for scribbling their initials on everything they see,_ from a broken tile to a marble statue ; and this might be the pastime of the work man who appeared to have no other. But his next proceeding was inex-r plicable on any ground, He opened each of the cases in turn, took a single coin out of each, marked it, and re turned it — all save one which, having also marked, he retained. Evidently a careful process of iden tification — no doubt about that. But why ? Cynthia had the whole plan by heart, step by step, including the layers of good coins placed above the false ones to satisfy Custom House inspec tion, and the method by -which the cases were to be removed for ship ment out of a house supposed to be empty -without exciting neighborly cariosity. HadiTit been anybody but Peter Petersen, she must have had her misgivings, without being able any the better to comprehend them. At last, all these things having been done, he gave another careful look tound . the room, closed his lantern l again, and was gone without her ' having made an attempt to scare him. Having waited awhile, she came out of her hiding-place, turned on the gas, and set herself to find out -what Master Peter had been about in this mysterious way^ And sure enough, she found thatT wherever he .had seemed to make a scratch or a score, was scored or scratched the same ap parently meaningless figure composed of three straight lines of different lengths peculiarly arranged. What in the world could it mean? She might, it is true, have asked Peter hinuelf ; but it did not occur to her to regret having missed that way of pntting her mind at ease. She stamped sharply out of sheer indignation at this addition to her ckr onicle of mysteries. Then she also continued her tour of the room, till she, in her turn, came to the place where Stephen had been last oc cupied. There was the plate, it was true, that she had been accused of spoiling. But there also was, on a loose sheet of paper, a pencilled outline of a woman's face. Stephen was in the habit of sketching -while he was talking. . But he was not in the habit, at such times, of occupying himself with the features of actual women — and this was neither mer maid, angel, nor fiend. It was Marion Furness, line for line, and exquisitely drawn. Poor Cynthia let it nutter back to ita place as if it had burned her fingers. Had Stephen meant her to see it, out of defiance? Or had he left it there without heeding whether she might see it or no ? Or had she come upon the revelation of a secret each, as Beemed' to Tie making the whole air heavy? She had never been taught that so long' as a man calls himself an artist he is privileged to brood over whatever faces he pleases, and that what is called inconstancy in others is simply appreciation of the beautiful in him — that a woman has Ho more business to be jealous of another woman's portrait than she lias of a sketch of a caulifloVer. She took just the woman's view— and happy and Tare is the woman who has no knowledge. of what that view Wouldr be. And who would' care a straw for the woman who in such a. case should be altogether wise? Cynthia, from no better cause than the sketch of a face, felt that things were slipping away fsbm her ; that nobody. Wanted her 3 and that there might be euch a thing in life as feeling alone. The old life was about to be broken, with all the perils and excite ments that had made it so well worth living 5 and even - the man whom she' believed bound to her by his helplessness was — she could. . not bear, to think' of it; she eat do wm among the lying coins, and felt that they were exceedingly like what is turned pat from the mint of the World— ^Eair-seeming silver, and not worth a straw unless one can pass them cleverly. What did Peterson's eccentricities signify, after all ? It may be remembered that No. 17 was not only next door to Mr/ Ward, of No. 16, butalsd, on the other side to j No. JL8, occupied by two maiden ladies of liigh^respeCtabUity and good con nections of the same of Burdon. It happened, moreover, that a late sister of theirs had married a gentleman of the name of Morland; and that Me. and Mrs. Morland had left an only son, christened Draycot, after an equally respectable and well-connected godfather. Now only sons, unless brought up with quite exceptional wisdom, are apt to develop that un comfortable quality called character ; and Draycot Morland was no excep tion to the rule. Perhaps the world jowesmore of its originality — that is to say, of its food for humoor — to only sons than to any other class of the community. As an original, it would natur ally be thought that Draycot Morland would be but little in favor with Aunt Grace and Aunt Charlotte. And — since what -would naturally be thought is absolutely certain, to be absolutely wrong — these two most conventional of elderly ladies petted their unconventional nephew a good deal beyond the measure of his heart's ^desire. A spice * 'of -wickedness in .somebody else gives a zest to life at a certain age ; Draycot was as salt to the old ladies' food— odious, perhaps, in itself, but certainly indispensable. And he was pepper, mustard, and vinegar besides. Not that he was really bad. For he was much -worse than bad — he was a Radical, a Socialist, a Heretic, and everything that well regulated minds cannot abide ; a man who thought for himself, and made a point of flying in people's faces $ an unaccountable being, who gave his aunts scope for wondering where he would go to when he died, and yet impelled them to make things pleasant for him, and for themselves, so long as he was alive. And he, like everybody else, what ever they may say, liked now and then to go into the sober, old-fashioned, monotonous respectability of Upper Vane-street for a change. And so little has this story of Marion Fumess had hitherto to do with the merely respect able, that Draycot Morland's occa sional liking for it sets up a temptation to escape for a while from worse company. It was the Sunday following his expedition to Marchgrave that, having nothing better to do, and preferring the conversation of even his maiden aunts to no talk at all, he strolled to Upper Vane-street, arriving at No. 18 about the time when the Miss Burdens would have finished their nap after their early dinner. He found them, as he expected, in the drawing-room. Aunt Grace, the elder and the bolder, was turning over an illustrated poper ; Aunt Charlotte was absorbed in a volume of sermons turned upside down. There could be no question about the warmth of his -welcome, for Sunday afternoon- in Upper Vane-street was anything but a lively time. The illustrated paper was laid care fully in its proper place ; Aunt Charlotte stopped midway in a yawn, turned it into a gracious Sunday smile, and rang for tea. 'I declare,' said young Morland, ' that coming here, to see you, is like going back to Marchgrave— you two always make one forget that there are such things as worry and whirL You almost inspire me to rehearse my first election speech upon you. No — you needn't be afraid. I mean to wake up Marchgrave ; and I wouldn't make any change here for all the seats in the Commons. You would like my newly-discovered city. Ifs a place after your own hearts— all Dean and Dignity. I mean to astonish that Dean.' 'For shame,' said Aunt Grace, with a severe voice but a kindly smile. 'What an idea — and on a Sunday, too ! Are they going to elect you ?' ' And when P' asked Charlotte. « Ton don't remember you great-uncle William. He was in the House, you know.' 'Well, I don't think they wiU. These aren't my great-uncle's days, when a man with brains could get into the House at 21, and be a Cabinet Minister before getting into his dotage. The march of reform has changed all that. Brains are no good against the local great man.' ' But you might get in,' Bald Aunt Charlotte reflectively. ** Your grqat* uncle did, and things run in the blood — gout, and baldness, and all sorts of things.' 'Nonsense, Charlotte,' said Aunt Grace. ' Parliament's quite a different thing, It?8 true -William- Burdon had gout; but a more -wonderful head of hair, for a man of 65, I never saw — and not a tooth that wasn't sound.' ' But it was turning grey,' replied Aunt Charlotte. 'Yes— I distinctly remember it was turning grey.' ' Nobody can expect to have every thing,' said Aunt Grace cheerfully. 'Ifs not so much getting into the House that signifies as what one does when one'* there.' 'True,' eaid Drayoot. 'And the Very best tiling to be doheis— nothing at all. I mean ta-go in for general obstruction. 'What the country wants is to have no snore Acts of Parlia ment for the next 30 yeans — except one.' - ' '. ?...;'- .????-???-??- ?? ????;? ' Ah, to abolish aU misery , I hope,' said Aunt Charlotte, Whose organ of benevolence was large^ ; 'and to oblige everybody to see the errors of their ways.' That's wanted, Fm sure.' ' Nonsense, Charlotte,' interposed her more practical aster, with decision. ' That's impossible. But there is one Act sadly wanted ; very badly indeed.' ' Mine,' Baid Draycot, '. ''would be a very short' Act in .-_ sane : clause— to repeal every other Act that has been passed since the Battle of Waterloo, j That would send the shams flying, |by JoVel But whafs yours f I'll pledge myself to propose it, if ifs half as good as mine. Aunt Charlotte's, I'm afraid, has the fault of being just a trifle large.' 'There ought to be a law,' said Aunt Grace impressively, ' that heavy carts oughtn't to be allowed in Upper Vane-street before people are called.' . 'Called?' ' Yes — in* the morning. Fm sure the noise they made before 7 yester day morning was. like an earthquake of Lisbon — enough to wake the dead, let alone a light sleeper like me.' ' And that's not so light as me,' said Aunt- Charlotte— jealous, as what well-regulated mind is not? of the reputation of the weasel 'It was No. 16.' 'The next house to your neighbor, the Ghosf s ?' asked Draycot, not very much impressed by the mere, fact that somebody in Upper Vane-street had been moving heavy goods at an early hour. 'I'm sure I'm the last person to heed my neighbors,' said Aunt Grace. 'I don't know them so much as by sight or by name. Indeed, there's nothing I so much despise. But ser vants are different 5 and when they insist on telling one things, one can't help hearing. And Willdn says, being disturbed. by the noise — and no wonder— he got up, and saw three men lifting heavy cases Into carts with his own eyes.' 'Heavy cases? Lucky fellows!' sighed the briefless barrister. But his jest missed fire. « It is Mr. Ward's,' said Aunt Charlotte. 'He is something in the City.' . « That is no reason,' objected Aunt Grace, 'why he should bring his busi ness here. There's a place for every thing — at least, there used to be when I was a girl. But -what with noble men keeping shops, and shopkeepers being made noblemen, things are being turned upside down.' ' But that isn't all,' said Aunt Charlotte. ' Wilkin says— ~ ' ' Nonsense, Charlotte. Wilkin is an excellent butler ; but he is credulous and imaginative to a degree.' ** Still, Grace, you must own ifs strange.' ** No, Charlotte, I can't possibly do that. If there are no such things, there's nothing strange in those sort of people having fancies ; if there are such things, we daren't call strange anything that Providence has thought fit to allow.' « What things?' asked Draycot. ?' WiIViti says,' said Aunt Grace, 'that he saw ? ' 'With his own eyes,' added Aunt Charlotte, ' as plainly as I see you n ' A figure ? ' ' All in white ? ' ' Pass behind the window——' 'The front drawing-room window n 'Of No. 17 ? ' 'Next door!' 'What — the actual tenant of the haunted dwelling?' asked Draycot. ' Lucky dog — that Wilkin. Fd give a good deal, if I had it, to see a ghost ; or to think Fd see one— it would be ell the same.' « Draycot,' cried Aunt Grace, ' what a horrible idea !' « Do you believe in ghosts, aunt?' 'Goodness! Nol' 'Then what can there be horrid in seeing an interesting freak of fancy?' 'I don't know. But it would be horrid, all the same. Just think how it would feel!' I have been thinking — often j and, as I can't think how it would feel, I want to know. So you actually live next door to a haunted house. Aunt Grace, Buch an opportunity ought not to be thrown away. To whom does the house ,belong? By Jove, now I come to think of it, there is something odd about letting a house stand empty — not letting it, I mean. I wonder what would happen if one ?were to ring the bell?' «Oh, don't, Draycot V* Don't do that, for the sake of goodness !' 'Why not?' u Suppose anybody eaw you — it would look so- — so— dissipated ? ' Draycot Morland was not particu larly, at any rate not exceptionally,, dissipated f but he had many of the qualities that would not be held to fit him for any steady employment that called for the conventional virtues. And one of these was to be inspired with ideas ? that seemed to frfo* the more humorous the less they were likely to seem so to other people. He saw develop before his mind's eye a whole comedy of the first order — how what he considered among the first items in his catalogue of ph»ir-', the ultra- respectability of Upper Vane street, might be gloriously astonished.; how Wilkin's commonplace legend of a white figure at a window might be vastly improved; and how— but there was no end to the vifltaof fancy. And, with him, impulse was deed— so long as it had not to be slept over.. Feeling in some danger of slumber if he stayed very much longer, he left without the sham -rf an excuse as soon as he was inclined, and while strolling with a cigar tound the square meditated on the means of entering an empty house without legal burg lary. Having failed to solve -the puzzle, he strolled bdek through Upper Vane-street for the sake of a cursory inspection of the premises, when on the steps of No. 16 hie recognised a figure he knew. ? /???:? 'Mr. Derwent?' he said, glad of an opportunity for gifing lite iaunted house a longer gaze. V ? . '. - ., ,-. ??;?, :.????' ? ? (to be coNTunnED.} , y ? 