Me* and ffeetcks. [all rights reserved.] 'THE DAY WILL COME.' By M. E. BRADDON. Author of ' Lady Audley'sSecret,' ' VI «n, « IshmaeU' ' Like and Unlike,' 'The Fatal Three,' *fcc Chaftkk XXL ' Upon a tone, A touch ol hen, his blood would ebb ud flow. And feds cheek change tempestuously . . But ibe in these food f eetinjnt h*d do shut? ; Ho sighs «He not * or him ; to her he was Eren si a brother— bat no more.' After that conversation with the house agent the idea that be hod found the cine to the Cheriton Chase mystery took root in Theodore Dilbrook's mind. Taking as his ?tarting-paint the notion of a deadly hatred wreaking itself in an indirect revenge, there teemed do more likely figure for the role of avenger than that of the wronged an J deserted husband. The one startling improbability in this view of the case was the long interval between the husband's appearance at Myrtle Cottage &nd; the date of the murder ; bat even this difficulty Theodore ar&s; able to account for upon the hypothesis of a gradual perver sion, a descent from vice to crime, us the man's nature hardened under the corrupting in fluence of a profligate life, while the old festering sore crew into a malignant canker* under the laah of misery . He had seen, in chat great seething cauldron of London life men whose -*rnfntpn*nr-»n bore the stamp of a degradation so profound that the most ferocious crime might seem the normal out come of their perverted natures. He could imagine how the trodden-down gentleman, ?teeped in drink, and embittered by the idea of wrongs which had been the natural conse quence of his own misconduct, had sunk step by step upon the ladder of vice, till he had arrived at the lowest deep of that abysmal world where the dreams of men are stained with blood, and darkened by the shadow of the hangman. He could imagine him brood ing over bu wrongs for long years, nursing his jealous wrath as the one surviving touch of nunlinen that remained to him — until some newspaper description of the Cheriton and ^Tfcfp'' cn a aI wedding, reminded him of the bitter contrast between bis own lot aod that at hi* rival, and, lashed into sudden fury, Tf- TPg whom lie murdered so loos as he could hurt die man he hated. The very fact that Mrs. Daover's husband had been described as a craven, made the idea of his guile more likely. Only a coward would have chosen, such, b. revenge ; only a coward could have stretched out his hand injured him. The crime was the crime of a coward or a madman ; and ?'his man, brutaiised by drink, may hare been both t*»'**to^ sod coward. Here at le&st; was a man closely associated with James Dalbrook^a life, and having good ?pjntft to bate Mr'. In the otter Hp-rbnpff* surrounding the murder of Godfrey C&nuich;⪙ this was the first flash of light. And having arrived at this point, Theodore Dtlbrook saw himaetf {ace to face with a new ?asd nemingly ip'HirTTiftn|'tiMA difficulty. To loQow this clue to the end, to bring the crime borne to the husband of Lord Cheriton'a cast off mistress, was to expose the history of the great nan's earlier years to the world at large, to offer up a reputation which had hitherto been stainleK as a rich, and Bavoury repast to that carrion brood — consisting of everybody — which loves to feast upon garbage. How the evening newspapers would revel and wallow in the details of such a story— what dennciatura*— wbat gloating over the weak ?em of a strong tnsn'B life; How the contents bill would bristle with appetising headings, how Che ftbriU-voiced newsboys would yell their startling particulars, their latest develop ments of the Cberiton Chase scandal. This must all inevitably follow upon the diacorezy of the murderer, if the murderer wen indeed the injured husband. There could be no possible escape from that glare -tf publicity, that swelling symphony of slander. From the moment the law laid its band upon the rriminal the case would pass beyond individual control, and individual interests and reputations would become as noaght Jastice would have to do its work, and in the doing of it must needs afford the usual fine opportunity to the newspapers. Theodore thought with horror of such humiliation fnining opon Lord Cheriton, and through him anon Jnanita, who loved her father with a reverential affection, and who was intensely proud of his character and position. He thought of gentle Ladv Cheriton, who adored her husband, and who doubtless would be made miserable by the knowledge that bis 4cst lore had been given to another woman, wbom be had loved veil enough to sacrifice honour (or the sate of that illicit love. What agony totfiat Bingle- minded, trusting creature to find thst daric spot upon her husband's pact, and to know that the daughter's happiness bad been blighted because of the father's sin. With these considerations in his mind it seemed to Theodore that it trould be better to halt on the very threshold of discovery ; and yet there was the appalling tho-ght of further possibilities in the way of crime — of a mad iman*! revenge carried a stage farther, a i mad man's pistol aimed at the defenceless mother or sleeping child. What was he to do ? Was there do alternative ttetween inaction and such action as must speedily set in motion the machinery of law, and thus deprive him of all free will in the future condact of the case ? Yea, there was an alternate course. LE he were once assured of the identity of the aiawrin, it might be in his power to lay hands upon him, and to place him under such cir ?comstances of control in the future as would ensure Juairit&'s safety, and render any further crime impossible. If be were mad, as Theo dore thought more than likely, he might be qnietly got into an asylum. If he were still master of his actions he might be got abroad, to the remotest colony in ihe Antipodes. The knowledge of his crime would be a hold over him, a lever which would remove him to the uttermost ends of the earth, if need were. This would be an illegal compromise* no doubt — unjustifiable in the eye of the law— but if it ensured Joauita's safety, and saved her father's character, the compromise was worth making. It was, indeed, the only way by which her security and her father's good name could be provided tor. To arrive at this result he had to find the man who had appeared in Mr. Adkins* office about fonr-and- twenty -years ago, and of whose subsequent existence he, Theodore, had no knowledge. 'I must begin at the other end,' he told himself. 'If that man was the murderer, he most have been seen in the neigbourhood. It is not possible that he could have coine to the place, aod watched a.od waited {or hU opportunity, aod £Ot cleax off after the deed was done without being seen by human eyes.' And yet there remained the fact that the local policeman and a London detective bad both failed in obtaining the faintest trace of a snopicioas-loolcing stranger, or indeed of any stranger, male of female, who had been observed in the neighbourhood of Cheriton before or after the murder ; there remained the fact that a large reward had been offered without resulting in one scrap of information bearing upon the subject. How could he bope, in the lace of these facts, to trace the move ments of a man whose personal appearance was unknown to him, and who had come and gone like a shadow ? ' I can but try, and I can but fail,' he told himself. ' Knowing what I now know, I cannot remain inactive. ** It may be that he bad caught something of the fiery eagerness which consumed Juanita, that in his ardent desire to be worthy of her regard, to waste his life in her service he had become, as it were, inoculated with the spirit of his mistress, and hoped as she hoped, and thought as she thought. With the beginning of the Long Vacation he went to Dorchester, but this time not alone. He took his friend Cuthbert Ramsay with him, as a visitor to the grave old house, in the grave old town. His sisters often made a. complaint against him that he never introduced on? of his college friends to them — that whereas the sisters of other University men were rich in the acquaintance ol Charlies and Algernons, and Freds and Toms, who were prodoceable at tennis parties and available foe picnica at the shortest notice, they were restricted to the youths of Dorchester and & horizon limited by the country houses of the immediate neigh bourhood. Remembering these reproaches, and seeing that his friend Ramsay was over worked and obviously panting for rest and country air, Theodore suggested that he should occupy the bachelor's room in CornhiU. as long as he could venture to stop away from hospitals and lectures and scientific investiga tions. 'You want a long fallow, Cuthhert,' he said, 'and you couldn't have a better lotus land than Dorchester. There's not an excite ment or a feverish sensation to be had within twenty miles, and then I really want to make yon known to my cousin, Lord Cheriton. He is a very clever man — an all-round man— and he would be interested in you and all that yon are doing.' ' I shall be proud of knowing him. And then there is yoar cousin. Lady Carmichael. I am deeply interested in her, without having ever seen her face, and when I do see her — — ' You will say she is one of the loveliest women you ever saw in your life, Cuthbert. I have no doubt of that. You will see her beauty under a cloud, for she is not one of those women who begin to get over the loss of account of the grief that separates her from all other women— even from her past self. I sometimes look at her and wonder if this Bad and silent woman ''f' be the Juanita I once knew : the tight-hearted, spontaneous girl, a buoyant, joyous creature, all impulse and caprice, fancy and imagination,' '? You may be sure that I shall admire her, and you may be sure I shall not forget that there is someone whose admiration has a deeper root than the lust of the eye and the fancy of the moment.' Theodore would not affect to misunderstand him. It was Dot possible that be could have talked of his cousin in the freedom of frieud 'riSdT11110111 havine re' ** to Uls 'My dear fellow,' he said, with a sigh, 'mine is a hopeless case. You will know that it is so when you Bee Juanita and me together. Her mother said to me on the first day of this year, ' If ever she comes to care for anybody it will be some new person ;' and I have not the least doubt that her mother was right. Her first love was her playfellow, the companion of her girlhood. A woman cannot have two snch loves. Her second attachment, if she ever makes one, will be of a totally different character.' ' Who knows, Theudore? A woman's heart is bo be measured by no plummet line that I know of ; it is subject to no scientific test ; we cannot say it shall give this or that result. It may remain cold as marble to a man through years of faithful devotion, and then, volcano, and hidden fires may leap out of that be the motto of inventors — and lovers.' Dorchester, and especially the old boose in ComhilL received Mr. Ranuay with open anas, Harrington was in the dejected state of a young man who has been rudely awakened from youth's sweetest delusion. Fooled and forsaken by Juliet Baldwin, he had told him self that aU women are liars, and was doing all in hia power to establish his reputation as & woman-hater. In this temper of mind he was not averse from hi* own sex, anl he welcomed his brother's friend with unaffected cortiiality, and was evidently cheered by the new life which Ramsay'B vivacity brought into the quiet atmosphere of home. The sisters were delighted to do honour to Ei scientific man, and were surprised, on attacking Mr. Ramsay at dinner with the ease and aplomb of confreres in modem science, to discover one or two things — either that he knew nothing, or that they knew very little. They were at first inclined to the former opinion, but it gradually dawned upoft them that their own much valued learn ing was of a purely elementary character, and that their facts were for the most part wrong. Chastened by this discovery, they allowed the conversation to drift into lighter channels, and never again tackled Mr. Ramsay either upon the broad and opeu subject of evolution, or the burning question of the cholera bacillus. They were even conteut to leave him to the enjoyment of his own views upon spontaneous generation and the movement of glaciers, instead of setting him right upon both subjects, us they had intended in the begin ninc of their a fni mi n ffl nee **He is remarkably handsome, but horribly dogmatic,' Sophia told her brother, 'and Fm afraid he l*elongs to the shouy, shallow school which has arisen since the death of Dartrin. He would hardly have dared to talk as be did at diuocr during Darwin's lifetime. ' ** Perhaps not, if l-axwin had been omni present.' ''Oh, there is a restraining influence in the very existence of such a man. He is a per petual court of appeal against arrogant smatterere-' ' X don't think you can call a man who took a first class in science a smatterer, Sophy. However, I'm sorry you don^t like my friend. ' ?* I like him well enough, but I am. not imposed upon by his dogmatism. ' The two young men drove to the Priory on the following day ; Theodore feeling paurfoUy eagef lo discover wbat change the last few months bad made in Juanita. She had been in Switzerland, with Lady Jane and the baby, living quietly in one of those little villages on the afcorea ot the lake of the Sorest cantons, which combine the picturesque and the dull in a remarkable degree — a mere cluster of chalets and cottages at the foot of the Rigi. facing the monotonous beauty of the hike and the csJ.m grandeur of snow-capped mountains^ whicb shut in that tranquil corner of the earth and shut ont all the busy world beyond it. Nowhere else had Juanita felt that deep Bense of seclusion, that feeling of being remote from aU the din and press of life. And novr she was again at the Priory. She bad settled down there in her new position, u widow and mother, a woman for whom all life's passionate story was over, who moat live henceforward for that new life growing day by day towards that distant age of passion and of sorrow through which she had. passed suddenly and briefly, crowding into a month the emotions of a lifetime. There are women who live to celebrate their golden wedding wfao in fifty years of wedlock nave not felt half her sum of love, and who In losing the companion of half a century have not felt half her sum of grief. It is the capacity for loving and suffering which differs, and weighed against that Time counts bat Uttle. She received her cousin with all her old frank friendliness. She was a Uttle more cheerful than when last they met, and he saw that the new interest of her life had done good. Lady Jane was at Swanagc, and Juanita was alone at the Priory, though not without the expectation of company a little later in the year, as the sisters and their husbands were to be with her before the first of October, so that the expense of pheasant breeding might not be altogether wasted, ' You must be here as much as you can id October, Theodore,' she said, 'and help me to support Mr. Grenville aod Mr. Morning side. One talks nothing but sport, and the other one insists upon teaching me the science of politics.' She received Cuthbert Ramsay withaserioug sweetness which charmed him. Yes, she was verily beautiful among women, exceptionally beaattf aL Those southern eyes shone st&rlike; in the settled pallor of her face, and her whole countenance was etherealised by thought and grief. It touched the stranger to see how she struggled to pat e-way the memory of her sorrow and to receive him with ail due hospitality— how she restrained her sell as she showed him the things that had heen a part of her dead husband's existence, and told him the story of the old house which had sheltered so many generations of Carmichaels, Lady Cberitou had been lunching at the Priory, where she came at least twice a week ttf watch her grandson's development in all those graces of mind and person w h icli marked his superiority to the average baby. She came all the ofteuer to the Priory because of the difficulty in getting Juanita to Cheri ton. ' My poof child will hardly come to see us,' she told Theodore, as they sauntered ott the lawu while Juanita was showing Mr. Ramsay the pictures in the dining-room. ** She pas an insurmountable horror of the house she was once ao fond of ; and I can't wonder at it, and I can't be angry with her. I have seen her suffering when she has been at Cheriton, so I don't worry her to come to U9 often. I piade a point of getting her there once in a way in the bope uf overcoming her horror of the place as time goes by ; and I have even gone out of my way to make changes in the furniture and decorations, so that the rooms ghonld not look exactly the same as they looked in Let fatal honeymoon ; but \ can see in her face that every corner of the house us haunted for her. Once when she h»d been calm and cheerful with me for a whole afternoon, walking about the garden and going from room to room, ahe flung her self into my *nnfi suddenly, sobbing pwuan Mdy. 'We were « happy, mother.' *be -aS 'go happy in this fatal bouse.' W*^ Sust bear with her, poorgiri. God has give* ? her a darfc lot.' . . . Iheodore tad seen aa anxious inqouiDg look in Juaoitt1* eye. from tbe beginnu^ of bis visit which told him «he wanted to qnearioo him, and he took the first opportnnity % f being Se with her. while I-dy Cbentoa entertained Mi. Ramsay with an exposition of the merits of her grandson. nncoMOOas of her praises, and slnmberinR in a hammockon tbe lawn, half smothered in embroidered covertos and softest draperies. 'Have yoa ioand out anything'' -« asked eagerly, as soon as they were oat of ear -shot. ?? Yes, I believe I have really come upon. ? clue, and that I may ultimately discover U»e murderer; but. I can teU you no details m yet-the whole thing is too vague. ' How clever of you ui succeed where the police have utterly failed. Oh, Theodore, you cannot imagine how I shall value you— bow deeply goneful ? ' ' 'Stop, JunnitA, for Heaven's sake donl. praise me. I may be chasing a Willo'the Wisp. 1 don't suppose that any experienced detective would take up such a due as lam going to £oUo«— only you have set me to do this thing, and it has become the business of my life to obey yoo. ' ' You are all that is good. Pray tell me everything you have discovered — however vague your ideas may be.' ' No, Juanita, I can tell yon nothing yet. You most trust me, dear. I am at heat only on the threshold oi a discovery, it may be long before I advance another step. Be con. tent to know that I am not idle.' She gave an impatitnt sigh. 'It is so bard to keep in the dark,' she said. '1 dream night after nieht timt 1 myself am on the track of his murderer — sometimes that I meet him face to face — oh, tbe hideous pallid face — tbe face of a man who has been hanged and brought to life again. It is always the same kind of face~the same dull livid hue — though itdifiersas to features, though the man is never the same. Yob cannot imagine the agony of those dreams. Theodore. Lay that ghost forme, if yon can. Make my life peaceful, thoagb it can never be -'Never it a long word, Kite. &a; the years go by your child's love will give life a new colour.' ' Yes, he is very dear. He ban crept into my heart, little, nestling, unconscious thing — knowing nothing of my love or my sorrow, and yet seeming to comfort me. I soawnmes think my darling's spirit looks out of those clear eyes. They seem so full of thonght: — of thought fax beyond hnman wisdom.' Theodore could see that the work of healing was being done, slowly bnt surely. The gracious influence of a new love was being exerciBed, and the frozen heart was revivinB; to life and warmth under the soft touch of those baby fingers. He saw his cousin wnile with something of the old brightness as she stood by while Cutfcbert Ramsay dandled tbe little lord ot Carmichael Priory in bis great strong arms, smiling down at the tiny pink face in a cloud of lace and muslin. 'Anyone can eee that Mr. Ramsay is fond of children,' said Lady Cheriton approvingly, as if a liking for infants just shon^coated were the noblest virtae of msjihood. 'Oh. I un fond enough of the little beggars,' answered Cuthbert, lightly. ' All the gutter brats about St. Thomas's knew me, and hug on to my coat tails as I go liy. I like to look at the chad's face -those old shrewd London faces especially — and speculate upon the life that lies before those younglings —the things those eyes are to see, tbe words those lips are to spesk. life is snch a tre mendous niyBtery, don't you know — one can never be tired of wondering about it. Bnt this fellow is going to be very happy, and a great man in the Und. He is going to belong to tbe new order, the order of rich who go throi.gh life shoulder to shoulder with the poor ; the redreeaors of wroug, the adjusters of social levels. ' 'I hope you are not a Socialist, Mr. Kamsay, said Lady Cherimn, with an alarmed ' Not much ; but I acknowledge that there are points where my idess touch the boundary hne of Socialism. I don't want impossibilities. I have no dream ot a day when there shall be no more millionaires, uo great patrons of art or great employers of labour, but only a dead level of , mall means and shabby dwelling, and sordid, colourless lievs. No, there must be butterflies as well as anbi— if it wen only that the ants may have something pretty to look at. What I should like to see is a stronger bond of friendship and sympathy between the two cU™es-a real knowledge and understanding of each other between rich and poor, and the twain demons Patron age and Sycophancy exorcised lor ever and The tea tables were brought out upon tbe lawu by this time; Sir (iodfrey Cannichael was earned off by his nurse ; and the two young men sat down with Lady Cheritao Mid her daughter under tbe tree beneath which Juanita and her husband had sat on that one blissful day which they had spent together at the Priory as ouui and wife. They seemed a very cheery and pleasaut quartette as they sat in the sultry afternoon atmosphere, with the level lawn and flower-beds stretching before them, tad tbe j;real belt of the old amber shutting out all the world beyond. Cuthbert Ramsay was the chief talker, till of animal spirits, launching the wildest para doxes, tbe most unorthodox opinions. The very sound of ai« strong full voice, tor very rim; of his buoyant laugh, were enough to banish gloomy thoughts and tad memories. Uuly Cheriton was delighted with this new acquaintance ; first because he n- dezteroas in handling a baby ; next on the score of general merits. She was not a deeply rod person, but she had a profound reipect for culture in other people ; and she had an idea that a actentafie sum ni a creature apart, belonging to » loftier world tW that which \--he ud her Wend, inhabited. Theodore hud told her of his friend's chinn to distinction, hia bald work in several citiei, and seeing this earnest worker boyilh and light-hearted, in terested in the mat frivoloas subjects, she M lot in wonder at hia condescension. She begged him to go to Cheriton with Theodore at the earliest opportunity, an invi tation which he accepted gladly. 'I have long wished to know Lord Cheri ton,'' he aaid. The two young men left soon after tea. Cnthbert's high spirits deserted him at the Priory Gates, and both men were thoughtful daring the homeward drive. ' Well, Cothbert, what do yon think of my cousin, now that yoo have seen her?' Theo dore asked when he had driven the first mile. 'I can only agree with yon, my dear fellow. She ua\ery lovely woman. I think there coirtd hardly be two opinions upop that 'And do you think— as I do— that it in hopeless for any man to spend his life in wor shipping her? Do yon think her heart is buried with her dead husband ?' 'Only as Proserpine was bnricd irith Plato. It is not in human nature for go yoang a woman to vox her weeds {or a lifetime. the hour of revival most come sooner or later. She has too bright and quick an in tellect to submit to the monotony o( an inconsolable sorrow. Her energy extends itBdf now in the desire to avenge her ho. hand's death. Failing in that, her restless spirit w31 seek some new outlet. She is beginning to be interested is her child. As that interest grow, with the child's growth, her horizon will widen. And then, and then, when she has discovered that life can still be beautiful, her heart will become accessible to a new love. The cure and the change, the awaken ing from death to life, may be blower than it is in most aucb cases, hecapw* tfaia woman is the«sse&ce; of sincerity, and all her feelings lie deep. Bat the awakening will coine — yoo may be sure of that. Wait for it, Theo dora, oant&i;& yaor sonl in patience.' « Fob can afford to be philosophical,' said his friend, with a sigh. ' Ton are not in love!' 'True, Theodore. JJo donbt that makes a difference.' 