NOTES OE THE DAY. (BY CUTIS.) Trade In spooks has been dull ln(nly, and one ral.hor expected a revival when Father Lo Rmincinl the president, of the Kydney Association of Spiritualists signed articles. In the issue, however, the Ihlng is disappointing. Unmanly calm ness pervades tho correspondence, no fur has flown, above all there is a lack of those breezy sperrit-yarns which make your hair rigid and your flesh goosey. Tho good Father and his Womerah-avenue backer put tho whole thing on to the devil. The president triumphantly pauses for a reply to his terrible question, "What 'animal force' can pass matter through maUer, as is a well- known fad," and shows in Piautus. Martial, and other old- fashioned authorities readied up in opposi tion the unconcern Huckleberry Finn ex hibited toward Moses on finding that he was dead. But we don't hear any cold facts about messages from the other side, about: mysterious handwritings, or foreign languages spoken from tho lips of unlettered Britishers. And yet there are sucli facts to be picked up here. This kind of thing Is made locally of a quality that simply courts opposition and denies competition. Tho Rochester knockings and the Cock- lane ghost arc small psychic potatoes com pared with an article of the saino kind — only frightfully more so — now being turn ed out In Sydney. I have heard from en thusiastic but averagely veracious citizens of a lady who makes awful demonstrations to select circles of the chosen, adulterated now and then with a little scepticism such as was 011 one occasion personified in Sir George Dibbs, who is proudly recorded as having received a tip — probably in the way of a policy, in which case it would bo a godsend — from a person since found to be decently dead. Tho medium, or whatever you call her, yields to tho influence in a semi-darkened room. Presently a Thing appears on tho floor — nebulous, formless at first, but swelling up gradually until, just as the spectator clicks a dry tongue against his palate and finds he can't say, "Police!" It becomes apparently a human being. Afterward It moves around, shakes hands in a fleshy, sociable way, writes a word or two, and gouernlly exhibits the characteristics of tho average person. At a recent lmlf-dark picnic It took a female shape, aiul was so excessively familiar with one man that he snipped off a lock of Its hair — and claims to havo it still. Having performed little tricks of this kind It peters out on the floor in the most grisly way. This is suffi ciently terrible, but the explanatory cir cumstances are even choicer. The medium, they say, gets very thin while the perform ance is on, shrivels up. and loses half her mind and bulk, which have gone to the making of the affair on the floor. With some trouble she is subsequently restored to her normal condition, but for a day or two afterwards goes about weak, and some what small for her clothes. A11 evening spent in this way with a party from the necropolis Is one of the permissible recrea tions of a free people, but it's a real pity that a healthy fiction should bo spoilt by tho ambition that prompts a psychist to throw in such damning details as locks of hair. The Arawa function on Saturday was one of those festive gatherings from which a few respectable persons generally swim home in cabs, joyously carolling snatches of convivial songs. But it must have been a gladsome sight to see the two little steamers hanging on to the great Canadian liner, their decks crowded with enthu siastic politicians and ladies, who piped up "Auhi Lang Syno" in different keys every time Mr. Suttor showed himself in between many cups of kindness. On tho way home one of the launches associated pleasure with business, and called on H.M.S. Cres cent. Now it seems that there is a rule forbidding strange craft to hoard a warship from the port or uear side. The launch either didn't know that or was festive to a forgetful degree, and she hauled up to the forbidden side, where a ladder with flags was pendent. Immediately the Crescent got nasty. A heavily-armed officer of the day gave it to bo understood that bis body was there tor tbo express purpose ot being walked over by. invaders ot ship etiquette, and tbo launch was mightily glad to sneak round to the off side, where various com mon peoplo jumped through a big port hole, and barked their shins in an alley way strewn with banjo-boxes aud other munitions ot war. But there was among them a Minister, whoso haughty spirit brooked 110 such degradation. IIo struck an attitude on tile launch's little bridge, and dared the fleet. " I'm a Minister of tbo Crown !" I10 cried; "I'm here by in vitation of tho Admiral ! and I'm not going to crawl through any porthole ! " The gallant lieutenant, brave man as he was and all, blenched for an instant, then gave conciliatory orders. In a trice the alley way was cleared, an officer with four or Ave gallant tars stood saluting at the port hole, while tho commander shouted " All clear now, sir;" and the Minister walked, as walked tho old guard which died, hut didn't surrender. These upstart naval officers havo to bo taught tho deference due to our big men. Giving the black man equal rights with tbo white one in respect of a never-dying soul to save and lit It for the sky, what have Queensland churchgoers to say about tho Rev. R. Lamb's indictment of the trade in kanakas, which is mostly carried on under tlieir approving auspices. Tho kanaka, fired by reports of a wonderful new world, where there are churches and hotels, and horse races, and other concomi tants ot a superior state of civilisation, bites eagerly at tho blackblrders' bait, and jumps oft to Queensland to see life. His vision in that respect Is limited, according to Mr. Lamb, because in the sweltering sugarfiolds lie dies at the rate of four to 0110 European, or catches white-man diseases which. If they don't kill him, loavo him a wreck at death's door. _ In the meantime his Mary takes other hus bands, and evils ensuo such as might he looked for in summer isles of Eden where Adams are scarce and quoted above par. Tho atolls are denuded of their young men, the process ot nation-making is hampered, and polygamy flourishes liko a green buy tree. Hitherto the justifying theory of the kanaka trader has been that the black hoy can do work under a semi- tropical sun that is Impossible to the European. But Mr. Lamb doesn't see it in that way. He says, on the contrary, that you can't ex pect a feeble black to survive what a strong white constitution cannot endure. And Mr. Lamb knows, for ho has regarded both classes of men with tho eyes of a doctor of medicine. Tho West is rising creditably to a sense of what Sir Henry Parkes calls "tho over whelming dignity of tho Postmaster- General." We have reports dally of wild enthusiasm at Walgett, of hanquots at Browarriua, ot townspeople and brass hands turning out I11 buggies and 011 horses to escort Mr. Ktdd nlong tho dusty roads that lead to the principal pub., and of a generally effusive boom, not uncon nected with the fact that Mr. Willis Is acting as advance agent for a triumphal progress through his constituency. Mr. Kldd, also, Is showing equality to the situation, and bis speeches exhibit a pre cocious and unsuspected familiarity with current politics. I11 Narrabrl he was sagely silent, remembering that the dis trict had been worked by Mr. Barton. Mr. Rcld, and other experienced hands. Ho just received a deputation or two, visited tho hospital, gaol, post-office, asylum, and sucli liko representative institutions. Fairly out on the confines of civilisation, however, he has gotten In somo bravo ora torical work, grappling manfully with loan expenditure, financial facts, and light railways, explaining about stocks and rents, and giving points In lamb-produc- I tion. As a well-meaning propagator of ancient historv Mr. Kidil has a unique place in (lie Parliament. 