Rosebill Hems, The Bosehill November meeting opened, auspiciously on Friday (Prince of Wales' Birthday.) The course was in splendid order, and reflected ofed;' en these in charge. The flower-beds and rose-bushes were in full bloom, which, combined with' the stretoh of verdure, made things pleasant for the eye, hut the overpowering heat counteracted this pleasantness. The atten dance -waa a very large one, a circum stance which put Secretary O'Mara on the very best terms with himself and the world in general. The stewards questioned the running of Peacock in the Granville StakeB, and after inquiry suspended hie rider — Bert Fielder — for three months for suspicious riding , a rather funny decision. Peacock was once the property of Tom Payten, who gave him away to a friend — a nuccr pra-ent to a friend. Fielder swapped a hj.oi: jiu In- nave the magnificent stun of £3 fur Bunco. . W'ioh is evidence that Peacock's late owums weren't too ' shook' on him. Mount Royal, Latum, and Elton were the public picks for the G.anville Stakes, whilst Aigret was well backed by a select few who know more than the general public. Aigret it will be remembered started* a red hot favorite in a race of this description, only in a worse field, at Warwick Farm last week, hut failed to get in the first three. Though Forrester's mare ran much better on Friday she was incapable of lowering Elton and Shipmate's celors, and theBe two ran a fine rSfee, the former winning by half a head, thanks to Ellis' vigorous r' line. Marshal Ney won the Princes' ai..u i.eap -'liuiwhnt easily from Enid and Gleuuliiu, uud 'i'liu Mai hue ran a good race as did Venice. It will be remembered tbat these three finished in front of Comet at the ' Farm ' last week, when the running of the latter was questioned by the stewards. On Friday another rider was found for Comet, and his connexions backed him ence more, only to see the Warwick Farm running corroborated, as tbe three were in front of him again. * » ? The Stewards Mile proved a soft thing for old Huge, who has come on wonderfully duringthe last eight weeks. When Giltinan got the horee in from the country, three months ago, he looked like a fit candidate for the Zoo, but Giltinan persevered with the old fellow till he got him as well as it is possible to get a horse. The Birthday Handicap was a peculiar race. At one time Machinist must have been leading at least 80 ' yards, but nothing would go out after him until the five-furlong post was reached, when Theophilus and Ballatcr began to reduce the ?' selling plater's ' lead, but young Gook on Triton kept his place, about fourth, until the others ran the leaders down, and then he swooped down on them, beating them easily- It is a long time since I have seen a light-weight ride each a good race, and 1 have no hesitation in prophesying a'great future for the boy, who only weighs about 5st 71b. This is the third race Triton has won since Mr. Kelso bought him for a song. The Queens landers always maintained that Triton hadn't showed his true form in his earlier efforts, when he was trained by Kelly Maitland, who bad great hopes ef winning a good race with the son of Trident Theophilus carried a lot of Newcastle money, the punters from the coaly city being on to a man, and woman, too. Though the' eon of Sweet William ran a game race, he hadn't 8 ghost of a shew with Kelso's borse, bat Theophilus looked big and lusty, and may improve about midsummer. The Welter 'Mile wound up an excellent after noon's Bport, which was only marred by the tropical beat Rosstellan, on his last week's showing, was elected favorite, which position he held until the followers of .HDrolite dumped their money down on the Gien Innes horse, and sent him out as good a favorite as old ' Boss,' who was never dangerous. JKrolite appeared in great trouble at the turn, and though be finished fast and well be had no chance with Killarney, an inmate af Giltinan's stable. This race brought the fielders level with the punters, who had had matters pretty much their own way up till the last race. 