OCEAN "YARNS. THE HAUNTED SHIP- A Cry of "Stand from Under!" Tha Three Sailors Who Made an Unholy Compact— The Evil Ono Outwitted at Sea. Tho Erst of tho yarns liuro set out was told on shipboard by a tar of the namo of King, who snid that once on a timo he "shipped on ilia good ship Josio Gunby from New York to Valparaiso. She was laden with xankeo notions, and had lair weather all the way, but the "goings on" on that vessel were something awful, according to King. Tho first- thing of a mysterious nature that happened was known to King only, and consisted of the hell ringing itself just as King was about to sound "eight bells." King was frightened, of course, but ho couldn't get anyone to beliove his Btory. In fact, tiiu boys guyed him un- mocifully. A fortnight later, however, they ail saw something terrible, and the fi rat mate lost his life. The story in detail, iu the tar's own words and presented by the Atlanta Constitution, runs as follows " It was near the line. Thu sea was as smooth as a duck pond, Kvery rag o' canvas was set, but tnero was hardly enough wind to keep thein from flapping. All on a sudden, just as I wnB passing under tho mainyard, somobody up aloft sang out, 'On dock there, stand ftoin under II Tho second mute hud thu watch and asked mo who that was aloft. I told him I did not know, and he sent mo up to see about it. I went, think ing some of tho boys was putting up a job on mc, and had gone alolt to get up anotner ghost story. Up I went to the maintop, but I could find nobody. I came down tho ratlines four at a time. How I ever got down without falling is more'n I can tell, 'cause I was that skeered I couldn't stop to think how I dun it. Wo woke tho watch. The second mate and everybody (mo ex cepted, for one trip was enough) went aloft to see about it, and they didn't fiud nothing either. That kinder put them a-thinkiug, causo tha mate swore he heard the same thing 1 did. Well, all next any both watenes wore cussing and discussing that sing oat aloft, and the next night tho port watch woro laying for something too. Just ex actly at tho same time o' night that same tiling sung out, 'On deck there, stand from under!' They searched aloft, but found no more'n what we did. That thing happenod every night at the same time lor nigh two weeks. By-and-bye the first mate, a lug, uouule-jointcu bwede, said ha would find out about what it was or join the voonies trying. So the next night, just at the right time, all the watch were huddled together under the break o' the poop a- listening, and tlio s&ine; lonesome, skeery voice suug out, "On deck thoro, stand from under I" The men were too skeered to breathe hard, and that first mate was mighty nigh as bad, but ho kinder squared himself and roared out as loud as he could bawl, " Lot go, you son of a sea cook, let go. Come down on deck, yon lubber, and oxer. ei3o your lungs !" " Mates, I'm not given to lying, as yon ail know, nnd I ain't going to lie now, but so help my rheumatic bones if that thing didn't let go, and I thought that every spar on the mainmast had curried away at one time. Rattlety — bang— whis — whoop- ami there struck on deck right side of that lirBt mato a coffin just his size. Wc ran ap to him just in time to see the coffin scoop him in and jump right over the side, first mate and all, nor did we ever get sight of them again. There weren't no more ghosts on that trip though." When King had finished this story tiicro was general incredulity, and another sailor namoti Bodnarsky was asked for a yarn. Ho told of three sailors (brothers) who wero left WiliiouT'mdney in London. "One morning," said Bodnarsky, "all of them were strolling down the street arm iu arm wishing for a few cents to got an eye- opener, having swollen heads from previous rapid existence. 1 hey came upon a nicely dressed man of middle age who accosted them, and after be had learned of their condition told them ho was the devil, and that he could and would supply them ali the money they wanted under ono condi tion, which he explained as follows : " ' You may have all the money you can possibly dispose of. l'ut your hand in your pocket as often as you like for nny umount, and it will always be there. At the end of tiirce yours, however, I demand your soul ; but even then if any one of you can wish .ine to do anything which I cauuot perform you shall be spared.' " It was agreed to by each one, and imme diately they were abounding in wealth. Shall I describe how that thros years was spent 1 No, but suffice it to say that every possible luxury thut money could obtain was indulgod in. The three years flew by like a singla day. The donor kept a strict account, however, and upon the proper day he called on the three brothers for an ac counting. Tho first asked for the creation of a full-riggod ship, mid was gratified. The second asked that his massive mansion ho annihilated in 30 seconds, and this was done. " Both of them lost their souls, of course. " Tlio third and youngest brother still held lo his roaming lifo upon the sea, and at thu expiration of the third year was on a 'pleasure trip iu a magnificent yacht far ont at sea. He wus uot out of reach of the evil one, however, and was called upon to wisli and die. He called the crew ou deck, aud had a pump rigged amidships, with the suction pipe over ono Bide of the vessel and tho discharge pipe over the other, and de manded thu devil to pump all tho water from one side of the ship over to the other side. The liovil looked puzzled, scratched his head and vanished— outwitted. "That man is still sailing in his yacht, enjoying the immenso wealth he got tbrougii the evil spirit." About that time the officer of the deck appearud and passed the word, "Stand by your hammocks," and all bauds adjourned sine die. A lawyer has told tho London correspon dent of tho Sheffield TjruiaitAPii a story of au incident in real lifo that csir.e under his professional obscrvaiLn, A gentleman of some fortune died, leaving behind him fivo daughters and a son. Tho son was in a Roman Catholic school in France. When the widow desired to have him homo with hor the priC3lB connected with the school would not let him leave. The estate was in Chancery, aud the court vainly endeavored to exercise its own authority. But tho court could uot exercise jurisdiction in a foreign realm. It couid not even serve attachments. The priests would not bring their young disciple within British iuiiadic- tion lest they should lose their hold of him, Their idea wub to stick to the boy, and by- and-bye his wealth would stick to them. III short, nothing could be done. . It so hap pened that one of the daughters and also tho son suffered from an affection of tho ear. Tho mother brought the daughter up to London to consult a specialist. Fortunately, the specialist she had fixed on was from home, and she was recommended to another. Thither she wont, and in thu waiting-room the first porson slio clapped eyes on was her own son in charge of a priest, waiting his turn fur consultation. Need I say that the lawyers woro communicated with, the neces sary process was served, and the mother recovered her son und the court its jurisdic tion i It came about by the merest accident, 'l'ho "holy fathers "decided lo remove their pupil from Franco to Belgium. Whilo they were travelling they thought it worth while to take tho boy over to London to have advice about his car. Knowing that the mother lived a great distance from Londou; they rsvsr expected to meet her there. 