MEDITATION ON MARRIAGE. My uncle had been hectic all day. I knew and dreaded what was coming, and said nothing that by any chance' could lead up to it. He absent-mindedly tipped the emu six-. pence. Then we came to the wart-hog. "A bachelor," he said, meditatively, scratching the brate'a back. I hastily felt foe a saving topic in the apprehensive darkness of my mind, and could find none. "I expect I shall be married in October," said my uncle. Then sigllng: "The idylof my engagement was short-lived.". It was out. Now, the day-my last idle day with my poor uncle-was a hideous wreck. All the topics he had fluttered round vanished, and cold and awful there loomed over us the one greattopio. " What do you think of marriage, George ?" said my uncle, after a pause, prod ding the wart-hog suddenly. "That's your privilege," said I. " Mar ried men don't dare to think of it. Bigamy!" "Privilege! Is it such a headlong wreck of one's ideals as they say!" said my uncle. " Is that dreamland furniture really so un. stable in use!" " Of course," said I, " it's different from what one expects. But it seems to be worse for the other party. At least to judge from the novels they engender in their agony." " So far as I can see," he proceeded, " what happens is very similar to a thing a scientific chap was explaining to me the other day. - There --are-esome little beasts in the sea called asci dians, and they begin life as cheerful little tadpole things, with waggling tails and big expressive eyes- Theymove freely about hither and thither, and often travel vast dis tances in an adventurous way. Then what he called metamorphosis begins. The little tadpole waggles his way to a rock and fixes himself head downward. Then he under. goes the oddest changes, becomes indeed a mere vegetative excrescence on the stone, secretes a lot of tough muck round himself, and is altogether lost to free oceanic society. He loses the cheerful tail, loses most of his brain, loses his bright expressive eye." " The bother of it," raid I, " is that very often the wandering expressive eye is not lost in the human metamorphosis." " Putting it in another way, one might say that the kind of story that Ovid is so fond of describing-the afairs of Daphne and Iso, for instance-are fables of the same thing: an interlude of sen' timent and then a change into something new and domesticated, rooted, fixed andbounded In." "It is certainly always a settling down," saidI. "I don't like this.idea of settling down, George." He shuddered. " It must be a dreadful thing to go about with a house on your mind." " Youget used to it. And, besides, you don't go about so much." He gavethe bachelor wart-hog a parting dig, and we walked slowly and silently through the zebra- house towards the ele. phants. " Of course we do not intend to settle down," he msaid presently, withaelumay efforttorender his previous remarks imper. sonal. " A marriage invalidates all promises," I explained. "The law recognises this in the case of wills." "That's a new view," he said, evidently uncomfortable about something. "It follows from your doctrine of meta. morphosis. A marries B. Then the great change begins. A gradually alters into a new fixed form-C-while B flattens and broadens out as D. It is a different couple, an they cannot.rgaonabl------- aibl for the vagaries o -A and B." "That ought to be better understood." "It would perhaps be as we'l. Before marriage Edwin vows to devote his life to Angelina, and Angelina vows she will devote her life to Edwin. After marriage this leads to confusion if they continue to believe such promises. Marriage certainly has that odd eflect on the memory. You remember Ange lina's promises and forget your own, and vice versa." "There is nothing more distressing than the ghost of a dead promise," said my uncle. " especially when it is raised in the house of your friends." We passed through the elephant-house in silence. " I wonder what kind of man I shall be after the change, George. It's all a toss-up," he continued, after an interval. " I have seen somq men improved by it. You, for in stance. You were a mere useless, in decent aspirant to genius before the thing came upon you. Now you are a re spectable journalist, and gracefully anxious to give satisfaction to your editor. But my own impression is that a man has to be a bit of an ass before he can be improved by marriage. Most menget somercenary, and they simply work and go about doingnothing arational creatureshould. They are like the male ante that shed their wings after the nuptial flight. And their wives go about talk ing fashion-articles, and calling them dear old stupids, and flirting over teacups with the unmarriedmen, or writing novelettes about the child-man, and living their own lives. Every intelligent woman now seems to want to live her own life when she is not engaged in taking the child-man out into society, and trying to wean him from alcohol and tobacco. However, this scarcely applies to me." "Notnow," I said. And he winced. "I wonder how it feels. Most men go into this withont knowing of the change that hangs over them. ButI am older. It would not be nice for a caterpillar if he knew he was going to rip up all along his back in a minute or so. Yet I could sympathise with such a caterpillar now. Shall we go to the insect-housesP "Anyhow, George, Ihope the changewill be complete. I would not like to undergo only a partial metamorphosis, and become a queer speckled monster all spotted with baohelor habits. YetI sometimes think lIam beyond the adolescent stage, and my habite rather deeply rooted. Hitherto I have always damned a little at braces, and collars, and things like that I wish Iknew where one could pick up a few admissible expletives. And I lot about London all day, sometimes without any very clear idea of what I am after, telling chaps in studios how to paint, and talking to leisurely barristers, andall that kind of'thiag." " She,"Isaid," will probably help you to conquer habits of that sort." Yes, Idare say she will," said my uncle. " Iforgot thatfor the minute."-" Pall Mall Budget." 