;' YARRAGON, -4--e (Frluo on, owk CO.LeoPONDEl.\\) We are hain grand weather for the growth of pastures, Which aireadr present a luxuriant appearance, s. ing plainly that Spring is with us ows Thytu100 tons per acre rainfall wrhich you elaim has already fell In thi dis. trict 'within the year, left our rodi for a time very boggy, and tre our rounding land very wet. Such a eav rainfall hurd not the revivinis efect producing that genial smile of "llhp? and cheerfulness" such as 'lr. Catr and otlier members of the late irner try did. so much to inculcate w"lili.l office, indeed, it had an entirely elpp site effect =made us sigh for better weasther.and better things generally simply, I presume, because we hadll· ;the big ,' screw" Premier 1' t 'hiseolleagues had to keep their i api ifromui fallin'g below zero duri,g tle chilly ?intry se'iion, Our village 'settlers are fast coatij, to the front ,in public matters here, I think I mentioned in a provi letter to your journal that thesesettle? embraced considerable dramatic alei musical ability' 'within themselrs, which thiey have dccided to put toa good iaccount by organising a min,-trd troupe, 'and giving performances f, :furthering.the funds of the troupe re tle iinitial expsenses, and assistin: themselves by meeting cost of rechlica ing their settlement blocks, which, in most cases, are heavily timbcrdo that should any profits be realij from the proposed entertainments, it will form a welcome moiety toward the .funds of this young agrieultur., community.,?, I have to recerd a sad accident that befel;thos eldest son of )lr. all a?id Mr.I`. illson, of Trafalgar, ori day last week. It appears the young lad had been sent to catch a horse i:i paddock near by, and he must ha;: been in some way kicked by the auima, for he was shortly afterwards foun? with' his neck broken in a part of t!~ paddock quite dead. The parents wele residents of Yarragon for some time prior:to their. leaving for Trafalgar, aind were held in very high esteem by their, many friends here, so that the news of the accident created quite a feeling of deep sympathy at tarragon for Mr. and Mrs. James Ililsonaintheir sad bereavement. . The Parliamentary elections pao-cl over, very peacably here, and it wea not until nearing the day of election 'that any great interest was manifested in either candidate. It was the general opinion with many that Mr. Wlhitky would have polled a greater numbh.r o votes- than recorded on the day of voting, :'nd that matters would be made wavrm for Mr. Turner, bu? a rumor having gained currency that one of the candidlates was largely in. terested in the New South Wales coil mines, &c.;, caused electors to put th? break hard down. and go for Turner. ,Well, let us hope the colony will ar?; recover somewhat from the geerc.d depression at present existing, al.i with a partially newly-elected Hlous of representatives matters will brighteu. What we need in 'Parliament just os are. earnest, patriotic statesnlen-lt!en who will work en masse for the coucn try's advancement, and in the cords of. a.loet-" Is there a thought tbht calli ill the hunmia mind more pure, more vast, more generous, imore re fined than that which guides th o?e lighteiined patriot's toil." . In the past we have had more than enough of the oflice-seeking politician, he. the financial " blizzard" that lie? fallen upon our colony of late ,Cars, points to the fact that we most looet more seriously to our interests, and ao far as within our power return o~es with capacity for the work they hae to perform-legislators who will .ce? to advance our credit as a young nation, by collecting the fragments that.have been scattered, as it were, hiulier anid thither by every passi;; wind'storm, and rebuild upon a much sounder basis. Shire Council matters since the annual elections have been serenely calm. It was thought that thcfirt meeting after the election might prove a stormay one, but wise counsels orec vailed and the threatened storms passed quickly over, giving place is occasional glimpses of sunesiio during the deliberations of the meeting. hi course the "ashes" of Clarke'srtoi weti exhumed, a post-mortem icell, and the remains again interred, butsi such a serious, mournfuil mauunner as to give one a touch of the "miserabes," not-reven' avorse of "Old John Uro0a lies mouldering in his grave," b~; iiifj 'oih theohventful occasion' ruimored 'abroad that should the balance of power become inverted, a certain road might, like "llale't Ghost" again wallk 'this earth in the spirit, or maybe the flesh, and tht Allambee's valleys would echo with that favorite Scotch soeng "The Camp bell's are coming, oh dear !" Per?ai the wish is only father to the thoughl, VWho bets it aint ? Our creamery will soon - e Isorki,, daily nuow. Thie unilk supply is loSs increasing, and the scasoe:, t:..li altogether, promises to be a fairlygcl one, added to this the liabilities il1cae" nection with the building of the hc tories, creamery, &c.;, will shortll I C cleared oli, and with the calls pshell!slt suppliers may expect largerprotour. come in their direction tluhan hereo? We have a eucalyptus factory ii the swinug a few miles from eri ee direction, of Shady Creck, and fld of our youths hiave found emplnp:ise in the felling of timbear and lJfpickhsi tile lttcer being paid for at so ii?Pu i' tauk. This means the extensii local industrics anywny. 