THE REDEMPTORIST MISSION. The mission for men was continued in St. Kilian's church last evening. The Rev. Father hunt prenched in the evening from Luke, 11th chapter, 10th verse: "He that aekotb rocoiveth.” Daring the week the preacher explained the. existence and the eternity of hell, and the principal gates or I roads had also been pointed oat. Be pro* I posed now to set them to consider a more agreeable subject, viz., prayer. Dy prayer wo arc enabled ~lb avoid every kind of sin that would bring us to bell. Prayer is necessary, and without it wo cannot bo saved,. Those who are now in beavou are there ' because tboy prayed, and those who are now in hell arc there because they would not pray. ' j Thoy may have sinned | merely through their human weakness,through | their evil passions, and . through bad com* ' pinions, If they wore weak it was because they did not have, the grace of God, and if they bad not the grace of God it was beoansa they did not pray. It is an article of our faith that we of ourselves cannot work, but our salvation. .Wo cannot- even conceive a good Iboughc without God’s help. He him* self tolls us “ Without me ye osn do nothing) ” But the same God also promises that what* soever we stand .'in need of we can ob tain. Prayer makes us . omnipotent, like God Himself to a certain extent; If we wish to savo our souls we must keep God’s corn* mandmonts, but wo cannot keep them, we cannot observe thorn' without the grace of God, and that grace we can only, obtain by. prayer. Bat, someone may ask, does hot God know ovorything, and does be not know what wo Island in need of?. Yds, that is true. But iHo will have us ask (or what wo want. He will bayo us show our dependence on Him. God treats us like the Spartans of old,treated their children, in order to make them strong, enduring warriors. They put their meals oa the end of a long pole, and whatever the child could bring down with a bow and arrow hb could keep. In the same way whatever grace we. can get from God we can keep. The sinner who prays is like the lost sheep who bloats. ' While ho bleat* there is hope of. tbo shepherd finding it. While the sinner prays there is hope, hut as soon as the wolf gets him by the throat all is practically lost. While he prays for the grace of God there is always hope of it de scending, for u on what day soever the sinner may dal! upon Me I will bear him.” We read of the conversion of many sinners, bub never without prayer. Prayer is necessary for the just and holy as well as for the sinner, for it is our spiritual sword, and life on earth is a spiritual warfare against the world, the flesh, and the devil. ,W6 have many temptations to overcome, many battles to fight, and many a victory to . win, and yre have reason to (ear for our perseverance to the ond. Quo of tbo apostles tolls ua to 'work out our salvation in fear and trembling. As the soldier always keeps his sword at b?a aide, though he does nob use it all tbo . time, so wo should have our spiritual sword ready awaiting the enemy. Wo have our passions to subdue, our weak natures to fight against, and our evil iuolinalions to contend with, and at the least approach of temptation wo should have recourse to prayer. ' If we wish to bo just, let us ask that grace from God in prayer. IE wo want to ho temperate, let us pray bo God (p.r strength, dud ho will. assist us. Ho is hound to do so, for He has promised. If we want to avoid nursing and blaspheming, if we want to gain a victory or root out some par ticular vioo or habit, lob us pray and our prayer will bo granted. There is no excuse for sin, It is brought about simply booauso we will not have recourse to God. Wo must pray from the heart and persovero in prayer. If we want to save our souls we must pray { pray | pray I He trombled for the anco of many.for os tbo Holy Ghost says,, “Tbo spirit is wUli«g> hilt the flesh is weak.”' How many will forget their good resolutions; and be guilty of some of their old sius, Who will they~.be? The men Who will not pray, will hot say his .morning and night prayers and will nob pray, especially when tempted. Who will bo faithful 16 .His good promises and good resolutions and preserve God’s graoo to tbo end of his life.— That is the man who will pray. Let them imprint these words in their hearts “if they.' prayed to God they oould obtain a)j thq grace* they stood in noed of.” : : - After tho. sermon His Lordship Bishop Reviilo, assisted by the Revs. Fathers Rooney, Moore, and I Carroll, administered the sacra monl of confirmation, tci about 70 men and 10 women. MrMcAtamanoy stood sponsor (or the men and Mrs Gibbs for tbo women. After tho ceremony 'His Lordship addressed the confirmees, and exhorted them,, to ha ever faithful to the obligations they had just taken on their shoulders. Tboy should ever ho true to their faith ; attend mass; say their morning and night prayers regularly; diligently observe the days of fast and abstinence, and frequent the sao t rw»ehta. ~ .Ta-.n|ght there will- bo a - oonseeraHon service to tho Blessed Virgin, and e special, altar is being erected for the oooasiou.. The ceremonial which always, attends sueh ser yices in the church will)be on a grand 