Crumb*. loe. Hot. Bijou. Bath*. Scorcher. Coercion. Cyclorama. Pantomime. High honour. Silver, 2*. 7£d. Cirous—last night. New Year honours. What, oh, MaoDnff? Loyalty at fever heat. Legislation by "bluff." Many death* from fires. Splendid pionio weather. New Australians'justioe. Holidays over—now work. Apostolio blow* and knocks. Grandma must be consulted. Sir Jenkin Coles, K.C.M.G. Continentals to-morrow night. Last three nights of the Fiske. Perfect weather for har vetting. J. Darling carried out hi* bat for 63. Macs wrathful with Sir Robert Duff.„ Barometer atl o'olock to-day, 29-6tr Rev. F. Hastings leaving u* on Friday. Weather favouring Mr. Bas*£'a venture. Barradter* annoying the aoul of George. Napoleon'a Ghost is wonderfully like him. Highland blood at boiling point in Sydney. Perhaps Sir Robert's kilt* were in the wash. Great orowd at the National Park yesterday. Over 2,500 perton* at last night's Continental*. Waterloo more weird and fascinating than Port Elliot's Huney exeroised over titles again. The ohief Baker oan afford to wait a bit longer. Napoleon haunting the field of hit graatttt defeat. A roar of satisfaction when Giffen was olean bowled. The next British cruiser is to (team 24 knot* an hoar. Knighthood gratefully acoepted by our Speaker. South Australia first innings against Victoria, 273. Espionage and boycotting foretold of Na Australia. Sir R. W. Duff offending the hot-fa Hielanden. How these Royal personages must pray i be let alone. Sir Robert will get sympathy from many Lowlanders. Pans determined to root out Anarahbm aa a vile plague. Gladstone eighty-four years of age on' Deoember 29. Jury in Age libel action tossed hsre and there with doubts. A lineal descendant of the immortal Bobbie in South Australia. Rev. O. Copland will preach twice at North Adelaide next Sunday. Cecil Rhodes indignant with the Radical "faddists" of England. Adelaide's Scotchmen in raptures of delight; Sydney's all indignation. One water tap at Henley Beach jetty on publio holidays is not sufficient. Of the 51,000 breweries estimated to be in the world 26,000 are in Germany. George Giffen haviug a bad time at tin hands of the Melbourne larrikin*. Mr. Kingston would shine to more advantage in a South American Republic. From police trooper to a full-blown Knight —not bad for a man still in his prime. f Perhaps the Duke of York ia afraid ha should be killed by kindness out here. ' Sun rose at 4 52 a.m., eeta at 7.16 * p.w. Moon rose at 0.33 a.m., sets at 2*12 p.m. Many picnickers would have liked to bave > shaken hands with Mr. Goooh yesterday.. A loyal and hearty welcome promised their Royal Highnesses, if they will only'oome. The National Park is a grand pi act for picnics now; some exoellent conveniences. Meeting at Norwood on Friday night to •anciaon special rate to pay for Town Hall, North Adelaide Co&gregationilista; have secured Rev. C. Manthorpe for three months. - One of President Cleveland's Chmtma* gift* was an infernal machine, fie didn't take it. How brimming over with ' delight the Lieutenant- Governor would be to entertain Royalty. ' Half a week'a work and half a week'* idleness cannot bring satisfaction to any industrious man. Before studying the New Australian soheme it is well to leain as much as possible about human nature. Mr*. A. V. BurnB Scott, of Adelaide, - aaid to be the great- granddaughter of Sootia'a greatest poet. Doctrine of equality not strictly adopted ' ia the distribution of work among the Hoyal Tar's passengers. G. H. Huseey" suggests that the husband of a female Mayor should be atyled Mayoress • or Mereass. Smart. • Sir Samuel W. Baker, the great African traveller, gone to explore the land from whWh there is no return ; aged 73. SirR. W. Duff has committed the unpardonable sin of staying away from the Highlanders' annual meeting. Poor man., The greatest national institution in Australia \- '—The Highland Society of New South Wales, if we'll only believe it. Hon. J. L. Parson* ehows plainly that the Northern Territory must be developed by coloured labour or remain idle. New Australians are not permitted to have a, little nest egg to pay their expenses home again if they become disillusioned. The voice of the "great majority", i* vox Dei. That's New Australian communism, when Mr. W. Lane hat perfected it. There is living in Dunedin, New Zealand, a grandson of Gilbert Burns, a son of the late Dr. Barns, of Dunedin, brother of tbe poet. Whatever Giffen's faults as a member of the Australian Eleven may have been he was at any rate man enough to own np to them.". The Premier will like this—"There am so many week-kneed publio men that oontact with a determined one is rather refreshing.™ The National Park Commissioners would confer a great boon on picnickers if they., would lend out tea and coffee urns and erookery. " Moral law would have a very bad time if the administration of the Statute law were to be affected by the caprice ot a legislative majority." The Crumbman advises the Duke and Duchess to come as soon as possible, if granny is not cross about parting with them for a little while. Husband—"That fence wants painting badly. I think I'll do it myself." Wife— 4 Yes, do it yourself if you think it wanta to be done badly." Prizes amounting to £>,000 have been offered by the Indian Government for the best specimen of cart suitable for military requirements in that country. A man who voluntarily withdrew from New Australia was fined £8, while two who were ejected on account of drunkenness got all their money ba-.-k. " It has long been e vident that the Kingston Cabinet represents generally a one-man Ministry." Charley affects to dislike this being said, though. The German Emperor has ordered tbe police to oloee for the time being any thoroughfare in whioh he and the Empress may happen to be shopping or visiting. ' The pinch of poverty is upon the wh6!e of the coal- mining districts of New South Wales, and many fair.ilies are declared to be on the borders of actual starvation. At the New Zealand elections a notioe wae posted at the booth* intimating " that "the ladies at the door were quite prepared' to ' hold the baby' while the mother went ir. to record her vote." The life of a sailor is becoming every y s *r safer with the improvement* in the construction of vessels. Twelve year* «go une sailor in every 106 who went to sea lost h'.s life; now only one in 256 l* lost. 