NOTES AND COMMENTS. THE uninteresting finale to the Enmore stone-throwing is. very disheartening to those who delight in the weird and blood-eur<llrag, Such people would have hailed with delight a revelation that the missiles were propelled by the perturbed' spirit of a man who had been foully "done to death" by a former inhabitant of the Enmore mansion. Great effects from little causes spring, and (he child who Upset the equanimity of the neighbourhood and set in motion a host of amateur detectives, besides furnishing the theme for innumerable telegrams and columns of surmises, can boast of having created a big scare which was considered worthy of daily bulletins in the Sydney press. This Enmore busi ness must have been qui to a little gold mine for the Telegraph Department, and well-planned ghost scares may bo recommended as a means of raising revonue to a hard-up Government. It will be very disappointing if our own peculiar phantom, the ghost of Bill Herbert at Coalbaggie, after all turns out to be a prank played by someone who has cast a covetous eye on Stein's selection. . * . Inquiries are occasionally made as to the position of the Dubbo Co-operative Butchering Company, which was projected about two years ago, and has "never been heard of since" by those who paid their application money. Following is the latest infor mation on the matter, which is given on the authority of the treasurer: Expenses incidental to floating the company-printing, etc.-were paid, and the remainder of the application money, amounting to £6618s 1 Id, was put at fixed deposit in the A.J.8. Bank I about a month before that bank sus pended payment. The reason for its I being so banked was that there was at I the time no prospect of commencing I the operations of the Company with success, and it was thought the money might as well be earning interest as lying idle. Whon the bank suspended payment, the company's deposit, with all other fixed deposits, was locked up. It is now placed under the head of "inscribed deposit stock," dud is a sale able asset, and can bo realised if the shareholders see fit, by selling at the market rates, which now rule at about 16s; a loss of 20 per cent would thus bo incurred. If tho applicants for shares are desirous of having the affair disposed of, a meeting should be called, and the. officers instructed to realise on the inscribed deposit stock, and the proceeds be returned to the applicants. * * ? * Tho following amusing comments on a recent case are by " Outis" :-" It is not often that a prisoner has his vera city impugned by judge and jury for pleading guilty to the chargo on which he is arraigned before them. This, however, is what actually happened to I a man at the Quarter Sessions the j othor day iu a baclc block township. He was up before Judge Forbes and an ' intelligent jury ' of the bucolic species on a charge of sheep stealing, and when usked to plead, said ' guilty.' At this juncture the local solicitor J intervened. Now, there is nothing in I the world that a local solicitor abornin I ates so tnuch as a plea of guilty. Quarter Sessions don't come to a back block town every day, and, whon they I do, if prisoners are to own up and I make a short, miserable amateur job of it, how is a professional mau to I live ? ' Your Honor,' said ho, ' I have I just heard that the prisoner has pleaded guilty; I assure you he is a very stupid follow; it is all a mistake. Kindly allow mo to withdraw tho plea, I and entor oae of not guilty, and 1 will stake my professional reputation on the fact that the case I have to present will fully j ustify the application. Tho plea was withdrawn, and according to the local paper, ' tho upshot of tho I affair was that his strategy and olo I quenoe proved too much for tho jury,' who returned a verdict of acquittal. ' Prisoner at ? the bar,' said. Judge Forbes, when his turn came to go 4 on' I in this astonishing oomedy, 'yousayyou J stole these sheep. Tho jury say you axe a liar; you are, therefore, dis charged.' » This brings to mind Judge I Docker's remarks to a prisoner at the I last Dubbo Quarter Sessions, whon discharging him on being found not guilty of maliciously wounding: " Prisoner, the jury find you not guilty, it is thoir verdiot, not mine; j you are discharged; you might havo killed tho man; don't throw stones | any more." . . . From Warrnambool wo learn that after sevoral interesting discussions the Town Council has adopted rules for regulating mixed bathing on tho shores of the adjacent sea beach, which bears tho appropriate name of Lady Bay. The only condition as to cos tume is that " all persons must at least beprovided with a bathingtrunk." Supposing that tho " trunk " meant is not a large box in which a bath could be taken unobserved, but the article of dress (?) usually worn by male bathers, and made out of about a quarter of a yard of material, the Warrnambool Council has certainly I gone one better than the Legislative Council, which recently debated so excitedly over tho " neck to knee" I costume. But it is hardly likely that the ladies of Warrnambool will avail themselves of the privilege offered them by the Council, to appear on tho shores of Lady Bay clad in "at least a bathing trunk." " A MOUNTAIN OF GoW)."-Mr. Mont gomery. Tasmanian Government Geologist, goes at once to Mcrant Hasley to examine and report on the sensational statement, of Mr. Saranel as to it being a mountain of gold. The assertions are generally ridiculed at Zeehan. A warning has been issued against the statements, and other reports say the deposits are well known, and will probably go 3dwt. to the ton. 