TALK O' THE TOWN. fetch Sly Satncrsdo, with lib poisonous P"1 Files to (lie Printer's tlevtl.— ituuack Smith. Tub political situation is as mixed as tho betting market uu tho eve of a big race, uud it is about as difficult at this time of writing to foreuust the issue as to pick just now tho winner of the next Molbuuruo Op. The most astuto politicians und cue ciovere.it uouurgiumn wuuivm, «.»» never in their experience were they so puzzled. A mau I was talking to tho other day, an old identity— and there was a time when ho could read with the wisdom of a seer tho future— candidly told mo that ho was, to uso his own pcculiur phraseology, perfectly 41 sugar- doodled.1' Tho whole thing is a sealed book, and nuithor Frca Trader, Protectionist, Labour man, nor Mugwump, can any what will como out on top at the pells. Each of tho first three boasts thut Ills sido Mill win the day, und talks with ull the confidence of assured victory, but it is only make believe. It is kedping a good faco oo it, just no tho gcuerat who on taking the field buoys up his army with chuorful prognostications, though ull tho tltuo he is in the gravest doubt, and, were ho to tell the truth, anticipates defeat. Never in our history — at ull events, at no timo since Responsible Government was conferred upon tho colony fur its sins, as Sir Stuart Donaldson used to say, was tho outlook mote in doubt. There ore some who say a great surprise is in store for us, Ouo friend of mine says that tho result will astonish even thoso whose equilibrium was not affected by the result of the laatgoneral election, — who are so occurrence seems to have no more effect upon them than a lass of ordinary whiskey ou a Culimiok Tartar, used to quaff that potent fermunted liquid manufactured fruin mute' milk. Single electorates und u complicated Aot will pn-duco results not nt ull dreamt uf by tho everyday politician,— tho inan who on polling days is to be found hungiug about the booth, fondliug a dog-eared greasy electoral roll, aod urdeutly anxious to find your uanio aod give yon your uumbvr. That Coulbagglo glio-t yarn has sharpened many memories, uod during tho week mysterious visita tions and events havo been the 11 talk o' tho town." They have put election mutters and even the Hurhigul rush iu the shade. Every fullow you meet has n patent right iu a haunted house or a bona fide ghost,— whether it has brought with it airs froin heaven or blasts from hell. . Somo day, perhaps, it might ho interesting to compile them all — they would be admirable reading for thoso who delight in spooks, aud such literature ut Mrs. Crowe' " Night 8ido of, Nature" Sir Wulter Scott's 44 Demouology," and Stead's " Borderland." One however, is eo good, and stmio people muy think so appropriato that I must tell it. A quarter of a century ago, when most of us were a great d 'ul younger than wo ure uow, and few uf us oven had black care sitting ou the crupper, a gentleman was riding out of dubbo at the uueuuny hour of two n.m. Wheu bo got to Maelcay-strect, near where the Parsonage is now limit, his horse stood still and trumhled all over. Looking ahead, the rider raw a straugo sight aud heard the rattling of a elmin. Weird forms were passing backward and forward. The fear of the I horse communicated itself to the man on its back. Like the frightened fellow, of.whieh Virgil tells us, " his hair stood on cud and his voice cleaved to his jaws." The dark mysterious forms duncrd from side to side of tho street, und iu tho blackness of the night, they coujurod up a remembrance of the witches ou the blasted heath, or the queer entertainment Tarn O'Slmuter involuntarily at tended at Kirk Alloway. However, the first tremor of fear over, the rider determined to inves tigate. Like Artcinu Ward's xvariiko hero, who was quite ready to tackle tho 44 crisis," so loug as it guaranteed not to draw a knife upon him, ho was prepared to interview the ghost aud fiudiout what was troubling it. He jumped ofl his horse,— which, hy tho way, had to bn dragged towards the objects— uod went along, fooling, us ha now admits, nunc too comfortubto. But, having put his hand to tho plough, he meant going through with the business, notwithstanding thut tho bluck figures still csclioloued peculiarly, tho chains rattled col- tiouously, and there was a suspicious ndonr of i sulphur in the air. When he reached the figures,— beiug u guod Catholic he devoutly crossed himself first— he prepared to address them, but the ghosts antluipited htm and chiiped out, "Hullo (Sen- oarin, old hoy, what keeps you in towu ut this hour!'' The spirits w.-re two ancient identities — still, happily in the flesh,— who were measuring with a surveyor's chain curtain allotments iu thu street Tho football season is again upon us, and there is smte tuU of a memorial being sent to the Hospital Committuo, asking that out of thoir generosity they erect a casualty ward, as thu the prospects of accidents during thu coming scuBon aro much more encouraging than during any previous year. An accuiunt insurance com pany, whichmado an agreement with uu English piper to piy all claims for accidents, is beginning to repent uf its bargain. During the weekending 27th January, fifteen claims were paid, of which eleven were for hr.keu collar hones, threo for broken legs, and arm. Tho following week ten more came up smiling, or their representatives did, for tho "fivers." Of thuso soreu were collar boncs, two legs, and ono arm. It is no wonder that thu company is now thinking of barring foot ball. An old friend, from whom, for many reasons, I was glad to hear, ami whom, I hops to hear frum again frequently, ceuds tne the following memory of tho past : — A strunge, well not a strange, but a sort of uncut philosophical story wan tohl mo thu other day by nu old squatter. " I had " ho said " been out all day horse- iiuoting and was us hungry as a hunter, when I came up to ono of my shepherd's huts ; thero I had a hearty feed. An hour later I sighted the henil station, and being us tired as I had been hungry 1 determined to creep inti my own quarter quietly and go to sleep. The 44 creeping iu" whs easily accomplished, my threo men being up to thoir eyes in a hot argument. The stockman was speaking as I rolled into Lhs blankets, "You" add he, uddroasing tho htitkeepur 4| offered thathorsi to Billy Druntiee for £11 last Friday. Horses have not gone up in tbo market since then, but to-day you see an utifortuiiatfe fellow humping his saddle and pushed for time; bound to bo at Gillurdool two days from to-day. What do you do? You ask him £15 for tho same horse, you got It, ami d'ye know what I think of your uot? It is moan, moaner than nnything, ueiuer thuu bailing a man up. That man's hands wero tied, and you picked his pockets, and my opinion of you is — und I say it without thinking you much worse than other fellows,— that yon would stick a man up just as iicvo us you'd rob him iu tho way you huvo done. Only one thing prevents you, und thut thing is tho "chokoy." The hut-keeper to whom this tirade hud been addressed, replied " oh you'ro young, and yo haven't seen inuoh of thu world. Can you tell mo how Pcabody mudo his money? I can toll you, it wus hy doing something very liko what I did to-day. But nobndy sees any harm iu It, and whou people booome accustomed they sec no more sin iu it than Mickey O'Brien did in shooting a blttokfellow. But to bo candid with you, I frankly admit that I took advautago of that fellow to-day ; but toll mo what lay wus ho on himself ? He went past hero about two months ago, when cuttle wera a drug In tho market, on his road out to tho back crooks where ho managed to get three or four "softies" to put their cattlo under offer to him for thrco months at £3. He didn't ask our cove to put his cuttle under offer, ho know better, hut ho goes about amongst tho inuoccnts and gets Red Barney, Whito Tom, and a mob of them to put their cattlo under offer for thrco mouths. Tho three months aro all hut gono, cattlo have gone up £2 in tho market, aud my noblo Is otr with his notes to cIobq tho bargain. Now, where ooincs in the harm of taking a littlo hit of a pick out of a "bloko"liko this?" "Therois harm in it, said the stockman, " two wrongs don't make a right, you ussistod him to plunder, in a scuto. Red Barney. " At this tho bullock driver roared out laughing, aud exclaimed, " What 1 plunder Red Barney ? Why tho mun thut can doit deserve credit for it. How did he get his fat cattlo if working bullocks don't calvo full grown fat bullocks every night. If ho's faked one heast since he s boon on tho Never Never, I venture to say ho's faked five hundred." 44 Who's fault wus that ?" sskod tho stockman. "Tho fault of tho mau who wm too maan to buy proper breading irons, but mdt hli men fill oittl with iron-hoops gridirons aod anything thoy could get. By tho way," said tho hut-koopsr, " A follow aalted here only the day bofore yesterday, enquiring- had a swell bloke passed ; that's tho ohnp that collared the cattlo buyer's horso right enough, and so sure as he ullows my bay Tommy once out of his sight tho same follow will have him, so you seo Mr. Cattlo' Buyor is not at Red Barney's yet, and I doubt very inuoh whether ho will get thore to tako tho cattle." " Well, I ho blowod," said the stock man, if tho wholo world don't appuar to bo made up of rogues. Tho law's tho only bloomin1 thing that kacps us honest." I gave a cough and this ended the debate." The turf Is responsible for many a good yarn, but this littlo one is not altogether the worst 1 havo heard. A bookmaker, at a raco mooting, was loudly bawling 70 to 40 on tho field against a horse that looked liko haviog an even moaoy chanco. " Done," said a well- known commissioner. "Twico," asked Jackson. "Threo times," said the taker. 44 Four" said the layer. 44 Five," said the tukor. "Ten times!" said Jackson. 41 No," said tbo backer, "I have on all 1 want; 44 but," ho whispered, 44 don't lay ony more— I'm bucking hitn for tho owner." 44 Aro you, indeed ?" said the bookmaker, 44 Woll, then, I'm laying WILL HONEYCOMB. 