A« Superior' Critic. A writer in a morning contem porary, who thinly disguises his identity under the Bignature of A. Q., and who, on the death, of ' Mr. A. J. Froiide, delivered himself ?; in somewhat remarkable fashion' j returns to the subject again, in to-day's j issue of the same paper. This time he specially deals with itaJttoVs latest work, the 'Life and Letters of EraBmua.' One of the curiously paradoxical notes which A. J. uttered before . is echoed at. the very beginning of his present article. ' The Life,' he says, ' like that of * Caesar,' is one of Mr. I^roude's sounder and more satisfactory pro ductions.' In connection with A.G.'s former laudation of the exceptional merits of Froude's ' Ceesar,' as com pared with hiB other works, the Evening News, it may be remembered, took the opportunity of pointing out that in this, as in other opinions respecting Froude, A. G. differed from much better au thorities. In support of this conten tion one of the first that came to hand was quoted — Justin McCarthy, the well known historian of Our Own Time. The convenient method of ' double- columning' was adopted, and the contrast which A. G.'s criticism of Froude presented to that of M'Carthy was both instructive and amusing. However, A. G., contemplating Justin M'Carthy from a lofty position of superiority, hints that he is one of those unlearned persons whose judgment, whatever may be thought of it by the half educated, does not count with really cultured men. ' It matters nothing,' observes A. G., 'what a mere novelist like Anthony Trollope may think of Cicero, nor what a writer like Justin M'Carthy, who is more a journalist than a historian, may think of Mr. Froude's work in general, and of his * Caesar,' in particular-' The name of Anthony Trollope is somewhat super fluously bracketed with that of Justin M'Carthy, and apparently for no other reason than that Trollope wrote a perfunctory sketch of Caesar. The fine scorn of A. G. for Trollope may perhaps be warranted. But is he quite so sure that he is entitled to give himself airs when alluding to Justin McCarthy's possible ability to study original authorities ? Justin M'Carthy, -when a young man, was reputed an excellent classical scholar. Those who . know him say that, even at the present day, he re tains so much of his old scholastic acquirements as to be able to read G^reek at sight almost with the readi ness of Mr. Gladstone. To come to the main point — that as to the correct ness of McCarthy's general estimate of the literary claims of Froude. It is in substantial agreement with what has been said by writers who represent the very flower of English journalism. Not a .single one of the great London dailies or weeklies, when recently speaking of him, expressed anything short of enthusiastic admiration for Froude's style, or questioned his title to rank among the great masters of English prose. In this they had been anticipated by the utterances of the leading English re views many a day ago. As for Froude's inaccuracy, it needs no ghost come from the grave to tell people of that, and A. G. might have saved him self the trouble of endeavoring to ring the changes on so stale a theme. After the fashion of other ' superior ' persons, A.G. very consistently serves out his praise and blame seemingly for the mere sake of differing from everybody else. Such pedantic affectation may be a cheap way of gaining notoriety, but it has an awkward knack of pro voking the laughter of those who re cognise its real character. To so re cognise it one has simply to remember what has been said of Froude by all the great critics of his day, excepting those who like the late Professor Freeman, were fairly blinded by prejudice. Take Mr. Lecky for example. Even the extra ordinary self -sufficiency of A. G. can hardly enable him to put Lecky out of court as jauntily as he does Justin M'Carthy. Lecky has been one of the most formidable of the antagonists of the author of the ' English in Ireland,' yet he, too, has spoken of the picturesque beauty of Froude's style. By the way, as to the one point on which A. G. ungrudgingly praises Froude — i.e., concerning Caesar — a final word may be said. In the bio graphical sketch of Froude which appeared in the Times, it was remarked : ' Scholars who read his brilliant sketch of Caesar can see plainly that he had never properly read Cicero's letters, or not many of them.' In like manner, everybody else — everybody but A. G. — with any pretensions to know what he Was talking about, has supported Justin M'CaTthy in the view that ' Caesar ' is the weakest of all Froude's contri butions to history. 