Current Events. HARD AT IT.—We learn with pleasure that last Monday there were more orders booked for timber at the Nundah Carriage Works than they have had for the last three months. It is a loug laue that has no turning ; let us hope this local company has at last taken the turn which leads to constant work and increased prosperity. It is a noticeable fact that on Monday the smithy fires were lighted for the first time for IS months. SANDGATE CONCERT.—Next Friday evening a concert will be given in the Sandgate Town Hall in aid of Canon Matthews' stipend fund, which we regret to say is considerably in arrears. From the programme issued it will be seen that the best available talent has been secured for the concert part, whilst the Sandgate Dramatic Club will give a performance of that evergreen farce, "Box and Cos." For so good a cause we solicit a bumper house. A HUMAN BRUTE.—Some wretched, mean spirited thing that calls itself a man or a woman has lately been guilty of laying poison about Nundah, whereby several restdents have lost valuable dogs. Dog poisoaing to get at your neighbours is a poor way of gratifying personal spite, but it is onlyoa a par with the anoaymous letter writer who also flourished in that hag- ridden neighbourhood. We have a pretty ehrewd suspicion as to whom the guilty party is, and he or she will yet be trapped. Meanwhile, if the anonymous letter fiend wants to know . who the dog poisoner is, or vice versa, we suggest a personal inspection of his or her own features in a looking glass. Lo, A GHOST !—The Pines district has always had its share of the good things going, but now they have a real live gho&t; all to themselves, which, dressed in white, perambulates the Gympie-road all hours of the night, from the South Pine bridge to the foot of Buckby's Hill. It is evidently not a lazy ghost, and curiously enough he, she or it is invariably accompanied by twp dogs. Anyway it is frightening the local native out of what little sense he ever did possess, and worse still, it has put a stop to all the spooning, for there is not a girl thereabouts who dare put her head out of doors after dark. This state of things is deplorable, and in the interests of the spooners we suggest that the able-bodied bucks should lay wait for this ghost, and having found him, her, or it, make a note of !the same with a strong supple jack, well laid on, for we never knew a dose of this medicine to fail. A SPLENDID SOUVENIR. — We have received from the Historical Company, Philadelphia, U.S., a sample copy of " The Magic City," being the first number of a portfolio of photographic views of the World's Pair held laqt year at Chicago. We have no hesitation in .saying it is the most beautiful production of its sort we ever beheld, being a marvel of the artist's and the printer's work. The number before us contains 16 photographs produced on paper which it iB a pleasure to handle. The work is to be continued in weekly numbers, and the price is $!2 per annum, or 25 cents per single copy. Anyone fortunate enough to possess the whole volume will own an edition de luxe which will be valuable as a memento in years to come of this great Exhibition, to say nothing of its being an education in fine arts in everv page of it. 3 A WELCOME TO ALL — To " take mine ease at mine inn " is the inclination of most people, and anyone paying a visit to Host Langdon, the new proprietor of the Royal Hotel, Nundah, will be able to gratifv his inclination to its fullest extent. For there a welcome is extended to all, a good tabled kept, and the liquors are unexceptional. Always a favourite house of call to persons driving to and from Sandgate, it ought to be more favoured than ever now, for von not only can get a good drink yourself, but you can let your cattle drink, and, better still, meet with civility which is becoming in°th^Iaml. highest or the lowS The BABON AND HIS BILL Once nn«„ - dme there was a *old baron wl^rffto |»y his lawful debts, an* when the pow storekeeper sought legal means to recC™ lauehed £ . his own, the bold one laughed insulting^ him toi and sent back cheeky and messages ° Judgment was got and then the stCffir 6 C m wily man, sat down to wait, and he w S for six months. Last week, the baronS* rode into the town where'the storekeeper lived and the latter spied him T\hf™ ^ SL*£35 H ?' exe pution was i d a i d the bold barons moke anil „„JJI . Down from his l o f t y t t f i ^ d sooner than tramp it home, he decidV ^ pay hours up. through Which that he town-K did, after hunting tedW.** * 6 Sid farce, P^e^. l^d me fiv^^iiiiiJ?' so that he couldsatisfy that B u 2lings," 3 k There is such a thing as going out count. pretty, and coming home o^ouTear" your Lr . « ^ that u is just how OUP our DP.H{FJN<* debiting friend J felt * * he rode away, oh 1 so crestfallen THE PINES RACES. — For the Queen's |Birthday, the Pines Race Club have pre- Ipared a very nice programme of a day's sport, which ought to give pleoty of eoj >y - merit to the visitors of that favourite local fixture. Six events, with stakes totally 321, exclusive of the Consolation Stakes, go far Ao prove that there is " corn in Egypt" yet, * it any rate in the Pines district. The day's n will conclude with a bill in the School f Arts, North Pine. Horseowners will notice that all entries close on Saturday Best, Miy 19 at the Clyde Hotel, Strath- 'ine, the handicaps being declared on S londay, May 21. * CABOOLTORE SPORTS. — Following their ^time-honoured custom,the Cabjolture Sports Committee have issued their programme of Athletic sports to be held in the paddock at the rear of the Royal Hotel on Thursday, May 24. Fun for all ages and both sexes baa been provided, so that the visitors (may their name be Legion) ought to have a good •time. The special attention of intending Competitors is called to the conditions, Which will be strictly carried out by the ^ GOVERNMENT BCSINESS.—Last Saturday's Gazette opeued to general selection en Monday, June 4, por. 13v, Mooloolah, about 400 acres. Reduced the purchasing price (unconditional) of pors. 144v-150v, Maroochy, from % to 1Z. Withdrew from selection por. 13v Mooloolah, which notice contradicts the one above dealing with the same land, appearing in the same Gazette, thus giving us some idea of the utter fatuity existing in the Department. Notified the application of J. M'Neven to permanently close road separating por. 98 from por. 72, Samsonvale. Corrected the error in deed of J. L. Zillman, por. 222, Kcdron. Announced that the Post Office at Yandina had been made a postal note office. A FAMILY FEUD.—A few weeks ago we briefly chronicled the troubles between the cl&ns;, Wynne and Walter, as aired at the North Pine Police Court. Last Thursday, the war was renewed before Messrs M urray, P.M. and M'Cullagh, J.P., when Wynne summonsed .Walter for the value of two heifer calveB, the original casus belli, and Walter went for Wynne for trespass. Wynne did not come out on top, both cases being decided against him, he having to pay costs—we should imagine that Mr. Wynne ought by this time to be more than satisfied at having about 81 per month slipt into him for legal expenses, but that is his affair not ours. A SANGUINARY BATTLE.—As a complement to the above, we have been informed that the two clans had a terrific combat—• after dark, mind you, near the Samsonvale Butter Factory last Monday night. Walter, so they say, with a body guard of four stalwart heroes, was going to the factory, whfen eight men in buckram sprang out on party from the bushes. They joined c imbat, the four pursuing the eight, who left portions of their bodies behind them, so that next morning a neighbouring dairymaid gathered up twelve basketsful of the fragments that remained wherewith to feed her choockies. General Walter was left to himself as the din of battle died in the distance, when suddenly sixteen more men—more or less—jumped out of more bushes, shouting in the vernacular, " this is the . we're looking for." He calmly fixed his eagle eye upon them, and drawing a squirt from his manly bosom, threatened " "Hie first man mit the bullet shoot." Whereupon the second army, amid much sulphurous talk, evaporated. We treat this subject With ridicule, surprised that grown men onld act so foolishly ; at the same time, ere is evidently bad blood existing, which ight not to be, between neighbours. We ve no desire to have to chronicle a ttsacherous murder or any such horror, but if these men do not cease from thus " acting the gott," we think the police ought to summons the whole blooming lot and have them bound over in heavy bonds to keep the Queen's peace for the next 12 months. SANDGATE CHESS CLUB.—A meeting of persons interested in the formation of a Sandgate Chess Club was held at the School of Arts, Sandgate, on Tuesday evening. Dr. Paul was voted to the chair, and the following officers elected: Captain, J. A. Boyce; secretary, Cedric F. White; treasurer, W. H. Bell. It was decided that Ihe club meetings should be held every Tuesday and Thursday evening at the School <of Arts. A set of rules were adopted, and the first club night fixed for last evening. It is the intention of the club to encourage chess by certain openings being played on club nights, and the captain will assist members by giving the benefit of his ex " perience in the form of a demonstration of the most approved method of playing that opening. Beginners will be welcomed and will have the benefit of assistance from the more advanced players. Signor Crispi, the Italian Premier^ speaking on the foreign policy of Italy, said that humanitarian questions were gradually replacing national questions, and that peace was the supreme aim of international politics. ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.—" What St. John's bells said" will not do. We endorse the sentiment, but you allow your passion to run away with your sense, your rhythm and your rhyme. Here is a slab of abject nonsense, ex uno dince omnen. Our poet is standing by the Victoria Bridge wondering how the busy town may be employed, and he pours forth thusly : '' When its bloated barriers have deployed Suburban lands and the sordid mart—man With Jewish instincts tracking the decoyed, Shall the big city make a Stygian Horde of keen eyed usurers, whose bond is a ban." Morayfield P.O.: People who write about "their attention being called" we do not intend to pay any attention to. Besides, your letter was impertinent and quite beside the mirk. You were not accused, so why excuse? You evidently have but little to dAvand consequently think too much. EITDLQ LARCENISTS.— Our Eudlo correspondent informs us that there is a lot of petty thieving going on around Eudlo and Palmwoods,those classic spits being haunted by persons "littered under Mercury, pickersup of unconsidered trifles," who make all fish that come into their net. One man's camp was stripped of everything, even to his blankets, and others about Ilk ley and Mooloolah have been similarly treated. Constable Sutton is on the warpath, and we trust to hear ere long that he has put salt on his bird's tail. CABBAGE- TREE CREEK STATE SCHOOL.— Arbor Day was celebrated at the above school on May i, when there was a good attendance of children, parents and friends of the pupils. Several of the committee, assisted by the larger boys, spent the forenoon in laying out flower beds, the ladies being also busy with the sandwiches and other good things, and at noon the children sat down to an excellent spread. The greater part of the afternoon was occupied with racing for and distributing prizes, every child attending school receiving one. A pleasing feature of the day was an exhibition of physical drill by a number of the boys. After tea, dancing, interspersed with songs, brought a most enjoyable day to a cloBe. SANDGATE CONVENT.—The erection of the convent at Sandgate is to be proceeded with without delay, arrangements having been advancedBO far that the contract of Mr. G. A. Baumber having been accepted, the foundation stone to be laid on Whit-Sunday, May 13, at 11 a.m., by Archbishop Dunne. It says much for the energy of the Rev. Father Connolly, who by the way is the oldest priest in Queensland, that this will be the 14th building which has been erected through his efforts in Queensland, and when the convent is erected the Roman Catholios of Sandgate will be in possession of the most complete parochial property in the colony, consisting of church, presbytery, schoolhouse, and convent, all on one block. The plans, which have been prepared by Mr. W. A. Caldwell, who was also the architect for the Sacred Heart Church and the presbytery, show a two-storied wood structure, 65 feet by 38 feet. On the ground floor will be the reception-room, the music-room, a refectory for the sisters, and another for the boarders, kitchen, and offices, and a playroom for the pupils. On the upper floor, to the front, will be the oratory and the sisters' parlour. Adjoining these will be six cells for the sisters, three on each side of the passage, and at the rear will be a large dormitory for the pupil boarders. Externally the structure will be a gabled building and it will present a pleasing appearance. The contract time is three months. , NEW ORGANISATION,—At Ipswich a new organisation has been formed, to be called "The Queensland Political Association." Its objects, as decided upo^, are as follow: " The objects of the association are to devise means for promoting the general welfare of the colony by removing the distress at present existing, encouraging the developof our industries and the investment of eapital, thus affording equal opportunities of employment to all classes, and bringing about that state of prosperity whioh everybody who has the best interests of the colony at heart mast earnestly desire. In furtherance of the above objects the efforts of the association will be directed towards (1) the maintenance of good government; (2) the restoration of confidence in the colony; (3) the promotion of good feeling between all classes; (4) legislation of such a character as will afford equal justice to all, whilst inflicting injury on none; (6) the registration of all persons entitled to vote, and the thorough revision of the electoral rolls; (6) the selection and support of suitable candidates for representing the principles nf the association in Parliament." This reads very nice on paper, but we all know what it means, a strictly party organisation, like the one in Brisbane, run to keep the other fellow off the voter8 , lists and to pack them with their own friends. Next, please. NEW Winter Dress Materials, from 5&d.;, at Carlyle's. 