Evidently tbe inclement state of the weither last Saturday afternoon did noteuit the representatives of the Launceaton club, otherwise their engagement with the Bouth Launeeston team on Tattereall's Recrea tion Ground at Klphln would have re sulted in Bomcthing more satisfactory to themselves, and mere gratifying to their supporters than a draw. Prior to the commencing ot operations the Bouth Laun eeston were, in some quarters, considered to have not a ghost of a show against the powerful dark blues. That they were cot up to their neck in the game at any stage will perhaps be admitted, but never theless it is a fact that the wearers of the blue and white at times showed bold enengh front to not only astonish Cap tain Wai. Brown's merry band of heroes, but also to sdarm them. However, tbe Laun eeston team had the best of tbe argument, and looked certain winners a couple of minutes before knock-off time. At this juncture the Bouth Launeeston made their 11 last effort,' and Bracken ; marking equalised the goal scores amidst a flutter of excitement, once more causing the old adage to flash across my mind, ' Yon never can tell till tbe numbers go up.' All circumstances considered, it was only to be expected tbat on the sodden turf scientific football would be almoat out of the question. At times there were instances of really creditable work on both sides, bnt, as every one appeared to labor ener getically as opportunities would present themselves, I refrain from oomment on the contestants in individual form. The final scores were— Launeeston, 4 goals 12 behlnds ; Bouth Launeeston, 4 goals 4 behlnds. With only two points separating them on the premiership list, the City aud Bouth Liuuceslon match to-day ahould draw a crowd to Elphin. The result of laBt Saturday's match has given an im* petus to the game, and this after noon's fixture has a great amount of interest centred in it. The South Laun eeston has been encouraged to put forth extra effort in the hope ot gaining more than a ' draw,' while the Oity feel thsit there must be no relaxation on their part if they are to save themselves from defeat. The training track has been well kept to daring the past week, and it seems to be a ease of 11 do or die.' in the attempt to finish elf tbis evening within *' coo-ee' of tbe pre sent leaders, for if the Oity win they will be only a couple of points behind, while, ahould they less, the South Liuucdston will be level pegging for first place. Last Saturday '« Victorian matches finished the first round, each club having met the other once, having played 12 matches. Tbe actual position of the teams at the head of the premiership list ii — Ess«ndon, 46 points ; Melbourne, 86j; Fitzroy, 34 ; North Mel bsurne, 82 ; Footicray, 80. In the first half of last Saturday's match breaches of the laws were not indulged in by one team more than the other, out of bounds play on both sides CAUsing at leatt one-third ot the free-kicks given. For the final half there was need {tor more punith ment, and in tbe administration of free-kioks Launeeston suffered most, their total for the afternoon bciog 28, while the Boutfr Laun eeston had IS given against them. .Judging by the differetc a cf opinion ex pressed in the paviLiun at Elphin last Satur day by those who pose as authorities, a Study of the laws would be benefioial te a j gxdly number, some ot whom are very fond i of airing their eloquence, and thereby show- | ing their ignorance. At quarter- time one ef , the timekeepers sounded the bell, bmt it i was too faint to be heard by tbe central I umpire. A mark obtained by Norman I a few seconds after was allowed, and I the player hai a shot for goal, which, , fortunately under the circumstances, went outside the goal posts. The argumentative j powers of several who heard the bell and I saw what followed were let leose. and ! many there wtr-! who held that it a goal | had been kicked it muit be counted. Onei individual, who said he could read tbe laws and Interpretations, was particularly de monstrative on tbe point, but the failure of the shot for geal soon eiused the sntjici to be dropped. To the individual referred to, as well as ethers, 1 would say, Get a rule book aod read clause A cf law 4. There you will find, ' At the first sound of the bell the ball shall be dead.' If jou can interpret that to coincide with your ideas, it's more than I can. The principal fixture on the Victorian list for to-day is between Melbourne and FUe- roy, who are only two points away from each other in the second and third plaoe respec tively. Only one junior match was down for last Saturday, and that was played at Elphin between Bailway and Launeeston Second. The game was very even, Launcsstou having the bett of tbe goal-kicking, a fact which landed them winners with one to the good. Tbe Launeeston Second seem to have brought Lawrence out. of his shell in the sooring line. In the senior team he could not get goals ; but for the second twenty he pots them well. Last week he kicked two, and now he is at the head of the list in associa tion matches. GOAL-KICKERS, SEASON 1694. The following arc the leading goal kickers ia association matches up to Saturday last : — Goals. R. Lawrence ? i) T. Bracken ? 'J H. Stewart ? 7 E. Ritchie... ... ? 7 C. Mackrill ? 7 A. Norman ? 7 J. Gorman ? 7 D. Crosby ... ? 6 J. Brown ... ... ? 6 tt. Ellis ? G T. Taylor ? 5 A. Kitt ... ? ... 5 W. Cox ? 5 D. Moir ? 5 11\. Coogan ? D J. Thompson ... ? 5 T. Di*Qn ? 4 W. Collings ... ? 4 J. Sianwix ? 4 A. Barrett ? 4 W. Brown... ... ... ... 4 p. Armitage ? 4 H. Thompson ? 4 R. Woods ? 4 L. Findlay ... ... ... 4 W. LarUr ? 4 W. Jones ? 4 PREMIERSHIP LIST. Matches1 Goals \ Foiuu:, Bealop Clube. !- -a 3 — 1 ii? I I ! z ? S J ;G © J Ltuneeston ? 4 f 1 98 SI 82 iB font a Launeeston ... I ill 18 S6 ss 14 ... ... ... I j ;e j 86 i ss ia Matches Goals Points. Junior Clubs. o «? £ 1 ? o J I ^ South LaunceBtou 8nd .. 0— Is 34 17 8Z SB City And - ? 6 9; 1 Id 27 32 24 Launeeston 2nd ? 4 2i b 47 38 32 SO Railway ? £ 6 1 27 37 89 10 Tamar .. .. _ el— 1 SO 53 \ 32 — 