COPYRIGHT ] JNOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ; ; ; .(JN D IIE. SHADOW OF CRIME, OR, THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT f DUNRAYEN. ' ? ' " \- A-THRILLING STORY OF DEEP INTEREST. i By j JEAN MIDDLEMASS, r. ^ t lAuthor of "A Girl in- a Thousand," "Sealed I . by a Kiss," "ByFaik Means," "Touch | and Go," etc. CHAPTER. II. A Shroud'. I .Lady liertrude Verchoyie's ball dress lay on the Vied. It was a gauzy, delicate dresa !of silTer tissue, trimmed with roses of the jpalest pink, and was one of La Ferriere's 'most artistic effects. Lady Gertrude was surveying it with an 'expression that was half pathetic, half jpleasurable. She wa3 thinking of Clement iDunraven and of the ball that night, where islie expected to meet him. i Lady Gertrude was the proud daughter of ia proud race, but notwithstanding her re 'puted haughtiness, she had her weak spot. She loved Clement Dunraven, loved him pas sionately, madly, as strong nature only knows !how to love, and yet she knew, full well ;thsvt he had but a very mediocre affection ,for her, even if his feelings towards her ■ {amounted to anything beyond liking for a •girl who fiad been a companion and neigh bor from childhood. | Let the world say what it would of her, : there waa no hardness on her face as she ! stood gazing at the lovely ball dre3s, its ex pression was intensely womanly. ! And very sweet Lady Gertrude looked, her dark eyes filled with tears as her whole being was stirred by the emotion that filled her soul. Her little well phaped head, on which the fair hair was deftly curled, was i poised a little on one side as though the weight of her feelings was very heavy to bear. But certainly she was absolutely absorbed , by them for she did not hear a light tread on" the stairs, nor was she sensible of another | pair of dark, sparkling eye3 that were peep ' ing in at her through the half open door. After a second or two, the new comer, who was exceedingly vivacious by nature, could standing there quietly no longer, pretty though the TWP.f.lJrn IMS t-haf: olio mnfom. plating. ' Gertrude,' she cried, ' what is the matter with that dress that you are looking at it so sadly. One would think it was yourt shroud.' . : t Lady Gertrude shivered, for the word jarred horribly, although she tried to look as though sha did not mind. ' My shroud,' she said, bringing herself to smile. ' What an ill-oenmed allusion, when I was looking forward to to-nightsV. balL' Ths "girl who had just come in'andwho. was Lady Gertrude's dearest friend, was sorry, as she often was, that she had said a tactless thing; but gay, dashing Elvira Delano had an evil habit of allowing her tongue to run . away with her. Anxious, if possible, to expiate her carelessness she threw her arms around Lady Gertrude and kissed her affectionately. No one knew better than Elvira what Lady Gertrude was thinking/pfas she gazed'on the ball dress, and strange to, relate, Elvira was the only person interested in1 Gertrude, who regretted that there . was a .chance of her fortunes being linked with those of Clement Dunraven. 1 A shroud,' she thought, as she fondled her" friend, ' ay, '-that*'dress*-may- "prove- a shroud in more senses of the word than one, if my poor darling Gertie marries Clement Dunraven. But she knew by experience that it was useless to expostulate. Lidy Gertrude was far too much enamoured of the handsome Clement to listen to a word of reason, even when Elvira Delane dropped her usually bantering manner, and .dipped lipr phraooo in the cooling streamof wisdom. 'Elvie, dear, do you think he will be there1!' - Certainly neither this question nor its tone encouraged any "attempt' to dissuasion so Elvira answered ambiguously,-' If he has any sense he will come—that is, if he is not afraid of succumbing utterly to the fascinations of thin bewitching garment aiid its wearer.' ' Oh, Elvie, you are always chaffing. I do not believe that Clement loves me aa—I love him.' . , ' My goodness 1 if he loves.you as much as you love him, you would set fire to the house between you,' laughed Elvira Delane. 'Oh, Elvie, how can you joke when I am so miserable ! ' My poor dear, I know it is a serious matter, but I cannot forego my fun. And, you know you will never believe ' that I care for Mr. Pierce Vaughan and yet devoutly wish that both the cousins were drowned. ' You don't care for him ; not you. If you did you could not talk like that.' ' You do not know mo ; not even Gerty can fathom tBe depths of my heart, or you would fully understand that I shall never make my self miserable for a man who is indifferent to mo. Both these men thinkaboutyou more than they do about me, but then you are Lady Gertrude Verschoyle, ,and I am only Miss Elvira Delane,-..although my father is a .mil lion aire.' . ^ 'You do not ascribe veryvflafctering motives to either of them,' said Lady Gertrude a little tartly.. ...... -••• 'No. But then, you know", I havenot a very high opinion of any man, though I admire Pierce Vaughan forhis, SerictusneFs and his talentgi' c : . L . :-. J i vc C.D6 yoia think he will jirep.ose to-night!?' askedrLady Gertrude grimlj. fl-"lY'.lo;! \- ' Who ■ in Heaven's tname — not ■ Pierco Vaughan, Pam not yet prepared for tH&b;/ • No—no, I mean Clement':' ' : ' ■;; '■ Miss Dalane shrugged her shoulders.' It w$s on her lips,to say '.God forbid .'^but'she refrained and merely mutteted something aljout its being impossible to anticipate/, any nian's actions. . . j; ■ : I. • Then she crossed the room and looked'out of the window. . ;*'! inuBt be off,' said she hurriedly," ' tfiere^ is Joujou fretting himself into a frothy ;arid' old Simpson looking, as if, he will be.grumpy all the way home.' ^ ' • ' Well, if you are not the slave of 'your lover you are of your grooin, said- Lady Gertrude a little disdainfully/. ' Why has not Joujou been taken round to thotstable V 'Because I must* go, love. I only" came for (the white, flowers, but I fejt I could .not depart without one peep.at you. Ta-ta, be loved—tillto-night. Be jolly and do not despair until he has seen you in that gown. If La Ferrini'e's last isn't too much for him, then Gerty mia, never think of him again.' Lady Gertrude went downstairs and saw her friend off, herself driving Joujou in a high dog-cart, Simpson perched beside her and looking glum at having to wait. After Elvira Delans's departure there was no further contemplation of the ball dress. Lady Gertrnde set to work at some painting and tried not to think of Clement. Elvira was always as a breath of ozone to Gertrude, and whenever she saw her, her mind very much relaxed on the subject of Clement, and recovered some of its tone. Thanks, then, to this happy intervention, the hours of the day preceding the much !ooked-for ball passed with a fleetness, Lady Gertrude had bv no means looked for when she got up in the morning. At last she was arrayed in her robe of silver sheen, which with its festal beauty looked very little like a shroud. She gave her mother, who was an invalid and never went out in the evening, a faie well kiss, and then, accompanied by her father, tho Earl, starred for Brentwells. Dancing had already commenced and the room was tolerably full when Lord Melbury vnd hia daughter entered. Several men pressed forward to ask for the honor of a dance, among them Pierce Vaughan, but there was no sign of Clement Dunraven. Lady Gertrude's spirit, which had been ,-ery buoyant with hope during the drive, fell jon'sidurably'. Could, it bo possible that he was not coming; .hen all her hopes of happiness for that even ng would end in disappointment. There way Sir Louis ! He never wont to ) a 11 a. Why had ho c.Mne to-night ? It was ■ory strange. She would go and speak to lim. It would be only polite to an old man vho was her father's friend. She dared not sk him for news of Clement, but perhaps he i-ould tell her what had happened to cause lis absence. L:idy Gertrude.managed to.gei. ono of her partners to stop iivtho valse close to.fSir Louis, ih&king; :it thus perfectly natural'! that she Should hold out her hai.d to him. • v- ' Have ynu seen Clement asked the old gentleman a little anxiously. She shook her head. For the'momenb she felt too nervous to apeak. " ' He left home to dine with a friend who is paying at the King's Head in Coleahill for this ball. He said he would meet me here at ten—nowifc is nearly eleven:' ' Punctuality is not ajcommon virtue with men—when- they -are- dining,'- said- -Lady Gertrude, greatly.Relieved .to find-rthat this waa all the . reasoil. '>Ah, there-he is" she exclaimed after a short pause, as she suddenly.sap:demerit standing by the en trance door. Turrimg'to her partner she waltzed away, thus to conceal the agitation which overcame her when she/became aware that the man who was so much to her had suddenly put in an appearance. V.. The first individual to whom Clement spoke after he had paid his devoirs to Lady Marci3, was his uncle. ' I am late,' he said ' but;if you knew tho cause you would not blame me. ' Bah •!' answered the old man pettishly, ' you have always some trifling excuse. To night's proposal is tho first consideration in the world for you I' Thus snubbed, Clement>did not make any confidences, always supposing he had had the intention of doing so. He only bent his head, and walked away withan expression on hia face that scarcely proclaimed a happy lover. He made a circuit;, of'the room with ft measured tiead, bowed to several acquaint ances as he passed them, end finally found himself at the side of Lady Gertrude Verschoyle, who blushed scarlet a3 she gave him her hand much to the annoyance of Pierce Vaughan, whose dahce wasjust about to begin. . • ' ' " For another quarter of an hour until that galop was ended, Clement must wait, then i she would give him the next dance. It 'was free, perhaps she had been keeping it for him—it was the supper valse. - '' '■ Pierce Vaughan scarcely hid a fascinating or interesting'partner, for Lady Gertrude did not appear "to understand what he was say ing, and answered him so vaguely and wildly that he could have imagined that she had^suddenly gone demented, had he not had ! more than a suspicion, that the coming of Clement Dunraven was accountable for her pre-occupation. •And because of the love Lady Gertrude bore him, Pierce hated his cousin with a fierce and bitter hatred, and rejoiced over the finding of the piece of paper signed by Beta, that had lain under the old tree in the wood, At last the ordeal of this dance, which gave pleasure to neither, was over, and L'^y Gertrude's tiny well-glovM: hand was Li}uitfering with excitement aa i^ rested on ;OiementDunraven's .ariiK, , -If ,herhad loved her, " ^>>3 whole frame 'must' have ' vibrated with the emation under .which.he was labor ing.: But though-loving wards;.were. on his lipsj'Vnd from long practlce in a wooer's art, his eyes told passion's tale, yet Clement JDunraveil's ; heart, .wa? ^unmoved., Had she cated for;him less,Jor been more accustomed to be wooed, she would not have failed to discover this, while, as it was she was in the seventh heaven of rapture. -'How beautiful you are,' he said, looking into hec-eyes.,. ' I have;.al ways thought so, but to-night—to-nightLyou surpass yourself. That gown: suits you to perfectionj'jrr;"^ j. Is it: bofe rude to" make -"remark's'/on i-.per aonal appearance ?' she answered,; laughing, and trying to! appear <thoroughly• -at-1 her ease. j ; ' You would notf think it Tuds if^you knew my'motives,'r .he replied} so/serious tjfiat'sEe •jvas stag'sered, but she still lnade' arC efforijt^t banter. ; .i ' ,■ 'Thafc^won't: do,h she: said, 'motives are such horribly vague things and cover so many shortcomings.-'-' ;: ~ .' Is it a shorfc-iomirig to admire ; des perately, ;aiid to^—love you.I' he asked.,,.The last fford.camo: outnwith a; gasp which gave it an emotional;, point for:which his inmost feelings were in no way'r'es^bnsible'J":.< !•. j Lady Gertrude looked down now, and did not attempt to speak. : j ;; ; J' ] Su the dreati hail duno'ifca work, yet Jiilvira Delane had called it a shroud, There .'was silence for a second or two, she wa3 battling with her feelings,; trying to still her , throbb ing heart. He-—well, it were'hetterlperhapa to throw a veil ovpr wh»t he really frit'. What he said when with, a mighty effort he compelled himself, was— ' Will you be my wife V. ,. • - > ; ; She did not speak at once, she whs too happy to give her pleasure words, but at last a faint 1 Yea' came from ,Kbr'pretty pouting lips, and she raised;her ;eyes,.to.,^is faca1:. to meet such a look of sadness jri hiis, that; she shrank before his gaze.: , . . - - . : . •' Ohr why do you look so sadly at me I'-sVie asked. - I' * Did I look sad ? Do not be frightened >1 was wondering whether I was worthy of jflvj— whether . you would be really happy ,-.if:;.you shared my lot.' v. • isK: ' I am not afraid.' ,.... ... : r 1 .'No, dear Lady Gertrude, • you'arelyi-yery brave ; yet you do not know: me.' ,j ' Not know you, Mr-Dunraven; ,ifc,seemaT have known you all my life.' ' Does a woman ever know the inner life of any man V . ■ ; •- ,/>. She laughed. . "»-i-i ycv't 11 have enough belief in yotr;nQt to, he afraid of your inner- life. ':-:;: '^ou^^iUrtake'me'ojQ'faith-andmarrymo without investigation.?^ ' Youare-pnly teasing me ; i don'tr believe there is'anything to investigate. One would think you were ; a murderer J ?or forger to hearypu talk,- and if yotirwere-r—-s.2H.Hr" 'If I wereV x *: <• ;• A ' Well—it would be-very difficult,for me (d hate you1.'- 0 s = 1 t - ' Thanks.' Then again there-was a short silence. He be had-asked her- to < marry .him and had'given her a loophole for escape,,]but she had only rushed blindly on her fate. If she had refused the proposed marriage Sir Louis would not have blamed him, but she accepted, so he must smile on her and try to look the happiness she was feeling. They'had never thought of dancing, and were sitting by this time in a small boudoir, which was next to the supper room. ... One or two people peeped in at the door and went away smiling, but no one ventured to intrude. They were virtually alone, or at all events believed themslves to be so. „01eruont Dunravan had always been con sidered an adept in the art of love- making, but to-night hs "felt as shy and unequal to the occasion as though he were the veriest tyro. Ho could.not., however, retreat now, since she had scc'epted: his proposal: His wife ! Merciful .Heavens, was it possible that he ! had asked LadyGertrudo Verschoyle to be i: his wife ? ! Ay, it wis absolutely true, for he stole his : arm round her slight waist, and drawing her close to him;* he 'imprinted a lingering kiss : on the full red lips and she did not resist him, as she assuredly would have done had she not felt that.she was his very own. That kiss seemed to revive some of the i slumbering passion. in Clement's deadened !heart,; and, he, awoke to a sense of how : beautiful Lady Gertrudo really was. i 'You are too f?ood for me, my darling,' ; he said, with more fervor than he had as yet shown, 'how lovely you are, too angelically lovely for a mere mortal like myself. The .whole of England will pay I am tho luckiest dog in the country, to have won a being so fair as you ire.' And tlie arm round her tightened, until she felt as if she were in a vice. ' And I the luckiest woman to have won tho love of the popular Clement Dunraven.' she replied, laughing, and trying to free her self from hia clasp. Pie loosod her somewhat, seeing she- was a. little, distressed. 'I muit not frighten my birdie.' ho whispered a little apologetically, 'but you should not be so beautiful, my sweet Ger trude.' She blushed and looked up at him with shy, sweet eyes. ' Then you do love mo, Cloment ? Don't talk to me about mysolf, but about your love. Ia it really true and fast, will it enduie for all our lives ? You will never neglect mo or grow cord to me, as some men do to their wivosV A dark expression came over Clement Dim raven'a face like a cloud. But before ho could answer she went on— 'All, I have offended you. I was wrong ; I should not have doubted your loyalty^and jood faith. Forme.' ' Sweet one, who could bo false to you i Tlio man who could make you suffer is a brute.' 'You will never cause me suffering, Cle- '• ment. ' Yea I know it full well ; you will shield me from danger and suffering.' ' Ay, will I, dearest, to the fullest extent of my power. If.unhappiness come3 to you through me it will be through my misfortune and not my fault.' She laid hor hand in his. 11 believe you,' she said, ' and I will trust you always because I know that you love me. Tell me that you love me.' ' I love you—yes—I love you,' he repeated, put tbere was but little romance in'his voice/ j That did not.troublo her,:however, she was as-happy us the birdsill spring." Clement Punraven, her.girlish ideal, was to be her husband,. her own, her very own. ' ; Lord Melbury would be pleased, Sir Louis yould be pleased, but none.pf them,as pleased as she herself,-she' thought; as she sat there, dlose to Clement's side, dreaming rather than talking of hep future happiness. -g; u:*r I Sours of the intenseat.pjeasure end at last, ljowever. Two men interested in a knotty point at whist began-to argue the matter out qt the door of the boudoir. AnotH&r; moment rfnd they would probably-come in to exemp Iify their meaning by the help of some cards yhich lay on the table. s One more hurried fervent kiss and the newly betrothed lovers started to their feet and prepared to join the throng ia the larger room. ■' ; To do so they had to paaa th& boudoir yindowy -which tvas open. For'a second'they atood inhaling tha fresh air and looking out into the starry night; Neither',of them, how ever, saw a pair of lustrous eyes, which were shining through the'foliage ' of an adjacent shrub. Had they done so what'changed issues might not their lives have known 1 But they passed on to their fate, and the owner of those dark splendid orbs passed on too, into the silent. night equally to meet her fate, whether A darker or lighter.one than Lady Gertrude's ivho shall say t'• ! For the moment Lady Gertrude's star seemed to be in thp ascendant, for was she not-Clement Dunraven's-promised wife 1 : As she had predicted,' Lord Melbury smiled his-gratified assent, and Sir Louis was so de lighted, he could scarcely keep his feelings under control. ' You have done well, my boy, splendidly well,' he. said, patting Clement on the shoulder. A thousand a year and the run of Aboyne Court, that is what you shall have as long as I am above the sod, and after that you will be the master. It won't be long, Clement,- it won't be long. i It was in order to be master of Aboyna Court and its income that Clement had con sented to ask Lady Gertrude to be his wife, yet it_ was scarcely a feeling of joy that rose in hi3 heart when he knew that he had won the trick. -Whilothe fiances ware standing talking to .Sir Louis,Pierce Vaughan came up with Miss fElvira Delane. They had just been dancing itogethar. ; Elvira took in the situation al a glance, ■and whispered to. Lady Gertrude. ' How idoe3a women feel when she has won 1 You ishall give me your exeriencea to-morrow. ; When I have heard them I shall either con gratulate or condole.' ! ' Pierce Vaughan said nothing, but he was not therefore ignorant as to what had happened ; on the contrary, he knew too ; well for,his pleasure, and beneath his calm, | inexpressive demeanour there lay buried. a fund of jealousy, revenge, and hatred of which; neither his uncle nor Clement could fail one day to feel the force and from which dainty- Lady. Gertrude herself would sufier more or-less. There-was no doubt that a tree . had' been , planted that night which.would be produc tive of much' fruit. What matter to Sir Lopisy who rubbed his hands ani. chuckled over his .work, .if the . berries, ,to be culled from it hereafter, would- be" often nauseous and even deadly to the taste. '-Pierce Vaughan, at odds with life, since he saw no chance of obtaining either Lady Gertrude's hand or the inheritance he had more than half . expected might be his, was the first to leave the ball. . Marriages have ere now been hindered. He would; cool his fevered brain, he thought, by walkingabouE the grounds that surrounded the house. . ^-^Aa-he strode along- he fait as , if-being juir «ued by a footstep. Pierce Vaughan was no belie.terjn'-ghosts,'yat -he -wis - "desperately inplined'to think that there was one neat him at that moment. He walked "on rapidly to the edge of a little - wood, in which he could see nothing for the foliage. Just as he reached.it.tha moon came out from. behind a cloui anfl.suiaealy and unexpectedly he and his pursuer saw each other as in full day. :'She was £ woman, clad in a long black cloak which concealed her form,, but her face he would.never forget, if he ever met her again he should know her.. - - He had no time to make icquaintance then; assuddenly as she appeared she departed, and ghost or reality, he saw her no more. : ' • (To be. continued.) 