I M«S. CmUTIjERS; ! A TALE OF A LADY'S CLUB. ftfiE was such a qutet little woman, BO W UlfferOnt irim&ttner;, dress, and appear once fpomthe other ladies who formed Hie En Cartes, that it wasalways a subject for much wonderment to newly-elected member* as to how Mrs. Carru tliers ever cam! to belong to such an institution,' It wain not that anybody threw doubts on the fact t>{ her being n lady by birlli and position. Her owiitauilly, and that -of her late.hiisbind; had held 4 .high place among Yorkshire folk of distinction, neither could the most inveterate. scandal-monger even .dream a word against a woman whose sense of rectitude had developed-into intolerance of other people's failings, and whose moral code was Written between the straighleet and narrowest of ruled liues. ' These mentat characteristics, added to a dowdily neat exterior, and a manner that was deprecating to meekness, weie, how ever, ell food for the curious minded, and invariably it tvas noticed that before a new member find joined a week she would inquire of someone else " Who'WAS that faded little dowdy I met on the stairs just now ? She actually went into the oard-room- under my very nose. She's somebody's maid, I suppose. But she ought to be told to kcc|) out of our sight." Then someone would volunteer that if vshe was a small thin woman, tfith eandy hair, going grey, pale eyes, and a nervouR manner, Mrc. Cnruthers Wfs her name, and ehe was a member of the club, and therefore had a perfect right to go where she pleased. ?"Mrs. Carruthers. And who may she be ? How did such a queer-looking creature ever get in here ?" And strong in the consciousness of smart gowns; fine diamonds, and a well- authenti cated position in the social scale, the new comer would generally draw herself up, and put an an injured air at the bare idea of being obliged to breathe the same air with a woman who apparently had neither carriages nor horses, no house in Mayfair, and no shooting-box in Scotland. " She is one of the original members, and I have a sort of idea that Lady Mayaford knew her and her husband when they -were well off." " I suppose she's very poor." "She certainly does not look as though she were endowed with too many of this world's goods, and I often wonder liow ehe manages to pay her subscription." " Oh I well. If you have that feeling about her it is not extraordinary that I should have bad doubts as to who she could be." That was bow people spoke of Mrs. Carrutbers. She did not go very often to the Gn Cartes. At the very outside she might enter its doors and find hor way to the long card-room once a week. But as often as not a month or six weeks would go by and the weak little lady with the smooth grey hair and Bale eyes, would not fee seen. When she did come she did not stay long, though she tried to appear as if she was in the habit of using the club habitually for the purpose of writing her letters and meeting her friends. It was like a little comedy to watch her arrive and go through the form of asking for letters, and then repairing to the writing-room to order a cup of tea, .while she went through the form of pretending to write letters and read the evening pajiev. But if you-watched her carefully you would see that she was feverishly excited, and fidgetted about like a lien on a bank while her brood of dqckliugs swam about. Indeed, the simile is not a bad one, as it was literally about a-bank 'that Mrs. Carru* there did fidget. In other words, Mr*. Car rotters was a confirmed gambler, in connter -distinction to a person who merely plays cdrds. There was real gambler's blood in her veins. She had always been one of those extraordinary persons to whom cards were as absinthe is to those who become a prey to it. Cards made a dif ferent Woman. of her. They brightened her up till she became almost pretty. When she touched them the blue reins shone through the white skin of her thHi small hands, her eyes sparkled, and instead of beingBlow, quiet,and nnreserved.shebecatne quick, vivacious, and impulsive. Since the establishment Of the club she had never played high, in the sense of staking) Inrge sums, and doi^tless to many she would have appeared merely a jjerson who, having a fiver or a tenner which ehe did not know what to do with, gave it a chance, as the saying is. To those, however, wild have studied gamblers she was obviously one of (hat large class who »H their lives have played for all they, have got, who are always goiiig for the gloves, and who «re never dis mayed by loss, but are convinced every time they lose that tbey are only one step nearer the end of (heir bad luck, and one step nearer the grand coup, tho one chance of their lives, when their luck must turn nnd they will sweep all before them. As wo know, this never happens, for the simple reason that tbey play with the idea of leav ing off when tliejr win, and when they win they follow theiHuck sniMose all, not being able to follow the money they have lost. Tlie luck of Mrs. C&rnithers; had turned as often as' anyone else's, but she never knew it, for if she tornetL a tenner into £300 she would not have the pluck to get up and go, and what site bad taken a whole night to bnild op, she would put down on the turn of a card only to see it swept sway the next minute, and she left withouteven her origi nal stake. It was by persistently playing this gnine that Mrs. C-arruthers never gave herself a" chance, And always ended by losing. The type is well- known to gamblers, and as long as the ace of spades is the unluckiost card in the pack there will be people who will spend their lives in losing tenners on the wholly impossible chance of some day or other winning' a large stake. Jndoed, though she never brought much at a time to the dub, one way and another at the end of . year tier losses were as large, if not larger, than anybody else's. Indeed, so persistent were her losses that (he members positively disliked to win her money, for, as Mrs. E. X. Hicks, the American,«Ud, "She ain't worth my money. Her fiver ain't no good to me if 1 win, and I'm standing to be shot for £5,000." It was about the end of October, when Society was beginningtocome back to town, (hat Mrs. Carrutbers turned up at the En Cartes Club one.night. She went (lirough her usual formula of inspecting the mem bers' book, ordering a cup of tea, writing a i letter or two, and casually turning over the j evening papers, and finally, after fussiugl about, inquiring casually, "Is anybody in tho card-room r Being answered io (he affirmative, she pretended to hesitate a moment and finally1 Sicked up her skirts and slowly ascended ie stairs and entered the long room where a bac&rat; table was in full swing. Lady firighllesea was in the bank, and the players were too ocoupied to take much notice of the arrival of Mrs. Caruthers. She commenced punting with two sovereigns and won, and leaving her -stakes down wan again. Withdrawing the £6 she had won. she commenoei again with her original s(«ke, and saw her' two sovereigns swept away. Sbe then pulldown eight and -was 'paid an eq>|al amount, and leaving it down found herself in pos session of £32 In a few seoonds. She withdrew it cautiously, and waited to see how the cards would go. '.The blink wonf and Mrs. Curra there felt olated at her own cleverness. She was evidently playing care fully, for again she made no slake, and again the bank won. The cjirds wore evidently hinning in triplets, and so she saw the bank Win again before she staked, and then she put down the whole £82 which she had won. She had done Wisely, and leaving down the £04 sheswept upthe£128 and waited. Again the bank lofct, so it was clear thrftriljleU were, exhausted, *T! so waiting a Jew iminutoe she saw the bank broken and the nfew bank »ut> ft*-* 'CniTUtUers bid £16, and finally took it for £110. She was in gmt iuok. The bank had it all its own way. Where it lbit at all It was only on one aide. When it won il wept tlie table, and, what with the former casual.pickings, Bnd a final run of six. though U»e play Whs small, and money seemed source, the croupier had some £1,200 of Mrs. Carruthers's winnings in front of lier. 'flie banker looked right and left before dealing the cards. On one aide the stakes weie £6, and oil tlie other £7. Sue hesitated a moment before throwing op tlie cards. In that moment Mi*. Decaine eald "Calico.'! Mrs. C&rrullier;* hesitated another moment, dealt, and looking at her cards,said- 1 "1 give V' .. If yoii please. She dealt six to Mrs. Decline and seven to herself. \- " Nine," said Mrs. Decaine. " J1*h cartta," replied the banker. She dealt again, and again said .' " I give I" The answer was s '* No, thank you. Mrs. Decaine was obviously standing on five, -eix, or seven. In that moment Mi^ Cioirut'.iers cursed the temptation she had yielded to, and nhe drew a seven. " Six," said Mrs. Decaine. Mns. (5»irullfers calmly turned lier card and replied in a ghost of a voice, " Bac. ' She rose quietly from lier seat and saw Mrs. Uecainc curry off tlie £2,200 she had won by staking i'i, and Iiad lost by being too greedy. She left the room as quietly as slie Iiad enloied it, and tlien the game went on. . Mrs. Decaine took the bank for £100, and the noble army of punters started to try and {jet a bit buck. Play had proceeded about ten minutes when the Marchioness ot May fair entered, and said : " t beg pardon, Mrs. Decaine, (or inter rupting, but somebody lias been larking, and I am ill a hurry, as I have to fetch my husband nl' Hie House,' and I am late." " Well, what's the matter 1" " Somebody has tried to frighten me by biding my tiara. Who is it, now 1 Come, give it up. I have four parties to do, and I shan't be in bed till four, so X haven't time for joking." ... Everybody waited for the somebody to speak, but there was dead silence. "Come, come," said Lady Mayfair, "a joke's a joke, and I have had my fright." Nobody s)>oke, and the DuchesB of slate ton rang the bell. Wheu the servant entered, she said " Tell Madame Bkasi to come here." The punters left tlie tAble and gathered round tlie fire. Presently Madame Skazi entered. .... "Hood erening, Skazi Lady Maylair laid down lier tiara in tlie dressing-room and it has gone. You had better see that nobody leaves the club, and have the ser vants up,, and we can search them before the police are called up. Any other members who may be in the club, for form's sake hod better come up too." SksEi looked stupefied, but went off. In a few seconds MM. Carruthere walked in and quietly shut tlie door. " I was leaving the club, but It was rain ing, and they could not get me a cab, when Madame Skazi came down and ordered the club to be closed and the servants to come ap and'be searched. You need not doubt the servants. It was I who took your tiara." The half-dozen women assembled round the fire turned sharply at the words, and faced-MM. Carrulhers.' In lier dowdy-brown stiff gown,' and with her timid, shrinking air, more marked than usual, she seemed eo utterly incapable of any action requiring either thought or decision, that tlie Marchioness of Mayfair almost laughed. Not quiet, though, for held out before her, in the |>alc, thin fingers,and glittering in the firelight, was tlie lost tiara. " You took it, Mrs. Carruthers. You, the " "Finish the sentence, Lady Mayfair. I am the (liitf" He white tace flushed eseUe said the void. \- " This is scarcely a time for jesting,_ Mrs. Catruthers. "She original joke of hiding it was not a good one if you will pardon me for saying so, but really it is scarcely improved by this eilly confession." _ " It is very kind of you to give me ft chance ot getting out of It, Lady Mayfair, but I cannot accept it. 1 stole your'tiara, I uie«ut to keep it and sell it. I was prevented from Retting away, and I came ? to restore it aud to throw myself on your mercy." " You are cv&zy;, Mrs. Cmnthere." "I know I ain, or at any rate I was, and I want yuu tn think so, and to forgive me1 for what I difl when I wa6 mad, now that I confess when I am "Sane, quite so," " No, ' found out" is the word." " You really mean to say you stole this j not intending to return it! " ] "I did." * "In heaven's name, why i" I "Because to-night I have lost my last, cliancc of ie;toring what I have stolen Jor years and Kjient anigng you. It may not have been much to yow, but. it was my »H-' I do not blame you - -it was my own fault, j I thought 1 saw a cliRnce of making what would be a little fortune to me. I saw others do it almost every night I came, and so little by little I have drawn out my son's | fortune with the idea of giving Mm my; winnings. To night I made the last effort. ] To-morrow he comes of age and receives his; commission only to learn that he is a beggar, arid his mother is a thief." The poor woman foil on her knees sob bing, " I did it for the best, think what my punishment will be, and forgive me for my son's take. 1 have wronged him enough. 1 was mad, forgive me. Forgive me for bis j It was a truly pitiable sight to see the poor woman sobbing on the floor as if her heart would break, and It was apparent everyone pitied Iter for the uiad infatuation which bad brought her into such a condition. Lady Mayfair took in the general feeling at a glance, and lifting her from the floor, led her away. . . .. Hardly Iiad they left tlie room when the Duchess of Mnrston said -. ' " It seemB to me obvious that we cannot have any scandal, and also that as ladies we cannot keep this boy's money. Personally, I iiity the womatj, who seems 'really aorry. We must think what is the best thing to be done under the circumstances." The next day Mrs. Carruthers received the following letter MADAME, -The committee of En Cartes Club beg to accept your resigna tion, and in doing so consider you should draw out your son's fortuno which you have invested for him in the concern. They, however, had some time back placed in the hands of Messrs. R . tlie well-Jtnown financiers, to whom they explained the circumstance^ the sum of £3,000. They very kindly consented to accept the sum invested for your son in 7 per cent, debenture stock, which is redeemable in five years at £110. He will thus be in receipt of £410 a year, "and at the end of five yean will have tlie coupons', which shall be forwarded to blm, at£#,800 -7'Ae Hmvk. WHAT DREAMS SIGNIFY. To dream of a millstone around your neck , is a sign of what you may expeot «1 yon get an extravagant wife. When a young lady dreams of a coffin it betokens that she should Instantly glvp up Jaoing her slays tighUy and always go warmly and thickly shod in wot weather. To dream of a fire i? a sign that, if you are wise, you will see that Mie lights in your house are all safely out before you eo to bed. To dream that your nose is red at the tip is a warning that yon had better leave off brandy and water. " If theio is anything I dislike," said Blig gms as the Editor returned kit mttv effort, «* it's a man who won't take a joke. It is never too Ute to mend. This is wlijr the cobbler new bp ym bfftf aw* At *M ' v; A . v V 