it Extraordinary Story. Selector's Hut Haunted; The Spook Speaks. About three years ago (spys tho Dubbo Dispatch) Peter Stein, a hard- headed, practical, frugal Gorman, sold property hepossosaediu thelVaggaWagga distriot, anjl, with his family, came to Dubbo in search of land. IIo and his son Jacob, a young man now 28 years of age, took up two areas of 2,600 acres each on tho Coalbaggio. The selections aro on tho South Dalladoran run, and rathor isolated. Jacob's selection is on the southern part of tho run, and there was, when it was taken up, on old hut upon it. In this at first livod tho family, consisting of Mr. and Mrs. Peter Stein, two adult eons, tyro adult dnughtors, and five youngor children. "With tho family a young man named Daley came into the district. He had boen reared by the Steins, and was as ono of tho family. Ho was much attached to them and they to him. Jacob determined to build on the sito of the hut, while Peter commenced tho erection of a com modious residence on his land, about 3 miles away. The Steins were, however, no sooner settled down — the father and family in their new house, and Jacob at his hut, than thoy heard at night strange voices, loud cooey- ings, and awful soreamings.. Think ing that they proceeded from either belated travellers ' or homeward proceeding selectors, moro merry than sensible, they took littlo notice of thom. These Bounds wore only hoard at in tervals — a fortnight or throe weeks inter vening between their occurrence. Thoy, however, took place eo regularly — for they were at one timo heard at Jacob Stein's, and again at the father's — that the idea of noisy roysterers, making night hidoous with their noises, was given up. About 18 months ago there were furthor developments, and, accord ing to the family, . strange mani festations. The furniture in Potor Stein's house became as possessed. It jumped about in all directions, and on one occasion the crash of crockery was something decidedly extraordinary and uncanny. Mrs. Stein woe baking in the kitchen ono day, and after she had her dough prepared to be placed in the oven an invisible hand oaught it up and tossed it on the floor. These things, or akin to them, havo kept on from then till now, but with the furthor development that the person responsible — whether spirit of Heaven or goblin damned — has frequently interviewed, and has had conversations with the several members of the family. Evidently the presence is not of theregular type, for it does not wait tilt the " witch ing hour when graveyards yawn and ghosts troop forth," but comos along in broad daylight, and talks to a family, who are now somewhat terrified, as may well be imagined.' In reply to a question from Peter Stoin, the invisible visitor has Baid \that his name is George "William Herbert, and that his mother, who was named Annie, and his sister, who was called Julia, were burned to death on the South Balladoran run — that his father died in the Oootamundra hospital 18 years ago — that he (tho speaker) had been hit upon the head and left for dead on the road — that he had been saved — and had subsisted upon herbs and weeds. Upon being asked to show himself by the elder Stein he replied that if ho did those who saw him would faint, for they, had novor seen anything liko him before. According to the Steins — and all, from the father to the youngest child, tell the same round unvarnished tale — the visitor sometimes speaks in a gruff msnlv voice and sometimes as softly as a womaa — indeed it would be diffioult to distinguish his voice from a girl's. The logs about the place seem to know when it is coming — although the Steins cannot see it—they appear to have that power, for they hark furiously, and one particular dog goes nearly wild with fear and excitement. About a fortnight ago things reached a olimar, and the invisible one performed \- —i— t. „„4. aU ifciUUe Ut JJiUUfeO. Ab uuou ouuiuuuu mo and knives about with tho graee of an Indian juggler, and upset pots, chairs, and other urticles of domestic economy. One night, whilo the family were enguged reciting the Ito6ary — they aro lloman Catholics, and retfiia the simple devotional habitB of the Ehineland — the table round which they knelt was suddenly lifted towards tho celling and then allowed to come down with a heavy thud. So annoyinghave been tho manifestationsthat the young fellow who camo from "Wugga Wagga with the Steins has left the place. Another man named Bowden, employed by them, haB also left, saying thut if he were given the selection he would not live thore. The wholo thing is certainly mysterious, but, however the sceptical may be inclined to laugh at it, there is not, our informant states, tho slightest doubt that every ono of the family thoroughly believes, what lie tells, and each, from the youngest child to the father of the family, has the same story to tell. Mrs. ' Stein, who is un English lady, with no tendenoy to tho superstitious, is as con vinced as Bho is of her existence that the plaoe is haunted. A fow days ago, at Peter Steiu's request, tho Very llov. Father Byrne visited the selection, and though during the night and day he spent thoro he saw or heard nothing, he investi gated as far aB possiblo tho aifuir, and is thoroughly satisfied that the Steins aro believers that they arc being annoyed by a power which can act materially, talk like a man or woman, all the time being invisible. The affair is extraordinary, and ft soarohing inquiry ahould take place. 