CURRENT TOPICS. WEATHER.— Heavy rain fell almost con- tinuously during Wednesday . night, and up to about six o'clock yesterday morning. Fine, bright weather prevailed through out the remainder of the day, and there was every appearance of the continuance of the fine weather, as thu barometer was rising fast. At 9 a.m. yesterday the fol- lowing rainfa 1 was registered:-Laun- ceston, 24 points ; Tamar Heads, 15; Remine, 10; Waratah, 21; Corinna, 44; Oatlands, 42; Avoca, 18; Gould's Country, 7; Swansea, 40; Apslawn, 47; Circular Head. 2. The forecast for to.day ib-Mode- rately fine, misty on coast, with light to fresh west and south-west witds. Our Hobart correspondent wired last night: Beautiful weather has prevailed in the city today, but reports from the country districts state that wintry atmosphere prevails. At Clarence Plains last night a heavy fall of hail took place, some of the stones being as large as Indian corn. The storm seems to have been confined to one township alone. ENGLISH MAILS.—The mails ex R.M.S. Marsilia were delivered in Melbourne yes- terday morning. The Tasmanian portion vere despatched per a. Gleneig, which left at 11 a.m. for Devonport, and the vessel is expected to reach there at noon to-day. The mails will leave by the 2.10 p.m. train, and arrive here at 6 p.m., a delivery being made at the Post-office about eight o'clock. STDY OF THE GOSPELS.—The Rev. A. W. Robinsou, M.A., missioner, gave his second lecture at the Holy Trinity Church last evening on the subject, "How to study the Gospels." After speaking of the advantage of possessing, not simply one account of our Lord, but several, which they can combine so as to gain a picture of stereoscopic clearness, showing Him just as he was, the lecturer proceeded to consider more particularly that aspect of Christ's office and character which is pre- sented by St. Mark. The second gospel, though the shortest of all, was as plainly distinguished as either of the others by its independence and definiteness of aim. The traditional opinion that St. Mark was in a great measure the mouthpiece of St. Peter, and that he wrote for Roman readers, was shown to be strongly sup- ported by what they were able to gather from the contents and character of his book. The Roman was intensely practical. He took little interest in vexed questions of religious controversy, and had little faculty for philosophic speculation. He asked for facts, and was prepared to admire whatever was really great and strong. St. Mark's narrative was full of vivid detail and graphic incident. Christ as set forth in it was not the teacher so much as the divinely in- spired worker; indeed the whole of this Gos- pel was contained in a nutshell in St.Peter's words to the Roman Cornelius, " God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power, who went about doing good and healing all that were pos- sessed of the devil, for God was with Him." In many respects the temperament of English people resembled that of those for whom St. Mark was specially writing. Our age was not really sceptical; it was too much in earnest for that. It was exceed- ingly practical. As long, therefore, as men felt that life was for action, and that the chief blessing to be desired was the guidance at d the power which might enable them to use it well, so long would vigorous hearts beat in response to this inspiring message of the great Worker and Deliverer, who claims, as none other, the loyal devotion of their souls. Mr Robinson will discourse at St. Paul's Church this evening at 7.30. DEATH BY DROWNING..—A child named Davis, aged two years, was drowned in the tail-race of Mr Gray's water wheel channel at Campbell Town yesterday morning. It appears (states our own correspondent) that E the child was playing in the vicinity and fell in, and must have been in the water 10 or 15 minutes before discovered. The youngster was taken out of the water as quickly as possible and removed to the police office, which is close at hand, and every effort made to restore animation, but without effect. Dr. Tofft was in atten- dance. It is not considered that an inquest will be necessary. TABLEAUX VIVALTS -This evening, at the Holy Trinity school-room, an enter- tainment will be given comprising musical selections and tableaux vivants The con- certs which have recently been given in the school-room have been so thoroughly successful and erjoyable that it is ex- pected that the entertainment, having the additional attraction of living pictures, will prove a draw. Bisnor blo'nwooEY.-On Sunday after- noon Bishop Montgomery will conduct confirmation service at Holy Trinity, com- mencing at four o'clock. In the evening his Lordship will preach at St. George's Church, Invermay. ILLNESS FROM IATrIN CusEsa.—At the meeting of the Westbury Board of Health yesterday, a circular was submi ted from Mr A. Mault, secretary of the Central Board of Health, containing particulars of several cases of illness, with symptems of poisoning, after eating cheese, and the results of the labours of the Givernment Analyst in searching for the poison that had caused the illness. The er quirice that were carried out led to the conclusion that tyrotoxicon-a special poison sometimes found in cheesy- seemed to be indicated by the symptoms, but the analyst re- marked in reference to one cheese for- warded for examination that its condition differed from that of cheese known to con- tain this peculiar product of decomposition, as it did not " yield an acid fluid when cut," nor "give an acid aqueous extract ;" also it was eaten freely by mice, apparently without inc-nveuieLce, although " dogs and cats refused to eat cheese containing tyrotoxicon." The circular concludes :— " The only practical suggestions that can be given to cheese-makers are to exercise the greatest care and cleanliness in the manufacture, and in especial to see that all mouldy curd is rigorously excluded; and to cheese-eaters, to avoid partaking of cheese that exudes acid watery matter, and that readily becomes mouldy. W.C.T.U.-The monthly meetine of the Woman's Chris'ian Temperance Union took place on Wednesday afternoon, and was well attended. Mrs Blair (colonial president) took the chair in the Absence of Mrs Hart (local president). Five cottage meetings have been held during the month, and this branch of the work is steadily increasing. Literature has also been distributed amongst the sailors, cabmen, and railway men; prisoners have also been visited by the superintendent of that department. One of the vice-presi dents from the Beaconsfield Union who was present expressed her pleasure at the excellent attendance and the warm interest manifested in the work by the Launceston members. The meeting was closed with prayer and the benediction. ST. ANDREW'S LITERARY ASSOCIATION. -Stray papers were the items of last night's discussion by the members of this society. There was a good attendance, and several well written papers came under criticism. "The binding of a soul," "Flowers," " Conversation," and " Bor rowing" were the subjects dealt with. As these essays were contributed anonymously to the secretary, and only opened at the meeting, the remarks were impromptu, and it was evident that the lady members had availed themselves largely of the oppor tunity of writing the papers. The Rev. John Lyle, M.A.. occupied the chair. BAND cF HorE.-The usual monthly meeting of ithe Chalmers Church Band of Hope took place last evening, when there was a large attendance, Mr D. Storrer pre- siding. The following took pert in the programme : -Misses Jackson, Fulton, ItI'Lacblin, and Pike; Messrs Fysh, Brit ten, Ralph, Symmouds, Pollinton, and Kersiake. FOLEY, TuE FUN-oeAsrsE.-LaSSt evening the BijI u Theatre was again crowded with an appreciative audience to witness Mr J. D. Foley's third performance. All the items were received with the heartiest applacee, and various numbers had to be repeated. The character sketches, musical and ventriloquiel items were all given with Mr Foley's characteristic energy. To-n-ight Mr and Mrs Foley give a grand farewell performance, when a special programme will be presented and several novel features introduced- No doubt another large atten dance will greet this popular performer, who has so firmly established himself in popular favour. NEW MUSIc -We have received from the composer, Maud Fitz-Stubbe, a copy of her latest production eutitl d the"Ortaudo Waltz." It ls a very melodious and effe0 tive composition end a rorthy successor to the popular " Heather Waltz " by the same composer. The fact that ii has reached a sixth edition should speak volumes in its fasvouc. The hoindeome frontispiece alone with its dedication to Rear-Admiral Bowden-Smith should in duce some of our mucic- loving friends to indulge in a copy. Messrs A. W. Birchall and bonesiare the local agents. TAsSIASIAN AuaucuLTUresAL AceOCsA *rroN.-¶Lhe date for the annual horse parade held under the auspices of this association has been fixed fcr Wednesday, September 26. TheExeminierand Tasmanian | trophy will be presented in connection with the class for the best lady's hack ridden by a lady conditionally upon there being six eotsies. SnAcer DUTIEx ONs RxCEervs.-The to) lowing circular from the Hobart Chamber of Commerce wee circulated among morn bers of the House of Aesembly on Wedner day :-" We, the members of the Hobart Chamber of Commerce, having considered, in meeting aceembled, the psoposals of the0 hion. the Treasurer to re-impoce (in a more objectionable form to the mercantile community than formerly) the stamp duties upon receipts, respectfully desire to bring under your notice and consideration the following resolution which was passed: -, That in the opinion of this Chamber of Commerce the prop osed stamp duties upon receipts, should ho uniform, viz, Id for receipts, amounting to 20s and upwards.' As far as can be ascertained no suesh ccl -valerenm (to a certain degree) stamp receipt duty is in force elsewhere, the following being the duty at various places; Great Britain, £2 and upwards, Id New South Wales, £2 an4 upwards, 2d; Victoria, £2 and upwards, Id; Western Australia, £2 and upwards, Id; Fiji, £2 and upwards, id; Queens land, £1 and upwards, Id; South Aus tralia, nit (to 1893). Cheques drawn for the payment of accounts are already sub. ject to a stamp duty of id, the receipt for the same account will have to be stamped also; so that 2d will be collected upon the one amount, which your petitioners con sider quite auffi.ient. Differential stamp duties as proposed will lead to confusion, annoyance, and perhaps evasion, and the amount expected by the hon. the Treasurer is not likely to be raised. The tax pro- posed is a tax that will be felt almost solely by the mercantile community. For these and other reasons your petitioners pray that their resolutions will have your favourable consideration." The house subsequently, on the casting vote of the speaker, adopted a graduated instead of a uniform rate. PLENTY RAILWAY MYSTERY.-Superir- tendent Beresford, who was engaged at New Norfolk all day Wednesday in con- matien with the Plenty railway case, returnAd to town by the express in the evening. While at New Norfolk, states the Mercury, he held a lengthy consults tion with Superintendent Phillips, of the Derwert Valley district, and collected additioral important information which was to have been pus in official form and submitted to the Commissioner of Police yesterday. Further action in the matter will then rest with the authorities. Dr. Reid, of Nov Norfolk,who has been attend iug the ganger Hollingsworth, has ampu- tated his patien.'s wounded finger at the second joint. At precut Hollingsworth is on sick leave from the Railway Department. The affair has caused a great deal of excitement in the district, and though the proverbial nine days are approaching com- pletion the inhabitants have not yet shown signs of again settling quietly down to their ordinary pursuits, but, on the contrary, ventilate all sorts of wild and speculative theories as to how, why, and by whom the line was interfered with. Scrupulous care has boon taken by the police in the compilation of their report, and countloes views and opinions of Ice-el residents have given place to all available information approaching the geauine ring of fact. STONE THROWING.—The practice of boys throwing stones in the streets often leads to serious results. Shortly after noon yes terday in Upper York-street soveral boys returning from school were indulging in this bad practice, and one of them threw a stone which struck a young man driving a grocery cart on the left side of the head, inflicting a nasty cut. It is h erdly neces sary to draw attention to the fact that youngsters caught in the act are liable to a severe punishment for this offence, and that in tie interest of public safety this fact should be pressed on the attention of youngsters. deriouc consequences might have resulted from the thoughtless act above referred to, and the boy can only "bless his stars" that he escaped. A UNIQUE OFFENCE.-A young man named Water Odmond Haywood, lately carrying on business as a tailor at Young (N.S.W.), was indicted at the Sydney Criminal Court (says the Daily Telegraph) for having, within four months prior to the compulsory sequestration of his estate, left the colony with money (£20) which should have been divided among his creditors. On April 18 Haywood left Sydney and went to Adelaide. His estate was sequestrated in Sydney, in his absence, and on June 14 he was arrested in Adelaide, and brought back to New South Wales. Prior to his leaving Young, the accused made arrangements for the sale by auction of certain stock and furniture, the pro- coeds of which were to be sent to him at Melbourne by a friend, less a sum to be forwarded to his wife, who was living at Goulbourn. The proceeds (£39) have, however, been secured for the creditors of the estate. The defence was that Hay wood intended to return and meet his creditors. The jury, on the recommenda- tion of the Judge, found the accused guilty of "preparing" to leave the colony with property to the value of £20. Mr Justice Stephen said that as this was the first prosecution of the kind which had taken place in the colony, he would not pass a severe sentence on the prisoner, but the conviction would serve to show persons who got into financial difficulties that they must remain in the colony and face them, instead of "loventing" else where from their creditors. He sentenced Haywood to six months' imprisonment, with hard labour. M'NEILL's MISSION.-The Rev. John M'Neill, the Scotch missionary, continues to draw immense crowds in Melbourne. " We'll need to drop something," said Mr M'Neill to the meeting of businees men in the Town Hall on Tuesday, "sEO I think I'll drop the collection." After the up. plause and laughter had ceased lhe aid- d, " But 1'il take care to get level with yen before the week's done." There was a tremendous audience, the body of the hall being so completely packed with men that, viewed from the front, it seemed a mosaic pavenment of heads with gray tufts and bare shining spots predominant. Mr M'Neilt's text was " When Danie1 knew that the decree was signed." Daniel, he -pointed out., did not pit his poswer as a Jewish statesmen against that of his enemies, and fight them with their own weapons, but " prayed to God as lhe Sdid aforetime." So Daniel's enemies were ea ct into the den of liens-" and they Shaven'e been heard of since." Thus, in a \- series of anti-climaxes, Mr M'Neill pro sentod his view of conduot. " You would give a lot," he said, " for some simple solu- tion of the perplexities of life. I'll give it to you for nothing; it's faith in God-the recipe of a man who found it work Daniel." Religion, some of them, said had nothing to do with buciness. Religion wouldn't keep them out of trouble-on rhe contrary, it would get them into trouble; but it would do mcrn than that-it would get them out of trouble again-on the side next to heaven. " The fear of the Lord," said the preacher, " is the* beginning of wisdom, and that's why some of you haven't struck it yet. You're sick of your neighbour's health. Envy hates the ex- cellence it can't reach, and he's getting on too well for your comfort." "Do you re member chasing buttesfiles when you were a boy I"' said Mr M'Neill; then added, as an afterthought, " Were you ever a boy ? When you grabbed the butterfly he wasn't there-so with the devil and Daniel." "Have you ever seen a dog chase a bird ?"' he went on; " then follow the bird's ex- ample-rise up to Heaven in the emer- gency, and leave the dog standing with astonishment expressed at both ends." TEN SuperIor Jackets and Mantles at less than involse. Ms~talsssi Jackets, 55a and 110e, are now 388 6id and 75s. Pln~h Jackets. Trimmed Beaver, 77s, 115s, reduced to 55s and \- 0SO. Malalassi and Plush Mantles, 73a and 100s, now 48e, and 70s, J. H. Ronor, 186. Brisbane-street. CROWN'S PREFERENTIAL CLAUSE.—What constitutes the Crown's preferential claim to money in a bank which has suspended payment was the subject of discussion be- fore the Victorian Full Court on Tuesday, in a case of the Queen v. the Bank of Victoria. A suit had been started in rela- tion to the estate of the late Nicholas Chadwick, and the testator was ordered to pay the money arising from the estate to the Master in Equity. In pursuance of that decree a sum of £2170 was paid to the Master, who finally caused the money to be placed in the hands of the Treasurer at the credit of the Suitors' Fund. In December, 1889, the court ordered that the Master should be at liberty to invest the amount on different securities, in cluding deposit receipts in banks. The money was accordingly transferred from the Treasury account to the Bank of Vic- toria, and deposit receipts issued in the name of the Master in Equity. The latter now attempted to assert a claim for priority, on the ground that it was Crown money. The point which the court had to decide was whether the fact of the money having been paid into the Treasury to the Suitors' Fund account, and having been paid thence by the Treasurer to the fank of Victoria, the deposit receipts being made out in the name of the Master in Equity, was sufficient to c-nstitute it Crown money within the meanirg of the act. The court reserved its decision. UNLAWFUL EXPOSURE.—An interesting point in criminal law was argued before the Victorian Fall Court on Tueeday (states the Argus) upon a case reserved by tho Chief Justice, in the matter of the Q seen v. Koebcke. Mr Finlayson ap peared for the Crows, and the prisoner, Koeboke, was unrepresented, owing, as he said, to his not being able to pay his counsel a fee of £10, in addition to what he had paid him at the trial. Koeboke had been tried before the Chief Justice in May, on a charge of having "exposed" the child of Ada Hicks, a woman who was convicted of a similar offence at the same sittngs. The evidence showed that Koe- boke was not the father of the child, but it appeared that in order to help Hicks to get rid of it he, in in com- pany with his wife, drove the child and its mother in a buggy to a place near the Toorak railway station. Hicks and Koebcke got out of the buggy, and she placed the child near a lamp post, where it would be certain to attract the notice of some passer by ; Koeboke moved the child a little so that the light would shine on it. The question for the court to determine was whether any person other than the father or mother of an infant could be charged with abandoning or exposing it. The Chief Justice in giving judgment said that the prisoner, though not the father, and owing no obligation to the child, drove to the place and actively shared in the exposure, He was, therefore, an accessory in the second degree, and would be a person who had 'unlawfully exposed" the child within the meaning of the Crimes Act. The con viction would consrq. e-stlyabe affi-mad. Koebcke was then removed to gaol to undergo the sentence of two years' im- prisonment which had previously been passed upon him. A NOVEL LOTTERY.-The depression has spread to the French aristocracy. The blue blood of the ancies regime is feeling the pinch of poverty. At least so it would appear when a viscount offers his hand and title as the principal priza in a lottery he is getting up to provide himself with a little pocket money. The advertisement appears in several French newspapers, and no doubt the tickets-only 20', or about 16s 81 each will sell " like hot cakes." The winner is to have the option of taking or leaving this impecunious aristocrat. If she declines to become Madame Ia Vicomtesse she is to be paid half the .£4000 the lottery is expected to realise. He himself has no option in the matter. If the winner should possess none of the cardinal virtues and all the cardinal vices, should be decrepit and virtuous or young and vicicus, beau- tiful as a dream or hideous as a night mare, marry her he must; for of course a man of the viscount's delicacy of feeling would never think of being dishonourable enough to back out of a bargain. But why didnr's he put himself up at auction ? The American heiresses, who from all accounts look upon London and Paris as happy hunting grounds for titled hus- bands, would have "run him up" to big figures. And after all he would only have been doing openly what hundreds of hard up aristocrats do in almost as barefaced a way in society, selling a name to the highest bidder.-Age. HIS OWN DEATH NOTICE.-" Touch- stone" writes:-In the Australasian of Saturday last the following appears under the heading, "answers to correspondents." " J.B.' (New Zealand).-Mr J. G. Joyce was known not as a stage manager but as a character actor, his last appearance on the Melbourne stage being in " A Miner's Daughter" with Miss Carrie Swain some seven years since. Later he embarked in mining speculations, and died about two years ago." Mr J. G. Joyce the actor referred to is at present alive and in Laun- ceston. True he has disappeared from the stage for some years owing to the hand of misfortune having fallen heavily upon him. He was one of the leading characters of Australasia when the blow came, and failing health and financial loss compelled him to relinquish his profession. The dis- appearance of such a prominent performer from the stage evidently led to the surmise that he was dead. A number of lovers of the drama and admirers of a good actor in Launceston are interesting themselves in the getting up of a performance on behalf of Mr Joyce in the city. A strong pro- gramme is in course of preparation, and the entertainment will he given in St. Francis Xavier's schoolroom, kindly granted by Dean Beechinor, on Tuesday evening next. The price of admission has been fixed at one shilling, and a crowded house is anticipated. FASCINATED WITH INDIA — Mrs Annie Besant, who is coming to Australia on a lecturing tour, seems to have been par- ticularly fascinated with India. This is one of the many things she says :— " Nothing deeper and loftier can he offered to the Brahmin in religious plilosophy than his Vendanta, nothing more sublimely spiritual than his Upanishads, nothing more nobly moral than his fiagavad Gita, and other teachings in his Mehabbarata, nothing more exquisitely satisfying to the religious emotions than the Avataras of Rama and Krishna, and the enterer glories of Maheshvara. Why, then, seek to con- \- vert him? " MR G. L. MEREDITH, agent for Messrs J. H. Gaddes and Co., has forwarded to this office a copy of the pamphlet called " The Woolly Festival," which was noticed in these columns on Monday last. OPERATOR in charge of lbshe al te'egrsph office notified yesterday :-Perth (W.A.) advises: Post and telegraph offices opened at Beaconsfield, suburb of Fremantle, and at North Perth. 