SOCIAL GOSSIP. VANITY FAIR. ST J.M.D. LONDON, Nov. 30. What promised to be an exceedingly pro lific lawsuit has just been settled by arrange ment, almost before it commenced. A well known man about town named Seaton, who has promoted and managed various short-lived clubs, the Field Clab among them, sued the executors of the late George A. Baird for £15,000, balance of a sum alleged to be owing to Seaton when "Oar Abingdon" died in New Orleans. Mrs. Langtry was in the vicinity of the court when the case was called, and aeemed very well pleased by the news that it had been settled. All the sensational counsel of the day were retained, lira. Langtry had been named ub a probable witness. Her cross-examination would have dispelled the gloom of a London December. The most absurd versions of this abortive lawsuit are afloat. It is said that Baird on one occasion made a present of £40,000 in money, securities, or jewels, to a friend by way of atonement for having violently beaten the friend in question. Subsequently, repenting of his lavish generosity, Baird consulted Seaton, a man of infinite nerve and resource, and finally bargained with him. to give him half the amount which he wight be able to recover from the recipient of the £40,000. Seaton, according to the romance, actually managed to get back the whole of the money or the securities, and handed it to Baird, who gave him £5,000 on account. Before the balance was paid Baird died. Therefore Seaton came down on the executors. The whole story is of course an invention. What is certain is that somebody has money to satisfy the plaintiff. Another great case in the* Divorce Court has just been concluded in a fashion worthy of the millionaire. The Queen's Proctor intervened to npset the divorce granted some months ago to Miss Edith Chester, an actress, late wife of Haiti well Carew. The Queen's Pioctor alleged connivance, collusion, and so on. All ended delightfully. Even "the villain," the Queen's Proctor, repented at the last, withdrew every thing, and was forgiven by the judge, the emotional special jury, and the public. Haltiwel! Carew, I fancy, I have described, before at the time of the divorce and the assault which he committed on Brandon Thomas. A few years ago Carew succeeded to an income of £7,000 a year. He has done some big game ehooting in Africa. In 1887 he married Miss "Edith Chester," a prettj and amiable actress, daughter of Mr. Gellibrand, formerly Advocate-General at Madras. Carew became one of the leading spirits of the Lyric Club. He was not suited for domestic and married life and quarrels early took place between him and his wife. Her friends, that is to say everybody, bring against Carew the now customary charges in such cases. What is admitted on all sides is that a Mrs. Seymour intervened early to cause strife. She bears a curious resem blance to Miss Edith Chester, an accident often ntilised on the stage. Whether Carew adored Miss Chester because she was like Mrs. Seymour, or Mr?. Seymour because she was like Miss Chester ia not clear. They are both golden-haired, and both wear innocent and winning smiles. The Queen's Proctor | averred that from the very day the divorce was granted Mr. and Mrs. Carew continued on the most friendly terms, dined together, and otherwise ignored the legal proceeding^ Some witnesses spoke to their dining to gether, but here Mrs. Carew's strange like ness to Mrs. Seymour oomes in. It is held | that Carew and his friends dined with Mrs. Seymoor, not with Miss Chester, on these occasions. A really original character, an old Irish Roman Catholic cook, who im plored. Miss Chester to take her late husband back because the Church abhorred divorce, gave evidence. The whole proceedings in this case tended to the greater glory of the stage. An officer of the Life Guards named ElliBon went into the witneaa-box to de monstrate that .he had , bad the honour of Miss Edith Chester's acquaintance, and offered, his theory of this im portant case with great unction. Lady James Douglas, widow of one of the Mar quis of Queensbury's uncles, volunteered her opinion also, in order to put on record the fact that Miss Chester had stayed with her in' SoOtland. Mrs. Seymour is supposed to have carried Carew off somewhere . to marry him by force. She is asortoi South Kensington adventuress of the better sort. The' Queen's Proctor filled up (he cup of his iniquities by finally brincing a charge of mis conduct against Miaa Edith Chester herself after the decree was granted, A Thames house boat called Ye Marye was brought on , the scene, and, two ser vants came forwakd to swear thattWtyad deen Miss Edith Chester and a new character, Mr. Loftus Eatle, sitting close to each other on termsof theatrical friendahio. This wit too roach for the judge and the special juiy. The? restrained themselves .sufficiently to allow'Miss Edith Chester to enter the wit neea-lwx to bewitch the whole Court, counsel solicitors, and reporters included, and to deny everything. Then Mr. Justice Barnes and the special juxy simply looked at Montagu Crackentborpe, who was for the Qneen's Proctor, as much as to, oak whether he wasn't ashamed of him" aelf! Montagu Crackenthorpe was aaha|ned of himself, and at once withdrew, all his charges in the handsomest manner. They ear that Edith Chester's idea is to get married again. Loftus1 Earle, by % *»y, ^figured in the Clancarty divoroe ca8e. It waB he who indignantly denounced "Murray" Wood for mentioning at the Lyric bar that he and Lord Dunk* bad tossed a coin, heads or tails, for the right to marry Mss Bilton-* muoh more sensible plan, of course, than fighting a duel about her. Some taint sensation has been caused here by the circumstantial report of Madeline Smith's death to Australia, coupled with de tails of the miscellaneooa husbands she had there. The manufacture of timely falsehoods of this kind by local - reporters js agood sign; it evidences the growth ,of civilisation and' enterprise. The United States bave long been ahead - of other nations in the publrea-: tion of untrue paragraphs about eminent persons hailing from a great distance. Scarce a town of any importance in America but had a descendent of Shakspeare, a grandson of Dickens, a cousin of Alfred Tennyson living, generally in poverty, there. I always ex pected that Madeline Smith wonld die most frequently in California, where the mammoth liars are found; Texas was also a likely placc for her decease. It is now about time that Madeline Bhould die every Bix monthB or so for she must be growing an old woman. For some years after her trial she generally married a clergyman of the Church of England; now and then an officer in the army, highly connected.- Of late doctors of medicine seemed to be the favourites. A few months ago I mentioned what was told to me by a Glasgow man here -editor of a London daily-that be had frequently seen and spoken to Madeline Smith during the year 1891 at the Democratic Club, in Chancery-lane, where she acted as manageress of the refreshment bar. I dare eay it was all a myth. Another marquis obtained this week quite another distinction-that of being sued in the County Court for a paltry debt-the Judge making out an order for his lordship's com mittal to Holloway tor contempt in refusing to pay the judgment. This order is apparently illegal., because the debtor, the Marquis of Donegal, sits in the House of Lords as an English peer kinder title of Lord Fisberwick. The broken, half-paralysed old man of 70, who jaat escaped Holloway gaol by his privi lege as a peer, is legally and technically owner of nearly the whole dty of Belfast. Of course the vast estate which he technically inherited in 1889 has been sequestrated for years and years, and Lend Donegal has three as annulled bankruptcies recorded against him. In the year 1845 George Chichester, as he then was, managed to. thoroughly rain himself at the age of 23, by winning the Derby with aa inferior eolt owned by himself and two brother ensigns in bis regiment, the 6th Foot. There was a scrimmage and collision at Tattenham Corner; the brat placed hones fell and were kicked, or something of the sort; the youngsters' colt won. As aresalt of this fluke George Chichester imagined that it was his destiny to win the Derby annually for ever and for ever. Before he was thirty he had pawned all bis "expectations" to the Jews twice over, and bad become, even in the less strait-laced times of forty yean ago, notorious in English and Irish society for extravagance, profligacy, gambling, debts, and scrapes. He was wonderfully handsome and attractive. Men of this sort often many women as worthless as themselves, who bully them. - The.-present Maxchionesa of Donegal is an exception to the rule. His uncle Mid his father, his immediate prede cessors in the title, both lived to be over 90. LONDON, Dw. 7. Mr. Gladstone's valet, who has been 25 years in his servioe, is reported to- night to have mysteriously disappeared ; hie bore the odd name of Zadok Outratn. Although the most watehfal-and diligent of -servants, he was an extremely reserved Mid unsy mpathetio man. The cow which batted the Premier in Hawarden-park aboata couple of yean ago wpB the private property u>f Ootram. He never quite recovered the abode caused by tte.cn^twe'e impieto . When the late W. JR. Forster was on the point of jrttiring from the Gladstone Ministry in 1$82, he called one day at Gladstone^,- and-Oatram being out of the w^-^was'tfjojftit *ar a footmaninto the BvHiprp^:, o£t}ii» fewjnen whose North Counliy vjioe spmpwhst re sembled Gladstone's ffhem After a while Outrun, thinking his master was inside, knocked at the dow. " Forster waited for aRtttetime, then asked In a low toae, ''Who knocl^d justnowt" "Jfe pot <*»*«»». mz," Oatram replied. "I under-' stand it was the gentleman fom told 'n»n* particularly didn't wjwt to fee, the Right Hen. "V,-, The Rw. JEU^rjr Prew, Mr. Gladstone's son-in-law, is soiag to Gape Cokny in Jttaarrtotato'ttt6poisiqr<4MU|eofapatfeh near Cap* Town., (mm wwasiv nesa in certain qnartacs. The oatenaitte ex cuse is there* gentleman's weak longs, bat Oeoil Rhodes mar best thebottomofltall. Bs may. ft b feaied,wa»t to gei feoestsslwu ol Mt. Drew.eltherto hold him for ransom, Maaort of hostage.orin order to hypnotise ban, and oonvect Wm to the Rhode* palicgr. when Schnadhocst stopped at the Cape, on bis war to Anstrailift, Rhode#' completely pemsatod the Veta^ ^gUi: and indeed twisted hjm J»*nd bia fingers, " Labby" and the anti-BJbodes: party here forget how deep Paid and widely spread is Rhodes's influence. " Labby " con soles himself by putting about in the Honse a oew name for Bhodes, " Cecilius Maxim-us.' Downing-Btreet is at present rather ludic rously afraid of (he Gape Premier. Poor old Lord Bipon is in no humour to try a fall with bira, and Mr. Buxton, although a hard-work ing, conscientious, and ipost gentlewomanly man, is thoroughly oowed by Rhodes'* masterful proceedings. The Eari of Warwick h&S; }nt died' si the age of 76. His ideas, opinions, and manner of Hf4 belonged to quite another century. Up t(>lf859he«at}niheHoiise,of Commons as a protectionist, and on that question as well as most others remained unaffected by the modern spirit, more resembling an old crusader than a man of our time. Warwick Castle, the great show jp!&oe; on the river near Leamington, Is the white elephant of the family, The terrible expense of beeping'it up embarrassed the lrite Earl, and always made htm a poor man. He lived among his hooks, armour, and collection erf Shakspe&rian; literature and relics, maintain-, tag patriarchal relations with his tenantry, which In the Midlands means in these days that they paid very little rent. Iiord Brooke, husband of Lady Brooke, now becomes an Earl. The new Couhtess of Warwick is of a truth a popular celebrity. . Her new title will not make any difference in her friendship with the Prince of Wales, which continues as cordial as ever. Lately Lady Brooke has been studying ghosts and spirits with Mr. Stead. She communicated a spirit letter to him without the aid of the Post-office, a short while back, I don't know why, probably to get an advertisement The passion for oheap notoriety and advertisement affects the most unlikely people. Cardinal Vaughan is not free from it He is a very handsome man, and very conspicuous in drawingrooms by reason of his red stockings and shoes. At a reception where I was the other night, a lady called my attention to the fact, that even the soles of the Cardinal's shoes were red also ; " and," added she," I must tell you that he has two pair of stockings on, another pair under the red ones." I myself could never have found that out Stead hasbroughtouta characteristic Christ mas number of the Review of Reviews, a story designed to boom his scheme for a new London daily paper. He himself figures in this story as the hero. "Jabez Sterling," haughtily ignoring the coincidence that the Liberator swindler Balfour was also named Jabez. The wretched artist illustrator had evidently been ordered to give a faithful likeness throughout, and actually has repro duced Stead's wandering expression of eye very literally. Lady Henry Somerset, of couraej is one of the characters in this story. Stead is either in America already or going there shortly. He has a restless gipsy strain in his composition. I fancy he does not in tend to come back here. If the Yankees accept him at all he will probably settle among them, take up with some female prophetess or reformer, probably an ad vanced negress, and go about the States with her lecturing on the Unfathomable and the Ineffable." Very likely the pair will take to working miracles. It i3 a little odd that Stead baa not yet announced that be possesses the 0ft of raising the dead. As for his new daily paper, it will appear when all the other London newspapers ate discontinued; not till then. He has never been quite the same man Bince his trip to Some. Leo XlII.'s harsh refusal to toss with him, heads or tails, to find oat which should enjoy spiritual dominion over the whole English' , speaking race broke Stead*a heart. 