NEEDLES .Short, Sharp, Shiny." Gentleman—" But I gave you a penny last week. What do you do with your money-?" Hot. ; , Bush fires. ■ Scorching. "Cinders." •' • \- Cyclorama. ' .Anarchism. Fire at Hayti. Trap accidents. Fire, at Kadina. " Continentals." Napoleon's ghost. Heartless parents. :: Sad drowning case. A cowardly cyolist. : Shipping difficulty. , Attempted suicide. Sad shooting fatality. Explosives in Prussia. . Anarchism in Europe. > Bush fires in Victoria! Accident on the Clitus. • Typhoid" fever in Victoria. , • Fog on the Victorian coast. ' Sudden death near'Albany. Death of a music-hall singer. Warm weather in Melbourne. ■ Sudden death at Wilmington. Another unloaded gun goes off. ' Intercolonial Labor Conference. • Alleged nuisance at Hindmarsh. Suspicious fire at Edwardstown. Destructive fires in the country. "The Silence of Dean Maitland." Typhoid fever increasing in Victoria. Six thousand people homeless in Hayti. Melbourne lumpers have gone on strike. Over £50 collected for the SymondB fund. Mount Gambier is to have freezing works. • General Mellinet, of the French army, is dead. . Another motion unearned—Mr. Councillor Sellars. ; Soventv-four cases of typhoid in Melbourne last week. , ; A plot against the King of Servia has been discovered. Councillor Sellar would like a municipal , "Hansard." . The dispute at the Last Chance mine has • been settled. , • " CinderB" drawing good houses at the Theatre Royal. .The Attorney-General has refused to grant a mayor's court. The gunboat Ringdove left South Australian waters yesterday.. .1 Legislative Council candidates are preparing for the campaign. • Orestes has been struck out of the New ' market Handicap. '• 'The Agricultural College prizes will be dis tributed on Friday. . • : Engineer Allen, of H.M.S. Royalist, died suddenly at Albany. Three-quarters of an ounce for one day's work at Waukaringa. : A Civil servant will get the appointment of .' Government Actuary, Victorians want do annex our-chairman of Railway Commissioners. The Police Band will play at th& Semaphore rotunda to-morrow night. In spite of his great age Verdi is said to be . engaged on another opera. Councillor Sellar was angry when the closure was applied yesterday. Labor members wisited the Woods and Forest Department yesterday. The gold export from West Australia for the December quarter was 26,330 oz. Robert Buchanan is bringing out a new play, entitled " The Charlatan." Robt. Buchanan's new drama, " The Char latan," will deal with hypnotism. General Mellinet was especially noted for] his aervioos during the Crimean, war. A . young woman in Melbourne knocked | down by a bicycle had her skull fractured. The enchanted fountain of laughing waters! is a refreshing sight during the hot weather. A boy in Perth pushed his little sister into! the sea and has been arrested for manslaughter, j A Bill for a railway to Coolgardie will be! introduced in the West Australian Parliament ! next session. ! The economies made by the Victorian Minister of Education in his department total about £70,000. -• The heat registered at the Observatory at 3 o'clock,yesterday afternoon was 103*5° in the Bhade and 164*5° in the sun. The anniversary of the birth of Robert % Burns will be celebrated at the Exhibition Gardens on Thursday evening. ' South'Australia will be represented either by the Premier or the Minister of Education at the Postal Conference in New Zealand. From the chief to the youngest member all Scotsmen are expected to don the tartan at .the Caledonian gathering on Thursday night. Councillor Sellar expresses his sorrow for the judgment of the editors of the papers because they don't report his speeches at greater! length. "Rising generation!" said a worn-locking! mother. "I guess they , would not.be called so if folks only toew how hard it was to get bix children out of bed in the morning." . The Ring of Siam has sent two of his sons to; England in order that they may be educated at one of the public schools. They reached! London in charge of Prince Svasti Sobhon, a step-brother of the king. ! A shell 'which had been imbedded in - the earth since the Crimean war, 40 years ago, was recently discovered. On being struck it-ex-j ploded, killing nine persons who were standing by, several others being injured. j It is said that, Jabez Spencer Balfour, of Liberator infamy, is living in great style 25 miles from Buenos Ayres, A handred mounted and armed polioe protect his residence to pre vent any attempb at forcible oapture. Sir Edward Watkin has found his plan of bridging the Irish Sea vid the Isle of Man im practicable, on technical grounds, but thinks the tunnel between Scotland and Ireland quite feasible at, say, the trifle of £10,000,000. A scheme is on foot in England, for founding bo-operative villages in various districts, where farmers, are willing to grow flax. It is pro-; posed to group 20 families in each village, to allot to each family a house and half an acre of land. The remaining land will be farmed j in co-operation. I . A woman' in Tunis proclaimed that she had | been told by an angel in a dream that whoso-! ever drank of the, water in her cistern would j escape cholera. Within two days 20,000 passed through her premises to drink there, and the | policahad eventually to interfere to stop the { profitable traffic. The Marquis of Bute has written to the Lord Provost of Dundee, expressing regret at being unable 'to, visit that city in connection with his election, as Lord Rector of Sb. Andrew's University, but enclosing a cheque! for £1,000 for founding and endowing a Dondeff Scholarship at St. Andrew's University. . At Blackburn, England, twin sisters, who resided together, applied for votes as joint tenants of a dwelling-houee. It was decided by the party agents that only one should have a vote, but then the question arose, which was the'elder? Ab no one, nob even the sisters themselves, -could satisfactorily answer this question, it was deoided by the revising barrister that both were entitled toavose. , 