THE SISTERS OF MERCY. , Gehemony of Reception and Pko FESSION. • '■■*■■■■ •: t>.: i A. A..-. J That most impressive, "ami jfor Ade laide somewhat' rare, ceremonial for the reception and profession of the religious Sisters of Mercy, was celebrated in the Chapel of St Mary's Convent of Mercy, Angas Street, on Thursday morning, April 26, in the presence of the Sisters and a large number of Catholics. The following ladies were received into the Order :—Miss Henrietta Renihan, of Melbourne, to be known in religion as Sister Mary Liguori; Miss Norah Dow ney, of Limerick, to be known in re ligion as Sister Mary Xavier ; Miss Mary Jane Brogan, of Geelong, Victoria, to be known in religion as Sister Mary Ala coque; and Miss Teresa O'Hallorau, of Sydney, to be known in religion as Sis ter Mary Aloysius. After this ceremony the following Sisters took the black veil: —Sister Mary Vincent Hyland. of Queen's County, Ireland, niece of Father Martin, and Sister Mary Colomba MacMahon, sis ter of the late Father MacMahon, of Ade laide. The ceremonial was conducted by the Rev. Dr. Byrne, Administrator of the Archdiocese of Adelaide, assisted by the Rev. Fathers McEvoy and Cosgrave. At 9 o'clock in the morning the Sisters belonging to the convent assembled in the beautiful little saiictuary habited in their church cloaks and carrying lighted tapers, and taking their places on either side of the sacred building. A procession was then formed. Behind the crossbearer came the postulants, then the novices and the professed religious, with the ' Mother Superior and Mother Assistant accompanying them. The convent choir sang O Gloriosa upon the entry of the procession. After being conducted by the Mother Superior and Mother As sistant to the altar, where they received the lighted caudles, the candidates retired to their seats, where they remained while the Rev. Father Peteks, S.J., delivered a sermon appropriate to the occasion from St. Matthew xix. What did it profit a man, Father Pe ters asked, to gain the whole world and lose his own soul ? That glorious maxim had induced many hundreds to shut them selves practically from the world to gain happiness and tranquility. The Sisters who had entered the service of God that morning had renounced all the pleasures and the joys of life in the outer world for life in a religious Order, where they felt that they would have a better chance of gaiuing everlasting salvation. He poin ted out that the true religious were happy in this world in spite of their daily sacri fices and labors. Some people thought that monks, nuns, and sisters endured a most gloomy life, shut up as they were in cells, and going about like ghosts, having nothing to live for in this world. As a matter of fact, they spent an active, use ful life, governed by a Lady Superior, to whom they offered humble obedience. They had no possessions of their own, •and even the clothes they wore were not their property. They might have been rich persons in the world and enjoyed oveiy comfort, yet in the convent they gave up everything for the love of Jesus Christ. Though poor themselves, they largely gave to the poor, who were al ways sure to find in the good Sisters kind friends, cheering them in their wants. They went out daily to nurse the sick, and performed services on quite a diffe rent scale to the paid or hired attendant. In this world they looked for no reward ; they did all for the Bake of Jesus Christ, to whom they entirely consecrated their lives. Their labors extended to all in stitutions and places where they had reason to believe they could do good. They visited the sick and poor in the hos pitals, and in Catholic countries they had -charge of hospitals and orphanages, and houses of refuge for the destitute and forlorn. They spent their time in sup plication to the Most High, and not in ■amusements. They endured many sacri fices and practised many acts of self-de nial. He congratulated the dear Sistere ■who were being received into the Order with all his heart and soul upon their happiness. They had well understood hour- precious th'p treasure of a religious Order was. They had left the world and all its joys, , realizing that they were doing so for the greater glory and honor of God ■and the welfare of their neighbor. They had,made tire sacrifice of themselves to ,<5od, and he charged them to renew the sacrifice.every day of their lives. They had said farewell to fathers and mothers, brothers and Sisters, and friends. It: was for them now to embrace their new home, to embrace tho whole world in their hearts, to Have -courage and confidence-, " ana to -exclude no one in their prayers, *heirev|ffir»ng8, or their good works. How bfeMitiftitwould be their -crown in heaven ifthey had made a sincere sacrifice to God and pergefer&l; in the s<&*viOB' to the end of their -existence. . He sincerely con gratulated them, and gave them his The sermon over, the postulants lyere interrogated by Dr. Byrne,ahd then they retired to put off their secular dresB The choir.. sang, the habit and. veil were blessed; afid on th w reWntry^to the iiltar the novices received the cincture^: with which they were girded by the Mother Superior. Then the. white veil, the em blem of inward purity, was placed on their heads by the Admiuistrator of the Archdiocese, and fastened by the Mother Superior: the church cloak was put on, and the novices thus clothed passed through the remainder of the ceremony, which was ended by their embracing the Mother Superior and the other religious, receiving, their candles, and taking their stations according to rank among the se lected few. Next came the ceremony of profession of Sisters Mary Vincent Hyland and Mary Colomba MacMahon. While the celebrant elevated the adorable Sacra ment, the two Sisters vowed and pro mised "to God poverty, chastity, and obedience, and the service of the poor, sick, and ignorant, and to persevere until death in this congregation of our Lady of Mercy, according to its approved rule and constitutions." Mass was cele brated, and after the antiphons the newly professed approached the altar and re ceived the black veil, the emblem of chas tity and modesty, and the bleRsed ring, the seal of the Holy Ghost, indicating that the newly professed were " espoused to Him whom the angels serve, and at whose beauty the sun and moon stand in wonder." The choir sang with much effect, and greatly enhanced the solemnity and ini pressiveness of the ceremonial. After the ceremony the visitors sat down to light refreshments in the Con vent dining-room. Dr. Byrne, on behalf of the Sisters, thauked the ladies and gentlemen for their attendance to witness the reception and profession of so many good Sisters. To any sincere Catholic, he said it must have been a great subject of consolation to see those embracing such an evangelical life and evangelical coun sels. It showed that the faith of the Catholic Church was very lively when it induced so many of her children to em brace this holy and almost Divine life. He asked them to join with him in wish ing the young ladies who had received the religious habit the possession of the great gift of perseverance, which they were told crowned their work. He hoped that the community of the Sisters of Mercy here would have a similar ceremony before very long. At the breakfast a wedding-cake was cut by Dr. Byine and handed to those present. -llegixter. 