GENERALITIES. Woman lives by sentiment where man lives by action. The man who is soared at ghosts is afraid of nothing. Forgive your friend twioe; your enemy a hundred times. A young girl can stand tip straight and still be bent on marriage. Money matters can always be settled, but feelings are pitiless. It is supposed that a hen lays an egg because she can't stand it on end. Many people devote too much of their time to misoellaneous thinking. Almost any friend will stand by you to the last shilling; but it must be your shilling. It is odd but true that one man can best judge of a woman's carriage when she is walk ing. The great trouble with men who borrow from Peter to pay Paul is that they don't pay Paul. For every man with a sovereign in his pookst there are a dozen men soheming to get it. "Nothing suooeeds like distress," remarked the beggar aB he counted his coin at the endof the day. The mischief of it is that though travelling takeB the oonceit out of a man, coming back puts more in. Kind Party—"Why are you crying' like that, my little boy?" Little Boy—"Cause it's the only way I know how." If it is true that in union there is strength, how oan the faot be accounted for that the strong-minded women are always single? A middle-aged person is one between the ages of twenty-five and seventy-five, according to the age of the person who makes the desig nation. Mabel—"How strange one's own writing I seems to one when read years after writing it." Carson—"Yes, espeoially in a breach of pro mise case." Mamma—"My darling, don't you think you've eaten enough?" Maudie—"Me don't know. Me ain't dot a vewy bad tummick acheyet." Miss Wallop (teacher)—"Tommy, did I see i you whispering with the boy next you just now?" Tommy—"No, ma'am. Your back was turned." " John," said Mrs. Growler, "are you snper Btitious about the number thirteen?" "I am. You were my thirteenth girl, and, by Jove, yon lauded me." " Say, pa," asked Freddy, " why is it that when you or Unole George tell a story you always get laughed at, and when I tell one I get a lick in'?" Mr. Flim—"What is there about these long-haired musicians that attraots you j women ?" Mrs. Grim—"Just think how easy a long-haired man is to manage." First Stranger—"Excuse, me, sir, but I notice that you are looking at me olosely. Is there anything about me that is familiar?" Second Ditto—" Yes, there is. My umbrella.' A man at Rochester, fined for pulling a I handful of hair out of bis wife's bead, said:— "That hair she is showing you has been in the [ family for generations. She biought it with lier when she summoned mo five years ago." In St. Paul's a guide was showing an Ame rican gentleman round the tcmbs. "That, sir," said the man, " his the tomb of the | greatest naval 'ero Europe or the whole world bever knew—Lord Nelson's. This marble earcoughogus weighs forty-two tons. Hineide j that his a steel reoeptiole weighing swelvetons, and "hinside that is a leaden casket, 'crmeti cally sealed, weighing over two tons. Hinside 1 that his a mahogany ooffin holding the hashes j of the great 'ero," " Well," said the Yankee, after thinking awhile, "I guess you've got him. If he ever gets out of that cable me at my expense." At a Lanarkshire County Court a oase of assault and battery was being heard, and the lawyer who was engaged lor the defenoe took occasion several times during the cross-exami uation of a witness for the proBeoution to refer to him ironically as "a gentleman." TMb went on for some time, and at last the witness appealed to the Court for protection. " I'm naegentleman, yer Honor,"raid he, "an' fine that lawyer body kens it; but he's only sayin' it bo that I'll get angry in the ' hope that he'll be able to mak me contradiek mysel'." "Come, now,"said the legal lumi nary, with a contemptuous sneer, " do you swear that you are no gentleman?" "I do," replied the witness in a nettled tone, "an' you may eweer the same, my man, till ye're black in the faoe, an1 I'm ready to tak' my dnuvy that ye'il no be brought up for perjury." The cross-examination of that witness o&me; to an abrupt oonolueion amid the boisterous laughter of the auditory. j American tramps are in the habit of stealing a ride on American freight trains. A freight brakeman running out of Keru City one even ing started to olear tho tramps off the cars , after leaving the station, and in so doing found a one-legged man stealing a ride. Taking pity on him, the brakeman told him togobaok to an empty refrigerator car, lift the latoh, and orawl in. After a while the brakeman oame back and found the one-legged man near where he bad left him. He again told him about the refrigerator car and again went about bis business. For the third time this was repeated, and then at the fourth the brakeman, supposing the crippled tramp did not know what a refrigerator oar was, said— " Come along, and I'll show you where it is." When he reached the car he lifted the latch, and, swinging his lantern down inside, he was astounded to see no fewer than three one legged men already comfortably ensconced therein, while the fourth was ready to join | them. 