CONTRIBUTED ARTICLE. PROTESTANT PRINCIPLES. By Rev. Q-. Maetin. When in the courBe of the revolving year the month of July comes round, we are accustomed to hear the Protest ant drum sounded very vigorously.- It is well that it is so, or else we might sleep on in somnolent ease, forgetful of those great principles for which the leaders of the Reformation contended, and which ought to be cherished by us, as we cherish our very lives. With some persons, however, it is easy come and easy go. Things that are inherited are seldom cherished as highly as things which have cost us personal sacrifice, and which we have ourselves won amid the stress ot conflict and of strife. Hence, we fear, that there are those who are content to effervesce during the month of July, and then sink into the repose of calm content during the rest of the year. If we were all as good Pro testants all the year year round as we are in July, then the political Jesuitry of Rome would be carefully watched, and RomiBh ritual would not find a place in so-called Protestant Churches. But passing by the consummate State-craft of the Church of Rome, we desire to call attention to the fact that Protestantism means the embodiment of great principles in the practical life of men. It means a great deal more than speeches and celebrations, excel lent as these things are. The Fathers of the Reformation, both in Englaud and in Germany, fought for principles, and they were content with nothing less than the triumph of the principles for which they contended. These prin ciples they esteemed as being more valuable than wealth, or fame, or honour ; nay, they held them to be of greater value than life itself. Whether they were right or wrong in doing so, is a question that will be differently answered by different men ; but time has shown that the principles foe which they contended are the very principles which lie at the root of natural develop ment and progress. The nations whieh have cherished the great principles of the Reformation, are the nations whose development has been one of the wonders of the modern world, and which to-day exhibit the spectacle of a marvellous vitality, combined with moral and material progress, which has never yet been surpassed in the history of civilisation. TheBe nations, too, ex hibit no sign of stagnation ; they cherieh the spirit of freedom, and are the active guardians of the rights and liberties both of the individual and the com munity. If it be asked as to what tliose prin ciples are, the answer is easy. They are such principles as these : — The right of private judgment, that is, the right of any man to judge for himself in matters of religion and doctrine, apart from the dogmas^ of ecclesiasticism, or the' ijpse diccit of robed and mitred priests, Then, there is the great prin ciple for which Luther so strongly con tended, and to which the martyrs of the Reformation constantly appealed. It was this : — ' The sole, or supreme authority of the Holy Scripture, as the rule of religious faith and practice.' This principle enthroned the Bible above Churches or Councils, above Pope, Bishop, or Priest, above tradition or opinion. It took the court of appeal out of the hands of the Papal hier archy, and placed it with Apostles and Prophets ; with those holy men of G-od 'who spake as they were moved by the Holy G-host.' Another great principle or the Protestant Reformation was the constant insistence by all preachers and reformers of the glorious doctrine of justification by Faith. In the hands of men like Luther and Melancthon, Wesley and Whitfield, this doctrine waB a weapon which by God's grace, and God's bpirit, was made mighty to the pulling down of great strongholds of superstition and vice. Then, what Dr. Dale calls the ultimate principle of Pro testantism, is this : — ' The direct access of the soul to God ; and the direct ac cess of God to the soul.' Protestant principle contends that thiB access ? ffl direct) that it is the divme right \ m every penitent and believing soul ; ai?j raf that, apart from any priestly inte H mediary, whether Roman or AngliCa*: M Such are our Protestant principles. Ar ffl we true to them ? They have coined B us at enormous coat. They are on m heritage, but they are an heritage which ? was purchased by suffering and bloO(} ? by the conflict and heroism of a noble H army of martyrs, patriots, and public H benefactors, of whom the world was not m worthy. And the day will be a dark ffl day indeed, when we cease to cherish if these principles as the very soul of all M religious life and progress. m 