CHAPTER IX. The fire burned out on the hearth. The tobacco burned out in the pipe. The candle flamed very bright, then flickered out under the crimson shade. Slowly and laboriously Dr. Bemis rose from the great arm-chair, as though he were older, much older, than when he sat down. At the door he paused to say, ' Good-night, Samuel,' and was gone. The sharpest pang of his life shot to the heart of the strong man lying on the sofa. Not all that he had suffered in life could pro- duce its counterpart. He could have gone to Dr. Bemis on his knees and begged for just one word from him. When he rose from the sofa, however, it was long after. He left the room by another door, and his step sounded on the stairs. A little later the first door opened, and slowly, very slowly, Dr. Bemis entered again and seated himself in the great arm-chair. Only the ghost of the fire lay prone upon the hearth, but the old man sat with his eyes fixed upon it as mechanically he filled his pipe and began to smoke. There was no draught up the chimney, now, and lazily the clouds of blue-white smoke drifted towards the student-lamp, which, in astonishing for- getfulness, Colonel Trenton had left burning. Slowly Dr. Bemis began speaking to him- self : ' Can it be possible ? Joseph Brandon, is it true that you love Signorina Scarlatti ? Are you killing your best friend for a foolish infatuation that will fly to the winds the mo- ment you acknowledge it to her ? To-morrow night Samuel will spurn Scarlatti for your sake. It will kill him, and, if these eyes saw anything on Friday night, they saw that to be spurned by him will kill Scarlatti too. I do not believe it, Joseph. I know that there is something wrong. Oh, Bemis, Bemis ! Rouse yourself and straighten this tangle before it is too late. What could I say to Joseph ? Nothing that could increase his readiness to sacrifice himself for his best friend. What can I say to Samuel ? Noth- ing. What then ? Can I ? Shall I ? Oh, signorina ! with my white hair and my humped back and my love for Samuel, per- haps you will hear me, and you can set it right.' (To Be Continued.) 