TABLE-RAPPING AND HYPNOTISM. FATHER LE EENNETJSL, S M.. ON ' SPIEITUAIiISM.' It was not surprising that the announcement of the Very Eev. P. Le Rennetel'a sermon on ' Table Bapping and Hypnotism' resulted in c cronded-fco-the-doors congregation at St. Patrick's on Sunday evening last. Fr. 1)3 Sena etel took as hia text 'Neither let there be found amongst you anyone who coasul tefeh foothsayere, or observeth dreams aud omene: neither let there be any wizard of charmer, nor anyone who consulteth pyfchonic spirits or who seeketh truth fsom the dead.' (Deut. 18 ; 10-11.) The question oi! spiritualism, said the preacher, is a very actual one. In their age of indifferentism in religious matters men had felt, as it were, isolated in the world, and as they bad had no longer fcbe light of faith to show them what was beyond the curtain of life they had instinctively gone back for information to old pagan practices. It suited their pride to say that spiritualism, mea merism. and hypnotism were modern discoveries. modern developments ; Btill they could find fche existence of these elements and forces, as they were called, as far back as some 3000 years in Etruria, in Egypt, in Greece, and in Eonie. Those under the influence of! pythonic spirits, according to Monceaus, were esactly the same as the mediums of the 19bh century, and their duties wore to wake the soals ole the dead, to tell fortunes, and to cure all sorts o£ ailments. Many people osid that it was not right to iudce too hastily on theee matters, the argument being that even 50 years ago electricity, the telephone, and the phonograph would have been regarded and condemned aa diabolical invention?. Ha (Fr. Le Benuefcel) agreed that it was not the proper thing to condemn in a wholesale way what was called spiritualism and what was called hyp notism without study and examination. Then came the question were they to regard the species of phenomena to which he referred as the work ings of uaknowB or at least; unfamiliar forces of nature or as the workings o£ spiritual agents ? Were the ' manifestations' and ' revelations' T;h6 result oi! the intervention of . God, or evil spirits ? Were they to be encouraged, simply tolerated, or absolutely to be forbidden ? It was unnecessary in that place to repeat the Church's condemnation of all practices which directly or indirectly led to the weakening of faith cr the corruption of morals. Lst them, in a matter-of-fact way, turn first of all to spirit rapping and table-turning. . There was no doubt the spirit-rapping in many cases was simply the result of jugglery and trickery. They had here in Australia a few years ago from America a man who had fche reputation of being the greatest medium in the United States. This man, Dr. Blade, with four or five persons sitting at a table, appeared to make the table answer all sorts o2 questions. A slate placed under fche table would also be brought forth *jith answers to questions written upon i\ Then the table would be lifted in the air, and the chair upon which you sat would fce dragged here and there by an invisible force. This esponent of spiritualism was a great success, and people credited the medium with extraordinary powers. One o£ their best Sydney doctors, Dr. Knaggs, made up his ! mind to fathom the mystery,- and by means of a clever contrivance discovered that the writing on the slate was done with a soft pencil, which the clever American held between his toes, and that the ghost was not esactly in the tabln, but in the feet of the medium — rather an unpleasant plaoe for a spirit to be. How was it that these experi ments were invariably made with the lights lowered or completely extinguished ? This par ticular sort of spirit evidently loved darkness more than light. Still he would not say that there were not cases which might be fairly con~ sidered beyond dispute, with strong testimony to support them. Many reliable mea asserted that there was such a thing as genuine spirit-rapping. That it begins with natural forces and is the result of unconscious muscular action—this is possible. It was difficult to esplain how or why the muscular action should be ia one particular direction, to the right or to the left, as in the case advanced by De. M'Gowan. This espenmenlou took sis boys, the first he met in the street, and placed them around a table without telling them the purpose for which they had been called in. This was what the doctor placed on record, '? None of them had the least notion of what was expected, yet the table began fco turn with such rapidity that fche boys could hardly follow, and suddenly it rushed out o£ their circle.' Now again the table in certain cases would writs in any known lan guage. On on occasions a missionary pnest from Chine, Father Hue, who was simply a wit ness at an experiment, asked the medium the name by which he was known in Obina. Imme diately the name was 'written in Chinese charac ters, and its meaning given in French, although no one present, escept the priest, had any knowledge of the Chinese language. Then they were told how the table would write letters of the alphabet touched in another part of the room by a person with his fingers, how the table was lifted three or Coup feet, and how at times music played by unseen hands on the piano, violin, and concertina was heard. Then came the question, Could all this be the result o£ unknown natural forces ? They might look to the Chinese for the answer, an given by Dr. M'Gowan in the Overland China Mail. '?' All Chinese,' says the doctor, ' have been addicted for generations to that practice and there is perhaps not a Chinese living who does not fully believe that the motion is effected by supernatural agency.' Some time ago a club of literary graduates went through a series of these seances in a Tanist Temple, and. the wonderful manifestations were made known all over the country. A superintendent was ordered by tho Government to make a full inquiry, with the result, as recorded in a standard work on magnet ism, that the students and others were asked to give up the practices for tho reason, as the super intendent put it, that ' he had never known any good to come of them, bat on the contrary con siderable evil.' If this table turning was simply the result oi! natural forces it might be Dsked how waa it that it could be stopped in certain ecees by the influence of religion.' Let him give an example. In a draw ing room in Pads tbe viDitora were spending the evening in spiritualistic aniusemont. Suddenly a new visitor, a certain marchioness, entered, and as she did so the table leapt like a madmnn, and then ceased operations, deupite the effo^to of the com pany. The following evening the table was con sulted, and when asked why it had ceased to per. form in the presence of the marchioness, the answer came that the m&rchionees; had on her a relic of the true cross. This was recorded by Le Meryeilleus. On another occasion a bishop coming into a room in which opii-it-zappng waa takiog^placo, was asked to submit a test. ' There is an event which has taken placp in my diocese which is known to no one but myself. Ask the table what it in.' The answer: wao promptly written on a piece of paper, and the bishop, addressing the company, said, ' I tell you there is something more serious in the table-rapping than you think or understand.' This case was also given by La Merveilleus. Ho (Fr. Le Eennetel) said with the bishop that in some cases the phenomena could not; be explained by natural causes, and he would add that those who gave themselves up to that sort of amutement were the playthings of the Evil One. From the very mouths of those who rsnt themselves to these practices they had it that they pretended to hold communication with the souls of the departed. Some claimed to recognize the voices, others the writing, of those who had departed, la Holy Writ they were forbidden to '?'seek truth from the dead,' and could not the Evil One employ these means to make men follow a practice which was the old pagan way of worehip — invoking fche sphits, that is, tha demonp. Some sought to shield themeelves under the escnse that sometimes fche spirit tells them to be good and that the Catholic religion is the true one, and that they should go to fche Sacra ments, But did they not know foom the Bible that the Angel of Darkness disguises himself as an angel of light the better to deceive? Did not Satan, quote Holy Writ when he tempted ©be Blessed Lord ? Those who were addicted to these dsnge° rons practices called themselves Gpidtuahsts. What did they mean foy this it not thafc they put their confidence and their faith in what the spirits told them ? What elce was this but Paganism — believing in iho oracles 0!! the Sybils ? Did not the Sybils make nse o2 the tripod ia the same manner as the so-ca!]ed modern spiritualists used the table ? Bia advice to Catholics was not to be led into practices which would surely destroy their faith in God, fchek peace of mind, and perhaps their power oi treason. As to hypnotism, he was not going to condemn, what the Church still had under study as absolutely diabolical. He was not going to say, however improperly the power was used in certain instances, that it was the work o£ demons. This_again was no discovery, for they could sead in Herodata that the hypnotic sleep was practised in Greece, in Phenicy, and in Egypt, and that in the temple o£ Bel the pythonis gave her oracles only when she was in her divining sleep on the sacred bed of the temple. That slumber, the Latin poeb Martial explains. was obtained by passes of the hand and by touch. Plautus repeats the same thing in Ampbytcion. He would call as hia first witness to prove that the practice was most dangerous Dr. Binefc, an infidel, whos giving bis experiences of many years, wrote, 'The hypnotic may become the instrument of crime with a fearful precision, and all the more dreadful that after accom plishing the act everything is forgotten by him, the liypaotizer and fehe hypnotism i&self.;' Dr. Beaumis adds his testimony : ' I can tell a subject 6hat on such a day and suoh an hour you shell do such a thing and nobody knows anything about it. The subject accomplishes the act at the very time mentioned without Femembesriag any^ thing about fche matter, and without knowing that she is net free.' After citing several oaeei authenticafcedj including one of poisoning and oma of shootiag, in which the victims were powerless to throw off the effects of hypnotism, Father Le Eennetel thus concluded :—' How, my dear brethren, is it right for any person to give another such power p Is it right; ' jhnt fche power should be exercised ? Ia it turpjisiag in Ger many and in Austria and in France hypnotism is forbidden excepting in the case of a doctor who uses it scienfcifio&llv; ? Tho medical facalfcv oE Bocae, which is anything but Catholio, recognizing that the science has a very disturbing and injurious effect on the public mind,, and tint it3 practice is surrounded with great dangers, has asked that the hypnotic seance should be interdicted. TI19 end oi! it is t:- expose its victims to neui-algc, in its worst forms, fc- paralysis and to madness. I know a girl who this day ia in Callsn Park, a girl not 19 years ot age, as one of the victims. Shun it altogether.' A SPECIMEK UP TO DATE. Curiously enough the day before Fr. Le Ren netel delivered his denunciation of 'spiritualism' fche following headed 'A True Story from Sydney,' appeared in the Melbourne -Argus: — '?The Building-up of Little Josephine — A Trua Story ' formed the main attraction of the meet ing of the Society for Psychical Eesearch yeBter day evening. It fell to the lot of Mr. D. M'Alpino to introduce the interesting heroine to tho audience, after prefacing the weird anecdote by a relation of bis personal experiences in fche sam - ghostly line. Little Josephine heraelC rested upon the written testimony of Dr. MacCarthy, of Sydney, who had produced her in the visible spirit with no other external accessories than n. lady medium, a dark cabinet, two photographic cameras, and a believing audience. The medium, having been duly installed in the cabinet, es plained to hei.1 audience that they were not to look direct it any spirit form which might ba produced, because sfcanEg at them had a tendency fco prevent the spirits from materializing. Little Josephine displayed a modest baehfulness, but eventually consented to exhibit her chairms in the form o2 a ' psycho -plaomic mask,' On a secona attempt the medium, from behind her closed cur tains,' was heard fco complain, ' There is a little girl trying to build up, but she's nofc strong enough.' Still, the all-seeing eye o£ the camera was able to detect Josephine in the midst of her struggles ao a thick white vapour. It was added with deep awe that on examining the medium after the'expeninent she was found to be ' much reduced in size.' 