The Cock Lane Ghost. The ghost of Cock Lane is the subject of an article by Mr. Howard Pyle ia Harper* & Magazine. The lane, according to Mjq Pyle, was a dirty little slum at the back of St. Sepulchre'# Churcb, between Snow Hill anS G-il's par- street. The house where the ghost disported herself was tenanted by M!r. Persons, clerk of St. Sepulchre's Church, who had a daughter aged twelve years, the ' medium' in the case. To Mr. Parsons, in 1759, enter* a Mr. Kent, or Kempe, who was living with his deceased's wife's sister, Mias Fanny. Each of these interesting lovers m*de & will bequeathing his, or her, worldly wealth to the survivor. Qn ft curtain occasion Mr. Kent had to to a funeral in the country, leaving Miss Fanny alone in Oock Lane. The young woman invited Parson's little girl to share her bed and both she and tbe child were kept awake all ni^ht by scratching and rapping noisea. These phenomena recurred at intervals for Homo timo. and wero lirmrnlninnd Then the Kents quarrelled with Parsons, und left the lodcings, and tho disturbance ceased. In her new lodgings in Clerkenwell, Miss Fanny died, and then the trouble began again in Cock Lane always attending Parson's little girl. She became much alarmed, and a woman named Mary Fraser was procured to attend tier. ivusa eraser suggested try ing to correspond by raps with the ghost, »nd the ghost choose to allege that it was Misn Fanny, that it or ahe had been poisoned by Mr. Kent, and tbat it wanted Mr. K-nt to be satisfactorily hanged. Not only did it rap, but i* filled tho room with a sound of fluttering wings. All London now flocked to Oock Lane. Horace Walpole went with Lady Miry Coke (tbe daughter of the Duke of Arayll who fought at Sherifmuir), and with the Duke of York, wb.itn Lady Mary loved with a ridiculous passion. AYal pole saw and heard nothing, and ot courso ridiculed the whole uffair. But the Wesleyans took up the ghost, the Church of England followed suit, Dr. Johnsou investigated it, and the end came shortly. The ghoBi pro mised to rap on her own coffin in the crypt of St. John's, Clerkpnwell, but when enquirers went thither, the ghost did not come to tb6 scratch. Moreover, it became known that Parsons nnd Kent had had a quarrel about money, and here was an obvious motive ror the accusations of the ghost. The child was taken to a Btrange house; she was hung up in a hammock, und she was told that if the ghost would not ' manifest' her father would be imprisoned as ari impostar. The unlucky child therefore took a little board of wood to bed, and scratched on it. The old noises were not produced on it, but noises of a thor oughly normal character were pronuced. So all the Cock Lane people, including the Curate of St. Sepulchre's we;e tried for con spiracy before Lord Mnns&eld;, and were found guilty and punished. Pnrsons was put in the pillory, but the rabble still be lieved, and collected money for him. 