WARATAH. fmOM AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT ] the evening of the 24th inst was one long to be looked back to with pleasant memories by the juveniles of our local State school. The occasion was the par formance, under the presidency of Mr Kayser of the cantata The little old woman that lived in a shoe, and action is ings ; the objects being primarily to develop any latent musical talent possessed by the lihputtana and secondly to pen made the nucleus of a fund to pure have a piano for the use of the school As singing forms part of the curriculum of our Government educational system, the head teacher, with his usual anxiety to be ever aber astor the times, c render og that some musical instrument would be a valuable adjunct, conceived the idea of the cantata, to give practical shape to his vi nice, and for some considerable time past about 30 of the school children have been undergoing careful train- ing at the hands of Mr T Knowles whose musical ability is locally well and favourably known, and whose constant at ten non and gratuitous services speak volumes for his devotion to this branch of the fine arts That the children entered into their task with spirit and intelligence was abundantly evident by their rendition before the capital house which greeted them, and must have been gratifying to their coaches The various parts were well sustained, and the characters suitably and pictures ugly appointed Those calling for special commendation were-The Little Old Woman, Teacher of the Home School, Punch, School Board Offices, Aladdin, Humpty Humpty, Red Riding Hood, Tom Thumb, Chairman of the Board, Bo Peep, Blue Beard. Old Mother Goose, Old Mother Hubbard and her dog (the 12 steamed causing much merriment), and the Old Woman of Leeds, who was unanimously elected by the Board to supplant the old time teacher that lived in the shoe Among the action songs, the Japanese Fan " with limelight effect, ca Is for special notice, the score or so of girls being uniformly attired in white, and each using an appropriate fan, wearing wreaths of native laurel and roses, and standing in crescent form attached each by a rope of flowers to a common centre, from which the ropes radiated, a little girl dressed in fairy like costume representing this point, the whole forming a very pleasing tout ensemble Amongst the boys' songs, "At the farmer's gate " caused considerable amusement. Mrs. Knowles, whose help in many other ways contributed to the success of the entertainment, was the accompanist.' The local Rifle' Corps the same afternoon shot for a handicap sweepstake at the 700yds. range, Private Cull proving the victor, closely run by Colour- Sergt. Craw ford (scratch), who made the nice little score of 30. Lieut, Jones put the men through various marching evolutions on the road. Now that the weather will permit of it, we hope to see our " warriors bold " more frequently. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^ HAVE YOU EVERSEKN A GHOST Such in simple words is the question addressed by the Society of Psychical Research to some 17,000 persons, male and female. The results are included in " A Report on the Census of Hallucinations," published in the latest edition of the proceedings of the society. The question, of course, was framed in much more elegant and detailed form than the somewhat abrupt inquiry into which most people will translate it but whether we call " the spook " a " living being," or "an inanimate object," or " a mysterious voice, it comes to pretty much the same thing, so long as there is no external physical cause to account for the phenomenon. And now for the i emits. Out of 17,000 persons interrogated 15.316 answered in the negative, leaving only a meagre 9 percent, of people who had been favoured by extraordinary experiences. This is at least consolatory for those who still believe in the sanity of the human race: But the relative proportion of men and women who saw visions and dreamed dreams is still more remarkable. Only 655 males answered in the affirmative, but as many as 1 AJS females. A PEIIKECT FUND-The Medical press and the faculty pronounce Cadbury's Cocoa absolutely pure and of the highest quality, free from added starch or sugar, and comforting, strengthening, and nourishing for old and young, robust and feeble r MAOr K toM PRIVATE LETTER. - ' Humanly speaking ' Benger's Food ' entirely saved baby's life. He could digest nothing until we bcKAii the ' longer.' He is now rosy, where. Australian agents Felton, Grimwade and Co and llocke.Tompaittfc Co.. Melbourne, .«...-rrw__ (and JJ,, AMtMlta Out Of. 