CHAPTER XXXVII. STRAHAN's ESCAPE. After Blauvelt had left Mr. Vosburgh's breakfast-table in obedience to his own and Marian's wish to see Strahan at once, the young girl laughed outright — she would laugh easily to-day— and exclaimed : ' Poor Mr. Merwyn ! He is indeed doomed to inglorious inaction. Before. Before he could even start on his search, Strahan found him. His part in this iron age will consist only in furnishing the sinews of war and dispensing canned delicacies in the hospaitls. I do feel sorry for him, for last night he seemed to realise the fact himself. He looked like a ghost, back in the shadow that he sought when Captain Blauvelt's story grew tragie. I believe he suffered more in hearing about the shells than Mr. Blauvelt did in bearing and seeing them.' ' It's a curious case,' said the father, musingly. 'He was and has been suffering deeply from some cause. I have not fully accepted your theory yet.' ' Since even your sagacity can construct no other, I am satisfied that I am right. But I have done scoffing at Mr. Merwyn, and should feel as guilty in doing so as if I had shown contempt for physical deformity. I have become so convinced that be suffers terribly from consciousness of his weakness, that I now pity him from the depths of my heart. Just think of a young fellow of his intelli- gence listening to such a story as we heard last night, and of the inevitable contrasts that he must have drawn !' ' Fancy also,' said her father, smiling, ' a forlorn lover seeing your cheeks aflame and your eyes suffused with tears of sympathy for young heroes, one of whom was reciting his epic. Strahan is soon to repeat his; then Lane will appear and surpass them all.' 'Well,' cried Marian, laughing, 'you'll admit they form a trio to be proud of.' 'Oh, yea, and will have to admit more, I suppose, before long. Girls never fall in love with trios.' 'Nonsense, papa, they are all just like brothers to me.' Then there was a rush of tears to her eyes, and she said, brokenly, 'The war is not over yet, and perhaps not one of them will survive.' ' Come, my dear,' her father reassured her, gently, 'you must imitate your soldier friends, and take each day as it comes. Remembering what they have already passed through, I predict that they all survive. The bravest men are the most apt to escape.' ' Marian's greeting of Strahan was so full of feeling, and so many tears suffened her dark blue eyes, that they inspired false hopes in his breast and unwarranted fears in that of Blauvelt. The heroic action and tragic experience of the young and boyish Strahan had touched the tenderest chords in her heart. Indeed, as she stood, holding his left hand in both her own, they might easily have been taken for brother and sister. His eyes were almost as blue as hers, and his brow, where it had not been exposed to the weather, as fair. She knew of his victory over him- self. Almost at the same time with herself, he had cast behind him a weak, selfish, frivolous lite, assuming a manhood which she understood better than others. There- fore, she had for him a tenderness, a gentle- ness of regard, which her other friends of sterner natures could not inspire. Indeed, so sisterly was her feeling that she could have put her arms about his neck and wel- comed him with kisses, without one quicken- ing throb of the pulse. But he did not know this then, and his heart bounded with base- less hopes. To be continued. 