THE PLANTER'S HOTEL & REMINISCENCE OF THE OLD ST. Louis HousE. "So the old Planters' Hotel has had to close up at last," said a gray-haired St. Louis merchant in an up-town cafe the other night as he read the despatch to that effect in the Tribune. "That's one of-the old landmarks of St. Louis gone. I wonder what they'll do with it nows It seenms only the other day when the build ing of it was begun with much ceremony; though when you come to think of it that was over fifty years. ago, and the centre of the town was down in the river district then, and we thought it was going to stay there But it couldn't. Every thing goes west, even St Louis, and not all ti.e attractions of fine rooms and a a generous table could keep the travel ling patrons, or the local ones, either, loyal to the old house That hotel, sir, is closely associated with all the stirrir-g :Icidents of the city's history. Around it clung all the melmories on which your 'oldest inhalbitant' loves to dwell, and Charles Dickens immortalized it in his ' American Notes,' by calling it, I be liere, the best hotel in the country, or, at least, 'a most excellent house.' Many's the merry night I've spenlt there, and many a good story has been told about the old house, its inmates and its patrons, which are not so true, perhaps, as amus ing. "b- . Louis ihai a .sort of epidemic oi spiritualisim some years ago," continued the talker, "and one of the negro porters about the Planters', a omart fellow with some whitn blood in.himii, used to work on the feelings of the other bors so much by his talk on the sulicct thai he had most of them pnetty hadly secared. Heore tended to be a mnedium himself, and 'word of it cainme to the ears of the vroprietor, who called him up one day snd told him he must stop talking such nonsense to the other porters or get out. "'If you're fool enough to believe in it youtself, which I don't believe you co,' said Mr. H--, 'I won't have you scaring the other boys.' "'Idon't go far to scah 'em, Mistah H---,' says the boy. 'They allus askin' me 'bout it, and I can't help bein' er mnejum, neihow.' "'You a medium,' said Mr. H- , ' Don't talk such rot to me, boy. Kow did you find out you're a medium ' " I Iin do some mysterious things, sah,' said the darkey. '1 kin make a bell ring 'thout touchin' it.' "'Go along, hoy,' said Mr. II- ; 'don't tell me any of your lies.' "'Bet you my next week's wages 'gamst a ten dollah bill I can, Mr. H- . Bet you I can set a dozen of dem call bells 'dere a jingling 'thout ever touchin' one ob dem.' \- ' Well, I'll take you up, boy,' said Mr. H-,' but don't try to beg your wages after you've lost theni, for you won't get them. Now go ahaad. Begin the seance. Summon the spirits. Stand back, boys, or the ghosts may get their long fingers in your wool.' This te a group of the other porters whio were.half grinning aud half quaking in expectation. "Theismartdarkey immediately stepped into a little cupboard under the" stairway -it was about nine o'clock in the even ing-took oft' his white jacket, stooped down and did something, we could not see what, of course, and then stepped for ward, keeping his eyes on the bells, and waving his arms at them, jabbering some thing intended for an impressive incanta tion. In about ajiffy a score of the bells were jingling like mad. - The darkey grabbed the ten-dollar bill ho had won, from the hands of the stakeholder, and Mr. H-- said rather angrily : "'Now stop their confounded noise, can't you. quick n' "' 1 ain't mnejumn nuffyet to do dat, sah,' said the darkey with a a grin. "Just then a furious guest came bound uing down stairs, shouting, ' What's the gas turned offfor in this outrageous way, upstairs ? "'Stop that black rascal!' yelled Mr H-- , as the negro 'mejum' made a break for the back entrance, but he was gone before any one could catch him. The scamp had turned off the gas from the upper part of the house, and it took a deal of trouble to go aronnd to all the rooms and shut off the burners before the gas could be turned on again and re lishted." 