I^VE'S DEEAM. CHAPTER XVII. ' SHE COULD NEVER BE WICKED OB FALSE.' ' Athol, mamma says that you want me.' Lady Frances had unconsciously dropped into the old familiar way of speaking to the earl. It was the first time that she had addressed him bo since her return from the continent, and she blushed a little, her eyes shining happily the while. He raised Mb white face, and her look changed to one of disappointment and alarm. Only the day before had the Countess of Lvtte whispered to her tbat Athol would speak soon, and Lady Frances considered him as much her own property as though it had all been settled between them long ago. Perhaps he had come to tell her now that he lovel her — that he wanted her to be his wife very soon and for the first time since they were children press her to his heart ! How well she remembered the last kiss ! It was quite ten years ago ! At a New Tear's gathering, ov something of the kind, and he had whispered that she was his little sweet heart ! How women remember these things ! He liad not kissed or embraced her since then — since that happy evening — long, long ago: They had felt shy of each other, because their future had been so much discussed by their parents j but they be longed one to the other none the less. She believed that with all her heart, and the knowledge made her happy. ' Athol, you are not well ; you are ill,' the pirl said. ' No, I am well enough, Lady Frances,' the «arl replied, pulling himself together by an effort, -and summoning a ghost of a smile to his face. ' I want you to sit near to me, for I have something to tell you — something that has been on my mind from the moment you and my mother took me up at the Marble Arch.' Lady Frances blushed again, and her shy happy eye3 sought his gloomy ones. What could he have to say to her — what was there to tell her but the old sweet story that Bhe had been expecting — that the countess had assured her would be told very soon. Bat why did the earl look so gloomy about it ? Surely he could not for one moment doubt that she loved him — that she was his wholly and solely ? ' Yes,' she said, gently, ' I am listening.' ' We shall not be disturbed ?' he asked. 'We must not be disturbed, because I have bo much to say to you, Lady Frances, and I must tell you my story now, or you may, never hear it.' ?':? . She waa startled by the wild look in his eyes she could not understand him, and an icy chill swept over her heart. 'Mamma knows that we are here,' she said, ' and will permit no more to interrupt us ; but if it, will be any satisfaction to you, Athol, I will turn the key in the lock.' He watched her graceful figure as she stepped across the room, and for the second time that week he had to acknowledge that she was a lovely woman — a possession that any man might be proud of. If he hid his grief from her— if he married her, it would make her happy at least. He had no other aim— no other object in life. Then flashed before his mind's vision the passionate and beautiful face of the woman who had deceived him, and he shivered as though chilled. It were better to face the worst at once ; he believed that it would be , more painful to him to tell his story to Lady . ' , Frances, than for Lady Frances to listen. He , would at least be honest with her, and if her Buffering were keen, his were keener. His resent-1 ment toward the countess increased when he looked into the girl's anxious and expectant face. Here »was more of her well- meant, but officious meddling, and his heart almost failed him. '.Lady Frances,' Athol began, 'I am in trouble — I have met with a severe disappointment, and for a time I ha/e determined to travel — to go away from the hateful, senseless glamour of society at once, or I shall go mad. I have come to you, Lady Frances, as my mother seems to think there is some obligation or bond between us. Because our estates joined, suu we were cunureu togeiner, our parents nave hoped to join our hearts — or at least our bands, thinking that a marriage between us would harmonize with their wishes and ambitions.' Lady FranceB had become deadly white, and her hands trembled. 'I am told, Lady Frances, that you regard this arrangement as binding — that you are willing to saorifice yourself to the whims of your mother and mine.' ' No — no,' whispered the girl, ? , ' Then you do not wish ? ' he began. ' I would not marry you, Athol, if I did not love you with my whole heart and soul,' she cried hiding her face. ' Who has been telling you thab I do not love you — that I would drag you into a loveless marriage ? T gave my heart to you long ago ; it is yours now.' 'You do not understand,' he said, bitterly. ' Frances, can you not see that I have no love to give to you — that I want you to be free !' She gazed at him in a way that he never forgot That look haunted him fora life-time. Had Bhe heard aright ? Was he jesting ? Then his earnest and troubled face convinced her. He did not love her. He never could love her. A sharp cry of pain burst from her lips. Oh, the agony, the humiliation, the shame of it ! And this was his trouble. The countess had told hiai that it was time for him to speak to her, and his heart had spoken. ' Frances,' he whispered, gently, ' my anguish is almost too much for me. I want you to help me, if you will — to help me to be strong.' 'My lord,' she replied, bitterly, 'I have made my confession. You will think none the worse of me for it ? I have looked upon you as my lover for so long — you, and you only. You have my love — I cannot take it away. If T am never to be your wife, let me be your dearest friend. Your happi ness will be my happiness.' A few tears dropped down her cheeks, but she bravely brushed them away. ' Now tell me,' she said, ' why you are so very uauappy — wny you are leaving us. ' Lady Frances, I am afraid tbat I cannot tell you,' the earl murmured. ' You have made it so much harder than I expected. You will think me cruel ; you will have no sympathy with me, and yet, I would rather you heard it from my lips than from the lying tongue of rumour. To be brief, Lady Travers, my heart is broken, and a woman is the cause of it. I see that you start ; you did not dream that I had ever thought of love, or had pre Bumed.to thwart the wishes of the countess. But it is true — it is only too true.' 'Do I know the lady?' whispered Lady Frances, softly. ' Can I help you ?' ' The woman who won my heart, only to cast it from her with scorn,' proceeded the earl, ' was my mother's companion — Miss Tremayne. You have aeon her often, FranceB ; you hare talked with her^ .walked with her, and were good friends. Tell me, : what did you think of her? Would you have ?''.'? deemed her false— would you have credited her with wiokednesa ?' ' No,' said Lady France?, ' ahe could never e wicked or false. We were friendly, very friendly* but I have not seen Miss Tremayne for a year' The counfces would tell me nothing concerning her when I made inquiries. She could never be wicked or false, Athol.' ' But she is,' he went on, scornfully. ' She and thecountessquarrelodaboutine, and MissTremayne went home, and straightway out of my life forever. She did not trouble to communicate with me, and it took me a long time to find her. I heard ugly stories about her in ugly places. I loved her — I trusted her too well to believe one word of what was told to me.' ' But you doubted her a little ; I can see that you did,' observed Lady Frances, 'and no true woman can forgive that.' ' I waB angry,' confessed the earl ; 'but listen, Lady Frances. After much trouble I found out where Miss Tremayne lived ; I went to her home at night, and found her there with another lover.' ' Another lover !' exclaimed the girl. ' No, no ! I cannot believe that.' ' But I tell you that I did ! I saw their shadows on the blind, and I waited until they came out into the garden. I heard words of love— I Veard kisees.' ' And then ?' ' I demanded who the fellow was, for my heart was bursting with jealousy, rage, despair, and my life is wrecked — is desolate.' Lady Frances was silent for a few minutes ; then ahe looked up, saying : 'This a sad story, Athol, but I cannot believe that this man was a lover if Marian Tremayne was your promised wife. What explanation did she offer, or were you to angry to listen to her? De pend upon it, you are wrecking your own life by your own impetuosity — by your temper and your pride.' ' No, no !' he laughed harshly. ' I am surprised that you defend her ; I did not expeot that you would, and yet I am glad. She refused to tell me who the man was ; she could not deny her wicked ness — her guilt, but became indignantly heroic, and ordered me to leave her forever ! She declared that she hated me for suspecting her — that she would not marry me if I begged of her to do bo on my knees.' 'That is proof that she was innocent «f any wrong,' Baid Lady Frances, firmly, a new light coming into her eyes. ' You forget,' he went on, brokenly, ' that what I saw with my own eyes was what I had been told to expect. You mean well, Lady Frances, but the goodness of your heart leads you into sophistry that is worse than fallacious. I would give the whole of my fortune if I could believe you— I would give my fortune to know that I had misjudeed the woman I hoped to make my wife — the only woman I can ever love. I feel that I have in a measure done my duty by telling you all, and I shall go away knowing that you do not quite regarl me as a, villain.' Lady Frances was too agitated to speak fora few moments ; then she took one of his hands between hers, and he felt a warm tear fall upon it. 'lean never think ill of you, Athol,' she said, ' and am sorry for this trouble that has come into your life. I know that it must be terrible.' There was a slight catch in her voice, and she pressed one hand to her side. ' I know that it must be terrible, but you have misjudged Marian Tremayne.' He rose with a Had, hopeless sort of smile, and pressing a light kiss upon her cheek, whispered : ' Good-bye.' ' For the last time ?' ' For the last time,' he said. ' Speak for me to your mother and mine. I don't want any fuss, and I feel that most of my sorrow is due to the countess. Some day I will forgive her; I cannot; quite do it now. I can see that she exults over my defeat.' ' Athol !' ' It is true, Frances. You are my only woman friend. Your are enshrined in my heart forever.' ' But you will tell me where you are going ?' she asked, her face wet with tears. ' I do not know myself. Good-bye.' He pressed her hand tightly, and was gone. Lady Frances could restrain herself no longer, but fell to the floor in a swoon. In this state she was found an hour later by Lady Travers and the Countess of Lytte. The 'countess had seen her son's note and followed him to Lady Travers'. She was in a state of great agitation, and when she knew that he was really gone, she felt that her plans had ended badly indeed. ? . ? (To be continued.) 