•I" • NL! PEULL" AN OUTCAST. A1 'JOg3lPfH OOC INQ , "&ah; eo The g eyof Andrew Vatrfax, Ja s Ba strbaook," " jZllah," &e;, [AsL. BIoe='s Ilea'nVaj Punbisksw by special arrangement with S Mes"rs Ward, Lock and Bolden, Limited. [&zLLa; ntOT5 BEsEaVED.] S CHAPTER II.-CorNTINasn. S A few days later Mn; Roberts returned from- Melbourne. He had not enjoyed his visit, he said, and was not so keen at bargaining as he used to be. He hoped Ishmael would go in the future, and then he looked towards his daughter, as if wondering whether the young man had spoken while he had been away. "You posted my letter P" said Ishmael, at length. "Yes," replied Richard, "I managed to do that, and I bought a paper for you., I thought you might be -interested in it. It's an oldish one, but I see it's printed at Truro, and as you told me you corned from. the West of England, I knowed it would interest you more than a later one that might be printed in London. Here it is, The West Briton. - The chap as sold it to me told me he only got it by accident." He handed the paper-to Ishmael, who went out alone to read-it. It was the frst communication he had receive .from there, * and where his heart's love still remain'd, and he wanted to be alone and in silence ei he" eadit. The first page interested him but little, neither did the second, although he read several items about the markets of Bodmin, Liskeard, St. Austell, and many other places with a curious feeling at heart. It seemed so strange that he, away in Australia, should be reading accounts of the doings of people in- the county of his boyhood. Presently his heart gave a throb, and the-blood rec'ded from his face, while for a second-his hands trembled so that he dropped the pap-r. He picked it up again immediately, how ever, and'this was what he read: " There were great rejoicings at Coombs head, the seat of Francia.Retallick, Esq., on Wednesday last, on the homecoming of Mr. Frank Retallick with his fair young bride. Our readers will remember the festivities on the oc.asion of their mar riage, recorded in this paper. some time ago. Since then they have been tothe South of France, and Italy, also across the Mediterranean to Algiers. Evidently they have spent an exceedingly happy honey moon, for both look well and very Joyous The young bride, especially, entered int) the spirit of the festivities on Wednesday, not aulowing the shadow which fell on her life by.the sudden and sad death of. her father tointerfere with the nitural gaiety of :the occsion. We heartily cish the o': ring coupl$ eery blessing,:aid have'-fo :..do~bt that in due time the yonng.-rquirs : wal r?epresent urir interests in the:fHouee of tlocjmons as brie of-dour county memb g t'r, Ai: fi st Ishmnel read this an ae Bazed, 4?stracted sort of way, but prestIhrj~jts Si , meaning~-ea became more clear to- iin. Giiace, the maiden whom he had fondly called his Grace, had wedded Frank Betallick. She had fulfilled her vow. He knew what was become of her now, and a shadow as black as night had fallen upon hi m. . Alt these azonths. in spito of everythinig; ' :he:bzal'"a sort of hope that Grace would refuse to become Retallick's wifa.. Sqrely she who had, copfeqsectdbar hive?f??o Jlml w . ho had auti gtQ Iim whem hle biak bee go, would never'. fulila' piomise insile iii a m oinent figad fren?;zy: Not that he pi pectied heso softenid her feelings towQardi birm, -.fb;he had driven her: father-, t .,..'death; 'ut he had .a sort of feeling- that somehow~she would refuse to link her life: S with a ma? whom on her own coiifession she did not love. But that wae? ove?e now. He read that she was gay and joyc?d _" that she had forgotten all sadness, ay ;mnd forgotten her fond vows of love which she had made to him. ; . He laughed a hard-bitter lapgh, lie the Ishmael of old time The cold cruel loon came back to his eyes, his face becamns. sullen and cynioal, like it was beforo:ht' realized his love. For a momenthe.almost regretted the step he had taken, and felt tempted to go back to England and cuTiiz: his rights. Why, should' he not P Why should this false, fickle creature enjoy his wealth with a man for whom she had for saken him P But this feeling only possessed his heart for a moment. No sooner did the -thought enter his mind than he repelled it, for he felt that his love for Grace was as strong as ever. He dared not.ruin her happiness by going back. No, no; the sacrifice should be complete. He would be as nobody, he would spend the few years of. his life. in loneliness and solitude, and then he would die, unknown and uncared-for. For hours he walked alone in the solitude of the Australian :farm,and alone he fought his battle. Surely it was well for Grac' that she did not know, well for her that in her ease and gladness she did not realiz that this great-hearted man dragged out -hours of agony because she had discarded him. Still, hefelt that somehow God was just. S-. ee ought.to be happy, for she was free from guilt, while he. who had sown the e eds of hate must reap. And he was reapmg, reaping a harvest that.was :maddening him." He realized more than ever that nell was not a place, that it was a'cb'odition of the heart and life, and that whether in England or in the solitude of A~~ itralia, it mattered not, for he 'carried hispgorrow with him. Still, he could not help loving Grace. Tine, she was another man's wife, and she had condemned 'him without fair .judg : - mit, but this could not-kill his love; ay, and he was glad of his' lve, too. It was s~till the bright spot inhis life, it was still . one ray that shone from heaven. While .laJoved her- he was not a lost man, and through it, hopeless though it was, he was sated from the darkness of despair Thus, to*, his hopeless love made him feel that there must be a world boo end, and that in that great life he would claim as his the S eart.he did not,understand. A.. nd. thus, ofter many hours of battling,. \- a sort of peace came upon him. He knew the[ worst, and after a time a great quiet : "stre?gth.came into his heart. Somehow, his sorrow, ay his very despair, led him S oautintoa larger hope and life, Dim yet, " ut setill not unreal; and he filt that some " hdw. the God who had given the harvest so S- ustiy,,would in thegreat sweep of Eternity SA~iplin to him, so that he mightexplain to ": er e, e mystery of their past pain. On:'. t following day he noticed how \- id na costiderate Mary Roberts was, aid he saw, too, how anxious her father .... -was'fo6 him to take the burden' of respon " sibilit. and care from his?sh4ulders." But he could not think of: that yet; perhaps in time he might see that the course.of his life lay.in that direction. • The weeks still. passed: away, and S engthened into months, 'nd 'Ishmael be cames.rcustomed-to the-thoughit of Grace S"beipg the wife of Frank. Retallick, but the love that aurgedl in his. heart for her was ' ' asgreat-is ever. Then suddenly.he awoke to the thought that it wvas a sin to: encour age-this .lore.. She was :?upther's, she culd never be his: Wsstit not hie duty to asdk to kill such anaffrtioo, and td ,rive ,al} thoughtseof heraway from hir mind P. iP?reaps,;if he wedded .Maty Roberts, he mnight forget Grace-rat'lOeh., is that way. ay i,ý'r ,yil''saw more mlnd Inore what' S'~t e, simple-minded' girl this .child of axde .was, and saw, too, ;ow gladly she received every kind wordhe aspoke. Should ap notesk her to be buhip uNfe, al hen, be' cause of his duty to her, he would crush the love he felt for Grace. What be might have done I know not, for he began to feel careless about happi ness or sorrow. He desired to do right, but somehow, his mind was clouded and a great weight rested upon him. But his interest was slightly aroused by a message from John Fraser. asking him to come and give him some advice in r,'lhtion to his stock. He had had very bad luck, so he said, and " his ideas " wouldn't do, and he wanted lshmael to come, and give him a h.Iping hand. Accordingly, one morning Ishmael started to visit John Fraser, thinking, no doubt, that that worthy had squandered his money, and was in trouble generally, but never dreaming that his visit would again link his life to the sorrow of the past, and again place dread alterna tives before him. Yet so it was, for "The wheels of God grind slowly, But they grind exceeding small" And so, in spite of his hopelessness, he was still led onward by a path .whiob he knew not. CHAPTER- III. LONELY. VALtlY. h" If thineenemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink."-ST. PAUL. "The'quality of mercy is not strained; It droppeth, as the gentle rain from heaven, Upon the place beneath; it is twice blessed, It blesoelth him that gives and him that takes : 'Tie might iest in the mightiest ; it becomes The throned monarch better than his crown It is an attribute to God Himself ; And earthly power doth tlen show likest God's When mercy seasons justice." . • -Merchant of Venice. " Well, Fraser, what's wrong P" "A man of honor, of principle, of con: science, of idans, can't get on at all," re plied John gravely. " Been taken in P'' " Bought some head of cattle cheap, and they turned out to be diseased. They've all died, and my money's gone "Ah, said Ishmael wearily, tell me how you stand in other matters." A few minutes later, he - understood John's position. It was not nearly as bad as he expected, but was still bad. He needed cattle greatly, and' he had no money to buy. There was no grain to sell, the time for shearing the sheep was not yet come, while to sell the sheep to buy bullocks would be a matter of robbing Peter to pay Paul. On the whole John was solvent, but he sadly needed a helping hand in the way of ready money. " Do you know of any cattle for sale P" asked Ishmael. "Yes; a man has some to sell in Lonely Valley." " I'll go and have a look at them," said Ishmael; "you may get them .cheap. If I see fit I'll buy some, I'll take your shepherd with' me, and you must do hie work." '-(-But surely I'm 'the man to go with you," said-dohin, with dignity. . " li,":saidr sinael ;. " I couldn't stand your company." FR we}t away towards Lonely Valley, takingFraser's sheplreadwwithohim. Lopely ;Valley was _'.plas e wor.hy" its name Slrround'd by a range of hills, it was hidden from sight, and while one end of the valley contained good fertile land, the other was a miasmatic swamp. A more lonely place could not be found in the wilds of Australia. After some searching they found, not the farmer, but his servant, who stated that be was empowered to sell the cattle. Ishmael did not like the look of this.f lloav, enid ie idltkly discoeeted that.' itsl'man wis- exceeliisgly anidhneto 'ale aro'sagain :t apri fbei below -'their valuk:rat hi 'thaui not sell the cattle at' all:.- . .. . •' W?:here .is your master ?" he asked, prepently. i The man turned his finger northward. I' Iwill go and see him.'.' .".It's 'nm tire. He wean't see nobody. He keeps out of sight, and never speaks." Why P. ' What's his name P" " He's a queer "man, be's allays looking rouad as though he was 'fraid. He told me I could sell the bullocks. His name is John Green," Ishmael watched the inan closely, and felt convinced that something was wrong. " I'll go and see him," he repeated. "No use," said the man, kicking a stump if wood uneasily, "he waan't see you; besides, he's ill." "111:i What's the matter with him ? " " I: unnow, and don't care. I'm not goin' to stay here. 'Tis lonely enough to make a.man die of the blues. How much '11 'ee give for the cows?" " I must see your master," said Ishmael. "Come,- Bill," speaking to Fraser's shep herd, "we'll drive the cattle to Green's house." "No," said the- man sulkily; "what's the use?'! -Then he garnished his language with several oaths. SWithout a word Ishmael drove the cattle towards the farmer's house, the man fol lowing and expostu:ating. When he saw that they paid no attention he turned and left them. Evidently he had been seeking to serve bis own ends. After a time they came up to the farmer's house-a poor, dreary-tooking shanty built of rough slabs of wood. There were no signs of life any where. ` "The place do nluk deserted," said the shepherd. . ;lshmael rapped:the door of the hut with his stick, and in reply heard a faint murmur, whereupon he entered. Lying on a low bed in the ccrner of the room he saw the form of a man. He could nbt'see his face, for it was turned towards the wall, but he judged him to be ill. "1 heard you had some cattle for sale," said Ishmael, "and I came over to look at them. I d d not like the look of your man, and so I thought I'd come to you. I did not know you were so ill." The man on the bed moved uneasily, and groaned. " 've been ill in bed for a week," he said, in weak voice; "before that I could do nothing for a long while. The old woman left me, while the man has been selling everything without consulting me." "We thought so much,'' said the shep herd, "hthat'slwhy we come to you. But be you 'ere all'lone like this P Don't no body tend on you lik4P Who gits yer .pait P' " ' f don't want any one," . said the sufferer, "I can't eat, only want drink. I've got a jug of water.'' As he spoke, Ishmael's hand trembled, and his eyes shone strangely. " Go out and keep your eye on the cattle," he said, in a husky voice. The man obeyed, leaving Ishinael alone with the gufferer. "'It surely cannot be," he muttered. "No, no;" but he wont up to the sick man, and pulled away the handkerchief which had partly oovered his head, H6 eaw the fae of a man, slightly past middle ace, who . had :evidently been shamefully neglected, and was in a terrible condition. All this, however, did not hide the identity of the sufferer. It was BReuben Pen viteia? I For amoment Iehmnael was too astonished to speak-; the man. -whbm he thought dead was not dead atall, ,and, in spite of everything,- a grteant ioy csme into hi heart ?e had nob killed b -isa But this was only for amoment. ]eneube Pen widben :alive or Reuben Penwitho~ n deld could not avail now, for Grace.bhad made he Choicte,' she had taken her final st?ip. The suffnrer 'looked up towaidi ias ioeitor with S l~nguid stare.: Eviddeitly thi fey 'pineutd of.;:reaon whi.h: hes. h.~d pogeotsed5 werp nearly gone. " Wdi a~re you P" he;said vagantly. "FMy-God!,' exclaimed Isehmel. - trt is he I it is lisuben Penwithen r' ' ' ' " What-:is-that P" said the': ik man.. ..,,. -.thco s, and ... . e ,: -, - ?s ,b, young cattle, they all went away, and I am so thirsty. Oh, my poor head ! Never mind, there's a good spring at the end of the house, and nobody can find me -here. Yes, I'm safe, I'm safe !" He was quite delirions now, and knew not who was near, while Ishmael realised that his breath was fetid and laden with disease. The young man went out into the open air, and the world seamed a changed place. Bill, the shepherd, was smoking, while thi cattle quietly grazed; all was quiet and restful, and yet to him all was turmoil and confusion. In a few minutes he realised how things stood. Reuben Penwithen had not committed suicide, doubtless he had been afraid when the time had come, and, instead, had left the country because he was sfraul of the law; He had come to Lonely Valley necauso it was the loneliest and least fre quented place he could find. All had gone well for a time ; but, when he became ill, the servants had, no doubt, taken advantage of him, and robbed him, and, to end all, they had left him in his sickness and sor row. Thus the man who had blighted his life lay ill, perhaps dying, lonely and forsaken. The nearest neighbor was many long miles away, and he was without food, help, or friends. The fate which Ishmael, in his young days, had hoped would befal Reuben Penwithen could scarcely be worse than this. Truly, he was avenged I The man's life seemed largely in his hands now. He had no friend, no deliverer I Well, why should be care 1 No doubt the days of his children's mourning were at an end, they had become resigned to his supposed death. Why should he trouble, then ? This man had blighted, ruined his life-let him die I If-ah, if Grace's fate were not sealed, had he not seen that terrible noespaper paragraph, it might have been to his advantage to risk his life by nursing the faver- stricken man bark to health, and have taken him back home, and then to have said to Grace, "Sue, I have saved your father, and have brought him back to you." But that could not be now, She was the.wife of another, and had entered gleefully into the wedding festivities. Sup pose he .left him, who would know, who would care? "An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth." For a long time this feeling possessed him ae he wandered alone among the forest glade'. Yes,.he would take the shepherd back, and leave him. Perhaps he might, for decency's sake, tell about the poor wretch dying alone; but that would be all, for he knew.of co one who would come and nurse hm. Evidently he was suffering from an attack of fever, the nature of which was well known and greatly dreaded, and ho was sure that even if a nurse could be got to attend him, she.would not come till too late if he were left alone now. And why should not this be the case ? He, Ishmael, was a soured, hopeless man; why shueld he seek to nurse his enemy bacite to life, and send him back to huh children 4 SI' say, boss, what are '' agoin' to do 1 It'll be deak in three hours, and there's a journey o' fifteen miles," shouted Bill. "It'll be bright moonlight," said Ishmael shortly. " True; but I wants to git back, I do." "'Very well, we'll go together," " What about the baitse " " Let them stay." " And the sick man I s'pdse that sneak ot.hiall come back to nurse him ' "Jtiet so,!r said Ishm'ael. They had walkedt perhaps a. htihdred bards, while'thd cattle looked wistfully after them ;-then Bid said,:. "! Seems kind o' bad to leave 'nn, don't 'it i" " Why ? will you go and nurse him P" "Not me, Besides, his can man-that is -he looks as though he's got the dark fever." •' He's left him; you heard him say so. Besides, he's triedto rob him." "I don' know nothin' 'bout that, but 'isn't for me to go back and tend to run.'" ' Ishmael sspped sudddnly. ' Bill," he eaid; "you've'got the dog.: YqPw coupd take those cattle'bank," : "I deasay." -:. ." Then do it, and tell: Fraser to send .ord to Mri Boberts that I shan't be back for` a time. I'm going to get a nurse for-him." " But, bat- " "That'll do. Do as I say, If yon can't kat back to-night you can turn into Harris's place; he'll put youe up for the night," "All right." They turned back, and a few minutes later Bill was drivin? Reuben Penwithen's cattle toaraes John Fraser's farm. Then Ishmael went back to the hut where Renben Pen. withen lay. He stopped at the door and listed.. The sick man was delirious. He talked loudly about Grace and Bertie; he accused himself of being a murderer, all for gain. " Grace is breaking her heart I" he cried cried, "And so is Bertie. My poor chil dren I Ah, they don't know, Yes, they do. They will have found out their father's a murderer. That fiend, Ishmael, will let them know, Then they'll loathe me, for they'll be ,corned by everybody; and yet I love them so. Mly poor Amelia's children I" "I'll do it for Grace's sake," Ishmael said " She is another man's wife but I love her still. I'll nurse him for her sake. If he dies, well, I shall have done my best; and if not, I can tell him the truth and send him back happy. At any rate, I shall have made Grace happy-and she, oh, God help me I" He still loathed Reuben, he still felt that all the gladness of his life had been taken out of his Iffeby this man; but, at any rate, he would do his best. He entered the house again, and as he did so, he felt the air co be full of disease. It was httle he knew of nursing, but in his varied reading he had learnt enough to know the general Cbnorse of this fever, from which, no doubt, Runben was suffering, After watch ing him an hour, and remembering what he had said, he came to the conclusion that the patient must have been suffering for some time. On his own confession he had been in bed nearly a week, while before that he had been unwell. From what he had read and heard he knew that while the fever gene. ially came suddenly, and revealed itself in a shivering fit, sometimes the poison of the disease worked slowly, and caused listless ntis, loss of appetite, and wandering painsin the body. This had evidently been the case with Bruben. He noticed that the tongaue was dry and brown, while the teeth and lips were invested with the morbid epithelium which had been shed. The pulse was weak biu freqaent. From these symptoms he concludnu that the fever must nave been in the system for nine or ten days. If thai were so, the next four or five days would be most critical. A doctor had told him that death seldom occurred after the fifteenth day of the disease ;: hence every care must be taken, Why had he not told Bill to run.for a doctor But then he reflected that doctors were not of great skill or cleverness in the bush, and might ..not be of so much value Still, he wished he hlad thought of it, for now it seemed. impossible to take any steps in that direction, He dared not leave him, for he knew tha? patients sufering from this disease often tried to get out of bed, and thuaif no one were near, death would be al most inevitable. Still, he hoped that in a day pr two some one would come, He was glad now- that he had studied doctors' books years ago, glad that he had a general knowledge how to proceed. He remembered much of what his mother ha4 told him as a boy. Like most women living in lonely neighborhoods, she had a knowledge of the use of herbs, and she had told him, Of the science of medicine, how ever, he knew next to nothing, and, even if he did, the knowledge .would not have availed him now, for he was far, far away from any place where drugsof any sort could he obtained. .He started to work, first of all caring for the comfort of his patient, He caused the atmosphere of the room to be made sweet, and then fearched among the boxes in an adjiting goo'm for glean clothen.. Tenderly as a woman, he.did all In his po:er to make the be'd more pleasant on which -to lie, and then he began to search around for some thing in the way of food. - He went out into the yard, bat could see nothing suitable.. He came in agaia and looked ito the kitchen,.which had ales been uted ea spantry, There was little of imme 1eate itirvidhere, but he found a sal hand. ;mill and some irheat. Presently he espied a :{un and a bag containing cartridges. This .he immediately loaded and went out again. the evening was drawing in, but there was fight enough for him to see a couple of birds, These he shot, and prepared to cook them. It was strange work to Ishmael, but he managed pretty well, antl in a little while had prepared a teesty dish. Reuben Pen 'withen was still delirious, but he took the aoup Ishmael gave him, and his bed being more comfortable, he lay with more ease. :Phis over, he arranged a simple meal for himself, and then went out into the open air again The night had come on now, and all was silent as death. So great was the silence that it seemed to make a noise. The moon shine brightly, and the air seemed pure; but the loneliness was terrible. He .reflected that he was miles from the nearest house, and that Lonely Valley was generally: der soerted. No doubt Reuben Penwithen had chosen it for this reason. Perhaps too, this was why his servants, left him, Everything was terribly strange. In the morning he believed him dead, and he hated his memory, now he was caring for him as if he had been his frien , or brother. Why was it? He had wanted to leave him, but could not, something forebade him. He-had come back to nurse him; perchance, to see him die. How silent, how dreary, how lonely I And yet he felt happier than he had done for a long while. Why .as it? He could not tell. He went into the hut agaia and lit a little oil lamp, and this could see his patient. lie murmured constantly about Grace, and Blrtie, and Penwithen, also about the ghost of some one, who, he said, he could not recognise. And thehn again, he seemed to worry about his farm, tnd the way his ser. vents treated him. But he was not wild in his delirium, and he spoke like one intensely weary. Ishmael went out again, The terrible silence of the night seemed to have a fasci nation for him. How long would it be be fore some one would call? Surely Bill would let Fraser know what he had said, and Fraser would send to Richard Roberts. In two days at latest, some one would come. He was conscious of 'a carious smell in the air he was breathing. .Scarcely a breath of toind blew, but he fancied that now and then there was a slight moveiment in, the samos there, coming from a northward direction. The smell became stronger. He looked, and saw a vapour rising froni the' swamp, He had heard of poisonous vapoure coming from these swamps, which.h id a terrible effect upon some people. .He looked around him, the valley was hemmed in by hills. He began to think of the possible significance of this. When he entered again Reuben seemed more uneasy, and Ishmael detected that the smell had entered the:room. In his anxiety to sweeten the iir he had opened the little casement window, and thus set in the foul smell. He closiod it again as quickly as possible, but made a little open ing on the other side.. 'He knew the.value ot fresh air for such adisgase Presently the patient became more restful, and:sh mael, going to the other'side:of'the room, lay down to rest. :The night pssed slowly away, and when the morning came Reuben showed no signs of reason. Ishmael . did all in his power.; 'but he. longed with a great longing .for some one to come ; but he longed iti vain. The day passed withopt anything worth Ifdting.so did this peJ, and still the next. Noeone came, no help was 'afforded in any way. Reuben was always worse at night, especially was this the case when the vapour was thick. And so the two were together, alone. Reuben knew that he was carefully waited upon, but he did not recognise Ishmael. Ho took no interest in him, but the young man knew that, considering .all things, Reuben stood a fair chance of'recovering. The fifth' day came to an end; and still no one casie,; and ishmael began to lose hope. The few things which the old woman, who hadsicted as lReuben's housekeeper,had left in the little kitchen were nearly consumed, sind he kisew not how to get more; he knew, :too, that the. food he was able to obtain. for the sick man .was. not suitable. What could he do? For, in spite of himself, a great hungering desire came into his heart to save Reuben. ge knew not why, and yet at tiies he felt hes though he would gladly give his life for him.: Why was it?: Perhaps it was his helplessness, perhaps it was .because he wanted hini to recover 'for the sake of Grace ; and-yet this' did not explain suificiently. Why should his heart be sad when he was worse, and rejoice .when he was better? Why should' he almost delight in doing things that in themselves were almost loathsome, so that the patient might have comfort. Why did he long for his'recovery P Oh, if only some one would come P Why was it that he was left alone P The truth was that Bill did not get back to 'Fraser with the cattle until, the day after he had left Ishmael, and then he had carelessly mentioned the fast of Ishmael having gone to find a nurse for the sick inan, which might detain him days. This news F, aser did not communicate to Hichard Roberts until two days after. When Richard heard of it he did not see what he could do, and, as MIary had gone away to visit the neighbors mentioned in the last chapter, the farmer did little but grumble at I shmael's absence, and wonder, when, day after day, he did :ot come. Still, he knew that Ishmael did not care to be interfered with, and he knew, too, that he wa'athundantly able to care for him self.' ' Thui Ishmaelras left alon'ne with Reuben, who, :unaided by any humian skill, and with' only Mother Nature and common sense'to help him, fought a dread disease. On the filth day Ishmael realised that Reuben was better. 'H. was nwo longer deli rious, but he seemed like a child, He ap peared to rEognise him, but it made no im pression on him. But Ishmael wasnot sur. prsed at this. Perhaps, another day his reason might become clear. And so, indeed, it proved. The young man, seeing his patient ealcep in the aflternoon, bad gone out for a few minutes; when he came back he saw tbat a great change had come about, A look of intedlligence shone in his eyes, and he was evidensly carefulhy connecting events, As Ishmael entered, he looked up, half fearfully, half wonderingly. ' You are Ishmael, IshmaelPengelly I" he ,aid excitedly; "and you have nursed me to Itfe f" "Yes," replied Ishmael quietly. (To be Coniinueu.) 