INCONSISTENT PROCEEDINGS. It is Matthias Larkin's misfortune that though he indulged in a most fashionable variety of criminality,he fellshort some what of the definition of a "respectable criminal. He was a worktng man who rose to the dignity of an auctioneer’s rostrum, and then to the secretaryshipof a. building society. But somewhat of his working man manners and 'antecedents, and some of its associations roost un fortunately, as recent events show, clung to him even in the height of his- spurious prosperity. He never gob into society. Though he had money by tens of .thousands to squander, and to have his internal organs in champagne whenever he felt inclined, a grand house to live in, and plenty of costly pictures, we never remember having noticed Mr. Matthias Larkin’s name in the list of gentlemen who leave their cards at Government House on the Queen’s Birthday, nor in in the society papers o list of the gubsts at one of Mrs. Larkin’s garden parties, nor the lady’s name appended to the presents made to a fashionable bride on . her wedding. Poor Larkin, Criminal though ho be, and a criminal of a mean descrip tion at that, one cannot help seeing tbat he made a grievous mistake in not wriggl ing himself into the “right set” when he had the golden sesame, provided so abundantly by the South Melbourne depositors, with which to do it. ..On what other grounds can it be accounted for that such a glaring exception has been made in Larkin’s case. Why is he brought up and prosecuted, once convicted and sentenced, and then brought up twice more, prosecuted, convicted on one of the charges, escaping oh; the other oh a j lawyer's technicality,and again sentenced. [ Larkin’s crime was no* more a series of | orinW than or G.-N. Taylor’s | crifpes. Indeed, we will go so far as to assert that hia criminality .was no greater (than thateof some who within the last few | years escaped punishment altogether, some of them hot even .being - put, upon trial, though sums running into hundreds of thousands of other people's money dis appeared through their fiugors. However, we can only specifically refer to convicted criminals. Why* is G. N. Taylor whose plunderings . approached in magnitude those of Matthias Larkin, left unmolested in Pentridge dr./.-wherever he isj;: His original tentencowas four years;; Larkin’s was. six years. How oha newcount Larkin receives an additional five, years, It isia viodiq tivcsontepee of'cou rae, but wo have nqthipg (osay againßt that, fpr endeavor ' to .refine punitive systenrqf any country is of nr ceisity for the vindicator of its laws. What seems to us so utterly inconsistent isjbhat any one man. Hhould jbe. singled out for double, and treble otbStewhose primes were pf enormity escapedwith-suph colhparatively inadequate ftt-alli - To tfipJ-Ordwii law• authprities - should id rotation; hiring up all the land-booniors, banlc prbwoters andX’ank building speities ;and, .trading' company : -with: fraudulent .fipsblveuts. ;that >have under lock and key) file fresh indictments againstthem,;:ancG;‘have; a yhar pr. two on their septepote. 'oh; r second i thoughtewehp^be "The sooner tli^ of speculation and peculation a. I while ago swept over Melbourne and .is buried the better wil 1 itbofor thbcolony ■and tlie credit.' people/';. nothing to gained in bnngiog. jfb^th only one of.ifcs.ugly ghosts. IE we ft*®'to ■have a show of that description, let ins show be a'fuil one* Let it not be confined to ex-working men crhninalfl, but tor variety sake bring forth a ; few ot ino cribbed, cabined and confined ghosts or tho “respectable criminals.” It is notice able that in the second series of Larkin a prosecutions he was without the me *” s to engnge a lawyer to defend iwould probably have been convicted, 'lawyer or no lawyer, but a skilful advocate could, • there is every reason to believe, have so worked on the fool ings of ; the judge as - to ensure a nominal sentence, could have made a tolling point pf the fact that Larkin was virtually undergoing sentence for the crime for which he was again in the -dock. But Larkin, unfortunately for . him, was pumped dry before- he. was relegated "to JPentridge. So indeed, by a singular coincidence was Staples,, whilst even; Taylor had very little “ respectability ” left in his pockets, or hidden away where ihobould get at it when required; Yet there the parallel ends. ■ Staples and Taylor were In their time regarded as moving in a somewhat more “respectable" stratum, of society than Larkin. Hence, it, would apprar,. their ’immunity from further prosecution. Sympathy need not bo wasted upon Larkin the . individual eleven years/is none top severe punish ment for.such a man. But a protest can be entered againsi the inconsistency of singling him but, when so many, others .are lot alone. . Certain it is that Larkin .has no powerful friends ot court nor elsewhere,' Ho did not hit. on the happy thought of “ reconstructing" the South Melbourne Building Society. If , he had": he might,now, to quote Mr. R. T. Vale’s sarcastic but exprossiyb phrase, bo splash ■ing his victims with the mud from * his carriage . . -- f' j . EcnucAi Country' Uews, Monma and ! Government Gazotta f ill" bo found on bur first .page this morning. Fourth Page.— The following additional reading matter will be found on our fourth’ page this morning:—Mining Nows and Moles, J Tho Miners* Association. 1 To-Day’s Events. —Warden’s Court, 2 p.m. ; Emu Valley Water Trust,' 2 :p.jn. ; Rev. ’ T. Cook’s - mission, 3 and 7,30 p.m.; half yearly Francis Ormond (Mooro), 6:p.m.; final mooting MoNoill-Barko mission committee, 7.30 p.m.; Doyoa’ concert committee Eagle hawk Town Hall, 7.30 p.m.; public meeting re Women’s Franchise .question, Eaglehawk, 7.30 p.m,; opening A.N A. ball, 7.30 p.m.; football association, 8 p.m.; Loyal Heart of Friendship, 8 p.m. Goto, Amalgam, and Dividends.— The gold output for the past-week was about 4160oz. The principal returns wore :—John son’s Reef* 981£oz jClaronoo, 214oz; Catbo rino roof, 156oz; Garden Qnily, 146oz; Vic toria Consols, 102oz. Amalgam returns: Now Rod, White and Blub, lOOoz; Hercules and Energetic, 70oz; Confidence Tribute, 294-oz. Two dividends wore, declared—Victoria Con sols, 6d (£925), and Duchess of Edinburgh, fid (£600). Several calls are announced. A Wintry Dip in the Bendigo CReek.— On Saturday night at about 8 o’clock tbo pitiful cries and rhoanings of a man as if in deep distress considerably startled -tbo resi dents of Baxter street in the vicinity of the Bendigo Creek. Two young men named James and William Ladds ran to the spot whence tbo distressing sounds wore coming. They found, much to tboir astonishment, an old man floundering about in - tbo cold and muddy waters of tho creek mak ing strenuous, but unsuccessful,, endeavors to regain his foot, and at the same time exor cising his lung,capacity'to its fullest extent in' bellowing out loud and continuous entreaties ' for help, mingled with many loroibte epithets, Tho two young men with tboir united efforts succeeded io bringing.tho distressed one to land once again. After they had scraped him down and relieved him of sonic of tho mud, etc., clinging to his clothing they found 1 him to bo a well known identity named Benjamin Widdors, a frequenter of horse sale yards. Ho bad, it is thought,, taken more liquor than- was good for him, and whilst making his way homo, instead of cross ing Baxter street bridge, walked right into the I crook. 'There was a largo volume of flood water coming down, and bad it not boon . for tho timely assistance of tho two'young men the man would in all probability havo been 'drowned, ,Tho unpleasant immersion in the cold-water had tbo effect of sobering him: to a certain exlontj biit bo was practically helpless I I when assistance arrived. Ho was aftoi wards taken to'tiis bomb by his roscuora, very little the worse, beyond a slight cut 00 bis ..lore bead • ■ - Perks v. Redwood.— In this action the plaintiff, a well-known .farmer in tbo. Bridge water district, claimed from- the defendant (bis father-in-law) who is u largo landowner iir-tho same locality, a sam of £268, made up principally by work and labor done at various times extending over a period of eight years. Against this defendant sot off a claim for .work done, and moneys paid during the same period amounting to £27o, The case was set down for hearing-at the recent County Court at Inglewood, before Judge Gaunt, bat when, it was called on, Dr. Quick, wbo appeared for tho plaintiff,and Mr. Horan for tho defendant, announced that tboir respective clients had mutually agreed to a roforonce-of the matters in dispute between thorn to arbitration, in accordance with tbe provisions of .section 72 of tho County Court Act, 1890. The arbitrators appointed were Mr. M.G. Gibbon for tho.plain;.' tiff and Mr.. Thomas Sloan for tbo defendant, and they in turn appointed Mr. John Sloan to act as umpire. All three met at the Court House, Inglewood on Thursday last for the determination of tbe respective claims of tbo parties for whom Dr. Quick and -Mr. Horan. ; again - appeared. Considerable time was occupied in the taking of evidence, and counsel did not conclude tboir addresses until after 9 p.m., whoa, tbo announced that they would consider tbo evidence and deliver tboir award in the course of the next few'days. This they did on- Saturday last, awarding the plaintiff a sum of £90 -19s 8d and his costs ot' tho proceedings in the County Court.’cach parly, to. boar bis own. ookts of the arbitration. Tbe case excited considerable interest in tbo district in which both parties reside,and the intelligent, manner in'which tho. arbitratPrs dealt with the diffi cult and intricate questions involved met with the approval and commendation of all concerned. ’ Typographical Society.— Tho half-yearly mpbtiog of members of Ibis society was hold an 'Saturday - evening. There was a largo attendance, and Mr,. W. Byrne (president), occupied tho chair. Tbe report of tho board of management and. tbo balance-sheet -for the past half year wore received and adopted. The. following wore ducted as a .committee for the ensuing termMessrs. Caldwell, Roedor, Tdbuteau, Bourko, Sadi lor, Deans and I Curtis. Messrs. Farrow and Robinson were appointed trustees, and Messrs. Boors and G. W. Rainbow auditors. After dealing with routine business tbo meeting closed, i A Disorderly Meeting.— It would bo difficult to imagine a more extraordinary public meeting than, that of the Miners’ t Association on Saturday evening.- When tbo president was ruled, out of the chair, and the the vice-president re- fused to meeting, was- Ibft without, a' head, ' Tbo 'sober-minded' portion of tho meeting wore in-despair,how lo obtainrlhfs head. Thp . suggestion 'of.. tbo young bloods (as thoy had no bcad) to ■ “ use thp;tail'‘ was-rather impracticable and the rales dp opt provide for a better , one. Tho majority of the members, pros on t wore’ young I men. evident sympathisers with Mrs. Eenx worthy,; whoso olaiin for her deceased basbdnd ’g death-allowance tho majority of the com-' mlttoo is fighting against. .. As speaker after I speaker-jumped up and from force of habit chairman.and gentlemen,” they highly enjoyed the farce, and gave an boahdod scope to thoir hilarity. They shouted encouragement to tho speakers Or bowled them : down according : ,to their bpiniopf, pod; at limes Created suoban'uprbar that' not a word wb ioh' tb e apoaker was say ing could bo board. In littloKnotsabouttba room thoy. noisily digcusscd the crisia whiob bad arisen, ? And All tracek of order - worp. lost.”' The., squabbling was humoroasJkb'-a .degree' nt liibei. Oiie strapping-young- fellow seated' . himself on a high stool at the bead of ono of the tables,; jmd 1 .in-this ponspipuous position bo - inter jected and- Rickcd-his : foot -about' to his heart’s' content _Hbjvas a warm-, advocate of : tbe ; officers," and: 'loudly applauded eachpoint they made. Ho< and Mr. Doblol .Fleming (bad- several' interchanges, ” An ex change of dompUments between Mr. Star bury, ;y,hja-- ponvdnpr of'the- meeting,- and one of , thevoomrpittpe was; rather , spin tod while.it lasiedi Tho latlcr pcpusod the former of “packJpg’’the mooting,'butthe accusation was iodigpantly d.onijod. Mr.; fell: foul; of by doubting tbo' pirjct; acodrapy of-one pf bio sJatoiaoDjts' that elips/of 1 'Sfiread* hot sben .PdA X When tbo - ipopting was ; p solved fcbo uproar bccamo wptso, and jl lboked at one .time as -if tbofo wore going to bo a frep flgUt.-Thowbolonffairwaspbjtbo'rfiai/yJog; norofeditable. . ' - ; The New A.N,A. -Hali. —Thb'now ba|I of the S4hdburat branoh -oP : tho AN,A- will bo fdrinally:bponod this .ovohlng, ■.-At 7.80 tho guests will ossbhiblo in Iho billiard room, ;C. Daley, will dpliver aa ppeningraddrass. banquet will bp hQld 'ib. the'large hall at S.SO. The visitors wil 11 riplude represehtallves ’■ of lho Ministry bnilvGlbpr membefs. of Parliament, and also representatives of branches pt tiw froihmariyparta of the polony, iholuding'Mr- O. Iftlzsimmons, president ol the board of directors/ ' / . • V:' • • Chilled M EAT Company.—Saturday next will holhb last day for receiving Applications for shares: in-the chilling-woidts Company, During /the week tho aeorotary, Mr., D., Wnlkor, wjlloonvass *s follows :—Wood*U>oky to-day y Sbelboarnc/ to-morrow; and Jkaane cobrio on Wednesday,.. Playing Unlawful Game.—A China man named Ab Along was propopdod against; at the City. Police Court oil Saturday before' i Messrs Heinz (mayor), Rundollandllliog* worth, for playing died in a publio plheb. l’ho unfortunate Chinaman, H appoars, endeavored to earn a ponny or two at ibo City Market; bn Saturday morning by . throwing dioo for Soa nuts or lollies. The constable on duty' tore told him (bat he was acting illegally,bub. “John" did not consider thb bffenao 'Of suffl r ; cipot enormity to bo the moans of gelling him' into trouble, for, be continued biuinokß, Xbo constable then arrested him and the dice. In court the oonetoblo stated that tbo Chinaman encouraged .little, boys to gamble with , him for his goods. It. was about 4 o’clock that-morning (Saturday) that: bo arrested biro. Tbo mayor inquired if (hero.: wore boya about at;that Limo of tbo morning, and tbo .wilnosav,explained that tbo youths' referred, to wore, newspaper runners, who wore attracted there by the Chinaman and his : goods, - “ John" appeared to bp id a complete oblivion regarding tho nature of tho proocod ings instituted against him, oud bis know ledge of English, was apparently decidedly limited, for the only response that Could be elicited from him when be was asked wbat bo bad to say was, - “ Boy give me penny for peanut." Sab-inspector Murphy suggested (bat the defendant should ho remanded until Monday, In, .order that in (bo meantime arrangements' could ho made to have an interpreter to explain to the Chinaman, the nature of bisiilfunae. - It was, perhaps, more serious than it. appeared to bo on tbo surface. The. Chinaman, encouraged little, boys to stay around ;about;him gambling, and tho practice ought to bo stopped. : The mayor remarked' that tbo offence was serious, and granted a remand until Monday next. The Chinaman was afterwards bailed out by two of bis countrymen. An \Assault Cask,—An assault oaso, in which .wore. some, rather amusing foaturcsj was on Baturday at the City Police Court, before the mayor (Cr. Heinz) and .Messrs. JRundoil and Illingworth, The two. parties interested wore William Henry Ryall, a young man, I and Richard Griffin, an elderly individual; The latter,, it was alleged, struck, young Ityal] a violent blow. In the face on Monday. last,'and a deep out visible on that yopng oihu's nasal, organ when in court fully boro oat this .testimony. It appears that tbo two paellas Concerned are relative*, ond .side.near one another at Oh tho 20th' instant Griffin accused Ityal I of putting o', calf In bis orchard and leaving it. there over night, hat taking the precau tion to remove it in tbo morning. Ryall denied Ibis allegation, and said tjiat bo was prepared to bring a witness io prove that bo was hot guilty of such an action., He also asked tbo defendant whether bo meant to imply that be was tolling a lie. Upon this. Griffin committed tbd assault. Tbo, solicitor for tbo defence said that bid client, who was deaf, understood Ryall to say that .bo was a liar, and consequently knocked him down. Bat as to tbo man’s deafness tho bench, as vveli as. every person, bad some reason to doubt (bat bo wos very, severely affiictod. When witnesses wore giving ovidonoo against him bo frequently made interjections, which would .load one to boliovo that'ho bad a very fair-knowledge of wbat was being, said. -In foot, Sergeant Kllfoddof was compelled to threaten him with contoihpt of court before bo oould. be induced to keep quiet. How* over, when bo got in tbo witness box ho appeared to bo suddenly badly af flicted. Tho clerk of courts found U necessary to exercise tbo full power of bis lungs before bo oould make the interesting witness understand ' wbat bo was. saying. Eventually ,bo -was sworn - and' proceeded to make a rambling statement, contradicting almost, every word .of the ovidonoo already adduced. Mr. TatobeU found some difficulty in cross-examining .the witness,/and found some of bis answers. so very unsatisfactory ■and contradictory that he asked him if bo bad not been drinking. Witness, who was in n rather excited condition, scratched bis bead, thought for a few- minutes, ond thon reluc tantly .admitted .that ho bad taken a “ little drink.” that morning, /On one occasion daring tho course of .tho proceedings Mr. Tate bell caught tho wily individual napping. Ho asked bim a question- ib quite a low tono of voice and received an answer almost immedi ately.-- Tho cotipsol'drow tbo attonlioo-of tho bench, to this fact; and remarked; that, lha witness was apparently only foigning deafnoss. A fine, of 10s, wjth £1 3s costs - 'u as imposed, inr default- 48 hours. The Hoc.-was paid, immediately. . .Shire of Strathfibldsaye. --A special . mooting of toe.Htratlifioldaayo Bhire, Council; was hold at the office of the council, Bendigo, bn,Saturday attornoon. Present-Cre, Somor villo~(in tho ebair),; Burke, Burns, Condon and Abbott. Tenders, for the following works, were accepted ;—Spreading gravel on the M‘tvor ' road and- Eppalook. road, Patrick McGrath, - £4 lie 8d; spreading metal'bn- the Strathfioldsayo road, .Harry Rome, '£ll 6s Bd. A letter was received from. Thomas M'Lonn, asking the council to take action as soon as possible with reference to tho.exchange - of a portion of bis land at tbo Stratfafleldsayo township. On tbp motion of Cr. ,'Condon it was decided that tbp 'members for the riding and tbo secretary moot Mr. M*Lean on the ground.and.arrange as to the best route of the proposed'road. Firb in Nolan Stbei.—At twenty minutes past flvo o’clock on Saturday morning a fire broke out in a two-roomed weather board opitago ac the corner of Nolan and Ban nister street. Tho watchman in (be tower lb in king tbo fire, was out of the district did not ring tbo Alarm. About a quarter of an hour after tho Bridge street alarm was rung and Mr.'Conaidir.oof tho No. 1 Brigade took the horse reel in the direction ' indicated hub failod to discover any traces of tho lire. Tbo place which was totally destroyed was owned by Mrs. Allduet and was insured for £lOO.. -Tbo fire appears to have boon caused by tbo upsetting of a lamp, which Mrs.- AUdust bad left lighted beside tbo bed, owing the illness of one of hop . children, and she rising Sud denly knocked it over setting fire to tbo place, - .. Church op England, Marong.—On Fri day evening. (writoS.hur local ■ correspondent) the Rov. Mr,. Garlick, of Bendtgo^came to Marong for the purpose, of inducting tbo now incumbent, the' Rev. E. 11. Scott to tbo parochial district of Marong,--but for the reason given in Baturday’s. issue 'the rev. gentleman did hot strive. Consequently -the tnducting-oeromony had to bo postponed.. Mr. Garlick road the. evening service, the responses and hymns by Che choir, under the loadorsbip-6f Miss Violet .Hollingsworth wore creditably rendered. Tub Bendigo Debt LEADS.~Mr. R. O’Neill, M.P., has been infoimod by the' Mining department that Mr. Whitolaw, assis tant Government geologist, Imshben directed ip visit Bendigo . immodiatolv and complete tho geological survey of tho Huntly. and Bagshot'deep loads, whore lt was loftoffby Mr. Reginald H. Murray. He>(rill accordingly continue tho suryoy right /through to' Elles mere* A.Toper Drinks .Spirits of Wine.—A man: named John -Davidson whoso varied ex periences of drinking and' its effects have inyolved him .in voty unenviable positions,such as beingah inmate of the refractory word at the. hospital, bod anotbor advonture on Satur day. arising oat-of his failing for liquor. Ho was enSployod doiog odd jobs about - the hpsr pits! and on Saturday managed.to got'bold of > bottle,/of spl.ri.ta of/wine —that '.is crude alcohol 6o' dpgreoa over, prooL'. Thb, smell of the alcohol was enough for the -maoj' so ho soon Imbibed sufficient to bring /on delirium trpiuonß. The: police Wore bbmnfuni oaled with and Constables Gordon and Mon cribff hurried -to' the hospital., They- found him mpdpwtoly quiet but palpably suffering from the effects of his draught. ’: The jolting Tjf the cab on. the.way to the lookup. .however, shook him Up and revived bis energies anchbbj oommonoed'lo-struggle and shout; and: shiek.' When brought to tho- lookup, he developed aeatO' signs/ of delirium tremens his .phibf dolasiqn being.that tbings wbro growing' on" tho walls and these he. was oouataotlv' en deavoring: to pick- pit- ~ a ; : - /I '; Mb, P, - M,. D/^/GATtoiLrai/late was-not successful in getting -a Seat in - tlio 1 Yar'rawonga Shicp Council: Mr/D.-'/Aruotti'- tho roticing member for lhb Centralßiding./ boat hira' votes against 243.' Deaths' in tub Yaigler, aged 57, admittod on 2nd Juno/diod bn Satur day from phthisis, and Thomas: 2Q, admitted. 24th, Junbj dlod from oanbeW ' .■/ ; Til® Art Gallery, —Tho Vnumbpr-of .viei-: tomlast week. was 985, iboludiiig 348 on Sunday,; ; ' .-V 