OUR NOVEL. CtfOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] A SOLDIER'S LADY, BY WILLIAM P. MURDOCK. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] -? CHAPTER VI. (Continued.) " Violet," he said, after a pause, " you can be serious on occasion, and I think an occasion has come now. I want you to be my friend." "I've been your friends along Walter, if you only knew it. I hope I shall be to the end." " When I spoke of officious meddling just now perhaps you understood what I was referring to ?" "Not in the least." He hesitated for a moment. Milly had evidently thought it best to keep her own counsel in the matter so far. Should he do the same ? " I meant Mrs. Merrydew," he went on deciding the point. "I do not know why, but she has set her heart on keeping me and widely apart--" "Keeping you. start! Surely you are mistaken." " No, I am sure of it. Why, I do not know only that she is very much in earnest. So much in earnest, at any rate, that she has considered herself justified in writing to Colonel Martinet on the subject." To Colonel Martinet! That's very strange." " It is his reply to that letter, which she has received today, and which has upset her," he went on as if she had not spoken. ("Oh, he," thought Violet, this accounts for our little exhibition of intuition I haven't your man's intuition, Walter," she said diplomatically, " and I am very much in the dark as to what has happened and what it is all about, and as to how I am to be your friend." A We are all very much in the dark Violet. I don't think I am breaking any confidence in telling you that it has all arisen, apparently in some mysterious way, from the fact of Mrs. Merrydew hearing that Colonel Martinet had had an interview with some unknown person at his house." " Who was the man P" "Ah! that is just what we want to know. Mrs. Merrydew must have some idea on the matter, or she certainly would not have acted as she has." " And is woman's intuition right this time, if I understand that you want me to try and find out what Mrs. Merrydew knows, or thinks she knows about this man?" she asked, without feeling her interest very powerfully aroused as yet. " All's fair in love and war, Violet," he said with a laugh, "and I suppose that would be fair enough if it was done, but I don't ask that ("You would need very little persuasion, though," thought Violet' shrewdly, and meeting his eyes with demure attention.) " What I meant was that Milly has been, it seems to me, just about as much disturbed by what Mrs. Merrydew has told her as the old lady is herself, and I want you to do all you can to counteract her influence in this particular on Milly." Violet laughed. You young people and your love troubles. Yes, I promise to do my best, I will do everything I can." "Thank you, Violet. I am sure you will do your best." " Oh, indeed, I will ! You don't know the motive I've got," she assured him, as they shook hands on the bargain, and the old mercenary glint began to assert itself in her eyes at the thought of Jack and the two thousand pounds which was his price. " That being settled, I want to ask, and I want you to try and recollect as closely as you can, whether Mrs. Merrydew has ever let anything drop in your presence as to her previous knowledge of the Colonel's life in India which would throw any light on her conduct now ?" All that Mrs. Merrydew had said had been uttered so long ago that, pucker up her forehead as much as she would, Violet could recall little or nothing. There was a silence, and both felt it was a relief when Milly returned. Violet looked at her with a new interest now. Falconer, still gloomily prophetic, waited for her to speak. "Walter," began Milly seriously, 'I want you to do me a favour." Is it nerves or is it sunstroke ?" "It is neither; it is a trip to Christ roberts." 22 Mrs. Merrydew is going to Christ- church ?" "Yes; the letter she got was from Colonel Martinet, and he wishes her to come to him, forthwith-to Christchurch." " Rather a peculiar request, isn't it ?" "Not under present iron instances, I think-not when we consider the relations they stood in some years ago. Mrs. Pollock is to meet her at the station." "Who is Mrs. Pollock?" "The Colonel's housekeeper-the writer of the letter Mrs. Merrydew showed me. I thought I had mentioned her name. She is an old acquaintance of Mrs. Merry dew's, and took her place in the Colonel's house when Mrs. Merrydew left. The favour I want you to grant is to escort Mrs. Merrydew to the Colonel's resi- dence." " Is this wise, Milly ?" he asked, avoid- ing a direct answer. "Neither wise nor foolish, Walter. It is simply inevitable." He gave the conversation another dexterous turn. Thou are looking paler than you were. She has learnt something more. She has told you something that has disturbed you ?" " No, nothing. His letter is very short and contains hardly a word beyond the request that she should have a personal interview with him." Falconer probably did not notice it, but there was the faintest pencil mark of a frown showing itself between Milly's eyebrows. She was human ; she had noticed his unwillingness to close with her request, and thought he was carrying his prejudice against Mrs. Merrydew a step too far. " She is still intent upon the benevolent purpose she has hinted to you ?" continued the equally human Falconer, who looked at the request from his own point of view, and considered that Milly was carrying her credence in Mrs. Merrydew a step too far. " Is this visit not the very best way of setting all doubts, whatever they are, at rest, Walter?" she. said in quick mono- tone, and with the rapid glance at his face and away again, which is the feminine translation of lightning, as the Crown was the feminine translation of thunder-on a diminished scale. "I am glad of it for that reason alone." " It should be, Milly ; but in the first place those doubters cetera, are not only very insane in themselves," with an irritating complacency that created an atmosphere particularly favourable for a display of thunder and lightning, " but they are all on one side and then there are those nerves, that sunstroke,, and that awful Indian climate. For anything we know, it may only be the beginning of a fresh set of doubts. If Mrs. Merrydew gets rid of her present ones in Christchurch, she will in all likelihood invent some more in the train before she gets back here again." " Still the fact remains that she is going." "And the other fact," said Violet, bluntly, specking for the first time, " that you have been asked to accompany her and have not given any answer yet." It was impossible to find a means of further evasion, but even now Falconer considered a few moments before reply- ing. " I can only do it on. two conditions," he said, with the air of making a bargain of a commercial character. " One is, the journey shall be made the day after to-morrow, and that there shall be no Mrs. Pollock in the programme at all." " No Mrs. Pollock ?" " No Mrs. Pollock. I don't mind Mrs. Merrydew--if she makes it the day after to-morrow or to-morrow evening-but I have a horrible presentiment that Mrs. Pollock will be a stout, helpless lady, who will: make mistakes and miss us at the station, and if the two do meet they'll embrace one another publicly, and cause something unpleasant to happen. Let there be no Mrs. Pollock, Milly, to please me." His words were the words of what was meant for humour, but his manner, as before, was the manner of him who mourned. " I know the Colonel's house perfectly well, so there is no need for the 1 old lady to be put to any inconvenience." " If you wish it I will tell her," said Milly, somewhat puzzled, at falconer's tone, and fancying she detected in it a veiled slight towards Mrs. Merrydew. "And she will raise no objections," added Violet, with skilfully distributed emphasis. " Good-bye, Mr. Falconer," with a jaunty air of being; offended and of being glad of it be good enough to consider that we've gone back precisely three days in our acquaintanceship." CHAPTER VII. Mrs. Merrydew was only too glad to have the necessity of deciding for herself taken out of her hands and of a good excuse for deferring her visit to the Colonel. She made no objection to Mrs. Pollock being left out of the programme, thankfully accepted the latest date that Falconer had proposed, and counted the very hours till its arrival. And then, the days having dropped, into hours, and the hours into minutes, to hasten and hasten yet, the dreaded moment ; the journey to Christchurch being completed and the entrance to the ogres cave in the dark wilderness of Cashel-street confronting her, she wished she had accepted the earliest, for then the interview and her haunting anxiety would be over and done, and she would in all probability have been comfortably seated in her own room at the Bangalow. Falconer, who had proved the most attentive of guides, had another appointment. He saw the old lady safely to the door, with a promise to return before her interview could in the natural course of things have come to an end, walked into the yellow sea of fog that was rolling over the city, and disappeared. The air was so thick that the street lights seemed to be looking through half closed eyelids. Here and there the thick wrapping of gauze would become agitated, would precipitate blurred forms of vehicles, and then pass a wet, foggy arm across the dull state of the street and wipe them out again. People at the distance of a foot or two became ghosts, at the distance of a yard or two became footsteps, and beyond that were swallowed up and held in solution by the Sog. Mrs. Merrydew seldom came to Christchurch, and so far from becoming more at home in it, seemed to grow more and more confused at each visit. To-day she had felt herself in one unbroken eddy of confusion from the start, and had surrendered herself as passively as so much luggage into Falconer's charge, had been whirled through the air by train, stowed away in some kind of conveyance at the station, and cast up on the tide of the fog at the step of the Colonel's door. Presently that door opened and she entered. To her relief there was still a respite of a quarter of an hour the Colonel was engaged. She had expected to be greeted by Mrs. Pollock, but if that lady was in the house she did not put in an appearance, and Mrs. Merrydew felt lonely and nervous. Her courage shrank down to zero, and she sat with her handkerchief clasped in her hand to hide the restless toying of her fingers. The room in which she was at last received was rather dimly lighted. As she seated herself for her second momentous interview with the Colonel, she noticed that though fifteen years had passed since she last saw him, and though they had changed him in their course, it was hardly in the sense so far, at least, as outward appearance went-of making him feebler. His voice sounded thinner and weaker, but the grey tufts of eyebrow and in ous tache and goatee were no greyer than of yore, and there was no whit of a suggestion of diminished strength or vigour in his form. He rose as she entered, but did not offer to shake hands. There was no appearance of cordiality in his manner, and his formal expression of pleasure at seeing her was as unmeaning as the Dear Sir of an official circular. He was, clearly, very much offended, thought Mrs. Merrydew. It was an odd thing no doubt there usage but he fell so naturally into his old habit of standing with his back to the fireplace that Mrs. Merrydew was in Huddeypore again in a flash, and almost expected to hear the old questions of their first conversation repeated ; but she knew there was more serious business before her BOW than there was then. During the day on which you wrote to me," began the Colonel, abruptly," you received a letter describing an encounter I had with a-a-an impudent fellow in the-in ray house." " I did." " That letter was from Mrs. Pollock's-" I beg your pardon," interjected Mrs. Merrydew, in some alarm for her friend, " I mentioned no name in my letter." " You are, quite sure ?" " Quite." " Then who did write it ?" "I must decline to reveal the name of my informant," she continued, with as much dignity as an editor, and making a call upon the elasticity of her conscience. " and I beg that you will form No unjust suspicions not punish anyone wrongfully." " Punish-who spoke of punishment ! Yon are not good at this sort of game, Mrs. Merrydew-you allow your words and your manner to betray you." She bit her lip. She certainly was not good at that sort of game, and wondered in despair how many more mistakes and how much more mischief might be worked before the interview was over if she made such a bad beginning. " Let me beg of you, madam,, that you will keep to the truth during the remainder of our conversation No, no," breaking off suddenly as Mrs. Merrydew was about to speak, " I meant nothing offensive. I should have put it in another way. I can quite understand your wish to shield your friend. But that is too late now." "Oh, sir, I trust you will not--" " Now, Mrs. Merrydew, it is of no use ! I know just as well as you do that Mrs. Pollock wrote that letter. I decline to have a spy placed upon my actions Please let me go on ! I don't know what you may call it, but that is how it appears is to me. I call it spying. As a conse [ quence of that I can no longer keep Mrs F Pollock in my employ." " Colonel Martinez," said the old lady, with something very closely approaching dignity, " I beg of you that you will not be so unjust and so ungenerous as to let something for which I alone am responsible be visited upon the head of an innocent woman-" "I can only ask that you will allow this to be a warning to you. It is merely a consequence of meddlesome interference in other people's affairs which in no way concern you. If you continue in your present course I can only prophesy more., disaster. Yon are aware of the particulars of my life in India, and how painful it must be to have my unfortunate peat raked up and thrown in my face. I am not responsible for whatever evil there may have been in that past, and I know of no reason why you should have ground- less suspicions upon it." " Then, sir, if that is the case if my suspicions are groundless no harm has been done. Why dismiss Mrs. Pollock from her position ?" " That is my own affair. All you have done, you observe, has been to bring misfortune upon your friend. Continue as, you have begun and you will bring more misfortune upon your other friends." Mrs. Merrydew did not know what more to say, and gazed in silent distress. upon the floor. There was a long pause, and then she said slowly " You surely cannot misunderstand my motive, and I do not think you are one to place an ungenerous construction upon it." I only understand one thing that I will not have my peace needlessly and and cruelly disturbed by anybody, whosoever and whatsoever they may be. Still I have no wish to be unreasonable or cruel on my side. I shall leave Mrs. Pollock in her present position on one ground only." "And what is that ?" "That you and she correspond no longer. That no letter passes between you on any subject, and that, in fact, you, hold no communication whatever with one another in future." It was humiliating, but there was no alternative. There was only one way to prevent disaster and make reparation. " I am quite willing to consent to that."' Her suspicions had been aroused by the urgency of his tone; his suspicions seemed to be roused by the readiness of her consent. " Now I should like to hear from you," he said quietly, "if you will be good enough, exactly what your suspicions are." " I I have already stated them in my letter to you '-it was so much harder to repeat them to those grey forbidding tufts of eyebrow and whisker than to write them down at the safe distance of a good many miles. "I should like to hear unequivocally from you what they are," he insisted remorselessly. " They are that your son is still alive." " And that the man whom I saw is he." " Yes." "And beyond that?" "Nothing. You will at once understand why I have acted and what the the position of the family with whom I have been living-" " Why do you suppose that ?" "For the reason I gave you in my letter." " Now, Mrs. Merrydew, let us go back to a particular night in our lives-that night in India-" "I think I-I prefer that we should not. I went so fully into it in my letter." He looked keenly at her. " Oh, your letter, your letter, your letter. If as your letter, why not again now ?" " Because the memory is a painful one." " Humph ! Now look you here, Mrs. Merrydew, you seem to find the past painful, how do you find the future ?" " I am trying to keep the future from being painful to some whose peace I value very highly." " And I am trying to keep the future from being painful to some whose peace I value more highly still, madam myself." "Yourself?" " To speak quite plainly what do you suppose would be the consequences if-" MM. Merrydew absolutely strank together as she met his gaze now. It seemed to pass all over her face like a burning glass. She found she was formulating to herself the thought, " If the world knew what I know." Was that terrible glance absorbing her very thoughts ? It seemed so, for the Colonel's next words were-" If what you suspect were to become known, are you aware what that means for me came, a Colonel in the British Army ?" Mrs. Merrydew did not answer. (To be continued on Tuesday 