A MYSTEBIOUS DISAPPEARANCE. I BY KENNETH LAUDESDAIiB. CHAPTER XX.— (C!ontinued.) And with that Laird Tynddle ran to (to the nail door, with a wary eye on ERobin, who, reading- in a moment his fathers purpose of making his exit sad locking him in the hall, sprang after the laird, reached tjie passage first, and running to my lady's audi lence chamber, locked it instantly, pock eted the key, and leaned his back against the door, confronted his baffled ifather grimly. Foiled in each intention at its birth, [Laird Tyndale, growling heavily, took bis way to the court, and clanked about, sowing sedition between jny lady and her few Tower attendants, Bill up the glen tore the retainers of Bracken Hough. Then ensued a par ley, fierce and imperative. Ronald, ithe gate-keeper, swore that not a man should enter the court, without the leave of my lady herself, and Laird JCyndale, meditating and finessing to bis heart's content, and all to no pur pose, was forced at last to fall on the meek though trusty sentinel, and in a bearty hand-to-hand wrestle, to stretch Urn in stunned neutrality on the flags, iwhile he snatched the keys from him, Sand opened the redoubtable door him Belf. Tn they poured, three score strong, peasants, shepherds, and servitors, each drilled to the use of his weapon. find awaited the will of the laird. He made them a speech, this astute laird, a neat little speech that cooled their loyalty and heated their ire, that irombed their reason and awoke their Wildest superstition, until loud mur murs rose against the double-tongued maid Kilmeny, who vowed to save the bouse, and now was drawing back ifrom her word; and then he eloquently railed on Robin, who would not marry She May himself, yet upheld her in her rejection of his own brothers; and then sullen eyes looked into neighboring ieyes, and beetling brows met under eoekaded bonnets, and a dead Inll fell on the people— as stiff a throng as lever maddened party orator by snlken B&encc.; 'And now, men, to the attack. Well ihnrl yon doited sot from my lady's floor, we'll seize my lady, and well set (her in the deepest dungeon In Strath anore Tower till she marries Major Gavin. An' if he fails this second time in wooing, then, lads, you'll lose your lady, for the Doora bides na lang from the Judases and Jezebels o' Strathmore House. Forward, my ?nenr And waving his sword with inspirit ing gesture, the laird led the way to the foot of the stairs. But what is this assails his ears? Mumbled oaths— uncouth oaths, dis Benting murmurs, and open rebellion. 'And in the height of it, down stepped iBrown Robin, and stood in their midst. 'Rally, my true men I' shouted the fresh, breezy voice of the hunter. 'Who .-will fight for Robin and honor?1 And a rush was made— a shout— ft scurry, as opposing factions strug gled to suppress the gathering of Ro bin's friends to their leader, and the old laird fumed and stamped and roar ed commands, as his lean face grew blood red with rage. 'Who is for Strathmore?' screamed [Lord Tyndale. * And the two forces parted in the (midst, a goodly array on either side, jflie majority, alas, on the laird's. The leaders, father and son, eyed each other with hearty disfavor. 'Propose for my Lady. Kilmeny, and I shall leave the Tower with all my Jnen behind me,' growled the pompous I laird. Til neither propose for my Lady Kilmeny, nor will I leave a man whole enough to follow you in your flight !from her Tower,' quoth Brown Robin, l-etween his teeth, 'and, moreover, I flefy you to harm a hair of her head.' Then Laird Tyndale looked round S&a; the parted throng, a wrathy man. 'Pall on, lads,' cried he, in lordly Omnipotence, 'and first take Robin Strathmore, and bind him to yon pil fctr!' Hal ha! As easily might a swarm ojf midges carry down the bold eagle's nest from Morven Peak! They rushed and they hustled, they hacked and they tore; they forward leaped, and peli-mell spun back again. Yet, iBrown Robin stood firm as a rock in Hhe breakers, in the midst of his men. I And hotter waxed the conflict, as stoat warriors lay low on the court flags, and Robin's handful wavered, and closer pressed the virulent laird to take him, when, with a sudden sweep of the sword that cleared a space before them, Robin and two of his followers made a sortie, gained the foot of the stairs, and sprang like the wind up the flight to guard the door of the audience-chamber, where lay my lady, comforted by faithful Mysie. Then, for the first time, he drew his pistols— An unusual weapon in old Strattimore— from his breast, leaned his- back against my 'lady's door, and Idauntlessly gazed down the narrow passage to the stairs, where the first pursuer must appear. 'The first foe that crosses the land Ing is a dead man!' shouted Robin. And his penetrating tones reached to ? Sthe court below, where the laird stood triumphant, declaring the victory to his half-pleased men, and Robin's fol lowers lay groaning, disabled, or dead. And when they heard that, a sudden lull fell on the human tempest; the lit We phalanx advancing to the foot of ithe towers turned back. Laird Tyn jdale's evil face waxed diabolic. 'An ill deth may he die,' cursed the ! laird, at bay. 'Hand awa, lads! I'll gang mysel'. He'll no daur to shoot his ain father. Who'll creep in abint the shield o' my body?' And Black Balfour and surly Wed aerburn stepped forth. 'Hurrah for Strathmpre's laird!' shouted the retainers, ail. Thus the wiiy wolf hoped to reach poor Red RIdlng-Hood, and thus were his long claws clipped, and his -sharp teeth broken. The laird's gray locks had but ap peared on the proscribed landing, when Robin shouted, sternly: 'Back, father. Dinna risk your body there! If II fa', sure as death if I ye winna turn an' tajr' ytjur carles wi1 you! When Laird Tyndale fights for gallantry and honor, none so ready to fight at his elbow as Robin the Hunter; but when he crushes a captive woman wi' conning spite, his blood shall be 89 mote sacred in mjf sight thin the blood o' a stark mad hound. Awa', Laird Tyndale while ye're safer Impressed by the admonition, the shrewd old face disappeared from the landing, and the laird hoarsely com muned with Balfour and Wedderburn, half way down stairs. Meantime, Robin, with Ms back to my lady's door, heard a loud cry from Mysie, and the suppressed prayers of my lady that he would open the door. Handing one pistol to one of his men, Robin instantly did so, and met Lady Kilmeny on the threshold, tall and ghost-like as a spectre. She smiled a little as her faithful friend came in, and waved her hand toward one of the deep windows which overlooked the court. There, scowling through a pane, Robert met the visage of one of the laird's men, who knelt on the broad stone sill outside, and wrenched at the sash to force it open. Simultaneously with Robin's appear ance in the chamber, the head van ished, and frantically the body be longing to it scrambled down to terra firma again; while Robin, dashing open the sash, was in excellent time to admire the hastily constructed rope ladder that dangled from the sill, and to slash it in shreds with hearty good will. Then dropping the tattered rem nants, with then- heavy iron clinches attached, unceremoniously on the heads of the jostling crowd in the court, he turned to the beleaguered women. Mysie, with terrified tears rushing down her cheeks, had been heroically standing between her mistress and the assailants, prepared to battle in true Amazonian fierceness for her lady's sake, and was now crying heartily be hind my lady, with her face to the wall. 'This is no place for you, Kilmeny,' murmured Brown Robin, with love's own softness. Ye maun flee for safe- ? ty, my dove. Ye maun flit to the wee tower chamber, and bolt yourself 'and Mysie in, till I disperse the crows that would pick your bonnie bones. Here i are two keys I took this morning from | the laird's cabinet, where they hae laid j hidden for many a day. This is the ? key o' yon wee tower chamber, where j hang Lady M'Cillvray's an' Lady Tre silyan's portraits. There ye shall hide ! for safety tni I come back. This is the j key of a subtle trap-door in the floor I o' the banquet hall, an' then I shall es cape to scour the country for my men. j Ye shall hide in unsuspected safety, j while I rove in unsuspected freedom, j an' afore the day is done you shall rule | Strathmore, with two hundred men to i back you. My twa sentinels shall ! keep the landing secure tfll the castle* j is full of my followers, and then Fll j come to you when the day is won. Haste ye, Mysie. Flee up the stairs. ! m guide the lady mysel'.' Throwing an arm firmly around Lady KUmeny's waist, Brown Robin bore her across the threshold, and in silence half carried her through the j devious passages of the deserted tower ! uptairs to the mysterious tower cham- i ber, so long sealed to her. The nimble waiting-woman preceded, the aged steward Andrews brought up the rear, mutely wringing his old hands over the jeopardy of his bonnie lady, and bewailing the day. The little key was fitted in the rus ty lock. It turned with a reluctant grit in the strong fingers of Strath more. In a moment the door was open. The cobwebs rent from post to post, the dust falling in white powder from the stiff hinges. Lady Kilmeny and ber maid entered, and the door was locked behind them. 'Watch you here, Andrew,' comman ded Robin, in a triumphant whisper. 'Tell neither friend nor foe where Tve putten my lady till I come back with half the country to give her back her tower. She's bolted within, and she's locked without, and Fll carry away the key, which the laird thinks safe at Bracken Hough, so if they bur ned the Tower o' Strathmore, and riddled the ashes, they wad ne'er find Lady Kilmeny till I find her for them. Bide awee, Andrew, man, she'll rule right loyally in Strathmore, in spite of man or devil!' And, elated, Brown Robin tramped down stairs to his trusty twain, still ostentatiously guarding the door of the empty audience chamber, whispered them his orders, tramped Into the hall, and let himself down through a secret trap-door all true Strathmores knew of in that castle, . and so reaching a pri vate stairway, traversed a long under ground passage, which at last emerged into a deep cavern on the sea-shore, and thus escaped a free man, to prove his popularity among the gentry, pea santry, and hinds of Sutherland. Meantime, the laird, foiled in each little arrangement in turn, retired to the bosom of bis people, and, taking possession of the court, conspired and schemed to his heart's content, his men listening with eyes elongated and mouths agape, to the words of the clever Fox of Strathmore. Hours pas sed in dose debate before Laird Tyn dale could make up his mind how to get at the perverse pair who were ready enough to cling to each other for no good, and then, no sooner was the attack agreed on than in ran and rode the laird's boors from Golspie and the intermediate sheep-fells with notable news. They whispered it to the warriors under arms, and. they muttered it to the quaking tower servants, herding in a cowed knot in a corner; but never a man of them was stout enough to stand before Lord Tyndale and say that, word. 'What are ye t^Hrfn* and gririnin' o'er, ye meddlesome gawks?' blustered the testy laird, resenting tha diver* sion. Then Wedderburn, the sourest dog in tiie train, sauntered up to his laird, and crustily snapped he: 'Send us name, Lor3 Tyndale, for a9 your wit is trat blathers the day, an' the battle's lost My lady has tane fern seed an* 'scaped us a'. She gangs free in Golsple Tower, wi' a minder men to back her, while we lurk like puddocks on & stane, yelping at her tower gates?* The laird turned fremMtng to the new comers. 'Wha saw the Lady KJlmeny riding sae gallantly in Golspie whan she fit ter for the shroud?' faltered he. And half a score swore to the sight. . 'An' a bonnie, brisk May is. she, as she rides vita her gentlemen and maids straight to Strathmore Tower to tak* itr Then the old man turned him round about, and bis face was cold and white. 'Woe worth the dayP' mattered Laird Tyndale, with shaking hands. 'The doom has come on Strathmorel' CHAPTER XXL' The citizens of Golspie town remem bered long the notable events of that day. The aid of internal miracles seemed called in to intensify its sig nificance. The oldest witch-woman in all broad Sutherland was found dead in her bed, and Strathmore, that portentous September day, lost its revered 'spey-wife.' Horse-shoes mys teriously disappeared from over hut doors, ? black cats were marvellously rife, and fairy rings were given as emeralds on the grass. All nature hummed a trembling mystery, and the sun glowed fierily from behind a gray shroud. Was it not enchantment in the air, and that day did not the spell which cursed the house of Strathmore be come a verity? The Lowland steamer was hissing noisily at the dock, and unburdening itself of a goodly throng of passengers. There were a gentle man and two ladies, and followers without number. Surely a retinue or an army. The two ladies were young, and each in her way beautiful; yet there was something very remarkable in their manners. While the youngest, a slight, fragile-looking girl, with a pale, lovely face, walked a step or two in advance, looking fully and intently at every window, and every peering, cu rious face as she passed; the other, a tall, queenly looking lady, with com manding presence .and flashing black eyes, shrank back and clung to the gentleman's arm, with veil jealously drawn over her face, and she spoke in low, suppressed tones, which died to a whisper whenever a Highlander in kilt and claymore appeared on her line of -vision. The gentleman, also tall, pale, distin guished, and quiet, composedly advan ced with, however, a wary eye now and again sweeping round the streets, and a word or two of reassurance to Ms companion. Then there was a dashing young Yna-n, with a gay, mili tary air, and like a young cadet or artillery officer, despite his sober, suit of brown, directing the movements of some fifty bold looking fellows, with florid faces, pugnacious glances, and most peaceful attire, all illustrating the possibility of wolves getting into sheeps' clothing to further their own ends; all marching silently up the win ding street to the largest hotel, which they speedily overran. When they were quietly established at the hotel, the grand gentleman asked for Mrs. Mintyre, the seer of Strathmore, and appeared struck with consternation when he heard that she had that very morning been found dead in her bed; and ere he could make further in quiry in dashed Brown Robin Strathmore. . 'The whale kintra has gane mad,' he exclaimed; 'an' the a' tell me Leddy Kilmeny has been seen wa' a hun dred ahint her coming fra the Lowland steamer. It marm be her weith, and she's deen sin' I left her in dark Stra thmore tower, an' a' my men will no deliver her noo.' The obsequious landlord immediate ly presented the yonng hunter to the English gentleman at his side, who instantly conducted him to the apart ments of the ladies. ' The .afternoon was dim-, -with fiery heat, and sultry with smothered sun shine, when four equestrians softly rode up the streets, and along the sea-shore road to Strathmore Tower. Robin rode first, with the tall lady by his side, and wondering cottagers lipped from door to door tbe rapid tidings. 'Yon's the Leddy Kilmeny, and young Robin the laird's son.' And an old man stacking peats be side his hut stood up, took off his bonnet, and cried: 'Heaven bless bonny Leddy Kilme ny an' her bra' young bridegroom!' 'Listenr whispered the lady, with her fingers on her lips. 'Am i go like?5 'So like, my lady,' quoth Brown Robin', 'that ye o'erpowered me wf astonishment when first I looked upon your bonnie face. It Kilmeny had your red cheeks an' summer bloom, sure your laird himsel', wad na. ken which was wife!' And so the lady, with excitement and rising joy chasing away tbe lurk ing dread from her lovely features, rode on gallantiy, with a backward glance at her noble husband, follow ing with the pale, attentive girl by his side. Thickly rolled in the fog from sullen waters to the sodden shore as these four equestrians dismounted behind a high flinty cfiff, and gave their hor ses into the charge of a shepherd lad, summoned by Robin. They silently paced the beated sand low down by the booming surf, where the sea-caves moaned an eternal monotone, and wild crags uprose from many a boiling caldron. They reached a bidden cave, and en tered its dark mouth. Four score fig ures rose from the circling gloom at their entrance; some the English ar rivals of the morning, more Robin's trusted followers; and with swift steps they all penetrated a subterranean pas sage straight up to the beleagured tow er. They overran the disordered ban quet-hall, the dismal chambers of state, and empty saloons, and -peered derisi vely from the windows at Sir Tyndale and his men quarrelling in the court yard, and Robin swiftly conveyed his three companions up to the door of the tower chamber; and here he paus ed a brief moment, while, for the first tune the sweete face of the fragile girl grew white with fear, and her hands were clasped in momentary agi tation. 'My lord,' said Robin Strathmpre, 'if it be as we think— if your lost one is indeed our Lady of Strathmore, then these sisters shall no more be parted for fifty scheming foxes, and twice fifty blathering Dooms. Mysie, open to the Leddy Rosecleer TresUyan, her lord, and Miss Floriee Calvert-r all friends of our Leddy KIlmenyF' ? His voice was sufficient. The mas sive bolt was removed— silently tbe iron door swnng open on its heavy hinges, admitting these three, then was shut with a load clang by Robin's hand— and now indeed these strangers met. (To be continued.) 