WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mrs H. II. Jennings lives at 211 Maine treet, Bridgeport, and Mrs Minnie Parrot joards with her. The house is an old one, int in good order. One night in December 1891) the two women looked all the doors md went to the theatre, leaving not a soul n the house. They left the ga« burning, lowever, in the front parlor. At about half past eleven they returned, and entered the louse laughing and talking. But as they vent into the parlor the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of jigantlc stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleaves • • were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol, the women fled screaming from the room. When Mr Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in tho parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw? “ During a recent period of ill health,” writes an American friend," 1 had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o’clock, I whs suddenly aroused from a dose by what seemed like the calling of my name; and at the ‘foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as sle looked five year's before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. 1 screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I’ve never seen it sinee, and it’s more than three years ago now.” No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there’s no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March 1S90, it was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wroto us as follows:—I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in ease I should call out for help. This was in June, 1SS9. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stumacb and bowels felt cold and dead. By-aud-by I had to lie helpless in bed. " The doctor said lie didn’t know what my complaint' was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stumach. By this time 1 was nothing but skin aud boue. My memory completely failed. My bead ached so dreadfully I thould 1 should Jose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was enred by Mother Seigel’s Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith iu this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as over. I can cat and digest my food and all my nervousness has left me.” Tho malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous pros-' tration. The original cause was grief and shuck at the violent death of her husband, by accident, 'the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to [the dig estion aud thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may he your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most t uncanny visions-and, sounds means nothing^ _ moro'MTeas^tlmufa set’oflieryes'airupset.lijr . ’indigestion and' dyspepsia.1 Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them aud -when [Mother Seigel’s Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 