POLITICAL PATTER. Where is your elector's right 1 W ill you bs able to find, it on polling day ? This afternoon (Saturday) Mr. M'Culloch addresses the electors at R-ed Hill at half-past two. ? ? Tuesday, 17th July, will be a publio holi day. This ou account of polling day being ou that date! Out Cumnock way we gather that the feeling is practically uuanimous iu favor of a new member for Moloug. Edward d' Hudson nays he will not be sur prised if Moloug is represeuted in' the new Parliament by a freetradt-r. Melville and Lauer will both poll well at Cumnock, but it is hard to say which will get the most support out there. Dr. Ross, late member for the district, addresses the electors at the Towu Hall this (Saturday) evening, at half-past seven. People are beginning to predict that, when the numbers are up, Melville will be very close to the top of the poll, if not actually there. What are the odds on the Labor and Free Trade candidates now that a third exponeut of fiscal restriction has nominated for the Mo long Political Stakes 1 Electioneering iu the Moloug electorate was carried ou under direful, difficulties during the week. Nothing but mud aud slush and cold and rain. An old protectionist resident of Manildra tells us that the Free Trade candidate will top the . poll there. Manildra, %he says, is now a red-hot bed of freetraders. Mr. Torpy has resigned from the Orange contest, and Mr, P. J. Fianagau has an nounced himself a candidate for that elec torate iu the interest of Protection. Mr. Benjamin Short, who at the last gen eral eleotion announced himself as a candidate for Moloug, is now contesting the Petersham electorate in the Free Trade interest. A great infusion of ' fresh blood' is ex pected iu the new Parliament. Maiiy of the present members will find that £6 per week is not so easily earned, when the electiou is over. Cudal will be convulsed with political excitement this (Saturday) evening. Alder man Liner speaks (here at half-past seven. Mr. Melville follows an hour later at Healey'a Hotel. What with electioneering and other mat ters the genial Returning Officer (Mr. P. E\ A. Kinim, J.P.) for Moloug will be ,c up to his eyes' iu work for the next three or four weeks. The approaching electiou monopolises con versation iu Moloug. Every elector in the district is getting greatly excited, paiticularly as the news is coming in from tho surround ing districts. The freetraders chances of winning the local seat were never brighter than they are at the present time. With three protec tionists iu the field, all that is wauted to place the freetrader ou top is ' unity.' ? Our Cudal contemporary ways : — A large number of electors about Cudal aud Bo wan Park are strongly in favour of Mr. Reid, of Bowan Park, being nominated as a candidate. There is some talk of a requisition being signed. John Roche Ardill is determined to con test the Orange seat. He says he is a atraightout protectionist and an out-and-out freetrader. What does John mean ? How ever, it doesn't matter much for he hasn't got the ghost of a hIiow of gainiug a victory. Mr. Sherwin's candidature has put a some what different complexion on the election. That gentleman will command the major part of the votes iu the south-we-itern portions of the constituency, and whoever beats hiin will have to secure the votes of this side of the electorate. A correspondent from out Cudal way writes us as follows regarding Mr. H. 0. M'CuUoch, Free Trade candidate 1 11 From, what I have heard and know of the Fteo Trade caudidate for Molong, he ia a straight goer, and should .certainly receive the sup port of all electors who admire a man of honor and integrity occupying a-- seat in the Parliament of the country,' On behalf of Mac., thanks. The Free Trade candidate (Mr. M'Culloch) holds forth at Molong next Friday night. If Dibbs is left out in the oold this election it will break his heeCrt. A list of the dates on which Mr. Sherwin will address the electors will be found in another column. Nominations close on Thursday, 12th July. The polling will take place on , Tues day, 17th July. The veteran Edward d' Hudson considers the actual fight for the Molong .seat will be betweeu Mr. M'Culloch aud Dr. Ross. I „ ? ~ The feeling of the electors iu the south western parts of the constituency is, we are informed, greatly iu favor of M'Culloch and Melville. ? ? Dr. Ross is still moving about from place to place very quietly. A little bird whispered to us that he haraugued the Cumnock electors yesterday. ? Interest in the Moloug contest is spreading throughout the country. Nearly all our contemporaries are commenting upon the campaign. The fight at Cumnock, according to all accounts will be between Lauer and Mel ville. Both candidates received hearty receptions. . ? ' Dilga' Ross, the ubiquitous registrar, de serves credit for the way ha has looked after the interests of the electors. He has spared no effort to do his duty. Now that three protectionists are striving with all their might to gain the votes of their party in this distiict, the real fight should be betweeu Lauer and M'Culloch. Another Richmond in the field. Mr. A. HT~T. Sherwiu, a well-known resident of Cargo, announces, in our advertising columns, his candidature for the Molong conatituency. If there is une thing more than another which people will miss during the olecionH, it will be Hpnechifying from the hustings. It will not seem like a parliamentary election without the old ' fun.' The presiding officers for the different polling pl'tciB in the electorate were appointed this week by Mr. Returning Officer Kama, aud these gentlemen are uow. busily engaged studyiug tlie new Electoarl Act. At Cumnock, Alderman Lauer announced stiaight-out that he was a freetrader. For this reason aud because he could not believe iu the eit-ht hour principle, he could not conscientiously sign the Labor pledge. No- i thing like straight talk. Mr. M'Culloch, the Free Trade candidate, is being well received iu the south- western centres of the electorate. He addiejsed the electors at Murga, Eugowra, Bouey's Rocks, aud Toogong this week, aud at each place was accorded splendid hearings. We like to see an electiou carried on in a friendly gouerous spirit. After ? Charlie L^uer concluded his speech at McDonnell's, ' Billy ' Melville warmly congratulated him. Lauer did likewise when Melville finished his address afterwards. The action of Mr. A. F. Twiue in deter mining to contest this electorate is generally condemned here. The gentleman has not the remotest chance of gaining a victory, aud his candidature will only do harm to the cause he upholds by defeating the return of Mr. M'Culloch, the Free Trade Association's nominee. ? ? ' Mr. Miller, J.P. was in great form as a questioner at the political meetings at Cum nock on Saturday night. Although he was chaiimian, for Alderman Lauer he could not lesist the temptation of asking the caudidate a few questions. Ha xfterwards tackled Mr. Melville and asked .the protectionist candi date a dozen or more questions, which W. B. M. answered like a book. The names of a number of electors, who are iu possession of their elector's right, have ; been omitted, through someone's downright carelessness, frorr the supplementary elec torul list for the Moloug electorate. As no pi o vision is made in the Act for such a con tingency, these persons will be disfranchised, notwithstanding the fact- that they hav;e received their elector's right nnd are fully qualified do exercise the franchise. An inquiry should certainly, be jnadwto discover the official responsible for this error, which is too grave to be passed over sileutly; . In justice to the local registrar, we .might state that the omissions are not dqe to any negli gence oh his part,/ : V/ :* sv 