Sporting, NOTES B? " REGINALD." -As Iho pienio meeting at Yorongon Thurs day was organised with a view of bi'tteriiig tlio financial position, of tlio Yorong Knee Olub it is pleasing to lonrn that a handsome profit was gained by tlio venture towards this olid. It is authoritatively statod that thu olub uoltod about £50. It lias beon dccidod by the Wngga Coursing Club to bring its postponed moot ing to a termination oil tlio racecourse on May 30, this also being tlio dato fixed for tlio Picnic Races. Tho promoters of the luttor linvo coine to terms with the coursing authorities, and arrangements liavo been mado so that both classes of sport will be conducted without olio interfering with the vjtUer. 'J NIC An, opportunity of making ft few pounds "'wnow offered to a person willing and com petent to undortako tho training of a pair of young Gordon Sottors for a Sydney sporka man. The dogs will bo torwarded to Wagea by train, and a good remuneration will be paid to anyone undertaking the training of thorn. A number of local sportmien arc also desirous of having a dog or two tutored to tho ways of tho gun. Letters addressed " Sydney," caro of this office, will bo fur warded to tho owner of tho dogs. Word from Tomora states that an effort is being made there to establish a Pony and Galloway Glnb. It is stated that alrc idy a substantial sum has been promised in further ance of the.object, and a number of proini nont townspeople have signified their will ingness to become mcmhors. Tho project has been so cuthuiastically taken up that it is considered more than' probable that Tcmora wilt soon have a Pony Club. Starting favourite at 2 to 1 against, and carrying lQat L1 lb, Warbrook never gavo anything else tho ghost of a chanco in the Hurdlo Race at Randwiek on Thursday. Tho big black cleared to tho front immcdi* ately the signal was given, and leading all the way ho von, pulling up, by four longths. Rushlight (list 71b) rau' second, and Kilmany (9st 51b) third. Dclawaro, who accouutcd for the Royal Stakes at P»andwick on Thursday, is a very aristocratically-bred colt. Ho is by Trenton from Oonesta, who is a daughter of Maribynougjand Fawn, and thereforo own sitcrs to such colobritcsj as Pahnyia, Sgonlioo, Richmond, Boswortb, Warwick, and others. Judging from present indications, there is every reason to suppose tlmt the Picnic Race Meeting, to bo held on tho local course on Wednesday next, will end quite as success* fully us its predecessor, and this is saying a good deal. The programme contains the Handicap Hack Race of £15, of which £10 goos to tho first and £5 to the second horse, the riders to be over 40 years of ago; Picnic Handicap (open to all horses) of £10, second 15s ; Publicans' Purse, a sweepstakes of £1 each, for horses to bo nominated and ridden by publicans ; Junior Hack Race, a sweep stakes of £1, the second horse to save his stake : and the Final Handicap (open to all horses) of £5. All theso events will bo run over six furlongs. There is every probabil> ity of a Hack Hurdle Race being alio included in the bill of fare. Entries for all evonts, except the tfarcwcll Handicap, nominations for which will be made on the ground, will close on Tuesday next at 6 p. in. with the secretary (Mr. J. T. Williamson). Hacks must be inspected and approved of by a committee appoiuted to do bo. Ripple placed a winning bracket to her credit at Botany (Sydney) pony raccs on Tuesday, tho Sir Joseph Banks Handicap, of £7 10*., falling to the daughter of Sea weed. The race was run in divisions, and Ripple secured the sccond heat and final. Odds of 2 to 1 were betted on her in tho-final which alio won by a head only. Ripple carried 7*12. A few localpuntcrs profited by Warbrook's victory in tho Hurdle Race at Randwick on Thuursday. Tho big mountaineer is hold in much esteem hereabout, and ho will always carry a trifle of bulliou from this quarter. A Chinamau puntor causud some amuse ment at Yerorig. on Thursday, by entering into an argument about 41 totalisator odds.3' He used the tote in investing a half-a-crown on his fancy,'which turned out to bo the right'un. "John"presented histicketand waej offered the div., which amounted to three shillings, but he refused to ucccpt this Binall amount, considering: that ho was entitled to 7a. Gd. .John, stated his case {.?!!» even if ho was in error, and he would not bo satisfied until ho was convinced that thrco shillings was the proper return, by oeing othor investors being paid. That hero of many a hard-fouqht battle over timber, Trickott, renewed acquaintance with tho racecourse, after an extended absence thorofrom, at Yorong oil Thursday. The ancient son of Zingari was looked upon as having a big mortgage on tho Open Han* dicap, despite the, 13st <Ub allotted him by the handicappor, nnd lie was made a very strong favorito accordingly. Hoj however, failed to run up to expectations, and tho best lie could do was to get a moderate third at tho finish. Trickett's "legs seem ssund enough, and if lie has not altogether lost his pace it is not improbable that ho will win anothor steeplechase before he dies. Tho Royal Stakes, at Randwick on Thurs* day provided one of the most sensational finishes seen at Randwick for many a long day. Twenty-one horses went to the post, Pilot Boy having been installed as favonrito. When tho lot had settled down Bucclouch and Delaware at once assumed prominent positions, and they showed the way into the straight at a rare pace. They then went at it dine dong, and as tho others were dropping back M.L.A. came with a great run. He got on terms with Buccleuch, who was worrying at Delaware. Tho three passed the judge's box almost locked together. Dela ware, however, was half a head in front, ' while tlio other two ran a dead heat for j second nlace. Amongst the unplaced division in the Turf Club Handicap at Randwiek on Thursday was Ready Money,' whose-*impost was 7sfc. At tho finish of tha, Birthday Clip at Raudwick to-day tho order might bo— Oxido or Theophilus 1 KingOrry ... 2 Florrio ... ... 3 1'rojuctilo started a 2 to 1 against favorito for tho Brisbane Cup on Thursday, but ho failed to get a- place.: Tho winner was Yelvcrion, by Feuman—Mise Bean, about whom 12 to 1 was prooiimblo. Kildnro was sccond, War Queen third, and the two miles wero left behind by Yelvorton in Satin.1' 34 sec,.; , >'■ ^ At tho Wodonga races on Thursday Oaspi won tho Trial-StaUos, 'with Galatea second; and - Firdbell third. .^The .Welter Soiling Race fell to Rainbow, who was fol lowed homo by Eldorado and Rivet, whilo Pointsman. - annexed, tlio Birthday 'Handi cap, tho other place goiters boiu^ Mona and Glcnholm. . Royal Master won tlio Adelaide Birthday Cup ou Thursday by half a head only: from Quality, who boat Moscow by a head for second place, and Broken Hill was a similar distance away fourth. Royal Master is by Robinson Crusoe from Royal Maid. : For tlio Royal Handicap, six furlongs, at Flomington on Thursday, Unburn (9st51b) and Glonlnintly (Ost 71b) divided favoritism tho fall of the flag, each being quoted at 1 to 1. Neither, however, got a place, tho event: falling to Briton (<5st 71b) who boat Bung Bung (7st lib) Lord Hastings (7st 21b) aiid' others iu lmiu lSJaeca, Briton is an aged ohestmit gelding by Englishman from True Bluo, and this is his first important victory. A t tho same fixturo tho Birthday Handicap, 1J miles, fell to Crossy by Ores wiclc from Gores who onrried 7st Bib and got over tho journoy in Sinln 43j[sec8. Warpaint (8st 91b) was second, and John S (TsfcOlb) third. Kortunatus (flat 01b) Btartod first favorite at 4 to 1, tho winner and Etra Weonio figuring at 5 to 1 ouch. 