ISHIMRAEL PENOELI Y: AN OUTCAST. Br JOSEPH HOOKING, Author of ".Tabes rasterbrook," "Zilla?,," " The Story of Andrcw Fairfax," etl. (Published by Special Arrangement with Meoara. Ward, Look, and Bowdon, Ltd.) BOOK V. \- OHAPTER III.-(Continued.) 'I'll do it for Graco's sake,' Ishmael said. ' She is another man's wife, but I love her still. I'll nurse him for her sake. If he dies, well, I shall have done my best; and if not, I can tell him the truth and send him back happy. At any rate, I shall have made Grace happy-and she, oh, God help me !' He still loathed Reuben, he still felt that all the gladness of his life had been taken out of his life by this man; but, at any rate, he would do his best. He entered the house again, and, as he did so, he felt the air to be full of disease It was little he knew of nursing, but in his varied reading he had learnt enough to know the gene. ral cours. of this fever, from which, no doubt, Reuben was suffering. After watching him an hour, and remember. ing what he had said, he came to the conclusion that the patient must have been suffering for some time, On his own confession he had been in bed nearly a week, whilo before that he had been unwell. From what he had read and heard he knew that while the fever generally came suddenly, and revealed itself in a shivering fit, sometimes the poison of the disease worked slowly, and caused listlessness, loss of appetite, and wandering pains in the body. This had evidently been the case with Reouben. He noticed that the tongue was dry and brown, while the teeth and lips wore invested with the morbid opithelium which had boon shod.. The pulse was weak but frequent. From those symptoms he concluded that the fever must have been in the system for nine or ten days. If that were so, the next four or five days would be most critical. A doctor had told him that death seldom occurred after the fifteenth day of the disease; ']onco every care must be taken. Why had he not told Bill to ride for a doctor ? Bat then he ro flected that doctors wore not of great skill or cleverness in the bush, and might not be of so much value. Still, he wished he had thought of it, for now it seemed impossible to tako any stops in that direction. He dared not leave hun, for he know that patients suffering from this disease often tried to get out of bed, and thus if no one were near, death would be almost in evitable. Still, he hoped that in a day or two someone would come. He was glad now that he had studied doctors' books years ago, glad that he had a general knowledge of how to proceed. He remembered much of what his mother had told him as a boy. Like most women living in lonely neighbour hoods, she had a knowledge of the uses of herbs, and she had told him. Of the science of medicine, howover, he now next to nothing, and, oven if he did, the knowledge would not have availed him now, for he was far, far away from any place whore drugs of any sort could be obtained. Ho started to work, first of all oar ing for the comfort of his patient. Ho caused the atmosphere of the room to be made sweeoot, and then searched among the boxes in an adjoining room for clean clothes. Tenderly as a wo man, ihe did all in his power to make the bed more pleasant on which to lie, and thou he began to search around for something in the way of food, He wont out into the yard, but could see nothing suitable, He came in again and looked into the kitchen, which had also been used an a pantry, There was little of iunmediate service here, but he found a small handrmill and some wheoat, Prosontlyho espied a gun and a bag containing oar tridgs. *.This he immediately loaded, and wont out again, The evening was.drawing in, but theoro was light enough for hIim to see a couple of birds. Those he shot, and propared to cook them, It was strango work to Ishumael, but he managed pretty well, and in a little whilo had prepared a tasty dish. Rouben Ponwithen was still delirious, but he took the soup Ishmnel gave him, and his bed being more comfortable, ho. lay with more ease, This over, hle arranged a simple meal for himnisolf, and thenou wont out into the open air again, The night had omo on cnow, and all was ailcut as death, So groant wan the silence that it seemed to mako a noise. The moon skone brightly, and the air seemed pure; but the 10uch1. nes was terriblo. Ho rolootted that hlie was milos fromn the nonearest house, and tlmt Loneoly Valloey was geoerally deserted, No doubt Roubon Penwithen had choson it for this reason, :Per haps, too, this was why his servants left liii, Evoryt.hiig was torribly straign, In the Inorniing ho belloeved him dend, and heo hated his memory, now hie was oaring for him. as dearly as if hle had bean his frield, or brother, Why was it ? TIo had wanted to leave hiim, but oould not, something forbade him, HIo had comn back to nurse, himu; per. ohanoo, to see 1him die. How silent, how dreary, how lonely I And yet ho felt happior than he had done for a long while, Why was it ? Ho could not toll,. oTe wont into the hut again and lit a little oil lamp,'itmud thus could see his pationt. ie0 muir mured constantly about Gracoo, and B3ertle, and ]?oewithen, and also about thie ghost of somno one, who, ho uaid, he couanld aot.'r e lenise And thon, again, he seemed to worry about his farm, and the way his servants treated him. But he was not wild in his de lirium, and he 'spoke like ono intonsely weary. Ishmael went out again. The ter rible silence of the night seemed to have a fascination for him. How long would it be before some one would call? Surely Bill would let Fraser know what he had said, and Fraser would send to Richard Roberts. In two days at least, some one would come. He was conscious of a curious smell in the air he was breathing. Scarcely a breath of wind blew, but he fancied that now and then there was a slight movement in the atmosphere, coming from a northward direction. The smell became stronger. He looked, and saw a vapour rising from the swamp. He had heard of poiponqus vapours coming from these swamps, which had a terrible effect upon some people. He looked around him, the valley was hemmed in by hills. He began to think of the possible signifi cance of this. When he entered again, Reuben seemed more uneasy, and Ishmael doe tected that the smell had entered the room. In his anxiety to sweeten the air he had opened the little casement window, and thus let in the foul smell. He closed it again as quickly as pos sible, but made a little opening on the other side. He knew the value of fresh air for such a disease. Presently the patient became more restful, and Ishmael, going to the other side of the room, lay down to rest. The night passed slowly away, and when the morning came Reuben showed no signs of reason. Ishmael did all in his power; but he 'longed with a great longing for someone to come, but he longed in vain.. The day passed without anything worth noting, so did the next, and still the next. No one came, no help was afforded in any way. Reuben was always worse at night, especially was this the case when the vapour was thick. And so the two were together, alone. Reuben knew that he was carefully waited upon, but he did not recognise Ishmael. He took no inter est in him, but the young man knew that, considering all things, Reuben stood a fair chance of recovering. The fifth day came to an end, and still no one came, and Ishmael began to lose hope. The few things which the old woman', who had' noted as Reuben's housekeeper, had loft in'the little kitchen were nearly consumed, and he knew not how to get more ; he -knew, too, that the food he was able to obtain for the sick man was not suit able. What could he do? For, in spite of himself, .a great hungering desire came into his heart to save Reuben. He know not why, and yet at times he felt as though he would gladly give his life for him. Why was it? Perhaps it was his helplessness, perhaps it was because he wanted him to recover for the sako' of Grace; and yet this did not ex plain sufficiently. Why should his heart be sad when he was worse, and rejoice when he was better? Why should he almost delight in doing things that in themselves were almost loathsome, so that the patient might have comfort. Why did he long for his recovery ? Oh, if only some one would come ? Why was it that he was left alone? The truth was that Bill did not got back to Fraser with the' cattle until the day after he had left Ishmaol,;. and then he had carelessly men-' tioned the fact of Ishmael having gone to find a nurse for the sick man, which might detain him days. This news Fraser did not com municate to Richard Roberts until two days after. When Riohdrd hoard of it he did not see what he could do, and, as Mary had gone away to visit the neighbours mentioned in the last chapter, the farmer did little but gituublo at Ishmael's absence, and wonder, when, day after day, he did not comeo Still, he know that Ish maol did not care to be interfered with, and he knew, too, that he was abundantly able to care for himself, Thus Ishmael was loft alone with Reubon, who, unaided by any human skill, and with only Mother Nature and common-senouse to help himu, fought a dread disease. On the fifth day Ishmaol roealisod that Reuben was better. Ho wams no longer delirious, but hio seemeod like a child. He appoarod to rooog. nise him, but it made no impression on hihnm, Bat Ishmael was not sur prisod at that. Perhaps, another sday his reason might beooome clear, And so, indeeood, it proved,.. The young man, seeing his patioent asloeep in the afternoon, had gone out for a~ foew mimitos; when hlie came baok he saw that a groat change had como about, A look of intelligence shone in his eyes, and he was., evidently carofully oounnooting events, As Ishmael entered, he looked up, half fearfully, half wondoringly. 'You .,re Ishlmnel, Ishmael Pon golly l' he iaid oxcitedly; ! and yotu ihave nursed meoto lifo I' .. ' Yes,' replied Ishtnaenol itlt ly, OHAPIT.ER IV,. o0hn0 AcND 1ER na II\ATt " " Pide Y-.whea those uyos forostohl the Illfo The donth I have to go throunh--whn I flnud Now that I want thy help most, all of .thee I Whaiit did I leer? 0rhy love shUll hold ime Unllt lthe Ilttle Im n ale'los al s la pnet, And I wako sanvod. And yett will not be I" \--Anly l'i(J/ to any Hletbandl P Roar.na Towuento, And now mty readers must turn hack with mo to "Wild Dnndeill, ly the Cornlsh Son," It they willlknow the ond of the story I havo boon trylng to'faithfully tell, As will b,. romoemberodi we luft Bortlo Poni.Itheou nd hi sis ltor Graceo itH sorrew1 almnost amounting to do. apnir,." For Borttlo had felt the Iron of bittornoses enter his sou!, Somolw' he was assured that his father must have had a dread-. secret, and that Ishmael had found it out, and thoen with relentless hatred had driven him to his'death. Had his father died in a natural way, without mystery and hatred, he would not have grieved so terribly; but to die by his own hand, and to leave a legacy of hatred, had made the sensitive young man's heart grieve with bitter anguish. As for Graco, everything was confusion and pain. She. knew not what she did. When she had renounced Ishmael, and chosen Frank in his presence, her heart had been crying out for Ishmael all the time. But somehow her father's letter seemed to weave a fatal spell, and to bind her like iron bands. The confession of Ishmael's mother, too, had bewildered her. What had she to do with her father and what link bound them together? She felt awed in the commanding presence of this wild woman of the moors, and somehow her heart was drawn out in sympathy towards her; and so when Ishmal had left the house, she left the library and went away to her own room to try and collect her scattered thoughts and to still the uphoavings of her troubled heart. Her life seemed a terrible burden to her. That very morning she had run down stairs with a song on her lips, and a great joy in her heart. - For -Ishmael was coming to claim her. The girls in the kitchen seemed to say it as they laughed over their work, the birds seemed to chirp it as they fluttered from bough to bough on trees outside. And she was his, she had given herself to him, and felt that she had gained the world in her gift. And then a great black, poisonous blot seemed to fall on every thing, and all hope was gone. Her father was dead, had died by his own hand, and with that same hand had written his wishes. He had told her to shun, to loathe Ishmael, and had told her, too, that she must wed another man. And so she sat and thought, but no light came into the sky, there was no rift in the great black clouds which enveloped her life. Surely it must be as Lenah was constantly saying. The day of God's wrath must be approach. ing, and the end of all things near. Meanwhile, B3ertie and Frank had spread the dread news, and like wild. fire the report was spread that Reuben Ponwithon had committed suicide, and that he had been driven to death by Ishmael Pengelly, who had weaved. around him a net of destruction. Then the police took the matter up and so it came to pass that Reuben's letter-was much talked about, many conjectures were made about its con tents, while the country was scoured far and wide to find his body. For Bertio Ponwithen acted like one de mented, and Frank Retallick pos sessed no more self-control than his friend. Presently news came that the dead body of a man was washed on the shore near Padstow, and Boertio and Frank went together, to the spot whore it lay, and then in the presence of the police Bertio declared it to be the body of his father. As we know, the young man made a grave mistake, and yet it was scarcely wonderful that the mistake should have been made. For, first of all, Bertie was scarcely sane. His trouble and excitement had almost un= hinged his mind, besides, his father's letter had led him to expect some. thing of this nature. Moreover, the body that was washed ashore on the beaoh was that of a middle aged man about Reubon's size and build, His clothes, too, as far as could be discovered in their sea saturated condition, wore of. dark tweed, similar to what Rouben wore, and although the face and body were battered almost beyond recognition; the board was similar to that which grew on Roubon's'faooc Thus, on the morning that Ishmael and Fraser started on their weary walk towards Bodmiu, the body was brought to Tintagol and placed in the hotel there, and arrangements made for a coroner's inquest the next day. " Then Bertio went back to Pon withen and asked Grace to go with him to seoo their father's body; and Granoo, scarcely, knowing what she did, and with groat dread in her heart, wont with him, Side by sido they entered the room, and stood by the bruisod and battered form. 'Oanu this be fathlor ?' said Grace, with a great sob, ' Yos, Grace, 'tis he,' said Botlerio, 'No, no; it cannot be,' she said, (7' ~o be C'outiued.) 