BRETJL D ANTON. CHAPTER XXII. ?'- . V I D 8 H X S V.o. c. v. V t\ S- At eleven o'clock of the night that' Inez and ?'; Carlos Mcinteri had their last interview, n dark robed figure siole out of the side-door of Eavens mere andstealthily made its way out of tho groundf? to the little-used road leading past the old haunted house. Aa the moon came out from behind a cloud for an instant, it revealed the fact that the figure was that of a woman. After getting beyond sight of any one who might be near the grounds, she has tened her Bteps, never pausing until she came up to the old building that coutained the girl, of all others, that she wished out of the way and the man by whose death she meant to profit. As she.neared the old, broken-down porch, she took a small can from beneath a dark cloak which concealed her figure, and poured a liquid on the worm-eaten steps and also on the jamb of the door. Having done that, she took several matches from her pocket and proceeded to light one. She then lighted one end of something she had in her hand, placing the unlighted end on the step. Hastily she made her way back, almost flying over the ground, never pausing until she reached Eavenamere and let herself into the house by the same door she had used as an exit. When she reached her own room, she hastened to the window, and for the first time since she left it turned her ?eyes in the direction of the haunted house. Did she see a light through the trees ? Yes. Although the woodland obstructed her ? view, she could see a light in the distance. '. ' Ah, if it only proves successful !' ehe mur mured. ' I'd have nothing more to fear then. Time will tell. I must wait patiently until morning.' Nervous from excitement, she threw herself down on her couch, with her face turned toward the window, that she might see if the light increased. 'Yes,' she murmured, triumphantly, 'it is getting brighter. Something Mis me that to morrow morning Carlos Monteri and Breta Dan ton ' will be no more. Then I'll triumph. Eavensmere will be mine when old Gerald Danton steps out, and there will be no one to dispute my right. I never felt safe while Carlos Monteri was in the land of the living, for he had sworn to have revenge on me, and sooner or later he would have kept his oath. But now, by this time, I hope he has nassed in bis checks.' And calmly, as if she had no crimes to answer for, she closed her eyes and fell into a deep sleep. ' By Jove !' exclaimed Cecil Doniphan. 'What does that mean, I wonder ! Out at this hour of the night and creeping into the house like a cat! 'Where has she been ? It's too late to find out now. If I had only Been her when sho went out, I would have followed her. I'm not half a detective to let this important event slip my notice, but in future I'll keep my eyes open a little wider. I dare say she has been out to meet that fellow. I wonder what he is to her. Oh, well, that remains to be found out,' as, with a yawn, he threw away the remains of his cigar and turned in. The following morning he was surprised to hear from one of the servants that the butcher, who had coine by the haunted house that morning, declared that nothing remained but a ruined mass. It must must have been burned down during the night. Was it intuition or what that made his thoughts _ turn to his uncle's granddaughter ? Was there a connecting link between that burnt house, which he had Been the so-called George Bertram enter, and Breta Danfcoa, his cousin ? No one, however, affected more surprise when he told her that the old place-had been burned. ' What doeB it matter,' she said, ' since no one resided there ? I dare say the ghost that haunted it Bet it on fire,' with a laugh. ' More likely some live ghost, who had an object 'in wishing it burned,' he said, watching her keenly. But he gained nothing from her expression, which . remained perfectly passive. However, she lost no time in getting to the village, to make what inquiries she could, concern ing the fire. Surely some one must have seen it while it was in progress. So, forming an excuse of Borne small articles needed, she drove the pony phaeton-r-a present from her grandfather — into the village. ' Have they escaped ?' she asked herself. ' If so, '-rill Carlos Monteri attach the blame to me F Will he suspect that I was the one to set the house on fire ?' (? And her common sense told her that he would. Btit she told herself that he could not prove that it it was she, even if he bad escaped, which she doubted. ' At all risks, it is worth a trial,' she murmured ; , ' and it is killing two birds with one stone.' CHAPTER XXIII. ' , for love's dbae sake. When Eric Brentwood said that he would solve ' tho mystery that he fully believed surrounded the girl to whom he had lost his heart, he spoke no idle words. He had an honest love to spur him on. ? And what more powerful incentive could he possess? , Without saying a word to Mb mother regarding his belief that the girl had fallen into the hands of enemies, he left home, merely stating that business called him away, and that his absence would be for an indefinite period. With great cleverness, that would have done honor to an old and experienced detective, he traced this object of his devotion to the neighbour hood of Eavensmere. He had not called on the supposed Breta Danton since she had taken up her residence with her grandfather, and he told himself that his time was too precious to waste in making calls. He had ascertained that the girl had left the train with a gentleman. So much he had learned, but were he took her afterward was a mystery. . Inquire as he would he could leurn nothing further. But he was not one easily to give up; and he felt '. confident that he would find her. Ab all iraces of her had been lost after she left the train, he accordingly took up his aboie at the village hotel, thinking that, as there he had loBt the clua, so there he must remain until he could ?take it up again. Sitting at the window of his room on the day after his arrival, he started as the figure of a man ?came into view and slowly walked up to the hotel. Where had he seen that face before ? Something in those restless eyes, of which he had -iau'-ht a glimpse, remind«d him of some one he hud ?seen. Who was it ? And again — how well his face and figure tallied with the description of the man who had called at the gip?y camp and took the girl away. 'Aha!' he exclaimed under his breath. 'If I am not very much mistaken, he is the very man I am looking for. I shall watch him, at all events, aud find out his business in this quarter of the globe] I '?Ah; I remember !' as ft sudden thought struck him j 1 ? i i P i ? i ' That is the fellow that I saw talking to the butler the day that Miss Danton left the park. By the way, I wonder what he could have had to say to him.' It was getting dark when he saw the man leave the hotil, with a small package in his hand. Hastily putting on his hat, he descended the stair and set out to follow tbe man who, he felt assured, was the one who had lured the delirious airl awav. Not for nn innfnnf. AiA Via Violimrn t.Vin Btory told to the gipsy — namely, that she was his wife. Something seemed to tell him that she waa free to be wooed and won, and he determined to win her if he could only find her. He could not believe that suoh love as surged through his heart for the unknown girl would come to him if it was not to awaken an answering passion in her heart. Keeping at a considerable distance from the fellow, he followed in his footsteps, and a triumphant light leaped into his eyes as he saw him enter an old ivy-covered house that seemed to be uninhabited. He could do nothing but wait to see what would transpire. Crouching behind the shrubbery, he waited for nearly an hour, when the man emerged from the house and again went in the direction of the hotel. But this time Eric Brentwood didn't follow him. 'Wben he had got beyond sight and hearing, Eric arose from his position and cautiously moved toward the house. He thought he could see a dim light through a closed blind in the second story. What should he do ? Was the girl confined in that house ? If so, for what purpose ? ' Suppose,' he said to himself, ' that after all I am mistaken. What would be thought of this high-banded proceeding on my part? But, no,' he added, ' I am not mistaken. She is in distress and neads euch a friend as I shall be to her. I must first find cut if I can gain an entrance with out breaking this door open.' Examining all the means of exit, he found that the door was as eaBy a way as any other. Placing his strong shoulder against the door lie had little trouble in forcing off the lock, and in another instant he stood within n large hallway. This he could tell by the little light that came from outside. Inside everything seemed to be enveloped in darkness. Pushing the door shut, be struck a match and looked around in quest of the stairway. Yes, there it was, just ahead of him. Placing his hand on the railing, he guided hiai self up the stairs, and at last stood at the top. He was about to go on when a sound struck his ear. ' T\ hat was, that?' he murmured as he listened for its repetition. (To he continued.) 