GLEANINGS. Warm. Cricket. Summer. Drowning. Getting hot. Moses on the job. Jarvis a little off again. Has Affy been drinking? No Royal visit this year. Young Jarvis bowled well. Beautiful weather this week. Newell slashed George for 5. Sad drowning case at the Bay. The lynchers at it again in America. Giffen's weather forecast not correct. Three matches to be finished to-morrow. Nice gold being found at Gowland's Field. Mr and Mrs York can't call on us this year. Mr W. S. Gilbert objects to being inter- viewed. Napoleon's ghost is the latest at the Cyclorama. Don't forget to send in returns showing your income. Last Saturday saw the second round of cricket started. A religious sect in Russia holds that wear- ing hair is sinful. Our Parkin does not appear to be in intercolonial form. The Victorian hangman has voluntarily quitted this sphere. Pickpockets are again plying their trade at the Glenelg baths. Mr. Harris's troupe of children at Cross Roads on Wednesday. Leigh's Creek coalfields are not being allowed to rest in peace. Petroleum reported to be a new and suc- cessful cure for diphtheria. East Moonta and Wallaroo ran level at the close of the first round. The Burra people are asking for working men's blocks near the town. The streets of London would reach from New York to San Francisco. The owners refuse to arbitrate in the coal difficulty in New South Wales. Our holiday visitors are departing and we are settling down to the year's work. Brewing licenses in the United Kingdom yielded a revenue of over £10,000,000. A brick on the back of the stove will be found handy for keeping things warm. The different languages and dialects now spoken in the world number about 2,700. Vinegar is about the best window-polisher known. Finish the polishing with paper. In Holland a contract made in a tavern is not valid unless ratified within twenty-four hours. The Adelaide City Council has increased its vote to the Fire Brigade from £800 to £1,000. The Moonta typegrubbers will meet the Wauderers to-morrow afternoon. No collection. The Editor of the Garden and Field, has been approved as a member of the Agricul- tural Bureau. An important trial of Leigh's Creek coal has been made, and the results are said to be satisfactory. We know that Wolfe's Schnapps is a first- class article, and can recommend it as such to our readers. A vulture can scent its food at a distance of forty miles. The turkey is not far behind in this respect The Times says the troubles of the colonies have proved the soil to be the true source of wealth. Cornsacks are in great demand at Ardros- san, but supplies will not be available for another fortnight. Young Olds had just recovered from the effects of a fall from a haystack when he met with his death. Mr Carnegie, a Pennsylvania ironfounder gives £1,000 a day for two months to relieve the poor of Pittsburg. The Emerald Mine, between Geraldton and Murchinson, has returned an average of 20oz to the ton for 400 tons. The British and French have done some shooting in Sierra Leone. Supposed to have been a mistake. Perhaps so. It is astonishing the favour in which Wolfe's Schnapps is held—We suppose be- cause it is a first-class article. Leigh's Creek coal gives great heat, and the almost entire abscence of smoke was very favorably commented on. London has about 5,000,000 inhabitants, and of these 1,000,000 are poor—living on less than £1 per week for each family. The latest idea of the Victorian railway authorities is to issue a monthly ticket at £5, available on any line in the colony. The following matches will be finished to- morrow:—Wallaroo and Kadina, East Moonta and Moonta, Young Australians and Yelta. A Maorilander says that brimstone scattered over the land will effectually eradicate the thistle pest. In fact nothing will grow there for about two years. During the last four years 1,000 tigers, 2,000 panthers, 500 bears, and 200 wolves have been destroyed in Central India. The animals retaliated by scoring 317 persons. The statement of the Commissioner of Public Works that 6s and 7s per day has been paid at Happy Valley is denied by one of the workers, who places the rate at 5s 6d and 5s. On a recent occasion the people at the Theatre Royal were so taken with the dancing of a couple of Pollard's midgets that they dispensed with flowers and showered coins on the youthful performers. An English writer declares that tem- perance and thrift are means to make labour a richer prey for capital, as reduced cost of living results in cheaper labour, with a consequent increase in the employer's profits. The term—"A feather in his cap" is a common one, but the origin is not commonly known. In Hungary in the sixteenth cen- tury no man was allowed to wear a feather unless he had killed a Turk, and for every one he had slain a feather was added. Hence the term. This from the Orroroo Enterprise is good:—"We stand now, as it were, on the border of past and present and ask seriously, solemnly, and reverently—Is life worth living?" This in a New Year's leader looks very much like the effects of recent festivities. An exceedingly senseless wager has just been made in Munich. In an inn at Schwan- berg a student made a bet that he would eat six silk ties, cut up into small pieces and sea- soned with oil and vineger. One of the conditions of the wager was that the new species of salad must be consumed within the space of six minutes. The young man won his bet. The aroitrators who assisted, watch in hand, at this curious and senseless performance, certified that the repast only occupied five minutes and thirty-five seconds and while eating the ties the student drank no less than ten pints of beer. 