Mr. Gladstoneand Lord Roseliery. The Old and New Leaders. The Grand Old Man. The Grand Young Man. A Brief Sketch. Wf. havo already commented on tho roeigna" lion of Mr. Gladstone, and paid oar tritmto to tho most illnstrioaa Englishman of thi# century. Wo publish this morning a sorios of portrait!) which show Mr. Gladstone at various portions oi jus great career, anu tucso wooiu not bo complete without sorno slight bkotch of tho same. William Ewart Gladstone was born at Liverpool on Recombor 29th, 1805), no that ho has now entered his 85th year. His father was a Liverpool corn merchant— Sir Joliu Gladfltone, M.P., of Lcith, and hi# mother wa# Ann Robertson, daughter of Mr. Andrew Robertson, of Stornaway; and Provost of Ding- wail, to that tho greatest English statesman of onr timo has Scottish blood, on both sides, in Mi veins, and ha over been prond of it, as well as of his middle class origin. Ho was educated at Eton, and Christ Cliuroh, Oxford, where ho dovoloped High Church tendencies, and Tory leanings, which tho fntnro Liberal leader inherited from his fathor. An hfisbcnn said "Mr. Gladatono'a life bridged the gnlf which would otherwise yawn botween tho Oxford of Manning nnd Nowmnn and bcrlain himsolf now finds too advanced." Therein Has his most coospiouous character istic. IHs lifo not only touahes both ox- trcracs, bat it embraces both. William Ewart Gladetono. tho uHdcrgradoato, who dcolarcd in one of hi# Uarlicst rocordbd speeches that "bin prejudices and his predilections had long been cnlistod on tho fido of Toryism," in ox. tramo old ago, with tho shadow of death athwart his oyos and in what may bo lit last treat rpccch, denounces tho Iiouso of Lords as a stambliflg block to constitutional pro gress. Ho was returned to tho Houso of Commons as member for Nowark in December, 1832\. IIo wan elected as tho Duko of New castle's nominen in tha Tory interests, and on May 17th, 1833, made his lirAt speech thero, when ho declared luirself opposed to slavery, but was not in favor of a hasty and wbolcsalo enfranchisement. Then followed a deliver ance in support of tbn Irish Chnrch. which ho afterward disestablished. Sir John Pool mado him a Junior Lord of tlio Treasury in 1831, and tho following yearhohccamo Under- ' Secrolary for tho Colonies. Ho studied for tho law, but gavo up hi intention of beiug 1 called to tbo bar. Horo is a portrait of Mr. Gladstone at tho age of 28. MR. GLADSTONE AT 28. In 1811 ho bccatnp Vico-presidontof tho Board ofTrado in Sir Robert Pool's Ministry, and President in 1813. In 1810 ho becamo Secre- tary of Stnto for tho Colonies. At tilt timo it is worthy of noto that npon tho ova of tho liberation of British industry ho found him self unahlo to ro- cntor Parliament, his former patron, tho Dnko of Newcastle, lining a con sistent opponent of tho Anti-corn Law ogita- tion, but itrlBl7 ho was elected for tho Uni versity of Oxford, , nnd it was thou that tbo current of his opinions set in tho direction toward wbioh'-'Jboy havo siuco flowod with such increasing force. Tho ehango was gradual, not violent. In 1852 ho becamo Chancellor of tho Kxcheqnor in Lord Aber deen's Ministry, ho at this timo having soparatcd himself from tho great body of tho Conservative party. It is worthy of noto that ono of tho quostions on which ho found himself opposed to them was tho right of Jow# to ontor Parliament. IIo went ont with the Government in 1855, and remained in opposition for a few years. Hero is a portrait of Mr. Glodstono in 1857. MR. GLADSTONE AT -18. Ho accepted a special mission to tho Ionian Islands in 1658, and in 1859 rcsamod ofUca nndor Lord Palmerston as Chancellor of the Exchequer, in which capacity ho scon mado a great reputation for himself. Ho wa recog nised as, and tormod, tho " Wizard of Finance," nnd bis budget were looked for ward to with absorbing interest. That of 189L caused a trcmondoa sensation, for then ho annonnced tho total ropcal of tho much (lo- bated paper duty, lie also promoted tho negotiations conducted by Mr. Cobdon, which resulted iu tlio cotnmorcial treaty betweou England and Franco. After tho doatli of Lord Paltiicrston ho became Leador of tho Hooso of Common#, Earl Russell being Pre mier. Tbo Ministry was defeated on Mr, Gladstone's 1'oform Bill of 1SC0, and the following year ho mado his famous de claration in fav&r; of disestablishing Iho Irish Church. Ho becamo Promtor in 18U9, and the nriocinal events of his administration wero tho Irish Church Disestablishment Aot, tho Irish Laud Aot, tho Elementury Education Aot, tho Abolition of Purchase in tho Army, tbo Ballot Act, and tho Judicature Aot. IIo was defeated in 1873 on tho Irish Unlvorsity Bill, but Mr. Disraeli declining to take olfloo with a minority, the Cabioct was rooon- straotod. A dissolution tho following year resulted in tbo return of the Conservatives to powor. In January, 1875, nearly 20 years ago, lie nnnoanccd his rotiremont from tho leader- ship of tho Liberal Parly. "At tbo ago of 05, ho remarked, " and aftor -i2 yoar of a laborious lifo, I think myself ontitlod to rotiro on tho prosent opportunity. This retirement i# dictated to mo by my personal view# a# to the best mothod of spending the closing years of my lifo." Lord Harrington was uhoson leader, bat in J830, when the Liboral Party came Lack to powor, owing in no small mcasnra to Mr. Gladstone's wonderful Midlothian campaign, no other Prcmior was posaiblo. Tbo Marqni3 of Harrington was first «ont for by the Queon, bat ho declined to form a Ministry. Ho rccommonded that Mr. Glad stone should be sent for, bnt Lord Granvillo wa# sent for, and ho ntso doelinod in favor of Mr. Gladstone, who wa then #ont for and formed hi# Ministry. Tho history of that Ad ministration is too well known. Tho rise of tho Parnellito Party changed tho aepcat of homo politics, and after five year of government of Ireland on tbe old traditional linos, Mr. Glad etono wa# convinced that tlio old methods were wrong. Then cimo the Homo Rule an nouncement in 188ti, after tho rotnru of tho Liberal Party, with a triumphant majority. Tbo schism of tho section subsequently known a# Liboral Unionist# followed. But Mr. Gladstone was not dismayed. Ifo entered upon his gigantic task with tho utmost con- fidoaco of oventunl triumph. All his marvel lous ability and wondorful eloquence woro directed to it# accomplishment. Concluding his famous speech in advocacy of tho Bill ho Urns appcalod to tho House of Common# " I aik yon to show to Europo and to America that we, too, enn face political problem which America twenty years ago facod, and which many couotrio# in Enropo havo bcon called npon to faee, and havo not feared to deal with. I ask that In our own caao wo shonld practiso with firm, and fearless hand, what wo have so often preached— tho doetrino which wo have eoofton inculcated upon othora— natnoly, that tho concession of local self-government is not thu way to cap or impair, bat tho way to strengthen ami consolidate, unity. 1 ask that wo should ( learn to roly loss upon merely written stipulations, and moro' upon thoso bettor stipulations which aro written on Iho hoart and mind of man. I u-sk that wa #hnald apply to Ireland that happy cxpcrienco which wo havo gained in England ami in .Seotlaud, whero tho courso of generation# ha# now taught us, not na a dream or a theory, but as practiso and ns lifo. that tho bovt nnd surest foundation wo can find to build nnon i# tho foundation afforded by tbo affections, tho con viction# nnd tho will of tho nation ; and it is thus, by tho docroo of tho Almighty, that wo may bo enabled to sccttro at once tho social peace, tho fame, tlio power, and the porman- onco of tho Empiro." Tbo mcasuro wa# do- feat cd, and tho Salisbury Government came into power. For six years Mr. Gladntono was in Opposition, but ho nover lost sight of his great moasuro. Ho kopt itprommcntiy boforo tho constituencies, with tho result that in 1892, ho catno back to power with a majority in favor of Homo Ilnlc. What followed i# too fresh ill tho minds of our roadcr to need do- tailing. Ho enrricd his llcrno Rulo meaeuro through tho Hotiso ot Commons aftor an un paralleled struggle, only to hgo it rojootod by tho Iiouso of Lords. Tho weakness of his oven rendered n most painful operation acces sary, and last Saturday at tho age of HI tho vet? ran statesman resigned tho leadership. Tho following sketch of Mr. Gladstone, written in 18S7 by ono of his followor# in tbo Hoaeo of Commons, who is ono of tlio ablest of journalists, will bo raid with intorost at tbo present timo, par ticularly in viow of tho developments of tho soven years since it wa written "Mr. Gladstone is marked, physically, a# woll as mentally, lor a great leader. Ho is about fivo feat niao'inchos high, but looks taller. His build i# muscular, and but a very short timo ngo ho wan nblo to tako a band at felling a trco with young men. Thero wa a timo whoa ho was ono of tbo most skilful of horse men. Ho is still a great pedestrian, and thoro scarcely passes a day that be is not to bo seen walking. Ho walks with his head thrown back, and a step firm and rapid. Hi uoun- tonnnco fo singularly beautiful, lib has large dark eyes, that flash brilliantly ovon in his ago. Deep set nml with heavy eyelids, they Bomofirao# givo the Unprcosion of tuo oyes of u , hooded cogle. He buB a large, cxquisitoly- chiselled na»o ; tbo mouth i# also finely modelled. Tho bead is unusually largo. It was in early youtli ouvcrcd-with thick, black hair. Tho brow is lofty and broad, and vary oxpronsivo. Tho comploxion is white almost as wax, aud gives tho fuco a look of wondorful dulicaay. Tlio face Is tho most cxprcasivo in tho Iiouso of Commons. It reflects ovory amotion aa clearly and rapidly as a sutnmor lake it# summer sky. "Whim Mr. Gladstone in angry his brow is oloaded and hi# oyo shino. WIiod ho in amusod his faco beams. When ho i# indignant his lips curl and hi head is tossed. Ilia aspect is then truly Iconiuo. Hi# air i# joy wis if things go woll, and mourn ful if thingH go ill) though when tho final trial comes ami ho Htands convinced that ho must racot absoluto aud resistless defeat, ho looks out with dignified tranquility. All tho passions of tho human soul shine forth by hi# look and gostare. Hi voice is powerful, and at tlio namo timo can bo soft, can ri#o in mcnaco and sink in entroaty. Allusion# havo been mado to the vast aud heterogeneous store# of learning which are in thi# einglo man'# bruin. lln ban extraordinary subtlety of mind, so that ho is ablo to present a case in a thousand different lights. And it is this faculty that has somolimo givon him tho un pleasant and undeserved reputation of sophis try nnd of duplicifv. Ho speaks rm a rulo w lib cotmderablo vohemenso and gesticulate frcoly. Toppcakof hitn ns Iho first orator of tbo Uouso of Common# is to givo a very in adequate statement of hi position. Ovor and over again in the courso of his career lie ha turned a hattlo, when he was seemingly Just boaton, into a victory; and nobody is ovor ablo to say how thing# will go until Mr. Glad stone ha# first Bpolton. I/ord Bcaconsficld up to tho time of hi# death prosontcd to thu people a contrast and a counter attraction. Tho Into Tory leader wab a brilliant and strong.willed man that had passod through a romantic and picturcsquo career. With tho death of Lord Bcaeonsdeld passod away tho last mau who could vonluro to be brought into rivalry with Mr. Giadstooo, and so ho stand# alone a tho last survival of a ra<:o ot giants. His effect thu# upon people outsido of I'urliamont is ulmoit a great as upon those who aro inside its walls. Thero scorn# to bo noinothiog so lofty nnd puro in hi purpose that men follow him with something of fuDuticisin. Tlio r0BtlcsHnc?s of his energy produces equally earnest work for hi# fol lowor#, and hi# own uxhaustlcss funds of enthusiasm and sunny optimism mako other men pasniormtc straggler# for tho right. Thu hand of Gladstone ha chauged the map of Europo, and first roally gavo birth to Christian nationalities iu the East, which aro now emerging into freedom and light aftor ages of dark thraldom under tho Mussulman. In addition to thoso things ho is credited with imtnenso Parliamentary skill. Ho began his 1 advocacy of Iiomo Rulo with an extraordi nary prcstigo. The difficulties woro felt to bo gigantic, dangerous pitfall# to bo overywhero uruund ; bub mon had faith iu tho star of Glad- ntoue, and ho had faith in it himself also. His norvo uovor fails. Physically ho i ono of tho very bravent of men, aud ho ha# boon nover knowu to show, under any cireum- stance#, tho leant sign of physical fear. What- ovor might tako place in tho coming contest, ono thing was certain; Mr. Gladstone onco having put bis hand to tho plough would not turn back until hn had quittod it to its ulti mate dQRtination." How peculiar the above word# read now in tho light of tlio bqvoii year# that have elapsed sioco they woro written? Uaviuir givon a pioturo by a follower, lot us now givo ouo by a political opponoiit. Sir ltiuliard Tomplo, M.P., is stoutly Connorvutivo in more souses than one, and Mr. Gladstone has no Hturdjcr opponont. Sir Richard has v/rilMi ft.vory in teresting book entitled " Life in Purlutneiit.' Ho euly eutorod Parliament iu 1825, uttd thus had not tho opportunity of aeoing Mr. Glad- ntouo in hia prime. But ho saw hnu during tho great Homo Rulo ntrugglo, and this is how ft Couecrrntivo henchman of Lord ftaliabury's apoaksof Mr. Gladstone : — " During thi# interval the salient feature wan tbe improsuivo personality of Mr. Gladstone himself, who wa quito (be iiguro-head iu thi# Parliament. Naturally ho wa# no longor the hnnrbmnn Minn with a beautiful voice who hid boon wunt to charm a listening Sonuto. But still hi# aspect wa# nobly picturesquo, and when under cxeitomcut ho wu# grandly Iconiuo. THE GRAND OLD LION. Advanced ago had laft it traces on him ontwardly, nnd had impaired his matchless powor# of elocution. Tho onco resonant voico often would hecomo husky, and at timos almost inaudible, so that Id# oratory sank and foil with a cadence likn tho wind. But hi# por- suaslvenn# for inany mind# remained iu it# highest degree. Hi# itnpasnioned gesture seemed to bo quito unimpaired ; it could not conceivably havo ovor hoen finer than it wo# in those days. "Wlien excited with speech hn would awiog hi# arm round hko tho awcop of a Boimilar, nd yet with a movement both graceful and appropriate.. Hi# hands, loi, were inost oxproesive, nnd by thoir motion or notion helped him to enforce Id# argument. Abovo all, thoro was tho play of featured in tho core-worn countenance. Evidently be was iu tho highest seupfi of the term ono of nature# actor#. It would bo no dlsparngoment of him to say (hut hud ho by accident of birth or fortuno betaken hitnwdf to tho htage, h<» would have boon ono of tho greatest tragedian of modern times. As it wa# I often saw him do perfectly well and without premeditation, a if by intuition, that which professional actors accomplish after long study, and then perhaps bnft imperfectly Tho quality of bit speech es wa# not quiic what it onco had boon in all re snoots. The passion, tha glow, tho sympathy, tlio magnetism (to borrow un American phrase), remained a of yore. Tho poetic, pathetic, romantic passages io his oratory woro still lovely— they conld hardly havo boon lovelier even in the hoyday of Ids carcor. But tho power of mutihalting a long array of fact# and llgnros, of sustaining a lengthened argu ment analytically and synthetically— though still great— wa# not what it ritual havo bcon in bin palmiest days." A graceful tribnlo thi#, allhongh it read strangely in viow of Mr. Gladstone's recent rctnarkaulo vitality. .Speaking of tbo perora- tion or hi# speech on tho Homo Rule Kill, which wo (jaotcd above, Sir Richard Tomplo sayR " It was midnight when Mr. Gladstone roso to eay tho last wurd, nml to mako hi# fourth great spoccli on tho Bill. He began poorly, with somo arguments that to us Rcomcd trivial, and ho mado somo sarcastic or banter- iog allusion to our party. These wo received with ironicftl cheers anddorriivooxolamatiooH, which dlHConcertl'd him. Ho iudircotly ap pealed to lis not to ilitorrapt an old man, whorcon wo politely desisted. Oddly enough, ho proceeded with Id# nrguinont, and thnn paid that honcrnblo gontlcmOn oppoiito do not laugh how !— flattering himself that wo woro subdued by lira arguments,' wherons in truth wo had rcitraiued uursoivo# merely in defer- eaco to id# ago and position. However, wo whispered to each other, Lot him go on, it i only tho sang, iioliticaUy, of tho dying swan.' Toward tho peroration his eloquence grow, nnd swelled and snared. For tbo lost twonty minutes or no I havo never heard such oratory any whero from any man; indeed lie poured Ids vory soul into it. Oar reason was, of course, stcolcd against conviction by suolt persuasion. With touching metaphor ho pointed with outstretched arm to our bar, Iho idfetoric bar of tlio Commons, and< pictured Ireland standing thoro and ploading. Tha apparitiou was vleiblo tohisoyd of faith— liko tho ghost in tho tragedy soon by mo alono out of tbo company at tlio banquot. Bnt with our unbelieving oyes wo bohold it not." That was in 18S0, but, it was far from boing tho last " fiong, politically, of tho dying swan," a# Sir Kichird Tomplo now knows woll. But Sir Richard's tributo well elioWa tbo imprcH.dvo personality of tho most illus trious Englishman of tho age. Mr. Giudatoim'e popularity in Australia is woll'known. Tho follofing testimony to tho oHlitnation ho is hold iu out horo coruos from Bydooy. At n lurgo ueotiug of Scamo'ft hold in Sydney on Monday evening tho following rcfinlurioti wa# proposed nnd unanimously carried i— "That this mooring of seamen ten der thoir heartfelt and cordial sympathy to William Ewart Olaristono on tho failuro of physical health, which hnflcompollod his aban donment of tlm olllca— the tnoBt (liHtingnlsbod in tho Rritioli Empire— that ho has hold under circumstance which proved hi greatness nnd nativo nobility. That wo also wish to record our highest admiration for tho many and in- vuluablo services rendered to democracy by Ids untiring, vigorous oncrgy, and conspiououB ability, which at nil timos havo boon exorcised on behalf of Buffering huuiraity, and tho cause of progrefls and reform. That wo further do- sire to acknowledge how Iiio |>oraistout refusal of otcvation to that chamber — tho House of Lords— whioh has done, and i doing, so muoh to slide and crash tho aspiration of a froo people, oxuitoB oar admiration, and invites tho nn&tinted; eulogy of ovory man who be- lioves their priviloga and casta aro tho relent less foo of tho race." Tho secretary uns instructed to forward tbo resolution to Mr. Gladstone. Mr. Gladstone) and Ms Grand-danglitor Dorothy in 1893. 