JEM BUXtGE Beaten by Arthur Valentine iu 20 Hounds. From tho latoat files to hand of the London Sportsman I cut the following account of tbo fight botween Bnrgo and Vnlontino, which took placo on March 22 ult., at the Baglan Music Hall, London:— ' Iu the old days of the prize-ring, pugilists woro generally known by some alias which oonvoyed u poculkrity of tho bearer. The custom is not quito out of date yet, and whon Joai JJurge, tho Australian boxer, was namoii the .'Cast Iron Man' ho fnlly desorvod tho titlo.. It is all very well to havo staying powdr, and tlio ability to tako an immense amount of punixlunout, but in a contest whore points count, clover boxing is much moro to tbo purpose. Last night Jem IJurgo found thin out, as his latest opponent, Arthur Valentine, by a '.wonderfully. Bmnrt por foraiauce, oasily defeated he of 'cast iron.' Bnrgo had n rare reputation for taking punishment;, und his hard headed ness had won him no end of victorios in his native Australia, but as a boxer bo oortaiuly was far from boing in tbe front rank. When on his only show in EusliKirt lie bent Ted Burcbull, this was patent to t!rj spectators of that battle, and it was thoufthc that in & twenty-round encounter ho would provo a formidable customer for Arthur Valeuline. Houce tiio match of ln.it ovening, which wna arranged by Bob Kirby at tbe Knglna Jiusio Hall. Valoutiuo never boxed better iu hi* life, and ha simply made a olioppiiHj-blook of Bulge, who, depending upon his ability to withstand a ' knock-out? trid to settle Valentino with tho right in va'n through twenty rounds, nnd only to meet with defeat. There was a big attendance, and Inn;,' beforo the time for tho contest tho. building was crowded. The oompaiiy took matters vory quiotly, nnd passed tbe time in good humored badiuage, tho gallory boys greet ing tho nrrivals bolow with quaint remarks, generally commencing with ? What cheer P' Except on the floor of tho house, there wero very few vacant places when tbe nroirrnninie for tho evening was set going. Aa a lever da riilean those well-known light- weights, Harry Spurdou and Arthur Cullan, had three lively rounds whiuli greatly delighted tho spectators. After a short interval, during which tbe com pany took tbo opportunity to refresh them selvos, Dummy Winters and 41. Harris ougaKed iu a sharp bout of thrtie rounds. Lator, Fred Terry nnd T. Asbwick bad a slogging go, which roused tho onlookers to an enthusiastic pitch. Burgo had been an in terested' spectator of these exhibitions, but Valentino did not arrive until after this hut mentioned spur. Tho preliminaries of the uliiof contest took somo considerable timo. but tho men woro got ready iu tho riug by a quarter pastOo'olook. Both wero very fit, Valen- tino looking the picture of health, while Burgu . was ns hard ns nails, and certainly did no t look his tigo, which is woll over' forty. Ho had Mick Dunn, J. Hall, and Mat Floming ns liis seconds, v.hilo Valentino wns attonded on by his brother, Dick Koborts, aud G. Swauuoy. From the outset Valentine bad the bost of it. Ho kept plying tlio left on tho faco, dealing out heavy punishment and receiving littlo or nono himself, in fact ho was ns fresh nt tho end of twonty rounds as wheu hostartod. Tho groat surprise wns tho way in which Burgo took such n drubbing without llinoliing or uny sign of giving way. Valontilo dealt- out onough to beat n dozen good men, but it mado no impression on Cust Iron Burgo, who kept trying b,ut trying, in vain to sottlo his mini with a swinging right-hander; Valontino had noed to bo fit, however, as Burgo novor gave him a moment's rest. Youth and olKornuss told itR talo, liowovor,:. aud Burgo had to put up with dofeat. Both mon scaled about 9st 8ib.' .-.??: . ;; [As a matterof faot, Burgo never had tho ghost of a show of winning, nnd Iko idea of tho old cast- iron man in boxing for points. is decidedly a novelty. Burgo is ns gnmo and aa hard a man at his woight ns tboro is in tho world, but in point boxing most light-weights aro his superiors.' In fact he doesn't pro tond to bo clover; but bo knows a thing or two, and us ho bimsolf told mo n score of months ngo, ' When I get liredl jett give 'em my head to play with; d'yer tee t' This is an absolute fact, and is common know lodgo to most Australians.—' Amatbur.'J 