MEETING AT BLACKALL. SPEECHES BY SHEARERS. VOTE AGAINST STRIKING. «' RED-HOT STRIKE IN NEW SOUTH WALES.' In pursuance of notice, about ISO per sons gathered at tbe bure punctually tit 3 o'clock yeBterday, including a fair sprink ling of townspeople («aye tbe Blaokall Independent of June 29), Mr. H. Rickaby, wDo addressed those present as 'gentlemen and constables,' was tbe first speaker. He detailed tbe proceeding of asking tbe pastorali9ts for a conference, and eaid tbe unions were not disposed to be put off any longer. Mr. J. Hill eaid be wanted e plebiscite vote taken, and be was perfectly willing to abide by tbe result. He objected to | men in Brisbane aitd Longreaou forcing tbe matter. (Mr. Rickaby objected to the referenoe to Brisbane and Longreacb). He appealed to tbe union men and asked bad tbey been oonsulied? (Ssveral voices No.') He aid not blame tbe squatters, as when the anion had tbe power tbey did not give tbe squatters a conference. He spoke as a eoau who bad been in the district for sixteen years. The squatters had proved great tyrants, but be knew wbicb were tbe greater tyrants of tbe two, and those were tbe union men. When they got good terms they did not know when tbey were well off. Duriog tbe strike of 1891 Mr. Howe was referred to in tbe Baroaldine oamp as a 'crawler,' but bad tbey taken bis advice tbey would be mucb better off to day. In tbat year tbe married men were called in from tbe stations and then left to 'eat grass or go to gaol.' Theepeaker described various events connected with tbe 1891 strike, and was loudly applauded. Mr. J. Howe said it was no secret that tbey bad no money to support -a strike. Personally be waa prepared to strike, but what waa the use f Tbe squatters would fetch np another mob of men from tbe eoutb to take tbe money out of tbe dis trict. Mr. Rickaby said it was strange tbat the men wbo were afraid of funds falling short were the men who had already bad the best of tbe work ; tbe men camped on tbe biake of tbe creek were willing to try a etrlke. Mr. Howe said that eo far as fands were concerned tney were simply living on one another. Oat of every 100 men tbey met 99 wbo had not enougb to buy a feed. Fully one-tblrd of tbe sheep in Queens land bad been already eborn, and there were men wbo bad been waiting six months for a stand wbo bad enooeeded in getting a July ebed, but now these men were asked to forego tbeir obance. There were no funds to support a strike, and even last time tbey were broke before tbey started. Fully one- tbird of tbe union men bad ratted, and tbese, witb tbe free labourers, would down the unionists if they etrock. If he attempted lo oross tbe Barcoo River when it wsb lo flood, and be could not swim. It was 99 cbanoes In 100 that be would go down, and it was exaotly tbe same wltb tbe proposed etrlke. If, after signing tbe agreement, as many bad already done, men refused io shear. tbey might as well leave tbe district, as there would be no more shearing for tbem. Tberewere men wbo bad struggled on in tbe dlstrlot and got tbelr names on tbs electoral roll ; tbey would have to leave, and then when an eleotlon came on tbelabour candidate would be defeated. He was sure tbat If a plebiscite were taken two-tbirda of tbe men in tb» oolony would vote agalost a strike. If there were a chance of winning he would say strike, but he did not think there was the ghost of a obanos, He bad sborn under tbe agreement and there bad been no bitch, but, of couree, tbat might crop up at any time. Mr. Paeooe said be thought tbat If a plebiscite vote were taken, as should have been dope, tbe vote would be against a strike, a* tbey were financially paralysed. Let the majority rule, and not Kewley nor anyone else. Mr. F/izgerald : Any man wbo advo cates a strike at tbe pteeent time must be mad. Mr. H, Geltob said tbat tbe organiser, Mr. J. Martin, said there would be no strike. Since 1691 tbe squatters had been driving the men down, first wltb tbe ration scale and again wltb tbe agree ment. It bad been said tbat tbs men wouia not again nicnt ror a principle, but wben the principle wat burst np tbey were burst up altogether. It was tbe In tention of tbe squatter* to keep up a breach between the abearers and the labourers. There would soon be a red hot strike Iu New Sooth Walss, and be thought tbe Queensland men should go to work and help tbe men in New South Wales. Next yesr tbey wonld bave to strike lo tbe Pssfc Downs agalnBt Ibe re dnoLlon. One of the men wbo attended the recent conference of both workers In Brisbane bad previously shorn under the pastoralista' agreement, and . be (the speaker) knew of only one delegate wbo refused io sign It. Mr. Rickaby said tbe meeting waa a publlo one and tbey could not take a division. He referred adversely lo the Government stopping tbe laane of free ratlona, and of tbe propossl to utlllne prison Isbonr on Governmsnt worka. He thought tbe resaon suob |borror had been expressed of strikes was beoanss tbs men were put down io 1891, but otber nnions had been put down and bad won after wards, Blaokall bad always been cod. sldered as one of tbe headquarters of unionism, and be was surprised that they were now going to dligrsoe thsunlrM. Bs did not think there wsa enougb surplua labour to supply ths ebwls ^of both New South Wales aod Queensland. A voice : How long bave you been In tbe oolony? Mr. Rlokaby said he bad beeu in tbe oolony five years, and bad been a mem ber of the unloo for two and a half years, Mr. Howe Indlarnantlv denied tbat tbe Blaokall men eltner bad, or would, dis grace themselves. They were ns atauncb unionists as any in the oolony. A dlvliloD waa then taken, tbose In favour of a etrlke following Mr. Rlokaby and tboss againat follpwlnn the chair man. Tbs numbers were 19 in favour and 7S against. Out of the 19 wbo voted in favour of a etrlke nine were recognised aa men who bad received Governmsnt ratlona. ? 