Christmas Ere in the Chapel of Villa Cristina. A cheerful white road, flecked with ebadowsfrom thegolden-braoched willows which bordered it, alternating with high, greyish-white walls, or vari- tintedpeaaanta houses. Beyond, a stretch ot green and red and purple mountain ; above, a cloudless, deep blue sky. These were the main impressions grasped by my somewhat tired powers of observation, as I drove from the Pistoia station to the villa of my friends the Gherardi, one Christmas Eve some few years ago. I had made a mistake and arrived at Pistoia 2.30 instead of at six o'clock. Consequently neither my friend Hilda nor her husband was there to meet me : I therefore eDgoged one of the shabby little fiacres outside the station, and re- qoested its whip-cracking,- top-hatted driver to take me to Villa Cristina. Onr progress was slow; but the warmth and brightness were so delightfol that I should not have minded had the road been twice as long. At last we turned Into an open gateway, and drove np a winding road bordered by low hedges of rose-bushes, bright with crimson seed- pods, and stopped before a large grey stone villa with a wide gravel, terrace. Rsfnre the driver had time to descend from the box, the hall door was flung open, and my firiend Hilda tan down the half-dozen steps to welcome me, full of regrets at the mistake which had given me so lonely a drive. 'You must be exhausted,' ehe con tinued, as we entered the enormous halL I shall take you straight to your rooms, and you must rest till dinner.' ' I am really far more dusty than tired — for I slept well last night — you know I am a good traveller ; and the carriage was not crowded. But do just as you like with me— only I think I should be the better, and better- looking, for some soap and hot water. Don't yon f' Hilda laogbed ; and, puttiog her arm through mine, led me up a curious frescoed staircase, along a corridor, and into a charming boudoir, where a bright wood fire was burning. Beyond this was my bed-room, where I removed my travel stains, and then rejoined Hilda who was sitting by the boudoir fire. First conversations between friends who have been separated for several years are rarely satisfactory. Perhaps this comes from the fact that the great amount each has to say and ask necessi tates theimpressionist manner of treating each subject ; and, as friends naturally desire detailed descriptions, the mere superficial summary of facts causes that vague feeling of disappointment we have all experienced on such occasions. My talk with Hilda was no exception to this rule, and I think it was a relief to both of us when the servant brought in tea, and asked if be should tell the Signorina. i rorfatnlff 1 Hilda nncnffirpil " A.ddin<r. ss the man left the room : ' It won't tire you, having Beatrice Sartori for tea, will it ? She is longing to see yon, and is all aloDe ; every one else is out.' ' Of course not,' I answered. ' I was so glad to know she waB with you, poor child ! How is she 1 Do you think she is at all less unhappy 1' 'Not much as yet ; in fact, I some times think ehe misses her mother more as timegoes on — you will understand, for yon saw bow much they were to each other. And then there is some thing else which troubles her; oolyshe must tell yon that herself ; I know she is really fond of you.' Two years before, I had met Marchesa and Beatrice Sartori, at Schwalbacb,and made great friends with them. Marchesa Sartori, an English woman by birtb,and a widow, was extremely ill, and she died the spring preceding my story, leaving Beatrice to the guardianship of her father's cousin, Piero Gherardo, husband of my friend Hilda. Beatrice came in qnickly, and greeted me with warm Italian demonstrative - nesB ; tears were in her eyes, but were not allowed to fall. She looked even prettier than formerly, though very delicate ; perhaps a trifle too slight iu figure, and her features a shade too defined ; bnt her eyes, large-pupilled and gray, looked softer than ever, with the purple shade below them, and the lights in her brown hair more golden, contrasted with the blackness of her dress. During tea, 1 inquired if there were eny other guests in the house ; for Hilda, an impossible correspondent, had only mentioned Beatrice when inviting me. ' Oh yes, quite a family gathering,' she answered. ' Piero's sister and her husband, an(f children, the Carpacci ; also Piero'B two brothers, Mario and ocfinzo— the latter a priest,yon know.' 'Yes; yon really did happen to mention having a priest brother-in-law m one of your first letters, but yon "6In ''t' me a'50nfi the other, Mario.' Really ? how fanDy of me, for he is die remarkable one of the family. My '"'oud is as good as gold, bnt he S Pretena8 b£ shining . light Of , hgence. act> Plero and "Iisura ave always been called the stnpid ones o the family, and as far as she ia con- rned bless her ! — the term is pretty ell deserved.' I langhed. Bnt Mario,' she continued, laughing ho nn important personage ; , a deputy, bnt also a philanthropist m social reformer ; a modern practical f„. ,i In fact, and with a craze Incfio e,. H'irii, their social and moral with I-10"8 — 80 yn ar« safe to get on wth him, my Eleanor.' A knock at the door, and a message hD8baa, interrupted S. _. ,r gged her to give him a and.!,111 . 80me "natterbf basin ess ; t 'ook after me 6diatel,y,tellit18 Beatrice ww!!? 'e B'one) I tried to tell her — how 3. ?uBe I had already written — alwevo ,/e" Por her. There is bnt T t.Viry e at can be said; what Mi ?n??y-real nynpathyiseome- fM and is just a little help and Inhered that what Beatrice found tW n_ Was r tonelinesB, the thought Jnoone needed her. They weroall the mi, in i ?st 8 to her, but after, heart . . Pence, the onenesa of hetLl , ,oter«ts. that had existed ttDrenita " 8- het mother, it wob in- needed yJ)8ln®1' to find herself un- feel oaeIim .?» an outsider. To toss faT. i 06 mthe midst -of kind- perhapg harder to bear than actnaFsolitude, by dint of contrast with the fulness of the lives around one. I felt, however, that there was, as Hilda bad hinted, some other trouble. But Beatrice iu no way alluded to it, and?I did not attempt to gness. I koew I should hear about it in due time. Some people are born to be told things ; and tbongh it is doubtless more interest ing to be born to have them to tell, it iB well to be philosophical, and remember, there is yet a third category, — those who are born neither to hear nor to tell. I made acquaintance with the rest of the family at dinner, a very cheery meal, in a large hall painted with a landscape of trees, and hills, and sky. Hilda's and the Carpacci's children were, in Italian fashion, present, and took up a good deal of every one's attentiou. I sat between my host and Padre Vincenzo the priest, and fonnd the latter most attractive. He was rather distrait in manoer, but possessed of an almost tender courtesy, and the most charming of smiles. Beatrice sat between two of the children, and Mario Gherardo next one of them. He .was tall . and .dark,, and handsome, with the marked profile of an old Roman coin. Like Fadre Vincenzo, and in contrast to Madame Carpacci and Fiero, he was almost ascetically thin. I had very little opportunity of 1 ItUMU trv UIUI) M tuo vutiuicu iugwbsu on retaining his attention. I noticed, however, that he had the same courtesy of manner as his brother the priest, bnt joined to a decisiveness of speech and observancy of lonk, which denoted him a doer as well as a thinker. I know not how, unless it was by some change in look or voice when addressing ber — but somehow I felt convinced, before dinner was over, that Mario cared for Beatrice. And I wondered if it was there thatthe trouble lay. The remaining members of this family group, Madame Carpacci and her husband, strock me chiefly by their extreme resemblance to each other, and difference to Mario and Fadre Vincenzo. She seemed mnch more the sister of her husband than of her brothers ; unless, in deed, it was Fiero, who might be described as the missing link between tbem, both physically and intellectually. After dinner great games went on with the children in the large galleried mnsic-hali. I was not allowed to join in them, on the score of fatigne ; bat sat and talked to Padre Vincenzo, near an immense open fire-place of old carved stone. As soon as the children bad been carried off to bed by their nureea, their elders joined us, and Fiero almost im mediately asked Beatrice to Bing. I felt very sorry for her ; I koew how singiDg to 'me would recall many happy evenings at Schwalbach. Bnt she took up her guitar at once, and sang song after song — avoiding, tbongh, I noticed, those she used to sing at her mother's request. She bad the mo9t charming voice, rich, and with that sort of thrill, which has nothing to do with the wearisome ' tremolo' so common to Italian singers — bnt is best defined by the French as, ' ayant les larmes dans la voix.' At the request of Fiero, she ended with a profoundly melancholy Apulian song, which had, I remember, for re frain the words ' sotto Paltare,' and which with its passionate monotonous minor cadences seemed to open a vista of the woes of the whole world. It was a most nnfortnnate choice to have made ; and I saw Mario look at her from time to time with concern and sympathy. She sang it throngh, however, with per fect self-control ; and my eyes met Mairo's with a look of friendly con gratulation. Themomentary silence whichfollowed was broken by Madame Carpacci," who exclaimed : ' I do believe that is what the ghosts sing in the chapel 1 At any rate it ia quite dismal enough.' Hilda gave a semi-despairing, semi- resigned shrug of the shoulders, and a reproachful, ' Oh, Laura !' as she looked from her to Beatrice. The latter canght her look, and smil ing, answered, ' Dear Hilda ! but yon did not think I had forgotten ?' ' I hoped eo ! bnt Piaro and Laura are impossible !' ' Why, what have we done T asked Madame Carpacci in all innocence. 'Raised the ghost question ; and jnst to-night too !' Lanra clasped her hands dramatically. 'What a head! I utterly forgot -that yon didn't want Beatrice to think of them.' 'But Beatrice was thinking of them,' the girl interrupted her. And I, im patient to understand the meaning of it all, inquired : ' What "them ?" Please tell me why are you all eo incomprehensibly mysteri ous V Fiero, his sister, and her husband, in truly Italian fashion, answered in chorus — Mme. G. — 'The ghosts in onr empty chapel — — ' . « u.-O, - TSey come oil --the eve 'of all the great festas.' Piero. — 'Several people swear they nave seen mem. Mme. G. — 'I myself heard them, from my room.' M. G. — ' And so did Hilda's sailor cousin. Piero. — ' Yes, bnt he said it sounded like the " Marseillaise 1" ' Mme. C. —'That was because he wss "tncretiule." And she paused, out of breath— while I noticed that Mario looked grave, and Beatrice troubled, and Hilda said to me sotto voce ; ' My dear, can't yon turn the conversation ' : Bnt before I had time to alter s word, Madame Carpacci called ont to Fadre Vincenzo, who, daring Beatrice's ringing, had retired to the other ade"of the room, and remained apparently im mersed in some book : 'Vincenzo, you have heard the ghosts sing In the chapel, haven'tyon J > . \ He rose, and came towards as, hold ing his book behind him j a Aindly smile ahqot his month. ALorio walked across to the pumo, aiid Legan tnrning over music. ; He eyl defitly "wanted to beep ont of the - cbn venation. ' And Hilda- whispered explanatorily; ' We aire rh forvO diBcnBsionsof he snpef-. natural, and as we are, -a. - mixtiun of "blMks," Mid ''»hite" hennlgect ls' as danrohs aB'-Hhm bit .where there were .Tories and Radicals.-- : ing last Easter Eve, and it seemed to come from the empty chapel. But,' he continued very slowly and thoughtfully, 'I always feiel that the perception of supernatural sounds or sights is mental; not of the senses — mind only is fine enough to be conscious of spirit — matter canoot come in touch with it ' " Mind '' here standing for imagina tion, eh V suggested Fiero. ' No,' the priest answered gravely ; ' not imagination, bnt perception. Mind both conceives and perceives ; here it perceives.' ' Well, anyhow you believe in onr chapel ghosts,' Madame Carpacci said with a sign of comfo't. ' Bnt now I want to know if yon believe what that old French governess of onrs tells me — I went to see her this afternoon, and she told me more extraordinary things than ever.' Then turning politely to me, she explained : ' This lady lost her daughter five years ago, a quite young girl ; bnt she believes she has visits from her spirit constantly, although she never sees ber ; but Bhe knows when she is there, and she tells her everything she wants to learn. She only has to take a pencil in her hand and all the answers come to her.' 4 What, even the winning numbers in the Lottery V came from Mario, in a tone of good-humoured rallery, as he mine. ' How extremely convenient !' His Bister langhed. ' How stnpid of me, I never think of asking her that Bnt, Mario, she, poor thing, is most serious about it ; and the things she tells me are most serious too ; all abont the other worlds, planets, and so on, where ber daughter says people go lo when tbey die.' Mario langhed incredulously. ' Some are for good, and Some for bad spirits, I think she said, bnt I remember that every one's penance is to come back here, and to hannt the place where they had most sinned, until they expiated them.' 'That's not a bad idea,' said Fiero. ' I wonder what place yon trill haunt, Lanra 1' ' Her FarisiaD dressmaker's establish ment,' he hnsband replied promptly. ' And lncky yon if yon haunt nothing worse than your tailor's !' laughed Hilda. ' Bnt in that case,' interposed Mario, ' you and Laura will be — how can one say it f — divided, for your tailor lives in London. Ia it part of the penance, do yon think, the dooming of husbands and wives to perpetual separation V ' It dependR,' suggested Hilda malici ously, on how tbey got on with ooe another. It might be the greater peoance to be together. In fact, now that I think of it, I seem to see the planets full of theghosts of married people (especially Italians I) in perpetnal contiguity !' ' Which terrible visioD,' continued Mario, in the same tone, ' leaves ns with the problem, how can tbey both carry ont tneir doom or nannting eacn tne scenes of his orherworst earthly iniquities (which can very rarely be one and the same), and that of tormenting each other by being for ever together 1 You mnst ask yonr friend for more precise infor mation, Laura.' I fancied Beatrice looked pained at the somewhat flippantly sarcastic turn con- venation had taken ; bnt Madame Carpacci took it all au grand serieux, s.nd answered : ' I'll try and remember to ask her, bnt I always forget most of what she tells me — or don't understand it. I do re member one other thing thongb, because it was so very dreadful. She actually said her daughter bad told her thatFope Fins IX. had to haunt the Vatican, because hypocrisy had been bis worst ain in pretending to be kept prisoner there, when he might have come ont whenever he liked.' Complete silence greeted this astonnd- ingly inappropriate anecdote. Then Hilda canght her breath, saying almost inaudibly, ' I knew she wonld put her foot in it,' as she looked across me at Mario, with an imploring elevation of the eyebrows. He repressed his smile of amusement, and nodded assurance' of silence, whilst Beatrice kept her eyes fixed on Fadre Yincenzo, who, by the slightest flicker about the lips showed that he too had the passing thought ' save ns from fools.' Bat a moment after he said with his nsnal gentle courtesy : ' My dear Lanra, I think yon had better tell yonr friend to take care lest she have to haunt all the places in which ehe has attended to other people's affairs instead of her own. I fear It might be rather a lengthy penance.' I did not hear if Madame Carpacci promised to do this also, for Hilda rose, and saying I must be tired ont, sent Mario for candles, and after cordial goodolghts and wishes for good repose; she and Beatrice accompanied me to my room. As we stood over the fire, Hilda gave a eigb and exclaimed, 'If you koew what it was to have to steer clear of sboals with all theae differently thinking people 1' ' Bnt they were ail very nice and good- tempered abont it ; and it really was ujQfiu BuiUOlUg) J, AUBWOTcOa .' Yes, to-night ; bnt it isn't always so. Sometimes they getexcited,-and say more than they mean,and jqst now I especially ' regret snch discussions,' she added mean ingly, as she pat her arm on Beatrice's shoulder, and kissed her. 'Will yon tell Eleanor why, dear ?' she continued. ' 1 want you to talk to her, for yon are kindred spirits, and understand each other.' " ' Beatrice smiled at me, bnt sighed as she answered, ' Yes, I want to talk to 'Eleanor; but not to-night ; she is far too. tired.' ' Indeed she is not,' I replied; 'neither too tired, nor too sleepy. And anyhow I should not go to bed to-night till after . twelve o'clock.: ' So if yon will etay and talk to me, dear, yon mil give me a great pleas ore.' ' I may, then, Hilda ? And at twelve,- yon know, i am goingto the'<3iapel.' - ' Dearest, let meheg yon -not. Yon know it will be bad for .-yoo. Flease— please gjve np the Idea.' 'Bnt, indeed, 'itr won't be bad for.me at alii Besides, I mnat.go, can't help, it. Cest plus, fort que moi T ii,'; ; Hilda continued " to implore her to aUerher intention fentln Vaim She was qnietly determined, and at length Hilda "gave-in,y>firtiMlj' reaBSnpd by my offer of accompanying her being accepted. ojacmated, as ehe hook op her candle and bid ns good-night. ' I shall have Beatrice in bed with a nervous attack to-morrow, and Eleanor with a collapse from exhaustion. So a nice cheerful Christmas you ore preparing us.' As soon as she had gone I threw my self into a low chair by the fire, and Beatrice knelt before it, meditatively blowing its cheerful flames into farther brightness. ' Fadre Vincenzo is coming, too,' she said presently. ' He has given np attending the midnight mass od pur pose. He is good beyond words.' ' Bnt won't yon tell me now, dear, what it ia that troubles yon ?' I asked her gently. She passed her hand over her brow, poshing np the wave of soft bair, which fell naturally back again ; then, sitting on the rug and leaning against my kuees, she looked steadily into the fire, and said, very slowly : I will try and tell yon ; and then, if you can, yon will help me, won't yon ! I am very unhappy just now becanse Mario ' she paused, and I, leaniog forward, rested my lips on her hair, and finished the sentence ior her, ' Mario cares for you. Yes, dear, I know that much ; I saw it.' 4 And I care for him,' she continued, with that thrill in her voice, ' with -all my heart, with every fibre of my being.' I Danwnei- knh fhnf. IP (TAaH ' She gave a deep long sigh, and for a few moments there was silence, save the crackling of the firewood, and the little murmur of the flames. ' I will try and tell yon,' she resumed presently,' ' but it isn't easy. He is good — oh, so noble and so great, so far above most of ns, bnt be is honestly and avowedly an unbeliever in religioo, and I do not know if I may dare trnst my self to marry him. Can yon understand ? I fear I am weak, Eleanor, hut if I care for any one, I cannot help seeing their point of view, and though it does not alter my own, yet it is always there as a barrier. .And, oh, my dear, it is terrible to have to be, even in the least, on the defensive with one yon love.' 1 My poor child, I do know. I under stand. But yon wonld not let him go, wonld you, because of this ? Don't you think that would be the worst possible thing fur him ? It would make him feel you were afraid of losing yonr belief, and then he would think it could not be a thing mnch worth having. Don't yon think the best way wonld be to trnst God — and yonr love V For myself yes, a thousand times yes 1 But I am not clever, or good, and if I should harm him. make him think even less well of religion because of my failures and faults V ' Dearest, don't you think here too you bad better trust ? Keep close, obey, and you will be able to shine. And so he will see that what yonbelieve "makes for good." ' She laid her cheek against my hands. ' You are right ; I am sure you are , . T , !, ,1L li. 1 ngoc. nun it wiu oe very, very aiuicuiii. ' I know it, oh, so well ! Things always are so difficult and puzzling in the detail, though clear in the abstract. Bat all great decisions must be guided by the latter, muBt they not V ' If only,' she continued, nnheeding me, 'if only he could believe what Fadre Vincenzo said to-nigbt ; that our minds — though perhaps not his as yet,' she said with infinite tenderness of tone, ' but our minds can perceive, can feel and know things of which the senses are for ever unconscions. I have seen a glimmer of questioning pass over bis face at times when Fadre Vincenzo has said or done eometbiog very " other worldly as if he were thinking, " May he not have some power after all, which is above and beyond what I know of ?" Bnt the others are eo trying — you saw to-night Is it not sad how difficult some quite good believers make belief for others f We continued talking for some time, I ssyiug all I could to encourage her to trust and "to hope, when my eyes fell on the clock, and seeing it was half-past eleven, I asked if we should not go to the chape). . She assented, and as she wrapped my cloak around me, laid her face caressingly against mine, and thaoked mr with such sweetness for 'the help and comfort I had given. We passed along the corridor ootride, and entered asitting room whose windo w opened on to a terrace. It lay white in the moonlight, and a great stillness reigned as we walked acroas.it to a door which opened into the. gallery of the chapel. There were stools by the railing, and we knelt and prayed. Presently I looked over into the space below. At first I could distinguish nothing in the darkness, hot gradually- my eyes grew accustomed to it, and I made ont rows of empty seats, and a deserted altar, with a kneeling figure before it, which I guessed was Fadre Yincenzo's. What silence ! one seemed to hear one's own heart-beats. I looked at Beatrice. She knelt with -her elbows on the railings, her chin resting on her. ulesped hands; tier -'lips were" slightly parted, and ber eyes gazing intently before her. .. The . silence became oppressive : I liUTDICU UJJ. WWO rviuu_ isaj — knelt, and . tried to concentrate my thoughts. A movement oftny companion made -me raise my head. The chapel teas fiM of people! I had heard nothing : bo one had come in : bnt they were there; rows and rows of kneeling forms, with bowed heads,- or upturned iaces ; clasped or outstretched hands, men, women, old and young, rich and poor. I saw them distinctly, .how I know not, there seemed no need of light; they were there ; one seemed to feel as well as see them. . . . AntLthen arose the sound of voices,' and a shiver struck 'through, me .from head to foot. I- cbnld batch -no words, they, always evaded tne ; but the tones of the voices were mote expressive than any words ; it' is impossible to describe toedepths of sorrow.repeotaooe, en treaty tbey revealed. ....-' A feelingof positive ,pain came over me, of profouodest compassion. Beatrice felt it top ). I heard her breathe, - ' Oh, poor aonis, poor hdhla, wheft Joan --we do for yon? Can we hot expiate ? . Ah, let me expiat and gpvje them rest ; -oh,- $velttem test!' . ' " . " And still y the voices continued. I heatdampvement behind me,and tnrn- ine; saw' Mariostanding, his gaze in-. dently hard her . prayer. , He was pale; fr tepii fejlp half over the railing. Mario came the other side of tne. ' Look,' I whispered ; ' yon see them I' pointing below. 'I see my brother Vincenzo,' he answered in the same tone. What, nothing else ? Look again ! and listen. It can't be that yon see Do- thing, hear nothing ?' He shook bis head. ' Absolutely nothing 1' he answered, and I saw that it was true. I tried again, however, seeing and hearing so distinctly myself. ' Bnt those voices, so soul-piercing, how is it yon only cannot hear them ?' But he paid no farther attention ; he was looking at Beatrice, and I knew that wonld be best for him. Who loves understands, and he would not fail to read the troth in her face. I leant forward thereforejust as Padre Vincenzo rose from his knees, and turned towards the people. Their voices saok into silence, aa the words of- the absolution, In low, distinct, vibrating tones fell from his lips : 'Misereatnr vestri omnipotens Dens, et dimissis peccatis veetris, perdncat vos ad vitam seternam. Amen.' A sigh waved throngh the chapel, and Fadre Vincenzo, again raising his voice, gave the benediction 1 ' Benedicat vos omnipotens Dsns, Pater, et Films, et Snirifna fignnftia ' An ' Amen,' sounding like what one would imagine as 1 the last chord only to be heard in Heaven,' swept over the chapel, and it was again empty ; saving Padre Vincenzo, who was kneeling once more before the altar. I looked at Beatrice ; she had buried her face in her hands, and I felt ehe was crying. Tears too were on my cheeks. Somehow gratitnde has more power for loosening them than sorrow. I heard Mario go qnietly out. We remained some time longer, the bells of the little village churches ringing ont their message of good tidings : ' Peace on earth — goodwill — goodwill.' At laBt I turned and whispered, ' Shall we not go ?' Beatrice rose, then stood a moment, a look of immense gladness shining throngh her tears. We left Fadre Vincenzo kneeling there. Beatrice followed me across the terrace. Her hands still clasped before her ; her eyes still looking into the beyond. Within the sitting-room was Mario ; he came straight to her. I think he hardly realized I was present ; at any rate he did not mind me. She held out her hands to him. ' Mario, we have seen them ; you will believe it, will you not? And Fadre Yincenzo has blessed them, aod I trust tbey are at reef She still had thelook of gladness on her lips; of seeing behind and beyond iu ber eyes. ' My heart,' he exclaimed passionately, holding her hands in his,gazing straight into her eyes, ' I cannot lie, aod I saw nothing ; nothing bnt yon 1 Bnt that was enough for me 1 I am convinced, utterly ana encirety, man you — yes, an three of you — saw and heard what I could neither see nor hear. For me there I was nothing ; bnt something there was I of whose presence yon all were conscions; I and I think that some day the light will come to me also. Will not that suffice yon, my own ? Will you not now trust yourself to me ?' She simply held np her lips for answer, and I turned and left them, as the bells raDg ont: Goodwill — goodwill — and peace to all men.' — Argosy. 