TfiW-SVi ferblroolce Wlystbry; t fOonolndod.) Sx Annex 3. Huudat. / Tht> bbih ngiaod as to detail ot the story kmi Buot and 1 saw instantly that it -was : -UutbiaUy tolcli :r- ' Ab-ah l".oxolaimod the iormer, at length. ii This innnt bo looked into. And whore's the lltflodog J ' . » . : " Ho'fl oat thors yet," volnnteered Bobby ; I Vl we conld hear i him ery till wo got clear . tlown the road." \- j -Buok . ran aoross tbo street to Squire Pat- lloj'n. and m a iew words told him all about -St. -- .- \- -Needless to esy our snppor was nntaBted, Inntil a Into hour tbsb night. - . : -"Nearly all .tbo male inhabitants of Sber. Ihrooka, hoadaii by the squire and piloted by jtlio >boya, -stnrtod out-tu -investigate the imuttsr. - - -No pilots woro noodod, however, for the Slog'doteativo still remained yelping over tho . lofimo ;ho bad unearthed, and guided by. lilt Im'ourriinl - howln no ono aould go untray. iRoaobing tho epot, the squire knelt down and - j wdjned /the 'dirt .from the -dead woman's fiinro. . -I "if 8 ILuoy ELiavlal 'Good Godl" ha ex- nilaimdd in a tono of horror, at the earns time Hailing 'fanckm -few paces. tditGrinitbrrorotriokou ipffiuwo of a moment mrtRfopoome ef us- sat to work to exbu us the Ibofiy, -A . low -shovclfule .of -earth and tho Horm.'bf 'a womun, withontishrond or oolfin, Ibatifully 'droaeod in the ordinary garments of : llifc.wrae lexpoacd. About the -body a white isribStanae >wao:plenti(a)lyisprinliled, and was Joinflitolbo'chloriScoflimo, doubtless plaood IthRraltoiinsurii'sydy decomposition, i. lEvflryane recognised poor Luoy Davis, and fflawitbo -rigid arid livid rjourk upon tbs nook, jiriinted -out by tho eqniro. Jit vwnu eviiieiiS Bba )i3d been mnrderod by Btrungiilaiion, >und tossed, drcssod as sha nvaamt itha moment of -hsr violent death, »Ptoitborauo.ar;ivo where tho dog had iouad Ihur. IBimfc (then -rcatiHeil tho :qqurral between the OnsQiwamDuiirndher hnflbsnd which hs bxd Kvlumroe'tl ithoproooding -day when the -cop-. Stain Ibnfl'Stood hcforuibiH aqgry wito jlaying RviCbltho whipcord. . 'Hbe aottoga was searched, and r.ioord was teimH Hying on the floor of tho room, which, roban tttiod >upmi itha wromnuls neck, fivtod tectnlfly itho irigia.'livid cirulo. In itbu «dltr iwaamcqnantity iof.n -whito substansopteoisoly piimitar itoitbst:aoan:ia the grave, -aud thooo isriidlim lbdloqgiug'to.Hro. Davis Sound opon itunaicrpaoivmo miisaiiig ifroin thu houna. . . Bfc irnriraioii tea llf itbofe could ho mo znore . BoiihturJiltoitfaaioriininal than tbo «rime. : Htnfiy most imozoiing IBuok came to unto fcjyidEiuo.wtravtilliqg cntuhol in hiB hand, 'Eod'vo met iflnished youc vaoation, ButelyU" Iiaakedtiniourprita. H'.vq 'voluntarily 'Ohortoned it,"- ho an- Uivjered ;;"il'm .going baok to the city with ithiflioaaeiiin , hand. Thero'a enough in is to linturostaigood 'many ipooplei" '"Oood-by, thaaj" isoidl;; '"lot uno.hear IfrmnwaujBiickJ". '"SDhfyoql" lhe inesen'to'di good iluok to lyjoumithydar lolianti" taud du another mo. i tmoriSlhewma tofl. ; ITho ntattlipg 'alfKinof the migiit qiroviono IhndieomaWhat diminished the movelty-of my :own wieitor, Ibut ffiuokla xomuria broright hsokithcimyeteryiagqin, and! tell to wonder ingtwhora tcbo waQ, ,-and if sho had hoard ol thoitorribloorimoiperpatratod.upon.a woman \- who lhad ifcoen ma \voi;y like do Jiecomo iisr . ' hofltoae. . i jAtidinnor timott\waH:aii <ovorte ttho thiol Budigtezmedtoudritha list of arrivals of three . ripye liirSaru iin itho vqruo hops tof .finding rainoiiirmription-oi fl HrsBsrjd tsnmaboy jbuttttwasidiBappointed. I '.Cho tonjy ilady >eiranger was ta Udrri. It. CSnrktau, twho, with hcv tittle boy, had nhiy Kta|oll to vor might icnd <wsat inhay . tho next tmnxning. . ! ESvidontlytny.oliont had uo-i honored tbo Diotdhwith a -visit;; whore-on earth oouid she Binvajgone to, canlass sho. took the lata night ttminjfor teomo , other plaos, -was the great ifli'o. iin mind. And then ho. own words, I'-iDarnotiattcmpt to write to -me or find mu toin;;" icome ibaokito my .mind, and. I «on- jelnood is'no ihad iprobably hod it ia her iminQitoiliNivn iBhrirbrooke when ioho uttered itltem. I ffipiaitewiapjs.il jjswiiyfid.'itpls ktEorfrom SBndk. v . ' I . ffitiran— ' - ' '!. oiBjamiBox,— ' > , - XuuMbw . iantliolflf y waa placed tin scy Ihando tea -to the JDaviB mnrdsr, so, latter'. iBoaertaining -.that tho .oaptua had UttilcaforNawlork, 3?oliao Captain launmcr iand anysolf iEiarohad diligently among the itlujppirig until wo found ithe Oavrard' ImooradiBtpc IBoat Bivar pior, I want on boarH innd'said, — ' I (Guoa-mominri, -oariiem. Tm corry to Ifroflblo.-yhti, hut ffiwa iB" warrant ior your nrreat" - , : "'"Arrsstl! For what'!.' umskimtS le, jgrortly iRstonielicd. 'Foritho murder -of your wife,'1 raid I. |:-'""Jdarder <of my -wlfo.f That aan't he) IioqyimfltfieadS' I. "'"Tcaehoiiss.intrsnsled by a cord.". P1 '"'U'rie oldfcUowroso to hia feot nnd looked see iiitUsmnlymndisteiulily in ihoteoa. ",;Skseid'hofloal)y1\,if Luoy'&dead;, II ;don'.t:Imow:it;; 2 had a quarrel with hor thu might 3 Holt, mad ;gnvo her Apiece . ot my imindi.tint'God lisocy witness that I didn't jputiaihpnd upon jher.'V , " ! -looked -.with in ,-good ido&i; of interest tnpon tho .-man .who mould .deny .a orimo with . Which ho was iso letroagly linked by citoam. etantial -ovidonoq, -ibut 1 took' him all the !Bamii,io'nd>woUHboithcro -in Shcxbrooke eoma ticiato-'morzowu iSca you to- morrow sightj probably. IHotfls your. one oliont?" .'That was allirsferrlqg.to the raprdor. . /.The :ncxt .day ttho jptiople «f Shorbrooko Itcovjeil'pcrfectlyhiatl. hen Hack pad hie 1q" -. aige nrxived, vt ho .captain vras eurrounded |by u'hboiicgrmob that -paltod him with op. ipr bbfiouB -enilhet!!,.aad yrith diffioulty ooiud Ibu rdstxaiaud ifrom doing violonoo to his Sersop, ibat ihoiioro biuself hruvrily rind uri ' ismayed-ithvough it all, , PHIsioarduot, however, was only rioted Jo this disoErfU, for the citizens conld not re- paombirrany hardened wretoh who had no Ihold'. flaunted hid .orimo in the faes of an outraged peoplo. fSYoli, in due time the grand jury was con ironed, and his case oonsidered. There "was no more .doubt of bio gaill in that offiaUl body than in tho oommanlty at large, and be was formally indicted for the mucder of Lnoy Davis, \V/hou Buok took tho newo to .himjri hiB , sell, ia only said, — " God's will bo done." ' -His p.erfoot resignation bad bv this shne won on Book's kind heart, and he inqairod if ho didn't wioh to ongagoooansol to defend him at thoapproaohiug trial. 'Tho old oaptnin's fsoe brightened a little at thiaflret faint sign of sympathy, but ha isplied, — " I thank yon, friend, bnt I don't need no tlwyor. Gnii knows I am innooeut of this prima and Ha will prove it in his own good timo." ' '.Tho nammsr had lengthened into an early autumn ; the September Jtiyn had began to be somewhat ohilly, cud in nil this time ne pews name of my myutarious cliqnt. Hovcrnl other omatl oaacs bad boon con- flded to mo, and Ihad kopt tolerably buoy in (hp interim, but ones in a while I ueod to get out thoto papors and look them over and n.oidts it ever I phould ass the litilo woman ' jigs-ln. ' Bnoit juaad to jbno me nnmoroifnlly about it (although' ho vms unacquainted with tha iku iiMiisflJaro) and onoo ouggaptod that i a enmonoo entitled " A Bteuk Beryl," ; me nr.a roturuod to his regpiar work it ' the city, but ran dovm ovary now ond than frvquantly on tho Saturday evening train, tt stay ovt-r night with mo and spend Sun , fiay. I : The sir'rht faotthot his fiinoco had spent the summer months ut Shorbrooko and win ' feEojW'Vl hor. stay throuuh tho fall, I did . not oOfiHIdSr rib important aiflliir fondaeB for my company, so suddenly evinood, and so I nsed to toll him, bnt ho always claimed hie groat interest in tho Davie murder oasa refnesd to let him Bleep nights in Maw York, and ha wanted to bo out hero to bono&r; tha old man in oasa of a mob. Thu day opnorated for the trial of tha priaonar was oIoeu at hand, when our quiet villago was tronblod by a now torror. Ouo romsrknbiy ploasunt baotombar morn, ing, when tlio cnildrcn wore nfl on their way io uoliool, tho or.otevn conoh stopped, a ghoul doocended, and wulkod leiauroly with ovary somblanca of liln down the road toward the long dnBortod oottugo on tho lonob. An Bobuv Jlnller confidod ti inoaftsrwnrd, " it wr.o u "nornbie, real, live ghost," for it tried tn put tho chunking boy en his carls, and nodded fonnliufly to eoverul people whom it met on too Vay. A niimbar of porsonu wore ready to ewaat that tbiu ghost wuo endowed with homnn pasBionu, and that they almout saw a flush of nngcr-riea to its ohecku when it fonnd-thi -whole town avoiding it in nnooncsalod terror. >- But it waB a persistent ghost, tor if .walked uieuiljj on uutil it . reached thl gardeD ante, whteh it found nailed np ; and. ; it'daveloped'o talkative propensity when it, I 'diecovored tha pigs, running riot among the! j vegetables <md flowers. r Iii tba voibe of tho dead Luoy Davis it ex olaimod-in a peaviuh tons - - . - - 1 ' " That John Dsvie'U bo .tho death of mt ! -yet I Letting them peaky hog's root op | Ihingsso I"' I It ie headless to prolong the story ; the I ghost wbh no other than my old enemy, Luoy Davie, whom I hud firmly boli-ved to bo sleeping quietly in her grave. 'Vfibsn Buck called upon hor in seuroh of psrtioa. . lam, oho gave the following auooaat in her \- own language : " I'vo often give John eaee, bnt he's never ' give me no eitBS optil that last row wo had, 'i'hcri ha did firo Op and blnsso out, leavin1 me mauder'n all fnry. He's got c tongue with a deal o' meuhnass in it, now I tell ya. Well, ho dug out in his oloop, an' I made up my mind not to .ist hira_ oqmo homo and think he'd got the host of it, uo I paaked up too vmd walked on feet that night to Woybor, where hy nobody, know mo, and took the oosch td hunt tip tt .cousin o' mine that's married arid settled in Vermont. Of oouroa ! heard nothing about this ' body bueinsso ' that thoy thought was mt, and after my visiting streak got worn out, I started home again, but Itwae riothin' in the world but tho merest Iqok that brought mo so soon; my 00118111 Maria, oho was a-going taw do soma quilting lor. tho. winter, an' I'd partly pro mised to- stay a, few weeks longer and help hor, bnt Lord knows I never lneopt no harm ' to John. That pesky 1 body ' mnothsva stole my best skirts and table oloths an' that whole sat cf silver oblny that John brought ' mo from Hosting," That's tho wholo story. . Dnviu was,: of uourbe, instantly relaascd from p'rhsori and tho legal prooeodirigu aigainst liitn ntoppud, and after that Siierbrooku never henrd of any .moro. disiurbanoo be- twtssn tho, oriptoin and bio wifo. . \- Goino littls timo afterward I was talking, I with tho old man abont tho affair and all of a rindden he -thrnst his hand into tho aa- ptcious pooket of bis seaman's trousers and pulled forth something whioh ha handed to i mo. - ... - ... I " Bato'fl what Lucy lished to-day, ouc'a I our old well that's diiod up," ho enid. i I examined the trinket with eager into rest. It was the eamo ring, the same fan. tootio : design and icurioua Betting,, .tha ; same ghostly glimtnsr to the stone, that my myatia client bad worn upon her finger tkrat- warm July afternoon, two months ago. I turned it over and over. Iuaido, in dalioate letters was inscribed "Beryl," That was ull. . "Did your wi|s find anything elce J" I strove to aak oarolcsely. " Lomme sse," he refleotod for d moment. ''Oh,7eo, aeuit of blaok mourning an' Jhiok veil, ibickar'u a board, I should nay. Luoy gave it to Mr Jbhnson; and she would have-, let Him have this, only . I had it iu my pooket.". Bticksad-I west if wu'rk upon the new f&ote; of tho oaso, and I oonfided to him the whole etory of toy- client. We traced the ting to a Now York pawn ehop, where ie had been placed tor ealo by a Gorman lady and from .whiah plaao it had been sold to - a womuu— tbo deecription of whom oomparcd, almost idCtioally with that o! Lucy Davie. It was ono of those ctrsngu, zaysterione ro Eomblunoas with ' whioh ono meets rarely, and was that whiah had go impreceed me with an air of familiarity about my client. 1 wrote to the fuw nemos I had poseesoipn 4 of in tho woman's papers. . Prom rtome I never heard at all ; others knew nothing of a woman named " Beryl, something," the -title. mast have- bean fio titioun. Prom only ono parson did I hear anything likely to ooniain a shadow of the truth. , ' o This ono wrote that a woman answering to my description was the wife of a noted English burglar mimed Collingby, now dead ; the woman v.'oa bis olover asuompliqe, aiding iliui grottily With her r&uyiike; ttir, qliiut ui:,U- oors and wonderful habit of gaining confi dence and friendship wherever she boarded and -formed acquaintances. f Hut of oourco nothing was certain. Buok declared it waa tho first ease upon whidhho had ever asms off worsted, and ho returned to Now York with his pretty wife, and fait- rather disgusted with Shorbrooko. ... A mystery hmi always - brooded ovor tbq Davis ooStagoand tho mutdor still remains an insoluble enigma. - PI f icon yaaru havo now dapciid without-'' any doteotion of tho murderer. A number of articles wore missing Item' the house, and a closo corotiny showed that tha stvango woman had not only, been there, bat 'had probably bson murdered there daring tha nifiht nltor Davin aud'his jrife left. Tha cord found in tho room had fitto'd tlia't Soak, and tha ahlorido of. linto in tho ceUav.( ad evidently been disturbed, while then: houeo was generally disarranged. : Mra Davis'a absence from she nonoe woa' not known or proven nntil aftor the finding of tho body, and ita idontifioalion was so absolute that of quiires ne ssarah was made for a woman lmown_to.bo dead, and Luoy -herself, being. in o retired > spot of a distant State, bad heard nothing of hor supposed death and eubsoquont events. My cliontwaa believed to have' been, one of a party of burglars whd entered the houeo, - and soma quQrrsl -having arisen, eha had been murdered by tha other mcmbere of the' phrty. . I havo kept the ring to give to Buok'a little daughter, Beryl, whan tho time oomee, and tho papers 1 have still, safely pat away. Tho case yet remains among tho unfinished police business. Ho human effort has ever learned more than w as discovered by the brute instincts of the dug, when ho pawed the ecorat of tho crime from the ohallow grave in tho dork forest. Bo, yon aoo, 'murder will not always out." A noted Sunday-sobool worker wae onoo osketl to talk on tho subjoct of temperance, Ho is very earnest in tbu causo, and weats a blue ribbon ns a badge pf his principles. Rising before the ouhool ho pointed to hie bit of blue ribbon and said : " Now, can any of yon children give me n reason why I am. not a drunkard ?" . There was no reply for a moment ; then a obildish little voice in the rear of the rooin piped out : . " 'Cause this is a nrohibitlon town." The St me "Feller." . Young Lady : " I heard somebody kisa yov tr tho dark last. night." | Maid : " You got- kissed, trio.'.' . Young Lady:. " Yca, but thatla .tho young I man to whom I am engaged.- to be married; 1 There Is ho .harm in that.". '. ' ; : ; . . u Maid:.!' I'm glii'd to boar (ti 'He was, the Coung riian you heard, ki?siug- me lathie,h»ti : hit night." - -,- '. Young lady falhtn.;";,-,. , ;( : : To writo a good story , for .'th e . jiubllc . ri man iriat'-iutn' 'iri> Mwy.'-AJlfii.' WR. "I ' 