A BOOK OF THE DAY. ROUND THE WORLD WITH A SEPTUAGENARIAN. In a handsomely got up and wall illoitratad volume, a respeoted Heltaurce oitizan records his impressions ef a journey round tha world (n 1890. Though printed for privute circu lation onlr. if we may judge by the pleasure and profit derived from its peroral, the pub lishers, Messrs Ford and Son, Carlton, will bite many applications for oopiw, Ibe well-known of Mr W. levers, sea,, L familiar to most Mel- boarno residents ; few however, know that tho staid old gentlcmAD, who for forty yoars has gone out and in amougttas, had spent a itormy and adven turous youth in the British N&vy;, reoing service on many seas, moating with advt n- tn»a t. m>« Und. To lit# naval exnetiuncci he added those of a piocecr in Canadian foreats before finally settling down in Mel bourne. Here by strenuous sod uo- weariod Industry, he has won for him self a position of oomfort, and the respect of his fellow- eltizons. Strong in will, Bko Tennyson's Ulysses, he could uot bring him self " to rust nnbtirnlsbcd, not ta thino in use so tu# 1S9U, ucoompanlod by hli son, tho popular member for Carlton, tbo old gentleman started to explore new lands aod revisit old scene. In a faithfully kept aod nnpretendiog journal of each day's uxpsrlsnoes, be recorded hie Imprceslona of mon snd manners, and be bas now, in his "Fifty Year' After: or Old Scenes Uo- viiited," giren tho#o permanent form. Ins kindly and ympatbotio preface, Mr James Moloney, with admirable literary tact, intro duces bis old friond, and rlug up the curtain. The joutaoy itself, including visits to Kgypt, I'atwtinu, Italy, Franoc, Great Britain, Ire land, Canada, and the Unitud State# was areinarkablu foil for one of Mr lever' years. SU11 moro remarkHblo Is tho perHotiaUty re- vealod in its reoord. To the kueooet #u«- ocptlbility tor all that attoat material pro- ruspomdvooess to thu aiorlod and romantio past ouly posaiblo for a woll- cultiratcd mtail. l)uo note 1# taken of the bonotits of British influence In Kgypt, ot tho new life in re generated Italy, of tho ro;tal betterment of tho working clone In Knglaud und Ireland, and of tho aooial problems in coursu of rotation in the New World. But not leas interesting nro tbo pa- rages whioh chronicle tho emothms stim-d by tho tights ot Jerusalem, by tbo Jordan and other aacrrd actum, by Pompon, Uome, Stratford-on-Avcu, Abbotslord and other rts famed iu story. Obi ago bus come to writer as 14 a lusty winter, frosty, but kindlr," leaving uuohillol tho gennine catholicitr of spirit which glows ou overy pago, undeadeuci the simple, ublldlike piety, of which thu unpretending record furnishes so many proofs. Wo cull one or two extracts for toe benefit of oar readers. A BENDIGONIAN AND TIIK RESURRECTION. ' We were curing Colombo. Daring tho nigbt those was heavy rein nnd a thick fog ; so mooh so that the captain, for safety, slowed the enctau and kept blowing tbo fog horn. A Jowiah gcntleiDnu, who hail from Sandhurst, was wuke up out uf his sleop by too norn mowing, atarueu by tbo leariut noise, In the confasion, aud only half awake, betook it into bis boad that the rhipwa belug lost, and that it was the blowing of the horn which is to assemble all thu ChllJren ot Israel in l'aloetino nt tho la#t day. This gentleman was greatly oomlorted on dis covering his error, and said he was in no harry to visit that couutry so long as ho oould beta lu I'cmdbiy champagne over night had something to ao with bis delusion. However, wobavu to thauk him for a good laugh." "An amusing incident at Colombo will gladduu the heart oi Mr Fitzaribbon : TIIK MAGIC OF A NAME. " Daring our brluf etny Iu Colombo wo chartered several vehicles, each holdiog four poraons, aud made up a patty to visit tho suburbs, cinnamon groves, markets, and a famous Brahma temple, nnd also to oxptoro tha native town. Two or three milos out wo camo on a museum of vry protauiious ap- pMntooe. it was then 9 o'uluck, and tbo doorkoopor said it would nut bu cpeu to anyuno till ten, as tbo ouratur aud other high officials had not arrived. Tho morning was very hot, and ivo wero all anxious to gel under shelter, no my son resolved to test tho Sower of tho Melbouroo Corporation iutro- uotiun, with its formidable gold seal and Town Clork'n letter, on thu oflioial mind. It was euolofod in a crimson moron m caso let- tared in gold. I, astlienonior member of the company, presented Itta tho do<jr-keopcr. Ho took itiupide for a few minute, then tlie chief attendant, asccnipiudrd by other of- iiidals, appeared in jicrxon, hovvmz in Ura most courteous uauner, snd motion ing to ui nnd our frisnd# to eater tbc building. I suspcot ho must bare thought us very important jiereonago#, us our credentials uuro n perfect "open Fcssme," aud in the most polito manner bo sbowni ut All over tbo building. Relic of tho past of ovory kiud wero hereto bo stun, l«olh iu Ibclr natural sUto Knd pre served— bird, buust, flihc, god und guddesues, jowcllery two thousand yours old, srruoruf the quaintest kind. NYu thanked Ura jtnitor, aud after tbo usual huskehoceh to tbu attendant, hade him good-byo, mounted oar carriages, the o til rials bowing lour to tbo ground, aud drove off." A mournful lotorcst giv-oi value to the folluwtag kindly aud sympatbctlo notice of A LAMENTED MELBOURNE I'AiiTOit. " Sunday, 9th March,— -Wo expect tliia evrning to enter tho Straits of Bcl«lmnn- deh, thocntrance to tbo Itml Sua. Ohurob service was condactcd in tho lulonn by tho Rev. Mr Itass: and tho Rev. ,Mr fltmmng, assisted by Mr Rom, conducted two religious servioMOu the second oeblu deok. Mr llun- niug appear to me to bo a very zealous, God fearing man. Mr Running renders groat service by visiting and assbttag a lot of poor sick peoplo io the Moorage of tbo ship, and I bavoneard isreralof them spe#k In the most grateful terms of bur ktaducetand charity towards them." I'OMFEII. " What a mockery of human greatness and human vanity is a walk throuph this silcut city of tho dead, l'ktru (a ono etirerd section of It that oonvors no awful IrMnn to all raurst thinking men, that special portion devoted tu namalea vices, which, thank God, a laigo portiou of tho Christian world U perfectly Ignorant of. ffuoh prac tices wero degrading to onr common human nature, but so debased and sunk in sensuality must throe peoplo have been that lha common shame whfob usually accompanies theso evil predion wss n>t known to them. In ths vanoua chambers where theso uuuatural orgies took plaoo the walls arc covered with fillhr pictures in full detail, so well executed that after the lapse of eiiihteon hundred yean mauy of tho colors and Azures are still porfoot, and no one who roe tnam can fail to loatho those vile produo- tiona and their anthori. No woudor, 1 think, that tho samo fate that befoll Ura runted cities of tha Plain— Sodom and Gomorrah— whoso site wo had lately visited en the dead sea ahoro, befell them. was gtad to observe that oo female or youth are permitted to inspect theso rooms ; a soldier gots with each party to seo .that the rule Is oemplled with. As a wind-up to tira visit to Pompeii, we went to tho Nntioual Museum, and, as an object leeson, it has made an taJelthle tmpreraiaa on my mind. Xbero exposed to riow are all the appliances that make every day life enjoyable: those ancient peoplo kuow all about them, most tblogs we eujuv in our dally life aro tbera. and oe for tbo jewellery and article In gold and silver, set with precious stones for female adornment, they are there In profusion. Loaves of bread and confectionery found in tbo bakers' ovens are there perfect in form. Tbo sight, too, of the poor bodies of moo, women and children, just as they wero fooud, somo In apparent agony endeavoring to ahlold their fmoos from tho burning lava is aod Indeed t ftmo&gst; them Uo a poor woman and hor daughter duped together In tbo last mortal agony." Mr levers foand the Kow Rome of land booms and jerry.builders' triumphs not at all the Roue of bis imagination. He hid bowe- er, no cause to cgm plain of his rooep- tten. Among the high-placed dignitaries of the Pontifical oouxt he found . some who eboriahed moetkindlymemorios of llelbaurne Bofortheeakoof old times difficulties we smoothed ftWfty, etlquotto had to relax iu rait., ind bj ipocUl 1>V« 001 »uthor »nd" party of his follow travellers bed AUDIENCE OP 1US HOLINESS, THE ropE. " At squatter to twelve enr party act out lo thw«iriage3forthopiUrof the Vatican, sod wero met at tbo foot of tba grand stair, cose of white marble by tbo Sw.m Guard, a fica-lookiog set of men in a? mi- armor and fifteenth cvntury drevs, armed with long, fonnidabto-lookiog pikes and short swords ; tho dress quaint, but eoldicr-like. We mounted those beautifol stair leading to the private apartments of the Tope, and weze soon in the miffst of, eridectly, the bollest, the fairest, and the bravest in the land. Soon vc found oarralvt in tho large apartment ad- raining tbo Grand Statu Room, in which his iinliueM receive hi visitor), sod alter our letter of admission whs " viseei " by oflicUls of most solemn appt-aranco, we were Intro duced into tho reception room, an apartment uf most gorgeous and splendid appearance, with n rich, ancioot-lookioc Upestry poor- irajrtaz .Soripturo and historiu subjoets. A raised vulvot divau r.tn all roond tho room, tho reotra being altogether nno'curilcd. Amumr tho cmnd cfliolal that wo met beforo entering t)iu rroeption room I recognised Moniicoor O'Brisn, adlgnitazy whoral remembered &sague;#tat thahooae of our respected priel in Carlton, tha Bar. Father Ow-onutfll. Motwignor aoemedtobe a Fading personage here, and tpoke moat klodlv to us. In the grand reception room wo found ft crowd of coolcuiastica, ladles, gentiemcn, all seated, and evidently of exalted rank, judging from tbo atten tion paid to them Dy Ura house hold prelates and officer of tha .qcrt. Alter a short delay a slight buu wawJMlftrd, and nt tho far corner through a doorway ap peared Ilia HoltneM.sorrouudcd by numerous attendants, cardinal and biabops. All at onco fell on their knees, and tha i'opo, who wtv dressed platcW in white flannel, or very light cloth, vi ;u crimson sknll can and crossiMon his white shoes, very thin, slightly boot witli )f»rv, but uf a most amiable ap pearance, commcncod to progress olowir round with n Uiod word or otbar ex jroirtiou to overy one, signing most of ttiem with tha sign of tho cross on their forehead. Of' ottr company Wlillo and I were furthest from hiro. 1 caught the word# " Australia, '' " Rroteriant," uttered by tho Brand soercUry. When ho was in front of our company ho seemed pleased, and elovatcd hitniulf when nddreirsinu our non- Crttholiclcllow-tonrist, speaking a kind word to each lady nod ccntlenran. When be reached us, 1 being nearest, ho putued. The Laruinat aura, "luuioua, rauier ami oan. Ho spoke iu Itallau, and the Holy Father laid his hand on my heed. I asked hi Messing for oolf and family, whioh he imparted to rne most solemnly, und gave ins his ring to kios, which I did in tho most rovurunt manner, lie parsed on to Wffllo, who was evidently much affected, and dealt with Mm much as he had done with utF. Many of iho visitor hadqnantlttaa of Itcads and relic to receive tbo ApoatoUo I'oucdiotion with tbcmiclves. When tho i'opo hud gout) quite round to tho plaOS whcnco ho Ktarted, Ira suddenly advanced unattruded, and aiono into thu contra of the room, nil a«#fmbtcd being on thuir knees, aad elevating him»elf to lite lulltst hsight he threw hie Iraod# high over hie heed and sMd that wo wero all iho childrt-n of God, onr common Father, and n« such ho Messed u. Ho then dropped hi Lit hatid, aud signing Uio crone in the air ovor ua 11, imparted to as and onr families tlie Apostolic benediction in Ura namoof the Fattier, the Son aud the Holy Ghost. At this moment the scene was most awo-inspiring, several Indies and gentleman, sobbing loudly, aud nit deeply impressed with the solemn sccdo. HU Holiness then took hiadop.irture, end we went back to our hotel highly pie ced and edified." GLdiv would wu follow Mr lover to KnuUnu, Scotland, Ireland and America. Tho interest of hi volumo rise iIod by step a ho treads familiar ground, and notes ths result of fifty year of change. There U much that U new and suggestive in his pic ture uf the humnlnuils, but out spam ootn pel u tu part from him. There It both plc-uuro aud profit to bo derived frotn the poruasl of his delightful volume, and we are euro that no ono will cluso It without an in. t'-reasod fading of adudrat.ou and re poet for the venerable nutner. JuttN Ru>. 