QtJIP8. \- Toaen never was a husband,' exclaimed Mrs.; Strongmind.,' that was worth his salt.' ',And only one wif,'inmeekly replied the hus band. ' Her name, -my dear, I think was Mrs. Lot.'. : ? . . '.And you wish to be treated P? said the dentist. 'No, begorrah,' replied Mr. Dolan, 'you shtop thehurrt in this toot,' an' Oi'll: trate to anythin' yez want. ' Papa,' said Johnny, ' what's a seraphim ?' ' A seraphim, my son,' said Mr. Knowitall. 'is a male soraph, the final syllable'' him' being added for :dentification.' Josie: 'I was taken for 26 to-day, and I am only 18.' Julia: Whant will you be taken for when you are 25 1' Josie : ' For better or worse, I hope.' . He: 'I grant the doctor is a handsome man, but he is awfully conceited.' Sho: 'Well, wouldn't you be conceited if you were a handsome man ?' Angelina (to her betrothed) : ' Oh, Edwin, there's such a good.lookipg girl just behind you! Do look lI' Edwin: 'Ah, I've no eyes for good looks now, darling.' Mrs. Strongmind: ' Don't you think woman's hand has played an important part in the great work of civilisation?' Philo sophor: 'Undoubtedly; buto I don't think her hand has been, quite so effective as her slipper.' 'Hardup is a pretty deoent sort of chap, but he never sticks to anything.' 'Did you ever lend him any money ?' ' You think my boy is bound to make his mark ' Teacher: 'I am afraid so. It seems impossible for him to learn to write.' Emorson remarks, 'Trust men and they will trust you.' A Hunter-street tailor alters the aphorism to this: ' Trust men and they will bust you.' Idaho Jakeo: 'What did you shoot Slim Pete for ?' Billy Hobooe': 'For trlppin' the light fantastio toe.' Idaho Jakeo : ' I don't seeo wh7 ye shoots him for thet. Thet ain't nothin to sheot a man fer.' Billie Hobooe: 'VWal, I reckon it was. Ye see it was my light fantastio toe that he tripped.' 'There's one fine thing about our wedding presents, Tom, dear,' she said. 'There wasn't a duplicate in the lot.' 'That's true, worse luck,' sighed Tom. ' We haven't any excuse for disposing of any of 'em now, and times are awfully hard.' Mamma: 'Willie, you must not interrupt mamhma while she's speaking to ladios. You must wait until she stops.' Willie: 'But, mamma, you never stop. The man who is seared at ghosts is afraid of nothing. Visitor: 'Do you regret the past?' Con vioted counterfeiter: 'Oh, no; it's what didn't pass that I feel bad about.' 'Well, Patsy, you're baok early from the fair. I hope you made a good bargain.' ''Doeed an' I did, your honour. Sure the ould woman gov me sixponce to buy an almanac, and, begannies, I've brought her back two of lasht year for it I' 'This ain't what I ordered,' said the countryman at the Mountain Hotel, pointing to two slices of'venison on his plate, 'You ordered venison,' said the waiter. Yes, I did; but I ordered htunmoh of venison, just as the bill o' fare card has it. Them ain't no haunch; them's slices.' Teacher: ' Spell "then."' Bessie (aged six): ' T-h- e-n.' Teacher: 'Now when tho "t" is taken away, what remains ?' Beasio: 'Dirty oups and sauoors mostly.' Poor Mr. Jarley is very absent-minded. The first day he spent in the mountains he got up at 7 o'olook, dressed hastily, bolted his breakfast, and started on the dead run for the railway station. He had run a mile before he realised that he was off on his vacation, and that there was no train to catoh. A gentleman who was spending a month in the Highlands wont to hire a carriage for the purpose of taking his family for a drive. He looked at a vehicle and Inquired how many it would hold. The ostler soratohed his head thoughtfully, and replied, 'It hanuds four generally, but six if they're weel Oacquant,' A. rooroaut.- ' Wut yoh. done whup do poy foh?' asked Uncle Ebon, as he oame iito the oubin with a sable youngstor whimporing at his sido. ' I whup i ''oa'so hoe done stole or mush-million f'om do freight train,' roe plied Aunt Chloo, with a glanoo of indignn tion. 'Ho done stole or mush-millonl' 'Dat's whut ho done. It's soan'lous tsr t'ink fob dat boy whut we raise so koorful stoalin' mush-milllons l An',' sho added, with inoroased fooling, 'dah was wratah-millone in do nox' kyah I' Wifo (looking over bill): 'Do you ro member, my dear, how many trout you caught when fishing last Saturday P' Hue band: 'Thoro were just 12 of 'om--al boautioe I Whyp' Wife: ' The fishmonger Ihas made a mistake. He only charges for half a dozon.' A man with a donkey for sale, hearing thiat a friend wanted to buy one, sent him theo following, written on, a poastal onrd: *Dear Jones, if you are looking for a really good donkoy, don't forgot moe' -A Girton girl, who was on her holidays in tho North of Eagland recently, proposed to continuo her stuales,. and advortlsedxfor a classical ' ooaoh,' A local eoaohbnilder, who was an applicant, declaroed that ho would build one to any design. Tuaohor : 'If you faco the north, dirootly behind you will be south, on your right hand will be east, and on your loft hand west," Sooing a lack of attontion on the part oi obhby, anud wishing to oatoh him s "* What is on your loft hand, Bobby P' Bobby (in deep onnfusion): Ploaso, ma-a-on--o--it's some tar, an' it winna como anf,t Robbloe: ( Mamma, supposo somrn day I :should be saillinI on the ooean in a ship, and an awful big storm should comeoon, and ,the ship should bo turned over, and thon I Hhould be upseot right out in the water with, just notlhig to hold on to, Wouldn't that be terribloP' Bobbleo's mother: ' Yes, Dobble, it would, indeed,' Bohhio (earnoestly) 1 Then don't you tlhinlC I might go down to tlheo river with Willio Smith and loarn to swim?' An Irish tonnnt-farmor, rotunring fromn a somewhat distint market lato one afternoon, missod his way and got into a bog-holo, whiro lie stuck fast, HIs landlord, who know the locality well, chanaed to pasn shortly afterwards on horaobtohk, notinoced his teannt's dilemma, iand smilingly shouted out, *Hallo, Pit, you'vo got fixity of tonuro now I' ' Yes, bogorra," ojuosilated Pat, ' anud elhuro I'd be moightly obllnd if yor honour wud oviotino.' . 'ho way of the tranagresHor is' hard, bo. canlao a groat many people have gone over it. If you want to mailio suro your advioo will bo taken, havo it ongravod on your nmlrollb hsindlo, I 'Is your reotor Highs Churh ' ' 1Oh, yes.' .' I iupposo he onslls sin, thon, a moral obli quityp' 'Higher than that, He calls it psyohologloal oooentriolty,' Ir you can clisHnsstly and rapidly say ' Dritish broecheos,' that hlat aall aHoida ua done its duty. * A good many youar ago,' Hays a aorrspulotentl of a contismporary, 'I huappend to bo tiravoling itn thi Wst of snglanid, Osn ostoerisng a (olnlmartlnitut I satleod Is gontluninu whls striuck me as sntist'lgly rsunamblliig the latse Lord ieosrsusn nild, ait thlat thino Mr, Disrnoll, After engaglug in goneral cornversttionsl with hhili for a whlil I vcntturod to remlnurk upoln his likonosH to the well-known stsatcsrilan I sy eaoqaitlunmlo ri'oilied tlihat hlin id always libon coiildotrnd very mutclh U111( I)slirnoll, 'thlis 1lud tot liny tolllig solnu ianniiloeditiH ibllout lhat pucrssgiis, andsl, ,ist> mHy hlsiwor susHonnil to 'roUll tlhrin ia good disal, I told siovoral, An I WstH altthlg sut, this gtfuntlsulunlli ronlirkfldc 'aGoodnllyol, anld tlhinllli for your sitorlhi," "ilnll lllo, rnil'g,' said II "I'sml ghlil ysill 1luld tholn," OhI, ynH. thlov wore vesy lnstirsitlling t, nol," nald ,lsoi " 'hIlitsill I' thin nisli, ind lithy'ro llte o unitwH tu no "' Il'tltiui l)o2tft 4(1(1 HhOa(uIM WIIo (ur( , IlollowI&~' uon Ouri Is thUoirtiulo to uHO,. Go?n bottle att onou und hroiuOallr ourn., 