My Rival's Revenge. (From Chambers's Journal.) At one time in my life I had the sole charge of a signal-box on one of our great main lines in perhaps the most desolate part of the three kingdoms—at least, it was desolate enough daring the winter months. Then, except for the freight of human beings that the trains bore past at stated intervals, 1 did not Bee a creature from the time that my mate toft me until the hour when he oame to relieve mo of my duty. But the lonely life troubled me very little, for I was of a thoughtful turn of mind, and, truth to say, at most times pre ferred my own company to that of others. Thanks to my own exertions, I was better edu cated than most men in my sphere of life. I had a turn for practical engineering, too, and it wm in this direotion that my ambitious fancy often led me on. The railway company, in whose employment I had been for gome years, had found me useful to them, and had been pleased to acknowledge my services by promising me a position of trust and importance—such a position as men ten years my senior had waited for in vain. In a way, then, my future was secured, and I was only filling the post of signalman until the vacancy should occur for me to drop into. Borne little distance down the line where my signal-box was stationed ran the big river that gave its name to that part of the country, and over this river a bridge—the construction of whioh was somewhat out of date—carried trains into the next shire. Much depended upon the bridge, and one of my chief duties was to keep it clear for passenger trains. Goods trains and the like that did not oome up to time were shunted off by a sharp curve into a siding that ran along by the river's bank. One November afternoon—and a typical November day it was, dark and dismal, with a heavy oppressive feeling in the air—l was at my post in the signal-box. I was not in a particularly cheerful frame of mind, but I put this down to the weather, and it certainly was enough to give any one the " blues." It had been blowing hard all day; but, as the twilight came on, the wind had fallen, and there was a sense of thunder in the air, while that strange stillness which portends a storm had settled over everything. I had a bright fire burning, and I rose from my seat beside it and gased, in turn, through the many windows of my small domain. The outlying country looked very dreary; without doubt, a Btorm was at hand. Even as the thought pa3sed throngh my mind, there was a muffled, rumbling sound whioh came nearer and nearer, until one mighty crash broke overhead, and an instant after the whole place was filled with blue, lurid light, whioh made the darkness that succeeded it the more intense. Another rattling peal of thunder, the sound of whioh eohoed far and vide, and then the ilood-gateß of heaven seemed to open, and the rain poured down—rain and hail, that the wind lashed againßt the windows with a fury that seemed irrisistible. It was well that my little tenement was seourely built, or such a storm must have brought it about my earß ; as it was, at each blast of wind, it rooked again, and the fire was all but extinguished by the hail that fell, hissing and spluttering, upon the burning ooals. In all my experienoe I had never witnessed anything like that storm. At no great distance, the river, swollen and tur bulent, was rising above its banks, harrying along, and bearing down all that oame in its way. I was not afraid of the storm. I told myself again and again that I was not afraid, but somehow this storm had strangely affeoted me. I paoed my little room from end to end, brood ing over my past life, dissatisfied with myself, and feeling—for conscience makes cowards of us all —that I would have given worlds had I been a better man. Then I tried to recall some good deed I had done in days gone by that would encourage me; but, instead, there oame before mo with startling distinctness the remembrance of a man who had been my rival —my antagonist—one Matthew Holt by name, a man who had openly and persistently avowed himself to be my enemy. It was some years since we had parted. Poor Matthew! I oould think of him pityingly after that lapse of time, although his last words had been full of bitter, passion, as he swore that one day he would have his revenge. He had gone abroad. I knew not what had becomo of him; he might be dead. It was not often that the thought of the enmity between us troubled me. When it did cro3B my mind, I had been wont to lay the blame entirely. on him ; but on that night I saw the past with different eyes. Perhapa there are other men who, looking back to the time when thoy were in the twenties, feel naif contemptuous for their former selves. At any rate, that was how I felt. "Ah ! Frank Bryant," I said to myself, " you fancied yourself a very fine gentleman, indeed, and in many ways you were little better than a conceited coxcomb." Then, with an effort, I brought my mind baok from the past into the present. The first fury of the storm was somewhat spent. The rain still streamed down the many panes of glass that surrounded me, and the wind rushed by with an angry moaning sound, bat the thunder was growing each moment fainter. I replenished the fire and looked about me. The signal-box, in whioh so many : hoars of my lite had been spent daring the last year, was lighted by several jets of gas; and', fitted into their appointed places along the wall. were the many mechanical contrivances, tho use of which must puzzle the uninitiated, and upon which so much depends for the safety and despatch of our great railway trafiio. I myself was like a bit of the mechanism of the whole, for does not habit often become mechanical ? And no matter how busy my thoughts might be, there oould not have been a movement among the signals, a vibration in the eleotrio bells, but I should have been on the alert, with eye and..eat, rendered keen and watchful by long training, Wbilo.l listened to the storm I had not been forgetful rthat a goods train was far bebind tts time, and as* I turned from my fire I had warning of its approach. It could not orosa the bridge on such a night, and perhaps en danger the evening express which would soon be due, so I turned the points and sent it off into the siding. I heard it ramble past with a feeling of pity for the engine-driver and guard! who were foroed to delay in suoh weather. As I turned from the levers, having sent the metals back into their plaoes, in readiness for the express, I raised my eyes, and beoame aware that a man's faoew.as pressed against the wet glass at the end of the box—the pane over the door. As I looked at that strange face, those wild, angry eyes, and the red hair blown about by the wind, my heart seemed to stand Btill with a sudden terror, I felt, indeed, as if I looked upon a ghost, for the faoe before mo was no other than that of the man who bad been haunting my thoughts for the last hour— my old enemy, Matthew Holt! For an instant only we looked into each other's eyes, and then be disappeared. Even" after I had lost sight of him, I was too be wildered to think or aot; bat as soon as I recovered my presence of mind I harried for ward and opened the door. The light from within showed me that the little flight of wooden steps that led to the ground had no one upon them. I went down a step or two and peered about me, but the darkness was im penetrable. I shouted oat, to know who was there, but no answer oame. The rain beat in my faoe, and the wind was so strong that I oould searoely stand. I re-entered my box and closed the door after me. It was then, and only then, that the oonviotion foroed itself upon me that what I had seen was an appari tion, a mere delusion on my part, caused by the morbid influence of the storm and by my brooding over old times. Bnt no matter whether the faoe I bad seen was real or imaginary, it bad set me off dreamt ing of the past onoe more, and for the next few moments I allowed my thoughts to take me where they wonld. They carried me bade to a time when I had gone down to that quiet little Welsh village to do my part in putting down a new line. I was smart and aotive—a good* looking youngster, too, in those days; so, who oould wonder that pretty Nanoy, the beauty of the village, transferred her affeotions from her ; yokel lover to me. Matthew Holt was a power* > ful young giant, but ungainly enough to look i at. An unmannerly oub, too, in my estima -1 tiou, and I had treated him accordingly. Yes, , it was in that direction that my conscience , reproached me, when I remembtred how I had 1 lost no opportunity of placing him at a dig -1 advantage and asserting my own superiority. ! Not content with winning for myself the prise i he coveted, I mast confess that there were I times when I took a malicious pleasure in ' making my unhappy rival smart. I have seen i hiß eyes blaze with passion, and his brawny , fists double themselves ready for a blow. And i yet be never laid a hand upon me; and I knew that hia forbearance was only for Nancy's sake. Hie was an odd nature, and even I could not bat admire the strength and devotion of his love. My pretty Nancy 1 How well I could remember the pride with which I carried her off as my bride from her village home, and for a while life was very sweet. Bat it was not long before death claimed her, and Bhe passed away, leaving only a tender memory behind; which, as the years went on, seemed almost like a dream. I sat staring fixedly into the fire, living over those old times again, and wishing, alas! an idle wish, that I had acted differently, when suddenly a cold blast of wind swept through the room, blowing the gas about and making the fire flare. The door mast have come open, I thought; I oould not have shut it properly. I rose to secure it, bat before I oould tarn round I received a violent blow upon my head. It was dealt with Buoh force that I fell heavily to the ground, and for a moment lost all con sciousness. When I came to myself I found that I was lying on the floor, bouud securely hand and foot. The door of the Bignal-box was shut, and standing before me, but with his eyes fixed on the levers, was Matthew Holt. He looked, as he was, years older than when we had last met; bat I ooald have sworn to that big, loosely made figure and that shook of red hair any where. In an instant I had realised the whole situation, and seen how completely I was in his power. Yes, the hour of reckoning was indeed at hand. He had come, in all the strength of his brute force, to take his revenge. He seemed suddenly to beoome aware that I had recovered my senses, for he turned and looked at me, and as I met the pitiless expression in those savage, bloodshot eyes my heart turned siok and faint within me. After oontemplating me in silence for a moment he said sneeringly: "So, Mr. Frank Bryant, you remember me ?" " Yes, I remember you," I answered, speak ing as calmly as I oould; " and, although there was not much love lost between us in the old days, I never then thought of you as a coward —one who would take a mean advantage of hia enemy. Come, Matthew Holt, unbind me; let as meet on an equal footing, and I will hear what you have to say!" He threw back hiß head and laughed, a short, mocking laugh that was not pleasant to hear. " No, no, my fine gentleman; yon don't come over me with any of your smooth-tongued speeches," he said. There was another pause, daring which he drew a bottle from his pocket, uncorked it, and drank. It was strong spirits, I could tell by the smell of it. I shuddered. This was not likely to improve his mood. Indeed, at the first glance I bad notioed in his eyes that savage recklessness which oomts of the madness born of drink. It seemed as if nothing could save me. Poor Nanoy! There was no thought of her to come between as now, with its softening inflaenoe. In ail probability, the fact of her death had bat recently beoome known to Holt, and that would in a manner acoount for his appearanoe. As this thought passed through my mind I watched him with a kind of fateinatidn, wonder ing what the next move would be. He replaced the bottle in his pocket, and drawing the chair into a position from which he ooald see me sat down. "Do yon know why I am here ?" he asked. I made no answer; and he went on: " I will tell you. lam here to take my revenge for the brutal way in which you treated me in days gone by. Yes, Mr. Byrant, the tables are turned; I have the upper hand now!" " And for the sake of a foolish boy's taunts you would risk bringing the charge of murder upon your own head 1" I returned (utterly. " You think I intend to take your life," he said coolly, " but you are mistaken. To kill you would be to end your misery; and there are many things worse than death. It would be harder for yon to live with a stain upon yoar name. Bain and disgrace would bring your proud spirit down." I was bewildered. What ooald the madman mean ? At any rate, it was a relief to hear that I was safe from bodily harm; for the rest, how ooald he touch me ? " I know all about you," he went on, " how yon have got round your employers until you think your fortune is made t But how will it be with the company's favourite servant after to-night?" As he finished speaking Holt rose and took the levers in his hand, changing the points, as I had done an hour before, so that the next train would run not over the bridge, but down the siding, on to the tracks of goods that were already standing there. " What are you about?" I oried, struggling wildly to free myself. " Matthew Holt, for God's sake, think what you are doing 1" He made no answer, but, leaving the points as he had placed them, resumed his seat, look ing down at me with a leer of triumph that made me see more clearly the pitiless nature with whioh I had to deal. The whole scene was so horrible that I felt as if I were in the gasp of a nightmare. So this was his revenge! To ruin me he was prepared to commit a crime so dastardly that the very thought of it made my blood run cold. God 'knows that at that moment no thought of my own responsibility, or the blame that would be attached to me, was in my mind; everything was swallowed up in the knowledge of the tenable fate that awaited the evening express. I oould think of nothing bat of those unhappy men and women that each moment brought nearer to their doom. From where I lay I could see the dock and watch the signals, and I knew that the train was even then due. No words can describe the agony of that moment. My heart beat so that I could soaroely breathe, and every nerve in my body seemed to have a separate pulse of its own. I could only feel add think—l was powerless to move. I listened, half mechanically, to the moaning of the wind and the beating of the rain upon the windows, for the storm had sprung op again with redoubled fury. Then, with one last effort, I broke into a torrent of eager words, imploring Holt, by all he held sacred—by the God above us—by the memory of old times— of the girl he had onoe loved, to paus* before it was too late, and think what he was doing. I piotured the horrors of a railway collision, and bade him remember that the blood of all those ill-fated creatures would be upon his head. But he only laughed at my ravings, telling me calmly that he had counted the cost, and that " the game was worth the oandle." It was just then that there was a movement among the signals, and the electric bell rang out, heralding the approach of the cxpreu. Almost at the same instant I oould hear in~the distance the sharp, wild soream of its escaping steam, and I knew that it was actually at hand. For a moment my reason seemed to desert me. I can remember rolling over upon the floor, struggling madly, passionately, to be free. But all in vain, for, as I lay there, panting and writhing, the train swept past. And then I remembered no more. How long I lay there senseless I cannot tell; it must have been hours, but it might have been days or months, from my dazed .sensations as I struggled back to life once more. As I lifted my head and looked about me my be wilderment increased, for my room seemed full of people. Strange faces bent over me in anxious solioitude. I gazed at them blankly for a moment, then, with a rush, it all came baok to me—the eventß of that terrible night I I sprang up, orying out wildly to know what had.beoome of the express. An old guard whom I knew, and who was, in fact, the guard of the express, stepped forward and laid his band on my arm. "She is safe," he said impressively—" saved by your presedce of mind. It was a dangerous game, my lad, but our only ohanoe; and God be praised, it worked splendidly." I could not understand him, and turned to the others for an explanation of the riddle. And bit by bit it was all made clear. It seemed that the old bridge, which had long been looked upon with suspicion by the engineers, had not been able to stand against the storm, but had collapsed, and only a few seoonds before the express should have passed over it! It was believed that I had become aware of the perilous state of the bridge too late to stop the train, and bad therefore retorted to the only other alterna tive—that of sending the express into the siding, after the goods train. This in itself was eminently risky; but, thanks to the severity of the storm, the express was going at a reduced speed, and the engine-driver, finding himself upon strange metals, had applied his brakes, and brought her up when within a few yards of the waggons; and thus a great catastrophe had been averted. Every one was loud in my praise, declaring that had it not been for my presence of mind and the promptitude of my action hundreds of lives would have been lost! I denied this, and tried to explain what had really oeourred. But it was an incoherent Btory, and, in the excitement of the moment, few paid attention to it. Holt had evidently carried out his plan of revenge to the letter, for I had been left unbound, and he had allowed no one to see him near my quarters. The next day, in the river, among the debris of the fallen bridge, the dead body of a man was found. He was a stranger in that part of the country, and I was the only one who was able to identify him. But I said as little as I ooald respecting him, as I had no wish to brand his name with shame. My nerves were so tried by the strain they had gone through that I never again undertook the duties of pointsman, and the night of the great storm was the last that I ever spent in a Bignal-box. 