TALES AND SKETCHES. RENSHAW FAMIWS QUEST. BY BERTRAM MITFORD. Author of (be "ThoGuu-Runuer: a Romance of Zululand," " 'Tween Snow and Fire," " Through thc Zulu Country : Ita Battle- fields and its People." &c.; [ALI. HTOHTK UESEUVED.] CHAITEH XXIII.- FoLuowiNa THE CI.DE. It takes a little time to get used to sleeping out in the open, und on thc hard ground. Thc latter thc uuvicc is apt to find hard iudecd. There is always that refractory lump or stone just under bis hip bone, and hy thc time hu has removed this, or shifted his position, ho only settles down to find two siiniliar Bources of affliction where there was but one before. If timid bc will think of snakes, if nervous ho will bc momentarily imagining sonic cold creeping thing crawling over Iiis car or «ncakiug inside thc legs of his trousers. Add io this thu novelty of thc situation, and thc hundred und one varying voices of thc night, which combine to keep him awake, and it follows that however alluring to the embryo traveller may be the prospect of " camping out," thc reality ÍB less pleasant-till he gets used to it. ReiiBlinw, remarking that their late formidable visitant needn't have wished them good night quite so loudly, rolled himself in a i blanket, «nd in ten minutes was fast asleep. But .Sellan, being new to this kind of tiling, speedily fell a victim lo each and all of the little inconveniences above detailed, and passed a most uncomfortable and restless night. Thc bowling of thc hyamas, mingling with the shriller "yap "of the limiting jackul -sounded continuous- then just as he was dropping off into a doze, thc loud " haugh ! haugh !" of a troop of baboons on thc mountain side, started bim wide awake again, his first impression being that their late visitor was prowling around, intent on cultivating a closer acquaintance. Twice, indeed, did he hear that thundrous, muffled roar, which once heard is so unmistakable, but it was in the far distance. On thc whole, therefore, all unrested us he was, he felt anything but sorry when his companion, looking out from under his blanket, stared at thc stars, then leisurely sat up. " By Jove ! I've been envying you," growled Scllon. " You've becu sleeping like a log, end I've hardly closed my eyes all t he night." " Not eh? Ah, I forgot you're not used to this sort of thing. You soou will bc though. Turu in again a little longer, while I brew tba coffee." "Coffee ! Why, man it isn't daylight yet" " No, but iu a few minutes it will be However, you lie still. Try and snatch another hour s snooze. I'll see to every- thing." He was as good as his word. When Scllon awoke-not in another hour, but rather more than two-the sun was already up, but his comrade was nowhere lo be seen, nor were the horses. There was tho coffee kettle, however, handy by the fire, and some biscuit. Having absorbed a steaming cup or two, Scllon lighted his pipe and fell better. A double report sounded from some way along thc river bank then and there, In about twenty minuteB Renshaw returned. " I've been marketing," he said, turning half-a-dozen ring-doves out of Iiis pocket. "These little jokers aro not half bad when grilled on the coals, and they don't take long to cook. To-night will bc the last time wc can make a fire, until wo find ourselves herc again-that is if we come back this way. " "Well, I shall go and got a Bwim,"said Maurice, jumping up and stretching himself. "A swim? Hold hard. Where will you gotit?" " In the river, of course," was thc astonished answer. But Renshaw shook his head. " You'd better not try it, Sellon. It isn't safe." "WhyY Alligators?"' " Yes. You can't go into doep water. But there a shallow a little way ap, where you can have a good splash. It's only a matter of a few inches if you keep close to thc bank-and you must keep close to it too. I've boen in myself this morning-and by thc same token it's the last chance of tubbing wc shall got. I'll go as far as thc risc and point you out the place." Half an hour later Sellon returned, reinvigorated by bib both and clamouring for breakfast. Thc birds had been glucked and spread upon thc embers, split open, spatchcock fashion, and when ready afforded our travellers a toothsome breakfast. Then they saddled up. " Wc shan't do our thirty miles to-day," said Renshaw, as I hey rode along. " We started too late. But that won t greatly matter. We have plenty of lime, und it' better to keep thc horses fresh than to rush them through." " So it is. But, I say, this place is like thc Umtirara Valley, minim tile bush und the greenness." It was. As they rode on, thc desolate wild- ness of thc defile increased. Rocky slopes sparsely grown with stunted bush, the iiHiial cliff formation cleaving thc sky-line. Boulders large und small studded the valley, lying like so many houses ou the hillsides or piled up in unpleasantly obstructive profusion, right along thc line of march. Of animal life there was little enough. Here and there an armour-plated tortoise stalking solemnly among the stones, or a large bud of prey circling overhead-hut of game, no sign. As thc sun mounted higher und higher, pouring his rays into thc defile as though focussed through a burning glass, thc heat tried Sellon severely. " This is awful,'1 bc growled, for the fiftieth time, mopping his steaming face. "Is il going to be like this all the way !" " It may be. But we shall have to do most of our moving about at night. Wc can take it easy now and off-saddle, and trek on agaiu towards sundown. Until we actually begin our search, I know thc ground by heart. Come now, Sellon, you must keep up your determination. It's beastly trying, I know, for un unseasoned chap; but think of the end.'' "I believe I'll get a sunstroke first," was thc dejected reply, as thc speaker flung him- self wearily on the ground. " Not a bit of it. Herc, have a drop of liquor-but you'd better take it weak, or it'll do more harm than good." And getting out a pannikin Bonshaw poured in a little of thc contents of his flask, judiciously dilating il. from thc water-skin slung across tho pack- horse. This water-skin by thtTway was an ingenious contrivance of iiiB own, and of which he was not a little proud. Like its Eastern prototype -upon which it waa modelled-it consisted of thc dressed Bkin of a good-sized Angora kid-one of thc legs serving for the spout. " Not a bad dodge, eh ?" acquiesced Ren- shaw, in rcsponßc to his companion's remark. "Thc water hus a leathery taste I admit, but ÍI'B better lliun none at all. I hit upon the idea when I first began these expeditions. Something of thc kind was absolutely essential Trekking with waggons you carry thc ordinary vaatjc (a small drum-shapoa keg), slung between tho wheels, hut it's an inconvenient thing to load up on a horse-in fact thc second attempt I made thc concern got looso and rolled the whole way down a mountain-side-of cnurse splintering to atoms. Besides, this thing holds moro and keeps the water cooler. 1 came near dying of thirst that time, being three nigjits aim two days without a drop of anything; for this is a mighty dry country 1 needn't tell you." " What if the whole yarn should turn ont moonshine after all?" mihi Scllon, with thc despondency of n thoroughly exhausted man, "There's one thing about it that looks fishy. How could what's his name - Greenway wounded as ho was, fetch your place ia two or three days t Why, it'll take us nearly a week to do it-if not quite " " That very thing struck me at first," said Renshaw, quietly, shredding up a piece of Hoer tobacco. " .My impression is, he didn't conic back thc same way ho went. You see he knew the country thoroughly. He may have taken a short cut and come straight over the mountains. For I'm pretty sure the way wc are taking is an altogether round about one. " " ThcD why couldn't tho fellow bavo told you the shorter one, instead of Bending us round three sides of a square ?" " That's soon explained. In thc first place, this woy is easier to find, the landmarks more unmistakable, and thc travelling better. I In tho second you must remember the poor old chap was at his UBI gasp. It's a good thing for you, Sellon, tint he was, for if he hod only lived half-an-hour longer-even a quarter-he'd have given fuller details and I should have found thc place long ugo. Ijook how disjointed the lost part of his story is, just the main outlines, trusting to me to fill in detail. I tell you, it was quite pitiable to up see the manful effort ho made to keep till he had said his say." Later in the afternoon, thc heat having somewhat abated, they resumed their way, which grew at every mile more rough and toilsome, l>ctween Ihose lofty wnlle, winding round a spur, only to find a succession of similar Bpurs further on. Then the sun went «ff the defile, and a coolness truly refreshing succeeded. Reushaw, leading thc way, held steadily on, for there was light enough fi om thc croat sparkling canopy above to enable them 'o more than distinguish oui linc. At length tile moon rose. " Look ahead, Sellon, und tell mc if you sen auything," said RcnBhaw at last. " Sec anything Î Why, no. Stop a bit, though," shading hib eyes. " Yes. This infernal valley had come to an end. There's a big precipice bang ahead of us. Wc can't (¡ct any further." " Not, eh ? Well now, look to your left." Sellon obeyed. At right angles to thc valley they had been ascending and which herc" opened out into a wide basin barred in front by the cliff referred to ran another similar defile. "There il is," continued Renshuw, ina satisfied tone. "That's thc 'long poort' mentioned by Greenway-and," pointing to the righi-?'there arc the 'two kloofs.'" It nos even as he said. Thc situation cor- responded exactly. " We'll go into camp now," said ReiiBhaw. " Let's seo what you' I think of my "hotel."' Turning off the track they had been pur- suing, Renshaw led thc way np a Blight acclivity. A number of boulders lay strewn around in a kind of natural Stonehenge. In thc midst was a circular dépression, contain- ing a little water, the remnant of thc last rainfall. " Look there," he went on, pointing out a smoke-blackened patch against the rock. "That's my old fireplace. Our Mate will he quite hidden, as much as it can be anywhere, that is. So now we'll Bet to work and make ourselves snug." Until he became too fatigued to suffer his mind lo dwell upon anything but his owu discomfort, Sellon had been cudgelling his bruins to solve the mystery of the resuscitated document, but in vain. He was almost iouliued at last to attribute its abstraction and recovery to the agency of the dead ad- venturer's ghost But the solution of thc mystery waa a very simple one, and if Sellon deserves to be left in the darkness of perplexity hy reason of thc part he played in thc matter, the reader does not. So we may briefly refer to an incident which, unknown to tho former, bad occurred on the evening of Renahaw's return to his most uninviting home. He had been very vexed over the French leave taken by his retainer, as we have seen. But, when his anger against old Dirk was at its highest, the latter's consort, reckoning the time uad come for playing the trump card, produced a dirty roll of paper. Handing it to her master, ehe recommended him to take care of it in future. Rcnshaw's surprise as he recognised its identity was something to witness- almost as great os Sellon's. He hid been going about all these weeks, thinking thc record of his precious secret as sccuro as ever, and all thc while it was in the dubious cure of a slovenly old Koranna woman. But on the subject of how it came into her possession old Kaatjo was reticent. She had taken care of il while thc Baas was sick-and, but for her it might have been lost beyond recovery. Moro than this he could not extract-cxccpl an earnest recommendation to look after it bettor in the future. However, its propitiatory object was accomplished, and he could not do otherwise than pardon thc defaulting Dirk, on thc spot. The fact was, she had witnessed the stranger's doubtful proceedings and haviDg her suspicions bad determined to watch him. When she uaw bim deliberately steal her mantel's cherished " charin," she thought it was time to interfere. She had accordingly crept up to the open window und reft the paper out of Sellon s hand-as wo huvc Been. So poor old Grcriiway's ghost may rest absolved in thc matter, likewise thc Enemy of mankind and thc preternaturally accom- plished I aboon. And, although she did not state SB much, thc fact was thal thc Koranna woman had intended to return thc document upou Renshuw'B recovery, but hud refrained, on seeing him about to take his departure in company with thc strange Baas, whom she diBlrusted, sud not without good reason. 