THE NOVELIST. BY THE Blue Australian Mountains (Bv LILIAN TURNER.) CHAPTER XVI.-(CONTINUED.) "You nriisfc 'souse me, Molly," lie said, " but I was born laughin'." . Molly looked at him admiringly. ? " You're j ist the same as ever you was, Mr. "Wilfred," she said ; " nobody to look «at you 'ud ever think of what you've gone through!" "How d'ye like being married, Molly ?" asked Wired. " Fair ter middini'," replied Molly, " the courtiu's the best part," with a look towards Marie. : " Yes," said Wilfred, " that's spicy, the rest's-flat. When I lost my .. wife," he added, with malice afore thought, " I determined I'd never let it go past the spicy part again." Mollj- looked sympathetic. " I didn't know," she said. " I-I didn't know she was dead. Oh, Mr. Wilfred ! things 'as been 'ard on you. I-I-" Wilfred leaned his head on his hand and sighed. " Never mind, Molly !" he said, in a melancholy voice. " I know you're sorry." " It's a beautiful day," said Molly, quickly. " It is !" said Wilfred, sighing. Molly gathered herself and her flowers together, and pinched little Molly. "We'll 'ave to be goin'," she said. " We's to go into town to sell these, yet, and the time's gettin' on." " But you'll come again ?" asked Wilfred, looking her in the face, "there are crowds of wild flowers here, Molly." "Shouldn't wonder if I do," said she, looking pleased. " I come out gatherin' 'em most days. Come on Moll." " I want to see the circus," whined the child, following her mother slowly, " where's the 'orses ? Lemme look if I can see their 'oofs under the tent like I uster." " No," said Molly, walking on, " this ain't a circus. There ain't no 'orses 'ere. This is a country resudence, Moll. Come on." " Hum ! " said Wilfred going inside his residence looking at Joan. " I think I'm found now, Joan !" Joan nodded. Her face was as white as her gown, and Marie was trembling visibly. Wilfred threw his arm round his wife, and took her face in one hand. " We've been seen before," he said, reassuringly. " You're not going to give up the ghost yet, Joan." " It's different this time," said she. " You were not disguised, and she knows you. It's all over, Wilf." " Not if I know it, old woman. I'm going to have a little longer tether yet- till the old fellow dies, any way." " Weren't you frightened when that creature came ?'' . " Turned cold, to the very end of my moustache." "If you were not such an impos sible man," said Joan, suddenly, " you'd do what Marie says. Wilf, for my sake ! Wilf, if you love me !" "I can't, Joan." He dropped his face down on to hers. " I can't, dear heart." " Why not ? Oh, Wilf, we could be so happy together-you and I. Don't put pride before loAre, and an old sweetheart, before your wife. Wilf, Wilf, my darling-" Marie slipped outside again, leaving them standing together with their arms round each other and faces close. She leaned up against the canvas and , covered her face with her hands. " And we could be so happy, together," she cried,." and there's no pride in it. Only the wife must come before-the other." In a little while they called her in. " It's all right," said Joan, all tears and smiles. " Come and help me pack np, Marié. We'll be out of this before sundown." "Arthur will be here in a couple of hours," said Marie. " He is going to bring a cart, and bo can take away everything, Joan. Let's be quick." 