Sir Marmaduke’s Wili. CHAPTER IV. | There was, however, one blot on the bright picture, in the darkened window at one end of the principal building, a window surrounded by the thickest ivy and darkened by dust and neglect. It was on the upper floor, and therefore could be distinguished, at a considerable distance from the surrounding brightness. Be lated villagers looked at it and shuddered as they passed, for they whispered, that it lighted the haunted room—that room where old Marmaduke Danes ford had died, and where it was said his ghost still walked looking always for the lost, will that would reinstate his grandson- in his jdghtg J to.. iik young man stood leaning on a little gate.: that led. to a by-path windiug through the wbod .up to the house. From this part he could obtain, a good view, of Danesdyke and his eyes remained riveted with a strange persistency' on the darkened window of the.dis used room. He was a tall, handsome young fellow; with good .dark eyes and a face that was rather boyish still, in spite of his twenty-five years. He wore a nautical, dress iu which he seemed a little ill at ease*“-for at each footstep on the road he glanced round as if afraid of being recognised—and had pulled his cap with the glazed peak low down.over his eyes, as if to shade them from the sun, or perhaps there was some moisture in them that he would have been ashamed for a stranger to see. He had avoided the village and walking from the neigh boring town had chosen the least frequented road ; but had he been-recognised .by the] simple - country folk, they would have, hastened to give him a loyal welcome. J ... . The stranger was; yiolk^ DauesfoTd^wiro to take a last look at the home that had been his in his boy hood, the grand old house to which he had always believed himself sole heir. 1 Made penniless by his grand father’s will—he had been dis-. inherited for an absurdedlv frivial cause, a few hot- words spoken in anger about a piece of boyish folly—he had gone to London, determined to make his own fortune by hard work. Full of of hope and enex-gy as he was, though, he found the struggle a deal too much for him, and was almost in des pair when he obtained a situa-. tion in the office of Mr. Courtr\ nay—Clarice’s father. That led to his. acquaintance with" his employer’s daughtei*, and the old tale of Whittington and Alice was told again, with a difference. - '■ . Mr. Courtnay died, and his clerk, tiring of office drudgery, determined to go to sea. Many difficulties wei*e in the way, but ot last he triumphed over all, and, bidding farewell to Clarice, set sail. There was no likeness to Whittington after this, how ever, for he carried; .with’, him no cat to bring him good luck,’ nor returned home from “ the Court of Morocco ” laden with fortune. He came home from his first voyage little richer than he started, returned to find his lady love had left London, and gone to share the home of her guardian, the very man whom he regarded as the usurper of his rights. He had written to her often but had received no reply, and then some rumor reached him; that Mr. Marsden was in love with his beautiful ward. After that he wrote to her no more, believing her silence a confession that she had been tempted to break her promises to him for the sake of a rnoi'e wealthy lover. So on the eve of his secou'd voyage he had come down to Danesford to take a last look at the home I that had been so dear to bim jiu bygone days, the home that heid the woman he fo loved. rl he sound of a horse’s tramp came along- the high road, but Rollo JDanesford did not turn his head. He remained look ing fixedly at that darkened room, hoping that the rider, whoever-lie was, would pass him by unrecognised. In this hope, however, he: was disappointed, for the horse! was checked suddenly, and in another minute his rider was off his back and standing with outstretched hand by Bollo’s side, - “ Danesford, old man, don’t you know me ?" It was Clifford Darrell, and though for a moment in his pride Hollo, seemed inclined to draw back, he could not witb ^tand.-_tke-out.stretched'-h.an(3" and the friendly glance of the honest eyes. “ -Yes, it is I,” he said, rather huskily, as-their hands met ; “ I have just come to take a last look at the old place. We sail to-morrow, and sometimes I am tempted to wish this may be our last voyage.” “ You have a fit of the blue’s now,” Clifford said, “ and no wonder. The sight of that old house is enough to make you think of all you have lost.” “ It is not the house .1 care for so much,” Kollo said; though the lingeringglance he cast at the ivy-clad walls rather belied his words. “I have had worse troubles than that, Darrell •; there is Cla rice-— “ Ay, what about my. little sister?” Clifford said quietly as the other stopped. “ Why, she has thrown - me over, jilted me, and all for the sake of the man . who robbed me. You look surprised, Darrell,- but 1 can tise no lighter words.' Ho" you think I am a child not to know; that it was that man—-my grand father’s secretary then—who widened the breach between us till what had been a few fqjt» I la if-wofcts''-was~vmn.gn'metr into an unreconcilable quarrel? He.thrust himself between me and my inheritance, as he has thrust, himself between me and the woman I love. Oh! if I could but find the will that is hidden somewhere in that haunted house, and have him [ hounded out of the neighbor hood with the shame he de serves !” ! “ All that’s right enough as the will is concerned,” Clifford said, “ but you are under some mistake as regards the Clarice1 part of the affair. She has never jilted you, but I believe in secret has almost cried her eyes out in your silence.” “ My silence! But I wrote to her. regularly for- months without receiving any ans wer.” “ She never received those letters.” “ More of that man’s treach ery,” Kollo said between his clenched teeth ; “ another item in the long score I hope to settle some day.” “I’m not very much in my sister’s confidence,” Clifford went on, “ so you had better hear all explanations 'from her own lips. Gome along.” He put . his hand on the young man’s arm to lead him j away, but Rollo resisted. “ Where are you taking me ?” he asked ; “ I cannot go into that house now.” “Do you think I am a mad man to expect it of you ?” Cliflord said, as he backed his horse from the bank where he had been quietly grazing, and prepared to lead him down the lane. “No, the fact of the matter is, I believe Clarice is having tea with a friend, and really I was on my way to join them.” Rollo wished to encounter no strange faces, but he was anxious to see Clarice before he started on his voyage, and for her sake determined to brave even Her friends, so he walked willing-]y by Harrell’s side down the steep lane lead I iug to the village.: ' - - Down in the hoi low ruse the grey tower of the little church, with the smooth turf round it sloping to. the water’s edge. On- one side stood the ivy covered vicarage—aquaiut old • house with many gables , and latticed windows ; and on-the. other rose the school-house, a' more'modern building of red brick, that was picturesque also in its own way. Under the same roof as the school-house, but in all ways "separate" from it, stood the. schoolmistress’s dwelling— a trrm lit tle cottage of two rooms, one above the other, and a tiny kitchen built out at.the. back. I was here that Olive Van st.on had found a shelter, thanks to Clarice Courtnay’s generosity ; and the months jthat.„h3.cL—flown-—Bince^tkat; . Christinas night when she had watched the lonely traveller go to his death upon the snow covered moor, had brought a great change to the governess. School was over for the day, and the teacher sat bv the hearth, talking to Clarice, who had come, as she frequently did, to share her friend’s tea. Clarice sat, on the hearth, and for once there were tears in her blue eyes. For months the girl had' struggled against her lover’s silence, but to-day a few stray words of Olive’s had touched the.old wound and with a little cry she had broken down utterly. Suddenly there was the sound of horse’s hoofs walk ing leisurely along the hard road, and directly afterwards the horse stopped of its own accord before the schoolmis tress’s. door ; and having thrown the reins over a con venient railing, the horse’s rider stood on the threshold of the little parlor, with his friend by his side. Olive looked into his eyes: with a bright blush on her? own cheeks, too engrossed iir. his presence to notice the stranger ; but the next instant •.(3hiiiiaaaA.ad_ni}rajni>-. temblor foot— and'with a wild cry of Eollol rushed towards him. ; Olive looked for a moment Bewildered, but directly - after wards understood the situa tion,- and without waiting for an introductio-’i to Mr. Danes ford, she seized two or three lumps of sugar and went out to feed the horse, She was hardly surprised when she reached the garden, to find that Clifford was by her side, so the two lovers were left alone in the little parlor, to give and receive those explanations and assur ances of good faith that were to send Rollo Danesford on his voyage with fresh hope. To bs continued. 