THAT . HOUSE . IN! BLOOMSBURY. By MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of "The Son of His Bather," "The Sorceress," "Within the Precincts," "Young Musgrave," "Oliver's Bride," "A Rose in June," &o.; Published by special arrangement with the author. | All rights reserved.] Chapter XXII. The evening pasBed, however, withoub any further revelations. Miss Bethune explained to the young man, with all the lucidity of a man of business, the situation and require ments of that "property in the North," which would give returns, she believed, of various kinds not always calculated in balance- sheets if it was looked after by a man who would deal with it "as if it were his own." The return would be something in money and rents, but much more in human comfort and happiness. She had never had the courage to tackle that problem, she said, and the place had been terrible to her, full of associations which would be thought of no more if he were there. ■ The result was that young Gordon went away thoughtful, some what touched by the feeling with which Miss Bethune had spoken of her poor crofters, somewhat roused by the thought of "the north," that vague and unknown country which was the country of his fathers, the land of brown heath and shaggy wood, the country of Scott, which is, after all, distinction enough for any well-conditioned stranger. Should he try that strange new opening of life suddenly put before him 2 The unknown of itself has a charm— . " If the pass were dangerous known, The danger's self were lure alone." He went back to the hotel with at least a new project fully occupying all his thoughts. On the next evening, in the dusk of the sum mer night, Miss Bethune was in her bed chamber alone. She had no light, though she was a lover of the light and had drawn up the blinds as soon as the young physician who prescribed a darkened room had disappeared. She had a habit of watching out the last de parting rays of light and loved to' sit in the gloaming, as she called it, reposing from all the cares of the day in that meditative moment. It was a bad sign of Miss Bethune's state of mind when she called early for her lamp. She was seated thus in the dark, when young Gor don came in audibly to the sitting-room, introduced by Gilchrist, who told him her mistress would be with him directly, but, knowing Miss Bethune would hear what she said, did not come to call her.'\The lamps were lighted in that room and showed a little out line of light through the clinks of the door. She smiled to herself in the dark, with a beatitude that ought to have lighted up-the darkness, as she listened to the big movements of the young man in the lighted room next door. He had seated himself under Gilchrist's ministrations, but when she went away he got jviip and moved about, looking, as Miss Bethune divined, at the pictures on the walls and the books and little silver toys on the tables.' He made more noise, she thought to herself proudly, than a woman does; filled the space more, seemed to occupy and fill out every thing. Her countenance and her heart ex panded in the dark. She would have liked to peep at him through the crevice of light round the door, or even the keyhole, to see him when he did not know she was looking; to read the secrets of his heart in his face._ There were none there, Bhe said to herself, with an effusion of happiness whioh brought the tears to her eye3 ; none there which a mother should be afraid to discover. The luxury of sitting there holding her breath, hearing him move, know ing him so near, wa3 so sweet and so great that she sat, too blessed to move, taking all the good out of that happy moment before it should fleet away. Suddenly, however, there came a dead silence. Had he sat down again? Had be gone out on the balcony ? What had become of him 2 She sat breathless, wondering, listen ing for the next sound. Surely he had stepped outside the window to look out upon the Bloomsbury-street and the waving of the trees in the square and the stars shining overhead. Not a sound—yet, yes, there was something. What was it 2 A faint, stealthy rustling, not to be called a sound at ail, rather some stealthy movement to annihilate sound—the strangest contrast to the light firm step that had come into the room and the free movements which she had felt to be bigger than a woman's. Miss Bethune in the dark held her breath; fear seized possession of her, she knew not what; her heart sank she knew not why. Oh, his father—his father was not a good man ! The rustling continued, very faint; it might have been a small animal rubbing against the door. She sat bolt upright in her chair, motionless, silent as a waxen image, listening. If perhaps, after all, it should be only one of the little girls, or even the cat rubbing against the wall idly on the way downstairs. A troubled smile came over' her face, her heart gave a throb of relief. But then the sound changed and Miss Bethune's face again grew rigid, her heart stood still. Some one waB trying very cautiously, without noise, to open the door; to turn the handle without making any sound required some time; it creaked a little and then there was silence guilty silence, the pause of stealth alarmed by the faintest noiBe, then it began again. Slowly, slowly, the handle turned round, the door opened, a hair's breath at a time. O Lord above! his father—his father was an ill man. There was someone with her in the room someone unseen, as she was swallowed up in the darkness, veiled by the curtains at the windows, whioh showed faintly a pale streak of sky only, letting in no light. Unseen, but not inaudible—a hurried fluttering breath be traying him, and that faint sound of cautious, uneasy movement, now and then instantly, guiltily Bilenced, and'then resumed; She could feel the stealthy step thrill the flooring, making a jar, which was followed by one of those com-' Elete: silences in', which, the intruder too held is breath, then another stealthy step. ' A -thousand thoughts, a very avalanche, precipitated themselves through her mind. A man did'not) Btealjntoa dark^oomlikaJihati. if he were doing it for the first time. And his words last night. "How do you know even that I am honest !" And then his father—his father—oh, God help him. God forgive him ! —that wa3 an ill man ! And his upbringing in a country where lies were common, with a guardian that did him no justice and the woman that out him o5. And not to know that he had a creature belonging to him in the world to be made glad or sorry whatever hap pened ! Oh, God forgive him, God help him ! the unfortunate, the miserable boy ! "Mine all the same—mine all the same!" her heart said, bleeding, oh, that was no metaphor ! bleeding with the anguish, the awful, immeasurable blow. • If there was any light at all in the room it was a faint greyness, just showing in the midst of the dark the vague form of a little table against the wall aud a box in a brown cover—a box—no, no, the shape of a box, but only something standing there, something, the accursed thing for which life and love were to be wrecked once more. Oh, his father his father ! But his father would not have done that. Yet it was honester to take the_ trinkets, the miserable stones that would bring in money, than to wring a woman's heart. And what did the boy know ? He had never been taughb, never had any example. God help him—God forgive him 1 and mine—mine all the time ! Then out of the complete darkness came into that faint grey where the box was an arm —a band. It touched, not calculating the distance, the solid substance with a faint jar and retired | like "a ghost, while she sat rigid, looking on ; then more cautiously, more slowly still, it stole forth again and grasped the box. Miss Bethune had settled nothing what to do, she had thought of nothing but the misery of it; she had intended, so far as she had any intention, to watch while the tragedy was played out—the dreadful act accomplished. But she was a. woman of sudden impulses, moved by flashes of resolution almost inde pendent of her wilL • Suddenly, "more ghostlike still than the arm of the thief, she made'a sudden movement for ward and pub her hand upon his. Her grasp seemed to crush through the quivering, clammy fingers and she felt under her own the leap of the pulses, bub the criminal was pre pared for every emergency and uttered no cry. She felt the. quick, noiseless change of attitude, and then the free arm swing to strike her—heaven and earth 1 , to strike her, a woman twice his age, to strike her, his friend, his— She was a strong woman, in the fulness oE health and courage. ' As quick as lightning she seized the arm as it descended and held him as in a grip of iron. Was it guilt that made him like a child in her hold ? He had a stick in his hand, shortened, with a heavy head, ready to deal a blow. Oh, the coward, the wretched coward 1 She held him panting for a moment, unable to say a word, and then she called out with a voice that was no voice, but a kind of misery, for "Gilchrist, Gilchrist!" Gilchrist, who was never far off, who always had her ear open for her mistress, heard and came flying from up or down stairs with her candle, and some one else heard it who was standing pensive on the balcony, looking out and wondering what fate had now in store for him, and mingling his thoughts with the waving of the trees and the nameless noises of the street. Which of them arrived first wa3 never known, he from the other room throw ing wide the door of communication or she from the' stairs with the impish, malicious light of that candle throwing in its sudden illumination as with a pleasure iu the deed. • The spectators were startled beyond measure to see the lady in apparent conflict with a man, but they had no time to make any remarks. The moment the light flashed upon her Miss Bethune gave a great cry. "It's you, ye vermin !" she cried, flinging the furtive creature in her grasp from her against the wall and half stunned him for the moment. And then she stood for a moment, ner head bent back, her face without a trace of color, confronting the eager figure in the doorway, surrounded by the glow of the light, flying forward to help her. "O God, forgive me!" she cried, "God, forgive me, for 1 am an ill woman, but I will never forgive myself !" The man who lay against the wall, having dropped there on the floor with the vehemence of her action, perhaps exaggerating the force that had been used against him, to excite pity —for Gilchrist, no mean opponent, held one door, and that unexpected dreadful apparition of the young man out of the lighted room bearing down upon him, filled the other— was Alfred Hesketh, white, miserable, and cowardly, huddled up in a wretched heap, with furtive eyes gleaming and the heavy headed stick furtiveiy grasped, still ready to deal an unexpected blow, had he the oppor tunity, though he was at the same time rub bing the wrist that held it,, as if in pain. | Young Gordon had made a hurried step towards him, when Miss Bethune put out her hand. She had dropped into a chair, where she sat "panting for breath. " Wait," she said, " wait till I can speak." "You brute!" oried Harry, "how dare you come in here? What have you. done to frighten the lady 2" He was interrupted by a strange chnckleof a laugh from Miss Bethune's panting throat. "Ib's rather me, I'm thinking, that's frightened him," she said. "Ye wretched vermin of a creature, how long did ye know ? What told ye in your meeserable minckthaB there was something here to steal? And ye would have struck me—me that am dealing out to ye your daily bread ! No, my dear, you're nob to touch him; don't lay a finger on him. The Lord be thanked—though God forgive me for thanking Hint for the wickedness of any man!" How enigmatical .this all was to Harry Gordon and how little he 'could imagine any clue to the mystery it is needless to eay. ..Gil christ herself thought her mistress was tem porarily out of her mind. She was quioker, however, to realise what had happened than the. young man, who did. not think of the jewels nor remember anything about them. Gilchrist looked with anxiety at her lady's white face and gleaming eyes. " Take her into the parlor, Master Harry," she said, "she's .just done out, and I'll send for the. police." " You'll do nothing of the kind, Gilchrist," said Miss' Bethune. " Geb up, ye creature. You're not worth either man or woman's while; you have no more fusion than a cat; Geb up and be gone, ye poor, weak, wretched, cowardly vermiD, for thab's what ye are. and I thank the Lord with all my heart that it w as only you! Gilchrist, stand away from ;che door and let the creature go." He rose, dragging himself up by degrees, with a furtive look at Gordon, who indeed looked a still less easy opponent than Miss Bethune. " I take that gentleman to witness," he said, "as there's no evidence against me bnt just a lady's fancy, and I've been treated very bad, and my wrist broken for aught I know, and bruised all over, and I " Miss Bethune stamped her foot on the floor. " Begone, ye bom liar and robber !" she Baid. " Gilohrisb will see ye ofl the premises ; and mind you never come within my sight again. Now, Mr. Harry, as she calls ye, I'll go into the parlor, as she says; and the Lord that only knows the wickedness that has been in my mind, forgive me this night! And it would be a comfort to my -heart, my bonnie man, if you say Amen." " Amen with all my heart," said the young man, with a smile, "but so far as I can make out, wickedness is to be far too good and for giving. What did the fellow do ? I confess I should nob like to be called a vermin, as you called him freely, but if he came with intent to steal he should have been handed over to the police, indeed he should." "I am more worthy of the police thauhimif ye but knew, but heaven be praised you'll never know, I mind now, he came with a message when" I was playing ' with these, wretched diamonds like an old fool, and he musb have seen or scented them with the creeminal instinct Dr. Roland speaks about." She drew a long breath, for she had nob yet recovered from the panting of excitement, and then told her story, the rustling without, the i opening of the door, the hand' extended to the box. When she had told all this with mucKi vividness, Miss ' Bethune s'uddenly stopped, drew another long breath, and dropped back upon the sofa where she was sitting. It was not her way ; the lights had been dazzling, and confusing her ever since they blazed upon her by tha opening of the two doors and the over whelming horror and blessed but tremendous revulsion of feeling which had passed in succes sion over her bad been more than her sbr/engbh, already undermined by excitement, could bear. Her breath, her consciousness, her life, seemed to ebb away in a moment, leaving only a pale shadow of fier fallen back upon the cushions. Once more Harry wa3 the master of the situation. He had seen a woman faint before, which was almost more than Gilchrist with all her experience had done, and he had the usual remedies at his fingers' ends.' But this was nob like the usual easy faints over in a minute to whioh young Gordon had been accustomed, and Dr. Roland had to be summoned from below and a thrill of alarm had run through the house, Mrs. Simeox herself coming up from the kitchen with strong salts and feathers to burn before Miss Bethune came bo herself. The house was frighbened and so at last was the experienced Harry; but Dr. Roland's interest and exoitemenb may be said to have been pleasurable. "'I have always thought this was what was likely. I've been prepared for it," he said to himself as he hovered round the sofa. It would be wrong to suppose that he lengthened, or at least did nothing to shorten this faint for his own base purposes, that he might the better make out certain signs whioh he thought he had recognised. But the fact was that nob only Dora had come from abovesbairs bnb even Mr. Mannering had dragged himself down on the alarm that Miss Bethune was dead or "dying, and ■ that, the whole household had gathered in her room or on the landing outside while she lay in com.-! plicity (or not) with the doctor in thab long! continued swoon which the spectators after wards said lasted an hour or two, or even ,tiireelLour^^ootding^tojheirttemperam6iijti3«, When she came to herself at last the scene# upon which she opened her eyes was one§ which helped her recovery greatly by filling;' her with wrath and indignation. She lay in£ •the middle of her room, in a strong draught,-: the night air blowing from window to window! across her, the lamp even under its shade,j much more the candles on the mantelpiece,j blown about and throwing a wavering glared, upon the agitated group, Gilchrist in the fore-, ground with her apron at her eyes, .and; behind her Gora, red with restrained emotions,; and Janie and Molly crying freely, while}, Mrs. Simcox brandished a bunch of fuming-' feathers, and Mr. Mannering peered over th&£ landlady's head with his ''pince- nez", in-! secnrelv balanced on his nose, and his legs! trembling under him in a harmony of nnsteadi-! ne'ss but anxiety. . i Miss Bethune's wrist was in the grasp of- th&i; doctor and Harry Btood behind with .a fan,. which in the strong wind blowing across hers from window to window struck the patient-as ^ ludicrously unnecessary. " What is all this* fuss about?' she cried, trying to raise herEslq There's no fuss, my dear lady," said:tb&; doctor; " bub you mu3t keep perfectly pmeb. • • '.'Oh, you're there, Br. Roland. 1 heu there's one sane person. But for goodness sake make Mr. Mannering sit down and send;, all these idiots away. What's the matter.; with, me, that I've to get my death of cold, i and be murdered with that atvful smell, .and. i even Harry Gordon behaving like^ a fool^-j | making an air with a fan when there'& a gate; blowing? Go away, go away." . . "You see that our friend has come to her^j self," said the doctor. " Shut the window^ somebody, the other will be enough; and, myt dear woman, for the sake of all that's goodys take those horrid feathers away." . ' .t • " I am murdered with the smell-1" cried Miss-; Bethune, planing her hands over her ^face.,.) "But make Mr. Mannering sit down, he's not.] fib to stand after his illness; and Harry, boy^| sit down too and don't drive mer-outof myi senses. Go away, go all away !" _ j The last to be got rid of wa3.Br. _KolandJ| who assured everybody that the patient was;! now quite well, bub languid. " You want to get", rid of me too, I know," he-said, "and I'm,} geiag; but I should like to'eee you in bed-j first." . , , ! "You shall not see me^m bedy.Ttor no othec-. man," said Miss Bethune. "Twill go to bed.,} when I am disposed, doctor.. Bin- nob your# patient, mind, at all events now." J "You were half an hour eince^-out Xmno^ going to pretend to any authori&y;^said doctor. "I hope I know better. BontW agitate yourself anymore, if you'll beguidea\| by me. You have been ^ screwing up that?} heart of. yours far too tight." ^ . iTV i " How do you know," she said^ thatl have! eot a heart at all?" . j "Probably notfrom-the sentimental pointe! of view," he replied, with a little .fling. of ; sarcasm; "bub I know you couldn t live with—} out the physical organ and it's overstrained. / Good-night, since I see you want to get rid oF me. But I'll be handy downstairs and mind; you come for me, Gilchrist, on. the moment-if \ she should show any signs again." , This was said to Gilchrist--in ;-an undertone A as the doctor went away. ' _ , ' j Miss Bethune sat up on her-sofa,' still veuy^ pale, still with a singing, in her,eara and the^s glitter of fever in her 6yes. "'You are nob-to*? go away, Harry," she said. " I have some--) thing to tell you before you go;'" ,1 " Ob, mem," cried Gilchrist,- for auysakoi not to-night." T : "Goaway and bide away till 1 senator, you," oried the mistress. " And, Harry, sifc| you down here by me. I am going to tell you?) a story. This night has taught me manyj things. I might di6, or I might be murdered, for the sake of a few gewgaws that are nothing? to me and go down to my grave with a burdens, on my heart. X want to spealc bsfo*© X die. ^ J "Not to-night," he cried. ' You are in?j no danger. I'll sleep here on the sofa by way, of guard, and to-morrow you will send them to vour bankers. Bomb tire yourself any xuoro-J t0"^ou are like all the rest and understand^ nothing about it," she cried impatiently. 1W is iust precisely now that I will speak and ncvj other time. Harry, lam going to tell you a,} storv. It is like most women's stories—about*' a voun'g creature that was beguiled and loved* a man. He was a man that had a fine .outside '-, and looked as good as he was bourne, or at*} ieast thi3 unfortunate thing thought so;. He* . had nothing and she had nothing. But sna& was the last of her family and would coma., into a gool fortune if she pleased her.uncle thatei was the bead of the name. Bub the uncle--) could nob abide this man. Are you liatenmg j to me? Mind, it is a story, but nob an idle; story, and every word tells. Well, she wa»j sent away to a lonely country place, an oiOj house with two old servants in 16 to keep her free of the man. But ,the man followed ; a.nc~ in that solitude who was to hinder them seeing] each other? They did for a while every day. . And then the two married each other, as two' can do in Scotland that make up their 1 mind to risk it, and were living together m| secret in the depths of the Highlands, as I told you nobody knowing but the oldservantsj that had been, far fonder of her father uhan of j the uncle that was head of the house, and were} faithful to her in life and death. And.then} there came terrible news that the master was j coming back. That poor young woman—ob,. she was a fool and I do not defend her had just been delivered in secret, in trouble and misery—for Bhe dared not seek help or nursing but what she got at home—of a bonnie. bairn > —she pub out her hand and grasped, him by; the arm-a boy, a darling, .thouga she had;] him but for two days. Think if .yf* ,cf" what that was. The master coming that had, • so to speak, the power of life and death in his hands, and the young subdued girl that be had put there to be in safety, the mother of ar son." Mise Bethune drew a long breath.. ohe silenced the remonstrance of the lips of her hearer by a gesture and went on— " , "Hi was the man, her husband, that she j thous'ht loved her, that brought the news. He 1 said everything was lost if it should be known., He 'bid .her to be brave and put a good face] upon it for his sake and the boy s.. Keep her • fortune and cling to her inheritance fie must, ; whatever happened, for their sake. And while ; she was dazed in her weakness and could not. tell what to think, he took the baby out of her > .'arms and carried him away. ■ "Harry Gordon, that's five-and-twenty - years ago, and man or bairn I have never seem] since though I did that for them. I dreed; my weird for ten long years-ten years oEj mortal trouble—and never said a word and, nobody knew. Then my uncle died, and the< monev, the terrible money, bought with my, life's blood, became mine. And I looked tor him then to come baok. But he. never cama back nor word nor sigD of him. And my son. —the father, I had discovered what he was, G wanted never to hear his name again—but my son—Harry Gordon, that a you. Theymay-, say what they will, but I knowbetter. ^ 9-i should know if not the mother that bore you ? My heart went out to you when I saw you first v and yours to me. You'll not tell me that your^ heart did not speak for your mother. It is ^^d^Ttaggered^to his feet, pale, . trembling, and awestrioken; The sight of her*, emotion, the pity of her story,.the revolt andU rSistanoe in his own heart were too much for* Mm. "I!" he cried. 