n-HE EEV- JOHN MCNEILL'S FORTH in COMING MISSION. irgE meeting of ministers and office hearers of the various Churches, held on Monday last, to arrange for the mission ^ be held next month by the Eev. John McNeill, was in itself an( augury (good. lly 160 representatives of ?i „ Tivaneel. 1 Churches in Sydney and guburbB were esent ; and the proceed ing were of a most hearty and brotherly character throughout. A large repre 6enrative committee was appointed to organise the movement ; the mission is to be conducted on broad, unsectarian lines ; and there was a spirit of expect ancy ''fld earnestness characterising the meeting which led it to spend halfan jj0Ur before parting in united supplica tion for a Divine blessing to rest upon tbe city and colony in connection with the mission about to be held. If the ]]0wn Hall can be secured, the meetings ffill be held in that spacious building ; j,at if this cannot be, the committee will probably arrange for the use of the Ex hibition Building to accommodate the crowds who are sure to be drawn to hear the famous missioner. In Mel bourne no hall could be found large enough to hold the eager and expectant multitudes who desired to hang upon tie preacher's words. At the close of Mr. McNeill's mission there, an unique jpectacle was witnessed. In the pre jenoe of a densely crowded audience, the Mayor of Melbourne came on the platform, and in a few happy sentences declared that the whole city was in debted to Mr. McNeill for his services, and called upon the entire audience to stand up and declare by acclamation their sense of gratitude. ' This was the Bignal for a very remarkable demonstra tion. Everybody in the Hall leaped up and broke out into cheering ; handker chiefs, hats, and umbrellas were waved ; many shouted ' Hurrah' in tones that would have done credit to a football match, and it was a long time before the tempest of enthusiasm exhausted itself.' i Us Southern Gross, which thus de ll antes the scene, has reproduced many i ofllr. McNeill's most stirring addresses i mi sermons in its columns, and in esti ' nating the sources of the evangelist's power and success in drawing and sway ing the multitudes, our contemporary says: ' Mr. McNeill has a special mes sage. He stands forward, overrunning with vitality, the very figure of exultant strength ; and the secret of his own strength he is able to teach to others. HiB courage flows from a Divine spring. His strength has its root in God. He breathes the spirit of an absolute loyalty 1o God. His courage, his childlike directness of faith, his exultant sense of the uivine Fatherhood, his conscious ness of Christ as a living Presence and of the Holy Ghost as an indwelling and supernatural Life : all these are con tagious, and they are just the elements 'which, alas ! are missing in the multi tudes who want to be Christians, and who in a sense are Christians, but whose religion somehow lacks exactly these ?qualities. Multitudes, we are sure, Save found in Mr. McNeill's teaching and influence a new inspiration for life.' The visit of such a man as this to Aus tralia at the present time is providential m its opportuneness, and we anticipate results of the most widespread and gracious character from his mission to Sydney. At the same time, we think it would be a mistake to confine the ser vices of the great evangelist to the Metropolis. Such Centres as Newcastle, Bathurst, and Goulburri, ought to share to the blessing, if at all possible. Mr. JacNeill's stay is unfortunately very limited, but we hope that Sydney will Jot monopolise the whole of his time here. Newcastle is specially well situ ated as a centre foe commanding a great audience ; and we trust that the claims ?or that city «vill be well weighed by the committee in arranging the campaign. Meanwhile, let there be mu'ch ' instant fj earnest' prayer for an overflowing essing to accompany the visit of the onoured man of God so soon to arrive. 