'TH1HOBOE OF STUDLET eiAisi, A DOCTOR'S STORY. 1 was in my cos suiting-room ono morning, nnd had just said good-byo to the last of my patients, when my servant came iu and told ino that a lady had oallc-d who pressed vary earnestly for an interview with me. “ltold her that you were just going out, sir,” eaM the man, “ nnd she b&w; the carriage at tho poor ; but -she begged to see you, if only for two minutes. This is her card.” I read the words, “ Lady Studley.” “ Show her in,” I said hastily, and the next momenta tall, slightly-made,fair- haired girl entered tho room. Sho looked very yonng, scarcely more than twenty, and I could hardly believe that she was, wbat her card indicated, a married woman. Tho color rushod into her cheeks as sho held out her hand to me. I motioned her to a chair, and then uskod her what I could do “ Oh, you can help mo,” she said, clasping her hands and speaking in a slightly theatrical manner. “3ty husband, Sir Henry Studley, is very unwoll, and I want you to como to see him—can you?—will you “ With pleasure,” I replied. ‘ ‘ iVhcre do you live ?” “ At Studley Grange, in Wiltshire. Don’t yon know our placo “ I daresay I ought to know it,” I replied, “ although nt tho present moment I can’t recall tho name. You want mo to come to see your husband. I presume you wish me to have a consultation with his medical at tendant f" “ No, no, not at all. Tho fact is, Sir Henry has not got a modzealattendant. He dislikes dootors, and won’t see ono. I want you to como and stav with us for a woolr or so. I have heard of you through mutual friends— the Ouslows. I know you ood effect remark able oures, and you have a great deal of tact. But you ORU’t possibly- do anything for my lAUQuatm uuiuss you are to Suly in (lie house and to notice his symptoms.” Lady Studley spoke with great emphasis and earnestness. Her long, slender hands were clasped tightly together. She had drawn off her gloves, and was bending forward in hor ohair. Her big, childish and somewhat restless blue eyes wore fixed im ploringly on tny face. 1 ‘ I lovo my husband,” she said, tears sud denly filling thr-ni—“and it- is dreadful, dreadful, to Sco him suffer as he does. Ho will die unless somoono comes to his aid. Oh, I know I am asking on Immense thing, when 1 beu of yon to leave all your patients and como to tho country. But we can pay. Money is no object whatover to us. We can, we will, gladly pay you for your ser “I must think the matter over,” I said. “ You Hatter ino by wishing for me, and by believing that I can render you assistance, but I cannot tako a etep of this kind in a hurry. I will write to you by to-night’s po3t if you will give mo your address. In the meantima, kindly toll me some of the symptoms of Sir Honry’s malady." “I fear it is a malady of the mind," she answered immediately, “ but it is of so vivid and so startling a character, that unless relief is soon obtained, the body must give way under the strain. You sco that I am very young, Dr Halifax. Perhaps I look younger than I am—my age is twenty-two. ’Iy husband is twenty years my sonior. Ho would, however, be considered by moat people still a young man. Ho is a great scholar, and has always had more or less tho habits of a reoluso. Ho is fond of living in hie library, and likes nothing better than to bo surrounded by books (ef all sorts. Every modern book worth reading is ^forwarded to him by its publisher. He is a very interest ing mau and a brilliant conversationalist. Perhaps I ought to put all this iD tho past tense, for now lie scarcely ever speakB—ho reads next to nothing—it is difficult to per suade him to eat—he will Dot leave the houBe —he used to have a rather ruddy complexion -—ho is now deadly pale and terribly ema ciated. He sighs in the most heartrending manner, and eoems to be in a state of ex treme nervous tension. In short, he is very ill, and yet ho Eecins to have no bodily diseaeo._ His eyes have a terribly startled expression in them—his hand trem bles so that bo can scarcely raise a cup of tea io his lips. In short, he looks liko a man who has seen a ghost.” “ When dtd those symptoms begin to ap pear l" I asted. “It is mid winter now,” said Lady Studley. “ Tho queer symptoms began to show themselves in my husband in October. They have been growing worse and worse. In short, 1 can stand them no longer," she continued, giving way to a short, hysterical sob. “ I felt I must come to someone—I havo heard of you. Do, do como and snvo us. Do como and find out what is the matter with my wretched husband.” “ I will write to you to-night,” Isaid, in as kind a voice as I could muster, for the pretty anxious wifo interested mo already. “ It may not be possible forrao lo stay at Studley Grange for a week, bat in any case I can pro mise to como nnd see the patient. One visit will probably be sufficient—what your hus band wants is, no doubt, complete ohango.” “ Oh, yes, yes,” she replied, standing up now. “ I have said so scoreB of times, bur Sir Henry won't stir from Studley—nothing will induce him to go nway. Ho won’t evon leave his own special bedroom, although I expect ho has dreadful nights." Two hcctio spots burnt in her cheeks as she spoke. I looked at her attentively. “ You will forgive mo for speaking," Isaid, “ but you do not look at all well yourself. 1 should liko to prescribe for vou as well as your husband.” “ Thank you,” she answered, “ lam not verv strong. I never have been, but that is nothing—1 mean that my health is not a thing of consequence at present. Well, I must not tako up any more of your time. I shall expect to get a letter from you to morrow morning. Please addross it to Lady Studley, Crosvenor Hotel, Victoria.” She touched my hand with fingers that burnt like a living coal and left the room. I thought her vory ill, and was sure that if A could see ray way to Bponding a week at Studley Grange, 1 should havo two patients instead of one. It is always difficult for a busy doctor to leave home, but after carefully thinking matters over, I resolved to comply with Lady Studley’s request. Accordiualy, two days later saw mo on my way to Wiltshiro and to Studley Grange. A brougham with two smart horses was waiting at the station. To my surprise I saw that Lad}- Studley had como herself to fetch mo. “ I don’t know how to thank you,” she said, giving mo a feverish clasp of hor hand. "Your visit fills mo with hope—I believe that you will discover what is really wrong. Home !” she said, giving a quick, imperious diraotion to tho footmau who appeared at tho window of tho carriage. We bowled forward at a rapid pace, and sho coniiuuod: — “ I came to meet you to-day to tell you fiat I have used a little guile with regard to your visit. I havo not told Sir Henry that you are coming here in tho capacity of a Here she nausc-d and gave me one of her restless glances. “ Do you mind ?” sho asked. “ What havo you said about me to Sir Henry ?” I inquired. “ That yon aro a great friend of the Onslows, and that I have asked you here for » week’s change,’’ she answered immediately. “ As a guest, my husband will bo polite and delightful to you—ns a doctor, ho would treat you with scant civility, and would probably give you little or none of Ilia confidence.” I was quite eilont far a moment after Lady Studley had told mo this. Then I said :— * “ Had I known that I was not to come to your house in the capacity of a medical man, J might havo re-considc-red my earnest desire fo help you." She turned very pale when I said this, and tears filled her eyes." " Never mind," I said now, for I could not it J be touched but by her extremely patbetis . • and suffering face, by the loot of great illness which was manifested in every glance. “ Never mind now ; lam glad you ' have told me exactly the terras on which you wish me to approach your husband ; but I ' think that I can so put matters to Sir Bonry ' that ho will bo glad to consult me in my medical capacity.” “ Oh, but ho docs not even know that X suspect his illness. It would never do for him to know. I suspect ! 1 see ! I fear! hut 1 say nothing. Sir Henry would ho much more miserable! than ho is now, if ho thought thatl guessed that there is anything wrong with him.” “ It is impossible for mo to come to the Grango oxcopt as a medical mnu,” I an swered firmly. “ 1 will tell Sir Henry that you ha ro seen somo changes in him, and have asked me to visit him as a doctor. Please trust mo. Nothing will bo Eaid to your husband that can malte mafctors at all uncomfortable! for you.” Lady Stanley did not venture any further remonstrance, and wo now approached the old Grango. It was an irregular pile, built evidently according to the wants of the dif ferent families who had lived in it. Tho building was long and rambling, with rows l of windows filled up with panes of latlies glass. In front of tho house wa3 a swooping lawn, which, oven at this i time of the year, presented a vol vety and well-kept appearanco. We drove rapidly round to the entrance door, and a moment later I found myself in tho presouco of my host and patient. Sir Henry Studlcy was a tall man with a very slight stoop, and i an aquilino noso and rather noblo faoo. His eyes were dark, and his forehead inclined to I bo bald. There was a courtly, old-world sort of look about him. He gTeoted mo with ex treme friendliness, and we went into tho j hall, a very largo and lofty nparlmout, to | Lady Studioy was vivacious and livoly iu tho extreme. While she talked tho heotio spots came out again on her cheeks. My un eaBinoss about her increased aB I noticed theBe symptoms. I felt certain that she was not only consumptive, hut in all probability she was ovon now tho victim of an ndvancod stage of phthisis. I felt far more anxious about her thau about hor husbanA who an posred to mo at that moment to be nothing mor<5 thaU ft somewhat nervous and hypochon driacal person. This state of things seemed easy to account for in a scholar and a man of sodentary habits. I remarked about tho ago of the house, and my host beeamo interested, and told me ono or two stories of tho old inhabitants of tho Grango. He said that to- morrow ho would have much pleasure in taking me over the building, “ Have you a ghost hero 1” I asked, with a I don’t know what prompted mo to ask tho question. Tho moment I did so Sir Henry turned white to his lips, and Lady Studioy held up a warning finger to me to intimate that I was on dangerons ground. I folt that I was, and hastened to divert the conversa tion into safer channels. Inadvertently I had touched on a core spot. I Eoarcoly regretted having done so, as the flash in tho baronet’s troubled eyes, and the extreme agitation of his faoe, Bhowod mo plainly that Lady Studioy was right when she spoke of his nerves being in a very irritable con dition. Of coarse, I did not believe in ghosts, and wondered that a man of Sir Henry’s calibre conld bo at all under tho in fluence of this old-world fear. “ I am sorry that we have no ono to moot you,” he said, after a fow remarks of a com mcnplaco character hod divided us from tho ghost question. ‘‘But to- morrow several friends are coming, and we hopo you will have a pleasant timo. Are you fond of hunt ing? ” I answered that 1 used to be in the old days, before medicine and patients occupiod all my thoughts. “ If this open weather continues, I can probably give you some of your favorite pas time, " rojoinod Sir Henry ; “and r.ow per haps you would like to be shown to your hly bedroom was in a modern wing of the honse, and looked aB oheerful and as unghost Iiko &b; it was possible for a room to be. I did I not rejoin my host and hostess until dinner time. Wo had a sociablo little taoal, at which nothing of any importance occurred, and shortly after the servants withdrew, Lady Stndloy left Sir Henry and mo to ourselves. She gave mo another warning glanco ns Bhe loft tho room. I had already quite made up my mind, kowover, to toll Sir Henry the motive of my visit. The moment tho door dosed behind his wife, ho started up and asked mo if I would mind coming with him into his library. “ The fact is,” he said, “ I am parti cularly glad you havo como down. I want to havo a talk with you about my wife. She ie extremely unwell.” I signified my willingness to listen to any thing Sir Henry might say, and in a few minuteB we found ourselves comfortably established in a splendid old room, completely clothed with hooks from ceiling to floor. “ These are my treasures,’’said the baronet, waving his hand in the direction of an old bookcase, whioh oontained, I saw at a glance, some very rare and precious first editions. ‘ * These aro my friends, tho companions of my hours of solitude. Now sit down, Dr Halifax ; mako yourself athomo. Yon have como here as a guest, but I have heard of you bolero, and am inclined to oonfido in you. I must frankly say that I hato your profession as a rule. I don't beliovo in the omniscience of medical men, but moments come in the lives of all men when it is necessary to unburden tho mind to anothor. May I give you my eonfideuco 5" “Ono moment first,” Isaid. “I can’t deceive you, Sir Henry. I havo come here, not in the capacity of a guest, but as your wife’s medical man. She has been anxious about you, and she begged of me to come and Btay here for a fow days in order to render you any medical assistance within my power. I only know, on my way here to-day, that sho had not acquainted you with the naturo of my visit." While I was Epeaking, Sir Henry’s faoe became extremely watchful, eager and “This is remarkable," he said. “So Lucilia iB anxious about me P I was not aware that I ever gave her the least clue to the fact that I am not -in porfeot health. This is very strange—it troubles me.” He looked agitated. Ho placed one long, thin hand on the little table which stood near, and ponringouta glass of wine, drank it off. I noticed as ho did so the nervous trembling of his hand. I glanced at his face, and saw that it was thin to emaciation. “ Well,” he said, “I am obliged to you for being perfectly frank with me. 5Iy wife scarcely did well to conceal the object of your visit. But now that you have como, I shall make uso of you both for myself and for “ Then you are not woll? " I asked. “Well!” ho answered, with almost a shout. “Good God, no! I think 1 am going mnd. I know—I know that unless relief soon comes I shall die or beoomo a ra ving maniac.” “No, nothing of tho kind,” I answered, soothingly ; “you probably want change. This is a fine old house; but dull, no doubt in winter. Why don’t you go away ?_to the Eiviera, or some other place where there is plenty of sunshine ? Why do you stay here ? The air of this place is too damp to ho good for either you or your wife. Sir Henry sat silent for a moment, then ho said, in a terse voico :— “Perhapsyou will advise me what to do after you know the nature of the malady whioh aflliots mo. First of all, however, I wish to speak of my wife.” “ 1 am ready to listen,” I replied. “You see,” ho continued, “that she is very delicate ? ” “ Yes,” I replied; “ to be frank with you, I should say that Lady Studioy was con sumptive.’’ Ho started when I said this, and pressed his lips firmly together. After a moment he spoke. “ You are right,” he replied. “ I hod her | examined by a medical man—Sir Joseph Dunbar—when I was last in Loudon; he said her InngB were considerably affected, and that, in short, she wae far from wdl.” “ Did he not order yon to winter abroadJ” “Ho did, but Lady Studloy opposod the idea so BtrenuouBly that X was obliged to yield to her entreaties. Consumption doc-8 not seem to take quite the ordinary form with her. Gho is restless, slio longs for cool air, siio goos out on quite cold days, in a closed carriage, it is true. Still, except at night,she does not regard herself in any Benso as an invalid. She has immenso spirit—I think she will keep up until she dies.” “You Epeak of her being an invalid at night,” I replied. “What aro her syinp Sir Henry shuddered quite visibly. “Oh, those awful nights,” ho answered. “How happy would many poor mor tals be but for the terrible time of darkness. Lady Studloy had dreadful nights for some time ; porspirationB, cough, restlessness, bad dreams and all the rest of it. But I must hasten to tell yon my story quite briefly. In tho be ginning of Ootober we S3W Sir Josopli Dun bar. J should then, by his advice, havo taken Lady Studley to the Riviera, but she | opposed tho idea with such passion and dis ! tress, that I abandoned it,’’ Sir Honry paused hore, and I lookodat him attentively. I remembered at that | moment what Lady Studley had said about her husbaud refusing' to leave tho Grango under any eiroumstanccs. What a strango game of cross-purposes these two wore play ing. How was it possible for mo to got at the truth? “ At my wife’s oamost request," continued Sir Henry, “wc returned to tho Grango. She deolared her Arm intention of remaining horo until she died. “ Soon after our return she suggested that wo should occupy separate rooms at night, reminding me, when she made the request, of tho infectious nature of consumption. I complied with her wish on condition that I slopfc in tho room next hers,'and that on the smallest emergency I should bo sum moned to her aid. This arrangement was made, and her room opens into mino. X havo sometimes heard her moving shout at night—I have often heard her cough, and I have often heard her sigh. Bnt sho has Guco BBnt ror me, Or given lUo to understand that she required my aid. She does not think herself Tory ill, and nothing worries her more than to havo her malady spoken about. That is tho part of the story which relates to my wife.” “ She is very ill,” I said. “ But I will speak of that presently. Now, will you favor mo with an account of yonr own symptoms, Sir Honry i" He Btarted again when I said this, and going across the room, looked the door and put the key in his pocket. “ Terhaps you will laugh at me,” ho Eaid, “ hut it is no laughing matter, I assure you. Tho most terrible, the most awful affliction has come to me. In short, I am visited nightly by an appalling apparition. You don’t bclievein ghosts, I judge that by your face. Few scientific men do.” “Frankly, I do not,” I replied. “So called ghosts can generally be accounted for. At the most they are only the figments of an ovor-exoited or diseased brain.” “ Be that as it may,” said Sir Henry,“the disensed brain can give such torture to its victim that death is preferable. All my life I havo bpen what I consider a healthy-minded man. I havo plenty of money, and mwe never been troubled with the csros which tortnre men of commerce, or of small moanB. When I married, three years ago, I considered myself the most lucky and the bBpplest of mortals.” “ Forgive a personal question,’' I inter rupted. “ Has yonr marriage disappointed “ No, no ; for from it,” he replied with fervor. “ I love my dear wife better and more deeply even than the day when I took her as a brido to my arms. It is true that I am weighed down with sorrow about her, but that is entirely owing to tho state ol her health.” “ It is strange,” I said, “ that she should be weighed down with sorrow about you for the same oause. Havo you told her of the thing which terrifies you ?” “ Novor, never. 1 have never spoken of it to mortal. It is remarkable that,, my wifo should have told you that £ looked liko a j man who had Eeen a ghost. Alas ! alas ! Bnt let mo tell you the cause of my shattered nerves and failing health.” •Tray do, I shall listen attentively,” I ro “ Oh, doctor, that I could make you feel the horror of it!” said Sir Henry, bending forward and looking into my eyes. “Threo months ago 1 no moro believed in visitations, in apparitions, in so-called ghosts, than you do. Were you tried as lam, your soeptieism would receive a shock. Let me tell you what ocanrs. Night after night Lady Studloy and I retire to rest at the samo hour. We Bay good night, and lay our heads on onr separate pil lows. Tho door of communication botwoen ub is shut. She has a night light in her room— I prefer darkness. I close my eyes and pro- J paro for slumber. As a rulo I fall asleep. My sleep is of short duration. I awake with beads of perspiration standing on my fore head, with my heart thumping heavily and with overy nerve wide awake, and waiting for the horror whioh will j come. Sometimes I wait half an hour ] —sometimes longer. Then I know by a faint ticking Eound in the darkness that tho Thing, for I can clothe it with no name, is about to visit me. In a certain spot of the room always in the same spot, a bright light suddenly fiushcB ; out of its midst there gleams a preternaturally large eye, which looks fixedly at me with a diabolical expression. As time goes, it does not remain long; hut as agony counts,it seems to tako vears of my life away with it. It fades as suddenly into grey mist and nothingness as it comes, and, wet with perspiration, and struggling to keep hack screams of mad terror, I bury my head in tho ’)6d clothes.” “ But have you never tried to investigate this thing?"Isaid. “ I did at first. The first night 1 Baw it, I rushed out of bed and made for tho spot. It disappeared at once. I struok a light—there was nothing whatever in the room.” “ Why did you sleep in that room “ I must not go away from Lady Studloy. Xly terror is that sho should know anything of this—my greater terror is that the appa rition, failing me, may visit her. 1 daresay you think I’m a fool, Halifax; but the fact is, this thing is killing me, bravo man as I consider myself.” “ Do you see it every night ? ” I aBked. “ Not quite every night, but Bomotimes on the Bame night it comes twice. Sometimes it will not come at all for two nights, or even three. It is the most ghastly, the most hor rible form of torture that oould hurry a sano man into his grave or into a madhouso." “ 3 have not the least shadow of doubt,” I said, after a pause, “ that the thing can ho accounted for.” Sir Honry shook his head. “No, no,” ho replied, “it is either ns yon suggest, a figment of my own diseased brain, and therefore just as horrible as a real apparition ; or it is a supernatural visitation. Whether it exists or not, it is reality tome and in no way a dream. The full horror of it is present with mo in my waking moir.onts.” “ Do you think anyone is playing an awful practical joke ?” I suggested. “ Certainly not. What object can anyono have in soaring me to death r Besidos, there is no one in tho room, that I can swear. My outer door is looked, Lady Stndley’s outer dooris looked. Itis impossible that there can be any trickery in the matter." I eaid nothing for a moment. I no moro believed in ghosts than 1 ever did, hut I felt certain that there was grave misohief at work. Sir Henry must be the victim of a hallucina tion. This might only be caused by functional disturbance of the brain, but it was quite serious enough to call for immedi ate^ attention. The first thine to do was to find out whether the apparition could be accounted for in any material way, or if it were dnoto the state of Sir Hsnry’B nerves. I began to ask him certain questions, going fully into the case in all Us bearings. I then examined his eves with the ophthalmoscope. The result of this was to assure me beyond | doubt that Sir Henry Studley was in a highly nervous condition, although I could detect no trace of brain disease. “Do you mind taking me to your room ?” “Not to-nighthe nurwered. “It is late, and^ Lady Studley might express sur prise. The object oi my lifo is to conceal this horror from her. When Ehe is out to morrow you shall came to the room and judge foryourself.” “ Well,” I said, “ I shall have an interview with your wife to-morrow, and ursre her most strongly to consent to leave the Grange and go away with you.” Shortly afterwards we rotired to rest, or what went by the name of rest in that sad houso, with its troubled inmates. I must confess that, comfortable as my room was, I slept very little. Sir Henry’s story Btayed with mo all through the hours of darknoss. I am neither nervous nor imaginative, but I could not help seeing that terrible eye, oven in my dreams. • I mot my boat and hostoas at nn early breakfast. Sir Henry proposed that as tho day was warm and fine, I should ride-to a neighboring meet. I was not in the humor for this, howovor, and said frankly that I should profer remaining at the Grange. Ono glanoo into tho faccB of my host and hostess told mo only too plainly that I had two very sorious patients on my hands. Lady Studley looked terribly weak aud excited—the hcctio spots on her cheokB, the gleaming glitter of hor eyes, tho parched lips, tho long, white, emaciated hands, all showed only too plainly tho strides tho malady under which sho was suffering was making. “ After all, I cannot urge that poor girl to go abroad, ” I said to myself. ‘ ‘ She is hasten ing rapidly to her grave, and no power on earth can save her. She looks as if there were extensive disease of tho lungs. How restless her eyes are, too ! I would much rather testify to Sir Henry’s sanity than to Sir Henry Studlcy also bore traces of a sleepless night—his faco was bloodless ; he averted his eyes from rniuo ; ho ato next to nothing. (TO BE COX!JNOED.) 