Priuce Bismarck. Bis |¥ootiiB|. Mr. Hardy" tells : an anecdote relative to Oonnt Bismarck's courting whioh comes in <vprop(n as the veteran statesman is celebrating the eereinty- nintlranniversary of his birthday. Few couples, we are told, live in a more oompiete paradise cf congeniality than Prinoe Bismarck and his wife. And yet the great statesman began his wooing in a characteristic way'thkt might almost be desoribed as violent. He 'had once or twice met Friulein von Futtkammer; but he did not kuow ber parents even by sight when, in 1847, he made up his mind to marry her. He wrote a brief business-like letter to <the young lady's father and mother, demanding their daughter. As - bis reputation was not the best they hesitated ; but when Johanna, their daughter, intimated tbat she did not look upon the young gentleman- unfavourably it was decided that be should be invited to oome and see them. When the time oame for him to arrive the parents put on an air <of grave solemnity, and the young lady etood with her eyes modestly bent npon the ground. Bismarck rode up, and alighting, threw' his arms around his sweetheart's neck, and embraced her vigorously before any one had time to remonstrate. The result was a betrothaL Bismarck is fond of telling this tale, and he-generally finishes with the reflection—"She it is who-has made me what I am." No borne into which bores enter can be oalled a Paradise, and if it were for no other reason Princess Bismarck deservestheundying gratitude of her husband because of her success in keeping at a distance these enemieB of peaee. An Ambassador of one of the Great Powers called on Bismarck, and in the bourse of a rather- long conversation asked the Prince how he managed to get rid of troublesome visitors. "Oh, that is very simple," replied the Chanoellor, "when my wife thinks any one is staying- too long she merely sends for me, and thus the interview ends." -At that' very moment a servant entered; and, bowing low, begged his master to favour the Princess with his presence for a minutes. The Ambassador blushed, as muah us any diplomatist can blush, and at onoe withdrew as gracefully as possible in the trying circumstances. Ehe spoke of the rights of women In words that glowed and burned, She spoke of the worm downtrodden, And said that the worm had turned; She proved bf columns of 6«ores That, clever as man cculd be, He had not "a ghost of a show" With a woman who drinks Charlick's Tea- It is sold at Is. 3d., Is. 6d., and la 9d., and absolutely pure. Thousands now daily enjoy it. N137C 