CHATTER' VIII,. “ If l am bereaved, I am be reaved !” ' • ; Sir Humphrey Ducarrel sat with cadaverous,apathetic face in.the darkened: room. The blow struck by the giant bund bad .shattered him.. He, couId not rally—could hot struggle from the Valley of the Shadow, He bad received Nell kindly. He bad known for some time before she was David’s wife. He spoke spoke no word of the grief that bad stricken them alike, but be watched her continually with a great tenderness. Nell was immobile and calm. No weep ing, no vain moaning : ;she went about Ducarrel more like a ghost than a woman. Hester strove to unlock this fountain of her tears—that icy, statu esque, stony quiet alarmed her terribly—but all efforts were ’fruitless. High above Nell were grim bills of despair; they fastened her in as big walls ; Her soul seemed laden with heavy bands ; she was girt with sadness—a prisoner with a chafing chain; her own baud had fettered her. Sleep ing, waking, day aud.night, the acute, searching anguish burned her. :David had died away from her; she had for saken him, , to whom she ; liad vowed to cling for • better or for worse. He had done her no wrong, but she had struck him with .a bar of iron ; • had ruthlessly trampled on his joy; had condemned unsparingly. God whs just. He'alsOjintho fulness of time,had condem ned and not .spared ; the; day of reckoning had come. 1 In her contrition, she based herself; no punishment could beIdo heavy.— w. ■ A long line of carriages, and a sable hearse with nod ding, sombre plumes:. Nell heard the, hushed-trampling of horses? feet, the subdued mur mur of voices, as one in a hor rible dream. All night she had knelt by her husband’s coffin, imploring persistently for the touchiof King Death’s steel blade. Hester found her cramped and .chill, repeating’ vacently,- “ .Oh, th at 1 had.seen.. Min ! ’ .Touched.to.the.quick she echoed the expressed long ing—that David was so fear fully mutilated that they who loved him best were not. al lowed to behold him, added to their grief tenfold, . Nell’ be lieved sbe would have been.in-, part comforted, could she have laid her face to his lifeless face, her lips to his lips. The day wore on. Loving hands had robed her in her widow’s dress, loving hands had placed her boy in her arms. .To BE CoNTI.N’UiaJ.! A now model for the hulls of ships and steamers, designed to prevent robing has been brought under the notice uf.ih?. Customs department by the'inventor, ^tr. W. White, of Williainstown. 'i'!ie. feature of the desigu is that the beam '< greatly increased and the hull baised , IU instead of being narrowed, so that- >t presents flat surfaces , to t.h» sett, f i Ry this plan the surface of the bull’U ,i scnlcd to the waves at such an'migle iis to neutralise their force, and thus p'rew-jic the rolling of the ship'. . 