TALES AND SKETCHES. ! [ALI. KHIHTS BKHERVKU.] "THE DAY WILL COME." BY M. E. BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audley'sSecret," "Vixon,' "Ishmael," "Like and Unlike," "Thc Fatal Three," ftc. CHAITKB Viii-C Continued.; ' Such campo was not cosy. He had to think of his father, that indulgent, large- minded father who had ci ven his son a very remun- erative share in his practice at an age when most young men arc dependent for every suit of clothes or five pound note upon parental bounty and parental caprice. He kuew that his father looked to him for au entire release from work before they were many years older ; and that ha would then find himself j Bole master of a business worth at least fifteen hundred a year. All thu had come to him aud would come to bim easily, os the freely given reward of conscientious and intelligent work. It was a prospect which few young men Mould forego without considerable hesita tion : but Theodore hardly thought of the substantial advantages which he was so eager to sacrifice. His Bole hesitation was on ac* count of thc disappointment which thc step he contemplated would inflict upon his father. He was not without a foreshadowing of a plan by which that disappointment might bc in sonicwitse lessened. He had kept an eye upon his brother for some time past, and nc had discovered that the young man's fervour for thc Anglican Church had begun to «ool. There were all the signs of wavering ia that gifted youth. At one time ho devoted all his study to tile writings of Cardinal Newman, Hurrel Froude, aud the Tractarian Party-he lived ia thc atmosphere of Oxford in the forties ; he talked of Cardinal Manning os the head and front of religious thought He was on. the verco of deciding for the Old Faith. Then a sudden change came over the spirit of his dream. He begun to have doubts, not of the reformed faith, but of every Western, creed. " Light cones from the East,!' be. told his sisters with au oracular air. "t doubt if there is any nearer resting place (or the sole of my foot than i the Temple of Buddha. I find there the larger creed for whioh my mind yearns- boundless vistas bohind and before mc. I begin to entertain painful doubts of my fitnessior the Anglican Church. I might be a power, perhaps, but it would be outside tbose narrow bounds-like Voysey, or Stop-, fort Brooke. The Church, with its present! limitations, would:not hold me," The sisters sympathised, argued,, quoted Essays and Reviews, and talked of Darwin and Spencer, Huxley and Comte. Theodore listened and said nothing. He saw which way the ride was drifting, and rejoiced in thc change of the current. And now this sultry August afternoon, pacing up and down: the green walk, he -was expectant of an opportunity of disonssing bis brother's future with that .gentleman himself, as Harrington was in the habit of taking his afternoon constitutional, bookin hand, upon this very path. He appeared by-and-by, carrying an open volume of Max Muller and looking at the nursemaids aud perambulators. " What, Theo., taking year meditative cigar Î You-don't often give yourself a holi- day before dinner." " No, but I want to talk to you alone, and I knew this was your beat." " Nothing gone wrong, I hope.'' "No, it is your future I want to discuss If you don't mind. " "My future is wrapped io a cloud of doubt," replied ? the- young mau dreamily. " Were thc Church differently constituted-were the minds that rule tn it of a larger cast, a wider " Harrington, bow would you like the law as a profession !" Theodore asked abruptly, when the other began to hesitate.' " My dear fellow, it is all very well to ask me that question, when you know there is no room for me in my father's office," retorted Harrington, with a contemptuous wave of that long, lean white hand, which always re- minded bim of St. Francis de Sales or Savon- arola ; not that he had any positive knowledge of what those saintly bands were like. " Room might bc made for you," said Theo- dore. " I should not care to accept a subordinate position-Aut Cosar-" "So far as theCosar-ship of a provincial solicitor's office may go the whole empire may be yours by-and-by, if you like-provided you put your shoulder to the wheel und pass your examinations." " Do you mean to say that you would throw up your position-and an income which would allow of you marry to-morrow, if you choose -to make room for mc ?" "If I can get my father's consent, yes, decidedly." " And how do you propose to exist without a profession t" " I don't propose anything of the kind. I mean to go to the Bar. " Ob, I begin to understand. A solicitor's office is not good enough for you ?" " I don't say that ; but I have taken a dis- gust-an unreasonable disgust no doubt-to that branoh of the law ; and I am very sick of Dorchester." SS&ijtfS; "So am I," repeated Harrington, gazing vaguely at a pretty nrrsemaid. "We are agreed there at any rate. And you want to follow in Lord Cheriton's track, and make a great name ?" 'm rWa '""5 "It is only one man in a thousand who succeeds as James Dalbrook hos succeeded ; bul if I go to the Bar you may be sure I shall do my best to get on ; and I shall start with a pretty good knowledge of common law." " You want to be in London-you are puling foran Bathetic centre,"sighed Harring- ton. "I don't quite know what that is, but I should prefer London to Dorchester." "So should I-and you want me to take your place at the mill ; to grind out my soul m the dull round that has sickened you." " The life hss begun to pall upon me, bnt I think it aught to suit you," answered Theo' dore, thoughtfully. " You are fonder of home-and of the sisters-than I am. You get on better with them-" " You have been rather grumpy lately, I admit," said Harrington. " And you have let yourself cool upon your divinity exam. You evidently don't mean the Church T" " I have outgrown thc Church. You can't put a quart of water into a piut bottle." "And you must do something. I don't think you can do anything so good as to take my place, and become my father's right hand until he chooses to retire, and leave you the practice. You will have married by that time, perhaps, and will have sobered down ihtcllcctually. Morally you arc not one of thc steadiest follows I know." " I suppose I ought to consider this what thc house-agents call an unusual opportunity?" said Harrington ; "but you mustgive me time to think it over." "Toko time," answered Theodore briefly, " and I'll talk to my father in the meanwhile." Mr. Dalbrook received his eldest son's com- munication as if it had been a blow from an enemy's hand. " Do you suppoBC that ass, Harrington, can ever take your place," he exclaimed, where- upon Theodore took pains to explain that his brother was by no means an ass, and that he was only labouring under that burden of small affectations which weighs down a young man who has been allowed to live too much in thc society of young women, sisters and sisters' friends, and to consider ell his own utterances oracular. " He ÍB not so fit for the Church as Brown is," said Theodore, "and he will only addle his braun) if he reads any more theology. He won't be content with Paley and Butler, and the good old books which have been the turnpike road to ordination for a century. He is all for new ideas, and the new ideas arc too big fut him. But if you will give him hU articles, and teach him aa yon taught me-" "Idon't think 1 taught you much. You seemed to get at everything by instinct." "Ah, you taught tue my profession without knowing it ; and you will teach Harrington with just as little trouble. He will shake off that husk of affectation in your office-no solici- tor can bc affected-and ho wHl come out'a food lawyer ; while I am trying my luck in 'emote Chambers, reading and waiting for briefs. With your help, by-and-bye, I am bound to do something. I shall get a case or two upon thU circuit, anyhow." " I can't think what has put this folly in your head Theo," said his father, with a vexed air. "lt is uot folly, father; it is not a caprice," thc youngman protested, with sudden earnest- ness. "For God's sake don't think me un- grateful, or thatl would willingly turn my bick upon my duty to you. Only-young people have troubles of their own, don't youkuow !-and of late I have not been altogether happy. I have not prospered in my own lovc-dream ; and so I have set up a new idol, that idol so many mon worship with more or less reward \- Success. I want to spread my wiugs, and see if they will carry me on a longer flight than X have taken yet.'' " Well, it would be selfish of me to baulk you, even if your loss were lo cripple inc altogether*. And it won't do tnat. I ami stroug cnoutrh to work on for a few years longer than I intended." "Obi my dour father, I hope it won't come ta that. I hope my change of plan won't shorten your years of leisure." " I'm afraid that's inevitable, Theo. I can't transfer a fine practice to my son till I've made him a good lawyer-and God knows how long that will take in Harrington's case. Judging by my present estimation of him, I; should say half a century. Dut don't be' downhearted, Theo. You shall oat your dinners. You shall qualify for the Woolsack. After all I don't know how a life of leisure would suit me. It would be a change from the knowu to the unknown, almost as stupen- dous as thc change from life to death." Perhaps Matthew Dalbrook had fathomed that secret woe at which Theodore hod hinted darkly ; in any case he took his cider son's defection more easily than might have been hoped, and bore patiently with some pre- liminary fatuity from thc younger son, who accepted the gift of his articles, an allowance of one hundred and fifty pounds per annum, and the promise of a junior partnership in the ucar future, with the languid politeness of one who felt that he was sacrificing a mitre. Everything was settled off-band, and Theo- dore was to go to London at thc end of Sep- tember to select and furnish his modest chambers in one of those grave old courts of thc Temple, and bc ready to begin his new life with the beginning of term. He had not seen his cousin since the funeral, and she had been told nothing of this sudden reconstruction of his life ; but bc determined to see her before he left Dorchester, and he considered he bod a right, as ber kinsman, to bid her good-bye. Perhaps in his heart weariness he was inclined to exaggerate the solemnity of that leave-taking, somewhat as if he had. been starting fer Australia. He drove over to the Priory on a dull grey afternoon, his last day in Dorchester. His portmanteaus were packed, and all thingsl were ready for an early departure next morn- ing. Sorely as he had sickened of the good I old town which was his birthplace, he felt, a shade of melancholy at the idea .of catting himself adrift altogether from that quiet haven ; and the luvo of those open stretches of health between the city and Wareham, and ' those swampy, meadows and gracing cattle on the other side of that sleepy little town, was engrained in him deeper than he knew. It was a landscape which took a peculiar charm from the grey dimness of an autumnal atmos- phere, aud it seemed to Theodore Dalbrook that those level pastures and winding waters had never looked fairer than they looked to- day. He had written to his cousin a day before to tell her of his intended visit. It was too solemn a thing for him to leave thc finding her at borne to chance. His groom took the dog-cart round to the stables, while be was ushered at once to thc drawing-room where Lady Carmichael was sitting at her work- table in the bow window, with Styx stretched on a lion-skin at her feet. Tbe silence of the bouse struck Theodore Dalbrook painfully as he followed the footman across the hall and along a corridor which led to the drawing-room- that deathlike silence of a roomy old mansion in which there are neither children nor guests, only one j lonely inhabitant waited upon by solemn visaged servants, drilled by a phenomenal I quietness, and keeping all their good spirits j for the remoteness of the servants' hall, shut ] off by double doors and long passages. Sad- dened by that atmosphere ofglootn he entered I his cousin's presence, and stood with her' Binall cold hand In his, looking at the face which had changed so sorely from that vivid beauty which had shone upon him in the low light of the sulking sun on that summer even- ing not three months ago. AB he looked the memory of the bride's face came between him and the face of the widow, and for a moment or two he stood speechless. The clearly-cut features were pinched and sharpened, wasted by long nights of weeping, long days of silent regret The dark eyes were ciroled by purple shadows, and the oral cheeks were sunken and pallid. All the colour and richness of that southern beauty bad vanished, as if some withering blight bad passed over the face. " It was very good of you to think of me before you left Dorchester," Bhé said gently. She pushed forward a chair for her cousin, before she sat down ; and Theodore seated himself opposite to her with the wicker work table between them. He wondered a little to see that satin-lined receptacle gorged with bright coloured silks, and pieces of unfinished embroidery ; for it seemed to him that there was a touch of frivolity in this light orna- mental needlework which hardly harmonised with her gri-f-stricken countenance. " You could not suppose that I should leave without seeing you," he said, "I should have come here weekB ago, only- " " Only you wanted to give inc time to grow' calm, to teach myself to look my trouble straight in the face," ehe said, interpreting his thought. " That was very thoughtful of you. Well, the storm is over now. I am quite calm, us you see. I daresay some people think I am getting over it. That ts the usual filtrase, ÍB it not ? And so you are going to the tar, Theodore. I am glad of that. You are clever enough to make a name os my father did. It will be slow work, I suppose ; but it will be a field worthy of your ambition, which a solicitor's office in a market town never would bc. " I have felt the want of a wider field for a long time ; and I shall feel more interest in a barrister's work. But I hope you »don't thiuk I am conceited enough to expect to get on as well as your father. "I don't know about that. I think you must know you are a clever man. I have been wishing to see you for a long time, Theodore, only I was like you. I wanted to give myself time to be calm. I want to talk lo you about-tho murderer." " Yes. Have you heard anything ? Has there been any discovery ?" "Nothing. Tho offer of a reward has resulted in nothing-not one little scrap of information. Thc London detective gave up the business and went back to town a week after the funeral, having obtained only negative resulte. The police hereabouts are creatures without an idea ; and so unless something is done, unless some clever brain can solve thc riddle, the wrotch who killed my husband may go down to thc grave un- punished." » "It is hard that it should bc so," said Theodore quietly, "yet it is_ on almost impossible case. There is not a single indica- tion so fur to pul one on thc track-not one J little clue." J "Not for these dull-brained, mechanical discoverers, perhaps ; but for you or me, Theo, for us who loved him there ought to be light. Think what a strange murder it was. Not for |ram, remember. Hid ft been thc; hand of a burglar that shot him, I could under- stand the difficulty of tracing that partiCttlir : criminal among alf the criminel classa*. But thu murder, which .seams utterly motívaless, must have been prompted by some ertrs, ordinary motive. It was not the act of. * maniac; a maniac must have left some, tnace of his presence in the neighbourhood. A maniac could not have so completely eluded thc police on thc alert lo hunt hun down. There must have been some indication»" " Put madness out of the question, juanita, what then?" " Hatred, Theodore. That is the strongest passion in the human mind-a savage hatred which could not bc satisfied except with the fairest, brightest life that it had the power to destroy-a relentless hatred-not against him, not agaiuet my beloved. What had he done in all his good life that anyone upon this earth should hate him. Rut against us against my father and mother and me-the usurpers, thc owners of Cheriton Manor ; against UB who have thrust ourselves upon the soil which thc old wicked rase heid so long. Oh, Theodore, I have thought and thought of this, ¿ill thc conviction has grown into my mind-till it seemed like a revelation from God. It ia one of that wicked family who hus struck this blow." "One ot your predecessors-thc Strang- ways ! Is that what you mean. Nita ?" " Yes that is what I mean." "My dear Juanita, it is too wild an idea. What, after your father has owned the estate nearly a quarter of a ccutury ? Why should the enemy wait all those years-anil choose such a time ?" " Because there never before was such au opportunity of striking A blow that should bring ruin upon us. My father's hope of making his son-in-law his successor in the peerage was known to a good many people, lt may easily have reached the care of the Strangways. " " My dear girl, the family II.IB died ott like rotten sheep. I doubt if there are any sur- vivors of thc old race." "Oh, but families are not obliterated so easily. There is always someone left. There were two sons and a daughter of tho old squire's. Surely one of those must have left children." " But Juanita, to suppose that au y mau could hate thc purchaser of his squandered estate with a hatred malignant enough for murder is to imagine humanity akin to devils. " " We are akin to devils," cried Juanita, excitedly. "I have felt that I could rejoice as the devils rejoice at human suffering if I could see my husbande murderer tortured. Yes, if he were tied against a tree, as Indian savages tie their sacrificial victims,-tied against a tree, and killed by inches, with every variety of torture which a hellish ingenuity can suggest, 1 would say my litany, like thone savages, my litany of triumph and content. Yes, Theodore, we have more in common with the devils thou you may think. " "I canuot see the possibility of murder prompted by ouch an inadequate motive," said Theodore,, slowly, remembering,. «> he spoke, how Churton lied.suggested that the crime looked.like a vendetta. ''Inadequate] Ah,,.that,, depends, don'* you see. Remember, we., have not to deal with good people. The Strangways were always ail evil race. Almost every tradition that remains about their lives, is u story.of wroug-doing. And think how small u.wouod may be deadly when the blood has poison in it beforehand. And is it a small thing lo see strangers in a home that has been in one's family for three centuries ? Again,.remember that although nothingXhrove on the Cherin* estate while the Strangways held it-or at any rate not for the last hundred years of their holding-no sooner was my father tn possession than the luck changed. Quarries were developed ; land that had been almost worthless became valuable for building. Everything has prospered with bim. And think of them, outside-bauished for ever, like Adam and Eve out of Paradise. Think of them with hate and envy gnawing their hearts. ' " There would bc time for them to get over that feeling in four und twenty years. And when you talk about them, I should like to know exactly whom you mean. I assure you thc general idea is that they have all died off. That is to say, all the direct line." "It is upon that very subject T want to talk to yon, Theodore. Would you like to do ma a service, a very great service?" " Nothing would make me happier." "Then will you try to find out all about the Strangways-if they are really all goue, or if there are not some survivors, or a sur- vivor, of thc last squire's family f If you can do that rauoh it will be something'gained. Wc shall know better what to think. When I heard that you were going to live in london, it flashed into my mind that you would be just the right person to help me, and I know- how good you had been to me always, and that you would help. London is the place to make your inquiries. I have heard my father say that all broken lives-all doubtful characters-gravitate towards London. It is the one puce where people fancy they can hide." "I will do everything in my power to realise your wish. Juanita. I shall bc u solitary man with a good deal of leisure, so I ought to succeed, if success bc possible." They were silent for some few minutes, Juanita being exhausted with the passionate vehemence of her speech. She took up a piece of embroidery from the basket, and began, with slow careful stitches, upon the petal of a dog rose. " I am glad to see you engaged upon that artistic embroidery," said Theodore presently, for the sake of saying something. " That means, perbaps, that you wonder I can care for such frivolous work as this," she said, interpreting his recent thought, when his eyes first lighted on her satin-lined basket with its rainbow-hued silks. "It soems in- consistent, I dare say ; but this work has helped me to quiet my brain many a time when I have felt myself on the brink of mad- ness. These Blow regular stitches, thc mechanical movement of my hand as the flowers grow gradually, stitch by stitch, through the long melancholy day, have quieted my nerves. I cannot read. Books give me no comfort, for my eyes follow the page while my mind ¡B brooding on my own troubles. It is better to sit and think quietly, while I work. It is better to face my Borrow. " " Have you been long alone ?" "No. It is only three weeks since Lady Jane went back to Swanage ; and she comes to sec me two or three times a week. My father and mother come as often. You must not think I am deserted. Every one is very good to mc." " They have need to be." Again there was a brief interval of sllcucc, and Olen Juanita closed her basket, and lifted her earnest eyes to her cousin's face. " You know all about the Strangways ?" she inquired. " I have heard a good deal about them from one and another. People who livo in the country have long memories, and are fond of talking of thc lords of thc soil, even when the race hos vanished from thc land. I have heard elderly men tell their after-dinner stories about the Strangways at my father's rabio." " You know the family portraits at Cheri- ton ?" "Thc picture? in thc hall. Yes. I have wondered sometimes that your father should have kept them there-effigies of en alien race." "I hate them," exclaimed Juanita, shudder- ing. " I always had an uncomfortable feeling about them, a feeling of strange cold eyes looking at us in Beeret enmity ; hut now I abhor them There isa girl's face-a crncl face- that I used rather to admire when I was a child, and sometimes dream about ; and on the lest night but »ne of-my happy llfe I looked ut that picture, with Godfrey, and told him my feeling about that face, and he told me thc pitiful story of tho original. Thc creature had a sad life, and died in France, poor and broken-hearted. Two hours later I board a strauec step upon thc tcrraco, while Godfrey und I «'j>re sittinc in the libr.iry-i stealthy, et-eiptng step, ewstingnsar otaeof the tosen windows, a«d tb» weeping away again; .Whsd upe 'looked «at there was muone to te. ?eeit" "And (hi» wa» the night before-Sir God frey"« death t" "Vet. I-told my father about lt-after after my trouble ; and when he questioned the gardeners be discovered that footprints had had. been seen by ons of them on the damp gravel the morning ofter I heard that ghost- like step. They were étrange footprints the mon waa sure, or be would not nave noticed thain. The print of a shoe with a .flat heel not of a Urge foot-but they were not very <iistinct, and he went over them with bu roller, and rolled them out, and thought no moro about the fact until my father questioned him. Hie next day was dry and wann, ob you know, and the gravel was hard next night. Them were no footprints seen-after- wards. " "Did the gardener trace those marks beyond the- terrace-to the avenue for instance ?" " Not he. All he did was to roll them out with his iron-roller. "They suggost on« point-that the mur- derer may have been lurking about on the night before the crime." "lam sure of it. That footstep would uot have frightened me if there bad been no meaning in it. I felt as u Scotchman does when he has seen the shadow of thc shroud round his. fricud's figure. . It is a point for you to remember, Theodore ; if you mean to help me." "I do mean to help you." "God bless you. for that promise," abe cried, giving him her hand, " and if you want any farther information about thc Strangways there is someone here who may be UBef ul. Godfrey's old bailiff, Jasper Crane, lived over ten years at Cheriton. He only left there when the Squire died, andhe almost, immediately entered the service of Godfrey's father. If yon can stay till thc evening I will seud for him, and you can ask him as many questions as you like,'1 "I will stay. There is a moon rather late io the evening, and I shall bo able to get back any time before midnight. But, Juanita, as ouiUOuesttfiifUH lam bound to tell yon that I believo.you arc following: an ignie faluiw~-you are.;influenced by. prejudices and fancies, rather than hy reason. 