MELBOURNE. JAKUAEV 24. [FBOM OUR COEMJSPONOBNT.'J According to the usages of the press governor's pars always come first. I have been somewhat exercised in my mind of late—being inquisitive as to details - as to liow this " ride and tie" business of His Excellency the Governor and his CountesB has been carried out. We hear of the countess driving gaily a four-in-hand trap, making a triumphal entry into a country town while the earl canters along by the side, while the next stage the positions are reversed, and it is the earl that holds the ribbons and the countess is in the saddle. What puzzled me was what were the horses that bore such a distinguished pair of equestrians. Did the lady guide the gentle motions of a palfrey, and the gentleman bestride a Bleed of fire—a broncho or a buckjumper 1 No ! The plain troth is that both rode the same horse, not in the old-fashioned way—the gentleman in the saddle and the lady on a pillion—but alternately. It is a pleasant manner of taking farewell of the country which neither of them are likely ever to see again, this touring through the land which fortune called them to exile themselves in. For to this young couple, with their superb seats and magnificent social position, life in Victoria these last four years must have been simple exile. But at least the experience has not been thrown away. Lord Hopetoun came to us a nervous and diffident speaker, he leaves us a finished one. I am not intimate with Mr Gladstone or Lord Salisbury or on visiting terms with any of England's premiers. All I know,is that Gladstone's favorite, tipple is an egg beaten up in sherry, as Disraeli's used to be-bhampagne jelly. But I never heard of English ministers always keeping their hand on a handle of a proximate whisky cupboard when'they received, and inviting all English visitors to " give it a name." It is a beautifully hospitable custom, and it hasn't taken us long to get used to it, but it doesn't strike a stranger quite the same way. Tbe other day a young journalist, new to town and unfamiliar with the ways that are dark, was sent by ; his leader to interview the Premier. Hei found Mr Patterson, as usual in warm weather, ,seated in his departmental chamber, which used to be the ante-room, in his shirt sleeves, and before him the customary bottle of whisky, two syphons of soda, bottles. of wine, beer, and so forth. The journalist eyed the temper-soothers meditatively, and when he got outside he let off his oppressed feelings in one sentence : " Great Ceesar'a Ghost 1" he exclaimed, "Call that the Premier's office ; why, it's a free bar 1" The new arrangements for the conirol of the Agent-General's office are these :— 5lr Gillies is to displace Sir Andrew Clarke as Agent- General, not General Agent, ; and he will be expected to be ornamental, not useful, and to assume as much as possible the air of an ambassador, so that we may hear that "still the wonder grew that one small head could carry all he knew." Professor Pearson is to take up his bed and walk on the 30th of June. The chief clerk is to become the secretary, and there is to be a commercial man with him to do the rouse-about work m connection with the products. Dave Wilson, I believe, thinks he knows a man that would just fit the billet. Part of this I have published before, but what has not been is this : that when there was some mention of retiring Professor Pearson, Mr Deakin, Mr Gillies and other leading public men exerted their influence to secure his retention. Loyalty to an old confrcre probably prompted Mr Deakm's actiou, but that Mr Gillies, to whom the Professor was generally opposed when in Parliament should intervene is a creditable instance of the chivalry of politics. They must rise early m Colac. On. Wednesday we: had -a deputation from Colac, and as it contained a good many; shire councillors you can easily understand that it promised to be well nigh interminable. But the point that most struck me was this. One speaker, who when he reared himself: on his legs appeared to strike and take root there, read a number of items purporting to be statistics of the shire,,and- guaranteed them as" authorita- ' tive. He said lie Jiad verified them that morning Sow the train carrying the deputation leftColac at 6 30 a in , so that" the verification muBt have; taken^lace: between daybreak and that hour. iJSvidently the shire secretary of ; Oolae is upbetimes. Was ever "before in the history of the world, except perhaps in time of war, a meeting of an Executive Council held in a ladies' waiting room.. Yet this was the case the other day at Lara,- when members of the Government travelled thither to meet His Excellency the Governor, and polished off their business in the dingiest chamber that probably an Exeautiva Coiinoil was ever held in. 