TI, Parnag.s "It is for the last time," she whis rered. Dumbly ores told eyes this was the truthm .'Always inevitable, it had coine at last. After to-night there was to be no future in common.`'- As yet neither has said the word that each is think ingot. . "Good-brol" A little word to hole so mnuch of pain. "To' forget!". At short sentence- to illustrate the 'iipos I sible. "Not yet!" A prayer for re' prieve. "The end!" A futureless, hour which embraces Past and Present; "The rose is dead," says he, as a show. er of petals fell at his feet. M~echan ieally removing the broken steni fromi his button-hole, he added-"and-thd e ord is said." "It has been a most sweet chapter in our lives," said she, with downcast "I would not have missed it," roplie? be-"though we may never add-" "To be continued." And a tear stoic softly over her cheek Each had lingered, loth to turn the last torn leaf. Soon nothing would be. left of what had been all. Alasl That5 the books of men's lives should be writ ten in the sand, and that the tides oI the years leave not even a trace. A strange emptiness fills the night.. Other nights shall come ghost- haunted. Ghosts of inscrutable glances-of sweet, replies to old immortal questionings. - She stands beside him, her lips qniv. ering with agony suffered for his sake. His eyes a?e filled with pitying tears for two broke-s lives-their own. Alasli prtho nights brimming with happy. lilences under the stars. The shaded lmp is burning out The hour has tome. Words are poor things. . "Did I bring my cane?" And his. yrembling hand reaohes into a shadowy forner. "Yes; here it is," replied she., "Goodnight. . , "Good night" Each knows that it is a good-bye. . A caress. A sigh. A sob. The, door closes. His rapid footsteps ares )peedily lost to herlistening ear. Yes, t is over. The darkness swallows him from{ ight. A murky flash. He is lightino his cigarette. And she? l She' slowly rearranges her rnflled, bangs as she murmurs, with a yawn: t "I wonder -what time he'll come nu to-morrow night!" , ! They have bid. each other an eternal frewell before..:- ' 