Siaoeianil Studies (Chiefly Australian). By Garnet Waloh. No. 18. Bad Business. Small Houses.—A Friendly Liar.—An Audience One.—A Hospital Benefit.—The," Artful Dodger" as a Manager.—Clever " Stars."— ?■ t. sTfii^RS op the Trade.—Dampikrian "Butter/ 5 I;r is"bitten—or should have been, ere now—and oH&fefor;'e jhWl be here set down, how a well-known [Australian/Manager -who long since made his exit jii^mla^vorld where his later speculations proved anything but profitable—heard one Pressman speaking to another of Anthony Trollope's then recently published novel, The Small House at Allington. "Small House at Hallington" he cried, " what the double-dash does he want to write about it torj bad enough to have small houses, without telling every double-dash cove you meet that your biz is quisby," and he withdrew, fuming at the double-dash pass double-dash things were coming to in connection with theatrical matters. But small houses, equally with large ones, must be alluded to by the con scientious chronicler of stage affairs, more especially in these sad times when long runs and large profits are seldom, if ever, enjoyed by the plucky managements still holding their ground in-the midst of direful depression. The friendly reporter, who, doing his nightly rounds, pops for a moment, say, into the Crown Theatre, only to see it less than half-full, yot in the greatness of his reportorial heart, and borrowing the idea from the Unjust Steward of scripture, takes his pen, sits down and writes quickly, that "another large audience assembled last night to witness the splendid programme provided for their patrons by Messrs. Thingamy and So-and-So—thiB gentleman probably finds sufficient reward in the doing of a kindly act, followed by a few extra orders when required—and nobody is injured by his generous fib, ui, not even the " constant reader" who so implicitly i believes in everything his favourite journal states' that the report of good business at the Crown ; Theatre aforesaid, largely influences his own visit to ( the playhouse in question. The nightly "treasury" j tells a different tale, but managements do not air ; their trembles "in the streets of Gath," nor "upon the housetops of Askelon," and even we shall give neither date nor locality in recording certain facts which lose none of their strength by being thus uulabelled. "The smallest house," said old Ben Boecham to the writer, when asked for his experience in this re spect,." the absolutely smallest house! ever knew was at C.oaltowu, in the sister,.colony. I won't tell you what piece was up, because as I played the star part, you might chip in with your confounded cyni cism and fit a cause to tire effect differing froth the one I ohoose to give—but let it.suffice^forme to Bay that it was a bitterly cold, windy night, the gas device in front of the theatre being blown out as often as we re-lighted it, and volleys of icy sleet rattling on the galvanised iron roof of the verandah like handfuls of shot. None of us anticipated a : large audience j indeed, we were quite prepared for a small one j but when it came to ringing-up time, and after allowing a few minutes longer, 1 peeped through the iron judas in the curtain and saw only one solitary individual, in the stalls, I confess I was staggered. However, it did not take me long to determine how- the situation was to be faced. Stepping in front I addressed our audienco as follows i—' My Dear Sir, we are very glad to see you as representing the intellect .of Coaltown, or, rather, such portion of the intelleot as even equinoctical gales and a thormomoter somewhere near zero cannot deter from asserting itself, but, as I think you will agree with mo, even as one swallow does not make a Bummer, neither does a single spectator constitute an audionco. Hence, if you have no objection, wo will postpone tlio porformanoo until to-morrow night.. ' Quito so,' Mr. Beeoham, callod out the gentleman. ' Then,' I continued, • if you will kindly * Specially written tw Tasm* -Taiu.-All rights apply aii the office on your way out, youria0ftttyw|| be returned to you; and, further, if y0ll wjjj . | into the parlour of the Anthracite Arms, next door/ will meet you anon, and shall be delighted ii/,| will join rne in a glass of something hot.' pleasure, sir/ came the reply, and a few later ,we met as suggested, and—well 1 rather fan J the one glass of ' something hot' was multiply I without a miracle, into a substantial skinfull, i paid for, my boy, by me. The cream of the at,, however, was not skimmed until next morning, vhj I said to Blank Dash, our treasurer, ' You gave thil gentleman back his money last night, of cou/l Money!' cried Blank, 'he came in on an order1"! Those, sir, are the facts concerning 'theeiaallj house I have ever known.'" , Mr. Beeeliam's exixerience in this direction wi-M be considered to reach the climax, were it not'lj the narrative furnished by his brother-m-ams.jJ Geoffrey Bishop, as thus: " What I'm goingtolrff you, boys/' says " Geoff."—as he is familiarly stjlJ by his intimates—" is the refrigerated verity, i|J the frozen truth, and aptly so named, asitdajj with what we actors"—this to the writer in patJj thesis—" what we actors term a * frost.' It h J pened at Oreville, South Australia. Charley SlinJ and I had organized a small company, a very sal company, and had managed to make a little i®j than tucker until we struck Greville, and then<k luck petered dead out. We still paid our way, k| the future looked pretty dark, for the houaesltt were growing 'small by degrees, and beautite less.' Something must be done in tho shape oh final flutter or we should hardly be ublutorsi our next point, Mullocktown, thirty utiles furth on. At last a brilliant idea struck Charley. Piit^ a benefit for the local hospital and give half If proceeds to that deserving charity, tho bill to! nothing less than Hamlet, with yours truly mil melancholy Dane, Chai'ley the Ghost, the 11k Player,and the Grave-digger, and tho itumimk the parts doubled, trebled aud quadrupled by I rest of the company. We made the anuouiic« in next morning's papex*, the Oreville Oracle, aM nights later came the eventful time. Dressing Hamlet took me until quite eight o'olook, aud ai came out of my room 1 was met by Charley, real for the Ghost, Polonitis—old . Forty Sides, f remember him—aud one or two more of our Uji They told me that on such an occasion ifc \yusimI in Oreville for the manager or tho star to uial'l little speech prior to the performance, and ui'sjedf to do so at once, i willingly consented, for if tliwl one thing 1 pride myselfupon it is the deliveijf an impromptu address. Our orchestra, little E Keys, the pianist, had just finished the ov« when I stepped in froqt of the curtain, and iualisj profound bow stood with my eyes modestly e down and waited for the applause to" subi before 1 spoke. -But the-.applause did not silts for the simple reason that , it had not begtiMl gave a second bow more profound even tl®'| first and again paused, with a similar result, are spell-bound/ I said to myself. My get-ni1 k knocked 'om, and so I raised my head and ptaii 'Ladies,aud gentlemen.' ! Then came a wild1!'18] of laughter from behind me and uty own SOT1 tion, ' By there's nobody in the house I' too true. Hamlet and the Hospital uuwbiiWM failed to draw a solitary soul. And not only tbk| when Oharley and I, ashamed to uoknoivlw^J truth, sent 4!5-out of our last tenner to thobw committee, that, worthy body, although thoy" to the cash, passed, so to speak, a voto of upon.us for not consulting them.first in tho" Next 1" ' There is a well-known dodge, in vogito fif th-rate London theatres, which consists i" fT away say pit orders for one particular nigW.ti than sufficient in number to fill blnth part «f| diouse. three times uvoi' j tlien staiidinK recommending the disappointed ones to ftf! extra sixpence or shilling admitting th«lU '1 uioro expensive seats. But a decidedly.tuofi method of ensuring a well - iillod adopted in Australia by a certain of strolling playera, who shall horo ijo iiHiiis^J who it is understood award a high mood of Pi thoir managor for both inventing and 1" tho plan into praotico. They wore i" " toriau town, whore, judging by t'lS lation, they might reasonably l'aVU /J and did expect, a uxucli larger .sbar® |1 p'atfbiiago than liatl been accorded the in. So groat indeed had boon tho deficit in tlio revenue during their tolerably long stay, that the raising of funds before they loft was an imperative necessity, unless tlieyiworu willing to leave ail hotel landlord and one or two other creditors' who kept lodgings in the plight which llio poet tolls us foil to tlio lot of that irascible heavy father, Lord Ulliu, whou " the waters wildvrollod o'er his child." But the manager, after retiring within himself awhile, doolured prophetic ally that the last house of the season should bo a buuipor— and ho kept his word. :.;"o:He caused so vera! hundred tickets to be printed, eaChj in-ico three shillings, admitting bearer to the front seats on tlio night in question, and giving some of those to evory member of the company in lots of two;'' throe, four and. five tickets, each lot in a separate envelope, with a programme also enclosed, bade' his follow-oonapirators drop the unvelojies quietly, unobtrusively, and not too closely, all over the'jtown. His orders were implicitly obeyed—this was two or three days before the close of the season —tiut even those who aided him thus failed to grasp, as'indeod he hoped tlioy would, the precise end such wholesale distribution was intended to attain. They kiiew all about it, though, a little after eight o'clock on! the evening of their farewell performance, when the'curtain rose to an audience filling every avail able^corner of the hall, and every seat paid for in stealing coin of the roalm. . This is what liad happened. Just before the doors opened, the manager Avont tlio rounds of.the check takers at the entrances to the various classes of seats, and sboAviug them each a sample of the dropped tickets, told them on no account to admit anyone bearing such a ticket, but to state, if enquiries were puslied in tlio matter, that tlie tickets had been lost in )the streot, probably picked up, but certainly never paid for. The result (ivas that hundreds of ;Avell-to-do people did present the tickets, made some lame- excuse on finding they ivere blocked, then meeting their acquaintances, all in the same fix, but ttlbashatued to tell the truth, and ashamed also to 'return homo alter being met 011 the spot, ivere fain to pay ;honestly for admission. One liotel-keeper alone, ih close proximity to tlio liu!l, suid'afterwards that lid ldht 110 less than JM-O to: \yoll-.knqwn residents, yvho applied to liiui'in a hurry, 'A having left their purses at home." Tlio plan folloAvod by the manager ivas,' an ell'octivo, if not a very honest one, and slioAved a thorough knoAvlodgo of human nature. It iS,to\fyo hoped that the publicity it uoav gains Avill not, cause its adoption by others. Slleigo "stars," in tlieir travels hither. and tliithor, often succeed in .working- up local interest entirely apart from tlieir own talents, as in tlio case of Mr. Walter l]ontloy,AVho nosooner arrives in a town and'lias boon aooorded the usual wharf or rail way station ovation ■ which, curiously,enough, figures as. an item im the-.- Avablds expenses, than Are begin to gee letters in the newspapers opening up- some suoli controversy as tiro proih-iety of pai-sous visitipg the theatre j the morality, or otherwise, of Hliakespoaro's plays, etc., etc. • And then, or it may beia'ti an earlier stago of, the proceedings^ out go circulars' inviting the clergy, Avitli' the, result-that for (tl\'p ono Avliito-uhokored gentleman' who attends fifty! ordinary citizens go to see liim do It, and'thou the'aStuto Mr. Bontley and his geiitlomauly .ageht shiikb' hands and congratulate each other on the great success achieved by the ancient, but evergreen, tlodgoi. ,i. Friend Dumpier, down amongst tlio Maori!adders a few,', ^months ago, neither issued circulars nor inyitoii,parsons, but in. the I'reas inter vieATS which 'greeted him in tlio birgor pontros of population ho ha^l - iilAvayu something to'say which avhs! ualoulatod to.dirot'tly interest Now Zealundora in Ids move ments,''iTh us, in Ohristuhurch, during the course of a lengthy oliat with tho representative of, the local " Thunderor," ho Is reported) to , have said . that hiH'tpur through Noav Zealaud was taken apart, 1 from nil paltry inicuuiury:.^considerations, fov.'/V-.the imrposo of collecting.. . Information, photographs, skotohos, etc,, Avhioli would enable,hiui tegive^tlio public of Australia,JOnglundj America, &o.;, ufaithful representation of Now /Zealand, her mhubl taut^.maiuioi'fi, custoniB, oto., in a drama ho then hud imhanfh This, and move to tho game purport, .could u.ot biit.,Prove Mattering-bo the people'avIioui it avus Intendecf to pluaso, aud I do nob imagine that the huus^S' Ouflorcd any diminution in consequence| I should,bather fancy that the. fillip thus given turned; tfyo.whpel of fortuno in tlio other and more agree able, direction. 1 ("Next week's -instalment' wilheoutliot of TiU'-rFjjXT' I PlO'No-l W^X'iX, &C.;] 