LOCAL ITEMS. We are compelled to hold over many items until nest issie, 'including 'the continuation of our review of Mr. Jeff rey's orchard at Cheltenham under the heading of "The Gardens of Brighton and Muorabbin." The scaio of charges adopted by the Brighton Council in 1886 for the use of the town hall, and subsequently for the drill room, have frequently been com plained of asprohibitive. They. ranged from £4 4s. to £1 Is. At the council meeting on Monday Dr. Macansh moved that resolutions fixing the scale be rescinded, and that the public works committee consider the question of re vision.- 'This was agreed to. The Brighton Free Library's appeal to the local council for monetary assist ance was successful on Monday even ing, and it was agreed to continue the grant-in-aid of £3 per month for another year. The Mayor and Crs. Falking ham and Backhouse were appointed the Council's representatives on' the library committee. The Brighten brass band played some tirst-class music at the corner of Nepean road and Union street last Saturday evening, and enlivened the neighbor hood to an appreciable extent. Eext Tuesday evening the band will parade the following streets, weather permit ting,'leavinl the North Brighton sta tion at 8 o'clock, viz., Asling street to North road, thence to Drake street, and then down New street to Barkley street. The petition of Wm. Macpherson, of Wilson street, Brighton, for the winding up of the Thomas Bent Land Company was argued in the Supreme Court before the Chief Justice on Monday. The petition set forth that the company was incorporated on 3rd March, 1888, the capital being £62,000, to consist of 62,000 shares of £1. The petitioner was the holder of 250 shares. For more than one year the company had sus- pended business, and it was not able to pay its debts. The property and assets of the company were mortgaged for more than their value, and if the mort- gagees realised there would not be suffi- cient to pay the amount of the mortgages. Mr. Topp said that it was believed that nearly 40,000 shares had been transferred or allowed to be for- feited since the company ceased to do business. The petitioner wished to hold an enquiry into the circumstances under which those transactions had taken place, and as an amendment of the petition would be necessary to secure that object, the case was adjourned till December. Opposition to the petition was offered by the company, and John Blyth, W. Huntly, Thos. Bent, A. Ratray, Geo. Johnston, J. H. O'Connor, and Jas. Hope, shareholders; Jane Conner and E. Gillespie, creditors. The conference of municipalities to consider the proposal of the Govern ment to reduce the municipal endow ment was held on Wednesday, when a motion was carried asaing the Govern ment not to withhold this year's moiety, and to c ntinuo the vote at £310,000. A deputation subsequently interviewed the Premier, but without success, the hen. gentleman 'saying he could not alter the estimates as already framed.' Or. Wood, of Caulfield, atd Cr. M'Cansh, of Brighton, wished the con ference to ask for the total abolition of the subsidy, and the withdrawal of the land tax as a '" quid pro quo," but could not carry an amendment to that effect. e The flotationi of a small loan on de- ° bentures, already authorised, was de cided upon by the Moorabbin Council 1 at its Monday's meeting for the con- t struction of Edith street, Mordialloo. The place is in a terrible state and C needs attention badly now the warm 1 weather is rapidly coming on.. The I loan will only be about £300, at 5 per cent., repayable in twelve years by the property owners abutting on the street. b An improvement rate will be struck of t .d., per fool frontage, and this will 1 cotitiuue for. the whole period of the 'iThe -Brighton Beach 1enervo is still n troubling the mipds of several coun. d cillcfrs;iaid Cr.. salklingham last Mon. daytavd notice that it is his intention to mov?o that Mr. Caretaker Kelly be dismissed, and that the reserve be open s to the public. tl The commnittee of the Mechanics' I Institute, Mordialloo, are making ar. rtangementa for holding a calico and c fancy dress ball on the 1lth pror, in U Two sub-committees have' been ap pointed by theo Brighton Council 'to make investigation and report regarding the ceaspan contract and' scavenging work with a view of more economical working. That very disgraceful ricketty old a piece of woodwork that does service as part of the North Brighton railway station was brought under the notice ,of the Brighton Council on Monday even inug by Cr. Wilson. He said the wood- I work was rotting away, and was' the 4 moat disgraceful station in the colony. It was decided to have another shot by way of letter at the Railway Commis Sesioners on the subject. • " Mr. Kittrick wrote to the Moorabbit, a Council. at its last meeting, asking for co- operation in an endeavori to get the Postal Department to establish a bran., office at the Highett store. The reaso' of the agitatie':rwas that the Depart ment had. ceased clearing the receiving box on; the railway :station at, night ti. the grett ;indovenience of 'residents t Mr. Key~ sagd;rthere was not a ghost of a chance of getting a branch office at the store,' ad- the council decided to ask the, authorities to allow tlie guard to clear the receiving box at night A tacit understanding has been ar rived at by the Moorabbin Shire Counciled e to do no'more work on private streets, except' under extraordinary, circum stances. Crs. Lamb. Smith, and' Benjamin waited on the Acting Railway Commis sioners on Friday last, and asked that special. excursion trains be run to Chel Y tenham, Mentone. and "Mordialloo on a Saturdays and Sundays, at one shilling r- returii fare. The Coi;missioners re a plied that the matter was already under n consideration, and had been referred to the traffic superintendent. An an e nouncement embodying the.suggestion of the deputation' would' probably be made 'in a few days. The energetic councillors determined to kill two birds with the one stone, and at the same time asked the Commissioniers to reduce h the prices of periodical tickets, but the e reply was that the Department could not see its way to comply. The. President of the Shire of Moo rabbin (Cr. Abbott) intends taking a it trip, to England, partly on business, partly on pleasure, and generally for the good of his health. He' mentioned the matter 'at the council meeting on r Monday, and 'said his intended de parture had been fixed for or about the 15th prox. It was a question whether a he should resign as president and coun cillor, or whether he should obtain leave. As far as he was personally con cerned he offered to place himself en tirely in the-hands of his fellow coun cillors. He was quite willing to resign both his offices. He hoped to return to the colony about March, but busi nees might possibly detain him longer. The mattero was held over till next council meeting, to allow the secretary time to see if the president could legally be absent from so many meetings,.even by consent of the council. For our part we think Cr. Abbott is fairly en titled to leave on full pay, and as all his municipal labors have been purely, honorary, the ratepayers could well affird to give such an old warrior in their interests a deserved spell ;-and a so say all of us. f Commenting on the Land Tax debate r in the Assembly, the " Age " says : The] Opposition was unfeignedly de lighted to have at least one of the legal recruits, Mr.. Moule, on their side. They gathered enthusiastically around him when he rose Ajax- like to defy the fcrensic lightning 'of his professional brethren, Messrs. Higgins, Irvine and Fink, and were unstinted in their encouragement and applause. What the youthful successor of Mr. Bent lasked in some respects he made up for in obvious earnestness of purpose. " He was actually angry with the' situation. I iHe regards the land tax as but a step in ' the direction of a single tax and con- a iscatlion, and maintained against all1 disputanis that until a line can be drawn Sbstween the value of State efforta and individual efforts no scientific tax on the unimproved value of land can be propounded. Another of his points was that if th'e State taxed unearned increment, it was logically bouud to pay undeserved decrement. His own desire is for a property assessment tax. "Then move it," cried the Premier and others, and the Premier also privately referred the hon. member to a passage in May's text book on Parliamentary practice, showing that such an amendment is per missable. Mr. Meoule said he would act on the hint if the carrying of the amendment would not displace the t Government. . SIn connmotion with the scheme of rail way iconoty, the goodas sidiug'atN6?ith road-station, on the Mordialloo line has been lately closed. A deputation introduced by Mr. Moule, M.L A., has seen the commiasioni-rs on the subject, and been informed that to obviate two men being 'employed unnecessarily at block working ij, connection with the mnterlocking system, it had been resolved to take out the cross-over roads at the station, and that prevented the goods siding ,being worked. The deputation nsuggested an alternative manner of pro. riding for the delivery of goods at the I locality, and the columisesioners promised to give it consideration. The fortnightly meeting of the Cheltenham A.N.A. was held on the 14th inst, in the Mechanics Institute. Mr. Morrow (president) in the chair. After the routine business (which included the election of .Mr. T. Wedd as a benefit member) had been transacted, a lecture on "Free trade and Land Value Taxation" was an given by Mr. J. E Mackey,. MA. The Iscturer ensered into his subject very fully and elicited a great nqmber ,f iquestions on his gonolsion, The next meeting will be held on.Wednes. A day, 28th inst., Mr. Morrow being tI set down'foran address on that occasion. ai We refer our readers to advt., in an. other column announcing a Christmas ' Market toebe held at St. Joseph School, eO Stanhope street, Malvern. Owing to ci the strenuous exertionsof the hon sees. vi Mrs. Smith and Miss Callanan, there is ti no doubt. that their efforts will he crowned with success. Mr. 5.' a. P. Baylee has kindly offered 'his services, t.ill *il di t'r ,sO w o? "t I ft lrfIy Iij i' al 4c.jtolu, ' 