A Strange Wolf Trap. By DAVID KER in Little Folks. A Russian pine forest is a dreary place enough at the best of times, and even the pro- verbial brightness and beauty of the short-lived northern summer cannot make it otherwise; bat in midwinter, with evening fast darkening into night, Bnow knee-deep on the ground, the signs of a ooming storm growing plainer and plainer every moment, and a paok of hungry wolves abroad in Bearoh of prey, it is the very last place in which any man, however brave, would wish to find himself alone. So evidently thought—judging from his hurried pace and his anxious glances around him—the solitary wayfarer who oame struggling through the drifted snow and thorny under growth of a dense and dismal pine forest in the north-west of Russia, one gloomy January evening, just as night was setting in. All Russian peasants are naturally super stitious, and Ivan (John) Markoff^|Bw9Ba> > ia. witohes, ghosts, vampireB,^wstxM«mpj?9, house-spirits, and all the other objectionable personages of the old Slavonian mythology as firmly as he believed in the Bible. But apart from these imaginary terrors, he had another and a more real one, which was far worse—the wolre*! Amid the vast and pathless forests of Northern Russia—which is even now one of the most thinly peopled regions in all Europe— the " gray-coat" (as the Russian peasants call their wolfish enemy) has it all his own way for the most part, especially during the long and terrible winter of the far north. His natural cowardice, indeed, usually keeps him at a distance from the villages, thongh I hare bad him prowling under the very windows of my hut more than once; but any man who ven tures alone through the woods from one hamlet to another during the colder months of the year is likely to have a bad time of it; and poor Markoff had good cause to turn pale and dutch instinctively at the trusty axe which was his only weapon, as the night wind brought to his strained ear a long, quavering, dreary sound, which he knew but too well. The wolves were abroad, and on his track! Qn hjs track, indeed, they were, as the next instant made manifest; for all at onee the long, wailing, distant ory changed to that quick, fierce, snarling yell (a sound that no one who has once heard it oan ever forget) whioh tells that the wolf has scented its prey, and is tracking it down. That panning howl was enough to spur Ivan to a speed whioh—encumbered as he was with his knee-high boots and the heavy sheepskin frock that covered him down to the heela—was simply marvellous amid such deep snow; and it was not long ere he saw light before him in the midst of the foreßt shadows, and emerged from the woodß on to a bare open plain, which the first pale beams of the rising moon were just beginning to light up. One might have thought that this was just what our hero wanted; for upon this dear space the snow, having room to spread itself, was much shallower and lighter, and there were no bushes here to impede his progress. But in reality poor Ivan was just entering upon the most dangerous portion of his whole Journey. Between the wood that he bad just quitted and that which he was about to enter lay a stretch of bare, treeless steppe, fully a mile in breadth, and this was the most perilous place of all; for whereas in the forest, had the wolves overtaken him there, he would have had nothing to do but scramble up a tree and be in safety, here he had no way of escape whatever. As might be expected, Markoff strained every muscle to get as quickly as possible across this place of peril into the shelter of the shadowy woods beyond him. But fortune was against him, for scarcely had he got half-way across the open ground, when the pursuing yell again broke forth behind him, louder and nearer than befoTe, and, glancing over his shoulder as he ran, the hunted man beheld several gaunt forms burst from the thickets on the edge of the wood that he had left and dart towards him as straight and swift as arrows. [to be concluded next week.] More than 1200 schoolmistresses in England raeeive less than £1 a week, though they are all certificated head mistresses, and 275 receive less than £40 a year, A. movement is now going on amongst the unions of the colony (says the Sydney Daily Telegraph) with the objeot of achieving what is known as the federation of labour. This it is proposed to bring about by the adoption of the unionist constitution which was formulated at the Ballarat Labour Congress in 1891. Already considerable advance has been made with the new system in the country districts, and the matter is now being taken up by the Trades and Labour Council of Sydney. A consultation on this Bubjeot took place on Saturday between the Shearers' Conferenee and a deputation from the Tradeß and Labour Council. It is possible that this latter body will shortly be abolished, and its place be taken by a Sydney district council. The aim is to form other district councils in the northern and southern colliery districts, and to federate these with the three country district oouncils which have been established by the bush unions. A provincial council, composed of representatives from the district councils, will then be formed as the head of unionism in Mew South Wales. A South Australian.paper publishes from a correspondent a letter which states:—" I never in my life before saw such poverty as now exists in San Francisco. The unemployed oan be numbered by hundreds. It got so bad for the poor men that the people of San Francisco held a mass meeting to endeavour to raise money to give them temporary relief. Up to the present time they have raided 40,000 dollars, and, of course, expect to get much more. A trust fund has been established, with capable and sympathetic managers , and all deserving men are given a ticket each, which guarantees them a certain number of days' work at 91 a day (4s. 2d.). Over 2000 tickets have already been given out. The men are pat to work in the park making drives, roads, &o.; They seem so glad and eager to get to work; and that there are very few shams amongst them is proved by the way almost everyone with a ticket has turned up to his work in the morning. Every evening they are paid, and so do not go hungry. It i* a very sad sight to see all these poor men waiting in line for the tickets, and awakens one's heartfelt sympathy." THE INTERCOLONIAL YACHT RACE, RAILED AT CLEVELAND ON 17th MARCH. [From instantaneous photographs by D. Mactaggart. 