? . CLARENCE/ . ' — -a . BY BRET HARTE. Ciiaftbb' I. (Continued). .Brit fast as Clarence might ride the words lingered in his sirs. He saw through the man's hesitation— he, too, had probably beard that Clarence Brant weaklv svmnatbiaed with bis wife's sentiments— and dared -riot sp«k fully. Aud he understood .'the opwardly suggestion tliat there was no., real- danger." It had been ClarSnce'a one fallacy. Ho had believed ths publio excite ment was only a temporary outbreak of partisan feeling — soon to subside. ' Even now he wee eonsoious tliat he was lass doubtful of the in- tegrity of the Union than -of his. own household. It was not the devotion of the patriot, but tho indignation of an outraged husband, that was spurring him on. . lfe know that if he reached Woodville by 5 o'oloek he could get ferried across the bay to the Einhurcadroo, and oatoh tbe down ooacll to Fuio plain i, whence he could ride to tbe Raneiio. As the conch did not cooiicob directly with San Francisco, tlio chanoo of his surprising them was greater. Otico clear of tbe city outskirts, lie bullied "Redskin" into irasoible speed, and plunged into the rainy darkness of the high road. Tha way was familiar. For a while ho was content to feel the buffeting, oausod by hia rapid pnee, of wind and rain against his depressed head nnd shoulders, in a sheer Vote! sense of opposition and power, or to relieve his pent up excitement by dashing through oyorflowod gullies in the road or across the quaggy sodden edges of meadow land, until ho had controlled Redskin's rebellious extravaganco into a long steady stride. Then ha raised his head and straightened himsolf in .tile saddle — to think. But to no purpose. He had no plan ; everything would depend upon tbe situation ; the thought of forestalling any action of tho oonspirators by warning or calling in tho aid of ths authorities for an instant orossad his mind; but was as instantly dismissed. He had but an instinat — to sou with his own eyes what his reason told him. was true. Day waa breaking through drifting sand and pewter-colored clouds as he reached Woodvillo ferry,' chequered with splashes of tho soil and tho spume of his horse, from whose neok and flank the sweat rolled like lather. Yet 'he was not conscious how intent had been his purpose until he felt a sudden instinotive shook on seeing that the ferry boat was gune. For an instant his wonderful self- possession abandoned bim — he couhl only gaze vacantly at tho leaden oolored bay without a thought or expedioot. But in another momoat lie saw that the boat was returning oared from tbe distanoa. Had be lost his ouly ohanoe 2 He glanced kurriodly at his watch ; he had oome quioker than ha imagined ; there still will bo time. He bockoued impatiently to the ferry man. Tho boat— a ship's pinnace, with two men in it— orept in with exasperating slowness. At laHt the two rowers sullenly leaped aehore. "Ye might have come before with the other passenger. We don't reokon to run lightnin' trips on this ferry." But Clarence was himself again, "Twenty dollars for two more oars in that boat," he said quietly, "and fifty if you get ma over in time to oatoh the down stage." The men glanced at Clarence's eye's. " Run up and rouse out Jako and Sam," be said to the 'other boatman ; then more leisurely, gazing at his cuatomor's travol-stained equipment, he said, " There must have ! been a heap o' passen gers got left by last night's boat, You're the second mnn -that took this route, in a hurry." - At any other time the coincidence might have struck Claranoe. But ho only answered curtly, "Unless we are under way in 10 minutes, you will find I am not the' second man— and that our bargain's off." But here two men emerged from the shaaty beside the ferry houso, and tumbled sleepily itito the boat. Olarenoo seized an extra: pair of aoulla that wars standing against tha shied, and threw tbam into the stern, "I don't mind taking a ihaud inysolf for oxerclss," ho said quiotly. ; Tho lerryman glancod again at Ciarenoe's travel worn figure and determined eyes with mingled approvsl'and surprise: - He lingered a moment with his oars lifted, looking. at his pas senger. "It aiu't , no business o' mine, -.young mail," ho said deliberately,', "hut I reokon you understand me whon 1 say that I've just taken another man over there." " "I do," said Clarence impatiently. " And you still want to go "Certainly," said Clarence, with a oold stare, taking up his oars. - . The man shrugged hia shoulders, bent himself for tho stroke and- the boat sprang forward. Tho others rowed strongly and rapidly, ths tough ashen blades springing like steel from the water, the hsavy boat seeming to leap in suo- oossivo bounds, until. they were fairly beyond tbo coming inshore Current and lolsaring the plaoid misty surface of the bay. Oiarenee did not apeak, but -bent abstractedly on his oar, the ferryman and his crew rowed ' in equal panting silenoe, a -few startled dueka whirred before them, but dropped again' 'to rset. In half an hour they , were at the. Erabusoadrco, Tlio time was fairly up. ' Clarence's .eyes were eagerly bent- for the first appearance of the tage coach around the little promontory ; the ferryman was as eagerly scanning the bare empty street of tho still Bleeping settle1 mailt. "I don't see him anywhere," said the ferry man with a glanoe, . half of astonishment arid half of ouriosity, at his solitary passenger. "See whom ? " said Clarence, carelessly, nt he handed the man his promised fee. ' " The other man I ferried over to oatoh tha stage. He must havo gone on without waiting. You're in luok, young fellow ! " "1 don't understand you," said Clarence, impatiently. ""What baa your previous pas- soDger to do with me!" " Well I reckou you know best. He's the kind of man ginrally speaking, that other men, in a powerful hurry, don't oare to meet, an az a rule I don't /oUer arter. It's ginrally tho other way." "Wha(; do your mean?" said Olarenoe sternly. " Who are you speaking of ?' " The Chief of Police of San FraDolsco 1" Chapter II. Tho laugh that instinotlvely--broko from Clarence's lips was so sinesro and unaffected that tho man was disconcerted, and at last joined in it, alittlosiiamcfacedly. The grotesque blunder of being taken, as a fugitive' from jus. tico relieved Clarence's mind from its aouteten-. sion— howasmomuntarilydivortcd.andit wasnot until the boatman had depnrted and ho was again alone that it seemed to have any. oollateral significance. Thon an uneasy recolloction of Susy's threat that she had the power to put his wife in Fort Alcatruz came aoross him. Could slio have already warned the municipal authorities, and this man ? But lie quickly remembered any action from suoh a warning oould only have been taken by tbe -United States marshal and not by a civio official, and dismissed the idea. - Nevertheless when the stage, rgjth its half spent lamps atill burning dimly against the morning light, awept rouiid the curve arid rolled heavily up to tbo rude sbabty which served aa ooaoh office, lie beoame watohfuL A single yawning individual in its doorway reoeived a few letters and parcels, but Clarence was evidently the only waiting passenger. . Any hope that he might have entertained that his mysterious predecessor would emerge from some, ceoiusion at that moment was dis. appoiatsd. As he entered the coach he made a rapid surrey of his fsllow travellers, but satis fied himself that ths stranger was not among thom. They, "were: mainly small traders or farmers, a miner or' ; two, and apparently a 'Spanish' American of better degree and per sonality. Fossibly .tba' oiroumstsrioss tbat.msn of this alass usually pre for red to travel on horss- baok and were rarely seen in publio conveyances attracted his attention, aod their eyes met, more than onoe, iu mutual' curiosity." Presently' Clareuca Addressed a remark to him in Spanish; he replied fluently 'arid -courteously, but at the next stopping place lie askad a question of the expressman in an unmistakable Missorirl aooerit. ' .Clarence's curiosity was satisfied 1 ho- was evi dently one of thoso early American settlers who .'hail been so long deiriiolUd in Southern, Cali- fornia as to adopt ths ipceeh as well as the habiliments of the Spaniard. The conversation fcll.on the political news of the previous night; or rather cecmod to be lazily continued from some previous more ex- cited dicoussion, in which ona of tbo contest ants, a red bearded minor, bad subsidrd into an occasional" growl of surly dissent. It struck Clarence that the - Missourisn had been an amused auditor, and even, judging from a twinkle, in his eye, a miacliiovoui instigator, of tho controversy. Ho w»b not surprised there fore when the man turned to bim with a cortain -courtesy and said, "And what, sir, is tbo poli- tioal fcoling in your district?" But Clarence Was iu rib need to bo drawn, and replied almost curtly thnt as he had only come from San Francisco, tlisy were probably as well informed on that subjeot as himself. A quick nnd searching glance from the stranger's cya made him rejeot it, but in the silence that ensued the red bearded passenger, evidently still rankling at heart, saw hie opportunity. Slapping hit huge hands on his knees, and leaning far forward until he seamed to plunge his flaming beard — like a' firebrand — into, the controversy, ho said grimly : "Woll, I lcin tell you, gonT'meri thii/ It ain't goin' to be no matter wots the political feeling here or there ; it ain't goin' to be no matter wot'e State's rights and wot's Ecd'ral rights; it ain't goiri' to bs no question whether tbo Gov'ment's got tbe right to relieve its own soldiers that those Soceah ia besicgin' In Fort Sumter or whether they haven't ; but the first gur, Cufbl'i Sied ut tiie ring biows tbe obains otr every d m nigger south of the Mason and Dixon's line! You hear me? I'm sboutin' ! And whether you call yourselves "Ssossli" or "Union," or " Copper Head " or "Peace Mon," you got to fsoc it I" There was aa angry start in one or two of the scats, one man eaught at the swinging side strap and half rose, a husky voice began "It's a d— — d " and then all as suddenly subsided. Every eye was turned to nn insignificant figure in the baok seat. It was a women, holding a ehild on her lap and gazing out of tho window with her sex's pro found- unconocrn in politics. Clarence understood the rude oliivalry of the road well cnough'to comprehend that thiH unconacious bat omnipotent figure had, more than - onct that day, controlled the paesions of the disputants. They dropped back weakly to their seats and their mutterings rolled off in the rattle of tbe wheals,- Clarence glanced at the Missourian, He was regarding the red bearded miner with a singular ouriosity. Tho rain. iad ceased, but the afternoon shadows were deepening when they at last reaohed Fair Plains, wbeneeClaronce expeoted to prooeed to tho Ranobo. Ho was astonished, however, to learn that ali tbe boraee in the stable were engaged, but remembering that some of hie own stock wero in pasturago with a tenant at Fair Plains, and that be should probably hava a better soieotion, ho' turned his steps thither. Passing out of the stable yard he recognised the Misiourian's- voico in whispered conversation with the proprietor, but tho two men withdrew, into the shadow as he approached. An ill-defined uneaiinese oame over him ; he knew the proprietor, who also seemed to know the Biissourian, and the evident avoidance of him wae significant. Perhaps his reputation as a doubtful unionist had preceded him, but this would not account for their conduct in a district so strongly southern in sympathy as Fair Plaint. More impressed by the oeaurrenoe than he eared to admit, when at last, after Borne delay, he had securod his horse, and wae ones moro iu the eaddit, lie kopt a eharp lookout for his quondam companion. But here another eircumstanos added- to his suspicions; there was a main road loading to Santa Inez, the next town, and the Ranoho, and tliia Clarence had purposely taken! In order to watoh the Missourian; but there was a' cut off direotly to the Rancho, known only to the habituris of the Rauoho. After a few minutes' rapid riding on a mustang much superior to any in the hotel stables he was satisfied that tiie stranger must have taken the out off. Putting spurs to his horse, he trusted still to precede him to the Ranoho, if that was hia destina tion. Aa he dartod along the familiar road, by a strange perversity of fanoy, instead of think ing of hia purpose, ho found himself , reoalling the first tlmo ho had' ridden that'way in the flush of his youth and hopefulness. The girl- sweetheart he was then going to rejoin was now ths wife of another; the woman who had been her guardian was now his own wife. Ho had acaepted without a pang the young girl's dereliotiou, but it was through her revelation that he was now about to confront the dereliction of his own wife. And this was the reward rit hia youthful trust aud loyalty 1 A bitter laugh broke from his lips.- It waa part of his still youthful self delusion that he believed himself wiser and. Btronger for it. It was quite dark when he reaohed the upper field or first terrace of tho Ranoho. He oould eee the whito rolls of ths easa rising dimly out of ths grseu sea of early wild grasses, like a phantom island. Itwae here that the "out off" joined tho main road; now the only one that led to the easa. He was satisfied that no one eould have prsosded him from Fair Plains, but it was true that he must make praeautions against his own discovery. Dismounting near a olump of wil lows, he unsaddled and unbridled his horse, and with a out of tho viola over its haunohes sent it flying aoross the field in the direction of a band of feeding mustangs, which it presently joined. Then keeping well in the abadows ot a belt of sorub oaks he skirted the long lesser terrace of the easa, intending . to . ap proach the house by way of tho old gardsn and corral.' A drizzling rain occasionally driven by the wind into long misty ourtnin-like waves obscured the prospeot, and favored bis design. He reached tho low adobo wall of the corral in safety ; looking, over he could deteet, in spite of the darkness, that a number of tho horses wore of alien brands, and evon rccogDised ono or two from the Santa Inez distriot. The vague outlinos of buggies and carryalls filled the long shed besids tbe stables, Thero was company at tho asa—so far Susy was right 1 Nevertheless, still lingering by the wall of the old garden for tha deepening of night, his nervous feverishntss was again invaded and benumbed by sullen memorios. There was the opening left by the old grille in the wall, behind whioh, on the morning when he thought hewas leaving the ranoh for ever, he had first clasped Mrs. Peyton in his arms— and had stoyed. A turn of the hoad, a moment's indoeision, a single glanoe of a languorous eye, had brought thla culmination. And now he stood again before that ruined grille, his house and lauds, oven his name, misused by a mad scheming adventuress, and himself a creeping spy of his own dishonor. , He turned with, a bitter smile again to tho garden. A few dark red Castiltan roses still leansd forward and swayed in the wind with dripping leaves. It was here that the first morning of his arrival ho liad- kisssd Susy ; the perfume and oolor of her pink kin oame buck to him with a sudden shook as he stood there ; lie eaught at the flower, drew it towards him and inhaled its odor iu a long breath that left him faint and leaning against the wall. Then ho smiled, but this time more wickedly- in what he believed was the springing up of the first instinet of revenge. It was now dark enough for liim to venture aoross the carriage road, and make his way to tue rear of tbe houis. His first oharae- tcristio inetinct had been to enter openly Vt hie own front gate, but tho terrible tempta tion to overhear and watoh tho oonspiraoy -unobserved — that fasaination common to deceived humanity to witnoss its own shame— had grown upon him. He know tliat a word or gesture ' of explanation, apology, appeal or oven terror ' from his wife would eheok his rage nnd weaken hia purpose.: His perfect knowlodgo of the h'ouBe, and the seourity of its inmates, would enable him from some obsouro lauding or gallery to participate in any aeorot conolavo they might hold in tho patio — the only place suitablo for so numerous a rendezvous. Tho abacuoe of light in tho few external windows pointed, to this central gathering. And he had alreridy conceived his plan of ontrance. Gaining tho roar wall of the easa, he began cautiously to skirt its brnmbly base; until he had reaohed a long oven- like window half obliterated by a monstrous- passion vine. It- was the window of what had onoe been Mrs. Peyton's boudoir ; tbs window by whioh be bad once found an entrance to 'the bouse when it was in tho hands of- squatters, the window from which Susy had sig nalled her Spanish lovsr, tbo window Whoso grating had broken the neck of Judgo Feyton's presumed assassin. - But these recol lections no longor delayed him : the moment for notion had arrived. He' knew that sinoe the tragedy the boudoir had boen dis mantled and shunned ; the servants believed it to be haunted by ths assassin's ghost. With the aid of the passion vine tho ingress was easy ; the interior window was open ; tho rustle of dark leaves on tho btro floor as he entered and tho whirr of a frightened bird by his etr told ths story of its desolation and the source of the strange noises that had been heard thsre. The door leading to the oorridbr was lightly bolted merely to koep it from rattling in tho' wind; slipping tbs bolt with tho blade of bis pocket knife he peered into the dark passage. The light streaming under a door to the left arid the sound of voices convinced him that his eonjeoture wae right, and tho meeting was gathered on the broad balconies around the patio. He knew that a narrow gal- lory, faced with Venetian blinds to exclude tbe sun, looked down upon them. He managed to gain it without disoovery. Luckily the blinds were still down. Between their slats, himself invisible, he eould hear and see everything that occurred. , Yet even at this supreme moment tbo first thing that struok him was tho almoat ludicrous uuu bract uatwoeu cue appearance ot the meeting nnd its tremendous object. Whether he was influenced by. any 'previous boyish conception of a cloudy and gloomy oonspiraoy he did not know, but ho was for an instant almost dis concerted by the apparent levity and festivity of the ' . oonolavo. ' Deeanters and glasses stood on small' tables before' them; nearly all were drinking and smoking. They com prised 15 or 20 men, some whose faces were familiar to him elsewhere, as Southern poll- ticians, a fsw he was shocked to sec wore well known Northern democrats. Occupying a characteristically , central position was the famous Colonel Starbotble, of Virginia. Jaunty and youthful looking in bis mask like, beardless face, expressive and dignified in bii middle aged port and carriage, he alone retained some thing of the importance — albeit slightly theatri cal and affected — of the occasion. Clarence in his first hurried glanoe had not observed his wife, nnd for a moment had felt relieved. But as Colonel'StHrbottlo arose at that'moment arid with a studiously chivalrous and courtly manner turned to his right, hs saw that she was sitting at the further end of the balcohy, and that a man, whom he recognised as Captain Pinckney, was standing beside her. The blood quickly tightened around his heart, but left him cold and observant. It was seldom indeed, remarked Colonel Star- bottle, placing hia fat white fingers in tha frill of his shift front, that a' movement like this was graced with the eotual presence of a lofty, inspiring, yet delicate spirit— a Boadicea— indeed lie might say. a Joan - of- Aro — in the person of their charming hostsss, Mrs. Brandt 1 Not only were they favored by her social and hospitable ministration, but by her active and enthusiastic co-operation in the glorious work thoy had in hand. It was through her correspondence and earnest advooaoy that ' they wsre to be favored to-night with the aid and counsel of one of the most distinguished and powerful men in the southern district ot California, Judge Boe- swingor, of Los Aryotss.- ' -He had not the liouor of that gontleman's personal acquaintance ; he believed ho was not far wrong in saying that this was also- the misfortune of every gcntlomsn prssent, but the name itself was a tower of strength. He would go further and say that Mrs. Brant herself was personally unac quainted with him, brit it was through tbe fervor, poetry, grace end genius of hor corres pondence with that gsntlctnan that tiny won to have tbe honor of bis presence that very evening. It was understood that advioes had beon raeeived of his departure, and that ha might be expected at Robies at. any moment. "But what proof have we of Judge Bees- winger's soundness?" said n lazy Southern voioe at the conclusion of Colonel Starbottle's periods. "Nobody hero seems to know him by sight; is it not risky to admit a inan to our meeting, whom wa nre unable to identify ?" " I reckon'nobody but a fool or' some prying mud-sill of a Yankee would trust his skin here," roturnsd another, "and if he did we'd know what to do with him." But Clarence's attention was riveted ou his wife, aud tha significant speech passed him as unheeded as had tho colonel's rliutoric. She was looking very handsome and slightly flushed, with a proud light in hsr ayes that hs had never seen before- Absorbed in the discussion, she aaemad to be paying little attention to Captain Pinckney, as sha rose suddenly to her feet. "Judgo Beeswinger will ba attended hore by Mr. M'Niel, of the Fair Plains Hotel, who will vouch for him and introduce him," sho said in a alear voice,, whioh rang with an impsriousness that Clarenoe well remembered. "Tho judge was to arrive by the coach from Martinez to Fair Plains, -and is dius now." . "But is there no gentleman to introduce him? Must we take liim on the word of a common trader— by Jovo— a whisky selior," continued tho previous voice snesringly. "On the word of n lady— Mr. Brooks," said Captain Pinokney witii a slight gesture towards Mrs. Brant — "who answers for both." Clarence had started slightly at his wife's voioe and the information it conveyed. His fellow passenger and the confidant of M'Niel was tho man they wero axpacting. If they had rooognisod liim, Olarenoa, would thay not warn the company of his proximity ? He held his breath as the sound of voices camo from the outer gate of the courtyard. Mrs. Brant rosq, but at tho samo moment the gate swung open nnd a man entered. It was the Missourian. He turned with an old fashioned courtesy to the single woman standing . on the balcony. "My fair correspondent, I bolieve 1 I am Judgo Beeswinger. ' Your agent M'Niel passed me through your guards at the gate ; but I did not deem it advisable to bring him into this assembly of gentlemen without your further consideration. I trust I was right !" The quiet dignity and solf-possession, the quaint, old fashiorisd colonial precision of speech, modified by a soft Virginian intonation. nnd, nbove all, some singular individuality iu the man himself, produced a profouud sensa tion, and seemed to suddenly give the gathering an imprsssivenets it had lacked before. For an instaut Clarenoe forgot himself and his personal wrongs in the shook of indignation lie fslt at this potent addition to the ranks of his enemies. He saw his wife's eyes sparkle .with pride over hsr acquisition ; nnd noticed that Pinckney oast a disturbed glanee at tbe new comer. The stranger ascended the few stops to ths balcony and took Mrs. Brant's hand with pro found courtesy " Introduce me to my ool- leagues— distinctly and separately. It behoves a man at such a moment, to know to whom bs entrusts his life and honor aud the life and honor of his cause." It was evidently no mere formal oourtosy of tho stranger. Ashe stepped forward along tho balcony, nnd under Mrs. Brant's graaeful guid ance was introduced to eaoh of the mem bers, ho not only listened with scrupul ous oare and attention to tho nnrno and profession of each man, but bent upon him a clear, searching glance, that seemed to photograph him in his memory. Wjth two exceptions. He passed Colonel Star- bottle's expanding shirt frill with a bow of ela borate precision, and said " Colonel Starbottle's fame requires neither introduction nor explana tion." He stopped beforo Captain Pinokney and paused : ' "An officer of the United States army, I belitvo, sir?" , ."Yes." . 'f'Eduoated at "West Point, I think, by the Government, to whom you havo taken tho oath- of allegiance?" "Yes." " Very good, sir," said the stranger, turning away. "You have forgotten one othet fact, sir," said Pinokney, with a slightly supercilious air." "Indeed. What Is it." "Iam, first of all, a native of tbe State of South Carolina I" A murmur of applause and approval ran round ths baloony. Captain Pinokney smiled Slid exchanged glances with Mrs. Brent, but the stranger quietly returned to the central table besids Colonel Stsr- bottle. "I em not only an uuexpsotsd delegate to this angnst assembly, gentle men," lie began gravely, " bnt I am the bearor of perhaps equally unaxpeoted news. By my position in the' Southern distrlet I am in pos-' session of dsspatehss received only this morning by pony express. Fort Sumpter has been bo- sieged. The United States flag carrying rolief to the bclengurod garrison has been fired upon by the Ststo of South Carolina." A burst -of almost hysteria applause and enthusiasm broke from the assembly and made tlio dim vault-like passages nnd corridors of the easa ring. Cbeor after cheer rent up to the veiled gallery and the misty sky beyond ; men mounted on the tables and waved their hands frantioaily, and in the midst of this bowildsr- ing turbulonoe of sound and motion Clarence saw his wife, mounted on a chair, with burning cheeks and flashing eyes, waving hsr handkerchief like an inspired priestess. Only the stranger, still standing be sids Colonel Starbottle, remained unmoved and impassive. Then with an imperative gesture be demanded n sudden silence. ' " Convincing and unanimous as this demon stration is, gentlemen," ho began, quietly, it is my duty, nevertheless, to ask you if you have seriously considered tho meaning of tho news I haTe brought. It is my duty to toll you that it means civil war. It means ths clash of arms between two seotions of a mighty eount'ry, it means the disruption of friends, ths breaking of family ties, tlio separation of fathers and sons, of brothers and sisters — even perhaps to tho disseverment of husband and wifo !" " It means the sovereignty of the South— arid the breaking of a covenant with low-born: traders aud abolitionists," said Captain Pinck ney. "If there nre any gentlemen present," con tinued the stranger without hoeding the inter ruption, " who have pledged this State to tlio support of the Bouth in this emergency, or to tbe establishment of a Paoiflo Republic in aid and sympathy witii it, whose names are on this paper" — lie lifted a shest of paper lying before Colouel Staibettle — "but who now foel that the gravity of the news' demands a moro serious consideration of the purpose, they are at liherty to withdraw from the meeting— giving their honor as Southorn gentlemen to keep tho secret intact." "Not if I know it," interrupted a stalwart Kentuckian, as he rose to his fset and strode down tho steps to tho patio. "For," he added, placing his back against the gateway, "I'll hoot ths first coward that backs out now." A roar of laughter and approval followed, but was ailenoed again by tlie quiet unimpassioncd voioe of the stranger. " If on the other baud," he went on calmly, "you all feel that this news is the fitting culmination and consecration ot the hopes, wishes and plans of this meeting, yon will assert it again, on your own signatures, to Colonel Starbottle at this table." t To be continued.) 