COLLEGE JACK. (Copyright.) V " c - & 'REMARKABLE, YET THUS STORY of the Penal Records of Van Dleman's Land. By CAPTAIJV LA CIE , , " CHAPTER XII; ' " How you must have suffered, Tar- ieton f'said Dr. Ransome, in a sym pathetic tone. "Suffered! Yes. Yet my agony on the ocean, perishing with thirst with water all around — dying in a solitude ; which was awful, 1 tell you — amidst all that, my sufferings were not as great . .as during my bondage on the island. If I had my choice to-day I would take the former. I don't wonder now why convicts commit suicide or some mortal crime in order to get hanged. If I have to give myself up to the authori ties and escape the scaffold, I will surely do one or the other — kill myself or someone else," said the convict in a lugubrious tone, calculated to inspire sympathy. . ; The fact was John Tarleton saw a .chance of permanently regaining his liberty. His friend, Dr. Ransome, 'Strange to. say, had a high opinion of jhim, and, notwithstanding the damning evidence which was adduced at his (friend's murder trial, Ransome would i. nat believe in his guilt. To the last he r fought for him, and he was one of the '| influential friends who assisted to save him from the gallows. > By trading on this genuine friendship and a liberal percentage of lies, the ;«nore than double-dyed murderer hoped ,to be able to leave not only Van Die- ! man's Land but the British Empire it self, and live in safety in some far off (land. He was throwing his last card, land if he lost it his ' life was to be the forfeit. i " You want me to help you, of course," began the doctor, musingly, " and you well know I will if it is .possible. There is no doubt it will be ia matter of the utmost difficulty. If it .were not for the confounded gaping .passengers I could easily, see my way, VThey will talk about your rescue when Hobart Town is reached as if it were the only incident which occurred on the voyage, and everyone will be striv ing to see you. Gut of courtesy the officials could not be denied, though the public could — and yet it is the former whom you most fear. . With a discreet crew there, would not be so much trouble, especially if the captain worked with us, as he .will, I am. sure, in this case." .. " Do you think he will?" interrupted the outlaw, eagerly. " I am. sure of it. Wetherall and I are old friends — and, besides, there is a chapter in the history of his family re garding transportation which will- cause him to look with a friendly eye on you when I explain the position. But even with his aid how can the job be done. Can you not think of any way out of the trouble ?" concluded Doctor Ran some. " I may in an hour or two. So far my brain has been in a whirl, and I could not put two thoughts together. Would it not be as well to spqak to the captain first and tell him the truth ? Of course I did not tell him what were really the facts when he spoke. I didn't know then you were on the ves sel. Will you tell him all, and perhaps he will have a plan, if he is willing to aid me in this awful plight ?" the fugi- live answered. After a few minutes' reflection the doctor agreed it would be best to fcjke the skipper into his confidence, and he undertook to tell him the whole story and give the convict's history as well. Tor that purpose he sought' out Wether all and soon plunged into the subject. The captain was surprised, though, not astonished, for he had a lurking sus picion of the truth. There was a chapter, too, in his own family history, as the doctor had said, which made him tolerant of escaped convicts. A favorite brother had gone wrong— at least he was transported, and men were sometimes sent to penal servitude who had done no wrong — and in an attempt to escape he had been killed. It was whispered at the time that Captain "Wetherall was not altogether uncon cerned in the affair. When the medical (officer had concluded his narrative ' the 'skipper said ; | " You can rely on me, Ransome. If lit is possible to aid your friend I will do >60 ; but how it can be done does not seem, clear just at present, I'll be; down Jin the cabin in an hour." | At the appointed time the three men . 'met as agreed on, and they at oncp be- V , gan discussing the pros and cons of the knotty question, For a time none of ithem could decide on anything which would avail the fugitive. I "There is no place at which I could drop you for a couple of weeks and ipick you up on the return. Tasman's .Peninsula is the only point I go near, . /|and that would be the last place on (earth to put you— even if I were able to Idoso. I can depend on a portion of jthe crew at least, but the passengers . ' land two or three of the hands I would jnot trust. I have been pestered with enquiries all day from the passengers about you. They are all anxious to see (you, but I said you were not well (enough to come on deck." : "When they speak to you again, (captain," interrupted the doctor, "say ' lour patient is delirious. I will tell them the same, arid they will not be so 'importunate to see him. That will be rour best plan." "Yes. I will say that— and by-the- bye I have an, idea which may work. The thought of delirium has put it into my head. . Our friend will have to be (lost again," spoke Wetherall. " Lost!" interjected Ransome, ex citedly.' ' " Yes, don't you see ! In his delirium he must jump overboard during the night. There will be a deuce of a com motion, and I'll make a pretext of sav ing him if the sea is not too rough. He must then remain a close prisoner in the cabin, and we will take him back with us to Melbourne, or if not there to Sydney where we can easily smuggle him on shore. In fact it must be done to-night as we will be at Hobart Town within twenty-four hours if all goes well,' explained the captain. " How will it be worked, Wetherall ? Must there not be someone to give the alarm, and how can it be done? I don't quite see my way in the matter," queried the doctor. A " Easily enough. We will both be on deck, and at the proper moment I will throw a plank or some other suitable object over and take care that one of the men hears the splash. I will run aft and ask if there was not a splash, and of course he will say yes. Then you — ah, by-the-bye, you must be down in the cabin at the time, and just after the alarm, or when the man and myself are looking over the side, you rush up and say your patient is not. in the cabin. 'Man overboardlt of course will be the cry. I will lower a boat if the sea is smooth enough, and the whole thing will be done. I suppose you have told all enquirers, as I have, that the poor fellow we rescued came from the Fort Phillip district," remarked Captain Wetherall. "Yes. I must have given that in formation to a dozen or more, and everyone on board: knows it by this time. It will throw off suspicion to a considerable extent no doubt, and the delirium story should complete it. Y ou have hit upon a most feasible plan, captain, and I suppose we will have no difficulty in keeping Tarleton here with out the fact being discovered ?" queried the doctor. " Why should we ? Only yourself and I will have access to the cabin, and every time we leave it we must lock the door and take the key with us. The matter of food can easily be arranged between us. I .am master here and can do as I please. Besides, the con finement will not be irksome to a man who wants a long rest like our friend It will do him good. At Hobart Town we may be able to give bim an occa sional outing during an evening, so that in four or five days from now he can count on having a walk by moonlight Come on deck and I will arrange the signal with you, and let us spread the delirium ' business,' " added the captain in a gleeful way, for he felt quite inter ested in the work he was about to undertake. Indeed he considered it was a most meritorious act which, if not rewarded in this world, would be in the next. . He had heard and seen so much in connection with the horrors of con victism that nothing . would deter him from stretching out a helping hand to a bondsman if it came in his way to do it. Being a law-abiding man himself he would not make any direct attack on the "system," but, as in the present case, without seeking for the job, he was able to do a service for a bondsman, then he was just the person to depend upon. .- ... When the two men had left the cabin John .Tarleton paced the floor, and there was a look of malignant triumph on his face. "What a blessing it was I didn't bring that mad girl along ! It wouldn't have been possible to conceal both of us, and it would be more than strange if we both jumped over the side of the vessel. Ha ! ha 1 the old skipper is a cute fellow and no "mistake, though I should thank him for the interest he is displaying in ma And Tom Ransdme, too, turned up trumps jugt as I expected. He was always a bit of a fool ; but he serves my purpose. I will try and in duce the captain to land me at Mel bourne I don't like the idea of Sydney. I know too much about convicts and their careers there. He'll be able to get enough cargo for Port Phillip— and besides it will shorten my imprisonment by a week or two. That is a considers tion. I wonder what they will say if they make enquiries and find out what Jack Tarleton has really done ? Well," and the; fellow sat down and mused, "they will not be able to do anything. Once I am dead it will not do to resur rect me. I have them any way they turn, and after to-night they must stick to me through thick and thin. I'll not be ungrateful at all events. What luck I had, to be sure, to fall in with this vessel 1 Never dreamt Tom Ransome was at this side of the earth at alL He must have come out immediately after I did;' There was a little difference though in our . mode of coming. It's all in a lifetime, I suppose." In this way the convict muttered to himself throughout the day, his self communings being only broken by the entrance of the captain or the doctor. The latter came frequently, for it was understood his patient wa6 in a fever and delirious,' so he required close at tention. When night fell the ship was just rounding Tasman's Peninsula and under a favorable breeze. The captain stood close in to the small island at the south of Cape Pillar. Had it been daylight he would have ventured be tween the two, but with a sailing vessel and. in the gloom of night the passage was too risky, especially as there was no great reason for hurrying. The guant outlines of Cape Pillar could be seen to the north-west as the sun went down, and the rugged island lay just abeam. By eleven o'clock the skipper thought they would be well under the shelter of the headland, and about that time he would make the at tempt to figuratively kill his guest. As the nifdit advanced a slight mist settled over the sea, and this soon drove the passengers below. The weather was becoming thick -and soon an intense darkness settled upon the ocean. "It is all the better," he told the doctor, in confidence, "as it will pre vent all the trouble and danger of launching a boat to attempt rescue. I would not order one to be lowered on a night like this, and if I did the men would refuse to man it, and rightly, too." If the night had been clear and bright it would have been his duty to lower a boat in the event of a man fall ing or jumping overboard, but in bad weather he would not do so. Besides, in the case of the stranger whom he had just rescued, he would not be justi fied in jeopardising the lives of his crew in the endeavor to save a madman, So he argued, and it made his position more easy. Dr. Ransome was in the cabin talk ing to his patient shortly after eleven o'clock, when he heard two distinct knocks over head and he knew their import. Going out he locked the cabin door, and, running up the ladder, was at Captain Wetherall's side in less than a minute. . " My unfortunate patient is not in the cabin, captain. I left him for a few minutes just now and when I returned he was gone. Will you cause a search to be made, as in his state of mind he may harm himself !" he cried. " Missing !" exclaimed the captain. " Then we are not mistaken, Bill. That splash we heard meant a man over board. Give the alarm! Ho! all hands here!" and Wetherall gave a stentorian shout which 'brought the second officer and half-a-dozen seamen, in addition to a couple of hardy pas sengers, who were braving the weather, to his side. " There is a man overboard, lads, but I don't like to order you to man a boat. Will any volunteer (or the duty ?" " Who is it ?" came the query. " The poor fellow we picked up yes terday. In .his delirium he escaped from the cabin and jumped overboard. Bill and I heard a splash, but we could not make out what it meant until the doctor came up and told us the man was missing," glibly answered the cap tain. " Well, sir, I'd volunteer in a moment if I thought it was any use, but on a night like this there wouldn't be the ghost of a chance of saving the man and very likely we might get lost, too," returned one of the sailors. His opinion was echoed by the others, and the second mate also urged the futi lity of attempting a rescue. " We are making good way, sir, and he must be a long way astern by this time," he re marked. " Well, understand I didn't think of ordering you to lower a boat, for on such a night as this I wouldn't do so. If any pleased to volunteer and try a rescue I would not have stood in the way, though it is most improbable you would have succeeded. Perhaps it is as well the poor fellow is gone as the doctor says he might never regain his right senses again," returned the skipper in a solemn tone. He would have been mad to the latest day of his life, and, unless he was watched night and day unremit tingly, his life would have been a short one as he had most pronounced suicidal tendencies. I didn't leave him for five minutes this evening but once, and that was when he escaped. A life of that sort would not be a pleasant existence, and could only be spent in a lunatic asylum. As the captain says, it may be a merciful release after all," added the doctor. It was wonderful how two otherwise estimable and respectable gentlemen like Ransome and Wetherall could manufacture lies in their desire to aid a ruffian like Tarleton. . True they did not know the full extent of his iniquities, and that must be their excuse for the sins' of commission of which they were guilty. After all thev sinned with a good' intention, and Hades was richer by several slabs in its paving. When morning dawned the barque, "Juno," was heading towards the north west and entering. Storm Bay on the run to the Derwent. Small groups of passengers and sailors discussed the tragfedy of the previous night, and there were not a few who avowed they saw suicide stamped on the lost man's face when he was drawn up out of the crazy boat in whjch he was found. "The seal of death was upon him," remarked one superstitious woman, devoutly crossing herself, "and when you see that it is only a matter of a few days when the spirit goes." She did not take the trouble to ex plain what the "seal of death" was, or how it could be recognised, but that was only a trifling omission not worth bothering about. Nearly everyone on board were immensely wise after the event, and it appeared they had all fore doomed the rescued man to an early and violent death. The captain and the doctor went amongst the passengers and gossiped with them regarding the sad event, and soon John Tarleton in the eyes and minds of those on the ship was as dead as Julius Csesnr. Quite a squabble, indeed, took place between a couple of passengers as to whether or not he was devoured by a shark within a certain time of the jump- irig overboard, and the captain was called on to decide the matter, which he did to the satisfaction of the man who contehded he must have been eaten by a shark. The skipper was of the same opinion, for he explained that the suicide, being almost naked when he went over the side, would quickly at tract a man-eater. -- A white body al ways does, and there are plenty of big sharks around T nsmijn s Peninsula, he concluded. Thus satisfactorily was John Tarleton disposed of. He was not only dead but eaten, and until the great day when the last trump shall sound he would be as nothing. Meanwhile the subject of all this ghastly gossip enjoyed himself in the captain's cabin. He really felt life was worth living, for being dead m the abstract lent an added charm to being alive in the concrete. All his debts for instance, both monetary and otherwise, must be wiped out now that he had dis appeared in the waters of the Southern Ocean, and to a man with such a load of sin and crime on his shoulders it was pleasing to think he could not be called on to pay the debt. >. (To be Continued.) 