[?] [?] 3r mivm. 1 cuapter III. Abont this timo Mm Vipont and her son received an invitation from tho Premier of tne colony to spend a few weckeat bis country residence on tne Biuo Mountains. As the hot worse, the invitation was accepted and pre paration wero made for the juurnoy. It was arranged that Dr M— should accompany my niutrcas and bur son, and during this visit Uuuking my services were less needed, I mus tered courage to ask lor a uunUi'a leave. Two ye«rB previous to my leaving Eugland wtu«urs v ipum, my sister uau iiiarrieu, hud with bur husband liud omiginled to Mel bourne. I had received several letters sinoe my arrival in byduoy, urging me to go over and soo them ; hut luiowiug tout Mrs Vipont aud her son ueeded toy servtous, 1 hnu re frained from asking tor a holiday. Xo my delight my request wus gruuled atonoo. They were to remain iu the mountains two months, and then start tor Tasmania, at which place 1 was to join them, iu«tead ot returning to New Uouih Wales. 1 lett for Melbourno that same ovonlug, per steamer, and duly arrivod at Bertha Terrace, Albert Park, at the end of tfarco days. My sister Gvrtrudo and husband received ino warmly, aud i wus soon on exouileut terms with tho children. Gertrude bad two girls and a boy, and when I saxr her sitting amongst them oboer- fat, haudsomo und tnatrouly, i decided that alter all inatrimooy was tho aatural stato for a woman, aud tho happiest, whatever uttrae- tions, adventure and independence might held oat to her. The house occupied by Edward Stirling, my brothein-law, was what is gencially termed in advertisements as a iomidutaohed villa, with garden front und rear, and twenty others to uiatob on eilhor side of the lino square in which it stands. If tho outsido prentiutcd a curious mixture ot the venous styles of architecture, the insidoof my sister' domiollo was replete with every comfort sad con- venienco. It quito justified Mr Stirling iu saying, "If tho villas are not rouiautio, thoy are at any rato euitod to tho wants of matter of fact colonial peoplo." My room was on the second floor, over tho smoking room, u cosy little ap«riiueut, with a cheerful French bedstead oovercd with bright chintz, a marble-topped Withstand, duohtuso dressiug'tahio, muslin uurtaius, and all tbo little luxuries of modern timos, whilst several protty chromo lithographs huug on the walls. " What a dear, obeorfuMooklog room, Gertrude," I flaid as I entcrod it. " Yes, sho replied, with rather a peculiar intonation of voioe. " 1 am glad you think so, Bertha. It has not beeu occupied for some time, but 1 have had the bed well aired, and tho houso is as dry us dry cuu bo— ulovo all in this hot weuthor. Ah, 1 daresay you will feol the heat, bat it is not so hot here as in Sydney." I was soon quite happy and comfortablo with my sister, and wheu X retired to bed that night slopt soundly till morning. I had a strange dream, however, whioh after a few hours of waking oame book to mo. I thought I was again m the New South Wales oapttal —In my own room, overlooking the bay. Professor Drayton stood besido my bod, and near him the tall form I had seen on tbe night of bis visit to Mrs Vipont. Oddly enough, this was tbo first time the circumstances af that ovening had oomo baok to ma. It loft an nuploaaaut sensation, which I tried in vain to abako off. A long day in Melbourne, however, tired me oat, and mado mo forgot it ere tho night rwurooj, sou u>«u wuvn govwug iuw uou did not remember it. The lust thing I re membered boforo falling asleep was my gaze resting on a boltlo placed on tbo mantelpiece, on whioh I saw written in large letters " POIfiON." Who could havo put that daugorou stuff there f I thought as 1 fell asleep. Was it not curolcsa to leave a battle containing u deadly fluid abont? 1 would <tak my sister to put it nuder look and key noxt day. Bui when I rose in the morning it was gouo, Perhaps tho maid who brought mu my early eup of tea had taken it away with her. At any rato I would mention it to my aister. When there wero hilurou about one couldn't be too carofal. When 1 mentioned tho matter to Gortrudo ebo appeared surprised, and replied that she bad no poison in her posses sion. The servant ateo denied liavJug any thing so dangerous in tho boui-o, and was quite indignant at the idea of such a thing. " You must havo dreamt it, Bertha," said my sister laughingly. " You any you ouly saw the bottle juatus you wsro falling asleep. " True," I assented, nnd then I remem bered, wlien searching on tho mautelpicco for a match, that If the bottlo had been ritere 1 must have notioed it- 1 was put out and began to feel very uncomfortable. Woe 1 going to fall ft viotim to the disorder of optical delusion or what ? laaid no moro on tho subject, but resolved to watch that night, aud ce if tbs mysterious phial would presout it self to myoyos again. I watchod that ntgbt and tho noxt, and tbo one following, then gave it up, content to be lieve that Gertrude was right; that I hud only dreamod a ourions orcam. My troubles were not over as I had anticipated. On tho sixth night I woko tuddunly, and then just in tho spot I bad boforo soon it stood the striugo bottlo. I raised myself to muko euro I was awake. I heard tho ruatlo of a gar ment near my bod, and the sound, &s; of a long drawn sigh. I fell baok with a shudder. What had I soon and beatd? Wero thoy only phantoms of my bewildered brain P 'J'bon 1 got up, turned the gas high — I always kept a small jetaliuhtat night— and examined tho room carefully. A mora unromniitio. nnghoutiy, ootmnonniacQ, comfortablo chamber could nut be imagined. Tbere waa no buttlo on tho mautelpiscu, nor anyone thoro. Whore was tho mystery ! 1 got into bed again and tried to sloop, but I oould not. Professor Drayton came to my mind, and his words kept ou re penting ihomflolvsa through my oxoited brain — 1 "Thb young lady is what I cull u eenri. live/' I did not mention what I had hoard and soon, though 1 was bantered by Gortrudo and hor husband relative to my pale looks and tho mysterious phial. Indoed it was perhaps for tunate that I kept my own counsel, iuusmuoh OB I was not troubled by anythiug further uutil tbe eve of my dopsrturo from Melbourne. Then somothing happened which stamped itself for ovor op my romeinbranoa. Wo had a small party the ovening provioa to inr leaving ray aistor's houso to rejoin tbe Vipoma in Hobart. Thai morning 1 hml roeeived a letter from my mistress and a note from Edgji Vipont bogging uu lo oall for ooriaiu books ho had ordered and bring thou with mo to Tasmania. Tho party broke up early, as 1 was to start by boat at noon noxt day. Ero I went to bed 1 untiod tbo parcel which hid beon forwarded to mo by tbo booksellers, read over Edgar Vipont' llt on the baok of bis letter, iu order to bo certain they wero all right, then left the oplstlo lying on the dresiing- table, together with my fan, gloves nnd trinkets. Aausual I looked roy door. I was tired— almost too tired u sleep— and the night was closo and warm. I had not oloted my eyes, wnsn sgsln that sound as of a long drawn sigh reaobed my oars, and made us start bolt upright in bad. 1 looked towards tbe fireplace, and a fooling of uwo crept over us as my gaze fell npon tho tall figure o!n womftn standing thore, with her ongfc! finffors clutching the terrible poison phUL H The oaraeless horror which find Kfadn, B on looking »t this whito-robed vi-itor B to diminish as the veil was drawn aside. £ B I rocognUed the features of the portraits B Eduar Vipont' s study. B ' Slowly tho figure raised Ita traarpsral B bands and passed tbom tbroush andthreask B tbe long roaries of raven Fair that fell?,! B below its woiet. How palo it looked, whiti B and wax like as a corpse. Suddenly it >||foa B to tho dressing labia I heard the ruitlis I sound of p.tper. My letters wero bust B moved. Then as suddenly it rotnrned to fin B mantelpiece, ond faoiog those sad, hauntier B cyos on mine with a mournful exprwkj? fl raised the poison to her lips and fdiahodds. B tag ou tho hearthstone. I remember no mure. I inppow I&ut; B have shrieked alond in my agony, for i u rained from tbo swoon into which I hM B fallen by cries, and a heavy battering at a? B door, which waa burst open by my aizter4 B hmband, "Good heavens I Bertha. WhatUltr'B cried Gertrude, rushing to my side. B "What made you giro that terrible cryf B " i'h«! figure," I muttered. »« She bsi B takon tbe poison," nd 1 looked round, u B peering to sou the thing stretched on tho m B —dead. My sister sent her husband and the sti. B vantout of tho room, threw opon the Vtn. B ttan hliou ond Admitted the first pole rays of fl early day. Waiting until I had somewhat fl rccovored myself, she said, " Now Bertb. fl what to it? Toll mo. What is tbe msttttP fl I was trembling violeutly, so she gave as t B dose of volatile, which restored me fl oiently to relate what I had aeon. I expected I to seo htr buret ont into a fit of laughter, tat B to my surprise she looked scared and ten fl grave. " It i very strangu about this phUL" B ebo said, turning towards tb« fireplace. If fl glanoe followed hers. fl "Good htuvnos, Gortrudo, thore is r&r; B letter," I cried with a start. " rhore! ata fl bos moved It. I left it on the dressing labia" fl And, behold, there lay Edgar Vlpoot's | mil-jive, removed from its envelope, jut oa I tho spot where I had seen the poison bottle I standing. fl I wai too much ovorcoms by these starUlof fl events to set ont fur Tasmania, as arranged, fl My journey waa put sff for another week, fl -kr«o days afterwards, as my sister and I sat fl in tbo coot, pretty drawing-room, our con fl venation reverted to tho occurrence which fl filled both our thoughts, wheu, with none fl umhorraumeut visible in hor mauuer, she fl begun a strange alory. fl CHAPTER IV.' I 44 Yoa mast undorstaud, Berths, that 1 | have no belief whatever in the supornatnnL fl and I ean oertataly vouch for my husband, | who is utterly scopUoal on that score ; bat | thore is a very odd circumstance connected | with your room, whioh perhaps I ought to I havo mentioned to yoa before, only I wanted I yourstay with oe to be thoronghiy pleasaot, I Did I ever mention to yon in my letters about I a governess wohad, who died vory suddenly!" I " I do not remember it, Gertrude." I " It's a strange affair altogether, 71 she rs I pliod, 11 Edward was very fortnuata during I our first yoAr in Melbourne, and mads I several thousands with ome shares he bought I in a certain gold mine. One night Kdwerd I had been detained late at his office by press- I ing biikioes, aud waa hastening to catch the I lore tralo from Flinders stroot station, when I ho wo# eooosted by a yonng girl— evidently a I sirniiger 10 iqo ciiy— woo asxea him the wuv to lluidelberg. Ho told hor it was far, end I sho asked how far ? and when ho said eight I miles, hIio sanic down un hor knees, and elstp I ing her bauds, muttered, 'lam lost then; I I can go no further.' Edward raised bit I up, and found tho poor thing had fainted. I Ho curried her into the waiting room, and I OMKbted to restore her, and was so struck by I tho extraordinary beauty aud sodncw olfaee I ami manner that— in short, ho brought bet I homo tu too. Truth to tell, Berths, i vu I not a little put out by bis Quixotio conduct, I Tho airl wan lovely, and a perfect lady, you I oould seo that at a gUnco; but i did oot I fuel tho loast bit jealous. i scarcely knew I what to do with bor. Sho waa ill, i oould I see, and in »otno terrible distress, which i I triMl in vain to induce her to disolose. 8bs I Ronfvssod to me that sho was friendless, that I sho had not a relatiou in the wide world, I She liad bsen tho companion of a lady la I Eugland; bad, in fact, beon engaged to har I son, but tho marriage, from ciruamsLnocs I into whioh it was painful to enter, bad been I broken off; that ebo bad left the houw and I the country, uud found herself here In tbs I oolonles ponnileaa and houseless.' I I listened eagerly to every word which fell I now from my sutor'fl lips. I " We did the best we conld for her," eon- I tlnaod Gortrudo. Wo offered her tbe poet I of governess to Lily and Sissy, which wss I erlatily accepted, and as she was highly accom- j pllrhcd and woli road for so young a norion, i i hoped woshotildhavo found her un acquisition; I but hor sorrows eoemod to weigh her down; I and, though she strove to bido it, I saw too I pliiluly that her health was impaired. i i oallod iuour doctorto attoud her. llooanld I find nopositivo 'Jisoaao, but such terrible I general aubility, tbut ho said any illness, even a comparatively slight ono, might prove fatal to hor. At lost ono morning alio did not make b« appo.vnraco at breakfast as usual, and the servant on going upstairs to call her feund hor dead, thcro by the mantclploce." " This was bar room, then I" "Yos." I shoddored. It was by the fireplace I bed I seen hor fall to the floor in my vision L'tres | nights ago. My sister eontinnod. 41 8he had bsen dead aomo time to all appearances, for she had noitheruudrsssed, nor nod the bed been dis turbed. The strange thing was that she had lighted a Ore, and burnt most her belongings, endalrangor still, uow i coma to think of(t, wo found piece of brokeu gloss amongst the ashes. She left, however, one letter written in Frenoh, but apparently sho bad forgotten to fill op tbe address, for ' To Edgar — 1 Vfos aU she bad written pn tho envelope," " And did vau novrr fini out anytnfog 01 her history f" I askfld, excitedly. " No, Dotliiug. Thcru was an inquest, and tho verdict was. ! Doath from natural oaurcs.' yhn is burled iu the new cemetery, out yonder boyond tho rivor." " You novcr imagined she polsonod her solf, Gertrude ?" 41 Certainly not, sister. Why should wst Tho coroner's verdiot was plain enough. Of course it was a tcrrlblo thing to happen In ore's home, and quite upsos us for a time, und I ocrafoas thin, vision, or whatevor- it was, of years, Boriha, has made mo fool very un- oomfortable." " What did this unfortunate lady ftfl her self, Gertrude )" " Helen Armytage." "Helen 1" I oxoialmed. 44 Was that bee name!" Yes, certainly. Why do yoQ oik Bertha? Haveyoumother? Did you kaev hor In England ?" " No, 1 answered ; but may I M# thai letter, Gortrudo ?'' " Of course," she replied j and was to fotoblt. (Tn he Concluded To'tnorroic.) 