A SCHEME THAT WORKED. By W. J. Lampton. Fnd Burgess was a young fellow of 24, and, after the fashion of youngsters of that number of years, desperately in love. The young woman who had led him captive was four years his junior ; pretty, popular, and ppor, and pat coquettish enough to keep Freddie on the ragged edge most of the time—a not unu3ua! characteristic of young women under similar conditions. In addition to this, he h&i; no idea that the girl love i him, or, rather, permitted him to love he-, because his father was very rich and had promised Fred a handsome sum oa his wedding day. To a girl fond of society as Harriet was, Fred knew that money was an object, aad, while he was reajy to farnish the money to a wife, he did not wish to furnish the money for a wife—a nice distinction that some men with money sometimes overlook. Fred's father was a handsome wi'iower of 45, and was more elder brother than father to a boy, and their comradeship and community of interests were the subjects of many pleasantries amon? their friends. " How about the girl, Fred ?" asked the father one day, as they sat in the library. " Which girl 7" smiled Fred. " The best one, of course." " You mean Harriet 7" Fred's face grew longer. '•Well, pop," he said familiarly, "I don't kno ir exactly, and I don't like to say what I thiok." " Oat with it, my boy," urged the fither : between ns we ought to be a match for anv worn in alive," I don't want you to be » match for this one." ventured Fred, shyly. Mr. Burgess bowed his acknowledgments "Permit tn« to rtr rsto an? , j t |ii i j]I{\ gts. • jx;. fjfuucBieii J;red: ''I wouldn t say that; only i m afraid she might be.'' Mr. Burgess become thoughtful and Fred was silent for some time. " Frederick, my chicken," said he after a while, lying his hani on the young man's shoulder, " I have a scheme; a great scheme;" and he tapped his dome of thought with much personal pride. " Where did you get it, papa 7" asked Fred banteringly ; " import it ?" " No, my son : I manufactured it right here at home." again tapping his forehead. " Wow you sit down and let me tell you about it.' " Wait till I brace myself, in order to resist the shock," said Fred, seating himself deep down in a ;big easy chair. " Let her go, pop, I'm ready," and pop thereupon proceeded to let her go. Three months later Mr. Burgess and Fred were m the library of the Burgess mansion once more, Fred having returned only that day from a visit to gome fnen is in England. " Well. Father Burgess," he said, \- with unusual impatience, "how did the scheme work 7" " My boy, my boy,' - groaned Mr. B. lugubriously, "Im not in it sixty seconds." " Wouldn t it work 7" asked Fred in a disappointed tone. " Let me tell the harrowing tale," and Mr. Burgess fixed himself comfortably. " A month after you left, m my coy and diffident manner, I asked Miss Harriet one day on the street if I couldn't walk home with her. She was lust too sweet for anything,"—Fred winced—" ani said it would charm her beyond ex : pression. So I walked along with her, talking about you aud_ other young men. Miss Harriet was enraptured to hear what I said of you and of the other young men, and then very demurely said she thought older men were so much nicer. Then I was charmed, and when we reached her home she invited me to call with such a winning grace that I r couldn't resist it, and accepted the jnvitation in my very best style." Fred got up and tramped around the library awhile. " Confound the women," he sail " Did you go 7" " Didn't I go 7" responded the father with a semi-whoop, "Well, I should say I did, and until four days ago 1 didn't give one of those other \- youngsters a ghost of a chance at any- • thing. By the way, Fred," he added regretfully, it costs like the mischief to court a girl right these days, doesn't it ? I had no idea it was such an expens'Ve luxury." Fred writhed in his chair. " Go on," he aaid almost sternly, ...-.-. " Oh, I:' did go on," laughed :the father," and she encouraged me, too, and by Jove, young fellow, I became o interested I couldn't stop going on." Fred looked at his father m amazement. If this thing continued he felt that something disagreeable would happen to him, bnt he saidjiothing. " Well," lesamed Mr. Burgess,four days ngo, at 8 p. m., I called for the four dozenth time, and my mind was made up to hare that girl in the family, £ven if I had to prove myself a traitor to do it." Fred almost forgot himself, bat lie fzwmei all Jug potrm of restraint, " Said I," continued Mr. Burgees,; after I had beaten around the emotional bush for half an hour, ' Mi: • Harriet, you have become very near at: ; •I-jsr fo me.' . "' Yes 7' she smiled, ' I'm so glad.' "' Thank you,' said I, ' and now, without further preliminaries, I want you to be my wife."' . Fred stood up straight and looked Iowa fiercely on his father. "Yes," said that gentleman, as if Fred were enjoying it, " those are the exact words I used oa that interesting occasion, ani I used others and kept on using them, but she only shook her pretty-head. "'Just think,' said I, coaxing my very best,' how nice it would be for you to be Fred's stepmother, 1 "'Now, Mr. Burgess,' said she in response to this argument, and she smiled in a way that made me want to grab her, ' don't you think it would be e?er bo much nicer for me to be Fred's wife V " Frei laughed hysterically and kicked ah unoffending ottoman clear over the table. " 'No, I don't,' said I, trying to take her hand. " • Well, I do,' said she, dropping her smili and getting firm in the face, 'and that is where we differ to an extent that you, with all your money and good looks and palavaring and experience cannot hope to change in a million yeanj. If there is any other relation to your family that I would prefer, above being Fred's wife, it .night be to be your stepmother just long enough to give you the spanking you deserve, for trying to persuale me to be disloyal to Fred, while he is absent and cannot see what is going on, so he could put a stop to it. Good evening, Mr. Burgess,' and with these unkind remarks to your devoted and loving old father, my boy, yonr dear Harriet flouted out of the room and left me sitting there feeling like an idiot,' four stories tall and as big around as a barn." Fred jumped up and threw his arms around his father's neck. " Pop, oi l boy," he exclaimed joyfully. " you're a trump." " Yes, my boy, I know it," sighed Mr. Burgess, " but you've taken the trick, and I'm going to deduct from your wedding present what it cost me to court that girl while you were away, and I wish you would tell her so with my compliments." 