;?' - ' QtTERIEB AHSW1EED. PabMbr.— See notes thio iaoue oh fche oubjecfc of education on the £orm. Ho 5 cny moclimo' that will churn crecm at o temjoerafcaco g£ 89 I^oli in eight minntec, aud the arfcicl© to Too E'eady Col1 1 . market in twenty minutes io rll, is moso Qcitnbl° ? . for ahow pu -poses fchen for ony practical beaeiife to the £aimer. BeaicleG the obtaining c2 butter in 2J minutes dh c teuipsrctuEG 0? 70- Fab., cad having the arfcit-le ready kol- sacirlie'o in IS Eaioofie3, ?practically proves it. In the flcofc coae, ot best, . the buttes? would be firm qqoI the work o? ,by the mcchiae in the DStes1 psoeeno. The bast . :... ? time is feorn 30 fco 40 minutes £qs ckuz&ing;, Co \- produce a fine quality dqc! good-keeping article. ? -.-The speedy formation o£ buttei? oleairly denotes the presence 0? puta-frictioa cad fepmeatntioa In ?;?? ; the cream, either before, oe1 cdUBeti dutrisg the process of churning. The production o' flsat 1 cUbb butter afc a temwerotuEe o2 70' Fah. Qov cream at time o2 obucEing ia oe iraposaibiliSy, .despite oil Sheoi'ies to the coafcrory, ca it woeIc! be of too oily q nafcuse to Covm tho glob-talesj unless .. cooled dooa. No, the best teDQp9uotuEe 2oe churning is 56' fco 58* ia summa?, end 58' to S0 . . Vah. in wintei'. No, moE^ ara nob awQE'e jijhc/u to .produce the best butter it Id nbaola&eSy; aecesaasry . to have the saca break oq the globulsu afc a t-mperature oj: 601 Fab. ; it above thefi the bratte? will be nalwrally soft- Np0 the grecBy nppeDrance ot butter is due generally to its being oveisrro'J'llied '. i in the butter worbe?. I£ churned oa the pdn». ciplefl already explained in these coJumns, aiad nou OveE:t7O»ii.eu iiiush-wufUB, ah \jhi uuti ub fiueiaBy or lardy ia appeorence. Yes, copied enn always be obtsiaed oa application. Novice.— it will be alwayo beat to woi?b the most piBcticBl appliances. Do not make it a sule to run aftei1 every aev? iaveafcioa until those who : can afioed the lcs% i£ Dnyt have Cully teoted tihem ? Bee notes this issue. You BhoraScl study up all the ? subjects mentioned!, and if yoci wese to become a professor o£ each, so ma ;b the better. Ia uiBBy \- instances, chemical teemB ace quifce unt aown to even the majority o2 practical faffmeffe, and teade sharpess Ssequeiitly do great baBineaa on this |ault. I met one once, aad he was 'endeavouring t-J dispose o£ a valuable manuire to a ifoumer, and »? only1 £oe Q simple test the iraifoieE would have lost his money on about ten-poonds waight o£ his own land, and a little salb, lime, and soda. He gave -, -the chemical names oi all the supposed iagE'e diente, E.nd the pooE1 tomes? wdo delighted ' with the 'misfcure.— Ho 5 the easiest mode o£ pEbdecing potsaa is by uoing wood aeheo in fche mistuEe. Chloride o? oodiram Id common Bait, mono. oasboaatQ o2 tola is osdiaaF?; uophipg coda. \- SolphBte o2 magnesia Id Epoom oalte. B. — The subject hao been frailly esplaiaed in back iesueo, which caa be obtained oa application at this office. Yoh will flad, aa fche^o explained, the art o£ loyeiriER vevy easy fco maotePj only case and attention to be otcictly adhetred to. .Ho; l .-., hybrids sorely praduce teeile seeds, bnfc 'they can . ? be piropDgatied by layering aad root cufetings as explained in the iBBuea referred to abovp. No 5 the £&ult; wan due no doubt to the way in which you cut the potato for setting bq oeecL Hod tbe ioBtructiono olrecdy gi^en ia these colGtnnc been carried out ao E'egau-ds the cutting', these would liavo beeu ao foiluuea. Ti'y that method and prove Sov yoHEDsKo^JTo 5 this ila the boot tieae Sot: honey prrocluctioa, o^3 iE raising stocks ba ifoa object; i'Jc::'uho diviciop. o? uho havoa into an racHy otocL'G on cna po^asblw bo bni-t; up betouo the wiHiiO::o Keep tho coioay nc otuong as poaoible, and you acod aoG CarA1 motha o~ asay ofchei.' Tjesta. In esctniaing, bo easeful ao'; to e:ipoaa brood-conb to the vAv only cd little aad Ghost ci fciine aa pocsible, op chill b^ood mil bo Uq result. Eoj chill bpood in itoelS io not a disease ; buijj.it genetrctea fcho gepmc o£ a vesy clestcucbive one in the apiary. M.F.— It is impossible £0 make pBOoioa icsuit jam, as the find is poisonous,, or at best vecy m° jurioue to health. You will find the fruit very good foe jelly 0? maumalade, which can bo done ca follows : — Foe? jelly, cut the fruit in halveo and rub the juice through a Sne hair sieve, so aa fco remove all the seeds. To every pint o£ jaice add faalii! a pound o2 sugas. Boil olcwly C je? uv?o houra, feeqtieafely okiraming, aad Keeping it well atiraed to Dvoidl brassing. Care must be takesa aot to boil ifc fent0 oaly io merely Dimmer. ? The juice o£ one lemon to eccfe quart of liquor caa be added, i£ it be decked do d flavoup, op any othes flovour log desired. The eame mode o£ making is gone through, £01? the masmalade, escept the leaving 0' the seeds in the liquid, end the boiliag ia done thfephouraj ocuatil the seeds sof ten. losomekisads o£ this tiribe the seeds vnll sot soften, in which case three houra will be sufficient. To moke peach jam : Peel;, stone, and cut in pieces, the oize o2 dice, sound peaches, Pat the slices in layers o£ 6in. deep, and give each layeE a light spuinkliBg ot! salt until the dish is full. It should stand Soe tv^elve hours. Then poui? off the liqooE-, which will have kuu £som the fruit, and put the fouit into the Btew pan. To each pound of fruit add half b pound o£ sagar, aad to every tea pouada of &uifc; allow half a pint of water. Set the Dugai? aad water oh the fire firsts and boil it, frequently shimming until quite cleat1. Then add the fruit, aad boil slowly for three hours and 1 half, stirring and skimming frequently. Peach marmalade can be made in the same way, except that a potffid instead oS half a potrnd oi! sugaff is used. Peach jelly ia made by slicing the fruit and boiling it in wares.', at a ratio of three pounds of foruit to the half -pint, thorocignly mashing it, so as it c&h; be imbbed through a fine hair sieve. To each plat of this liquor add a pound oi? sugar, boil and Dkim for fchuae houra. Slow fires ase essential ia all oases. 