SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY 1 BY SKIFP BOBLASE, Author of " For True Love's Sake," " Three Lovely Women," "Darker than Death," "An Ocean Secret," "Recalled to Life," "Riohes to Ruin," "Who killed John Cameron?" The Police Minister," &o.; CHAPTER IX. WILL CHAS'liE YOaa BRIDE INTO A WIDOW UNLESS MT DEMAND 18 INSTANTLY GRANTED. s "tt The bride tried hard to do as she was u bidden, and being a girl of strong determination aud immense self-restraint, not wholly without success. .She smiled and talked, and "wreathed her misery in smiles," and Sir Harry was thankful even for this, for there was a great deal ot glass window in and about his new carriage, and he had no ambition that the crowds who were already rushing from all directions to get a glimpBa of the (to them) extraordinary phenomenon, should also catch sight of a orying c and apparently inconsolable bride seated l within it, for what conclusion might they not pw draw therefrom of a most unflattering nature to himself! o ThisWOE all the more probable because his f relations with his first wife had been the subject of a great deal of uncharitable comment and hoe tile criticism, which chiefly had reference to her mysteriously sudden death, of T which several different versions had got about; s to the quiet manner of her funeral, and the fact that instead of being buried in consecrated ground she had been interred" just s under Owl Hill on the Olegg Hall estate, and . so heavy and ugly a monument built above her grave that it looked as though 'twere intended as a prison- house out of whioh even bar e . ghost would have no ohanoe to escape to upbraid or torment the living. Es To his friends the baronet gave a satisfactory reaspn for all, or at all events most of a this, namely, that his unhappy wife bad T Buffered from frequent aberrations of reason, aud during one of such attacks had committed self-destruction, and it being the rule that all suicides should be buried at dead of night at crossroads, and with a etake driven through their body, he had not dared seek r Christian interment for the deseased lest the other should be meted out to her instead, and therefore he had had her buried as quiokly, quietly, and unostentatiously las possible in o his own grounds, where it would be a trespass, p and consequently a breach of the law, for any c one to disturb or violate her laet resting place. t As a clergyman and a surgeon had confirmed this tale, and both had never eeased to : h be friendly with the owner of the Hall, and, as, moreover, he had won the character of p being a most humane man, and on one m occasion risked his own life (he being no swimmer) to save that of a child who had — fallen into the .Roach, nearly every one was at s last disposed to absolve him from all blame on his dead wife's aoqount, and Mr. and Mrs. d Radclifie must certainly have done so, or they would not have allowed their beloved child to become her successor. As for the common folk they mostly laid the " blame of the doleful opourrenoe on the Clegg Hall Boggart, and hoped, with many a shake of the bead, that he might not prove EO malignant to the second wife as he had been to the first one, or'even as he was. becoming, some added, to poor Miss Lucy, who had far too old a head for her young shoulders, who never made the least noise as she. moved about, smiled exoepv at night time, or left a .shadow even upon the" sunniest wall as she glided along, whilst in faoe she resembled a lovely corpse instead of a fresh healtby young girl of eighteen. So cronies gossiped concerning Sir Harry's only oluld, who was just a couple of years 'his new bride's junior, and a pale, dreamy looking ?irl, with large, sad, violet-hued eyes, who eeldomapoke above a whisper, and smiled more - rarely still. Such appearance and habits'were natural perhaps to one who had beea reared from her ohildhood amid euch grand yet gloomy surroundings, and with books .and ancient domestics (whose parents and grandparents before them had served and lived in the same family) for 'her sole companions-—during the frequent and lengthy periods that her father was away " at the wars." But even when he was at home he gave himself almost wholly up to the society of the rough oountry squires, and ardent fox hunters, from all association with whom she waa rigorously excluded, 1 for bachelor parties were at the period to which we are referring mere draulted eaturnali&n.; in whioh boasting, swearing, and obscenity ran riot, and it was the highest ambition of a host to drink all his guests under the table, whilst he yet kept his own chair. Be it remembered. that we are here speaking not of profligates and reprobates, but of honourable upright men, and steady' ohurch-Roere, who yet retained the eBteem and often the afiection'of all who knew them. Sir Harry had often spoken to Rose of his daughter Lucy, and prognosticated what friends and companions they would be, and now, as they were driving along, he said to his bride, "I've no doubt thatLuoy is already counting tbe moments, and standing at one of tbe windows of the Hall with her eyes fixed'on the distant road, in eager expectan6y." "Lucy?" exolaimed Rose with a start, " Lucy she repeated, glancing round at her husband «nquiringly. " Yes, my daughter Lucy, to be sura. Why, what'other Lucy could you have thought I meant?" "Obi yes, of course, I: shall be so glad to' know her. But why wasn't she one of^my bridesmaids " Why, gracious heavens, my dew, what oan you have done'with your memory and your wits ? I've told you a dozen times at the very least tbaS x I couldn't overcome Lucy's natural, yet most unfortunate, bashfulnessand timidity'sufficiently to induce her to be one of yonr bridesmaids. I really can't) tell what to make of you, you are so strange in many thlnes tp-day." "It is a strange day to me yon see; and, truth to cell, I was thinking of the Boggart more than of Lucy." "Oh, was chat the time of day?" laughed the baronet,'with all his snspioions laid at rest by this apparently naive confession. " Well, my dear, I do assure you that you'll thinkless of the Boggart with each week tliat passes over your head at Clegg Hall, for I've never Been him, and Lucy has never seen him, and I don't believe that either my father or mother, who lived in the old place all their lives, ever saw him either,' so you pan tell by that that he isn't very obtrusive aud troublesome. I promise you most. faithfully that if he ever becomes so I'il have the parson of the parish 'to lay him instantly, and he shall be buried in company with a double-combed cook, and a stake driven through its body. No boggart was ever known to rise again after that.- Whilst this -conversation was passing between them the carriage rolled up Yorkshirestreet, and at last gained the Old Pack florae Inn, which, strange to s»y, Rose passed with her eyes closed. . Had she kept them open she might have observed that at this point Sir Harry's grand and novel turnout attracted less attentioA than at any previous part of its progress; for though the.crowd was very dense it seemed to be wholly oooupied with some other matter. The baronet did not seem to remark this latter coincidence, and a minute or two later shey were out of the town altogether, for Yorkshire-street changed in to Yorkshire-road at the point where West- street now oonnects with it, so that budding hawthorn hedges took the place of houses, and from tbenoe to Smallbridge, the tiniest of villages, save now and then nn old mansion buried amid trees, or a solitary whitewashed and rush- thatched cot standing by tbe wayside, and the road was as lonely and as rural as it well could be. It became positively gloomy when at last the carriage turned to the right, splashed through the river at a shallow ford, though owing to the flood the water rushed over the axletrees even here, and on reaching the opposite bank rumbled along what wae even then known as the Clegg Hall road. There were neither collieries nor mills anywhere ic the neighbourhood, though dark and gloomy fir plantations in some places, and high hedges in others, bordered the narrow and deeply rutted bridle path, for it waa in reality nothing more. The possibility of a four, or even a twowheeled vehicle ever traversing it had evidently never been contemplated when it was made, but sufficient spaoe had been allowed for two heavily laden paok horses to get past each other, so there was ample room for the carriage, though it required careful navigation to ensure against accidents, and it was certainly fortunate that the springs were strong. Such was the position of matters when a man crepe out of one of the before-mentioned fir plantations, through a gap in the hedge, and pointing a pistol at the driver's head, ordered him peremptorily to "pull up hip cattle or be shot dead, whioh ever he preferred." On his immediately doing as he was bidden, the stranger, who was dressed like a seedy aud impoverished gentleman, though bis clothes hung loose upon him, sbepped up to the carriage, revealing in the action the fact that he was masked as well as armed, and pointing his piatol ic turn at the baronet, exolaimed— " My bullets will reach farther than your sword, and as prudecoe proves no laok of courage you will be a wise man and no coward to part with your purse rather than your life, Sir Harry Ho wart b." " I, faith, I thick you are about right there," laughed the baronet, for to be robbed . on tbe highway in those days was too commonplace an incident for much fuss to be made over it. " Here is my purse, so pray bepolite and don't frighten the lady, for I have but iust married her." But the lady was frightened already, and less by the stranger's pistol thanbyhis voioe. Nor did the words which he next spoke at all tend to reassure her, for they were "Gentlemen of my profession are proverbially polite to the fair sex, and although I am as yet hardly more than an amateur I will in that respeot not with the courtesy of an old professional. I have my little fads and fancies hough, and the Rose of Roohdale, whioh yon ave this morning plucked from its parent tem, is, I bave heard, celebrated {or khe - eauty of her arm and. shoulder. I must sde o oth, Sir Harry, and as all shows have to -be " aid for let tbe price of the present exhibition e your watch, chain, and rings. Yon aw I . - m prepared to pay high for a whim." <T> The whim seamed to be a most distasteful ne to the bride, who gave vent to ahysterioal cream, whereat Sir Harry exolaimed foribmly, . Insolent fellow, what do yon meanT' And.,' 4 he stranger responded quite calmly, "I mean' . hat I will change your bride into • widpW - nless my demand is instantly granted." : 1 