ABOUT SUICIDE. 'If you attempt, desperately, and un gratefully, and impiously, and fraudu lently attempt, to drawn yourself, or hang yourself, I'll have no pity on you, ror i nave maae up my mind to Put all suicide Down." Thus Alderman Cute in " The Chimes," one of the most delight ful of Dickens's Christmas stories. Suicide was, of course,- only one of the many things which , the worthy Alderman had determined to Put Down. The list included " boys with out shoes and stockings," " wandering mothers, with babies;" "all young mothers, of all sorts and kinds " all sick persons and young children." etc. But above and before all these nuisances, the good man placed suicide " If there is one tiding," said the Alderman with his satisfied smile, " on which I cati be said td have made up my mind more than another, it is — to put Suicide Down. So don't try it on." An unhappy being who, worn out with an agonising struggle against cruel fortune, despondent and hope less, had attempted to take his own life, was recently sent to gaol for three months. The fact seems to suggest that the Chief Justice,- Sir John Madden, who passed the sentence, is quite as determined as Alderman Cute to Put Down suicide. Men look on approvingly and say, 44 It's a very proper thing. Suicide must be Pub Down !" How ? Well, as Hamlet remarked at a critical point in hi3 soliloquy on the same subject, "That is the question V9 Plainly the subject is double-sided. There is the social— i,e , the State — aspect of it, and there is the religious. With the latter a Supreme JCourt judge has little to do. His duty is to administer human law, and the Legislature has de clared attempted self-murder to be a crime meriting punishment. Not often, however, is punishment actually im posed. Rather does mercy largely season the exercise of earthly, power irf such cases. Seldom does an offender go beyond a court of the first instance. Usage is kinder than the law. The magistrate' having satisfied himself that the accused is repentant, and that friends are prepared to look after him, Bays a; few words of sympathetic; admonition, and sends him back to "make the beat of both worlds." Or, finding that the degree of insanity, of which the tendency to suicide is usually a symptom, is such as renders the course necessary, he commits his poor, broken- down brother man to a suitable asylum. George Westhorpe was exceptionally treated on being committed for trial. He was yet more exceptionally dealt with, after pleading guilty, in being sent to gaol, there to try to learn the lesson set him by the Chief . Justice — " that respon sibilities and troubles were sent upon people to teach them to cultivate what was one of the nobler parts of man, en durance under affliction." Poor Wes thorpe ! One might imagine that in his fifty years of life he had already learned as much of that lesson as he was ever likely to. assimilate. Yet not well enough had he learned it, appears to have been the judicial idea. To brand him as a criminal, to herd him with thieves and vagabonds, with men who had .deceived and robbed their fellows, with brutal foetpads and child violaters — this presumably is held to be a good way of impressing the lesson on his memory. His Honor will pafdon us1 ti suspicion that the sense of disgrace Which this decent and : honest, though, weak, man must now feel may, when he emerges from/ a felon's cell, operate . on his . mind as- - an additional motive to suicide. Tiie learned judge admitted that the manVoffence was induced." without his having the de sire to injure anyone else;" and then di lated npon the interest the Btate had in discouraging moral cowardice. So it has; in discouraging lies (political and other), anchastity, ana all uncharitableness— all that is unlovely in the human character. The' interest of the State is undoubted, but how does it come more than nominally ' ' ' - Hntb question in a case of- attempted 'suicide?' . . /'.. ./ " I do not believe," remarks a recent writer on the subject, 4 4 that any man was evOr deterred from suicide by the re- ; flection that it is a felony." Given, the state of mind in which a man seriously attempts his own life, what human penalty can he possibly fear? Besides, as Mr W. S. Lilley asks in the current ; number of the 44 Contemporary Re view," what is the true rationale of punishment ? It is first vindictive, "The proper account of punishment," says Mr Lilley, "is that it is correla tive of culpability." If a man has no desire to injure anyone else, in what does his culpability consist ? The Chief Jus tice furnishes the answer. Westhorpe has a wife and three children dependent upon him. 44 Instead of seeking to carry out your - responsibility," said the judge, 44 you deprived them of their bread winner and the comfort of your experience and knowledge of the world." ; Apart from the fact that this is precisely what for three months the law has now dene, it seems a sound reason why. the man ought to have- been prosecuted for attempted desertien of his family, and required to find sureties that he would not leave them, either by the avenue of suicide or any other. Possibly the sureties would have been forthcoming had they been asked for. On the ethics of sucide how much has been said and written ! Last year Mr William Areher contributed to an inter esting discussion on the subject in the 44 Westminster Gazette." He boldly pronounces against 4 'medieval superstition against self-effacement' ' as 44 a ghost which goes gibbering through the world and the newspapers with no real vitality in it, and declares his inability to find a prohibition against suicide in scripture," This though Hamlet, apparently on some authority, says that the Everasting has 44 fixed his canon 'against self-slaughter." Mr Archer is an altogether dreadful person. He would have the State 44 pro vide the man who was tired of life with a place and mechanism for putting his body away in a decent and self-respecting fashion." Nothing more creepy could be imagined— except it be that extra ordinary suicide story told by Coulson Kernahan, in his 44 Book of Strange Sins." 6 The whole situation is finely put in Dry den's Doii Sebastian, which Mr Archer alliides, albeit that the casuist finds a strained interpretation for the last two lines. Here are the poet's noble words : — Death may be eall'd in vain and cannot come, Nor has a Christian privilege to die. Brutus and Cato might discharge their souls, And give 'em furlough for another world ; But we, like sentries, are obliged to stand In starless nights, and wait the appointed hour, There is the line of duty marked out clear and true. But what says the shade of Dryden to giving a man three months' gaol because the poor battered spirit grew weak enough to imagine that the 4 4 appointed time" had actually arrived? 