the umitb or aoffltnarr. Amongst the developments—we can hardly oaHtbsm iafceHeetoal—of the present day!* a persistent raking amongst the dust and ashes of the pat This operation, srKiek seems dew to the minds of a host of now tights, talus many forms, bat the most persistent and ptamUeotmistbeprodnetionof the old superstitions for the special attention of the modern faqvarar, on the ground that &ey; are supported hy a great deal of widsnos. Aseo^gst these thugs we hare <w*r oM tritcidk^ jBingii mb&ta;* «»Pfweed to be ghostly manifestation*, such aa th6 tattling of chains, the throw ing °f stones, end the breaking of sudows, as if a defunct gi&zier; had re solved to do the trade a good tarn. Am6ngsfc the rehabilitated ones is "old " Geffory," a something which troubled the Weslb* family a great deal at one tune by throwing thiitgs about, knocking on the doora and evon on the bedsteads when the family wanted to go to sleep. Hie London Spectator thinks that this is one of the things that are indicative of the existence of not very bod but still naughty spirits, who go about playing pranks in a very unpleasant fashion. Those who have read the history of the Wesley family, and paid careful atten tion to what was going on in it when the manifestations took place, can form a shrewd guess as to who was the spirit, but even if there was no such hint it would be a very loose way of reasoning to assume that a spirit was at work because there is no explanation as to how the noises were made. This is but one amongst many things of the kind. The Cock-lane ghost, for example, which Dr. Jobshos thought should be inquired into, has been also rehabilitated, though that was amongst the patent frauds of the day. In this fashion belief after belief is being brought to the front, on the plea that it was once held by a large number of persons who oould not all have been fords, and who would not have believed unless there was a great deal of evidence to cause them to do so. This is, of course, begging the whole case. As a matter of pure history as well as a matter of pure reason, a belief is none the more reasonable because it is held by a nation, or several nations, but, on the contrary, it is rather ground for suppos ing that it has grown up without any real foundation in fact, Wo might give hun dreds erf examples of this truth, such as tlio universal belief in ancient days in fauns, nymphs, satyrs, dryads, and gods of all sorts, sizes, and degrees. The most striking example of a wide-spread, almost universal, belief is to be found in witchcraft, which has a mass of evidence on its side which may be said to be over whelming, from one point of view. Grarc judges, men of great ability and learning, men who had studied evidenoo and were accustomed to know what was proof and what was supposition, sent thousands of hapless creatures, mostly old women, to the Btake, fori offences which seem to us in these days I too absurd for even casual investigation. I Shall we, in consequence of this, sit, gravely to inquire whether old women can fly on broom-sticks, go to sea in a j sieve, kill people by sticking pins in a j waxen image, or cause a cow to go dry j by burning some hairs from its tail ? Yet, if we are to go by merely widespread belief, why should we refuse to accept universal testimony, going back to remote ages, for the truth of witchcraft, when we accept much less evidence in regard to ghosts and flying chairs and tables ? Professor Huxley, in a recent letter to the London Tunes, lias declared that science does not care to investigate such things, and hasadded that he trusts that his spirit will have something better to do than go about playing larks with people's furniture. For this he has been denounced as " a scientific Pharisee." Ho is said to be one who declines to be open to conviction to believe that there is anything new, but stands on the house tops and repeats his old formulas. How for this represents the attitude of mind ofa man like Professor Huxley it boots not now to inquiry as his reputation will take oars of itself, but it does seem to be ds sirable to show where lurks the fallacy on which this plea for reopening every •object is based. It is based on a misconception of • the whole cage. Emerson has said that what we do not know should nbt make1 us doubt what we do know. Thus, if we know that two mid two make four, we shall not doubt that because we do not know how much thousands'added to thousands may amount to. In Hko fashion, there sire many phenomena that we cannot explain, some that may never be explained, but that does not alter the foot that we do know that a whole host] of beliefs have been and are delusions or frauds. For example, everybody in ! Greece knew that serpents pat on the appearance of beautiful yooag women, sad were palled Lamias ; mid Ptauo STEATua tells ws that the pbUoseper Apol iojtjus detected one, and caused her to vanish in the presence of many thousands Of persons. With Professor Huxley, we say that we do not want to inquire ate each csees, even if alleged to occur at the present day, because we know that they must be frauds or delusions. A man need not be a fool because he is not a Pharisee. He is not bound to every (tile of wbpder told, for the t®. eellent reason thnt lib knowsthat they come all wiftlft certain categories. Thus, when a book is written to show that Napolbon ** must" be the Destined Monarch of the World, lie knows at once how the alleged proof is made out. The whole thing lies in regarding all that makes for a given belief, and counting nothing that goes against it. In this fashion the British are proved to belong to the Lost Tribes, it is shown that Bacon wrote Shalcesptare, and that Campbell did not write "The Exile o! " Erin," bid) an .itnpudent Irish literary thief. So with ghosts and other spiritual matters, such as the materialisation of Helen of Troy and Cleopatra, in which some people believe. They have always an answer. If the medium is seized and found to be Helen, then it is declared that the spirit has vanished into the medium. In regard to ghosts, too, for which there is said to lie much evi dence, no one notices the negative side, Which is that whenever the cases are fairly investigated they are always found to he untrue, as Dickens learned after years of inquiry. In short, there are certain things into which men of sense and ability to weigh evidence do not Want to inquire, but it docs not follow that because tliey do not waste time in this fashion tkoir minds are hardened against all new discoveries. The literary critic discards the false poet in favour of the true, but he does not say that no new poet will arise. 