GRUESOME GHOST STORIES. In a range of the houses in North Shields (says the Newcastle Chronicle) clouded with tho shadow of Ballast Hill stands Milbourne Place, the site identified with what was known at Fafty's Ghost. Fafty sailed from Shields Harbor in an Indian tracer. He was a com mon seaman, and the child of poor, struggling patents. After his departure never a word did they hear from across the sea of their absent son. The ship came home, but not the sailor lad, nor were there any tidings as to his fate. They had lost him, they knew not how. On a wild and stormy night their mar- ried daughter came to their house, bringing with her a sailor in search of lodgings for the night. Receiving him kindly, they gave him of their homely fare, and as his rough nature warmed to their kindness, he threw off the guard of prudence and boasted of his golden store in belt and pouch. He showed them dazzling coin and splendid jewellery; and the old people glared at the unwonted sight with greedy eyes and hungering souls. They were poor, so very poor, and old, and cold, and weary. The guest, merry with drink and a thousand dancing memories of bygone days, reeled off to his hard and humble bed. There he slept—heavily slept—and slept to wake no more. The wretched host waited till all was quiet save the breathing of his guest and the beating of two guilty hearts. Stealthily the old man sought a cruel knife, sharp, strong bladed. The pale, stern woman motioned him to speed his errand, and shading the candle with her wasted hand, she led the way to the chamber of rest. A look, a tiger-leap, a deadly lounge upon the sleeping form, a broken sob, a shivering spasm, a long last sigh, and all was still, save two throbbing hearts, stirred to a painful fever heat that would never more subside. Then came the rifling of the dead. There was gold enough and none forbade the seizure. Then they buried their dead out of their sight, yet so that they must tread on his grave with every remaining step of life. The terrible deed thus accomplished, the guilty couple passed the fearful hours of the night in one strong agony, and longed for the pale beginnings of another day. Betimes the daughter came to ask about the guest, and when they told her he had got up and gone away, she cried out, ' Gone away— wherever to ?' They did not ask, they said they did not know. 'Why, mother, ' exclaimed the woman, ' did ye not ken him ? did he not tell you? Tell what? ' the aged mother asked in fierce alarm— 'a—who was he ? ' It was Jim, mother, and you not to know him ' Oh, you stupid, and to let him go, and he never telling—well, I do declare, I never heard of such a muddle ! But what ails thee, mother?' She sank into her chair, and fixing her stony gaze on the blank wall before her, went into a fit. The old man too, seemed petrified with terror. 'Jim,'he said, 'poor .Jim, never, it couldn't be, Maggie ; it never could be Jim!' 'But it was, father, for all that;; he came and told me all about it, and showed me his gold, and said how he had come to comfort his old father and mother, and make all our fortunes for us. Oh, he's not gone far; he'll soon be back, I warrant ye.' 'Never, Maggie, he'll come back no more.' But he did come back. That very night he came, and every night as the clock struck twelve the door moved on its hinges noiselessly, in spite of bars and bolts. Then there entered a huge Newfoundland dog that came up to each in turn, fondling with its paws, laying its great head on the mother's knees, and gazing up with soft melancholy as if reproaching her, it shrank away to the other room and there kept watch at the foot of the bed on which the stranger had met his cruel fate, lying there till the cock crew, then rush ing from the house with fearful fury, howling as he passed. It needs not to be told that the heartless murderers profited little or noth ing by their ill- gotten wealth. They dared not spend. They could only hoard and hide the spoils of crime. Wasting and sickness fell upon them. The mother pined to death, and when on his deathbed, the father un burdened his guilty soul with the confession that he had murdered the son whose return he had longed and prayed for many a weary year. The house was accursed and haunted. None dared live in the stricken and polluted dwelling. It crumbled to ruins, and so long as brick remained on brick the black dog prowled amidst the rubbish ; but when the ground was at last cleared, the ghost ceased its wanderings ; its dismal howlings were heard no more. South Shields, too, can boast of its ghost story. It is thus told by the late Mr William Brockie, journalist, in a paper which he con tributed to the Northern Tribute :—'A lady, whom I knew, lived in the house for some time, and she and all her family used to hear and see strange things in it. Dreadful deeds must have been perpetrated some time or other in its spacious and oncc splendid but now ghostly rooms. On one of the great mantel-pieces, she tells me, are the marks of two bloody fingers and a thumb, which no chemical art known to her mother, who is a notable housewife, could efface. Scrubbing and scouring had no effect; and even through successive coats of paint the marks re appeared. So true is it that the stains of murder are indelible, and that when every thing else is silent the very walls cry out. The finger-prints are doubtless those of some female victim of lawless-brutaliiy, for the shade of her who impressed them is some times seen. One night Mrs C could not sleep so she sat up in the bed reading. About midnight she saw, to her astonishment, a tall handsome lady, dressed in white, with a scarlet waistband, glide across the room from a door which was always shut up, towards one of the windows on the opposite side, where she disappeared. She made no sign, however, nor intimated any wish to dis close her secret. But the spot where she disappeared could perhaps have afforded a clue had it been searched, for beneath the sill of that window—a huge old-fashioned affair—there was a recess that nobody over thought of prying into. Through a knot having dropped out of the wood there was a hole into this place, down which small articles, such as thimbles, cotton balls, etc., were constantly falling; and, though often stuffed up in various ways, it always got open again. One of the family undertook one day to fish the things up with a hooked wire. He did so, and with them drew out lots of beetles and other vermin, such as infested graves—an indication one would think of what was below. Mrs. C regrets to this day she did not cause the still to be raised. But it was not that room above the grave that gave the house its bad name. My informant once saw what she fancied to be the apparition of a soldier standing on the landing-place at the head of the stairs, and others of the family at different times saw him likewise. There was one apartment in the house which no soul ever entered, barring, of course, disembodied souls ; for such it was deemed a favorite haunt. No earthly tenant would have it for nothing, let alone pay rent for it ; so it remained shut up from year's end to year's end. What was in it besides the ghosts nobody knew or dared to investigate, or even to peep into it through the keyhole would have needed more courage than most people possess. Strange noises were heard in it occasionally, as if the ghosts wore kicking up a racket among themselves. Perhaps a hidden treasure lay hidden under the floor with the moulded bones of murdered men. The elements had free access into it, for not a pane of glass was left in the window ; but the door was nailed up fast, and the window so situated that it would have been difficult to get a glimpse through it into the interior. The Reward of the Honest and Able Solicitor.—The knavish attorney of so many a story is in a hopeless minority. Rascals there will ever be, and a solicitor who is a rascal has a terrible sphere of activity open to him until he retires to Wormwood Scrubs or some other of her Majesty's prisons. He is usually found out, and nobody ever petitions the Home Secretary on his behalf. There is, perhaps, no position of life in which an honest, upright, sensible man can do so much practical good, and prevent so much unhappiness and loss of money, as that of a solicitor who has a soul above " costs." Whether he be in a large way of business in the country, a solicitor of character and repute is a man to be envied. He can and does nip disputes in the bud ; instead of fostering and breeding family quarrels, he is constantly able to bridge over misunderstand ings and effect reconciliations. His clients, rich and poor, consult him frankly, tell him their whole case, admit him into secrets they keep jealously from every one else, and usually do what he tells them. Both the divine and the doctor may envy him the obsdionce he receives. He sees life in many aspects, is admitted into every circle, is in demand for all public services, if he can find time to attend to them, and gcnerally is re spected by all classes of his community. 