l^H)iWEfir ,d»i«WcaH 7Vm .iitsoctati'on. \- CAPTER XL Thfn nlerifttt could- etaml it no longer. Boldiwa there won; none to send— they wore ?nil over tile range, at the cniitoiiinciit or lit-- ' youd ; civilians ivcrp'ttiprr in plenty, dozens of refugees from the tlio randies, itaz-us of railroad men nnd train linnrlii, one or two dis gusted correspondents who imd 'otllie ' ti|-' as to impending niovcmrntK nil (oo hitn to catch the luckier nicmliers of thr.t nil pirvu ding fraternity, liut who worn quick to n-n- lizn the 'Ecoop' they would liuve in trans- i tuittiii!; to their respective journals full :m-1 picturesque. drtaiU of a Dakota blizzard. It is ) -in iH vind that blows nolioJy pood. t Evcii-tJiougli every one J.oid bini ^jifiicpuld i accomp1i|ln-ot|iiii5rwl(atpvot l-ffoVoTrtayiij-ht c Stcrretl had a little party of stalwart frou- c tiersinen duly equipped liy midnight 'find. v le.iuiy to .stuit the iustai.t the gale sliould E show signs of moderating. Hour nfter hour c it shrieked nnd howled, driving thu sheets of snow licforc it, swapping the frozi'ii prairie | clean as a floor, liut whirling douse white f clouds into eveiy sheltered gulch and ravine, f settling the drifts in the let1 of t-vury .slack ( mid shed and liuildin^ at the railway station ] where, ' dend' and abandoned, lay the en- t ginc of the easlWound train, (lie passengers liuddlin' for u'ariu'th into a single- car and ] cheerfully discussing tho propriety of using I tile flthe^for lirpwood. . . _. j And then, before (h« first faint glimmer i of dawn, us though spent with its own via- , knee, ,tjie gale licgon to die. TJio clouds , scudding southeastward drew aside, uncur- i taiiiing the placid heavens, n-here Mm stars i were faintly fileainiu^ nnd then twinkling out I of sight. Soon in a Muze of ^lory and tii- - umph the sun rose over the far distant MulFs i and looked down upon the scene of wrath - and desolation wrought \\-y rudi: Boreas in the. ( tonquerer'e adsencu ; and just then, too, there hove in sight a battered lilllu squud of i troopers on spent tu\d jadt-d steeds, nnd the. ' sirgeant in command rode breast deep into - the drift ut the south entrance of Stcrrett's office uud yelled over the intervening shield of snow the stunning question : ' Did the ladies get Lock all right 1 We. can't Hud the ambuluuco anywhere along the . Wolf.' CHAPTER XII. Before quitting the ambulance and its 'precious freight Ellis had made sucli examin ation of the neighbourhood us was passible in this thick darkness, and discovered (hat they were close to the edge, of a narrow, winding ravine with abruptly sloping' banks, nnd it was in here that those etgacious mules hod sought shelter from the force of (lie wind. The ambulance was standing on a vi:ritablit ridge, exposed to the full fury of the. gale, the slope to the rapid running Wolf just in fvot.l, the ravine to fclio right rear. Shout ing to the ladies to fear nothing, he had no difficulty, when aided by the driver, in start ing the wheels, and tho instant tho vehicle was partially tururd into the track ^of the storm it was blown backwnvd down into the soft bed of snow, already thick and deep. Hero, under the lee of the banks, the stout vagou was comparatively sheltered, for the top of tho canvas cover waa just a ti'iflo be low the general level of tho prairie. The mules, startled troin tln-jr funded security by ll.e rut tie of wheels and canvas as tho iim liulancc was run down the slope into their midst, seized with one. of their unaccount able panics loro blindly away up tho farther bunk 'ii id out upon the storm-swept level lie joiul. Then in the whirling cloud of snow Ellis lind remounted, shouted nguin a few en cournging uords to the ladies 'within, assur ing them he and his sturdy troop horse, would have no diliiculty in reaching camp ui:il bringing aid, urging llivni meantime to keep snugly bundled in (he.ir robes, and with Mrs. IWrieii's hravn voice nnd cheery ''God speed you, sergeant !' ringing in his ears, he, rodu gallantly away, forded the thai low stream at the mouth of till' coulee and then, facing the gale, spurred fortli upon his peri lous mission. The driver and the already somnolent Pete, with what was left of the contents of the depleted llasli, crawled into tin* snowhed beneath the waggon body, roll ed themselves into their joint stock of robes nnd blankets and prepared to spend a com fortable, night. It was an old story to both. Uut, despite ull the driver's efforts on the. wnp, the gale hail forced them far to thn right of the main road and those which paralleled it, the only ones n tall familiar to the Twelfth, and when lirewster and his little, squad reached thn ford, nlong toward two o'clock in the. morning, they sought in vain in every ravine, mid breuk — shouted, fired thoir carbines and sounded their trum pet, all to no purpose. Not an answering crjf rewarded their efforts. I'Yom KIlis' de- scription Brewster knew lint the ladies w«re. so muffled in furs that within their cai.vas shelter they could hardly suffer greatly from culd. He was assured that the. diiw-r nnd Pete, were with them, also well provided with robes mid blankets, nnrl that they were in no immediate danger of freezing ; but he could not bear the thought of ihe !ong weary wait ing, tii« dread anxiety, the darkness, tho iso Intion in nil thr.t howling wilderness. He could picture Winifred nestled in her mother's anus, wondering, wondering, as the Ihours dracgnd by, when, if i.'vcr, human aid would come, to their relief. At four o'clock lie and his party had searched and scouted for half a dozen miles up and down tho vnllt-y. Sonic of his best and stnunuhest men were giving out, 'and thesp, with Sergeant Brooks, lie ordrrcd to push along with the gale nnd souk news and shelter at the station. Threo others he posted near the main crossing of the Wolf, under thu lee of a tit tics bluff, where they and thoir horses speedily Mumped a hole in thn snowdrifts around thu liiispilul imbiihuie.u nnd huddled for warmth -tires they could nut light, o.-en had there 'f. i. a vestige of fuel — and then, with three undaunted cAinpniguers at his back, he had uiice again turned down it ream, following its wanderings in the darkness /and feeling for bank. Time and again thpj dismounted anij ra1(§j|§idfpfc-ir3iora3fi|o restore circulatiogi girths iOJj^pqVydKry^snoH', ^1At lost'-Brbwsv tur iiftjed 'iLat.rSieraJaiid tlinre far. iij.StJie } nortliwustern tkieVtlife stars were beginning to peep ; the clouds we.rei driving away, the dawn was nigh, tie hiyricane abating. ilie Htorm-Kwt'pt prairie, streaked liere and tliure with fli-ecy, winding veins, and when at last tin; sun arose in. its unclouded Bp'en dour the gale had died away to n m'nra ghost of its furious self, nnd they rubbed the ioy fringe fioi)i»tjliHr |*ttt»i:u/i---yqJiiis'^(in^PttiM!'«l lung and Vistfuflg Hip' mid ^,'dbwn tljiit^linl low, windirt-jvulleyrnll hi'!ap^*aiid tumbled Wlill till* fin 1. All Will ill* -ilwl iinitr n--it- u ntrnt rtf hose, wlinm thpy had rusbed to savp. Never for an instant did ttrewster relax i lis elfoit. Giving each of his men a pull at i he flask, he selected Jit tlt^Murjihy ,as about fieiribst compact n-i$ certatnljT th'b liglitest' i if ^lie trio.iiiid-badii' him make his way to .amp and tell the colonel that up to sunrise no . ?eitigejVif the |jjst o'/ies hnd liei-n found, and ?JgS''Bt tnat additional parlies be sent out at nice. ' Tell somebody to brine my iiuld felass,' le addud, ns Murphy was about to ride iway. ' If I had dreamed we would have ouiid nothing of the ambulance until this line, I ne.vcr should have left it. Cood uck to you now, corporal. Ride as lively as i'ou can.' Murphy turned promptly away, spurring lis unwilling horse, through the ice into the ?lack and racing waters of thu Wolf and was iiysci.tly following a little break in: the lorth side which led by a moru gradual as ;i;nt to the prairie beyond. 'Now, in«!ii, one of you rido liaek toward : the party at the. ford, poke-Tuto every ravine lo your left — they're all full of snow ; it may lie the nuibuluiice. is so deep in I he drift they :ould hear no sound. If you find anything, the faintest trace, rida up on tho prairio and circle your horse to the left. Morse., you ;or.iL' with me.' ' Beg pardon, lieutenant, I think Murphy -ue.'« sdiiiething now,' said Morse, indicating the farther shore, with a nod oL his fur cover ed head. Whirling eagerly about, lirewster was surprised to see his little Irishman, a hundred ysrds or so away, crouching low on his horse's bnck, -aill in th? ravine and up lo his girth in snow, and peering cautiously eastward, his eyes just level with this bank. Then he was plainly seen to signal. ,'? In. an instant Brewstor and his men wore ^plunging into the rapid stream, -crushing' the ice that skirted the shores and bounding out upon tho frozen ground beyond. Again Murphy held forth a hand — n warning gesture, not a beckoning one. ' Keep down, keep down,' he signalluJ, and wondering, the little furty of 'troopers' cautiously followed into the ravinn. ' What do you sec V queried Brewster, eager and agitated. ' Upon my soul, sir, I vish I knew ; but its'iuore like Indians than anything 1 can think of.' . . ,,..-. 'Indians) where iway!' And with' a wild fear at heart Brewster gazed over the bunk in the direction indicated. ' Indians, and coming this way, sir, or I'm a tenderfoot,' muttered JMorse, a man who had served in the Twelfth for many a year. ' What on earth can they be doing so far south of the agency ? You clout think any of the.' liostilcs have, got down this way j' 'They're all hostilts, sir, wlion there are only thro.o or four ag'iu them. It don't mailer whether these are from the a««ncy or the Bad Lands ~ i.n-.v, if they can catch a while man a-iiapping, aid something has brought (hem out here.' 'My God, itiuti ! you don't suppose they've heard of the ambulance 1' ' They hoar things quicker than we do, lieutenant,' chimed in Murphy. 'That means if they are from' the vill.iges near the ngeiicy they've circled around our people.' Breathless the little party watched the coming dots. The strcmn bore to the north east after a deep bend about half .a mile away, and on the. farther bank, moving near ly parallel with thw valley, about a dozen dark ubjncls could be seen moving nt rapid lope, the springing tire.h.'Ss gait of the Indian pony. Ponies the.y were unquestionably, and each with his rider. Every moment brought them nearer and nearer, until, as they spread out in extended oruVr across thu 'level sur face, it wus possible, to count thr-ir number, eleven : possible to note thai every now and then sonic out; of the number in front or on the Hanks would rein in suddenly and circle uruund and stop, -is though examining tracks upon Ihti prairie. ' It is not possible the ambulance can have got so far over as that,' n. uttered Brewster. '? It is not possible, that they can have heard of it in all that fearful storm. Why, Morso, it's imulnvss to think of it t' ' I don'c know how far the team may have been driven out that way, sir, but the bliz zard cmne from tho northwest, from their left front ; it beat across thuir path all the way and mules won't fa;e it, and if it isn't the ambulance they're after, what can it be '/ ' ' My God, if we only knew where it was ! ' groaned Brewster. ' Come what may, men. we've got, to stand 'tvvixt it and those, scoun drcls. Hero, Murphy, lively now, slip back down into the valley and ride for all you're worth to the ford and bring those fellows back with you every man of them. Tell them to keep under the Imnk n\v\ rldn like hell. OH' with you, now. ' And this time there was no recall ; Murphy was out of sigh', in a (lash. Nearer and nearer rode the savage horse men, now about a milt: away. Already Mjrse and his silent comrade hnd swung their car bines out of their leathern buckets, thrust a cartridge in the chamber and loosened others in the woven thimbles. Hrcwster never for an instant quit his gaze, but his hand had stolen back and loosed the Hap of the holster at his hip. The movements of 1he Indians lind puzzled him ; they were riding not as though moving on some point already deter mined, but rather as if searching* feeling their way. Every now and (hen, too, some of their ninnlier cantered to the edge of the bank and seemed to scrutinize the val l-y. . ?---'.?' -JiiJiioudrif(pftr(i--ooi3eep-and'T!e«tifol 'in' thoro, around that bend, sir. j^HHuit'fl why low and over ^^tlmy swung tlieirfliiiible steeds In tircle to the right. ^ Atirl i\wh,4tlt^nj on instant morn, and, tossing the.' powdery suow all in a fleecy white uloud, there caiue tearing up out of tho depths of Rome unseen aaalee ft lively herd of Indian ponies rejoicing in their unwonted freedom and determined not to be herded back to slavery without a struggle. . . ???'?? It was hard to repress the shout of joy that sprang to the uoldie.rs' lips. - Then it. wasn't thu ambulance after a1! ; nothing hut this frolicsome bund of rascals that, after breaking away from the Indian hoys the svening neiore, nau aouuliess neeuariven oe tore the gale, demanding the sending. forth of {uite a party of the young men in sear:h, ?veil before Ilia storm Imd fully abated. For* nioipent ,»lin trooporsfojrgottitheir^miB sioii as they watched 'the chase. ' F^esh; «jid jnlminperf'd by weight of any Vind the senrry ng band came sweeping along the edge, of tlie distant bluff, following an octivp.jiiis :}iiovous leader and leaving their jaded pur suers far behind. The Indian knows too much to chase a running horse; he leaves him to his own devices, well knowing he will more riuickly stop when unpursued aud can then more readily be headed off and turned buck to the ways tic should go. ' On came Uie nim ble herd full tilt toward the elbow in the shallow valley, where a broad white streak told of deep drifted -show, and there the loader veered to the left and south and would doubtless have stretched away at racing Speed cm that course hut for -one young warrior on a dun coloured pony, who with the speed of the wind came darting out across tho level sur face beyond, g'amel?, skillfully 'heading him. Around went the leader around the southern most edge of the fleecy- drift, and Lliei); -with thundering hoofs,' the.. wliola .troops went bounding away to the west without a living soul to interpose between them and the bald, rolling heights at the far horizon, miles aud miles away. ' Go it, pony ! I'm ghid to see a redskin done for once.!'- was Morse's jubilant shout-. And tliMi, suddenly and sharp, 'Good God 1 What's that, LieottmanU Look \' ' Not six hundred yards away, now, the little baud of ponies, following their .spirited loader, 1iad suddenly halted at the eery edge of some dip or sink in the prairie that lay to the southeast of the snowy rift in which the troopers were crouching, still hidden, they and their horses, from the sharp eyes of the chasing Indiaus. Then as suddenly, tossing high their scragsy manes, as though with one accord, the nimble brutes whirled to the south, their leader indulging in a tiwu flourish of heels as he sped away. And now Morse -lay against the bank pointing eagerly .to u couple, of black objects slartlingly outlined on the glisteuing white of the snow, two objects that came flunking up from the invisible depths of the hollow, ?struggling -breast 3eep in the drifts, and at last Tcached -the /edge of the prairie, mid, followed instantly by an other couple, with their -long ears«pct, with outstretched neck -and cnger brayings, ckt tered away in pursuit oi the hvrA. ? Brewster: kne.wtbcm at a glance — t-'te.iTett's'ambulance mules. Indeed, the -broken pole was still dangling l«tween the two in rear -and bound ing with them over the frozen turf. (To b« 'continued.) 