NOTES FROM CHINA AND THE EAST. The Nippon gives the following news from Söul :-Tho Russian Government is now endeavouring to obtain the consent of tho Korean Court to the planting of a colony of 100 Russians, on the pretext of agricultural experi- ment, in the vicinity of Keikô-fu in the Kankyo-do. According to the Russian Government's representation, the colony is to be merely temporary, tho declared period of its presence on Korean soil being five or seven years. The settlers are to live in tents erected in fields whore the experiments are conducted. The land brought undor improvement is to bo roturned to the Korean Government after the expiration of that period of time. The Chinese Resident, Mr. Yuan (adds the Nippon), is oxert ing himself to prevent the Korean Government from falling a prey to Russian intrigue. The N. C. Daily News in it3 " Native Notes" says :-Rumours are rife amongst the natives in Hankow and at this port that on account of the failure of the Yuan Moi hong of the former place, indebted in some Tis. 40,000 to the three great steamship companies, Messrs. Jardine, Matheson, and Co., Messrs. Butterfield and Swire, and the China Merchants' Steamship Navigation Company, for freight, duties, Ac, the abovenamed companies have entered into an agreement with each other that from hence- forth no credit for such things will be given to any hong whatsoever, and that any infringe ment of the new rule will entail a penalty of Tis. 10,000. A Chinese young lady in Foochow lately married, finding that her parents had not provided the customary wedding gifts, returnod to her parents' house three days after the wedding, and informed them of her shame and disappointment, and going to her old room im- mediately afterwards hanged herself. It appears that tho reason of their not providing the gifts was simply on account of their poverty; and now they are suing the bride- groom for the loss of their daughter. A correspondent sends to the Siam Observer some details of an atrocious outrage perpetrated at 3 a.m. on the 7th January by a gang of robbers at Muong Non, half-way to Pratoom tani. They attaokod the house of a wealthy native, and shot tho owner dead. Then they cut of! both the ears of his daughter in order to obtain possession of her diamond earrings, after which they stabbed her sister in the stomach becauso she refused to tell where the valuables were kept. The mother only escaped through jumping into the water and swimming away. The house, it is needless to Bay, was looted by tho thieves, who are still at large. All within on hour's steam of Bangkok I An oflicial report from the Observatory at Nawa, Okinawa Ken, states that on the 19th December a luminous body, with a tail about 3ft. long, red in appearance, and apparently a little larger than the moon, was observed passing in the air, with an upward tendency, in a direction bearing from north-west to south-east. It is stated that tho MitBui-gumi and Mitsu Bishi Company propose to establish a large sugar refinery in Japan, probably at Moji, where coal is cheap. A blow is shortly to be struok at Wladiwo- stok, says a home paper, as tho raising of the freo port at this Russian centre in the Paeifio has now been definitely decided upon. Tho Customs tariff to be established is looked upon with much disfavour by the Russian population of the East Siberian port, who are chiefly de- pendent upon the imports from Shanghai and Japan for many necessities and luxuries in addition to thoso an nu all) shipped from Odessa by the A'oluntoer Tlect. Wladiwostok and its enviions produce scarcely anything. It was not anticipated that tho free port would be i fused before the completion of the Siberian Railway I rom npxt spring tho Volunteer Fleet will keep ono of their vessels permanently in Eastein waters tiading betwpon Wladiwo- stok, Nagasaki, Yokohama, Shanghai, and other poits, probably Korean ones. A Chinese friend carno in breathless a few days sinco with a very marvellous ghost story. His wife's brother, a young scapegrace, had just boon bunod. His death had been caused by dissipation. His sistci, our friend's wife, was vory much affected by the sad occurrence, and on tho day of tho funoral rushed wildly to the grave, seized a brick, and hurried back to the house Hei husband had followed her in astonishment, and on his return was still moro perplexed whon the ghost of his brother in law bogan to address lum through his wife's mouth. Toprovolns identit) theghostiecitedanoriginal poem and mentioned things whioh his sister could not havo known. He also picked up a pipo and smoked, a thing which the woman had novor done Ho apologised for borrowing his Bistor's tongue, saying that ho had very comfoi table quarters in tho lower woild, and left messages for Ina friends, the chief of whioh was that his widow should not marry again, Tho remaikablo thing about the manifestation, hovvevei, was the request of tho ghost that an account of Ina visit should bo sent to tbo Shanghai popors This shows unusual cnter jnise for a ghost. My friend related this account with great earnestness, and apparently believed himself to bo telling tho truth -N. C. Daily News correspondent. News has boen received from Chinkinng (says the N. C Daily Newi) to the effect that anon) mous and inflammatory placards have recently been posted in the town and vicinity of Yihn, within the jurisdiction of the Chin kiang Taotai. Tho pioduetions bear a literary st) le, and show that China has everything abo needs, and that missionaries aro teaching no new dootrmes to the pooplo. Thoy (the mis- sionaries) are therefore not wanted, and sn appeal is made calling upon patriots to collect on somo day to bo agreed upon, to kill and destioy " Weapons and fire," continue the placards, "aro tho best for the purposes in view" The missionaries in this instance are styled " Englishmen," but so for as we aro aware tho missionaries at Yihn are Scandina- vians, not Englishmen. The Rov. Thomas Cromwell Bush, who by tho death of his groat aunt, Mrs Elizabeth Oliverio Prescott, at the advanced age of 92, becomes the possessor of Cheshunt Park, claims tobo tho lineal desoendont in the female line of the Great Protootor. Riohard, who succeeded his father in the Protectorate, and loft tluoo doughtors only, none of whom appears to have had issue, was Oliver's third son, but ho had a younger brother Honry, Lord Deputy of Ireland. The great great grandson of this latter, Oliver by nome, inherited the estate of Richard at Theobalds under the joint will of his three childless cousins. Ohvor died in 1821, and his only surviving daughter, Elizabeth Oliveria, took tho estate into the family of the Russells of Cheshunt, having married Mr. Thomas Artemdorus Russell in 1801. Her oldest son lett a daughter as his solo representative, and that lady, by her mo.nago with tho Rev. Paul Bush, at prosent bon. canon of Truro, becamo the mother of tho present owner of tho Cheshunt proporty, which had, however, passed to the late Mrs. Prescott and her Bister, Mrs Warnor, jointly, as the survivors of a loige family. The Kov. Thomas Cromwell Bush is an Oxford man, having taken his dogieo at Heitford College in 1870 - Pall Mall Gazette. 