SHOCKING TRAGEDY AT SYDNEY. A shocking tragedy occurred at about 1 o'clock on Monday in Christe-street, Glebe, when a man named William Watson, a whitesmith or stove- makor, shot his wife with a revolver, and then blew his brains out. The only witness to the tragedy was the child of the unfortunate couple, a boy nine years old. About the time stated, the neighbours heard two revolver shots, and immediately afterwards heard faint cries of distress. Mrs. King, who lives two doors off, looked over the back fence into Watson's yard, and saw Mrs. Watson staggering about the yard bleeding from the face. Mrs. King and a Mrs. Wilson, who lives near, went to the assistance of the woman, who had fallen helpless in the yard. On wiping her face they discovered a bullet wound under her nose on the upper lip. The bullet had entered the skull, and Mrs. Watson was unable to give any account of what had happened. She was taken to the Prince Alfred Hospital. Police- sergeant Gibbons, who was sent for, entered the house, and on going into the front room, found Watson lying on his back on the floor quite dead and bleeding from a bullet wound in the right temple. There was a large pool of blood on the floor at the dead man's feet, and a five-chambered revolver, three barrels being loaded and two empty. There were spots of blood leading from the front room to the yard where Mrs. Watson fell down. Watson had been out of employment for some time, and was addicted to drink. His wife was known to be a very hard-working woman. Twelve months ago Watson's conduct to his wife was such that she took a situation as a domestic servant at Manly. After six months a reconciliation took place but her husband [illegible] and quarrels were constant. The pair wore friendly enough when Watson was sober. It is presumed that they were quarrelling when Watson shot his wife. Tho man was 45 years old, and his wife about 35. Before coming to New South Wales, the Watsons are said to have resided at Brisbane. The little boy says that when he came home from school, on entering the kitchen he saw his mother and father talking. Just as he reached the door way, he saw his father draw a pistol from beneath his vest and fire at his mother. He then put the pistol to his head and shot himself. He fell down, and his mother staggered into the yard and fell. The woman is in the hospital in a critical condition. Moffaxt anaj Co'e. Estate. — Tho trustees of this vstuto hope to be able tu declaro a dividuud in a shoit time. The unsecured creditors will get between 9s and IDs in ttie £. SALE uf I'huFEUTY.— Messrs. Cadell and Co., DaLbo, report having scld on account of Mr. James Spurkcs, his Kurrajung Property, 25U0 uures, nor Murrumhidgcric, tu Messrs. J. und C. Hill. The price was uniiueiitly sulisfuctory. Stock Thucki.nu.— Un Tuesday 90 trucks of sheep were seut by rail from Dubbo to the Sydney market. Owners by ruabing iu stuck just now uro ouly creating a glutted aud a low market. Muniual Entertainment. — A musical cuter- tainuieut, iu the shape of uiggur minstrelsy, is iu prcparatKiu, and will hu presented by iudy and gentlemen amateurs at the Masuitlo Hall, Duhbu, ou September the 19th. it is iu aid of the Albert Cricket Club fund. Fire _ Brigade. — The adjourned meeting in connecliuti with tho lire brigade will be hell ut the Town Hull, Dubbo, ou Thursday eveuing. Persons wishiug to curol are requested to send In their uuines without deity to Mr. T. W. Ueaydon, Secretary. Police Court. — The only case of importauco at the Police Court, Dubbo, this week, was that of three young meu uumed Foulstoue, Smith, and Ryan, charged with stea'ing from the person. Thoy were brought up on Mouday before the PuUco M.igiblrute, uud committed for trial, bail alio wet, self in £80, nnd twu sureties of £40 each. I nOROUUIinitKHA from BritKMNUIL. — M r. Joseph Hull, of the ialbrugar, has just purchased u couple nf thoroughbreds trom Mr. K. llouse, of JUrigunbil. They are by Cheviot — sire of May Day uud Stauinore. Ono is from Cigarette— a mare which will be remembered us having won races ou the Dubbo course. Mil. Henry Cofelanii, M.P.— A private letter from Sydney informs us tout Mr. lieury Cupolanii, late Minister for Lauds, is Hkoly to visit Dubbo some time in September. The honourable gentle- mail has long dusired to come this far, but from one oatiso ornuuthor lio wasuuuble to do uojwhilo lu office. ' The Memiieu for Djhdo.— Mr. James Morgan, member for Dubbo, will be in Dubbo n Friday. He is tuleayu .Sydney by mail train on Tliuraduy evening. The liouourubie geiitlemuu has been very hnsy during llm Let foituight, attending the several uovernmcut uupartments in reference to nutters uHcetiag the diotriot brought under his notice by his constituents. Aluysian Dramatic Club. —Tho members of this Club will reproduce " The 8ilvcr King," which was i cceutly so successfully presented by them, ou Wednesday, September nth. It is to ho played for tliu heuulit of tho Secretary, Mr. R. S. iVcsiltiiin, who, 3 r.mj the establishment of the Club, has tilled the office of secretary, anil laboured most strenu outly ou its behalf, Thk Duiiiio Watkh Workh. — Mr. Jnmes Morgan, M.P., iufunns un that Lite total eMtiiimltMl cost of the Dubbo Water Works is £13,484. The utmn.il instiilineut ptyalle bus boeu settlnl by tliu cilliciuls of the Works Department at £487 lls7d. This inc udes principal uud inti-rest, uud ut tlio end of 100 years the debt will be extinguished. The Weather. — The rain, which has been threatening for tho last weok, came dowu on Tuesday morning, and continued throughout tho duy uud, ut iutcrvuU, on Tuesday uight. Ou Wedresituy, it also ruined intermittently, and It is eiiduut we have not altogether done with it. Ttie fa 1 has emtio oppoitui.cly, so fur as fanning operations aud the grow th of grass uud hcrbugc are concerned. It will, no doubt, delny tliu shuuring, but the good it will do. will more than uiaka up for tho inconvenience. The Si'ittNo Fashion, s. — Mr. A. T. Rees, representative of Messrs. D. Junes and Co., Sydney, is now in Dublin, and tdinuing at tho Royal Hole! Sample Rooms the newest and most (mhiumible spring goods. Tho firm bus mude thin year some of the choicest- selections from the English ami Continciiinl markets, mid us customers can suit themselves hy inspecting the samples Mr. Bees has ou view in Duhho us w ell us if they went through the mumiuotli v arehouuu in Sydney, they should not miss the opportunity idforded them. Fitzoeralu'm Clituus. — This circus opened nt Dubbo ou Tucsduy uight, uud notwithstanding the had weather, there wa« a crowded attendance. Tho circus deserved all its popularity. The various feats of horeeinniiship, &r.;, were veil per formvd. 'The high stute of perfection to which these ponies mid horses have been brought r> fleets the greatest credit on Mr. D. Fitzgerald. The cige of Hons— into which entered Mr.'Gruhum— attracted a good deal of u'tuution, Tho circus is one of llie very host travelling, uud gives an excellent pciforiiiuucc. It is well worthy uf patronage. Acciiikkt to Mil G. S. Ja.mks.-Ou Monday last on accident occuried to Mr, (j. S. James, of the Glad«t»uu Hotel, WingewuiTu-strcut. In et mpuny with his son, Mr. Finnk James, lie was out in u tulky, nnd when near Burrabiidren, the veliiclu went into a rut, and Mr. Frank James was tlnovvu out. The home bolted, aud Mr. James wua aho thrown out, nnd in the fall ho sustained a compound frnctitro of the thigh. Mis s>m escaped with only a few hiuLscs. Mr. Wilhunt Cummins, of lhirr.ii adten, brought Mr. James into town, mid Dr. Du Moulin wau called in. itu aot thi> iniiin-il limb, mid, s<> far, the esse is going on well. Though it is feared theru aro spinal injuries which render Mr. James condition critical. Much Rympathy is felt for Mr. .James, who is on old uud respected townsman. | Legal Examination.— Mr. L. K. Surisier, B.A., has passu.! very ermlitaldy his final legal examina tion, uud on Salunday next, on tho motion of the Attorney- Generul, he will be admitted tu practise as ftu attorney, h.K-itor, mid proctor of the Supreme Court of New South Wales. Mr. Serisier is the youtigeatsmi of the late Mr. J. K. Scrisiet, who for yeara was tho ' king of Dubbo, " uud who u»tahlishcd tho Euuinlga vmeyar.l, Mr. L. E. Serisier went through a creditable University courso, and after getting his degree was articled to Mr. 11. J. J. Ryan, of Dubbo. His own friends and those of the family will, wo are sure, join us In congtAtulatiug liiin ou his successful examination, aud iu wishing him overy prosperity and good luck io tho profession ho has chosen, A Peculiar Law.— Two citizens of Bathurst, against whom verdicts whom had been previously obtuiued by the municipal council for using corporation gas without payment, wero unable to satisfy the judgmeut, havo liven sentenced to a month and fortnight in gaol respectively. The Victorian Crisis.— Both political parties in the Victorian Assembly are confidcut of a victory. Sir James Patterson has stated ho would do everything iu his power tu hasten tho division. Tlieo," added lur,' " wo will be ublo tn get ou wiUi tho Inonmu Bill." Tiik Grafton Bank Robbery.— Erskino Smith, accused of the robbery from the E.S. and A. Bank, Grafton, was before the Court ou Tuesday morning, and rotuanded for. eight days, no uvideuco being tukcu. Ball was allowed, self in £290, und two sureties each iu a like uniouut. Mr. T. F. Dtt Couruev Browne.— Tha Western ''Font," Mudgee, states that word ootues along of Mr. Brown having dropped in for something worth ! lus while. Ho has been cutniniseiuned by a Loudon company to go toCuolgardiu in its miuing interests at u salary of £850 pur annum. Hu is also to ho allowed a camel outfit and a man. This In itself is very doccnt, but it is said that tho M pickings" will amount to us muoh as tho salaiv. Death of Mr. w\ A. Flanagan.— Wo regret to havo to unnounco the death of Mr. W. A. I'iuniigun, mi assistant in tho Dubbo Post Office, llo was the youngest sou Mr. A. Funingaii, of Dubbo, Dueuiiuud who was only 20 years of ugu had been ailing for some lime, but it was uot till W eduesday week that his caso was looked upon its serious. Then hu took to his lied, uud Dr. ncsday, morning about two o'clock, the lung humior lingo recommenced, uud death ensued In about uu hour. Dcceatfud was very populir not only with his brother officials lu tliu Post OlUcu, but with such of thu gouerul public as his duties brought him in contact with, nud it is needless to say that his death is sinceroly mourned. The doepest sympathy is felt for Mr. aud Mrs. Flauagan, who are not only old rusidonts of Dubbo, but are well-known aud highly reopuctud iu Batiiurst uud other parts uf tho Western District. That Coaluauoik Guost.— The fame of this ghost has travullcd fur uud wide. Scarcoly a week passes but we receive letters respecting it from earnest students uf nsYuhio nliuuomuuu. Tho " Western Pot" of Mudgcr. has something fresh to say about the glmst, nud we reproduce it A witness to. that frolicsome and mischievous '' spook," which has caused such consternation to the Stuin fumily at Co.dlnigio, near Dubbo, has been iu Mudgco during tlio past fuw days, und ho rotates somu really ustouuding incidents. This " disembodied spirit" has a keen seuso of humour, us oviduueud iu tho fact of It gutting to tho potato heap and singing "The Buttle of tho Boyue " whilst Bi-nttering tho tubers, lb Is Invisible, hut lias many "friendly " chats with the people place. Due day one of thu tormented men uf the family took Ids gun and lirod whore the voice emanated from, hut the humorous ghost simply ciused tho gun to kick so terrifically that the ohnoList was sprawled on his back. Thu dogs oner when the " spirit " is about, nud it tukca tliu .Stein family a great deal of their time in replacing things which nro scattered about aud tn quenching tiros which are kindled about tho houso aud among clothes which aro packed away. There is no ho.ix about the thing." suys tho gentlemsu who is nun in Mudgec, " for I have witnessed tho poculiur proaeedlugs myself, and I huvo been lutimutely acquainted with tho Steiu family for fourteen years and have always found tliein to bo thoroughly truthful and straightforward puople. It is t» mystery altogether " The Buurbaii Bore.— Operations have been knocked off nt the Merrl Merrl bore, which has . Iicen sunk something over 1700 feat, the daily flow of water we understand, being about 2.590,000 gillous. The plaut (sitys tho Cuonatnhlu Times) has boon romoved to Gilgandra, where it is intended to put down a Intro, tha Nile chosen being tho police paddock. Many of the local rcsidcuts think a much better situ would be an the opposito sido of the river uoar tlio travelling stock reservo. Sensational Burglary in Melbourne. — A seuaatioiml burglary was perpetrated ut Richard son's Hotel, corner of Bourkc-strcet and Russell- street nt an early hnor on 8unduy morning. Thu liccnseo was awakened about two o'clock by heariug noises near his room, and ho found two men iu the passage. Ho called out " police " from tho front upstulrs windows, and was immediately struck on the hend by euo of the mon with a piece of iron, aud rendered insrnsiblu. la the meantime, Coustahle Mercer, who heard tho cry for holp, ran to thu rear of thu hotel, nud encountered the two hitrglurs ns ihcy were leaving the premises, llo closed with onoofthoip, nud dealt him a hluw with his baton. The second burglar then dtew a revolver ami lired three shuts at die countable, uud escaped. Ouo of tho bullets struck Mercer iu the neck, and mother in tho wrist. Riohurdson has recovered from tho blow from tho huiglnr, hut Mercer is budly injured, tbo wound on tho ueek being dangerous. The Meat Export Trade.— In an article contributed some mouths ago hy Mr. It. T. Keys, of Muswullluook, on his return from America und Europe, that gentleman represented Mr. Armour, thu gr«ut Chicago incut exporter, us saying, "If I w ore in Australia I would uot havo cuttle walking about woith only DOa when they would bring £25 lu London." Mr. Keys, gives his opinion rvgurdiug Mr. Guddes' experiments in thu shipment of live cattle hy the steumor Fort Firic. Ho also states thut four Muswellbrook graziers — Messrs. J. C. White, Edward White, Tliumas Cook, aud F. and H. Bell— in conjunction with himself, are arrang ing to nmkc a trial shipment on a Urge scale. Hotding thut, iu conformity with tho Ainericun experience, cuttle should bo handled fur u couple of days when young, and accustomed to eating and drinking in a stall, ho has induced Mr. 1. D. Murray Frior, a prornioent Queensland cattlo breeder, from whom storus are obtuiued, to handle a few hundred steers, in preparation for the voyage in their maturcr years to Great Britain. In common with other people who hnvo given tho qucatiou thought, Mr. Keys holds the commercial success of theso experiments to bo of tho find national importance, CONGRATULATION!! TO Silt ALFRED STEPHEN. — Sir Alfred Stephen entered hitlKJrd year on Mouday and tho occusion was marked by cvidcuces of goodwill which would havo been wellnigh over whelming had not some prudence been excroised. What theso amounted to (says the " Ht-rald ") is summed up thus 35 telegrams, 30 bouquets, 80 letters, und 112 calls sud visits. Tho bouquets included one from Lady Duff, aud tho congratu latory messages received by wire included one from the Governor .of Victoria, ono from the Governor of QuernHlnml, and one each from tho Chief Justice of South Australia, Victoria, aud Qnoeusland lospcctively. Among the letters received hy Sir Alfred wus one front Sir Henry Farkes and one from Sir Frederick Darley. The visitors included Major-Generul Hutton, the Consul for thu United St-ites of America, the Cousul for Sweden aud Denmark, Sir Alfred Roberts, und Mr. Quong Tart, who brought with him k birthday cuke. About 00 members of Nlr Alfred Stephen's family called upon him. The only persona who wore permitted to see 8ir Alfred Stephen on Monday were members of his family, Sir Alfred Roberts, und Mr. Quoug Tart, who called In his official costume, and wus therefore permitted to see tho veteran knight. Wo uro informed that Sir Alfred Stephen wus remarkably well aud cheerful. On Friday last Sir Alfred was called upon hy Sir floury Farkes, who uasPrimo Minister when Sir Aired resigned ufllco us Chief Justtcc. Sir Alfred relui red iu very feeling terms during tho interview to tho letter which Sir Henry wrolo him in accepting his resignation. The Pkiokof -Silvkh at Broken Hill. — The city editor of thu Syduvy Morning "Herald" writes : The advance in Broken Hill shares in Loudon to £3 has brought them to a figure not touched since July, 1893, when the price of silver fell consequent on the American disturbance. Tho t-pcciul demand of silver for the Es has no doulit aunt up tho prlco of tho share. Tho quotations uurrcut through tha year have ranged from £2 3s 9d to £2 12s Oil. The average bus been about £2 12s for tho pust month. A jump of 8s represents an 1 addition of 10s per cent, to I he paid-up price (if the 000,900 shares, equal to £384, CO", bringing the totul market value to £2,3811,099. The average prlco cf silver f'r a mouth prior to tho advnnco was about 2s 4gd per oz. Euch penny perouiico advance would make tho nmiual production of the mine (about 13j million ounces at tho lust fort night's rate of yield) worth £50,000 additional to to the company, to furnish interest on tha addition 9( £384(000 (o tho markej Yfllw the capital, Fatal Burnino Accident.— A burning accident which terminated, latally, occurred on Friday afternoon to a little boy named Scott, ugod two years uud eight months. Several chddrou weio pluying in Green-street, near the hospital, when Mrs. Scutt was attracted by screams from her little boy. Sho ran out and fuupd tho child's dress in flames. Sho managed to extinguish tho flames, hut not before ho wos seriously iujurcd- Dr. Sides wus called iu, but his ussiitance proved uf iio avail. Tho little fellow succumbed about live o'clock on Saturday inurniag. It appears that tho eliildrcn wore playing with matches, and by some nr r.thur IKh child's olutllCS CUUgllt. Mr. SuutL wuh not in town, lie being at preseut engaged un tho s.s. Undaunted, aud uu his way tn Buurke from Wlluauiiia.— Bourke 4 Herald,' Death op Mr. M Duraok.— Those who recall tho piuusera iu tho far west, not unfrequently termed the Never Never country, will regret to hear tho death of Mr. Michael Duraok, of Arcbor fluid, who was one of tho first squatters in the \icioity of Cooper's Creek id tor five week's Illness. Ono of his brothers, now resident of Western Australia, Mr. F. Duraok, made his way to the far aest iu 1885, aud took up a large area of country, same of which subacqueutly became known as Thylungra station. Ha gtadnally extotided his liouudurivs, and acquired thu Gslway Dowus run and other country. Mr. Michuel Duruck, just deceased, uud suveral other relatives joined hitn, aud fur inuny years wero the pioneers uf this part uf Queensland. Ultimately Mr. F. Duruck acquired the iutvrest uf his brother iu thu station properties and sold out tu the Queensland Co-operative Pastoral Cuuipauy for.— £J5QjKKi. Of that sum snares. ' A few yrars ago Mr. P. Dursck seitiA hi Wosteru Australia, and two yours ago he was joined by bis brother. . Tho latter afterwards took up his residence ut Arohertield, Brisbane, whero hu lived up tu the time of hie death. 