Our London Letter. Queen Anne's Gate, London, \- December 19, 1893. week I feel 'a regular croaker.' Of course, I everybody and everything -is getting ready for I Christmas and its attendant fatigues, to say I nothing of its indigestions. And there is no end I of fusses and excitements, and ' such a getting J up stairs and playing on the fiddle, &c.;' Don't I you find it rather a bore these periodical I aiJDacEE oi xeasts ana merxy-majoiigs, an tnese ? spasmodic and frantic preparations for some- I thing that never by any chance conies off, I and that is perfect content and satisfaction. I ? don't know what is exactly the matter, but I seem I to find lots of crumpled rose leaves in my temper I just now. Something quite new for me, isn't it? I The weather is horrid for one thing — cold and I damp and penetrating, and beastly east -winds, I that give you a congestion right across your corde I vocale — and you go about -with a miserable ex- I pressaon, and -a cocaine tablet, and a monotonous I and foggy and irritating 'Hem' — 'hem'— ? ** hem ' — ' hem.' But thank goodness up to bow I I have not been pressed into the noble army of I the ixtfluenzaists. ? We are going to have a lovely party on Christ- I mas Eve^ — a ghost party — everybody has to tell I a ghost story, ' a personal experience ' ghost I story — no funny business, you know, but a real I blood-curdling, penny plain, twopence colored I sort of affair. Nobody is invited who does not I possess an ancestral bogey manor woman of their I own. We are ]ust going in for a feast of ' creeps' I and to try and frighten ourselves to death as I nearly as possible, if not quite. The stories are I to be told in the dark, and it has been arranged I that we boys and girls all sit very, very close I together, and then if the situation gets too I srrained, or the ghosts (for some of us ar« 1 mediums, and we expect to see lots) are too 1 many or too pronounced in their attentions I why it will not be eo truly awiuL The dear I Mater seriously disapproves of this proposed dis- I tta'fcauce of the 'shades,' and says with, a I shudder she can never forget ' a Something ' that I she saw when a girL But papa says ' rubbish,' I and if there is ' any nonsense/' or ' screams,' or I ' gasps,' or ' signs of fainting,' he will tarn on I the electric light right away, and see what the I ghosta have to say to that. I Of course it's all nonserise, and I wouldn't say I this to anyone else for the world, but you are so I far away that it seems nearly like confiding a secret I to one's self. But, do you ever see things ? I do, I in the night cold transparent faces (you can sea I through them) come close, so close, and I breathe on your lips; what a chill it gives I you, and it seems to nearly stop yo*r I heart. and. then sometimes when y I are opening a door into a room that you know is I empty you feel that something on the other side I is trying to prevent you, and you throw the door I wiae open violently, ana in atngnt; ana a nurry, ? and you just catch a glance of the grey and misty H thing melting away and disappearing. Horrid, I isn't it ? And then when you are coming down- ? stairs, slowly and in the dark, thinking of the good I skating ..there is to be to-morrow, and what an U awfully nice fellow Jack, or Tom. or Dick, or ? Harry is, and you lay your hand on the balus- I trade — haven't youeverfelt that other hand laidon ? yours ? — heavy and firm, and assertive, and cling- I ing- and cold, and damp and clammy. Oh, this is I too lovely ! I am working myself up beautifully I for the seance ; but if you can't have ghosts at ? Christmas when can you have them i ? All our time seems taken up going round to select I and buy presents — so many things to think of — ? so many things to see — it makes you positively I giddy. Everybody nowadays from your great- I grandmamma down to your 24th baby cousin, has I to get a ' remembrance.' It is terrible the I way we toil, and the difficulty there is in picking I out from sueb. heaps of lovely things, the most I lovely of the loveliest. Of course, if you have I oceans cf money then it is all right, you simply I hny everything you fancy, or anybody else fancies. I If you could only see the silversmiths' and jewel- I lers' windows, full to bursting of delicious I presents. To-day I saw ? the most delightful I silver gilt tea and coffee sets, a deux; I and such, a pretty novelty in an afternoon tea I tray, to carry round, you know. It held four cups I and saucers, two plates for cake, and a cream, jug I and sugar basin. They were all so beautifully I chased with sprays of ivy leaves and berries, and I this arrangement does away with that aggra- I vating and irritating ' sugar and cream,' which I so invariably and effectually breaks up that I charming gossip you are having with the most I eligible man in the room. ~ I Then there is the surprise eggstand, where you I can find everythins except the egg, until you in- I noeently touch some mysterious spring, and then. I with, a jack in the box celerity, and a most Btart- I ling suddenness, up jumps your new laid one. I And there is a patent knife, that cuts fresh and I crumbly bread perfectly and smoothly, I and in such nice thin slices. So good for I roll bread and butter you know. And I the lovely things for the smoke room, I a glass ash tray, with a silver spider's web I stretched across, through which the ash falls. I Then here is a beauty, 'The Smoker's Com- I panion.' So poetical, don't you think ? Fancy I lighting your cigar or cigarette by the light of a I burning heart every time. The aBh tray looks I realistic, and like a gridiron, but still it is pretty, j But the most bewildering and maddening j part of the business is 'The Children's 1 Wants,' and this is the sort of list j each separate and individual darling concocts — I Mamma (reading a catalogue of the heart's desires I of her dearest boy) : ' A sled, a drum, a box of j soldiers, a horse, a pair of skates, a cart, a bicycle, I a gun, a boat, some candy, and a doll for Mary. I'm afraid that Santa claus can hardly bring you j all of these. You will have to cross something off the list, my love.' Dearest- boy, &c.; : ' Well, cross off the dolL' Troth is stranger than fiction. Here is a ro- | mance : Last week there died in the shelter of a \ convent Lady Gertrude Stocks, nun, novelist, and , marquis's daughter. Lady Gertrude Douglas entered early upon her cloistral life in a convent of the Good Shepherd. She spent many years there, not as novice, but as 'professed' nun, bound by all the vows. From these she was authoritatively and officially re leased, hers being one of the very few cases in which such dispensation is given, or, three average novels, but a few years after hex return to the worid she joined her brother, the Eev« Lord Archibald Douglas, in his work at a Catholio orphanage in the Harrow-road. She did her work there simply and completely, and brother and sister alike -made themselves the servants of the little waifs and strays they sheltered. To the I orphanage was attached a bakery for the partial self-support of the charity and the technical teaching of the boys. During Lord Archibald's absence in Canada, whither he had travelled in charge of some of his orphans, his sister took a step of which he had had no warning. She married the Baker. With her baker husband she set up a little shop near Brook Green — with small success. 'Very recently Lady Gertrude Stock wrote a novel, of which a baker was the hero. But her husband was away, trying to better his fortunes in South Africa, when she died. All that Lady Gertrude did she did on a very deliberate principle. The union of classes was her aim and desire. A woman of family transplanting- herself might make, she thought, a more effectual trait d' union. But the event had no consequences, there were no little bakers, and no results that went be yond the two persons and the two lives put to severe proof. Mr. Beerbohm Tree closes his theatre on Mon day night, in. order that he may respond to the toast of 'The Stage' at the. Actors' Benevolent Fund diftter at the Hotel Metropole. Mr. Burdett-Coutts, M.P., will also have the support of the Prince of Teck, the Due d'Aumale, and several English noblemen, while the genial Dean of Rochester, better known as Canon Hole, is expected to speak in the course of the evening. Madame Antoinette. Sterling, Signor Foli, and Mr. Sims Beeves are amongst those who will add to the harmony of the occasion. They say ' Whaf s in a name ?' A good deal, as some people find out to their cost. A fiddle by any other cognomen would not cost so much as this. The 'Stradivarius' violins, on which Mr. Chappell's four instrumentalists now play, on Mondays - and Saturdays, at the St. James's ' Pops,' are classed as follows, according to their dates: Lady Halle's, 1709; Mr. Eies's, 1710j Signor Piatti's, 1720 s Mr. Gibson's, 1728. -Theie united values are said to exceed £2000. 