ATTACKED BY INDIANS. The Red Tarn is a lovely little lake in North-Western Minnesota. Its banks are fringed with lofty pines, and the rough foot hills of a spur of the ' Beaver Tails' form craggy palisades full of caves. On the plain thus sheltered stood a big log farmhouse built by the Norwegian emigrant. Olaf Gunsberg was a good representative of the old vikings ; a man of gigantic stature, his hu^e, red beard giving him a ferocious aspect. He was one of the aichest of the jSorse emigrants, but with his flock and herds lie gave himself little concern. Ho left his affairs to the thrifty management of his wife. With his fiask of brandy, his rifle and his hounds, he spent the most of his time off in the pine forests in chase of moose, elk, and hear. His son, Thorswald, was the very opposite, not at all given to field sports, but a student instead. He was interested in chemistry, and had fitted up a laboratory of his own for ex periments. He had spent several years at school in St. Ppul, and then returned home out of health. His father had no patience with his tastes. ' The men of our race hacked their names with their swords all over Europe, and left learn ing to the shaven monks,' he said with a laugh like the roar of a wild beast, ' They had no use for chemistry.' But Thorswald was encouraged in his taste for science by both his mother and sister, and as his father spent little of his time at the ranch, the boy did not have a very bad time of it. One day during the year 1868 Gunsberg was sitting by the kitchen fire, having re turned from hunting. At the farther end of the big room tho women werebusy with house hold tasks. Thorswald sat on a wooden settee near the corner of the wide hearth talking with his mother and sister. The Norwegian suddenly turned on tho three. ' What are you telling there?' 'I was saying,' replied Thorswald, 'that your Leaping Dear came down at the lake this morning and warned me that the Crows and Blackfeet are gathering. Ho thinks wa will have trouble.' ' Br.vjgh-h !' growled the Norwegian. 'Th6 brutes are always plotting. They ought to be hunted like wolves.' 'Common prudence would teach us to takes some precautions,' Thorswald said gently. 'To the devil with common prudence !' interrupted his father. ' But we may may bo caught unprepared, father,1 said the boy. The big red- bearded hunter looked at his eon contemptuously between his half-closed eyelids and emitted a cloud of blue smoke. ' I will go out and hunt them as I hunt bears,' he said. 'But who has heard of a Gunsberg of the race of the Eric taking pre cautions'j-Thorswald, yourTilood is thin.' The tall, slender boy coloured, and still more deeply as his father added, ' I will leave the precautions to you and the women.' Nothing more was s aid until the next morning, when Thorswald joined Hilda in the barn. This barn had been constructed in one of the immense dry caves in the cliffs of the Tarn, adjacent to the farmhouse. The sides of the barn were smooth rock, and the floor of fine dry white sand. As there was no cellar under the farm house, the cave barn was used as an immense storeroom and not infrequently as a sitting room by the family in summer. Abc-ut 30 yards from the entrance stood a gigantic pine, which towered 150 feet above the summit; of the cliff. The trunk was holloiv for about 20 feet from the base, a dis covery made by Thorsw:t!d some years before. It was a delightful labour to hew it out neatly and contrive a room in there for secrecy. Ho also made an opening so cunningly concealed and covered with bark, that no one would suspect a thick door gave entrance'to the hollow chamber. It was the lad's Castle of Otranto, his cave of Ali Baba, his fortunes and his enchanted castle, and only to his sister did he confido tbe wonder ful secret. • ■ ' I wish father was not so reckloss,' he said to Hilda. 1 If he would only take ordinary precautions we might be perfectly safe here.' ' Wall,' oalti Hilda, ' the word 'precautions' is hateful to our father. He 13 the blood of the old Busikus. They rushed on death with gallant shout.' Thorswald smiled at her rising tones. • Y ou are a half a Busiku yourself, Hilda. Were you ever afraid of one of these Indian uprisings V ' No, not mush,' confos3ed Hilda. ' I suppose I om too much like father. But I should like to hear them if you have any plans of defence,' she added, laughingly. ' I don't think I'll tell you just yet,' he said ; ' girls are sure to blab.' ' Then I m off,'said Hilda. Thorswald busied himself some time in ex amining the immense gates. He measured with tape-line the distance of the great pine and drew a rough diagram. Then he wont into the chamber in the'pine and examined his supplies of chemicals. He put hia big eloetric battery in working order. The nest day the new& came that the Crows and the Blackfeet were on the war- path. Cattle were bein<* driven • off, horses stolen, houses burned, crops destroyed, and all white farailio3 exterminated. Mr. Gunsberg was still absent, and the Norse matron had to rise to the situation. : ■ The herds were driven out of the woods close up to the house, "»nd the horses were CDralled. She expressed no fears, but Thorswald saw her furtive looks out on-the leafy glades and out over the broad prairie, and he came to her side manfully. ' It is time father was home. Let me go seek him.' 'No,' a lie said promptly. 'Your father vrill be here soon, and he likes not a woman's feara. Ho cannot understand fears.' As they spoke a great shout went up from the people out3ide. Gunsberg with his wolf dogs and deerhounds galloped up to the door. The horse was covered with foam, and his sides were bloody from the spurs ' By the gods of my fathers, but I am in good time !: he shouted, as he sprang from his beast. ' In with the cattle and sheep and horses ! I had to ride and run for it. There are two thouaand in one band to the west of us. They will be here !' • All terror and confusion ceased at once. Tha herds were driven into the farmyard, where a ditch was dug out as a breastwork. ' The? will arf-.ttoh fit nirrhh' fluid Tluira. ■wild. . 'That is true,' answered his father, with a flush in his eyes. ' They steal on you like a cat. Take your mother and sister to the barn.' 'I think my place is here by your side, said the boy. ' Takis the woman to the cave, and see that you keep their outcries down,1 repeated Guns berg. When the female portion of the house hold wa3 behind the big gate3 the Norse man with a laugh swung the doors to. ' Stay there, boy !' said he. ' I cannot fight with women and childrenxlinging around my knees.' Thorswald raged. Tears of wounded pride, shame, and anger rose,to his eyes, but his mother said, 'Ho knows whit is best for you, Tbor.' ■ The matron made - arrangements in the cs.ve for sleeping. The terrified women be came calm, .is they realised that they vrero in a phce of comparative safety. The solid walls of rock dulled every sound from out side. About midnight the-garrison stood oil the alert, for dim shadows were discovered flitting through tho pines, and grouping and massing out on the plain. Gray Eagle, the Crow war chief, mar shalled the Indians into two columns for a rush to carry the farmhouse by storm. On they came in tho moonlight, yelling, and though the steady fireof Korwccrimis thinned tneir ranks, the Crows closed up every time, and at la3t jumped the breastwork. Then it vras gunstock against"hunting-knife. Gunsberg's great form, towered over lus foes, and rained blows around like a Goliath, Grey eagle met him and was crushed. A ch eer then wont up, and then the blood of I battle blinded the giant's eyes, though ho was I dimly conscious of. a; slender form at bis side, and whoever it was lie- warded off many a deadly blow, and be pursed the Indians hot and heavy as they made off with the body of ] Gray Eagle. - But the conflict was over for a moment. Gunsburg looked around on his herdsmen, a dozen of them lying at his feet. 4 Another such victory, he sighed, ' and we are underdone.' 'They outnumbered us ten to one, father,' said Thorswald. -- The Horsemaii turned. ' Ah, it was you, hen ! And you eaw the fight ? Ay, you did —and took your part like a man, I remember it all. All knew t.he Indians too well not to feel, sure tRafc the attack would bo repeated before morningr. The wsunded were oarriad into the barn and the whole force accompanied them. The ranch-house, the cattle and sheep, and the ricks, were abandoned. About three o'clock Indian yells burst on the air. and simultaneously a lurid flame shot up from all the ricks of hay and straw. The neighing of the horses in the stables raised with the frantic hollowing of the cattle and the crackle of the flames, excited the Busiku blood of the Norseman to fury. Ho filled a tankard from the brandy barrel. No one dared reason with him. Suddenly ho flung back his long hair and strode to the door. Thorswald flung himself in his way, but wss thrown aside. ' Shall a Norseman of the King s blood skulk in hole like a rat ?' he shouted. As he spoke he caught up up a ponderous broad-bladed woodman's axe and swung it in glittering circles around his head. All shrank at the fiery blaze of ilia eyea. None dared lay a hand upon him. With a shout like Hector rushing forth from the gates of Troy, he dashed out into the smoke and flame of the burning farmyard. Swing ing the axe around his head he flashed on the Indians. The heavy gate3 swung to behind him with a terrific clang. Thorswald made no effort to follow his father. Ha darted to the side of the cave and disappeared into the short subteranean passage-way ho had excavated to the hollow Dine. The chamber in the tree was loop holed, and he could see the Homeric com- I bat in front of the light of the burning ricks. The giant was surrounded, but his axe swung remorselessly, and the Indians fell be fore him. But, qnick a3 the strokes of the broad-axe fell, Gunsberg's foes fell quicker. Thorswald had not gone into his pino to be a spectator, but was dealing out bullets from a very po wer ful air-gun. The Indians stopped panic stricken, as mysteriously one after another fell. But just as Thorswald was congratulating himself his father reeled blindly, staggered, and fell. A painted Crow brave sprang uplifted knife to scalp the giant—but Thorswald sent a silent bullet his way. The savage threw up his arms with a shrill scream of ageny. The panic was completed, and the Indians fled in a crowd. They continued to fall as they rushed past the burning liay-rick3, and, amazed, they darted into the pines helter skelter. Thorswald opened his secret door in the pine bark, rushed out and drevr his father's body into the chamber. He hurried through the subterranean passage and called for help, and in a few minutea the body of Gunsberg was carried into the barn. Thorswald hastened baek to his wooden fort. Indiana were nowhere visible, but he saw they had only retreated so as to be out of range, and were probably planning a fresh attack. His great fear was that they next would pile hay and straw agrinst the big barn door and set it afire, and he hastened to bia electric battery. He carried the long Bpirals of wire out to the iron bars of the gate. A grim smile lit up his face as he realised the terrible shock the Indians would receive when they laid their hands on those bars. He hardly gained the tree again when a big crowd of painted savages made a rush all to gether with uplifted tomahawks to batter down the entrance gatos of tho cavo barn. Their sudden yells of horror and fright nwde the boy dance with delight. The Indians sprung back in amazement and terror when their tomahawks struck the heavy gate. . 'Howgh! howgh !' they yelled,'the white chief's gate ia bewitched !' They turned and fled. Thorswald sent a few bullets from the air-gun amongst them to complete the rout. Howgh ! big white chief was again slaying his fees by magic. 'If I know the superstitious Crows rightly,' Thorswald muttered, ' the next fright I give them will scatter them like chaff and last them till daylight.' He took with him a large bottle phos phorous and crawled forth on hands and knees. The darkness was intense : creeping up to the big barn door, on its great flat sur face he racidly drew in outline with tho phosphorous a full-length portrait of the dead chief, Grey Eagle. The likeness grew and stood fc;rth in the darkness in lines of fire. When', the work was finished he crept back in haste.to the hollow pine and awaited results. The Crows again recovered from their panic and came on with yells and threats to attack the barn. Thorswald could sea them leaping through the farmyard in great numbers ; but as they dashed at the barn, an indescrible yell burst on the night air. The Sary figure of the dead chief threatend them with uplifted hand, and with a simul taneous cry of terror, they fled back to tho dense woods. Then day came. The farmhouse and its surroundings wera smoking ruins, but the inmates of the cave were unharmed. Thors wald found his father drunk, not dead. Help came duriDg the Jay. The frontiersmen south of the Bed River had banded together and formed a company of soldiers. The Crows were driven across the frontier into Canada with heavy loss, from which the tribe never recovered, and Minnesota was relieved from the spectre of rapine and blood. For years the legend of the great chiof's ghost s:ory was a frontier story, and even now it oan be heard among tales of the early settlers' days, told by Minnesota firesides in tho long winter nights.—u Exchange." 