MISCELLANEOUS. From the latest files to hand we ( Sydney Morning Herald) take the following interesting items : — The marriage of Prince Adolphus of Teck and a daughter of the lJuke of Westminister is to take place on jno vember 28th. : It will be attended by the Duchess of York, sister of the bridegroom. Thero is to be a joint celebration of tlie golden wedding of the Earl of Bradford, the silver wedding of his son, yiscount Newport, and the coming of age of the latter's eldest son. An author named Simms, who when a bov lost both hands through boinc caught in machinery, and now writes with a piece of leather fixed ou the stump of his right arm, has just pub lished a book on the bibliography of Staffordshire. Ladies and gentlem-n are said to be hop-picking in Kent as a cure for in somnia, the hop being regarded as an opiate. A railway is likely to bo constructed :to the summit of Snowdon, and a large hotel is to be erected there. The electric underground railway, which is to run under the Thamesfrom the Mansion House to Waterloo sta tion, will be a mile and a half in length. The city terminus will form a monster circular subway, occupying tho whole space fronting the Mansion House. ' Since the opening of the Town Bridge, the daily number of foot pas sengers has been 55,509, and of vehi cles 6074 Excavations show that Pompei, which existed six centuries before Christ, was well paved and well supplied with drinking water. Some of the earliest inscriptions related to elections. The year's excavations at Troy have been confined to laying bare tho en tire fortified wall in the sixth layer of the ruins. Excavations in Upper Egypt brought to light a set of wooden statuettes of soldiers, showing thecostumes of troops of the Pharaohs. The Soudanese of to-day are clad and equipped exactly like the pyramid-builders. Blood oranges are now prepared artificially, the ordinary oranges being punctured and a small quantity of claret injected. Every animal kept by man, except ing the cat, is taxed in Austria, and now there is actually a proposal to tax cats Mummy wheat, taken from the Egyptian tomb, was recently planted by Lord Winchilsea to see if it p®s sessed the trerm of life : but it merely rotted away. This announcement called forth letters in some of which it was positively stated that wheat and peas, at least 3000 years old, taken from mummy cases readily grew on being planted in this country. Others record unsuccessful attempts, and de clare that growth aftor such a lapse of time would be an impossibility. It is estimated that in London alone nearly one million pawntickets are is sued every week for sums under ten shillings. The Exhibition at the Agricultural Hall, Islington, embraces the con fectioners', bakers', grocers', and allied trades. Some 40,000 loaves made in the Hall were sent to aid the families of the Scotch miners on strike. . The recent cab- strike cost £8111, theincome from collections, fees, -kc., exceeding that amount by £91. The London General omnibuses carried 65,000,000 passengers in the last half year. A post-card, posted in Hampstead to an address not five minutes' walk from the se'ider's house,' made a journey of 26,000 miles. In the post the card slipped into a newspaper bound for Tasmania. On reaching Tasmania the cajd was discovered and returned to the sender in a letter. A ' ghost,' which was to bo seen waltzing nightly near Dorchester, was captured by a party of men and women armed with sticks, and turned out to be a laborer draped in white. The man's wife was actually one of the at tacking party, and the ghost wns so bruised with the sticks that he had to be taken to the hospital. 