SYNOD AT ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL. CATHOLIC INSPECTOR'S REPORT OF CA SCHOOLS. The annual synod of the Catholic clergy of the archdiocese was opened on Tuesday at st Patrick! s Cathedral 1 no Mass of the Holy (Short was celebrated prior to the meeting During the proceedings the Rev EC Ganly inspector of Catholic schools paid his annual report The total number of primary schools now in operation is 10) the number of pupils is W 357 of whom 631 are now Catholics the teachers numbered 37% 121 belonging to religious communities One thousand three hundred and ninety six pupils are educated at colleges and high schools and 150 at once He schools This mi(Les a total of 18 213 rather Ganly a report contains the following paragraphs - During the year sums representing a total of £17 lil 11s 10d have been expended and the archdiocese for educational pur- posts Of this amount, was New 18s Iel went low in Is the maintenance of existing, schools v hill the land mee was disbursed in building operations of various kinds Two new s noola namely) St Joseph's Infants, Collingwood, and fat Mar) a Seymour-have Lead erected since last report Huso are admirably adapted for the purposes for which they are intended St. MaryA. Kyneton, and St John's Clifton Hill have also under gone extensive alterations and improve Among the many good results of which the Cathedral I air has been productive not the least appreciable is the opportunity it has afforded of placing before the public some of the results of Catholic education in the archdiocese As the tree is known by its fruit so the generous vine of Christian teaching may be judged in a manner by the display of educational exhibits now to be Eton at the Exhibition building Uns cool It action is so eloped not of a rise, of industry, of energy that any effort to describe it would only minimise the effect it is calculated to pre luce no less competent and impartial p. witness than 7 Ac At ins says of it A Visitors to St. Patrick a Fair » he may have found it next to impossible to get away from the brilliant display of booths in the main] aisle should certainly make a special effort to witness the display of work made by the pupils of the high and primary schools man turned I) the various Catholic bodies The isluhitDii not only desires close inspection from the b ant) of the work shown, but it affords a high compliment to the thorough lipssofthe o) stem of education imparted at those establishments In My ing the of alimony of an honorable and unbiassed mind to the excellence of the author of schools of the archdiocese, as can precinct) proved by the array of evidence which he witnessed, the writer of that a recent e Ifecttd ii two told goo 1 He served to infuse till childish column) that the teaching of religion and morality limits the scope and dwarfs the development of the intellectual faculties but he did more He brought one again into prominence the attitude of tin C whole community whose action on the ethics tional question is an eloquent and Binn line protest against the state established sitting of! secular instruction, which in union v with many of the most enlightened nil tubers in the denominations the) believe to bend uni) destructive of Christianity), but fraught with disastrous consequences to the future of this country Dunne, the year I rather Ganly examined in' schools which are classified in the follow ing order of mind I HOT CLASS infant Schools St, Ignatius Richmond St I vessels Victoria parade ht Jobjl a belt Se] be in t aS 1 over an 11 and s fe 11 by Euphrasia a Abbotsford, St. Josep his Collin? wood St Johns J C (ton Hill 1 cORonation Convent Windsor St Marys Houlong , St, Michael s Jill St. Mary s Mr M lío) a Girls and Mixed Schools. at Ignatius Gris Richmond nil So far back Girls Victoria parade equal be Micha is N of St John's O H be 1 Euphrasia 2 Abbotsford br Mary's Girls Geelong, Presentation Convent Girls W-t-,0,, st lost] his Girls a SS later and lain a Girls hM, St John's his, St, Hans W H Pt Hernani a Bacchus Marsh be James Elsternwick SS Peter and Pauls Hoyt, S M Convents h) i eton Convent S Nichol, son street Fitzroy St Joseph s South Yarra v St Mary's Convent S MmisuYIri Junior Boys, Se, lists is St Thomas Millbrook Presentation Convent Juill boys St. leaders senior boys St Briefly CM! once be Josephs Cleve be Musgrove's Opera. British are be. Alan a bunt bury St Patrick's Kildare Holy Cross Daylesford (-creed that I.'iiliibtcn it Mun . Boys (Geelong sense his MirciUth St Ambrose's Boys is So tatnell a Royal, Klhnoie St Brigid's and St St lar)s W 89 1 clerk and I had a Ooiloin, Se Jones his I debt Monica's L. St Ambrose s Vi excel I Salary included st Patrick's token ham St Michael a Ormond St, Thomas' line s dall 6 Iris Ord haulage Oeeloi g St, Joseph a Malvern's Brisid a b li , St Mar) a Troiithuu St Francis Beulah) street St fell in love 11 Ot|lannge,A, St (Scores St Johns Wallace SECOND-CLASS St, Catherine a (I ; St. Marys Bora, Kyneton St. Johns O St. Mary's Castlemaine by North Seymour St. Peters Ilpili. St. Brendan s I St Josephs five Sisters of Mere) S M St, Am of Tara dale be Joseph a 11 St Mary a Romaev Mount St Mary's K) netou Sacred Heart his St Monica's I St, Joseph a Tallarook, st Mary s Malmsbury Sacred Heart b. Trentham by loss of a. Cain) ispo , St 1 but a Carlsruhe St, Alipius Oak leave,! St Berchmans Camberwell's banded SALE . St Josephs Mount Prospect by Jams Olcitlvon Infants' School Sacred Heart Nicholson street 1 iron THIRD CLASS. St Paul's Coburg, by Ambrose. Riddell's Cricket Enters I 11 St. Johns, Veitch am he Patrick's Girls Kilmore's Auctislinis Bourke street St F Xavier's liberton St, Mart a Boys VI VI Our bodies MR St picnics Heidelberg, Atlantic s Korweinguboora. FOURTH CLASS St Roi yards UccIoiik , be Parishes, Qordona, Bt.«dt,ld3 Milton 