| THE CUBE OF STAMMERING. Many peppta regard stammering as merely 'a bad habit/ In so far as the defect be comes moi'o marked in conditions of excite ment and self-consciouanfcsS this is; after a lashiun, crL'o ; a!id the mind may be brought in to help the removal cif thb' impfcdimerit. There is a story told of a woman in Strasburg, who was told that the stammering with which she was afflicted was caused by tho devil. Therefore, every timeshefelt that the impedi ment was about to interfere with her speech she muttered under breath,' 'In tho name of the Father, {he Son, and tho Holy Ghost.' and tbeti turned round, opat, and said to the devil; ?That is for thee !' This exorcism, it is said, always atbppeS tha attack; liingsley, who himself had conquered the tfiJntle; ad vised stammerers whem speaking to actioih pany each syllable with aomo movement of foot, in order by the muscular effort to dis tract attention from tho speaking. This is helpful in cases where tho stammer arises from timidity, shyness, or anxiety, but will not prove efiVctiVo in ail; The first essential in tho care of dtalnlnqr ing ia correct breathing, because ono of tlio habits of confirmod stammerers is to speak with exhausted lungs. Mr. Behnko's method commenced with what ho called ' diaphrag matic drill' — that is, breathing from the diaphragm instead of tho short, jerky, hard, clavicular breathing which i3 common. Dia phragmatic breathing, where the resistance is only of soft partsi not only permits of the fuliaeration of the lung, but c'atl be controlled to a nicety, whereas clavicular breathing, pushing against the harder parts of tho thorax is ript to be short and jerky. This mere matter of proper 'oreathitig .will often enable a patient to pronounce the letters ovef which he habitually stumbled. After the breathing comes ' phonation drill,' i. c., the proper UC? of tho vocal chorus. Why is it that while a trained orator can address a largo meeting for an hour or two on end without fatigue, and without apparently raising his voice above the ordinary tono of conversation, his un trained rival shouts and silrieks himself into a state of husky exhaustion til less than half the time ? Because tho first knows how to ii.se his voice. Ho pironounces each syllable clearly;, yofc , not .with 1 bain-storming' emphasis ; he knows how to produce ii clear and resonant tono, and that without straining or forcing his voico. What the ordinary man needs, the stammerer needs still more. A.bove all, he needs practice in that prompt and sure action called ' shock of the glottis.' To attain this the patient should bo told to sing a number of staccato tones, each one preceded by a short inspiration. The throat thus be comes accustomed to prompt, sharp action, and tho voice is more easily managed.—"The Hospital." 