A CRITICISM HEARD AT THE CORNER, — THE POLICE IN LABOUR TROUBLES. Listening now and again to the talk one hears on the streets among the various groups that meet to discuss politics and other public matters, one can not fail to be struck with an occasional pertinent suggestion or idea as it falls from the lips of men whom years and study have rendered wise, and whose opinions are therefore worth noticing. Political ecomony comes in for a fair share of criticisms at many of these street gatherings and yesterday evening we heard the so-called retrench ment policy of the Government get a knock that ought to stagger it at anyrate. The speaker was a miner, and when we joined his audience, he was holding forth on the wastefulness of the police department, and vouching on his sacred soul ' That less than half the number of police than we have would suffice.' 'We have two in Greta,' admitted a listener, thoughtfully, ' and they do not have as much work in a year as would employ one of them for three months — and Greta is said to be a devil of a place,' he added, ruminatively. ' You had two in Greta, you mean,' remarked the first man, correcting him, ' and you had also an ornamental and highly-paid C.P.S., but at the present moment you have only one ' trap,' and he is able to do the whole of the work that used to occupy the three. Aye! andnotlos6a moment's sleep over it neither. I tell you men, Dibbs' retrenchment pretence is too thin. It's scan dalous the money that is paid away every veat to idle men in the nolice de partment and other branches of the Government service. Notice how quick when there is any labour trouble on they can thin out the officers in towns and. villages and draft them away in hun dreds to the scene of operation?. Where ten are stationed constantly seven or eight are perhaps withdrawn and Bent off ' to ' maintain law and order' [A voice : ' Yes ; to crush down the workers and back up the capitalist'] Exactly. The couple of men left behind can always manage to preserve the law till the other eight return, and the short and long of the matter is we are every year paying a horde of idle, lazy men, whose sole duty it is to get fat and be on hand to assist in terrorising the workers if they venture to demand their just dues.' ' Yes, that is so far correct,' remarked an audi tor; 'but, you know, law must be maintained even in times of strikes or lockouts. If we had no extra police at such times, rowdyism would be certain to occur. How would you act in that case ?' ' I'd make the people themselves the law,' re torted No. 1, promptly. ' I'd make it an obligation on every householder and young man who had arrived at the age of discretion to assist in main taining the law, and if it was a good, healthy law I'd not have any trouble in having it upheld in the meantime. I would send three-fourths of our present policemen about their business, and assist the force left behind by swearing in all respectable residents as special constables and without pay. Good men would come forward in thousands to aid in such a scheme ; gladly, as I said before, if the laws were just and fair. We do not need to feed up an army of lazy men, and clothe them like gentlemen merely that we may have them should a fancied need for their services arise. If there were fewer policemen and better laws, we'd have fewer strikes and better employers. If a man means to go a journey he does not generally hire a horse a year in advance. He waits till he is abont to start. That plan saves his keep and hire considerably, and we ought to act the same with the police. When we really need 'em we will always find plenty of law abiding people to uphold the law : free, gratis, for nothing. But injustice would have to sweat.' 'By ghost, yes. You've hit it, old man,' re marked several listeners, earnestly, and drawing closer to the gifted lecturer. ' If we can do with out Mahood, now he's away at Stockton, and with out a C.P.S., too — why not do without 'em alto gether, and let 'em go an' work ?' ' Did ye ever see such demnitioned rows in Greta all yer days as when Duffy was up here with his 120 ? traps' ?' now queried another reconstructionist, eagerly. ' You trust the p'leece to kick up trouble, perticklerly if they're badly bossed. Look at the rows they hev made at Plattsbnrg, an' notice how wisely the officers at Stockton hev met the trouble.' 'Yes, indeed,' responded another ; ' we was to be made 'eat 'possums' then— hut did we do it?' 'Bah! They're cows — they wants puttin' down,' growled an anarchist in the crowd. And then we thought on a possible hidden bomb, and retired, Greta, Saturday. 