The Last Fight in Armor. The constant attempts which aie . being made in our day to find protec tion for men against the 'deadly modern rifles lend interest to the ac count of what was probably the last appearance in the field of men in armor. In January, 1799, a party of some 400 French held the town of Aquila, in the Abruzzo, a town de fended by walls, and having a small -weak fort. Although the inhabitants of the town were well disposed towards the Erench, the peasantry, as in Spain, were , most hostile, and when Championnet, with , most of the French forces at Borne, had marched on Naples, they at once rose in insurrection, and. -attacked the party holding Aquila. 0n*January;16 the insurgents suddenly penetrated' into the 'town, though they -were soon,, driven out again ; but in March they . got parties into the town during the night, and drove the French into the. fort. The band of peasants united for ' the attack amounted to some 10,000 or 12,000 men ; and, barricading the streets, and making loopholes in the walls of the houses, they soon made a line of defence which the French could , not penetrate. On the other hand, work as the insurgents might, they had no artillery, and the guns of the fort pre vented any assault. Thus, secure be hind their walls, the garrison remained for some time in quiet. On the glacis in front of the fort, and exposed to the fire of both sides, lay 12 iron guns on - skidding, or pieces of wood, which the French had not had time to bring into the fort. Without carriages they seemed safe, and the only precaution taken was to keep two of the guns of the fort, loaded with grape, laid on them during each night, with a gunner ready to fire on hearing the noise any attempt to move the piece would occasion. One nisrht. the ffunner on s-uard. hearing a noice near the guns, fired ~- one of his pieces, but the sound con tinued. The officer of the artillery . ran to the spot and again fixed ; yet still the sound did not cease, though it seemed to get further off. Nothing could be done but to wait for day light, and then it was seen that the?, insurgents had placed a capstan -in a house near the guns, and then had led a rope from it to make fast to the breech and to the trunnions of one of the coveted guns on the glacis. Bound went the capstan, and the gun obeyed the rope at first, but its breech, dragging along the ground without rollers under it, soon made a furrow which became so deep as to stop its movement after the insur gents had got it some 10 paces nearer them. It -was a clever trick, but done by a man not learned in artillery matters, for had the gun been ar ranged for parbuckling (ie. rolling) the work should have been easy enough, However, the French, look ing anxiously over their parapets, -were as much puzzled what to do as the besiegers. First, they turned their,gnns on the house to which the rope passed, and ?when they had smashed, its wall, they saw the capstan had been placed in ft cellar, and that for the present at least the fallen -wall made it useless. A great part of the life of an artil lery officer is spent in making or in checking inventories of the stores in : the magazines in his charge, a large proportion of -which are generally obsolete oddities, most useful to some former generation whose wars have long ended, but becoming more and more formidable puzzles to succeed ing military generations each year they lie in store. Boulart, the officer of artillery, ransacking his brains for the means of sending out men to spike the guns on the glacis, under the fire of the insurgents front' the neighboring houses, suddenly remembered he had seen in his magazines some suits of plate armor, and he proposed to try -whether, protected by them, men. could not sally out and .work in seeu- ^ , rity under musketry fire. He got ; together 12 complete suits, and dressed out 12 gunners and grenadiers, thus selecting big men, be it remarked. At a certain hour the garrison lined the covered -way, and from thence and,, from the fort opened a steady fire of. musketry and of artillery on the lines of the insurgents. Then out marched the 12 knights of the eighteenth cen- ; tury, much in David's state of mind., when he complained he had not proved ' ' his armor. The men carried hand-' spikes, hammers, and spikes. Moving . naturally, slowly, and awkwardly in their heavy steel mail, still they succeeded in completing their work under a hail of bullets from the in surgents. , '.'..' ~.:~ - The scene ia^ 4escribed, «a .we can ? well believe, to have been most reV markable, and to have had something ?'. picturesque and also diabolical about it, As the mailed figures moved in.. . silence amongst the guns, their hand- - - spikes looking like maces, their silence, and the slowness of their action ' seemed unnatural under the steady '. hail of bullets. The insurgents were_ believed to have thought hell itself* i-ad sent forth these extraordinary- an- tagonists, ghosts of a past age ; while ? the French on th,e ramparts, true to ' their nature, the first moment of anxiety over, burst into roars of laugh ter. , . . '-. . Not only did the men succeed ui spiking ihe guns, but they even went ' as far as the house .where the capstan '._, had. been placed, cut the rope and. ., brought it into the fort. Then Hhsf* returned in triumph, for though they had been struck many times, yet only ' one man had been wounded -in Ids' aim, and that because the piece of the ' . armor, the brassart, ? which should;,, have protected the limb,' had been| ' wrongly fastened, and had ., fallen o£E.y: After this, the siege became a mere'-.' , blockade until March 23, when a i£- ; - lieving force arrived, and -£he insur- . ' gante, taken between them and Hoe. * jarrison, -were driven ofE, - - -X.' 