R US, F ATRI a. OGhosts and goblins still live and rule in the ilaginations of innumerable Irish mlen and wotuen, and not merely in renmote places, but close even, to big cities. It is down West wanr atnutg, the deep' bays.' asd .mountidin valleys ol :;tigo that. I have heard the Iuest tales and found the most ardent belief.' .There, many a peasant dreams ofi growing rich by finding. a fairy's crock of gold, and many a peasant's daughter itrembles. as she passes some famons hauntedt hillside, and goes over in lher mind the names of men and women oirried off, as tradition will have it, to the dim kingdom. Only;very recently one of these fabled robberies was' reported to have been attempted. A little girl, who was at service with a fanrlier in the village of Grange, suddenly disappeared. There was at once great excitement in the neighbour hood, because it was ru"soured that the fai ries had taken her. A villager was said to have long struggled to hold her from them, but at last they prevailed, and he found no thing In his hand but a broomstick. The. local constable' was' applied. to,' and he:at once instituted a house-to-house search, and at the same time advised the people to burn all the bnealauns (ragweed) on the fleld' she vanished from, because bucalanuns are sacred to the fairies. Tihoy spent the whole night burning them, the constable repeating 'spells the while. In the morning the little girl was found, the story goes, wandering in the field. She said the fairies had taken her away a great distance, riding on a fairy horseo. At last she saw a big river,' and the man who tried to keep her from being car ried off was drifting down it-such are the' topsyturvydoms of fairy glamour - in a cucckleslell. Bridos and new-born ulildren are especially in danger. ' Peasant mothers, too, are sometimes carried off to nurae the children of the fairies. At the end of seven years they have a chalice of returning. and if they do not escape then are ahirtys prisoners. A wonman, aid still tsDbe living, was taken from near a village called lBallisodare, and when she 'came home after seven years she had no toes --shi had danced them off.-l- . I. Yeats, in the Leisure Haour. 