WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? MIns It. HI. J?ENNI?is lives at No. 211. Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. Botas they went into the parlonr the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic statue. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt- sleeves were rolled up, and in. one hand lie carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw? " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights. On ithe fourth of.these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by; icelat seemed like the caliing of m4l Itameic; and: at the foot of the bed stood tihe image of mj: mother just as she looked five- years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she waits killed in "a" rail: way disaster. I screamed and fainted. ,I-was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I! would never get well.' 'Yet I ;l, I.,l a. n -i. perfect health uuna.' I :,. ie-: i., vion came of my weak nerves, for I' e never: sect it since, and it's more than three' years a'go. No doubt it was tlioe nerves. "Why, there'd no enid to the tricks the'nerves will play, off on youli liei you systeni is out of condition. lit" Mareb',.. 18904, it as;? tbit MIrs Janfe Foster,: Df. o Darracott Iltoad, Pokesdowvn, Hahuts;, svrtett ti a olfdvik '-"P!s w:ris drewulfuullyj nercqu I could not bear anyone in the room ?with ine, yet 1 dlid not wish tiem far avay in case I should. call out for help. ;bThis was in June 188O. I slept very badly, and in the morning a little the better for having gone.to bed. There was often a severe painin my head and over my eyes, and I'was sick most of the tiine. . My. skin was dry and yellow, and the stomnach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by Iliad to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. Alj nimemtor completely failed. My head ached so dread fully.I.thought Ishould lose my senses,' and my friends agreed that I would never .get better. . "I hld given up all hope, when one lay Mrs West, of Bournemoutli, called and asked what Iwas takinig She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was "cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup.. As she seenied to have so muchfaithin this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the" digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its vork the eyes and ears entertain. only what is natural and wholesome.. 