THE GHOST THAT WORKED. fIlOST of you fellers have heard of ghosts," said the man behinl tile stove, "but very few of you have seen them. Now, I'll tell you a story of a ghost, an industrious ghost. I ain't the man what seen the man that saw the ghost, mind you. I saw it myself. The story a:in't very romantic, but it's queer, an' I'll tell it to you." And the man behind the stove re-lit his pipe and started off. " In 1878 I was in the oil regions of Penn. sylvania. I was speculating a little, and had done well, and I knew the country pretty thoroughly. I was on my way from Potrolia, in Butler County, to Fairview. In the party was Sam Shryock, two other experts, and myself. We were going to see a new 300-harrel well near Fairview that had just been struck by Green, the oil king. "'1What wells is them? I asked as the road took a short cut through a way I had not been before, and I pointed lly hand to three tall derricks of weather worn pine,with an engine pulliitng steadily away beside each one of thelm. "These are the Bell Union, or Ghost wells," said Sam. "' And why the Ghost wells?' " Because a ghost runs themn.' *"I doubted Samn'nstatementat first. But the other two experts nodded their heads allirmatively, and then Sam told the story. "The Bell Union wells were among the first struck on the belt in the third sand. "This place then was a whooping wilder ness. There was lo colnnlllication with the outside world save by pony express, anll although the Alloghony Valley railroad san but six miles away, the condition of the country and the thickness of the forest lmade these wells almost inaccessible. " No womana lived nearer than Parker, seven miles off, and the two young men from Erie who pumped the wells-Charlie Kay lor and Fred Hastings--had a hard and lonely lot of it. Of these two, Kaylor was a bright, intelligont boy of friendly disposi tion, just 21. Hlastings, on the contrary, was of a morose and selfish disposition, and, although theseo two men worked hero by turns night and day for months without seeing a human face other than their own, there was anything but friendship between the two. Kaylor had tried to make friends with Ilastings time and again,only to be repulsed.? So now the two men relieved each other, ach did his share of thile work and no more, and they never spoke except when necessary to give instructions. Hast ings worked the morning trick and Kaylor came on at night. " Things went on like this for some time, until one day Kaylor was seized with a terrible attack of toothache. There was no dentist nearer than Parker, and lie suffered four sleepless nights and days in agony. At last, on the fifth day lie started to walk to the dentist at Parker, seven rough tnountain miles, as soon as his trick or work turn was finished. lJe was back at ten that night, free fromn pain, for the cause was gone, but weary, worn out and foot- sore, and nearly dead, besides, for want of sleep. "''Work for me to-night, Fred,' lie asked Hastings. ' You know what I've been through, and how dead tired I am.' " But Hastings refused. " 'Only work for me four hours then, for the love of God.' "'Every man works his own trick on these wells." replied IHastings. "' All right, then ; I will run mine, living or dead,' and lie lay down on a board, while Hastings took his coat and bucket and walked out of the engine,-house. " At 2.30 the next morning their boiler went up, taking Kaylor's mangled body and most of the boiler room with it. Tile owners of the well, Satterfield and Taylor, of Titus ville, replaced the boiler and made the necessary repairs, and in two weeks the wells started up again, with Hastings running Kaylor's trick from 1 a.m. until I p.m., " Ie ran the trick one turn and then refused to work it longer. Ife gave no explanation, but took back his own turn. The new man in Kaylor's place ran one trick, too, and then refused to work it again. Upon investigatioatin, the foreman learned that strange tllings happeneid on the morning tricks. \Vater guiges were raised, pumps were turned off and on, the engine stopped and started, and the oil cans were taken up by invisible hands and thile engines oiled-not only the one in the boiler.house, but the other two, one hlundred and fifty yards away as well. "Charlio Kaylor, dead, was working his trick ! They sent to Erie for Kaylor's brother, ' and he in there yet,' said Sam, in conclusion. ' He sleps at night on his trick, and the ghost runs tile wells.' " Of course I laughed at the story, andt Sam replied, soberly; 'I didn't believo it, either, but you see it yourself as I did.' " That night I dressed myself as a tramp, and at nine o'clock presented myself at the engine-house door. Hastings wasmon watch, and to my surprise, after Sam's description of him, he readily assented to my slceting there. I noticed his black hair was mixed with gray, and he seemed worried and nervous. I suppose he was afraid of the ghost, and was glad of company at night, even if there were no mtanifestoations tduring his turn. "Taking a board, I imade myself it bunk, estensibly to sleep, but really to watch. '-Promptly at one o'clock Kaylor's brother came in. He said ' Good night 'to Hastings, grumbled a little about turning the boiler-room into a loldginw-house, and then he lay down and went to sleep. "As the first duty of tie pumper is to measure his tanks, examine and oil his engine and see all is right as soon as he goes on duty, I was somewhat surprised to see the alleged ghost's brother lie down and sleep at his post. "I was more surprised and somewhat scared ten minutes later to see the link raise on the engine to the coentre, the engine stop and tile oil can raise off the bed plate, fill every oil cup with oil,and then go back to its place. Then the link was raised to reverse motion, and the engine started as usual. I pricked myself to see if I was awake, when the water gauges raised and indicated oiie gauge scant. The pump valves turned on, and by their clinking I knew timhe pumps were feeding. Then the oil can came up again, and the record book disappeared from its shelf. "The eastn door of the engiine-lhose opened, and book andi oil can passed out. TIon by the main indicator in thie boiler room I could tell the other wells and eigines near them were attendedt to by the giostly punmpman. In fifteen minutes Ithe west door opened, and can and book went back to their places. I stepped up noiselessly to the shelf, and there was the record of tile tank for tihe night's work made out. Iturned back in the book. It was tile dead man's writing. A shiver went through me, as at tile other end of the engine-house I heard tile dead man still at work, while his brother slept away beside the stove. Charlie Kaylor, dead, still worked his trick." THE PITMAN AND THE EAR TRUMPET. A PITMAN entered a public-house in Now' castle, where an old man was seated near the fire, and accosted him with the customary salutation of "Otde morninl'." Tile oll man, however, ipaid ino attention, and the pitman repleated his salute in a louder voice. This time his lungs nhad effect. The old man raised himself uip, ndt, takliltg from a capacious pocklet a trutilmt of picciliar con struction, pit it to his ear. Our honest pit. man stood amallzed, but, after waiting with the most anxious explectation for some monetio, le exclaitmedl, with a diivntolliiteil air: " Na', man, it willlua doe, ThQO g.pi play wiy' thy lu.l" 