HORRORS OF BIBERIA. A RussiA political prisonor in exile in Siberia wrote to a friend in Euro pean Russia depicting the miseries of his life in 'this forgotten and God forsaken Arctic den, beyond the boun daries of civilisation.' The letter, which is published in the current number of Free Russia, took six mo'nths in running the gauntlet of the Czar's argus-eyed officials. It is dated June, 1893, at Kolymsk, a Siberian town of 600 inhabitants, located far to the north. 'During the first period of my life here,' writes the exile, 'I thought it would be an interesting work to send to my friends more or less detailed ac counts of the peculiar conditions of lifo into which we, a little handful of Europeans, have suddenlybeen thrown -conditions to which we are as unfit~ to adapt ourselves as a little body of civilised travellers, shipwrecked on the coast of Greenland, would be to arrange their lives in accordance with the habits and circumstances of the native Esquimaux. But most of my manuscripts never reached the persons to whom they were sent, and now even the desire to write them is gone. My own amazement at the extra ordinary surroundings here has grown fdaiter and fainter. 'Life in Kolymsk sucks everyone down into itself. It seems to me now like a far-off dream that somewhere in the world there are big towns, filled with people, with large shops, with houses of several storeys, with pavements on which great crowds of peopli go to and fro; that there are lands where the rivers begin to flow in February and do not freeze till November; where, instead of snow covered swamps, there are fields with thick, standing corn and grass; lands where there are woods and gardens, with green leaves on the trees; whore the people live on bread and varied vegetable food. 'For us, reality consists of a per petually frozen desert, covered with little hillocks and overgrown with stunted larches, which can hardly force their roots through the eternally frozen soil; a cold and filthy .yurta, hardly fit to'be called a human habi tation, even by people accustomed to the poverty-stricken cabins of the Russian peasantry; for food, rotting fish; for clothing, such rags as are left of our European dress, and rough native garments of half-oured skins; for the rest, solitude, silence, and life lessness. I think that the ghosts that wandered mournfully along the banks Acheron, lamenting aloud for their ldst earthly life, must have felt what we feel, dragging out our lives alone on the banks of the river Kolyma. The utter lack of all aim or interest, forgetfulness of the past, and indif ference to the present, are steadily taking hold upon us all.' 