TP, OTIfS LETTERS TO PUBLIC PH. EMINENT AND OTHERWISE MOSTLY OTHERWISE. (BY- « YOUNG AUSTRALIAN.') [All rights of 'republication aro reserved by tbe * Proprietary ol TflUTE .] | Ko- 19.— To Mr. J- C. Neild, ' M,P Candidate for Pa5din£ton- I My Dear Neiln, — I I make no apology cither to you or anybody else for bringing you into a prominence which you have not earned by any legitimate exercise of political talent. You bave, lor many years, taken care to subject yourself to the fierce blasts of public opinion, and have more desperately angled lor notoriety than labored for fame. That you have not long ago been blown to tatters by hostile breezes is a stroke of fortune, largely induced by your wiliness in enveloping yourself in the armour which cncases many a colonial charlatan— Higotry t Personally I, for one, do not believe you lire 6ineero in your perfrrvid adoration of Protestantism or your rancid de testation of all things Catholic. 1 am forced to believe you to be either insincere or 6hallo\v, aud, much ua 1 have studied you, 1 am unablo to define the exact point where your sincerity ends or your shallowness begins. Long usage ha» probably done much ! to fuse your natural aud artificial j defects, and to make yuur political j charactcr composite of botb evil wayi and wicked intentions, I conclude there fore that you have adopted Ora&geism; for an object, and that you exereihe yuur hatred towards tbe opposite sect because the political venom iu your composition demands such an odious outlet, as Orangeiem supplies, and such a sharacleas safety-valve as sectaTian*yelping suitably soggosts. Apart from its political purposes, you would not care if the immorlal King William's boDes were dininterrcd and u^ed as Ratsbane; for your own religions enthusiam is probably confined to worship ping at tbe altar of your own ambition. Lifte so many of your class, you fall into the vicious error of supposing that my country men do not suftjeiently admire merit; and therefore you foolishly throw eoJd water on your own talents and your better inspirations, and geek to set your neighbors by theeais in the hope that in tbe din and discord the noisiest man will come out on top. 1 admit that there are inany precedents for your worldly-wisdom in prostituting your energies and attainments before tbe fane of bigotry. Other men — no abler than you— have used Orangeism as a ladder by which to achieve political power and attain a tem porary cminencc. On tbe other band, it is worth your while to note the ultimate end of the sectarian scavengers who have already played the game of intolerance for all it i» worth ; and it is equally relevant to your petty purposes to cower before the name of the illustrious patriots who still live in the colony's memory because they served ber faithfully and without descent to the ignoble | illB of bigotry. I There is, however, s ao inconsiderable i percentage of the Old Soldier element in your composition. You rememUr how pathetically Goldsmith describes the veteran warrior, who 'Shoulders his crutch and fights his wars anew.' A superlatively ecarlcss veteran, you delight in fighting one battle over again — the Jiattlo of the Jioyne. You are, in this wise, an adult representation of the small-boy who chalked li No Popery,' upon a door and then incontinently fled, I leading characteristics have (perhaps imperceptibly at first, but indelibly j afterwards) ingrained themselves in your intonation and engraven themselves upon your plastic features. A political porcupine, j with that animal's peculiarly, bristly and spiky appearance, you ened your quills upon all occasions at your Parliamentary opponents; and you carry your spikes and your briBtles with you into the Assembly, in order that your antagonists may impale themselves thereon. Apart from your unconscionable bigotry, your persenal possibilities might bave been utilised to do your fellow-man some solid ' service in the State. Your courage, for ! instance, iB not open to cavil ; and your I views of public concerns ore not always ' illiberal. You possees a rare facility ( of I speech, which— pruned and polished— might I have made you a convincing debater ; run I into a garrulous groove, you have achieved j supremacy as a champion water-spout, an i honor shared by the noisiest fish- fag in Billingsgate. If it be oratory to deliver drivel with a drone, ther. you arc an Orator I of the first water. ' 1 our attitude at present is too pronounced I in itB partiality to give even your pucril ^ potentialities a decent show. Tbe object of your political life and livelihood is ;i I portfolio, and you live up to it (or down to it) every hour of your life. I You are a feeble joint'- in a feeble leaders tail, and you have not even sagacity | enough to gloss over your brazen effrontery in .nominating yourself as eligible for the , occupancy of Ministerial office. ' Fortunately for yourself a General Elec tion iB at hand, and there iB reasonable hope that you will be extinguished in the coming scramble* Your vanity and vain-glory have lately reached such a prominent pitch that, in your own interests, it would be well for you to hibernate in the Infirmary of private life. This is a desirable depth to which, if I mistake not, you are about to descend dot medium ot the kick-out which the liberal minded men in your electorate arc hungering and thirsting to dispense to you. it goes without saying thatyou will shake the bloody bones of bigotry in the face of your opponents and that you will resurrect the defunct Dutchman to Dear your brazen banner to the polls. The times are, however, changing for the better ; and the natives of New South Wales arc rising to the level of a higher aspiration than that of subserving the narrow aims of a narrow clique. The Kiama Ghost is probably at its last gasp, and yon — as the meanest of its many jawbones — must perforce 6h%re its untoward,' but v^lknjerited, fate* \ I am, j \ Yours, etc,, - j''*-' , YOONG AUSTRALIAN - 