POETRY AND ttilFLES. THE SIN OF OMISSION. ll utii'L the thing you do, dear, II'» the tiling that y u leave undone, Wliicli gives you a bit ot a heartache. At the getting ot the sun, Thc tender word forgotten, Thc letter you did nat write, Thu flower you might have sent, dear Arc your haunting ghosts to-night, The stones you might have lifted,. Out of a brother's way, Thc hit of hcartsonic counsel. You were hurried too much to say, Thc loving touch of the hand, dear, Tile gentle and winsome Lone, That you had no time nor thought for. With troubles enough of your own. These little acts of kindness. So easily out of wind, These chances to be angels, Which even mortale find They come in night and silence. Knell chill, reproachful wraith, When hope is faint and flagging, And a blight bas drooped on faith. Tor lift* is all too short, dear, Ami sorrow is all too ttreat, To stiffer our slow compassion, That tarries until too late. And it's not thc thing you do, dear, It's thc thing you leave undone. Which gives you thc bitter heartache. At thc setting of thc sun. MARGARET K. SANOBTRK Master : "Did you give thc marc her brandy this morning, Pat ?" Pat : Sure, ycr honour, it was a very cowld morning:, so wc tossed for it, and, faith, tho maro lost. " How is it your little baby sister goes to sleep as soon as your father takes her !" Little four-year old : " I'spec it's 'cause she'd rather do that than lay awake and hoar him sing." A farmer, who thought he knew the answer to everything, was asked one day by his little daughter :-" Father, when you've finished milking a cow, how do you turn it off!" Ho I has not answered yet. .'# j A student had boen bragging of his various accomplishments, uulil one of thc company, losing his patience, said : " Now, wc have heard quite enough of what you can do-just tell tis u lna you can't do, and I'll undertake to do it myself. " Indeed; well, I can't, pay i my bill, und am very glad to (ind that you can do it, " replied tbe student. Amid the hilarity ot the company thc guest redeemed his raab promise. Men lose some of their talent«, as Ubey. «sa- cóme older. You never saw a boy in a scrape but he could give a plausible excuse :fer,hls conduct, but a man of ten finds himself etumpcU for an explanation. At a fire: Talkative Lady (to fireman): "And what is that strap that goes auder your chiu worn fort" Fireman : "Tubvjetaip, ma'am, is given us to rest our obins on when our jaws get tired of answering questions," Random Observer: "Pardon, me, tint what are you putting down in your notebook ?" Tourist: "Oh, I'm just petting down thc I things that have made an indelible impression i upon my memory, so Hist I shan't .forgtJi i them." Ducie: "I wish George wouldn't smoke. To bc kissed by a mau who smokes is horrid." Elaine: "1 should eat onions. Then-, yost wouldn't notice thc odour of the cigars.'' Ducie (aghast) : " Why, tlieu he'd never kia* me at all." " Well thc cook's rone at laat, John," said Mi's. B. "Good. You must have badi mote courage than I gave you ereditfor to discharge her." "I dido I do it. She discharged herr self. 1 flattered her so about her cooking thal she thought she »as too good to slay, and raff alie went." Careful Husband : "by the ny, I 'uotiocd a mistake of five shillings in the bulcher!*bill' ibis morning, Laura." SVifo: "Then libad better drive round there and seo about.it.-"' Careful Husband: "I was thinking of that. But the mistake is in our favour, ' Wife: "Oh, then we had better take no notice of it. We might get someone intq trouble,,yoa , know." Nutmeg Philosophy.-When a boy takes to singin' psalm tunes through the week it's bes' to lock up the fish over aud sunday., 'Táíát thefas'es yoke of oxen 'at di ivcstliatoleaneee' fuircr. Some o' my nabors i* advertisin', "Summer boarders takes in,"an*from what,!'' know of them nabors I guess they will be.. I , never sec a mean man 'at wasn't allua talking about some other folks bein' mean.. A new hired gal sweeps clean. I'd like to her somebody tell why a parson allua feels'at duty, call him to preach where they tl"> iyghw wages. 