LAVING TUB FOUtf UATIOS S TOtf Si. Tho Interesting ceremony ot laying tho foundation stone of the church iiow iu course. of erection in C.itloy struct, opposlto thu Ohuroh of England, commonood shortly nt'tur !1 p.m. on Tuesday. There was u gathering iif. about 100 persons, '. mtuy of those present bulu^ from Wynyard, With tho Kov. E. II. Oliapplo wuro ' tho Hovs. StalEord (Forth) and tho Uuv. W, H. Walton, t'roeeedlnga wuru commouocil by singing n hymn, followed by a prayer by tho Uev. W. H. Walton, ami tho reading of an appropri ate passage of suriptum by the Uuv. Staff jrd. Thu Uuv. Chapplo then -read a eopy of the usual document Inserted In a sealed bottle to bu placed ill a cavity In tho atone. It was as folloiVii— 'This document is to certify that thu foundation atone of this Wesleyau Slelllo dlst Church, In tho town of Buriilo, in tho colony of Tasmania, whb laid to tho honor and glory of God by James Smith, lisq , Forth, this nineteenth day of Juno, iu iho year uf our Lurd ono thousand eight hundred and ninety-four j Her Host Gracious MHJtwty Quuun Victoria beinir thu nilgulng Hoverigu ut' thu British Empire ; ills lix uulluuuy Viscount Gormanotun, Uuvurnur of Tuaiiiuuluj tho Uuv. Win, M6rloy, 1'resiilent of thu Wesloyan Methodist Conference of Australasia; the Uuv. ti. T, Withlngcon, 1'resideut of ' thu Wesluyan Mulhuiliat, Auujal Oonfeieneeof Victoria and Tasmania; tho Uov. J. H. Hadluy, chairman oE thu Mursjy Uiatiiut j tho Huv. K. il. OUupultt, superintendent of thu Emu Day Circuit ; ilcssis.it D. Harris anil T. Keiiuor, clicult stowarils : IMetsrs. James Brown, It D. Harris, Wm. Jmldluw, T. Konnernnd a. K. hittoiooil, bulldiug liuniiultlca ; 4lr, 'i'. Konuor, arohleut j Mr. I'ctur lluiek, bulldur. Uivluu soi'viccs iu canuuutlon with thu WnB'oyan Methodist Church wuroeommincud nt Burnie in tho year 18111, under the ministry of the Uov. Kdwiud Nyo. Tho burulu Town Hall wad tscuued for thu purpose, and slneu that time regular Sunday services luvo liueu conducted iu that bulld lucr. A building of our own has lung been a fell want. Il was this feeling that prompted tbo olllelals of tl-u ehtiiuh tu umku tho etl'ort which lias resulted lu our being called together to-day to discharge this important olllco. This wii do iu thu faith of Him HgaluBt whose Ohurch tho 'gates oE hull' shall not prevail. Along with this docu ment thu following current publications are placed in thu cavity oE tho stone: — The Hum Bay Circuit I'lini, ihu Wesluyan ' Spectator,' tho Launoenton ' Examlucr,' thu ' Dally Telegraph,' uud thu ' Wulliiigton Times.' Mr. JamcB Smith, of Forth, was then called upon to perform tho cnroinonyoE lay ing the foundation stone, which was success fully accomplished, Mr, Smith using a small silvor trowel and polished nmllot for Iho purpose. When thu Btonu had been set Mr. Smith said, ' I declare this stono to bo well and truly laid lu thu name of tho Father, thu Son, aud tho Holy Ghost.' Tho stono is oC f ruestoue Kupplicd by Messrs, Dunn and Williams, monumental masons, of Launees ton, and boars tho Inscription ' A.D., 18111.' Mr. James Smith, in addressing the Indies nnd gentlemen present, said he considered tho oeromony just performed a vory import ant event in the history of Burnie. Hu re ferred to thu marked absenco of places of worship In tho district in tho early days of Its history, and to thu satisfaction nil must feel at the many opportunities thero now wcro for public religious worship, Mr, Smith also made reference to thu change which hail taken placo hi tho former prosperity of the colony and of thu whole world. As far us Tasmania was concerned, ho bad con lident hopes oE a return of prosperity at no distant date, owing to tho largo and rich mineral deposits we possessed nu-ultlng development. All muat hope for thu bust. At the present time it wna tho inoro credit able to those who hail contributed to thu fund for erecting tho church. It could not bu denied that much good resulted from the church, the Sunday school, and othor work ings of tho church, and it was a matter to which nil should contribute as liberally as possiblo of their menus, Tho Wesleynns were always anxious to provide the means for worship where thoy considered there was a need, and in thU latest instance he trusted good financial support would be given by subscriptions, or at the bazaar being held in aid of the building fund, Iu concluding, Mr. Smith said it was pleasing to observe that the various sections of Christ's Church were becoming more united, a spirit which should receive tho fullest encouragement. After a collection had been taken up, the Doxology sung, and the Benediction pro nounced by the Rov. Stafford, the gathering dispersed. 