Effectual Protection. A Melbourne weekly publishes two -views of Port Melbourne Bailway Pier, one taken in 1884 the other in 1894. The 1884 view represents the pier lined on each side with big ships, busy with railway trucks, and with many people. The 1894 view repre sents a pier deserted by all except a few contemplative men, and affording a clear prospect of the water on either side — :a prospect entirely unobstructed by ships or steamers. What is the meaning of this ? Has protection done its work, keeping at Least the ' products of foreign pauper labor ' out of the country, if it has not, as witness Professor Moehis's appeal for London charity for the Melbourne unemployed, kept the money in ? The contemporary which we cite is in the freetrade interest, but it is strictly fair. It accounts for the miserable condition d£ Port Melbourne Railway Pier in its second picture as being partly due to a good many vessels now going up river to discharge at the Harbor Trust Wharves; to the Port Melbourne Piers being the berthing places of the big steam liners, which only remain for two or three days 5 and to the so-called ' ocean tramps ' anchoring in the stream and lightering their cargoes. But after reciting all these extenuating circum stances, it points out that they do not account for - the whole of the falling off, that the chief cause is the embargo created by a prohibitive tariff:, which has in some cases obliged ships — among such ships as do not stay away altogether — to come to Melbourne in ballast in topes of a homeward cargo, rather than bring goods that high duties have rendered unsalable. Of course the fact that goods cannot be brought profitably to Victoria would, if there were efficient manufactories, benefit the Victorian manufacturer in some degree. But there are not efficient manu factories, and so, while the Victorian manufacturer is unbenefitted, the Victorian producer has, when paying freight, to pay for a restrictive tariff, to pay such freight as will compensate a shipowner for the voyage his vessel has made out and home — the non-paying run out in ballast, the run home with say -wool. The prohibitory tariff, according to the freetraders, is one of the main reasons why of four magnificent piers in Hobson's Bay two are unoccupied on several days of the week, while the other two are at the best of times but slightly patronised, the shipping trade being to a considerable extent driven away to Sydney, because of the wool being interfered with by border duties, and the stock tax; If the freetraders had been the first to state these melancholy facts, the other side might have taken heart of grace and denied them. They might have said that all the desolation of Port Melbourne was due to vessels going further up the river. But, unfortunately for the restrietionist cause, the freetraders have been ' late in the field. There have been official particulars given of the decline of Mel bourne trade, and there has been the ever memorable lament of the Age, upon which we commented on the 27th ultimo; The Age, it may be remembered, confessed to a fact that it thus put : ' Signs are not -wanting that Melbourne is gradually losing „ the position she has hitherto held as the commercial entrepot of Austra lia.' Melbourne, the Age thought, was, because of the primage tax, being cut put by Sydney. Here in. Sydney it is well for workers to remember on the eve of a general election that primage is only 1 per cent, protection the more, and that additional protection has . the same effect Whether , it Be called duty or disguised as primage. It makes articles of consumption dear, and it raises the freights for natural productions to be shipped for Europe. City -workers should also ask themselves where they would be -were it ever possible to take a photograph from a good point of vantage on Darling Harbor without having the foreground broken by a single mast, yard or funneL . Mr. Beid's speech at Penrith was less sen sational than Sir George Dibbs'8 deliverance there some time ago. It contained no sensational points about penitent thieves. The only refer ence that it had to .penitence, indeed, hod to do ? with the peculiar penitence of the Premier him self, who is constantly abandoning errors only to fall into fresh ones, and abandoning one im practicable kind of policy only to take up with another more impracticable etalL When at Penrith Sir George Dibbs announced that he meant to go to the country upon the abolition of payment of members. Whether this was ever a serious policy, or was merely intended as a hint to restive mem bers that they had better stick to their paymaster and not force him to stop' supplies, is a secret best known to Sir George himself. By the time Sir George had reached Bathurst on the 13th ultimo his policy had - changed. There was nothing more about abolition of payment; presumably Ms henchmen had been earning their -wages more to hie satisfaction. The cry at Bathurst was for vigilance against social dangers. Curiously enough Sir George remained of the same mind for ten days. At Dubbo on the. SSSrd he repeated his warning against .anarchy and socialism. By the 13th-. instant, when the Premier spoke at Wagga, however, he had receded from hiB Attitude as a saviour of society. He merely recapitulated what he considered his past triumphs, and gave the people to understand that he had 'a card up his sleeve ' which would be revealed at Tarn worth. So much for the many policies that the Premier has revealed since he become compara tively silent about the beauties and blessings of protection. This plenitude of policies is very perplexing; but confusion is rendered worse confounded by the fact that other Ministers are, -while the Pre mier is announcing one policy in one part of the country, puffing other policies in other parts. Sir George's evolution is evidently too rapid for his colleagues. He is always about two policies in front of the . other sapient persons to whom the rule of the country is committed. - If three Ministers could speak simultaneously the performance would be like the glee of the 'Three blind mice,' the leading performer singing away a couple of bars a head of all his assistants. Mr. Lyne, in the north for instance, is still hammer ing away at protection and the real causes of the financial crisis, not having heard apparently of the surprises to which his chief has already treated the people, or being aware of those that are to come. All these turnings of the Master Turner and K.C.M.G. and all the less rapid and dexterous revolutions of Mb colleagues were fully dealt with by Mr. Reid at Penrith. But perhaps an even more interesting' part of the latest Penrith speech was that in-which the leader of the Opposition denned the attitude of himself and his associates to wards thelandtaxationqnestioru Anot very creditable part of the Government' spolicy has been to attribute a certain unpopular land taxa tion policy to the Opposition, and then, despite reiterated denial, to persist that the Opposition held that policy. The Opposition has been charged with - a desire to, in pursuance of wild theories, tax away the whole value of privately held land. The answer to this is first a denial, a denial. which is. to be believed, as what it says is based on the first article of the freetrade creed, namely, that taxa tion is not good in » itself, but is only good for revenue purposes; that a people cannot be made prosperous by dint of taking money out of their pockets. The freetraders think that all classes, landowners as well as others, should contribute to the revenue according to their ability. This is an intelligible policy. Those who recom mend it are more worthy of support than Ministers who have no fixed policy, who are constantly changing their plans, and who want the next Parliament to contain a number of members not pledged on the fiscal question so that they (the Ministers) can change their plans again as often as they uke. The people should by this time have their eyes opened to what ffoifringr ^e fiscal question really in. too many cases amounts' to. Some sinkers of the fiscal question have in some instances shown themselves to be in Parliament like the 'open minded' voters used to. be at British elections in unreformed times. The 'open minded' voter was generally susceptible to conviction by reasons supplied by the open-handed candidate at the last moment. The p're- reform open-minded voter of Britain would take beer and coin. The open-minded member of New South Wales will take picnics, cigars, and works, and other favors for his constituency. The Enmore mystery has apparently been solved at last. But acceptance of the explanation may be still perhaps qualified by some dbubtB as to whether it is a complete one. At all events, the girl who was seen in the act of throwing stones at the house has confessed to having produced all the phenomena in that way which so astonished the public and puzzled the police. The doubts which may be suggested as to the entire truth of her revelations derive some color from many similar instances of strange acts in which children have been con cerned, but in respect of which it has often been found that they had merely followed an example set by others. This, too, has proved to have been the case even where children iiave taken the whole blame upon themselves. However, whether the little girl at Enmore did the business her self or not, there can be little doubt that any further explanation of the matter which may be forthcoming would be as simple as what is already positively known. 'Set the extraordinary fact remains that simple as the thing was it should have baffled for so many 'days all efforts to clear it up. The dis covery of an ' actual agent, if not the sole agent, in the so-called mystery has, however, in all probability prevented a sort of epidemic of such etone-throwing throughout the country. There would have been an irresis tible temptation to imitators of the Btupid and silly species, whether young or old, perhaps so long as there was a prospect of carrying out such-queer practical jokes in secret. Meanwhile the girl who attracted so much atten tion to Enmore may be almost described as a kind of spiritual descendant of the once celebrated heroine of the scenes in connection with the 'Cock !La.ne Ghost,' an apparition the reality of which so exercised the mind of that learned Theban, Dr. Johnson. Macaulay, indeed, hints that the doctor was an actual believer in the ghost, though John son's biographer positively states that he was not. His attitude with respect to the alleged medium of communication from the invisible world was, Boswell declares, simply a desire to arrive at the exact truth. That was, as ultimately as certained, that a girl of about the same age as the Enmore prodigy had herself managed by an ingenious system of knocking to keep up the delusion as to the regular walking and even talking of the ghost. The decision of the Full Court in Melbourne with respect to a test case in connection with totalisators will attract- special notice in Sydney, and for a very special reason. It is in direct opposition to the decisions which have been acted on here in similar cases. With regard to the Melbourne case, the informa tion charging certain persons with using a shop, and a portion of the footpath in front of a shop, for unlawful purposes had been dismissed by a magistrate. The magistrate's procedure was upheld by the Full Court, and the Chief Justice pronounced the opinion that it was no offence to bet in the public streets. As is well known to most persons, sporting gentlemen in Sydney who have anticipated the Victorian Chief Justice in that notion of the law .and acted on it, have sometimes found themselves incon tinently run in. As far as the non betting public is concerned, that circumstance is not perhaps to be considered as a very re grettable one. The crowds, who ;as it is gather on the Sydney pavements to do their betting-^acd their spitting are bad bad enough — with' only a very little more rope than they are already allowed they would become intolerable nuisances. 