DRAMATIC NOTES. The Gaiety Bnrlesqne Company appear at Ball&rat; on Monday. Mr. Bland Holt's Dramatic Company begin a week's Beason at Bendigo on Monday. In Sydney, "Jo" was revived at the Lyceum last evening, with with Miss Jennie Lee in the name part. Miss Lee will shortly leave (or England, via Western Australia. " Captain Frit*" is continned at the Criterion, and "The Shamrock'and the Rose" at Her Majesty's. The Rickards and Tracey Variety Troopes occupy the Tivoli and the Theatre Royal. Fitzgerald Brothers' Circus is performing in the country towns of Tasmania. Lawton and Leslie's Novelty Company pro vides the only theatrical entertainment at present in Brisbane. The Theatre Royal, Adelaide, will be occu pied next week with a performance of ''Robert Macabre," introducing Caicedo, the equilibrist. At latest dates from New Zealand, Howe and Spong's Company were in Dunedin, Hrough and Boucicanitfs Company at Auck land, and F. M. Clark's and Hamilton and Edwards's Variety Troupes in Wellington. Mr. W. H. Manning's Opera Company, which opens at the Town-hall, Perth, on the 2lst inst, numbeifc the following artistes: Misses Marie Elster, Katharine Hardy, Dora Busch, Annette Stanton, Hettie ratey, Messrs. C. H. Leumane, P. C. Josephs, Fred Wentworth, Middleton, and Geo. Johnson, with a full chorus and orchestra. Mr. Julius Hen is conductor, Herr Franz Lierich leader, and Madame Ceschina chorus mistress. The repertory includes "Fauat," "TheBohemian Girl," /'Maritana," " Girofle-Girofla," and " line Lily of Killamey.** Leila Adair attempted a parachute desoent at Auckland on Saturday.but it wae a failure. The balloon only rose 40ft., and then drifted across a house, the aeronaut nearly striking it. She was dragged 20 yards along the ground, but not seriously injured. The Lynch Bellringera were at Wanganui, New Zealand, the week before last A note from New York states that Mr. Arthur R. Lawrence made his first appear ance in that city at the Berkeley Lycetnn in Ibsen's " Ghosts" on Januaty 5. The World says that he gave a finished and brilliant rendering to the part of Pastor Mander*, and other criticisms are equally favourable. Mr. Lawrence will be remembered as.<pne of the serviceable members of the Brough and Boucicault Company when they Were at the Bijou. Our London correspondent writes that Miss Olga Nethersole has won triumphant success at the Court Theatre as Sylvia in the "Transgressor." In her short stage career of six years she did not get a chance to show her powers tully till she appeared in Melbourne, and she has gone back to London from here to fulfil the ; predictions made concerning her here 1 and become famous. The "Transgressor" I however, is uot a good piece. It is written I by Mr. A. W. Gattie, a clerk in the Bank of j England, hitherto best known as a good amateur chess player, and an authority in Knotoledye on wnist-Mr. Edward Terry, who was with us last July and August, has signed a contract to appear at the Strand in burlesque. -Two sons ot the Rev. Mr. Watson, of Christ-1 church, N.Z., once incumbent of the Church of England, Caulfield, are touring the pro vinces. One of these young men (Fred. Marriott Wataon) is writing a drama entitled "The Trail of the Serpent." Mr. Alfred Moul, who was lor some years a musical teacher, song-writer, and critic in Melbourne, has been appointed manager of the Alhambra Theatre, which is a paying concern. ' 