KELLY'S CAMP (N.E. Ihis). VX - I fuou own ouil nor.ussroniiknt.l 'V'i: A mooting of shareholders tin tlio Kelly's J|£ . Cainp Contrnl Hill Co., Limited, was hold on Iff/. Saturday last, when much indignation was ox- \- K. prosaed by tho members at tlio contluucd 'V, dolibcrnto moaner in wliloli tho Uovormnont . v aro placing ouBtnoicH ra tno way ot its progress. K\ About snvon wcolca ago tlio Minister in oimrgo ;&' of tho Aot, himsolf nominated n valuator to $ . raako tho socond valuation, Tho nomlnco at onco consontod to aot, and tho Company K-|,. approved of tho appointment; Up to tho prosont no notification of tho appointinont has f yot l>oon mado by tho Govornrannt. On Tuos- v day nnxt tho slto for tho mill is to bo sold by V-'. -'I- tbo Govornmtnt by auotion at Bundaborg, and Mr. William Long has boon deputed to pur- VSi&i.; obnno it for tho Govcromout. Tho publio wore informed a fow wooks ngo that tho V, Cordalba Central Mill Co,, had "gono under 1" :. W.r. Is it aiy wonder? Not to speak fully of tho 'i?.\ numorous dlllioultios it had to contend with, I jV' will givo yon ono instnnco of how unjustly tho Government liavo boen, and are now noting, to- M/: wards tho farmers. Whoa Mr. M'Culloon was m in tho Isis on bohalf of tho Government ho told feM' tho farmors that not only freohold but leased lands must bo accepted, to form tho security required for tho iBauo of guaranteed debentures. That was ono view of tho matter. A month or v£w'.. bo afterwards tho Undor-Soorotary for Works sent a lottor to tho Soorotaryof too Wost lels tiWj?. Central Mill Company (its lands adjoin tboso of £''?& tho Cordalba Central Mill Co) in whioh ho dis- : tinctly Baid that " nono othor than froobold lnnd wniild bn fir.contpd ay soouritv bv the fy/rV- Government." That nm tho final blow to JfcV- tho Cordalba Company. It "wont under." \- Now wo road that tho Minister in charge of tho Aot has publioly stated iu Northorn Queensland that " othor" land than froobold .'VjyA; . "will bo aooeptodby tho Govornmont," but possibly may not bo rooolvod at as high a & 5X5; valuation as froohold land. Horo than aro no W loss than tbreo different statements, all made 'tfi ' W; - authoritativoly fay Govcrnraont Officials, all fre kv- helping to oonfaso and confound tho farmers. ' bV' . At tho same timo it is but a moro shadow of $v' # ho determined opposition. that has bcon shown it'1 rl£v ' ' to those who havo, at muoh troublo and ox- 1.1/V (>. ponso to thomsolves, done all that simple- I -Vj minded honoefc men oould do to fairly tako ad- lv;' < ' vantage of tho highly vaunted and popular I v! . Sugar' Works Guarantee Aot. The upeot I f-> price of tho land to bo offered as a mi'l sito on I . '/?. ' Tuesday by ordor of tho Govornmont, and por- j . force agreed to by the Kelly's Camp Company, , is £5 per aore, for ten acres, with £4 added as /.? a survey fee, £64 in all. Docs it not foroibly strika yon that matters aro.mado protty " hot" v ;j;.. for tho farmers? So far tho farmers havo ; . bcon as a body, tho upholders of tho present . . V.'v;/-'- ' Govornmont. They havo turned tho soalos of ' many an oleotionin its favor, but thoy havo ' boon so badly treated over tho Sugar Works ; Aot that tho chances are already 20 to 1 that jraP no candidate profosaing to bo a supporter of it I'-' V will havo .tbo ghost of a show at any byo or i gsnorai olootion. Bundaborg labor men blamo 'V the lets for turning tbo issuo of tho Bunda- I berg olootion. If matters do not change vorv \- ''TO mnoh and very soon, tho samo complaint will certainly not bo mado whon another olootion is held In Bundaborg. k 