GODFREY. LORD CLEVEDON BY ROY TELLET, ... .CHAPTER,XX.—(Concluded.) Lady Levarty felt inclined to laugh. She had hoard too mock -already of this Cousin Paul/ 1 , flhehad-never been quite certain that hewcisted al all—whether he were not a figment of bar companion's imagination. \- " But yon have never seen him in yoor life," ih a said, n T?eH»ap« not," vanswered Miss Tibbets with dinnity, "but'we live by faith, not by light. At least I was always taught ao in my yonnger days. Couiin Paalwas everything to me—I always believed in him." " Still, yon cannot be overwhelmed with Brief at the loes of some one you have never ipoken to." "Speech,"said Miss Tibbeto,sententioualy, "is no doubt, one of the great distinctions between men and the lower animals—at least that was the view taken in my younger days. Now, I believe they have disoovered a monkey-alphabet. But it's just like ghosts." ' '' What is like ghosts V asked Lady Levarty leverely. " Well, yon know, no one believed in ghosts twenty years ago when I was a girl, and now they have* a Society for them. I fosget 'the exact name—The Society for the Propagation of Ghosts, isn't it? Everything is being altered by these constant discoveries. Why can't they let us stay where we are and have done with it?" "Done with what !" asked Lady Levarty. "Why, with everything of that sort, of course, answered Miss Tibbets comprehensively. " But I was telling you about poor dear Cousin Paul. He was just like me, you know.". -Lady Levarty could only stare at her companion. If the late "Cousin Paul" had MMmbled eren distantly this grotesque femble tigure as she now sat in dishabille, he must indeed have been a source of pride and joy to his friends. "I mean," oontinued Miss Tibbets,' "he wu like me in this—he had no neat relations. In fact, I was his nearest. For that reason I always took a great interest in him." Lady Levarty was quick witted. A lieht began to dawn upon her. "Was he rich ?" she naked, though indeed «heha)lbeen of ten told of his wealth. 1 believe' he was—very." " And you are his nearest relation!—-are you sure of that ?" v. "I believe so, my dear," answered Misa Tibbets serenely. - - * y "Then, if he'died without a will, you would Riaeeed to bis fortune "I •appose so." •'But did he die'without a will ?' '•WpvtBjnaJar." " Qh ttben, Jhere is nothing in it after all," said Lady Levarty. In her heart she was not sbrty. -She not rich .herself, and she would have .grudged such good fortune to her companion. "Oh, yea, there is something in it," \- answered Miss Tibbets, triumphantly. " Poor dear Cousin Paul had such a - respect and aSectioii for nie that, torn void all possibility of mistake, be,made a will, leaving everything to me. . I have^^eud from the lawyers this mormng." ' \j<• * L • \- The murder trae aow out. - litis was the sscrat pf Miss .Tibbrt's sudden change of manner—hence her breakfastin bed—hence the matchless effrontery of "Would yon mind -lodkiur for ay pocbt hand kerchief." She was bovs lady of fortune.- "No one" dhe saidtra herself' 'can-be independent, nnless he isifich." Now, feu- tire first fcjtneinher life, she oould indulgelui a sense of . Independence. Lady Levarty was astonished at the news. . Of bour^elahe.proSered her joOhgratulatiou, but it was done very 'coldly. • She had never greatly cared for Miss Tibbets ; still, ara butt ' she bad found her iueful. Now she positively dislikedhsr. .. Of course," said Miss Tibbets,. who was in \- moral mood, "riches aren't everything.. SHU'—Wth aflight smaoking cf the " lips—" they are something, especially to one '' who ^ias Wan condemned to a" life of poverty foi-years." The remark struck Lady Levartv as being in ihs Mtrt possible taste. .Miss Tibbets had ; be^tarcom^oionfor yean, and bad lived a f fball baveJ&me; ivory-handled brushes," remarked Mitss TibWa, naively. , £ 'd«|iperate plunge into magnificence . • PWiftftM nwin|i*«7"v c .*.. - i xh^'wiU'not 1c m^ke t i .great Twite indoor fortune, ? she eaid laughing. " "Stillis.is.nioe to,, be able'to get exactly what you like, f anBwered Miss Tibbets. "I don't say these brushes are bad ones, though \- the bristles dooome out a good deal." ' : - '.-'That's bfceause they have such hard work ' •; % \ .-A flush of anger rose to the faoe .of Miss ^"lljr'hair may • be' a little thin," she said, " But there is no occasion to remind me of it." The worm was certainly turning. Lady Levarty tried iqlaugh the matter off. ' "phi^we all bave to make little Additions to iC* sbetaid. " So ire ahall have to introduoe yoa now as an beiress. 1 suppose there is no •eoretfcbout it V "Hoi in the loast"' saidMiro Tibbets. And ' ' theat he lidded with the manner of one who : iwngns hene{t to a ' pleasant destiny—"Of aoime, thBse thingshave to b» made known sooner^" wiid Lady Levarty. Certainly there bad not been much delay in the' present revelation, if Miss Tibbets had received tbe intelligence only tbjwt morning. Then Lady Levarty left the room and went ' downstair* to communicate the intelligence to the obbermembers of the family. This was a littlehard on Mira Tibbets who, as a woman, valued priority in eudhteatters. "Lafly Levarty. found her aunt and Lord \- Clevedon in the private siMingroom of the litest break witli^e ball, tihalet out the newsbr de grew, playing with it as « kitten does with * ball of worsted, and on joying their growing surprise as the thread of the story was at last diMra mi toil* full length. After their first expressions of astonishment, tha Dowiger ' said i — , * • " Did she show yon the lawyer's letter ?" " No," answered Lady Levarty. " Why do • you.ask t" " Yon know, I generally unlock the letter bag, and I aaw nothing like a lawyer's letter . for Min Tibbets this'morning." . "Indeed! X know nothing about that. ' tell the tale a« it was told to me. l thinkitis certain that Martha has ooipe into money somehow; Her wholepmanoer seemed ohanged AND'sheia g<»ng to treat herself to some ivory handled hairbrushes. J hope she will get some sew gloves at the same time." Then Lady Levarty tripped from the room. Lord Clevedon glanoed thoughtfully at his mother.'. "Why should you have any doubt about Miss'Xibbet'a legacy, motherhe asked. " Well, there is something a little strange abont it. Yon -see it is said to be from such a very distant relation, and one who had never even seen- ber. • Why should he leave his fortune to her?" I > "I own I should find it more difficult to understand bow any one oould leave her a fortune ajter having seen, her," observed Lord Glevasmdrily.' "" ' .'" "And" that is not all," continued /.the Dowager, ignoring her son's. last' remark. "You remember that Miss Tibbeta went up to London for a few hours <m business the day after die miniature was lost.'' " Well; but what of that V' . '"Well,-of course, itisinall probability only a coincidence, buti as a matter of fact, we find that die is now, all at once, in possession ot money. A legacy is, of course, a very convenient way of accounting for it." " Lord Clevedon looked very item and grave. Thaaa constant suspicions were intolerable to bim. - He, alas! knew only too well how matters really stood. -"Pray dismiss all that <from your mind, mother. Believe me there is not • grain of "Bow can you be so rare of that, Godfrey?" • 8 P ht o A l A t a c a E s 