WAY OF THE WORLD. Political Pepper and Social Salt. (Bt the Hen Editor.) Twenty-six known lepers in Queensland. Thirty-nine official lepers in Now South Wales. How many outside the Little Bay Lazaretto ? 'Also, how many social lepers who ought to bo in somo moral lazaretto for the cloansing of their spotted souls. o Hutton, Major-GoncrnI, is doing moro to hasten on Imperial Federation than any . other man between this and sunset. The Maj.-Gen.'s business is to hot-houso tho unholy spirit of martial murder in tho peaceful mind of young Australia, until that national infant requests his ma in . Hinglind to gird on tho bloody blado and lead him forth to glorte. Glory that does it. You can buy bushels of big men's lives for a little zinc modal and n small section of colored ribbon valued at a penny ha' penny a yard. e It is quite ovident that tho Wairarapa horror aroso from "careless navigation." Now what docs careloss navigation arise from ? Influenza, drunkenness, a variety of causes. What does it result in ? Death, disaster, damage, drowning, &c.;, &c.; "Tho man who runs a ship or a railway train ought to take a good grip of himself overy night beforo ho goes to rest, and pray the Lord to make him otornally and ever lastingly caroful. That man ought to know, and fool, and act up to his responsi bility all tho time. a > Talking of shipmon, I have soon vessels going out of this port in rough weather down to their Plimsol marks, and if I was put upon my Bible oath I would have to swear that every man jack from tho skipper down to tho smallest apprentice was in a state of plain, unqualified drunk. Men booze moro at sea in tho faco of danger than thoy do auywhore. Tho number of allegod quarter-casks and broken coses of spirits that como to port in cargo would make some nervous sco-goiug landsmen and women real sick with appre hension. » Thoy have struck more water in the West at a depth of 1603ft. A strike of back-block publicans against further use of tho artesian bore is imminent. Max and Julius Munck mutually pistol their souls towards the Hereafter at the Oxford Hotel. Cause why, " somo one has slandered them." Poor foolish foreigners to go and do a thing like that in a city full of hard-up lawyers, who would have taken up their cose on spec, issuod writs against the alleged slanderers for thousands, and while standing - to loso nothing, perhaps win a fortuno for their clients in the Btrictly uncertain lottery of the law. -» 0 A joke from Alfred's "Brevitios." At Wyaloug on Monday a yoang man named Dixon was accidentally shot in the right side by another man named Clarke, who was explaining the working of a revolver to him. " Hare tho cap, perooivo, you flx on," said tho olever Clarke to Dixon, " Hero tho trigger you adjust, Thus tho mazzlo pointing bo-so, pall hor off and lot her go so " .Bang 1 and Dixon bit the dnst. o "Wobinson, Sir, somo time Governor, has perpetrated an alleged successful comic opera entitled "Predatoros." It has been produced at tho Melbourne Princess with eclat. The brand of Colonial Govornor and Mrs. Governor that out Gracious Lady has hitherto favored us with out here has been, whenever it loft oil governing to dally with lettors, a pronounced literary failure. Still, " Predatoros " may bo funny. Mr. Governor Wobinson is a humorist; so is Mr. Governor Duff — ureal Scotch humorist Eli, mon ! Another striking example of human in gratitude has beon brought to light at New town Polico Court. Thereat Edward Bollby, aged 20, bos received sentence of one month hard for fraudulently appropriating a billy- can containing 48 pies and the Bum of one . shilling. Edward was . hard up, and tho prosecutor lent him the pies to sell in ordor to give him a start. Edward ate or other wise disposed of his benefactor's property and skipped. Hence the sentence of the court. o a » A Sydney man advertises in cold blood, " A second-hand German piano ;for pupils to practice on." Ach Himmol ! Fancy tho life of the man who lives next door to that instrument I "Miss Dunderhead, re member tho right pedal." " Blue Danube Waltz 1" " Home to Our Mountains " U ! Ye gods! e a a .. They havo beon carting the carcase of the Czar around Russia in a golden funeral car. The orders, medals, crowns, wreaths, and other graveyard trumpery placed on the dead despot's coffin woro valued at .£1,000,000 sterling. Three years ago thousands, of His Majesty's subjects wore rotting and dying of the famine. To alle viate a national calamity tho Czar's court generously resolved to abstain from cham pagne for a period ! While the Russian noble was. reduced to smuggling tho fizz in tho back door of the palace (no " aristo " ever kept a pledge of this description) Russian peasants woro vainly endeavoring to keep body and sonl togethor on a horribly revolting diot of black broad three parts sand, roots and refuse of any kind. -The last hours of the Russian autocrat woro easod by all that money could buy of science for tho allevia tion of human pain, bat thousands of poor wrotchos shrioked and groaned anddiod in the darkness and dovilinont of that Russian hell Siberia, friendless, exiled, and alone I A golden funeral car ! Faugh ! » TO Whom It May Concern. — I havo a Brindlo Ifoifor in- my possession, 3yrs old, which someone has brandod like JMB noar rump. Any porson showing a bettor right to her than I can way have her by calling at Porcival Cottage, Ingle- burn. S. A. Closo. Keep her, Closo. If I fancied I had a right to that cow I would not undertake to argue tho point with you on yonr own ground. Porbnp3 it wonld be an illustra tion of Tho good old-fashioned plan That tlioy should take who havo tho pow'r, And they should keep who oau. » Promior Roid's proposed " Land and In come Tax Bill " will make trouble for this Government. In any case the Bill is too real and radical a piece of legislation to pass tho Upper Houso. That emasculated political ghost will continue to shoo off all liboral legislation until it ' is Anally and effectually laid in tho grave of ohliviou. The old woman elernont in politics has been tho curso of this country over since Poet Parkes' hnir boiran to turn grey. . a Tho Elections and Qualifications Com- mitteo, liko all political tribunals, has provod itself a dead failure. In fact tho Now Electoral Act from beginning to end is one big bungle. At the prcsont moment, in spite of " Ono Man Ono Voto," and all the rest of it, not moro than one-third of the adult population of New South Wales | possess tho right to vote. Government by Democracy in this counory is rapidly be coming Government by Damnfoolery, and the intolligont multitude simply stands with its mouth open. « When ex-joekoy Cockroft was about to stand on Melbourne scaffold he nsked, " What horso won the Cup ?" There is nothing strange in that. Cockroft knew that a lot of the saints where he was going wcro converted sportsmon, and that tho information would bo his best intro- ' duction over there. « » Another hard-labor prisoner has escaped from Trial Bay and been recaptured. This prison is tho terror of all the criminals in Now South Wales. An old hand will doclare that he would rathor be sent to Hell than Trial Bay. Whether or not tho alleged official harshness and severity exercised at this out-of-the-way placo are true, a thorough and gonuine inquiry into the prison system is ono of tho things wo ought to got from tho Eoid Government, e <» In throwing out the eight-hour clause of the Coal-mines Bill without discussion, the Legislative Council deliberately flings down tho gage to the Labor Party. If the latter existed as a real political entity, and not as a mere wedge of sand, it would retaliate by moving tho abolition of tho Upper Houso, and bounce the Government into supporting it. The Roid faction is practically in tho hands of the Labor Party. But which is the Labor Party ? They change so mysteriously. Tho leader of last one holds a portfolio in this Parlia ment, and the other Labor members on both sides of the House don't seem to liko it a little bit. Outside of that the " party " has no groat grievance. It draws its scrow and keeps quiet. Labor in legisla tion has taught the country ono losson, i.e., thatany Parliament with a "Labor Party" is sure to run its full time. There's a lot of shoddy in poor old Labor's political " Tweed." « Copoland is going to stonewall the Land and Income Tax Bill. Reid will bo old and gray before he gets the measure through. 9 9 9 The G.P.O. clock "went clean mad on Thursday, and began chiming in a moat extraordinary and painfnl manner. On examination it was found that a copy of tho Budget Speech had got entangled in the weights. The obstruction was removed by Mr. Henry Daly; the Genius of the P.O. Tower, and the old gal went on again as before. No wonder she kicked with a million aud a half of accumulated defi ciency in her innards. « The "Bah" and the Junior "Bah" is kicking up a devil of a hullabaloo because Mr. Miller, M.L.A., proposes to introduce « a Bill preventing lawyers from bring ing cases for judgment before relatives . on the Bench. One thno people used to believe that the king could do no wrong. Blood and brains oozed frooly in defence of this principle, and ono haughty king lost his Royal head on account. Bat the world has changed since then. The march of " progress," spread of civilisation, educa tion of the masses, has killed the old idea. Mon no longer belie vo, or pretend to believe, that " tho king can do no wrong." No. They havo slightly altered the dogma. Now it roads instead : " The judge can do no wrong." Just road some of tho letters from the "Bah" and junior "Bah" in the Sydney dailies during tho past week if you want proof, 