Amateur Orchestral Society. The first concert of the third season of the Syd ney Amateur Orchestral Society took place in the Town Hall last night before a large and dis criminating audience that filled the building, and included not only a good deal of the society element, but most of the cognoscenti of the city. The programme opened with an excellent per formance of the Beethoven overture ' Egmont ;' and this was a happy augury of the good things that were to follow. The symphony was Haydn's No. 3, ' The Surprise,' and though the famous ' fortissimo ' chord for the full orchestra was not given with the usual startling effect, still, the andante was so deliriously played that the audience had but one wish — to have it repeated — but Sigaor Hazon did not respond to that wish. Miss Nellie Young sang 'Batti-Batti-bel-Masetto,' from the 'Don Gio vanni' of Mozart, and though we missed the playfulness of the naughty, and flirty, and coquettish Zerlina the rendering was full of merit, notably the sustained cantabile, and the clear enunciation of the words and true into nation, and the judicious and not over accentua tion of the ' slur,' a grace characteristic of the school, and without which it is not possible to properly interpret Mozart — a grace which is charming in moderation but tiresome when used to excess. Miss Young was recalled with much enthusiasm and presented with some perfectly lovely flowers. Such an artistic combination of yellow chrysanthemums and brown leaves — a feast of color. The first part concluded with 'Bhapsodie — Norwegienne,' by Svendsen, a charming number, the andante of which was much appreciated, founded on a northern melcdy — a volkslied, full of a mysterious sentiment and sadness. This vague and melancholy impres sion is, however, soon removed by the allegro, which is bright and inspiriting, and as nearly as possible Bacchanalian in coloring. As the result of a very careful listening, one cannot get away from the idea that the personality of Gounod to a certain extent influences the expressions of Svendsen. The sensation of the evening was the ' Danse Macabre,' of Saint Saens. This ' dance of death,' though a lugubrious and to a certain extent grotesque subject, is treated by the master in such a fashion that entirely puts away all commonplace ideas, and invests it with an awe and an overwhelming interest that is absorbing and impossible to resist. The clock strikes 12, ' when churchyards yawn, &c.;,' and the signal is given and the dead skip gaily out of their graves and dance, and with, such a confusion and wild abandon, it surely must be the cancan. It is all very realistic, and we hear the rattling of dead men's bones (very forte), which not unnaturally suggests to the irreverent, and fin de siecle, and 1894 mind, Moore and Burgess minstrels. But this soon passes, and the air is lades with wailing voices — voices fall of sorrow and regret and repentance. And the ghosts of dead and unfortunate lovers meet, and in melody so true and soul-stirring that it brings the tears to one's eyes. They lament and renew their vows, and part never to meet again. You can hear it all ; it is set out so clearly. And then the clock strikes one. and the storm rages, and the devilish racket breaks out again, and is suddenlv subdued, and the shadows steal away on tiptoe and are hidden, and all is still, and the moon shines out bright and cold, and the graveyard is full of nothing but repose. Only unqualified praise can be given to this performance. The audience tried to insist upon a repetition, but Signor Hazon was firm, and again declined. The next number was an ' Andante Sostenuto in A Flat,' by Mr. E. P. Truman, an Australian student, whose career in the schools of Leipsic has been an' exceptionally brilliant one. The work is charming, full of sentiment and melody, and deli cately and delightfully instrumental, and it speaks well for the powers of Mr. Truman that, coming so immediately after the Saint Saens episode, he at once asserted himself with the audience and kept a firm grip on their sensibilities and sym pathies. The applause at the finish was long and loud. The composer bowed his thanks, but the audience were in deadly earnest, and this time the obdurate conductor had to give way and it was repeated. It is good to see the young creative artists come to the front like this. It is out of such material that the Australia of the future shall build up a school of her own. Mr. Arthur Deane sang with a good deal of power and repose and appreciation of his subject, 'O Tu BelF Astro Incantator,' from 'Tann- hauser,' and was recalled. The next object of interest was ' A Minuet,' 'As in the Days of Old,' by Signor Hazon, written for strings only. It was most characteristic and full of all the little quips and c ranis and tiny cadences and bird-like trills of the days gone by, and suggested powder and patches and brocades, and beautiful ladies and courtly gallants, and the time when nobody was in a hurry, and life generally was taked a la Watteau. The concert was brought to an effective conclusion with Massenet's Bacchanal, 'The Furies,' and the audience signified its pleasure by loud and pro longed applause, and the conductor had again to bow his acknowledgments. He must have been much gratified by this appreciation of his ex ceptional work. The whole performance was an immense success, and it is only justice to say that a great deal of this success was due to the hon. leader of the orchestra, Mr. Eivers Allprees, who was as a tower of strength to these conscientious amateurs. 