I AT IAMET TALUS. BY GRANT AlXEN, A.thor of “Thto Mortal Coil," " Elooil HorM,” “ The Scallywag. “ Cjiahrbrs's Journal.” GHAPTEU IV—Fraternal Amenities. The season was womog towards us end: Mrs Hesalegravo and Kathleen were oil the eve of flight for their repulur round of autumn visits m the country, before returning to their winter quarters in Veuico. inese autumn visits were half friendly, half pro fessional. It was one of the griefs of Mrs Hesslograve's life, indeed, that Kathleen avoca tion as an artist compelled her to do and to suffer many things which in her mother s eves were undignified, and almost unlady • u ®* Foremostamongst them was the necessity, when visiting in the country, for carrying her port folio of sketches along with her ; for Kathloen B success was merely a private and local one: she depended largely for selling her pictures upon the frieudly appreciation of her own acquaintances. It is true, being a timid and retiring girl, Bhe never thrust her work incontinently upon her hosts on the contrary, she was nervously shy about anything that looked like self-advertisement or pushing? Still, thefnot remained that unless she went a round of country visits in the autumn, Bhe would never havo sold most of her pictures at all; and this fact, whioh gave Kath l leen herself no small shrinkings of natural I delicaoy, covered Mrs Hesslegravo^ in a very I different way with shame and humiliation. For to Mrs HesBlegrave, it was a painful and disgraceful thing that people should know her ‘ daughter had to work for her living at all; in hee young days, she was wont to Bay severely! young ladies used to paint for their own amuBement, not for filthy lucre t and when ever she said it, with a disapproving toss of the dainty coffee - colored Homton head-dress, Kathleen hadaomehow an unpleaaant feeling m the background of her heart that it was really very wrong of her to bo so badly off, and that if only she had inherited the feelings and manners of a perfect lady, ehe would have managed to bo born with five thousand a year, and nothing to do for it. Though, to be sure, if she hadn't bo managed, after all, it might with some show of reason be urged in oxteuua tion that tho fault lay rather at tho door of that impeccable Mrs Hosalegravo herself, aud the kite lamented General of Artillery, her husband, who had been jointly responsible for bringing Kathleen into tho world with no better en dowment than juBt a pair of pretty white hands, and an artistic faculty for deftly employing them in the production of beautiful aud pleasing ! images. _ „ On this particular evening, howevor, Rain loon was tired with packing ; her head ached slightly ; and she was anxious to bo kopt as un* i disturbed as possible. Therefore, of course, her brother Reginald bad chosen it ns tho npteat moment to drop in towards the dinner hour for a farewell visit to hia mother and sister, llegi uald was twenty, witli a faint black line on his upper lip—which he callod a rcoustacho—aud ho was a child entiroly after Mru IleBslogravo’s own heart; in hia mother’s eyes, iudeod, a cou* Bumraatogentleman. To bo auro thojpoor boy hud the misfortune to bo eugagod in an office in tho City—a moBt painful position * Mrs Hasalo grave’a narrow means had never allowed her to send him to Sandhurst or Woolwich and get him a commission in tho urmy—hut that the fond mother regarded as poor Reggie's ill luck; and Reggie himself endeavored to make up for it by copying to the best of hia ability tho tone and manner of military circles, oa far aa was compatible with tho strict routine of a stockbroker’s office. If collars and cuffs and the latest thing out in octagon ties constitute tho real criterion of tho gentle life (as is tho II naive” belief of bo large a fraction of tho citv), then was Reginald Ffesslegravo indeed a gentleman. What though lie subsisted in great Eart on poor Kathleen's earnings, and pocketed er hard won cash to supplement his own narrow salary, with scarcely so much an a thank you—one doesn’t liko to seem boholdeu to a woman in those matters, you know—yet was tho cut of Iub coats a marvel to Adam’s Court, and tho pattern of his sloove links a thing to bo observed by the stipendiary youth of Thread needle Street and Lothbury. Reginald flung himself down in the big easy chair by the bow window with tho air of a man who drops in for a moment to counsel, advise, assist, and overlook his woraenkind—in short with all tho dignity of the head of the family. Ho was annoyed that 44 his people” wore leaving town ; leave thoy must, sooner or later, of course; if they didn’t, how could Kath leen ever dispose of those precious daubs of hers?—for, though TURino-ia poor Katnieoirs sovereigns with the utmost calm oi a great spirit, he always affected profoundly to deBpise the dubious art that produced them. Still, the actual moment of hia people’s going was always a disagreeable one to Reginald Hesslegravo, As long as his mother aud Kitty stopped on in town, he had Borne* where respectable to spend hia evenings, if he wiahed to ; somewhere proaeutable to whioh ha could bring other fellows at no expense to himself ; and, that, don’t you know, is always a consideration ! As soon os they were gone, there was nothing for ti but the club; and at the club, that sordid place, they mako a man pay himself for whatever he . con sumes, and whatever he offers in solid or liquid hospitality, to other fellows. So no matter how late mother and Kitty stayed in town, it made Reggio cross all the same, when the day came or their departure, “ How badly you do up your back hair, Kitty l” Reggie observed with a sweet smile of provocation, after a few other critical remarks upon hiB Bister’s appearance. 11 You put no stylo into it. You ought just to look at Mrs Algy Redbum’s hair ! There’s art if you liko. She dots it in a bun. She knowa how to dress it. It’s a model for a Duchess..” 44 Mrs Algy Redburn keeps a maid, no doubt,” his Bister answered, leaning back in her chair a little wearily, for she waB worn out with packing. “ So tho crodit of her bun, be longs, of course to the maid who dresses it,” 44 She keeps a maid !” Reggie went on with hia hands on his hauncheB in an argumentative attitude. “Why, certainly she keeps a maid. What else would you expect ? Every lady keeps a maid. It’s a single necessity, Aud YOU ought to keep & maid, too. No woman can be dressed aB a lady should dress, if she doesn’t keep a maid. The thing's impossible.” And ke snapped liis mouth to like a patent rat-trap,” “ Then I must be content to dress otherwise than aa a lady Bhould,” Kathleen responded quietly ; ** for I can’t afford a maid—and to tell you the truth, Reggio, I really don’t know that I should care to have one.” 44 Can’t afford !” Reggie repeated with a derisive accent of profound scorn. 41 That’s what you always eay. I hate to hear you say it. The phrase is unlady-like. If you can’t afford anything you ought to do able to afford it. How do 1 afford things? I dress like a gentleman. You never see ste ill- tailored or ill groomed, or doing without anything a gentle man ought to have, now do I afford it 1” Kathloen had it on the tip of her tongue to give back the plain and true retort, “ Why, by making your Bister earn tho money to keep youbat native kindliness and womanly feeling restrained her from saying so. So she only replied: 44 I’m sure L don’t know, my dear; I often wonder, for I can’t afford it, i and I earn more than you do.” I Reggio winced a little at that. It was mean "ir;**** «n tn troll Wtp urllli Vila JiAVAri.F. SillR was always flinging ms want of roady-money in his face—as though want of money (when you spend every penny that fate allows you— and a littlo more too) were a disgrace to any gentleman 1 But he continued none the less in tho same lordly strain: "You dress badly; that’s the foot of it. No woman should Bpend less than three hundred a year on her own wardrobe. It can’t be done for one shilling under that. She ouanT to Bpend it.” “ Not if ehe hasn’t got it,” Kathleen answered stoutly. “ Whether she's got it or not,” Reggie re sponded at once, with profound contempt tor such unlady-Hke morality. ” Look at Mrs Algy Bedbtirn ! How docs Bhe do, I’d like to know? Everybody's will aware Algy haBn’t got a brass farthing to bless himself with, yot who do you see dressed in the Park like his wife ? Such bonnets I Such coats ! Such a bun! There’s a model for you !" “ But Mtb Algy Rodbuiu will some day be Lady Axminster,” Katbben answered with a sigh, not perceiving herself that that vague con tingency had really uotliiig at all to do with the rights and wrongs of the question. " And I will not.” (Which wai also to Eome extent an unwarrantable assumption.) Reggio flashed his cuffs and regarded them with last prido. “ Tint’s no matter,” he auswea curtly. “ Every lady is a lady, and should dress like a lady, 10 matter what’s her income. And she can't do that under three hundred a year. You tale my word for it.” Kathloen was too tired to keep up the dis pute. So she answered mthing. Hut Reggie had come round to hia sister’s that night in the famiiar masculine teasing humor. He wasn't goin; to be baulked of his Bport so easily. ’Twas as good as ratting, at half the cost, and almot equal to badger drawing. So he went on after a minute; “ A man doesn’t need so mich. His wants are simpler. I think lean dess like a gentleman myself—on two hnndreduid fifty.” ” As you* salary’s eighy,” Kathleen pat in, t resignedly, with one hand on her aching head, 1 “iTn’tqffite know myself, where the re 4 _frtmn from. _ mainder’s to come from.1 uni, 1% Reggie parried the question. Oh, I m com ful,” he went on, “ very careful, yonkaow. Kittv. I make it a rule never to waste mv money. I buy judiciously. Look at linen for example Linon’B a very important item. X “S a fresh shirt, of course, every morning. Even you will admit” (he spoke with aoerbity, as though Kathleen were a sort of aoknowlodgod social Pariah).—“ even YOU will admit that a supply o/dcau linen is a necessary adjunct to a ^ffiml’eappearance. Welhhowdoyouthink now X manage about my cufft t m tell you what I do about them. There are fe lows at our if Wll believe it, who wear movable cuffs—cuiL, don't you know that come on and ruffft—CUttS. GOIi I, vuu b,uuh| , off th^ “"mens a dollar does: nasty, separate shirt cuffs I don’t call such things gentle manly?" The follows that wear them take them off when they come to the office, and slip them on again over their hands when thef have to run across with a cliont to the Houso—that B what wo call the Stock Exohange—or when they go out forluncheon. Well, I don t like such wavs mvself. I hate and detest all shams and subterfuges. I wouldn’t wear a cuff unless it was part and parcel of my shirt. So l vo iu vented a dodge to keep them clean how; morn iag till evening. As Boon as I go into the office I iuBt cut a piece of white foolscap the S eize of my cuffs ; I double it back, so, over the edge of tiie sleeve: I pass it "nd“ “|al“ this wav. Then, while I stop in the office, I keep the cover on ; and it looks Prc“y ““ch the same ae the linen. That prevents blacks and smuts from settling on the cuff, and keeps the rar and tear and soVth the material. But when X go out, I just slip the paper off, so !-aud there 1 am.youacc.with spotless linen, like a gentleman 1 And he de m^Amo9dtting“nIio-tl/odge!’' Kathleen an bwared with languid interest. . . “Yes, it’s careful of me,” IteKgiQ went on , “Irm naturally careful. And by such strict bit* of economy, I expect in the end—to keep down my expenditure on drees to two hundred and fifty,” . .. Kathleen emiled very faintly. » you don’t think a fellow can do it on less, do you ?” Reggio continued once more m an argumentative spirit. . . . * Yes I do,” Kathleen replied. think so. And if he’s a man and can t afford to epend so much, I think ho should be ashamed of himself for talking eueh nonsense. “ Well, but look here, you know, Reggio began, “ what’s a man to do ! You just thiuk of it this way ! First, ho must have a dress suit, once a year of course; you’ll admit-that 3 a necessity. Gloves and white ties—those ho needs for evening. Then a frock coat and waistcoat, with trousorB to match ; and a black cutaway lot for afternoon toa : and two suits of dittos for country wear : and a tweed with knickerbockers for shooting and so forth : and a tennis coat, and boating flannels, and— 1 _ 11 Oh, don't, Reggio!” his sister cried, shrink ing away and clapping her bands to her aching head. “ You comb my braiu ! I’m too tired to arguo with you.” “ That’s just it,’’Reggio continued, delighted. “ You live in wretched lodgings, witli no propor food—your cook’s atrooious : and you work till you drop at your beastly-painting: and you tire yourself out with packing your own boxes, instead of keeping a maid, who’d do it all like a shot for you ; and wlmt’a tho conBo quonco? Why, you’re unfit for society ! When a follow comes round to pay you a visit after a hard day’s work, and expects a little re laxation and stimulating talk with tho ladies of his family—he Dndsyou worn out' a more boiled rag : while as to music or conversation, or some agreeable chat—oh, dear me, no! not tho ghost of un idea of it.” Kathleen's patience was oxhausted. M dear boy,” she said, half angrily, “X have to work to keep myself alive, and you too, into the bargain. And if you expect me to supply you with two hundred a year to Bpond upon your wardrobe, why, you must at least consent to ' '0 up tho pleasure of music in the oveu What Reginald might havo answered to is unexpected attack remainB an unknown ot in the history of tho ur.iverso ; for just at at minute the no.it'capped little waiting-maid tho Kensington lodgings opened the door ith a flourish and announced, 11 Mr Morti The young Amorican outered with undis ised alacrity, and gazed delighted around tho em. ” Mrs Hesslegrave is OUT, I hear,” he gan with meaning, as he took Kathleen's nd. Then he started a little in surprise as iginald roBe from the ohair where he had been ting, unBoeu. “ But your brother’s here," added in a disappointed after-thought, whoso stinct tone of regret must needB have struck .ybody less Belt-centred uud Delt-onlisfiod than a stockbroker's assistant. “ Yes, X droppod round to say good-bye to y people tonight,” Reggie answered with a awl, caressing that budding black line of his iper lip with all a hobbledehoy’s affeotion. They’re off on a round of visits to the untry just now. Hard lines on mo ! I shall i left all alone by myself in Loudon.” 