[?] ?k ,v „ — — (Copyright.) COLLEGE UCK. I EEMIBK4BLE, YET TflOE STORY OF THE Penal Records of Yan Dieman's Land. ? r — ^ B'r vdFTAik i^cie:; * CHAPTER VIII. ' I am afraid the ruffian will kill Mary in the meantime unless, impos sible as it may seem, he has relented and is taking her back to her home again. It almost looks like it in his coming this way amidst the settled district God grant all may turn out well yet,' replied the leader of the ex pedition. 'If not I wish I had never undertaken this mission of revenge,' he added, and then I would have been at home to guard her from harm. ' The greatest care will not always do that. My own opinion is that your sister will come out safely ' in the end, and that is not far away. Keep your patience until to morrow, friend,' returned Griffin. This was the best advice he could give and all the men were fain to pro fit by it. The night passed without in cident and at daylight the tracks were again taken up and followed due east. ' I don't understand where they are making for in this direction. I thought * they would turn north or south but j they are going straight on and will come up with a sharp turn soon. The coast is not more than a couple of miles away and there is no escape in that direction.' spoke the constable about an hour after noon as he was laboriously tracking the fugitives. - The small footmarks of Mary Ed wards kept beside the larger prints of the man and there was no mistaking the trail in consequence. Each hour they became fresher, and as the sun de clined in the western heavens the four men came in sight of the ocean at a point not far from Falmouth Bay. They were now not more than a mile distant from it, and as the tracks led straight on it occurred to Griffin that the fugi tives were making for one of the numerous caverns which indented the coast line in that direction. 'Of course Tarleton would have some knowledge of this locality, but it is absolute madness on his part to think of escape in such a manner. I will run him down in twenty-four hours if he ' adopts that idea. He will not have the ! ghost of a show, and he must be insane to think of such a thing. Yet why does he bring the girl with him in this fashion ? — and she appears to be willing enough to accompany him, too. If she was the heroine her brothers picture her, why she would have given him plenty of trouble before going this far. li s a queer affair altogether, but Miles Grifim is just the man to elucidate it,' the somewhat puzzled constable mused. There was a conviction growing up in his mind that the girl was not ac companying the outlaw against her will for it seemed scarcely possible the man could force her to do so under the circumstances without using extreme violence. Of course he did not hint his suspicions to the brothers, who seemed as if a dark cloud of -woe had fallen on them. It was near sunset when the party arrived at the cliffs which. fronted Tas man'i Sea. In places they were a couple of hundred feet in height and so pre ciptous that no human being could possibly descend their rugged sides, but there were many weather-eaten spots where the explorer could descend to the beach far below. The footprints led to one of these marine paths and before going down the constable led the party over to a ledge of the cliff where it might be possible to get a good view of the coast line. ' We may have a chance of seeing the fellow, but if not we will go down at once. It will not take us five minutes and may save hours. The tracks, as you noticed, are quite fresh so that they cannot be far ahead.' This was so, and the three men will ingly followed in the eager hope that they might be able to catch sight of the girl if not the bushranger. There was a magnificent view from the spot though the mists of evening were be ginning to fall upon the ocean and sea ward little could be distinguished. To the north and the south the party looked but nothing met their e5res save the stretch of frowning coast line. To the south the small harbor of Falmouth was noticed scarce two miles away, and in this direction the constable fixed his gaze as he felt it was possible the bush ranger might take the girl, and leave her there rather than make a sacrifice. His attention Svas attracted by a wild cry from Frederick Edwards, -who stood oa a projecting rock in the cliff about ?twenty yards away. The young ynata ?was standing with' hi^ right 'arm out stretched in a northerly direction and his whole bearing denoted intense ex citement With a run Miles Griffin was at his side and stood dumfounded for a few minutes looking' in the in dicated direction. The other two men joined the group and they looked -upon a novel scene and one they never forgot From a small cove not above three hundred yards from where they stood a small boat had shot out and in it were a man and a woman whom. the specta tors at '.encHsM ^ereixkditpn „aftj£ IVLary Edwards; . The latter appeared quite composed and was sitting in the ^tern holding the rudder while her ruf fianly companion rowed. , , The boat was making straight out to sea, and though the water was com paratively smooth it sometimes seemed to disappear in the hoHs^ &trofeti;'the rollers/ ! Almost ; a£ 4he '? ; constable reached the side of young Edwkrds the outlaw saw =die ^roup/^ and - -lie ap parently jpoinfed^^t companion. ^Tiie girl ^h^ H^ he^id and looked io wards . the cU|t;jMid then ; #&Ved; her hand. afterwards tthe eroup4of men heard, a stran|4 tkifgh %vhifch tfiey could s&aV;^lly recognise as that of their sister and jit mystified them more than ever, , j The tall outlaw plied his' oars vigor ously and the' little craft responded to the strokes, and as the suri dipped his , chin on the western horizpn the gather ing mists swallowed up the strange pair as they went- ^pharitom^ike into fhe white gloom. . With strained eyes the four rtieri tried to pierce ftie veil which hid thfe boat and its occupants from them, but', it was in vain ; and with: a heartbreaking sigh John Edwards turned his mute, appealing eyes to the constable and the latter understood. . ' . ' It is only a ruse to put us off. That boat will come back in an hour or two and we must be prepared for it. There are only two places along here where, they can land, except at Falmouth. Someone will have to go there and rouse the settlers to keep a watch along the coast and also bring down the body of Tom Barrows from the mount. If you'll go, John, we will remain here oij the watch — .at least I'll stop here while Michael and Fred take up a position at yonder path. It is the only thing we can do, and if you rouse the two settlers, and their men at Falmouth and tell the constables at Barrows's homestead what has occurred we will soon nab them. You might find out about the boat, too. It must have been stolen from below, or at least it belongs to someone about this district If you are willing you had better start at once, but if you want to slay here perhaps one of your brothers will go. What do you say to the plan ?' spoke the official. ' I will go by all means. We rnust not forget poor Barrows, and the infor mation should be given at once, as you say, in the hope that it may lead to the capture of that man. He must either intend to return or commit suicide for a boat like the one they are in could not live five minutes in a rough sea. My poor sister ! I can't quite make it out. I'll go now and reach Falmouth before it is quite dark,' and with a last look at the fog-covered sea John Ed wards turned to the south and left the group. ' Now, lads, you can either stop here or go to the other pass about four hun dred yards across there. Of course we can't stop them from landing even if we wanted to do so, but I wish to prevent Tarleton slipping us again and making for the ranges. He would do it in a moment if he got the chance. By watching the passages to the beach he will be prevented, and in the morning you may have revenge on him. The least rise of wind will drive him back whether he wants to come or not, and this time we must be careful not to give him a chance of getting away,' said Griffin. ' Any post will do Fred and I and the one you mention is as good to us as another. I would like to ask you a question, Miles, and give me a true an swer. Do you think my sister is in her right mind ?'' queried Michael. ' Well, I never gave such an idea the least thought. Why do you think she is not ?' asked the constable. ' By her strange action in this matter and the peculiar laugh we heard just a few minutes ago. It was not the laugh of Mary Edwards though the form was hers,' responded Michael. The officer was a hard- headed man, who attributed wrong-doing to every cause but madness, and he was about to tell the brothers he thought the girl was sane enough when the look in their faces stopped him and he cleverly ef fected a compromise, which he did not believe himself, but would calm in a manner the fears of the lyvo men. ' There may be a good deal of truth in what you say, for the girl has gone through enough to send her crazy, and at her age the mind often becomes af fected : but still she may have been carried off by force to act as a hostage as I told you before. In the latter case her mind would be all right, and in order not to bring down the violence of her captor — which could do her no good — would probably do as he direc ted. Tarleton just now would order her to wave her hand to us as much as to signify she was going with him of her own free will, and she was sensible enough to obey the order. The scoun drel has got her in his power and would not scruple to kill her if she declined to act as he wanted. We have run him down at all events, and there . can be no escape for him now. I will see he does ? not get back this way and I expect you to carefully watch the other pass,' re- ? plied Miles Griffin. Soon after the two men left their companion and went towards the point where the passage led down the cliffs to the beach. Selecting a position it which they could not be seen by any one coming up the path, they passed the night without having to act in such an emergency. The constable was similarly circumstanced. He kept guard on the narrow, way ..by.-, which , alone. the outlaw could jeave the beach and make once more -for the ranges. Miles Griffin -lid not dqubt foran in stant what the mariVobject was. -He felt convinced that being forced down to tlie coastpie had by someHeans be come possessed of the -boat, -ahd enter ing it wjth-lthe^girl^ ^ waitdd^iintH- Itie.efef j pectpd : pursuers would make their appearance. Then he would put off in the desperate hope they would imagine he -.was agoing to -risk rdeath; op ihe -iseaj = or make for a point further north or soutir qf the.pqsiMpn., The official was .too a-t- iraf^4-^,;cau^:nt''Wlh such dhaff He ;weU . that for ^ma^yi miles tO|yhe^Porthth*er:e waVnalaritiihg place, anil ne Haa.rprovid,e^~.forrJ^et .southern contingency even 'if the man should; be -foolish enough to .go to -a place, likei Eaimouth i wherd-he svoiif d most likely be seen and captured. ?;! 1 tIB,Mispi3re likely the outlaw, think ing $h£ pursuers would not stop long -at ' the spot whence they saw the boat dis appear, might return undercover of -the' ? drftkiiess and ^nake for 'the interior n again, and to defeat tha^: supposed ob-., ject the ^cojisteble Jay'cmi^ealedJn the. 1 xpeks ^like^'% pa&Ktr; [luring , the ^ whole night As; he; lay,. With the silencearpund him, : the thought t-pf Mary Edwards took fuller possession of him and he marvelled at, what it could all mean. The: idea of the girl being held a prisoner against her; will, was fast disappearing, and he now concluded there must be a mystery in the* business which he could not j fathom. Perhaps after all she was mad, j for her. behavior was almost sufficient to convey the idea. When her. sweet heart, Tom Barrows, was slain before her eyes, and partly through her instru mentality, she did v not appear to be sensibly affected by, the tragedy. This was inexplicable in the eyes of Griffin, for some months previously when on a flying visit to the Fingal district he had seen a meeting between the two and was firmly convinced they loved each other sincerely. So the officer mused during the night, each hour of thought causing him further mental disquiet and making the web still more tan gled. When morning broke and nothing had occurred to justify his theory some thing like anger filled the breast of the constable. The fog was slowly rolling back from the still placid ocean, but no spec of sail or black dot of boat could be seen. Going down the passage about forty yards he reached a position from which the beach could be observed for a long distance, and, shading his eyes against the rays of the rising sun, the constable took in the northern view. Nothing but cliff, sand and sea were noticeable, and after assuring himself there was nothing suspicious in that direction he turned to the south. There two or three moving figures broke the view, but he quickly saw the ob jects were men from Falmouth whom John Edwards's news had sent forth. There was no sign of the woman or Tarleton, and, greatly disappointed, he turned and retraced his steps to the summit of the cliffs where he was at once joined by Michael and Frederick Edwards and later on by a couple of settlers from Falmouth. They knew little or nothing about the matter save that a boat belonging to one of them was missing from its moorings about a mile distant from where they stood. As it was the only craft in that particular part it must be the one in which the girl and the bush ranger had put off from the coast in. The two men had not heard anything about the outlaws nor the fight on the mount Both had been on their own farms keeping a look out for a possible enemy, and they were greatly relieved when John Edwards told them the real position of affairs regarding the out laws. He had left them to go to the constables at Barrows's house and neither of them had seen him since, as in obedience to his request they had taken up watch on the beach until day light The story about Miss Edwards was quite incomprehensible to them and they could not understand it. So far no word had reached Falmouth that the girl was missing from her home at Honeysuckle Creek, and from that fact it was clear she could not long have been taken away by the outlaws. Such was in effect the natrative given by the two men, and the owner of the boat supplemented it by saying the little craft which belonged to him was seaworthy enough but — and there was a ' great deal of meaning in his but — it could not possibly weather even a light gale on that coast So if the man kept out at sea he and his companion must inevitably be lost As it would be quite possible to re main on the water for days in the pre sent state of the ocean, the constable decided to take immediate measures to prevent the bushranger landing unless he ran the certainty of capture. There was another small settlement at St. Helens, about ten miles to the north, and Michael Edwards, who knew the distance well* agreed to go along the coast and warn the residents there, who would guard the coast and capture the outlaw if he appeared in that direc tion. ' Keep a close watch seawards and along the beach, Michael. If you catch a glinipse of them it will-be best for you to return here and get our help. At any rate get someone to assist and you may possibly have the fellow alive so that we may worm out his story. The path along the cliff is a good one and you should be there in three hours from now. Get Jones, the constable, there to 'use. his best endeavors in having the boat sent down from the end of the point, and if you succeed it would be as well to return this way by water. The fellow may be hiding in some nook where he can't be seen from the top of the cliff. Use your own common sense in the matter, and remember, Michael, this is the time to exercise your mind and body- - There, will be plenty of time to rest when this trouble is plasty' spoke Griffin to his friend. ? The instructions fell ia with the views of the party, for it was quite possible for the occupants of the boat to pull along ? towards the north and effect a landing in that direction. The fog on the previous evening and the gathering gloom hid the boat from sight before it was half a mile from the cliff, and it was quite likely Tarleton when he could no longer see the figures on the land would change his course and head for the north as being safer than a southerly run. It was out of the question to be lieve he would keep due east, as the nearest land he could hope to meet in that route was New Zealand many hun dreds of miles away. ; . Without delay Michael Edwards set ofF-ahd the remainder of the party with ; the ; exception of F redetick, ' who was ordered 'to remain on the highest part of the cliff and keep watch, descended td the bea£K arid b^ih a1 4 tlpse s&arch; iarouridlthe point at ^filph the b6atliacL left the shore. As the constable ex-' peified ^6 footmarks were* visible £t the? place, but thfe tracks that led down the ,the path all trended south thus showing tarleton and his ..companion must have gone straight to the boat and then rowed to, the part whence the men had caught sight of it . Qj8 (To BE CONTINUEP,^ \ r. . ' ? iaW ? /.V ? v' . 4 ATT ' 