The storyt*lw*r. JEMPLEMORE'S herit ICwtimlfrom Wednttday't i, nie.) CHAPTER XXVI— (Continued.) .„ .Hrewd, nniailcal mind almost gave l*orl, tue pressure ol hot burden. upon Ear like * deadly night-mare, a 1 nideoua dream. vampire sucking f hiaHhy Wood out of her heart Vbnto! wd leaving her i pw to wild, tor 5S. imuininm wd Bomhrc dreads. Twnty tiraos a day she took BuboU's paokct . iTihidlng-plaee. and searched in vain for discrepancy and flaw in the strange chain f mdence V '^loh she could convince herself Ti.ulin who e story was a i&onauion.; hall a down old letters, two or -' 'lih the Merewilton post-mark, an Oxford ?to* i:.. dated 1812, with the name ' Philip v Hartopp'' in it, a sketch ot one ot the Tl wjth the same name and a Latin verse tten below ; all these were collateral proofs, 'L -ore eonvincina than the rest, and Nora -.niirtrt them asido, each time with greater hsulessness. Now and then she fell back upon hfrtsther's statement of a previous marriage, Ind tried to believe it. Oh 1 it she could only quite believe it-it she muM only rare that these faded, yellow strips (Diner were but harmless parchments and not riJmbering serpents, waiting to wake up and Etioc her to the heart 1 If she could only escape Immthia atmosphere ot guilt and dread 1 What hid she to do with guilt? She had done no «™uj Why should she be pursued by ttai? bunting sense of shame, this guilty fear? She avoided a tf.te-a-tfu with her father. Sbe dpngleil to escape from the consciousness that therewas a guilty secret between them; she told herself ever and over again that she bad done ^rong— no wrong ; that she was, on the eratrMT, the martyr of circumstances— a suf ferer to be infinitely compassionated. Why should she walk as if the shadow of a felon's duct huoR about her footsteps ? Yet, for all her reasoning she could not shake ot the shadow. It only grew darker ill the manon days, and areproaebful ghost seemed to tuft ibout the lartp. lonely rooms and empty (jnidors ot Merewilton. Hi. Hartopp 's health gave hiin a sufficient nase for receiving no guests on his return. Son wondered and chafed at the cool indiffer ence with which her father followed out the invalid rootino of bis life, whilst that sword long all the time suspended over bis head. She dated and fretted until her eyes grew large and higgard, and her cheeks wan and worn. Lady Sophia thought ber heart was breaking ; in truth she was on the verge ot a nervous ferer. The fierce struggle with conscience and the constant dallying with temptation were sap png the very foundations of life within her ; it teemed to herself as if she must either die or ;leld. Then Grace Hervey wrote to invite 'dear Nora and dear Lilian' to join ' really a plea sant party' at her country house the last week in October. 44 Lady Waterwood and Blanche ire here, and I know you will like to meet them,' added the young matron friend, keeping up that pleasant fiction of affection and delight beach other's society which is part of the cur rent coin ot the world. ' Papa and mamma cannot be left alone ; I trill stay at home,' Lilian had instantly de cided. ' Nora had better go,' Lady Sophia had ex claimed, catching hopefully at the experiment ol change. 'I should like it,' Nora herself had an nounced, with almost feverish eagerness. She had come to the stage of seeking to run away from herself ; and so Delpbine was Eet to work to put her young lady's trunks and prepare tor a stile ol things very different from the trine monotony of this ' hospital house,' as tbe French maid disdainfully expressed herself. ' Is if a young lady conld be well or gay in such an abate !' said «he. ''No wonder Made moiselle Nora looks as if she had the horrible 1 spleen ;' she is ready to die of ennui.' ' It is all right,' Grace Hervey had trium phantly announced to her husband at the first (fportonity for eoojugal confidences. ' Nor* Hsrtopp is coming, tody Waterwood will be avige, and Blanche will be nowhere. I could not stand their dead-set at the Duke, and Nora out ot the way, too, and not able to keep her own. The moment I heard tbe Hartopps had come back to Merewilton —Lady Waterwood said tbey had gone abroad for the winter— 1 wrote to luk the girls, and Norn is coming to-morrow.' Hid Nora remembered that Combe Lodge was next to Towneley, and that the Duke would not have missed overhauling bis pheasant-covers lor the world ? Perhaps she had — perhaps she had hailed the fact as offering a tempting relief tram the haunting horror of her life ; perhaps — what is more likely— she was only ready to fling herself into any distraction for the moment. Lady Waterwood disdained to exhibit any signs cf dismay or confusion when she came down to the drawing-room before dinner, and found Nora Hartopp, charmingly arrayed in a new Parisian costume of white muslin and tea rosesili, seated on the same ottoman with Grace Herrer, listening to an account of that day's sport from the Duke — Lady Waterwood's Duke —is she had almost begun to reckon bim. ' My dear child,' cxclaimed the Dowager, ' I ani so delighted to see you I I had no idea we to have the pleasure. And your poor, dear toner is better, of course? No? Oh I how pered I am ! You must be very anxious about ™. dear. And your mother, and that dear ulun— so yon have all come back to Mercwil Wo? I am surprised. Lady Sophia wrote me ™ you intended to stay abroad eome time, on people's plans alter. One can understand t. of course, according to circumstances.' ? ?m .very '''d to be at borne in England Sfitin, ' Nora answered. 'Indeed ! Well, I am sure, dear, we all feel enticed. But, as a rule, young people like jnw'ing about. There is Blanobe : she is always fusing me to go abroad again. She was quite 0 lore with Wiesbaden. ' Why don't we stay 'ere for six months or a year ?' she said. 'One Ws sa tired of always English life.' If it had ot been tor mv autumn engagements, I should ™-ly have ind ulged the dear girl, and remained Howodd!'0' ^°U differently, you say? HerT«y came UP a' the moment, and 'i™ ,'s «nn to Lady Waterwood, leaving un- lips sarcastic retort whioh rose to Nora's Sadly gone off, that poor Nora Hartopp. I to ^r'ev,^ to see it,' the Dowager confided fti'uvaUer- 'After all I begin to be afraid ?'Jsteriotidy'6 'fU'1 'katraraourlaat season,' m .*h*,rimour'' ssked her host, mischiev b;'i l ? you me'- »hat tbe Dnke ? ' 68 ' '°h, dear no!' emphasised Lady Water renmi ..ne\'or ™ anything to justify that tR^.?1^' in fact. 'l allude to sudden?* nn Hartoppe went abroad so 01 uS vS fCC0Vlal of some unfortunate affair ' At! vi i* e\ roaHy looks like It.' «lHltwW!164 the, Colonel. 'I am outside But I ,Wt !m i fjpdals. I nover hear tbem. tad been iL J HartoPP 'ooks as If she M. i 7 bti,y treated/ wub&^^?r^Not» M ho spoke. She knotted imlwi deep carnations She linriJiS wWte tulle at her bosom. Was thia rtof 'Jw®4, and et?Pped *° 'onder. M -iBOls uuia. ? . *'''?- urignv aoene oi ? '»53 tS,w»?ut,rom the ten8ion whl«h beA ^S back to .luv, ^sr «-und violently with her I 50 dad to h.. aocustoaied things. Bhe was I her hsnflj f. ttlom ?B*1'- bold ? every-d.,^?, ' 41 ' werei to hall oaob slgn of ? Wtro/enS' She was Uke a ? sen!4ti'nh°0^tut» warmed baok to feeling and ? ' ^ » bright Blow of Seery ? Md cold, Pe'8M misery ol outside (roit I vkrukB s^.5Iiii5?8,!Nor» 80 brilliant. » I tbuof^i r?Sl n y handsome as she was I ?fPronltoh?J^1J!)',lo()k®d' 41111 to banslf i and tho Doka'i eyei wan dered across the Intervening space of silver and crystal so often, that Lady Waterwood grew vioious. ' My dear Nora,' said she, and her voice rose clear and distinct above tho confuted murmur of table-talk, ' what has become of your oonsln, Mr. Dundas ? Oervase'— her ladyship's ton — 'says be was to have met him last week at Fermor Abbey ; but he never turned op, and no body knew what bad beeomeof him. Lord Ken- more's marriage must have been a groat disap pointment.' ' I should think so,' Nora answered com posedly ; and Graoe Hervey added with fer vour : ' It was a great dsal too oad.' ' ' What do you think ot this St. Clair case?' asked Colonel Hervey of the Duke : the Colonel was conscious of ' storm' in the atmosphere, and sought to move tho thunder- clouds. 'Looks . queer, doesn t it V ' i ' Very,' answered tho other. ' It has always been known that there was a flaw in the title, and now it has come out.' The words were sinking like drops of lead into Nora's Heart. ; ' Awkward for the St. Clairs. Will the new ^ heir establish his claim, do you think 1' ' I should say there was no doubt about it,' . replied the Duke. ' The proofs appear to be , conclusive, lteginald St. Clair, the second son ; of the old haronet, was always eccentric : lie ; went abroadgas a common sailor ; the family ; gave blm up, and nothing was heard ot him for ; years. It seems he married, had a son, and j died. This fellow is the grandson— a low, illi- I tcrate boor, but the heir, unquestionably.' ' ' The poor St. Clairs ! What will become of i them ?' asked Grace. | The Duke shrugged his shoulders. ' They'll go abroad,' said he, ' and drop out of sight. Nobody docs know exactly, I believe, what becomes of ruiued people : they disappear.' Were the lights put out? Had the dowers faded ? Had the cold chill of that old, hideous dream crept back again, and swallowed up the warm glow in which she had so lately basked ? The brilliant, crimson flush on Nora's cheeks faded to a cold, gray tint : her animated manner dropped into a listless silence as she followed the gay prooession ot ladies into the drawing-room, and sat there, listening to the music, and watch ing the moving figures, and feeling that it was all unreal — a sham and pretence, and that she was the greatest sham ot all. How long would it be before she and hers would be discussed, just as the St. Claire had been discussed a few minutes before, witb the same cool, heartless in difference ? How long would it be before they, too, would be permitted so easily to ' drop out of sight' and ' disappear' from this gay, bright phantasmagoria of a world ? I Lady Waterwood thought her random shaft had gone home, and congratulated herself upon the success ot her little venture. She had made a discovery, which, well managed, might turn out of the greatest possible value. ' I always suspected there was something in that quarter,' thought her ladyship, trinmph antlv; ' but Miss Nora is not one to sacrifice her ambition to a fancy, especially when that fancy ha£ missed an earldom.' CHAPTEK XXVf. When Hilary Tcmplemore returned to the country lodging, some half-way between Bor deaux and Arcachon, at which he had for some weeks taken up hi6 abode, he found General Wendham calmly seated at the table, writing letters for the English post. ' Here you are !' exclaimed the vetern, as his word entered, weaiy and dusty. ' Your people here could give me no idea of the route you had taken, or of the probable hour of your return, so I was compelled to Eit still and wait for you. Have you dined ? No? Good, then. I brought Laurier with me, and he has been foraging in the village, and secured us a more aumptnous repast than your resources here promised at first.' 'Has anything happened?' asked Hilary, presently. 'No, nothing is particular,' answered hu former guardian, ignoring the young man's evi dent dejection. 'Only I got tired ot being alone, and so made op my mind to come over and help in your wild-goose chase— begging your pardon, Hilary. What have you done?' ' Nothing,' answered Hilary, despondently. ' And you are tired of it ?— ready to give it up ?' eagerly pressed tbe General. *' I believe so,' confessed Hilary. ' Every thing is against m».' He was in one of those moods of hopeless depression when the sun rt fuses to shine by ever so small a ray. ' You've given it a fair trial,' tbe General cried, seizing his opportunity, ' and now you'll be able to settle down. We'll take a run up the Rhine, and, if you Uke, push on into Italy, to and I am at your eervice for as long as you like. We'll enjoy a holiday together.' ' Thank you, but- — ' ' But what ?' Then Hilary poured it all out ; the trouble had brimmed op and overflowed the cup, and the proud young heart sarrended itself all at once to the human irresistible need of sym pathy. And as General Wendham listened, be shaded his eyes with his hand, and went back, through a long vista of years, to another atory of unpio sperous love — a story whioh had left his heart soft and tender, in spite of the hardening in fluences of time and disappointment. The General wondered painfully, as the young man told his tale, whether there was some atmo sphere about himself that withered and killed the tender plant called love ? 'It seems that it cannot live near me,' thought he. 'Even this poor boy feels the blight.' But he was prompt and practical in his counsel. ' No word or note was left for you,' said he, ' even from the young lady ?' ' No answered Hilary. ' None.' ' Then tbe move has probably been too sudden to allow of tbe matter having been brought before her father beforehand. Young ladies are hemmed in and restricted in these matters: she, probably, expected that you would follow them.' ' You think so ?' cried Hilary, eagerly. ' Certainly, naturally : it is theobvious course. You have no right to conclude that Mr. Har topp's movements have any connection with you. You bave to make your proposal in due form ; it will be time enough, if it istejsoted, to oteaider bow to aot afterwards.' And this simple solution of the difficulty bad never occurred to Hilary ! It seemed so simple now, and so obvious. His spirits rose at once, he could even smile at tbe hopeless despair of the last few hours with love-like alteration of mood. He played tbe part of host to the good General over tne confidential courier and valet's well-served dinner; and as the two paced *to and fro together under the lime-trees in front of the little wayside inn, smoking their Hayaanas in the cool of tbe fragrant summer's night, they discussed the question freely and cheerfully. 'It is true,' assented tbe General, 'that Mr. Hartopp may have other views for his daughter, ifou have to lace the disadvantage of her heiresship, Hilary, but I should hardly expect him to oppose a decided attachment on her part* Hilary, in cooler blood, did .expect bim to oppose it; he remembered that significant Inter view in Hyde Park Square ; but to night he was ill a mood to expect nothing but unmitigated suocess. Poor iiilary I His mood changed twenty times from confidence to despair, from fever-fit to chills, be'fore be found himself at Gitdlestone ; for the two gentlemen travelled quickly, impelled onwards by tbe lover's Im patience, whilst the invalid's cortege moved slowly after tbem. «' Mr. Hartopp bad not yet returned, but was expeoted,' was the answer to Hilary's almost dniliT inaulries at Merewilton. But it was olose upon September wben the tardy arrival really took plaoe. ' You had bettor make roe your ambassador, said General Wendhim, then; be had come in tbls Interval of reflection to estimate more fully the difficulties of tbe position, and to conclude that he might oarry weight where Hilary him self might utterly (all; for tbe good General had the wisdom of the dove, and Hilary ridded, not ?or* In his Inmost heart, to he spared the ordeal. Mr. Hartopp met 'the itnlghttorward ad vanoea «f the nonest soldier wlS the oonsnm mate oonrteiyof whioh be was master. He liittMd to tbi (rank statement, ol wbioh the General thought no shame, ot Hilary's birth and parentage (the son ot a lady ol position and of a tutor, poor, hot a gentleman |, and sym Eathlud politely in the regret that Oirdleitono Bing entailed, the faithful guardian oould leave his ward no better provision than the savings of his latter years. 'Enough perhaps,' the General said 'to advance him In any oareer he might determine to follow, although far from being suoh a for tune as ho would desire to lay at Miss Hartopp'* feet. But, with tbe interest he, the General, fortunately poisosed, he hoped Hilary might reach suoh a position in the diplomatic service — to which be would probably return— aa would satisfy Mr' Hartopp's views for his daughter. Perhaps bo might, in his quality ot guardian,' he adaed, with a smile, 'be permitted to in dulge in eulogies which would be unbecoming in a parent. He had watched Hilary from his youth, and be believed that Mr. Hartopp oould scarcely wiled a more high- minded, honourable, or truehearted son-in-law than this young gentleman to whose strong affection Miss Har topp had been good enough to rospond.' And as he concluded the General's face glowed with the supreme satisfaction ot a benevolent heart which believes it has been instrumental in bringing about the happiness of others. With all bis knowledge of the world, he could not oonocive of a father deliberately rejecting a marriage in which tbe daughter's heart was conoerned, on other grounds than the character of the suitor, in this case so unexceptionable. But Mr. Hartopp presently gave him a new view of the matter. He thanked the General for his visit. Any ocoasion which brought him into relations witb so esteemed a neighbour must always be handled by him with tbe most careful consideration He fully concurred in the high terms in which the General spoke of bis— his ward, as he understood. He had him self been perfectly charmed with the young gentleman. But General Wondhim would understand tbat Mr. Hartopp could not allow a a feeling of personal regard only to influence bim in a matter so deeply involving the inter ests his child. He sincerely regretted that suoh an alliance a: the one General Wendham had done bim the honour to propose was im possible—absolutely impossible. His daughter was, by a family arrangement, in which, no doubt, she would see it her duty and advantage to concur, pre-engaged, in fact. And the General found himself bowed, still with infinite courtesy, out of the room, end out of the house, with this unsatisfactory issue to his mission. ' I believe,' said he, as he rode homewards, chagrined and disappointed beyond measure, ' that I am no match for such a diplomatist as this; and I believe, too, tbat the poor girl is be ing forced out of a match she cares about into one she does not care for ; and the end, I sup pose, will depend upon the amount ot backbone — of character and steadfastness that is— which she possesses. This sort of thing goes on every day, and generally ends in submission on the woman's part to the home-influence and authority. ' It is false !' cried Hilary, in a rage, when the General broueht him the news— 'it is entirely false 1 She has given me her word : , she will not withdraw it ' The General counselled paticnce. He thought he fors&w; a natural and not very distant end to the difficulty. But Hilary chafed and fretted over this hint of a rival, and would have written to Jfr. Hartopp a letter full of lover-like un reason, but that the General dissuaded bim. ' Wait,' counselled the wise friend — ' wait.' To Lady Sophia the young man did write, enclosing a few words for Lilian, in wbicb be prayed her to trust him as he had trusted her, until a brighter day should dawn on their love. But Lady Sophia sent back tbe little billet with a note of her own, couched iu the kindest, gentlest terms of sympathy and regard ; but telling him that until her husband sanctioned his correspondence with her daughter, she could not encourage it. CHAPTER XXVII Hilary haunted the neighbourhood oi Mere wilton, in tbe hope of encountering Lady Sophia in one of her walks or drives, and the possibility that Lilian might be with her made his heart beat and brain throb. What must she think of him after tbat mutual froth-plight amongst the pines, that he had seemed to yield so easily to the very impediments they had both then so clearly understood? Would she be even taught to doubt him ? ' I must Bee her,' said he, in reply to the General's remonstrance ; ' and then I will go with you to Switzerland, Italy— wherever you will. But I cannot leave her to misunderstand me — to believe whatever her father chooses to tell her of me — some falsehood, probably, to match the monstrous story of her preengaRe ment.' In spite of his resolute denial, this story rankled and set bis heart on fire, One day at last, as he wandered restlessly amongst the Merewilton woods and lanas, he saw the family barouche, with the well-known cbestrwt horses, and in it were seated Sophia, Lilian, and Lord Newtown. The sight was enough to give a colouring and form to tbe doubt which smouldered in jealous fire within him. He was not near enough to see Lilian's face ; he could not read the weariness, tbe almost disgust imprinted on it. He went home and tormented himself into an utter misery ot jealousy. The neighbourhood gossiped of the one guest admitted to the privacy of the family circle at Merewilton, and drew conclusions which, com ing to Hilary s ears, maddened mm. Ana an tbe time etiquette, stronger than gates of brass, more imperious than looks and bolts, shut him out from sight or sound of her who could, by a word or a glance, have disarmed his suspicions, and scattered his unworthy doubts to the winds. There was no chance of meeting Lilian at any of the gatherings in the neighbourhood. Mr. Hartopp's state of health was a reason for declining all invitations, and Hilary wan dered, like a depressed ghost, about every croquet-ground, and sat impatiently at every dinner-table in tbe vain hope of a meeting wbicb never oame to pass. Oh I for the murmuring piue-woods of Arca chon— for the blessed chance which had stood his friend tbere. And presently the talk at these tables became so intolerable, that it drove him away. Lord Newtown was admitted as an intimate and confidential guest where all others were excluded; the inference was obvious. And rumour did not hesitate to draw and pro claim conclusions, whioh his lordship was slow to disclaim. ( To be continued in Wednetiay't iuue.) advice to MotbkbbI— Are you broken IB your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting toeth ? Go at o'-w to tbe chemist and get a bottle ot Mas. Wissww's Soomaa a vtitjp. 1 It will relieve the poor sufferer im mediately. It Is perfectly harmless and pleasant to tbe taste, it produces natural, qdet sleep, by relieving tbe obild (rem pain, ani the little cherub awakes ' as bright as a button.' It soothes tho child, it eoftons tbe goms, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the howli, and is the best known remody (or Jysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Window's Booth 11 Syrnp is soVi In- medicine dealers every ' -« JI i ? i bottte. Mb. Homkly is not a beauty, aud he knows it. When his first bady waa born, he esked : ' Doei it look like me? ' Of oourse tliey said 'Yes.' 'tVell,'s«ld he, 'you must break it to my wife gently.' Callkr : ' And so you have a good girl at laBt ?' Surburban hostess i ' Yes, a perfect jewel. But there is one drawback.' 'What is thatt' ' She haa six children, and my husband and I have to take oarc of them wbll« she gets the meals.' Flosimi* I —Fob thi Tjucth utd fisura ? L few drops of the liquid ' Ploriline' sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush prodooeaa pleasant lather, which thoroughly oleansestbeteetbfromallpara litou or imparities, hardens the goms, prevent* tartar, itops decay, gives to tbottatli a peouliar peariy-wlutenesa, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all jmploasaot odour irUing (mm decayed teeth or tobaaoo smoko. ?' The Fragrant Floriline,' being oompnsed in parts ot Honey and sweet hertia, is delicious tc Jie taste,, and th* greatest toilet disooverr.of the sge. Prlre 2*. 6d., of' all'. GhtoiitttJ and ^ Per turners- WbaUMle deptt, tf,\ Krrlngdon lotion, EniU.-'d. 