summary. Tho Government of the United States liavo refused to consider the qucstiou of reciprocal trade with Canada, unless the proposals for the introduction of the system bo m&do; through the Imperial authorities. An amendment by Mr. A. J. Balfour, declining to sanctiou the reference of Scot tish bills to a committee of Scottish members has been rejected by the House of Commons by a majority of 33. The I;os.s!5c//c Zcilmuj strongly urges tho! German Government to permit the Austin- liau colonics to govern Samoa. Senator Lodge proposes that America shall impose retaliatory duties on British aud. Australian goods till Great Britain agrees to tho free coinage and use of silver. A number of representative Quccnslanders inLondon entertained SirThomasM'Ilwraith at dinner on Tuesday night-. Sir Thomas M'lhvrailh expects the mining industry in Queensland to increase tenfold shortly, and ho thinks sugar-growing in tho colony has an immense future. In the opinion of Sir Thomas M'lhvraith, the separation movement in Queensland is dead. By an explosion on the gunboat Cabillido, at Belm, in the Argentine Republic, 15 men were either killed or wounded. A bill to oninowcr the granting of leave of absence to colonial Governors has been in troduced in the House of Lords. Mr. Hall, the purchaser of Cnmnor Place, near Oxford, is suing the Earl of Abingdon for a refund of the purchase money, on the ground that' the estate does not contain the historic ghost-haunted prison of Amy Ilobsart. The Royalties visiting Coburg to attend the marriage of the Grand Duke of Hesse anit. the Princess Victoria Melita have been eoJlN- dially welcomed by the residents. The promotiou of the Colonial Iron aud' Steel Company of New South Wales is being revived in London, and the scheme is receiving extensive support. There are eight candidates for the presi dentship ot the French Republic. The elec tion will be held next December. Mr. II. J. Bristow refuses to rejoin tho board of directors of the New Zealand Loam and Mercantile Ageucy Company. The 1879 bondholders of the New Zealand. Loau and Mercantile Agency Company have asked for larger representation ou the board of directors. On the ground of feeble health, Sir George Grey has declined a dinner tendered to him» by the Loudon Chamber of Commerce. The Great Metropolitan Stakes at the Epsom (Eng.) spring meeting was won by Sic J. Thursbv's Paddy, with Mr. J. H.. Houldswortu's Bushby Park second, and' Mr. J. Durward's Medici third. Armed burglars yesterday broke into thd branch of the Commercial Banking Company of Svdney at Barraba, and shot the manager. Mr.'W. C. M'Kuy, dead. Mr. M'Kay, the manager of the Com mercial Bank at Barraba, who was shot dead by burglars yesterday, had many relatives in the Orange and Careoar districts. A mcetiygof theMunioipal Association Was held in the Town-hail yesterday, wheii ad vice was given to a number of inquiring municipal councils. Tho Parliamentary committee . oF the Mining on Private Lands League intend to point out to Mr. Copeland certain of the Legislative Council's amendments in the bill which they consider objectionable. A Miss Clara Bubb expired at Aclelong after a hypodermic injectiou of morphia for neuralgia, having slept for four days before death. The jury in the turf libel action, Hayes v.fcK tho Australasian, disagreed, and were dia- charged yesterday. : In the Assembly yesterday Sir George Dibbs, in reply to Mr. M4MiHan, said he hud' already declined to bring in a bill covering tho principle of the contingent voto at elec tions. The Loan Bill and the Country Towns Water Supply and Sewerage Acts Ameud- mcnt Bill were read a third time in the Assembly yesterday and sent to the Legisla tive Council. It is suggested by the Parliamentary com-, mittee of the Mining -on Private Lands League that a conference of both Houses of- Parliament be hold to consider the Council's amendments in the Bill. Dr. MacLaurin stated in the Legislative, Council lust night that the Government did not doom it advisable to legislate for com pulsory vaccination till the Royal Commis sion on the subject in England had presented tlicir report. The Premier asserts that tho purchase ofJ tho Rossivalo estate cost the Government £16,000, which, at 4 per cent., means a loss, of about £640 a year, and that he is trying to get rid of a bad bargain. The amendments by the Legislative Coun cil in the Lithgow Water Supply Bill will be considered in the Assembly to-day. Mr. Himlle moved the adjournment of tho Assembly yesterday to call attention to the subdivision and sale on time-payments of mortgaged lands by auctioneers and others. During 1893 there was a decrease in the colony of 230 full-blooded aborigines, but an increase of 136 half-castes, the net decreaao being 94. At the end of last year there were 7255. aborigines in New Bouth Wales, as agaiuab, 7 349 in 1892. Tho labor party in Parliament is about to; issue a manifesto as a counterblast to tho action of some of the leagues regarding tho pledge, and other matters. In regard to the carriage of butter by mail' steamers. Sir George Dibbs thinks the ques-. lions of freights and mails are entirely apart,, and that, wherever freight oilers, tounago will always be available. In the event of additional surveyors being; required by tho Lands Ollice, the Minister- promises that those whose services have been, dispensed with shall receive evory con-, sideration. When the police have finished their share, of the distribution of the electoral rights,, the undistributed rights will be handed over to the registrars and deputy-registrars for issue. Sir George Dibbs and Mr. Lyne are ex pected to visit Duhbo on 25th inst. to open the show and the waterworks. At tho Armidale Circuit Court yesterday,- Hugh Gosteilo, found guilty of the man-, slaughter of George Frederick Mitchell at; Tingha, was seutcuccd to live years' penal, servitude. It is alleged that large quantities of gold; have been found on the Monkerai, and that lumps of gold from the size of a man's list to. the size of his finger have been lodged at tho; Bank of New South Wales, Dungog. A Frenchman named Eugene Posset wa9 found mysteriously murdered aud robbed at North Melbourne yesterday, under peculiarly horrible circumstances. The introduction of bills for the construc tion of waterworks at Tamworth and Armi dale were agreed to by the Assembly last night. Tho Glen Innos to Invcrcll Railway Bill , was read a third time iu the Assembly yes terday. The preliminary motion relating to the Johustone'sBay sewerage scheme was carried yesterday by the Assembly. The ship Titania, which was in coltfsfoa with the steamer Konoowarra, was towed .leaky into port yesterday by the steamoc .Glaucus TJic pumps had to bo kept going nil the# timcvthe ship Titania was being towed to Sydney after her collision with the steamer Konoowarra. The damage to the Titania by the collision with the Konoowarra is estimated at £800. The Land Boilers Inspection Bill was last .night shelved by the Legislative Council on the usual motion for second reading in six months' time. The dunce and Lithgow water supply bills were read a third time in the Legislative Council yesterday, aud sent to the Assembly with amendments. Mr. Lee. Smith will represent New Zealand at the Canada conference next June. Mercantile operations showed a slight shrinkage yesterday. The tone of the mar kets, however, was well maintained. At the Homcbush stock sales to-morrow 52,181 slice) and 731 cattle will be oileced. The retrenchment changes on the southern raihvay tho removal of five 