REPENT. The following address by the Rev. A. Hodge is published by arrangement :— Mark vi. 12.—And they preached that all men should repent. WHY IS REPENTANCE NECESSARY ? We are agreed that repentance as taught and insisted upon by Jesus Christ and His disciples is nothing short of a genu- ine heartbroken sorrow for the past, and an earnest desire in Christ's strength for a new life in the future ; and that some- times men are moved to this repentance from fears of punishment as well as from the loftier motive because they see them- selves living and working against a God of Love ; and that Jesus Christ appealed to men to repent, and pointed to what might be means to their repentance, both to the dangers and uncertainties of life as well as to the goodness of God. But we ask now : Why should repentance be neces- sary ? And it should be our duty to answer this question, not for the sake of a discussion, but because there are men to-day, and perhaps even some worship- ping with us, who hold and have held for years that repentance is not necessary so long as they live a life of honesty and straightforwardness. This is easily dealt with, because there never has been yet, out of all the teeming millions of people on the earth, and out of all the nations, a single man that has lived a life answering to this description except Him born in Bethlehem of Judæa, Son of Man, Son of God. To say that one's life need not be repented of means to say that the man has always observed the golden rule, " Do ye unto others as ye would have others do unto you ;" and that the life in all its thought and activity has never deviated from the path of rectitude, not even a shade either to the right or to the left. Then others contend that repent- ance is not necessary so long as they are living up to their light and acting strictly according to their conscience. There is a twofold answer to this—first, it is im- possible for a man not sometimes to violate his own conscience ; second, but suppose it was, what kind of a conscience has a man got—a man warped and wisted by the rough and tangle of a world of sin ? Why, Paul acted up to the light he had and obeyed this con- science when he persecuted the Chris- tians even unto death. There is no limit to the darkness that a man's conscience may lead him into. Some men have no conscience at all. I have not much faith in the story about following con- science, because I am sure that outside of the directing power of Jesus Christ the conscience of a natural man is a failure, and would only be a case of the blind leading the blind. The conscience void of offence toward God and toward men is the conscience of a consecrated life. But we may spend all our time if we choose answering the arguments of the un- repentant. We may as well answer our own question in the way that Christ has taught us, and pray that God's blessing may so rest upon every one of us that we may never be found striving to quiet our sinful souls by arguing against the Holy Spirit. Every man in his life and words and work has to deal with three great living facts. First, the Eternal God, Creator, Father. Second, the human life—his brother man. Third, his own sinful immortal soul. So that we will deal with three primary reasons why repentance is necessary : To glorify God ; to be fair and square with mankind ; and to save one's soul from sin. First—To glorify God. I put this first because it is the noblest reason ; in fact, it is possible for a man to be willing to lose his own soul if by doing so God would be glorified ; but we have to pro- claim with a loud voice the gospel of the blessed Jesus, that God is never glorified by the loss of a soul, but that He is glori- fied by a soul in penitence before the throne of grace. " Likewise I say unto you there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that re- penteth." God is glorified in heaven among the angels. He is also glorified on earth among the saints. When souls were brought to repentance through the preaching of the disciples they glori- fied God among the people by eating their meat with singleness and gladness of heart and praising God. And never yet has the story of the salvation of a man been told to God's people without glori- fying Him in praise and prayer. While Dr. Moffatt was on his way through Africa (Namaqualand) he lodged with a Dutch farmer, who did not forget to express his surprise and indignation that one so young and noble should be sacrificed to the wild passions of that race whose chief was Africaner. " Africaner," said the far- mer, " I know him ; he will set you up as a mark for his boys to shoot at, or make a drinking-cup of your skull, or make a drum out of your skin to dance to ; I know him." But onward he went, through barren and stony hills, over sandy wastes without a path, until he reached Africaner's village. Day after day would he hold conversation with the great chief, until he was brought to a saving knowledge of the truth as it is in Jesus. One day Moffatt asked Africaner to go with him to Capetown, where the Dutch farmer lived, and many others as well. At the request Africaner started in fear. " I thought you loved me, master ? You know that I am an outlaw ; that great money has been offered for my capture. Do you want me to go and be a spectacle to justice ?" " Don't fear," said Moffatt ; " you are a changed man now." So on they went and reached the house of the Dutch farmer, who exclaimed, " Oh, it's Moffatt's ghost ; don't come near me. I knew Africaner would kill you." " No ; I am not dead yet," said Moffatt. " Then when did you rise from the dead ? A man told me that he had seen your bones and that Africaner had killed you." " But Africaner is a Christian now." " It can't be ; if so I would like to see him before I die. He killed my own uncle." " There he is," said Moffatt, pointing to the black warrior sitting at their feet. " Are you really Africaner ?" " I am," said the chief, making a low bow. The farmer stood in silence for some moments. At length, lifting up his eyes to heaven, he exclaimed, " Almighty God, what a miracle of thy power ! What cannot thy grace accomplish ?" And so history tells us that God is glori- fied by the repentant, in heaven among the angels, on earth by his disciples, and even out in Africa by the rough Dutch- man. God is glorified because it is a testimony to His power and grace. Second—To atone for the offence to our fellow-men. Have you ever wronged a fellow-man ? Have you ever caused him innocently to suffer through your misdeeds ? Have you ever robbed him of his natural rights ? Have you always discharged all your obligations to him ? Brethren, I do not know what answers you may make, but I can only plead guilty before God. Do you plead guilty also ? To be honest you must. Then is the past buried ? Are bygones to be bygones ? No. The dead shall rise. Oh, awful thought ! They will rise up in that great day of reckoning and testify against us if we re- pent not. Let me illustrate : Cain buried his dead and washed his hands, and thought it was all over ; but the very voice of God—the demand of eternal jus- tice—was heard, " The voice of thy brother's blood crieth to me from the ground." Macbeth, looking at his gory hands after the cold-blooded murder, exclaimed, " This is a sorry night." " A foolish thought to say—a sorry night," put in Lady Macbeth. But Macbeth said, " Methought I heard a voice cry, ' Sleep no more ; Macbeth doth murder sleep — innocent sleep.' " Still she expostulated : " Go, get some water and wash this filthy witness from your hands." But in agony he could only say, " Will all great Neptune's ocean wash this blood clean from my hand ? No ; this my hand will rather the multi- tudinous seas incarnadine, making the green one red." Again, Dr. Moffatt, coming upon another African king sitting with his leading warriors around him one Sunday morning, preached to them Jesus, but without any effect until he made mention of His having raised the dead. Their eyes flamed. " Can he raise the dead ?" said one. " The dead live ?" " Never," said the king. " Yes, they shall rise again." said Moffat. " What ! all that have been eaten by wild beasts ; all whose bodies have been left in the desert ? Will they live ?" " Yes, and come to judgment," was the reply. He sprang to his feet. " Will the slain in battle rise again ? Will my father rise ?" " Yes," most surely. " Hark ye, O men," said the wild king, turning to his comrades ; " ye have heard the tales of long ago ; did ye ever hear such words as these ?" " Never, never," was the uni- versal response. Then the king turned to Moffatt : " Father, I love you much ; the words of your mouth are like honey to me. But it is too great a thing for the dead to rise. The dead must not rise. Hark you," he exclaimed, shaking his spear, " I have slain thousands, and they must not rise. They are dead for ever." Poor benighted chief ! Let him stand as an illustration of the awful truth that we cannot bury the past. " Be sure your sins will find you out." True, we have never murdered. No dead man's blood crieth to us from the ground, but we have many things to square up with mankind ; many things wrong that must be put right. Let no man persuade himself that because a deed is past it has gone for ever. The dead must rise again. But whatever may be lurking in the graves of the silent dead may not terrorise us if we take refuge in Christ. Then the dead will rise, not to testify against us, but to rejoice with the angels over our sal- vation. Third—There are personal considera- tions. Repentance is necessary to save us from our sin. No man really finds his place in the universe of God who remains opposed to the Great Creator. There is a place and a work for all ; but by sin we have been misplaced, and only by being saved from our sin can we ever expect to be replaced. A misplaced life is a wasted life, and so to utilize the great life that God has given us we must need seek reconciliation with the Father. If you start and survey the pages of the history of the people of the world you will see in every age and in every branch of life forward, prominent, leading men— men the pillars of their age, whether in political religious, social, or literary circles. And who are these men ? What is the average character of the great men of the world ? You will find the world's truly great men are men who have been saved by the blood of Christ, having repented unto salvation. 