THE COOK LANE GHOST. TnE ghost of Ooek Lane is the subject of an artiolo by Mr. Howard Pyle, in ' Harper's Magazine.' The lane, according to Mr. Pyle, was a dirty little slum at the back of ov< Hojiuiuiiico vuutbU) ucvnupu KJiturr j.j.111 and Giltspur-strcet. The house where tho ghost disported herself was tenanted by Mr. Parson, clerk of St. Sepulchre's Church, who had a daughter aged twelve years, the ' modium,' in the case. To Mr. Parsons, in 1759 enters Mr. Kent, or Kempe, who was living with his deceased's wife's sister, Miss Fanny. Each of these interesting lovers made a will bequeathing his, or her, worldly wealth to the survivor, On a certain occasion Mr. Kent had to go to a funeral in the country, leaving Miss Funny alone in Cock Lane: Tho young woman invited Parsonls little girl to share her bed and both she and the child were Kept awake an night by scratching and rapping noises. These phenomena recurred at intervals for I somo time, and were unexplained. Then the Kcntb quarrelled with Parsons, and left lodgings, and tho disturbance ceased. In her now lodgings in Olerkenwell, Miss Fanny died, and then the trouble began . again in Oook Lane always attending Parson's little girl. She became muoh alarmed, and a woman named Mary Fraser was procured to attend her, Miss Fraser suggested trying to correspond by raps with the ghost, and tho ghost choBe to allege that it or she had been poisoned by Mr. Kent, and that it wnnted Mr. Kent to bo satisfactorily banged. Not only did it rap, but it filled the room with a sound of fluttering wings. All London now tiocKca to l»oqk .mine, iiorase Wulpolo went with Lady Mary Ooke (tho daughter of the Duke of Argyll who fought at Shorifmuir), and with the Duke of York, whom Lady Mary loved with a ridiculous passion. Walpole saw and heard nothing, and of course ridiculed the whole affair. But the Wcsloyans took up the ghost, tho Church of England followed suit, Dr. John son investigated it, and the end oamo shortly. The ghost promised to rap ot her own coffin in St. John's Clerkenwsll, but when enquirers went thither, the ghost did not come to the seratoh. Moreover, it became known that Parsons and Kent had had a quarrel about money, and here was an obvious motive for tho accusations of the ghost. The child was taken to a strange house, she was hung up in o hammock, and Bhe was told that if the ghost would not ' manifest' herfathor would be imprisoned as an imposter. Tho unlucky child thureforo took a little board of wood to bod, and scratched on it. The old noises were not produced on it, but noises of a thoroughly normal character were produced. So all the Cook Lano people, including the I Curate of St. Sepulohres were tried for con spiracy before Lord Mansfield, and were found guilty and punished. Parsons war put in the pillory, but the rabble still believed, and collected money for him. 