G.G.A. and H. Association. Assets and Liabilities. GOVERNMENT TO BE APPEALED TO. The Central Cumberland Agricultural and Horticultural Association has for a long time past now been suffering from a plethora of " assets and liabilities," and a terrible dearth of cash. From time to time tradespeople poke up Mr. Secretary A. L. Hinton, to know when their accounts are to be settled, and other folk make anxious enquiries as to when tbe prizes tbey won months ago are to be banded over. The Secretary does his beet in tbe matter— by calling meetings whereat the trouble may be discussed. One of these was held in the School of Arts last Friday evening, its special object' ' being—" To devise some scheme (if possible) for paying tbe Association's liabilities." Halfpast seven was the appointed hour for commencing business, but it was eight o'clock before a bare quorum was present. It consisted of tbe President (Mr. Geo. McOredie, M.L.A), the Secretary (Mr. A. L. Hinton), and Meslrs. -&>llook, Ritchie and Richardkin. * ' Minntes of the previous' meeting' were read and confirmed. Correspondence was read, bnt the only letter which provoked discussion was from Fuller's Lightning Printing Works, respeotfnlly intimating that a long outstanding account be paid with as little delay as possible, to save further proceedings. In answer to a question, Mr. Hinton said there were thirty-five members on the counoil. The President suggested the advisability of getting a couple of guineas from each of tbem, and wondered whether such a feat could be accomplished. Mr. Hinton said there was not the faintest ghost of a chance'of accomplishing such a deed; as it was, many of them had not and woull not even pay their subscriptions. The Chairman verbally reported the result of a deputation which had waited upon tbe Minister for Mines, with a view to inducing tbe Government to liquidate the Association's liabilities, and take over its assets. The result of the deputation was not altogether satisfactory, and subsequently he (Mr. McOredie) had interviewed tbe Premier. At his suggestion, the matter was put into writing,'and submitted to the Minister for Lands, whose reply was to the effect that there was no. practical way of complying with the deputation'sVre'quest—at any rate, he could not readily Bee one. He asked for time to consider the position. Un Feb. 27, he wrote to Mr. MoCredie, reiterating hiB opinion. On the other hand, the Premier, Mr. Slattery, and Sir Joseph Abbott, who hid also been consulted on the subject, thought there was no difficulty at all. In view of these con- flicting opinions, he (the President) thought the Association's best course would be to endeavour to get Sir Ueorge Dibbs to force the matter, and obtain say £400 ; which wub £100 less than was previously asked for. The Secretary said the liabilities were £403 7s. 2d.; against wbich there were assets amounting to about ^200. Sir. Pollock endorsed tbe Chairman's view ; and considered that, in tbe event of his plan proving unsuccessful, then the Absociation should try and realize upon its asrets, and make application to the Government for a special endowment to make up any deficiency which then existed. Mr. Kitobie Supported this view cf the matter; and, without any foimal motion,-itwgb left in Mr. Mol'redie's hands to fix up to the best advantage, with the understanding that be would ask Mr. Hugh .Tuyloi, M.L.A., to assist him. The meeting then adjourned. -- . - - 