A NEW NERO. BY EDGAR FAWCET, B f • Author of "An Ambitious >WomHI, ,, Evil Men Do." &0\. . . CHAPTER VTI. -'-/vr^i;,: Meanwhile the county promised to nag quick work with Mark Cragge. Hi* ttttev^; was in agonies of fear at the prospeot <w™» approaching trial. He sought me. m^jSW^i, onoe with his plaints and asseverations, aaa< > finally besought that I would drive over to the jail and see hia »on. , '• I'm oertain, sir,"be Mud, "that tny boys innocent of this murder. I'm oertain you'll believe so, too, if you'll only listen to fcia story." . • A sense of the absurdity in my listening to this young man's " story" canted me almost to ; laugh aloud, but I consented to meet Mark in -, ; hie grim celL There was something sublime to me in my own hypocrisy—I was fasomated \ by it as though it had been some vast shadowy ., cave amid whose recesses I was peering. wxth one or two dim- descried forms outlined «peetrally in its gloom. Of a truth I could nol < help musing there was never a man W diverted by his own depths of turpitude M was I. Mark had lost all his own wrathful demeanour ; he seemed cowed, appalled by the mystery which had made bim its prey. He told me with trembling voice of the atrange figure that had darted forth from dusk on that, fateful evening. " You surely don't believe that personage to have been a ghost?" I said, with m smile ball. of compassion and half of irony. • "No, no," Mark sighed. "He was flash and blood. He was quite as real, Mr. Mount* stuart, as you are." * _ ..• " Indeed, indeed, my p«or Mark r I Mia, with a secretly deliberated aimlearoera of • tone. " But your story, heaven help yon, does not hang together. There, at the very : feet of my dead cousin, was left the pistol " Whioh was not mine. Mr. Mountstnart! Mine was of a different make ritog»tbee. Mine was " "Then youoarried a pistol? Mark nodded, drooping hia ' Sir, I oarried one. " And you've seen the one wlioh this ghostly individual carried 1" " " At the inquest—yes, Sir." "And you admit that you prowled about the front entranoe of Graydon with intent ta kill?" „ "1 " With intent to meet the master . " And what?" I quickly questioned,ttuMgai very peaceably. "Did yon expeot to ietwe your grudge without bloodshed? . ' , " If I oould—yes." "If you could?" I reiterated. "Do jm mean that you would not bave used your owp pistol (whioh you assert that this airy being., filched from you after my cousin was thot through the brain) provided you oonld have ; induced Mr. Mountstuart to marry ft wanton?" ; ''' S . . . Mark's face oontracted, Mid boih bia bantu - clenched themselves. " I never knew " to. \- Yon never knew, my poor Mark, nor did-•' s your estimable father know. But all 'wi«L;Vr' village was well aware of your ewter* s«u life." ' r- '•;. Here I turned to Andrew, the forlorn father ,v ?< of the culprit. " What more can be said ^ queried, with a break in my yoioe that atrnok/ '^: me as being very finely artistic. "Every- . * thing is against your unhappy eon—every- -: thing 1 The pistol that was found wa* one of ordinary make. His own pU^ 3 alleges, was robbed from himby Oh 1 I broke off with a wonderful little laugh, "Bow: can human credulity permit it to' be taxed co greatly ?" . Mark, overhearing me, gave a groan that, was blended with a shudder. " I never killed Egerton Mountstuart!" he oried. " I migU have done it, I admit, bat I did not, ther^li •o much in that 1" I answered, at first, with a pitying smua. " Alas I" I then said, seeming to BtrnggO'Vi with the words, as though their atemnsM liufcl 1^J? a nature as rich in humanity as my^parn,'. ' " there is not enough in your assertion, my unhappy man, to save you from the mSdH, " The eoaffold 1" exolaitned old Andrew and he threw his hands upward for an instant, then burying his face in them with wilddejeo- • tion. ' " Oh, my God," mattered Made, "mnri itu r < come to that ? And I'm innooent—iinx>r oent! w I looked at the stalwart yet tremalona yoonff • fellow with eyee that seemed to him, w l : doubt npt, two compassionate stars. " You will have every chanoe to prove yaax : innooenoe," I said a little brokenly—jort brokenly <ind emotionally enough for the ' oocasion, as it struck my own critical teste—^ and if you fail—if you fail, I fgat thaty^»; doom is certain 1" . While I turned away from Mark, as thongb: overcome by ths bitterness of xr.y own' prophecy, Andrew's hand timidly plauked my sleeve. *' Mr. Harold," oame the faltering appeal, "oan nothing be dope", about that .(djMjc " stranger—an Indian gentleman he oalled hiia.- " v self—who came to my home on the very mom-' . ing of the murder? Is there not a obesae, air?" -/ I gave an impatient shrug here, while keep. ' E ' ing my faoe pitifully sombre. " Oh, Andrew," I said, " is that poor, darkcomplexioned tourist, who perhaps did not .' stay more than an hour or so on the lawns of : ; Graydon, to be charged with a mnrder of V - whose very oommission he is perhaps at this . moment oompletely ignorant ? Ah, no, n<v Andrew! I would not, I really would not;- drag that guiltless person into the . trial.* You did so, I hear, at the inquest, and with slight avail. Take my oounsel, and let jthe . fact of his having passed for a. few ffpnMUltt:^ aoroes your own and your son's field of vision, , remain undiscussed hereafter. Even to tonah : upon the subject at all, now, may inJuM * ,i; oause already too fatally feeble!" , ... .'J!' I was about to depart from the cell, •ad'7:^ suddenly, while nearing its door. I turned toward Mark. "God belp you !" I said with - an excellent and telling fervour. ';• I would graoiously have permitted' the prisoner to take my band in this r6U of highminded Samaritan whioh I was assuming. But Mark made no attempt even to touch my -, hand.- He simply bowed his head cud: ^ answered:— " Is does not seem, sir, as tf God would hdp, ;.' me!" •'.'• T:'.® I glanced at Andrew while I quitted ; cell. " What blasphemy !" I whispered. rv In thin and quivering tones, while .hfl | followed me, Andrew replied:— "Ob, Mr. Harold, it sounds like blasphemy,' but it only sounds ! Have yon no comforting C words for my boy, sir? Is it all so drearily •.• dark with him?" : " Dark as uight," I answered, in the etupa< " semi-tone. "Dark," I added, "as death. % itself!" Soon after this I returned to Locdon, feeling that my departure caused Blanche far more pain than she permitted.herself to show. ifpA, ; in still deeper mourning than before, I partook of no social pleasures, living almost the life of a reoluse. My friends admired me for the respect whioh I paid to the memory of my cousin. " We Mountstuarts were always a . bit olanmsb," I would say, when people hinted. , that my retirement was needlessly several : . "Besides, poor Egerton'e death WM . ao . pathetic, and his murderer, you know,- stOl remains unpunished." The trial, however, soon oame ofi. None but circumstantial evidence oould be brought ; against Mark, but this* was of a kind terribly strong. The defenoe endeavoured to make a oint out of the presenoe of the nnknown ?ndian gentleman on the grounds of Graydon : during the day which preceded the evening of the murder, but this plea was . almost hissed when presented. It then strove to prove that the pistol found near Egerton ' by the startled servants whom my shot had . summoned out of doors bad never been the ' property of the prisoner. Here one or two -, witnesses from Newcastle, who testified that Mark had long possessed another. pistol of - quite different make, pierced the gloom of fail - case with a few rays of hope. But nothing else could be affirmed in his favour. His rash - and open threats told against him with damning force, and the fact that Egerton'e own servants had found him in a dazed, dishevelled state at only a slight distanoe from the prone form of their master, wrought hideously in his disfavour. Then, too, the . examination of Madge (who broke, down hysterically in Court) made the alleged mis- . deed of the dead seem far less culpable than .. his worst detraotors had held it. And at last, ' when the Judge gave his charge to the Jury, • every one had but a single belief as to which way the coming verdict would turn. 