I TIic Skipper's Trea ire. I This is my best-in fact, , r only H of personal adventure, an I have S .omewhat of a hardship 1 1 to be H Sowed «> tell it sooner ; bn as the H will observe, lam not ie sole proprietor. There is another n n con- m aDd it ie in deference to us feel- STthatlbave kept it to i self so H toe that I almost fear aomejof the nr may have gone off in tl kcep- H |or instance, bow in these lat r days: H then the swarming cyclist cov -s the jeMth and breadth of a country ir so in jink holiday rnn ; when for is nse M(i behoof this little island of o rs has surveyed, and measirei, and H mapped, till every sqnare inchhas been H Joanted for : how can I male any one H ... tfiA cnirit of wild idventnre CBKT ?uw — « m jjgrred me, a City clerk, tc start on s fortnight's walking tour though a H little known region of England (precise I locality suppressed by desire of he other I mm)— how can I make it seem possible I tj get lost ss I was lost, or to find what H I found 1 lean bat try. ... we i..:— «.n «i nnfunnas. A H IDC lU&iug; « ""f .:«t_ e m dotty highroad crowded with flocks of jhfpp on their way to the market town; I i tempting, boweiy, grass-grown bye- lDf j a flagrant misdirection by a civil- tpoken rustic impostor ; and a mile or I two of tramp, ending on the open dowD, I with a sea-mist rising and thickening erery minute there you have it. I 'The road most lead to somewhere,' I liii I, end tramped on. ijt did. To a cluster of deserted, I mHikent-lookins farm- bnildinga, with tumbledown etables aDd sheds plastered I over with auctioneer's bills about ' Live I and dead stock,' to be sold on some long I past day. I Then the road became a cart-track, I aod the cart-track stopped at a gate and I went on as a fontpath ; while all the I lime the down rose higher and higher, I the white mist drifted and curled round I me, and the sound of the sea grew I seiter and nearer. I 1 blundered off the path, and on to a ebeep-track, somehow, and then stack I to that in sheer despair of doing any- I thing dee ; in my cockney ignorance I imagining that a sheep-track must I necessarily end in something — a farm, I a shepherd's hut may be, or perhaps I only a trough or a turnip- cutter. Sol I stumbled blindly forward till a sadden I gast of wind from the sea swept np and I eddied round me, tearing the mist-shroud I into tatters and driving it landwards, I and I stepped short with a catch in my I breath, and a sickeniDg qnalm, with two I efeiia nf cnrlnnri ()onth I The cliff edge was within a few inches I of me, and St. Barr's church and village I hundred feet below. I The down was cloven by a mighty I gash, the sea-level reaching far inland. I As I stood, giddy and breathless, the I fresh wind from the sea blew in my I face, and steadied my nerves, and the I list rag of mist floated melting away I from beneath me. I made out first a I little grey chnrcb with a rained tower I standing on tbe opposite side of the cleft I coder tbe shelter of the cliff ; then a I tiny hay with a beach of the yellow I shingle, a cluster of fishermen's hnts, I beats drown up near a rough wooden I pier, and immediately below me more I cottages with lights twinkling in their windows ; for, though I stood in the yellow glow of evening, day was already done in the depths below. I This brought home to me the con- ' sideration of what was to be done next. Vhat choice had 1 1 To turn, back? Too disgusting an idea to entertain for a moment. To the left ? Over the cliff edge into the sec. To the right ? Inland over the down, where I might strike the Imt high-road — or I might not : a much etrcnger probability. Straightforward? Well, why not ? I crept cautiously to the edge and peered over. A narrow path zigzagged "p the face of tbe cliff to within about forty feet of the top, broken off appar ently bo some landslin. At nriP nninfc tome well - established gorse bnehes seemed to offer assistance. Still it was on ugly descent. The light was waning, the footing insecure ; a clod of earth which I touched with my stick went crashing down into the darkness with a rataract of earth and stones following it. The longer I looked at the job the less 1 liked it ; so I looked no longer, but, " aun wa9 setting with inconvenient rapidity, over I went while light re mained lo me. I reached the bottom at last with scratched bands and face and a torn seat, and found tbat tbe last tnrn of the path had brought me out on the beach. The fishermen's hots seemed deserted, J I ploughed mv way through the shingle across to tbe old church. It stood almost on tbe level of the shore, grey, ruined and weather-beaten, with scanty trails of ivy dropping in Jangles round it, looking like a set- weed- draped boulder rather Digger than the ,uw tumbledown wall was etill ? tornce to its parishioners as a popular oonge. About a score, of the blne- Jeraeyed figures were leaning np against J i or perched on the top, smoking.look- tog oat to sea, or exchanging brief «marka on me and my movements. ey were a fine-looking set of fellows, ? strong family likeness amongst i?' ey represented entire able- . Hale UODulation of the nlace. to were all, as I afterwards discovered, toar relations. roi ?06ted tbe neatest, and all the drifted op and stood eronnd, gravely nog at me with an air of amiable Jf,rD8t- I Wis evidently a novelty, and not a satisfactory one. When win. i Twetion, one look at another elow interrogation, and the answer came m — fi j . . .... «, . urawl worn anvtoody Dot «ne addressed. 'What was the tome of this place? 'St. Barr's. for 'Where was the nearest » j i ' Why, Starmoutb, over 1 ?\ 'How «»»Id I get there f I mi '> e1 boat might or ji!® tn' J6 going round to- morrow, and might or mightn't give me a taey are a cautious folk la St. s r 8" ' Was phere a road V This . wasj and h6r'j touch searching of mind ead shaking and private discussion wnnb W f. 'e oarrier due on Tuesday was likely to hail from, my new toquainUncea gave np the problem: was there any inn at wkich I «mld KPpeI 2?d bed? 'There m the and Heart.' And with -one accord the whole assembly pnt itself in motion to show me the way to it. The whole assembly, with one ex- ceptlon. One man alone had paid no attention to me, bnt had sat on the wall stolidly smoking, his elbows on his knees, his chin in his hands, and his hat palled well down over his nose. His indifference drew my attention to him, or perhaps it was the whiff of tobacco I caught ' in passing — uncommonly good staff for a St. Barr's fisherman to smoke. Anyhow I stared hard into his face, and caught a look that made me start and go on my way deeply exercised by what I had seen. It was the other maD, as yon guess of coarse. The Hand and Heart was not in the , habit of receiving guests for tbe night, bnt promised to see what it could do for me. It was too dark tn emlon f.hn village while my sapper was being prepared, so I made my way back to the beach where with much shooting and hauling and grinding of shingle and boats were going ont, carrying every man in the place with them ont a-fiehing. Again, with one exception. I didn't bob lob outer man amongst tnem. _ After a sapper of fried fish and pickled pork, I was shown my room with a door opening ont on the road. Strings of onions, dried fish, and odds and endB of household gear hang from tho nft«n ; there was a heap of nets at one end, and the pickled pork had come ont of a barrel in the comer. However, the trnckle-bed with its patchwork connterpane was clean, a glorious fire of drift-wood was drying an the floor.and nro virion for the nlehtf s requirements stood on the table in ., the shape of a spirit bottle and tnmbler, while a big kettle sang on tbe. hob.,, I . shot myself in, well content, filled and lighted my pipe, and settled down for a quiet half-nonr over the fire before turning in. I was ro treed by a tapping oh the window, soft hot imperative. I pushed aside the cheoked curtain and saw in the bright moonlight that' my visitor was -tile other man, my partner In this etory. to whom for .con venience sake I must now pat h name.'" He was Mr. Marcus Goring, a gentle man whom I bad many a time ushered deferentially in or ont of the private office at oar place in the City, and whom I, with tbe rest of the clerks, regarded with much respect and admiration. The respect was for his position as the nephew of a big firm with whom we did considerable business, tbe admiration was for .his manner, his air,, the cub of his clothes, which seemed to bring a perLume oi me rv esc naa amongst as. Bat that was in the City. Mr. Marcus Goring, as he appeared .that night when I noiselessly unbolted the door in response to his signal, and he slonched in in bis big fisherman's boots with a son' wester over his eyes and a stubbly-bearded chin, did not command admiration ; and Iiorgot to bede.feren- tial either, and saluted him with 'Hollo, what's np ?' ' Goad evening, Heritage,' he said in his customary off- hand condescending tone, that went ..very. well, with a, tall hat and a gardenia in his "button-hole, bnt was ont of place in my back-kitchen, I felt. ' Yon recognised me jnst now I saw, bnt yon kept it to ycnrself.' 'It was none of my business,' I answered indifferently ; ' yon need not be afraid I shall mention it at the office, I Won't yon sit down P J ' I was rather disgusted to see you ; dropping from the Bkies into the midst > of as, do yon know ?' he went on smiling I affably. ' Bnt I begin to think we may make tbe meeting profitable. How long can yon stay ?' 'Till I can find my way out to morrow.' ' Leave's np, eh ?' It will be by the time I get back to town.' 'Telegraph for extension. Mention my name.' ' Thanks, I'd rather not. It wonldn't Sulfa ait J CllgagCUAGUiO. xvo aavu vsvaj day that a poor little clerk gets a chance of a bit of swagger.' He looked infinitely astonished, then and laughed. ! 'I suppose yon have some doubts, abont my business here. My appearance is not calculated to inspire confidence I admit.' He stretched ont a dingy blue leg and looked at it consideringly. ' I'm here on a queer errand. I wonder if I can trust yon P ' I wonldn't if I were you,' I answered him. 'Personally I should much prefer that yon did not.' ' But I must I want you to help me, don't yon nee. If yon -had been decently obliging ib the first instance, Z needn't- have let.yon know more than I chose. As it is ' T nnelsn f-fia nrUokv nvnr tn ftim And composed myself to listen. He mixed and meditated a bit, and at.last started off. ' Tbere was so plfl? old nursQ sbout my father's house when I was a boy, who had come into oar family some where towards, the. beginning of this century. Molly Himber was a- St. Barr's woman— everyone is , a . JZimber berewho isn't aGoest. It 'must;, be more than twenty years since she died — I know I connect her funeral with . pay first home-coming from Harrow,- hut' when I think of her it eeeme only the other-day that I was sitting bn the table, tii tier -vnnm titmedinn her needles for J,er — she was a valiant ; needlewoman— and rummaging ont her . igprthbx j- pf haying jtea! with lots, of hot buttered toast ahdplnm jam nliile : ehe. told- oie etqries of heryqnng days here. Battling good stories they were too, with a fine sea flavour about them, full of smuggl ing and scrimmages with coastguards and alarms of French invasion. But the best one of ail Was about M-iss j miana. I esked for tiiet bneSbver and over enpsetiiat-theibfing of these observations lay in their. .-application, ' ami waited foreofightehmsait;--'- Juliana;:/: There rwaa .taAiifctle water- colonrifebfberfln:tbp..popkpt jot the wbrhbbx, andjjised teugaze fojpdly beaatilal-yonng creature's charms and play and idobuBiboiir- on iScs ,jBr.l,iJllpTilyi, had nweashfad sperimensbT MiMjitint fnariries, unrept ebmt,>iS'Bitorii1b(!iiiMl got. at She conld also dance the shawl dance, and repeat pages and pages of beantifol poetry by heart Her father was the parson here. I am lodging- now in what was the Parsonage, and' can show yon the very walk where my Juliana wandered in a puce satin gown, with oh, such tiny sandalled shoes, and hair in graceful drooping enrls. 'Her head had a graceful droop like wise, and so had the flowers in her slim fingures. The picture hangs framed in my room at home now, and I've looked at it for all these years, never gnessing how some day the ghost of pretty Jnliana woold lore me to the very spot where she lies buried ' ' I see ! Going to pnt her into a' novel, and have come down to get up tbe local colouring.' ' Wrong. The idea isn't half a bad one, though. There's splendid material jaug tvwjijr vu unuu. x ictyjt iuuw Jnliana, with all her boarding-school, graces, brought home here to the rough, rollicking, deep-drinking Bociety of St ' Ban's in its prosperous days. Those began and . snded with: the.- jfsc , with France. St Ban was marked by" nature for the headquarters of the ' fair trade.' Look at the bay fall. of. ; shoals and snaiiowsomy known to one nsnermen, the narrow road inland which a couple of men could mBke impassable at an hoar's notice, tbe long stretch of un guarded coast to east and west. The St Ban's men . did a roaring traffic, Molly eald ; not a wife bnt had her French silk gown and lace cap ; and brandy and guineas were -plentiful with the husbands. They had a fine fleet of boats,' and a -perfect system of signalling — that .old iron crow's nest on the c'nnrch tower had its nBes then, and the vaults under the chancel held more tbliti coffins. If yon go to. Starmonth by roadfyou'll see many a fine farmbonse where carts and horses were always in readiness when the word was given : from St. 'Barr's, and ' where hales of - silk- and tobacco have been built jnp in the hay ricks- bn occasion. Pea ..afraid Miss Jaliana's father was no better than his neighbours — a ne'er-do-weel, pitchforked into the family living as the one place where he conld do least., mischief. Jnliana (xiastiave been a girl ofxpirit, for sheiept'him sober -till ciervibe. -was over on Snndays,. wrote bis sermons, and even got np a class for reading, writing, and Scripture in the Parsonage kitchen. Molly was one of the prize scholars ap-. parently. Some of the lads used to come jast to plagae the girls and make a.riot, bnt Dick Lee broke two of their heads and came bimeelf -regular to make the others behave.' ' Dick Jjee is; tbe hero, I preen me?' ' Just so. He is neither Gnest nor like ourselves. He came Into the village, as yon did over the cliff. After a wild night of sleet and enow a gipsy woman was fonnd dead at the foot of the path yon came down, half bnried in a drift, with a little brown baby rolled np in her red sbawL Molly does not know how .they arrived at his name — it. happened before her time. He grew np in St. Burt's as any little stray pnp might have done, getting a kick here and a scrap there, and thriving on the treat ment. He was a strong, daring yonng scamp, the' head of all ' the mischief in the place, till Mass Jnliana came home, when he suddenly sobered -down to the amazement of all his old comrades, groomed the Vicar's pony, dug the Vicarage garden, kept the kitchen sap- plied with the best fish of the catch, -not to speak of a chance hare now and then or a brace of birds— for Dick was a born poacher — and came to chnrch for three Sundays running with a clean face and a new orange kerchief tied rouind his neck. ' St. Barr's jeered and- jeBted. Dick defied St' Barr's and stack to the San- day -.school. 1 A'greater disturbance than nsnal took place there one day when Ikey Guest, three -years -older and two stone heavier than Dick; so mauled and mal treated him that the Vicar had to inter fere and order both off the premises" rtev wonldn't hndse. bnt Dick. wiDine his injnred face, stood np and swore a mighty oath he would never show his face again in St Barr's till he conld come back, with gold laoe on his coat and a sword by his side, and marry Miss Jnliana! He caught her in his arms, as she stood aghast, euatched a kiBs and dashed off into the night They "Found afterwards that he had broken into the chnrch and stolen her prayer-book from the Vicarage pew, and they heard of him as being seen at Starmonth on board a man-of-war sailing for the West Indies, and that was all' . ' End of Vol. x,' I observed, as Goring -stopped to relight his pipe. Jnst so. Now yon won't believe what Fm going to tell yon, tbat five or air vears after Dick Lee did come back again. St Barr's awoke one morning to find a schooner at anchor in the bay. In tbo coarse of the morning a boat was pulled off from her and came alongside uh'epier, and -Hick Lee hiipself stepped ashore in a uniform aa smart as gold lace conld piake:it, a -ppeked hat, and a sword by bis ' side. He swaggered- np the village street followed byhia boat's crew, -looking for all the world like a king coming back to his own country. All the place tamed ont to welcome him; bnt he spoke sharp and high, tossed ahandfnlof money to the children who„crbwded ronnd, and made straight for the Vicarage. ' Molly was Miss Juliana's little maid by this time, learning to dress hair, dam and patch and wait at table ; so whenDickwasactually asked todine with the Vicar, yon may goess she kept her ears open,'... He told wonderful stories of his ad ventures— speakingqaitelike a gentle- .aian 4u>d talking about the ship as his own and of the prizes ehehad won. 'Alter uiuucr uo «MM» ««» » MV smoking their pipes together, till nearly dasfc, and then he went away. My;Word,Tbnt Miss. Juliana in afine flutter: tbat evening when! Molly rime to brash and cnrl her hair for the > nlghf 1 ..fie had really come ba|k to marry her, and was to come to-mterow for her father's answer. She sat looking ; nt biBahip'in %e attb6hligbt'i-sd3 said asked ff-that $rerei)ick Lee'e profession, die sighed and said ' Alas, no 4' He was bnt%£oeF%? a merchantman, carry- f.X.Kroue/rhht' It 'itrilres vmb .ti/atMa! lye jgdeas-vaa jiDt such a had ' Captain Lee cameuext .evening -to enpper. He brodght sck fell- of presents with him. " Molly talked ol golden bowls and flagons,' chains and, candlesticks,Btriiigsof pearlsand diamond earrings. She had her share, a necklace of .beautifully carved black wood, beads alternating with chased gold ones — I think it must have been a rosary— a Spanish lace veil, and. sundry odds and ends. Miss Jnliana sang and . played tbe harp to her corsair, after supper, blushing as red sb a rose while he leaned over her chair and made hot love to her, the Vicar feebly, protesting. 'At last it wassettied that they were actually to be married at the New Year. Molly watched him saying 'good- bye' to them in the porch. He kissed Miss Juliana, again .and again. 'Fllbehere on Christmas Day, my darling, dead or. _ti a_" a" a IPLm lis alt/iftV f.nn' I Vicar's : ' Gqodbye,fether-in-law ; F11- keep my word. My sea-chest shall rcome.biack fell of. golden guineas ; yon shall count them ypareelf.' He; ran hack for one. more kiss of hie sweet heart, then away b£ sailed. 'You're getting sleepy. I- see, but Vol. 3 is a very short one. tLe rtwf come . oacx. ne a» onog home. tbebig sea-chest foil of . gold, bnt he never saw Miss J uliana again. She died of fever after a Bhorb illness, and was buried in the Vicarage vault under the chancel. I can. show yon the very place. 'Christmas Day cams and: went, and Molly was abed and. asleep, when a knocking at the door -roused her. Peep ing over rile landing-rail into the hril, Bhe could see the Vicar admitting a tall figure wrapped in a great -closfe,- under which she conld spy a sword and a gold- trimmed cuff. He wentinto the Vicar's study, and they talked long .together. Outside in the .garden' Molly could see six sailors standing round something- like a great chest covered with a tarpanlin. Presently the Vicar and 'his viaitorcame out, both apparently overwhelmed with grief. Some order .was' given to - the sailors who took np the chest- and all the party disappeared in the direction- of the chnrch. Molly dreBied aa feat as she conld and ran ont after them, folio wing the track .of the. footsteps in tile snow. She came npon one of the men -standing on the lookont at tbe churchyard gate, and dived behind a snow covered bosh to waitevents. After a long time a soft whistle was given,and Molly heard the crackle of "the man's footsteps on the enow. She crept ont and saw the whole party turning the for corner of the church, taking the short- cat to the sea. - She ecrsmbled on tile churchyard wall to look after them, and . - ,1 . 1 . iV"- " ll_ J a aL. B&W; niatineny Lau -tuey uau nw iub chest with them. Then the Vicar came npon her sad.denly and-/ she fled home. The ship saflol in the. night and -was never seen in BL_Barr's again.' ' Is that the end I ' That ia all the end Molly Kimber ever knew.' - What became of the Vicar ?' ' He started for Starmonth next morn ing, taking tbe key of the vault with him. Ike Guest's old boat was fonnd bottom- upwards -on the -beach some time after, bnt none of those who started in her were ever seen again. Molly sickened for the fever next day, and was raving with delirium for many daye. Her mother harried her away from St. Bart's as soon as she got better. The fever ravaged the place like a pestilence, and years after, when Molly went back tbere, she found all herold friends and relations dead and gone — even Miss Jaliana's name and story clean forgotten: Nor conld she discover whether any more was ever heard of Captain Lee and his sea-chest.' ' Why, of course he came back one moonshioy night and carried it offior his men did ?' ' Do yon think so ? Well, I don't. I think the chanoes are that Captain . Lee sailed for the Spanish Main or whatever his Tom Tiddler's ground might be. I dare say he -picked up enough .gold and' silver to fill another sea-chest before he died. « Suppose Molly invented the whole story of Dick Lee's return to satisfy the cravings of your infant imagination ? Or more likely — dreamt it io the fever ?' 'What an unbeliever yon are! Well, ril give yon another bit of evidence that she did neither. Molly's stepfather sent her all -that belonged to her when her mother died. Amongst them was a queer sort of broken box or case that she gave me. Itknocked abont in .the nursery toy-cupboard, for years till I reclaimed it. I often thought of showing it to some dealer in curios, hot never did till last mopth. He offered me ten phnnds do wn for it! It was e' relitjuary of -gold -""i enamel — old Italian work — once sec wicn precious bcuubb- ' What do yon say to that ? Why shouldn't those candlesticks have been silver-gilt or gold — rand tile bowls and . flagone, eh ? They have all disappeared, bnt it fe borne in upon me that if Dick Lee's treasure ever came here it is here -still.' 'Let ob grant the possibility— and theB ?' 'Then I want you to help me to find it It mayn't be all coin. Then may be gold and .silver plate, precious stones, perhaps- more' church ptnnder— ' and this respectable London citizen actually smacked his lipta at ihe thought — ' any- how, something, wortn tbe searcn is to be fonnd here. Now what do yon say ?' Td like a few more details of your plan for getting away withjt first . 'That's simple. I'm "liijre in the character of a mining expert sent by the Lord of the manor- — whoever he may be — to proepect for copper.' .' -.V 'Copper! Irithess ctiffsf1 ' Clhnner. nr lead.jor water, or what you please.- St Barr's ia not geologl®®!- I knock abont wLh aeack and ahammer, splitting stones, and talk valiantly abont. ores and veins and the inoqey made in mines. ! The boys followed me abont a bit at firsts but the aqyelty ji w; W>.ro_ off me now.- 'I showed theni isdme chemical hxperiineqts, and -sent off a heavy cheat . of specimens by the Carrier last Taeaday. Thine will, be. :nothiog singular - in my asking yon to take . -charge of smother, load, as far aB London— in, foot you might come hack and" fetch -away a second: insnmnti-if -orodfaWpii mediber ft trok itixiialloretdliar' the best What are yon hesitating abont.? Hop'jt fpuibu. Fll make it wprth ynnr while? abopt yonrextralea to,- ; and yon. shall have a fair percentage on : the find. Can't you trust mef 'Absolutely. But I don't want a , percentage — ' ' Halves, I suppose ? Yon have at you mercy.' He looked at me mors In sorrow than in anger. I don't want a sixpence of yonr treasure. Wilkinson has gone to the Liverpool office has he not ?' ' What then ?' ' That leaves a vacancy — ' ' Yon won't lose anything for want of asking ! Do yon expect me to recom mend you forWllkinBon'8 berth P He Surveyed me np and down. ' Why not ?' I heard him ask at last ; then alond : ' I think I can promise it yon. Anything else V ' That yonTI get what yon want me to help in, done to-night. I most get ofl early to-morrow.' < That. mMna vnn rlnvh't. nnihi frnai- me. All right.' Of course he says now tbat he had -his eye on me from the first, and shonld have offered me Wilkinson's post in any case. If so, as events .turned ont, I'm delighted to hear it. We shook hands on the bargain and a long talk over preliminaries followed. We had a stiff jul, usui, no, ud WHLUni uio, uui uu1c enough to get through it before the boats returned. I raked ont my fire and extingnished the candle, locked both doors of my room and sallied forth with him. We sneaked from shadow to ahadow till we passed the last cottage, skirted some untidy little enclosures, and gained a crazy old building standing within a atone's-throw' of the chnrch smothered in.qvergrqnn,shnbbery. This was the old Vicarage where he lodged with a: certain deaf old Mrs. Gnest, grandmother to half-the parish. He left me to fetch some needful articles from the house, and then gnided me in the darkness to what I made ont to be a shott avenue with stunted elms arching their boughs overhead. 'Juliana's walk, he murmured with a tench of sentimentjhanding me a handle to carry. It ended in the gate into tbe chnrch- yard described in Molly's story. The side of the chnrch appeared a mere heap of roins ; one of the chancel walls had fallen, Goring explained, and It bad cost him an infinity of trouble to discover under the dCbris the exact site of tbe vicar's family vault. Luckily the stones had so fallen as to screen bnt not block tbe entrance to the vault, which was further masked by a self-sown elder bash. Under cover of its salt-bitten leaves he had been at work clearing the passage, so that there was jnst space for the two of us to stand in. We scrambled down into it with onr bundles, out of one of which Gorinrr oro- ceeded to extract a dark lantern . and light it.- It threw an uncomfortable burglariouB light on onr operations, especially when sundry unfamiliar, wicked-looking tools came out of the same sack. However they were not needed jnst yet. Goring prodnced a bright new key from his pocket and fitted it carefully to the lock. It was well-oiled,' and after one or two trials turned easQy. 'That's all right. I took an impression in wsxof the wards and posted it upto London,' said my unblushing ac complice. 'Now shove.' We did shove, but the door, warped and swollen with damp, etnek fast till a little instrument was applied which opened it as easily as cracking a nut. Even then, the gronnd having risen Inside, there was only room to screw in sideways. The air was fresh inside, charged with nothing worse than a smell of monld and general decay. Goring held np the light, and I made ont a - spacious vanlt containing more coffins than I conld count lying ronnd on stone shelves. Dotting wood, tarnished metal plates aod handles, cloth coverings fretted away by. moth or time ioto flapping black rags which stirred softly in the draught —nothing more; yet before I bad completed my survey the attractions of Wilkinson's desk began to fade out of . view, and I wished sincerely I had .left the opening foreome other deserving junior. Behind the door on the side the coffins were piled high and close — -the vioar's ancestors bad been the great folks of St. Ban's — to the right, close to the entrance, they lay farther apart. Goring carried -the lantern ronnd trying to decipher names or dates on the plates, casting the light into every empty space. A coffin — the one last placed there — lay at onr feet. It was covered with a mouldering mass that might have been flowers and rage of drapery once white, now green, and dull as seaweed. It. Btood on the vault farther forward than the others. Jnliana Matilda. Aged twenty -one,' he read rubbing the blackened plate with his coarse sleeve. I looked round Hoping tnat nere onr quest enaea. Coffias, coffins everywhere, bnt no sign of a (heat or anything . resembling one conld I see. 'By Jove, ; Heritage! Look! It's /lere/1 Goring cded,throwing himself on the coffin. I looked, and for the first tlmBbegan honestly to believe in the skipper's treasure. Hie coffin stood ont farther ioto the vault than the others, because in the space beyond it, stood something — not another coffin, hot a rough wooden case' with a rope ronnd-ir. We didn't speak (mother word, bnt gat to work like maniacs ; first dragging- poor JU lea banana ont ana to one siae, and then trying all we knew to drag the sea-chest— for that it most assuredly was— from the recess. The stent tarred rope held for a time; and the box gronnd and grated .forward over the sough flag- 1 stooee for a few inches, then the rope enddenly gave, and GoHiig 'rolled back wards capsiriog the lantern. -What an hour it seemed - before he could pick himself- ap -and find the matches ! Fm'not a nervous man, bnt I declare while that light was re-kindling X.feD queer, aS I thought of all the dead folk ronnd me. I had stnmbled up -against a coffin— suppose, only suppose a bony hand shonld clntdh my ankle— ugh I how creepy shoot the . legs the very idea made.me — and what tads that cold on my check? Every vampire, graveyard bogy, resnrrectioiiist c horror that I had ever heard In - all my ' life; parted hp In .my mind; While that sraetoh WiLh was a-irindliog. I , i , \- r At last . we got to -work agln, and after various attempts got a uonod 'rope goiind' the' chCtft,siid hadlit/forth clear of &e; ehtif. A. afoul; inade, ' very long in proportion tii its width, bound many times round with rope which had at one time been sealed at the knots. ' There was some black lettering open it. "B," Goring read excitedly, " I," " C." \- Here's ' Lee ' ?' I interrupted him. 'And whst'e this ? — 'K-e-e,' 'Kestril'! — the name of the ship, I suppose ' And a date—' ' Dent let's waste time. Lend a baud.' He passed a small steel crowbar to me, and we attacked the lid together. The wood was stent, the long rusty nails held firm. The perspiration streamed from onr feces as we worked against time, terrified at the sonnd of onr own movements. The lid gave at last; and np it came groaning and straining, tearing itself, splintering a way from the remain ing nails. Inride was a tarpanlin. Gnrinir'jfl fitmrn IrnifA nrnwd if. frnvn And to end and discovered yet another cover beneath, .tills time of stont.csnvas. . ' What's tim?' we asked One another, as that being ripped disclosed a mass of fine shavings, or dried leaves, possibly, giving ont a strong aromatic scent Goring plunged his hand down ioto them for some ioclwB. 'There's some- flllnn r>f ntotnl luat T ?A -w» UIUWH UOIC, UUv X V«U v gov m np.' I had pushed my fingers down the side of the box as for as they wonld go and caught at the edge of some linen stuff. I jerked it np: and the shavings flew out in a cloud, blinding onr eyes . -and setting me sneezing violently. When I bad iriped my streaming eyes I beheld Goring, with a' face of horror, lifting hie lantern and gazing with' wild eyes Into the cheat. There lay before as — in his habit as he lived, cocked hat and sword by his side — Captain Bicbard Lee himself preserved by some process of embalming that had tnrned his' akin into the semblance of wrinkled parch ment. His black beard and fierce moustache had a lifelike carl. His pistols were in .his belt,his hands crossed on his breast. Under one hand was a folded paper, which I softly drew away. That was all we took. The belt claep might have been of gold, .and thepistoU were silver mounted and corionsly wrought : a diamond sparkled amongst tiie folds of yellow cambric ronnd ' his neck, and a great emerald on his' finger, bnt we never touched them. The etern calm face of the dead skipper held us at bay. We drew the eheet over him wlguvuci cue olmfule hq we conld, and scattered Ahem over him and fastened np his coverings once more feeling the while — at least I did — as if we had committed a murder and were burying the corpse. Then when all was done we eat down on him and t>v the lantern's lieht slowlv and laboriously made ont tbe follow ing 'We, Thomas Macbride first mate, Elijah Hiorpeeecond mate, John Sprott boatswain,1 and Michael Mnllins carpen ter, all of the schooner ' Kestril,' now laying becalmed lat. fideg, N. ; long. 23deg. W., do give onr solemn promise to oar captain, Richard Lee, that we take the ship according to his orders whether he be living or dead without delay to St. Barr's io England, and that If he be dead we will foithfnlly give tie messages that he charges as with to ids friends there, and will bury him there, in the churchyard, and this we shall do before Christmas Day. This we swear and to this we pnt oar haods.' Then followed the signatures. The first, 'Thomas Macbride,' in a neat educated hand,the next in a ragh scrawl, and the other two represented by marks. There was a further note at the bottom. 'Captain Lee died Oct. 15th. I, Thomas Macbride, now in command of the Bhip, having been bred to the doctor's trade, have taken measures to preserve, the body and will deliver it eafe accord ing to my promise, and with it the captain's share -of trees ore — ' The rest of the writiog on which the dead hand had lain was indecipherable. ' What matter ; since it was a lapsed legacy,' sighed Goring. He opened his lantern and set a corner of the paper alight. It went np in si flare and he trampled the ashes to doet on the gronnd. We had no heart to speak more, neither then nor for many s day after, of the raniehed chance, bnt has tened in silence to efface all marks of disturbance, placed poor Miss Jnliana beside her faithful sweetheart, made the door fast behind ne, and -scrambled back into the chill grey light of early dawn. 'Well, good-bye,' said he ahraptly, as we came in sight of the Heart and Hand.' ' I shan't see yon again till we meet in town. Much obliged.' He paused, evidently casting abont foreome appropriate word to form the epitaph of oar dead plana. ' Of Coarse Fm disgusted — that I don't deny. Not so much at the loss as at the confounded sentimen- tality or tne leuow. uooa mgoi : — Argosy. . 