CONFESSION. — , — *. ? CHAPTER XXIV. — (CoimanjBD.) He sank back as lie screamed -mt ?with such strength as he bad left ; but his eyes and his finger were pointedly fixed towards somebody who then just entered. 'Seise him — Adam Forness, the Coiner I' he cried again. 'Poor fellow!' said John Heron, nodding to the surgeon, and bowing to Morland slightly and coldly. ' Ah ! I thought no sane human creature could have posted that placard. Poor fellow — I see. Do you think you'll pull him through, WilliamBP What name was he saying — Adam Farness ? . Perhaps you will ask Mr. Morland if he knows the name ?' Nothing could have been kinder than the banker's bearing, nothing more dignified. Morland himself felt shamed out of his vague suspicions. Suddenly Stephen Ray broke out again. ' You were to be Robespierre — I Dan ton !' cried the sickly creature whom the Giant of the Terror could have crushed, between his finger and. thumb. 1' Sic semper tyrannisl Now Citizen Mof land, rouse the people 1 I denounce Adam Furness the Coiner ; Adam Purnees the Tyrant ; Adam Fnrness the Traitor ; Adam Furneas — and there ie stands !' ' Mr. Morland,' said John Heron, u it is my duty to tell you of an impression in the city that you were yourself the instiga tor of that placard on the Guild' hall I never believed it myself, I need not tell you. Gentlemen do not fight in that way. It will give be pleasure — as your opponent— -to testify to the condition of this poor fellow here, and to acquit you of all compli city in an act of simple lunacy, and nothing more.' He spoke without flinching, looking Morland straight in the eyes. Yet it Was a moment of agonised suspense — it was a test -whether his identity had been discovered by his enemies. If it had been, now it was Morland's moment to Bay, ' H« is not mad ; and you are the man.' 'But ? I thank you, Mr. Mayor,' said Morland. 'I will ask you to do me so much justice with the electors — -alu3 in my future speeches*——' ' Oh, speech is free. Say what you lSte — I never read a word of it,' said John Heron, who had to say something to account for a smile of triumph that he was unSble to restrain. After all — the idea of letting the savings of a crazy vagabond reflect for a moment upon the Mayor of M&tehgr;&ve;, wfeofee statue was waiting to be unveiled, and of whom it had got about that the new member was henceforth 'Sir' John Heron i Sir John lost nothing by his kindly yisit to the stranger, whom everybody now knew to be tie author 'of that monstrous libel ; nor, somehow, though he was as good as his word in expressing his belief in the good faith of Draycot Morland, did the un popular candidate gain much from this more than generous advocacy. As Mr. Alderman Sparrow pointedly put »: 'Sane men don't hire lunatics to do their dirty work without uncommon good reason why.' In the course of the next afternoon a&othef; visitor arrived at the hospital for Stephen Ray. This was a pretty little Woman, dressed in black, with, big eyes, and quick but not altogether unladylike ways. ?* I read In tile Country news of a Idjndon paper,' she explained to the surgeon ia charge, ' of tin accident at Marchgrave$ and, as the description answered to a wninmTigi Mend ? — relative — of mine, I took tie next train, and .hurried down. , . , Is he— very, '?way ill r* The young lady, Or young ' person ' , *— the doctor was unable to decide ^hich— showed enough anxiety in her question to make him more reticent about the patient's state than he had been before strangers. ' * ** fie is a good, deal shaken in mind end oody,' he said. ' But I am glad somebody is here to claim him. Of ; OOUTBe -you know his name ?' « What does he call himself P' '«? Stephen Ray.' ' ' Ah — that ie he I Let me see him at oaee ? ' ' Certainly. You say he is a relation of yours F' 'Yes. . . . He will get well P' «We have done what we could. . But — as you are not his wife — it is an anxious case. By the, way, has he ever, to your knowledge of him, been strange at all in his ways f ' ' Of course he has — he is a genius!' eaid she. The fever had certainly lessened; indeed, it always left him somewhat prostrate in the afternoon. The young woman went straight to the bed, and laid her hand on his brow. 'Stephen, don't you know me?' He turned feebly on his pillow and glared. . ' Don't I, though ! ' said he. ' And what do you mean,' she said sharply, taking somewhat ungenerous .advantage of the superiority of a ; healthy young woman over a helpless '. snan, ' what the deuce— I mean what Ihe something mild and proper— do you mean by going rambling about and getting into mischief all alone P' *? Freedom — -Liberty ! ' he moaned. ' Oh 1 ~ freedom to make a fool of yourself — Liberty to tumble off .?ladders ! ' said she. « Oh, Stephen— -*u» you very, very HI?' . ... ''*! Hush J ftp! I was ; but theyVe ' ;;gotjfe*bink so, still!*' / * Why— if you're not very 01,1711 .\give you a bit of my mind. Bat why ?'haye .they got to think bo? Whafs your gamef . Oh, dear, that's slang 1 ' __ *'AndTrh&toithatf; ' « Why, that Pve found out at last whafs right and whatfi -wrong. And slang's wrong. Not so -wrong as swearing; but infernally Improper, all the same.' 'Hanged if you haven't been lagged, Cynthia, and been nobbled by the Devil- Dodger 1 ' said the genius. 'Lagged— IP As if the Bob— police-constable were born that would ever lag me t The idea 1 And as for Devil-dodger, I don't know what you mean.' ' The gaol parson,' he sneered, ' Stephen,' said Cynthia severely, ' there's no sort of fun in foUring that way— no fun at alL' *'Fnn!n 'Yes, Stephen, fun. We're going to be good, Stephen. And that's the biggest lark in the world.' *' Rot. You asked me my game jast now. What's yours ?' 'Stephen,' said Cynthia, with a. grave smile, as she stroked back his hair, ' you know how bothered I was about things ! You remember Marion ?' ' What of her f' 'You made me just mad with jealousy. Yes; that's a ram thing for a woman to own up to ; but you did, and it's true. I just hated that girL Why did you like her? For you did lika her ; and don't tell me you didn't, because I know. No— you needn't ansVer. I know why. She was good ; and 'twas she that made me think about right and wrong. Well, I was bothered. She hadn't half my wits j and I don't believe she can see dear a yard before her nose. I don't believe she knew a good sove reign from a Hanover token. But then she wouldn't have given the token for a sovereign ; she'd have taken it ; and that made me feel so that I didn't know which was my head and which were my heels*' 'Dion'tyou?' 'No. Then I thought to myself, what fun it would be to get hold of a few young girls, and brng them up to be like Marion, and not like me.' She might have had tact enough to see that she -was worrying him, as he lay there at her mercy, but she showed none. ' It seems to me, before one teaches, one's got to learn,' he said with another sneer. 'Oh — and wait to begin till Tm 86. A lot of fun that would be.' ' Well ?' 'Well, I got myself up like a Quaker, and made a oall on those two old maids at No. 18. I told them I wanted to btart a house where a few poor friendless girls could find a home. I didn't know where else to go, you see. I came over them — trust me ! By — no, not * by j' I mean. I could have passed a whole mint of sham shillings on them bofere I'd done. Yes, Stephen, I do beat that Marion of yours in one thing ; no, in two — tongue and brains. They're going to help, and. to send the hat round besides. And where do you tMnk we'ro going to set up Our school ?' ' How should I know f 'No. 17 lw 'Whatl' ' No. If. It's to let dirt cheap from the ground landlord $ we can have it for as long a term as we plase. Just think, what fan it will be, me— for I'm to be manageress, of oauxae^ teaching a lot of poor girls to be just as unlike myself as I oan make them. Oh, I can do it — no mistake there. You see, I know the bad side of things, and that gives me a long pull over them that know none but the good side. And now for the biggest fun of all!' 'WellF1 ' Yon shall teach the gazbi to — drawP The girl spoke with the utmost gravity. And, after all, I do not know that there was anything more absurd in her notion than in 79 philan thropic schemes out of every 82. It is best to be strictly statistical about such things. « What* e really the matter with you, Cynthia?' asked Stephen. « Oh — I've been thinking } and I've got to think that to be thrown into a music-hall ballet, and then to get her living as a smasher's decoy, alone among a lot of gaol-birds, with a murder thrown in now and then for a change, isn't quite the best sort of life for a girl in a general way.' « Indeed. It seemed to suit you,' ? 'No, it didn't I used to think so — and so did Cox's pig. That was one of the things that made me hate that Marion of yours till I wanted to strangle her. I'm going to make a regular breed of Marions — girls that don't know wrong from right— not like me, because they've never tried what's right; but like her, because they'll never have tried the wrong.' ' You've turned saint, then P' « I'm going to make other girls so — if I can. And of oourse I can. Adam Furness used to say I could always do anything I pleased. And thafs the fun of it— a young woman like me, that knows all the ropes, going in for this work. How those old maids at No. 18 would stare if they knewT ' Cynthia I what's your screw P* «My— — * « What do you get by itf 'Nothing?' ' How are you to live, then P* *' Oh, we shall work ; we shall make things, and sell them. And then there'll be voluntary contributions— there's always voluntary contribu tions—and private* theatricals anj bazaars,' « Voluntary contributions, ©h. P You'd better have an interview with a great philanthropist that hangs out in. this very town, funning over -with money and charity. 'As you're come do wn to the begging lay, you'd better go and see Mr. John 'Heron.' .«.-.?? -s~j:: «I wilL life a, Mg work, 1Mb is going to be j and we must get what ? we can. But oh, Stephen, I do so I wish X oWiW get you to under stand. When you went off by your self, 1 was that mad, I swore (I hadn't given uj- swearing then) that Fd never see you nor speak to you again. But when I started this plan, it made me feel like bringing you up properly too, and making you comfortable, so that you could be the great man you ought to be and can be j and when I read of your accident — well, here I am. You can't do without, me, after alL No, Stephen, you can't; so it's no use for you to try. ... Just think how splendid it will be. Til nurse you well in no time j and the Very minute you're strong enough, PU take you back to town.' 'All right,' said he wearily. 'What name are you going by now?' 'Mrs. Stephen, Matron of the Insti tution for the Transf ormation of Weeds into Flowers.' ? 'Ex-Lady Superintendent of the Institution for the Transformation of Real Pewter into Sham Gold. Well — ifs a queer world; and when Fve settled a certain score with it, the sooner I'm out of it ? ? ' 'No. You're going to be good. And— But what score ?' ' Never you mind. Fm going to' sleep; your chatter has made my brain burn like — — ' ' Hush !' said she, laying her hand on hia brow.. The arrival of Cynthia certainly seemed to have marvellously calmed him, and it was noticed that he never, again repeated the craze of confound ing the Mayor with some unknown or imaginary enemy. Indeed, since yes terday morning *h*- name of A /lain Furness never again passed his lips. Yet there was something unsatis factory about his calmness ; it had made an uncomfortable impression on the mind of the house surgeon, who fancied he could detect symptoms of the madman's cunning in his sudden reticence and apathy. But then the patient had already proved himself quite mad enough for everything he did of did not do to serve for con firmation. . i Cynthia, had a long talk with the doctor on the case, in the course of which she interested him -warmly in her project for the conversion of human weeds into flowers. She was not in the least like the conventional lady philanthropist ; she was at once busi ness-like and enthusiastic, and with a peculiar piquancy about her perhaps better calculated to charm a man than attract a woman. If he had any sus picion that she might once have been something of a weed hereelf, she had been an unquestionably pretty one — say the sort of weed called wild flower. In fine, so interested was he that he promised to speak to frifc friend Sir John about it, who, though he devoted his philanthropic energies to his native city, might, under such special cir ctilnBtances, give a helping hand. ' I must run back to town for to night and to-morreW morning,' said she, ?' if I can. I have to go over the house we have taken for our work; as interesting house,' she said, with impudent demureness, 'as having been the scene of a great crime. It is said to be ghost-ridden, too; so we get it very cheaply— almost fox nothing.' ' 1 hope yottr girls wont be scared Off by the ghosts, Mrs. Stephen.' ' The first thing I am going to teach them,' said she, 'Is *to be brave. Nobody can be good for any thing who isn't brave. , . . Can I safely leave him, do you tHnfr, for 24 hours P' ** Certainly. There is no danger of that kind. Of course he was already receiving every attention; and after what you have been telling me, the attention will not be lessened, you may be sure. May I offer you a guinea towards the expenses of your work ? I wish I could afford more.' ' And I wish you could too,' eaid Cynthia, -fcTifmiriTig Ti-itrt with a bright smile, ' for I am very, very greedy for my -weeds that are to be. And -when I come back, I may see your friend-*' I forget hia name P' ' Sir John Heron. We are all proud of Sir John Heron. He is our Mayor ; ne has just been made a baronet ; he will be our member ; he id cresting the new docks ; he is a very great and very good man.' 'Then,' said Cynthia, 'he is the very man for me.' There could be no question of the sincerity of this strange young woman. Thorough in all things, her conversion — if such it can be called — was as violent as it was sudden. She was as earnest and as single-hearted in her new passion for keeping other girls out of her own mischiefs as she had been in passing bad money; and I doubt if anything beyond high spirits, a craving for constant excitement, and \ a hunger tor enjoying life to the utmost, was really at the bottom of her own transformation. Unless, indeed, there was Marion — the girl who believed herself to be without influence upon a human life; not even upon her own. She was proud of having gained that guinea — her first honest one. (TO BE OOHTtNtrED.) 