€fcilte's Cotumti. A DESPERATE FIGHT. [Hy p«n, Hull, in Harper1* Taung P-op7*.] One of the most thrilling even r 9 in the history of military courage is that of Rorke's Drift, where lens than 100 English infantry held their ground against and nUim&tely; defeated 3000 of the bravest aod best dis ciplined savages id King Oty wsyo's army Doting the Zulu war of 1879 two lieutenants (Bromhead and Chard), with eighiyox men under their command, were sent oat on a foraging expedition from their camp on the Buffalo River. Two days later laden with the apoils of their raid,' they started bacU. While ascending » hill over which the trail rap, three columns, each composed of not less than 1000 warriors, were Been following np the spoor (track) of the soldiers. Against each tm Agile aod onencnmlitred foe flight was hopeless. A place presenting Siieb natural advantages for a stubborn defence having been observed but a short distance back, the little parry retraced its march and proceeded to fortify it with the means at its command. The packhorses were killed to serve aa the foundation of a barricade, a'd on top of thtmi were placed the b*gs of mealies (African corn) with which they had been hardened. Before these crude defences could be entirely com pleted the Zulus, necessarily merged into one column of attack, owing to the detile through which they were compelled to charge, came Bwarming op the pass. ' Aim low, and pour it into 'em, boyB !** was the order, and pour it into inem they did. For neveral minutes the rush lasted, yet not a man appeared to advance beyond a certain line. It was like the horse in the tread - mill, who keeps continually moving, bat fails to gain a foot. Soit was with theZuluB.for the qoick volleys mowed the head ranks down as though £ame mighty scythe in giant hands was swung with pendulum regularity across the path of the oncoming host. Soon between the fort and the enemy a new barrier com menced to grow — a barrier of dead and dying men, op to which the marching companies advanced only to ewell the gruesome heap. Baffled and amazed, the savage horde at length swung back out of range, bat not for long. There was not a warrior among them bnt knew full well that Cetywayo would pat them to the spear if they came back defeated, so it was as well to die in battle a« to offer themselves a sacrifice to the contempt and passion of their chief. After a time those within the entrenchment caught the far-away presently swelled into the dreadei war cry — the song those wild warriors sing only when they march to victory or annihilation Then they appeared in their original formation of three columns on the plain beyond the mouth breasts, and their great stabbing assegais (spears} held a little in advance. So they came on until they choked the entrance of the gulch ; then the two rev colnuins halted, aud the front one, crying, 'Bnlala umluugo!' (kill the white men !) charged, i hose who reached the human barricade threw down their shields, through which the bullets passed with ease, (seised the lifeless forms of their comrades, and continued to advance, sheltered from the fire of the soldiers by the bodies of the dead. Many of the Zulu* iu this way succeeded in reaching the foot of the breast-works, but in order to leap the same they w«re compelled to expose themselves to the deadly 6 re of the breechloaders, and although several of them gained the enclosure by vaulting over the barricade, it was only to be imnaled on the elitterine bavonets r4iat fringed fho walL Again th-rarted and amazed that their courage availed them pot, the remnant of the column, retreated slo«iy and sullenly down the pass, some of the Zulus halting every few yards in the mi&*i of the fire, which continui*d to waste them away, to shake their spears at the little band. 'We must make this wall higher, lads,' said the officers, when the last Znln had gained the foot of the hill ; ' jnmp out here, and pile these bodies on.' There was no lack of material, and in a short tune the barricade was raised so high that a number of lite dead were thrown iaside to serve as a platform for the soldiers to stand on and sight their rifles over the top. Shortly alter ibis the sun went down ; then the soldiers knew that they would not be again asaulted until the daybreak ; for the Zulus believe that at night the air is fall of ghosts, iind although they are. probably, the physical superiors of any other race, and endowed with a courage which often ap proiche* the snbliroe, darkness has the effect of forcing them to give fall rein to their Buperstiiious fears, and so they gather in aquads around their little camp fires, finding comfort in companionship. After the night had fallen the question of retreat was con sidered, bnr soon abandoned, for it was seen Hiai CO ranaipe It wuuiu uc ucuaauj -u £?'' the open country by stealing down and out guarded well. So the brave company took a. pitifully -mall pull at th* precious liquid in their canteens, and after rli«sentrifts had been posted, stretched thoir exhausred bodira on *be rocky floor, and with a uead Zulu for a pillow, sought tin* rest that wan to «treneth*-n them for the desperate struggle on the Just before the eastern t-y bt^an to pale, the soldiers were awakened, aud none too boos ; for, thinking to take the garrison hy surprise, the Zulus were to be observed creep ing up the defile. A belching line of fire tnfd them that their object was hopeless. The sun was over an hour high before they made their first charge ; then, although killed, wounded, and swept back, they ranie up agaia and again, only to be torn and shattered by the awful showers of letden hail poured upon them front behind the bulwarks of their own dead. Through oat the day every storming device known to the men trained in carnage was adopted by them, but without success ; and when the second night their desperate valour by the hundreds of men «rho carpeted the pans. Daring the day the soldiers, driven to it by the scorching heat, had consumed the little water remaining in their canteens, jinil now j another long night was to pass without a drop j to moisten their patched throats and cracked 1 and bleeding lips*. I ' Lieutenant,' said one of thorn, *' let me j po and try to fill - few canteens. I may pet ] through, and if I don't— why, then, VW know I've done my duty.' *' No, do, man ; if we are to die veil all die together,' was roe answer he received. At last the morning came and wore away. Were the wily savages playing possum among the rocks, hoping by stratagem ro gain what their courage had not been etjual to? Did they expect the soldiers to believe Lhat they had given up the fi^ht, anrt left (hem to make their way hock to camp in safety ? The midday sun, so near the zenith, that it failed to cast a shadow, shot down it-s burning arrowp ncxin the Hevoteri lianri. whrvan hlonH. shot eve* kept watch behind the putrid bodies of their foes. One of the men motioned— for speech was not possible — that hr wnnM creep down the pasB und see if the Zulus had really cone. His officers did not, deter him, for they few of them would be alive when another morning broke. Climbing over the larricad« the brave fellow made hin way warily alone until he neared the outlet ; then leaning his rifle against a boulder, he trot down on his Several minutes passed, then Ms anxinnp, suffering I'dnrades saw him jump lo his feet, swing bis arms to them, and walk boldly ont on the plain. Had the condition of their nroats permitted a cheer of victory and thanksgiving wonld have shaken the ttonlders of Rorke's Drift. 1 n another moment T.hc entire garrison were swarming down the hill to plunge their fevered face* iuto the leaping, laughing waters that sported among the rocks. It afterwards became known that the three Zulu regiments defeated at Rorke's Drift were fully equipped for a long campaign, and were on their way to attack the settlements of Pietennaritzl Hrg end Durban when thev came across and followed up the track of the foraging party. The two days' fipht so thinned their ranks that the original design was abandoned, and the whole Natal terri tory was thus saved from destruction and the inhabitant!) from massacre. For their gallnot conduct in this affair the two officers were □revetted majors, and honours were awarded to their men. 