The Storyteller. A FATAL PLAN. "Written for "The Southern Cross,' by J.L.G. Tom Quinlan, or Black Torn, as he was called by all his familiars, was one of three sons whose parents rented a small farm within a stone's throw of Caltra, in Gal way's fair county. Tho usual fate of small farmers in Ire land befel their best efforts to make the land pay, until at last poor old Quinlan, like many of his unfortunate class, sank in to a comparatively early grave—half starved, worried, and heart broken. At the time our story opens the wretched little place was being worked for all it was worth by the widow and her three boys, and though, as Michael the eldest son often said, 'they slaved every hour that God Almighty gave them" they could barely make ends meet. It was one long drawn out battle to 'scrape' together enough money to meet the inexorable agent. The rent day to them was indeed ' a day of reckoning' in every sense of the word. But with that wonderful gift of perse verance and hopeful resignation so peculiar to the Irish race in face of the most crush ing disasters—they struggled on year after year—determined to 'stand by' the old home to the last gasp. p^As to their method of living it is almost needless to say that the daily menu was neither varied or luxurious. They were never even called upon to wrestle with that knotty boarding-house problem—* chops, steaks, or sausages.' The very words would have been to them simply Chaldean. The time-worn belief that the very poorest Irish farmer always had his ' corn beef and cabbage' and his sides of home cured bacon was certainly disproved in the home of the Quinlans. The staple dish in that humble cabin was a big pot of very indifferent 'praties,' which 011 high festival days had the additional flavor of that toothsome luxury—a red herring or two. . But if this poor Irish family, in common mth many others, lacked jail tie luxuries of the ^respective seasons, and even the ordi nary necessaries of everyday existence, were they not blessed (it would be truer to say cursed) with the very healthiest of appe tites, for which we may assume they were duly thankful* besides all these good things were they not at intervals of six months further favored by an all beneficent govern ment with a Bupply of Indian meal and seed potatoes. "What could be more charming than such an arrangement ? Here could be plainly seen the fatherly, fostering care of the landlords' influence furnishing his poor starving tenants with a quantity of seed, aye, even unto the fifth shillings worth, thus enabling them to raise a crop for market whereby they might be pre pared with his rent. Yea, even tin to the last penny; and what were they asked in retnrn for all this—merely to work from daylight to dark, with the further privilege of living on the 'spuds' which were too rotten to send to market. Was there ever such baldheaded philanthropy as this P And yet there are many carping nationalistic critics who would disparage the Irish land lords and hold then! up to the execration of civilized humanity, but we can tell them right here that such open handed acts of • charity' such as related above are common enough among the much maligned land lord class in Ireland. However, let that pass—wo have not the • * gall' within us to advertise their many virtues. We must to our story. With all this 'bloated affluence' there was a skeleton in the Quintans' empty cup board (this is advisedly made), and Black Tom was that skeleton. He was the ' very divil himself' was Tom, and to make it worse he was so deucedly good looking and such a really fine fellow in every way that none but the most bilious could object to him under any circumstances. He was the very life and soul of everything in the place, and to put it briefly no gathering was worth a ' brace of shakes' if Tom was not at it. We have heard this recorded of many well-known Irish characters from Shamus O'Brien and Conn the Shaughran down wards —with that time-lionored remark that no ' patthern or fair' could have possibly taken place in their absence. To such an extent has this popular fiction been carried that many people not knowing the country would picture the average Irishman with a big blackthorn under one arm, a pipe in his ' caubeen,' bis ' fist in his hand/ and as full of fight and fun as an egg is of meat Tom Quinlan was not up to this stan dard. He was only a big, softhearted, ready-witted man; could sing a good song, dance witli some of the best, and though a standing menace to the female peace of mind, was as ' nate and liaudy' a friend in a scrimmage as you might meet in a day's walk. His brothers, Michael and Luke, were quiet, unobtrusive men, knowing little be yond the hard life they were born to, and car'ng nothing for matters outside the daily routine of the tussle for life. The natural joyousness of youth was not a part of the legacy bequeathed them by their poor broken father, and with little or no sunshine in their their dreary lives they had become silent, and reserved men. Human draught horses in fact. Black browed care for their constant bedfellow, and not a solitary hope in the early or dis tant future. Tom, the youngest, the big gestand strongest of the three, was not of the same mould. Though he recognised the necessity of working hard to keep the miserable shelter over them—he could not see any advantage in sitting by the hob side after the long day's toil, groaning and cursing their hard lot. Being of a light and cheerful nature he sought the com pany of kindred spirits, and was seldom seen at home until late at night. He al ways had something on hand. An invita tion or two, an appointment perhaps to keep—and not a man in the land more faithful than he to his word in such affairs. Tom was the soul of honor in everything— excepting perhaps his views on the rent question, which were reduced to a periodi cal request made to his mother to 'lave the agint to him/ which in a vaguo sort of a way meant that the «settling' would take place in a manner of his own—not by law established. Many and many a time did the affec tionate fellow shed hitter tears when he saw his poor old mother struggling up the bleak liillside—the biting blasts of the broad Atlantic cutting her to the hone, and the blinding snow and sleet saturating, her. wretched rags, At such a time we fear there was little of any sort of religion in Ins heart. The black thoughts that arose m j , ^i11^, terrified himself and often made him assume ;a false gaiety to drive the devil out of his soul. Whenever he brooded over bis family's sufferings and wrongs, and the hot blood of passion was boiling in his brain, he would cry out .aloud in Ms agony,' May God and His Holy Mother save me from ineself/ faTe? iavariably answered his prayer—for it was seldom indeed that thb poor boy was seen in a bad iriood Let us take a peep inside the home of the Quinlans on a certain cold November morning. The little' scene there going on .will give us a ready insight into the posi tlon of affairs. The day was just breaking when Michael and Luke arose to commence theirusual monotonous labors. . 'iGiye Tpm a shake up/ said Michael,»or he'll sleep till the crows come home/ * Airah, let him lay,' replied Lute,' divil the bit of him; came home last night till nearly daybreak this morning.' thunder wps he/ ' always «lately/ aaidLuke, ysnth them tearing divils down at Hemp seys. When I caine by the bridge last night they were yelling and howling like a pack of wolveB. Batthering the tables and clapping their hands, and Tom there the londest of them all, singing his Colleen dhas Crotha na Mho—bad manners to him. I don't know what's come over him since he got in with them Mulrys. Divil a ha'porth a good has he done since.' * It's no use blaming thim or the Derop seys either/ answered Michael. ' For lis ten to me Luke—he's got the bad blood in him—and mark my words he'll come to no good.' * God in heaven look down on him,' broke in the poor old mother. ' Don't sphake like that, Michael alanna, of the poor bocaun.' ' Shure he is that same thrue enough,' said Michael, ' but it will be no excuse to make to that rip of hell when he comes for the rint.' ' Tis me that knows that same, Michael dear—but what can we do. I've Bpoken to the poor bhoy, agin and agin. I've begged of him for his poor dead father's sake to give up the Company—but no! he's be witched and they've desthroyed him body and soul. A bouchal dhas! ' Well, mhair mavourneen,' said Luke, ' something must be done for liim, we can't be always talking. Poor Father Kelly is tired of advising him, but divil the bit of good comes of it.' ' There he lays,' says Michael,' as dead as a log. Not a thought for to- morrow, and well he knows we are back in the crop and no airighad in the house to meet that divil on rint day. But look here mother, I've had a plan in my head these two days— and by the virtue of my oath I'll carry it out this very night, it will do more good than all the preaching and praying for a month of Sundays.' ' But he's going to Castleblakeney to night,' said Luke,' for I heard him talking about it yesterday to that big manus, Owen Lynch. There's a christening or some tiring on up at Margaret Mulry's, and of course Tom Iras had to promise.' ' I know it,' exclaimed the elder brother, ' and it's that same that'll suit my plan to a T. Now listen! Ye see, when he's coming back, I'll meet him by Mount Bellew Bridge. It's very lonely there about mid night, and he's sure to be by himself, for he has the furthest to come and the others will break off at the cross-roads. It's then I'll have him to meself—and with the help of the saints and a big white sheet, I'll frighten the fear of God into him. He won't take advice from the living—then, by my sowl, he shall have it from the dead— and that'll send him home before the bad hour in future, you mark me.' I ' Michael, asthore! do be aisy with him still. Lave him alone a little longer, and he'll come to himself agin, alanna voght. Don't be playing this night thrick upon the bhoy. Don't for the love of God be doing it this blessed night, for something tells me that no good will come of it. Don't do it acushla, for he is but a wild gossoon, and maybe would be in his bad moments when ye meet.' ' Whist, mhair machrec. It'll be a kindly ghost he'll see—with the blessed advice for his own good. Shure ye have nothing to fear, for afther all Tom is very fond of the " good " people, and ye can dipind upon it he will come home to ye safe and sound.' In the early hour's of the next morning, Luke and his mother were sitting up by the little turf fire patiently awaiting the return of the two brothers. At length a heavy uncertain footfall was heard, and the door opened to admit Black Tom. He was half drunk, and in a bad humor, and drawing an old stool into a corner away from the fire, and resting his head on his hands, uttered not a word. The poor old mother with an ill-disguised anxiety asked him how he had spent his evening, and whether he met aiiyone on the road home. He raised his head with a slight start, and murmured something about ' an omadhawh gallavan ting down by the bridge.' • But Tom, dear,' said the now excited woman, 'did ye not meet with anybody that splxoke to ye V' ' Faith I did,' replied the wretched man, ' and maybe he won't be so ready to sphake to dacent people agin with his head covered—for I gave him a welt on the skull that'll stlicf) his ghost playing for a day or two.' The unfortunate woman gave one shrill scream and rushed from the house, making for the bridge with the speed of despair. Luke could barely keep up with her. God help her 1 what a sight was there to meet her frightened eyes. Stretched out where he fell was the lifeless body of her first born. The beautiful moon shining down on his dead face, and the crimson stream of his life's blood staining the snow. Wrap ped in his winding sheet at though, poor fellow, he had prepared himself for the tomb. We must draw a veil around the harrow ing scenes that followed. All that remains to be told is best said briefly, i; The broken hearted mother apd her murdered boy were laid side by side in the quiet little church yard on the Sunday following. All their sorrows ended. Luke, poor fellow, was assisted over to America by the good old priest—leaving for ever the old home where nothing now remained to him but bitter memories. And what.of BlackTom; withfchebramd of Caimpmhis biow hq went from the farm the Bay—where he shipped on an American sloop for seivice with thB North, doubtl&s; feeling that the scene of the fierce and bloody struggle then raging in the States was the mbstlikely place to meet with an - early and unknown grave. 