A SINGULAR SUPER TITION. “They are prettier than any of the flowers my papa, has in his conservatory, averred little Dorothy Leader, gravely as the stood critically regarding the clumps of hiaos on the, trim old garden. / Margaret D&VkUon; blushed with \- pleasure/- ' ' f> '• " - c> “ Ob, no, dear V she protested. ’'Surely t* )UOt‘i M '.I , . . - “ thoy are 1” returned Dorothy, df_ conviction;." has ' oa^tfapfi—groat,, ? horrid, crawly things, with stings 'on them---ahd wax'plants, and little flyaway flowersopin the air that ho calls orchards, but X like thoau best.’* ! "■ ■; i ‘ ■“ Really beautiful Were thoheavy, sway ing pi umoß of palest purple and of whit el, set among glossy leaves, and flinging forth , delictous frhgrance with royal piodigality. / Margaret Davidson, who lived in Lilac with her'brother and bii wife, was fond and proud of every bud'and blossom' in the garden, but especially sensitive, to the beauty of the flower from which their home took its name. ' Lilac Lodge was the quaintest of the msiny quaint old houses which blustered outskirts, of the dibwsy old 1 town of Best Haven. Ordinary tourists never came near the place,. but; people who ad mired poetically-' romantic scenery, and rejoiced in seclusion and the. view of architectural antiquities, found it out and came to'spend their summer leisure in the heart of its reposeful beauty, v' This spring, for the first time in. many years, the finest bouse Bestbaven boosted | was once more ; tenanted. It was a palatial residence of greystone, which, from the wooden eminence on which it] was built, looked down on the picturesque ( town below/ as might have looked a' feudal castle on the hamlet of its re tainers. That the present owner was .a man of 1 great wealth,.and that His wife was an invalid,' Were well-known foots. Apart from this| - but little had breir learned regarding : the newcomers. HoWever, Dorothy, one of the children of the great house, passing Lilac Lodge daily with her governess, had begged to be allowed a 1 closer-view of theflowers, r and after 1 her first visit made many with, great regularity to the lovely Indy.” She and ( Margdret became fast friends, although' Margaret'was twenty-three and she waS barely seven, i>r ‘“Why don’t you come up toour house?” asked Dorothy, as she was leaving.- ‘-‘'lt is so-lonely up there.” Margaret recalled the fact that her sister-in- law 'had L called, and had dos oribed Mrs Lester as “ a quiet,' bdy-liko body, sven to imagining many ailments, in the relation of Which she delighted.” 1 So she only smiled and said : “ day.” - . “ Papa is away almost all the time on business,” supplemented Dorothy, “ and Roy is abroad at school.” “ Who is Roy I” “My big brother. He likes to read books and play tennis. Good by 1” 'And with; a friendly nod she ran to join her attendant, r ; At luncheon Margaret laughed a trifle, repeating the remarks of her small visitor. ' , ‘'“ Poor wee girl! I dare say she does find deprivation in that abode 6f splendor. I-wish she were old enough u to ask to--my party Thursday night.” Oh Thursday*, night Margaret, put on her of "dainty'’baby : blue-twisted her. light browii hair into a shining coronet, fastened the misty lace at her bosom with 1 a pin of pearls set hi beaten silver, and tucked a cluster of snowdrops into the folds of her silken sash. * ■ • Then, gay, riante, airy of tread and happy of heart, she went down to receive her guests. These were-, chiefly young' people/ and the evening passed delightfully wit h music,' dancing'and not a- few -flirtations. The long windows, opening from the pretty, parlors on the wide'porch, were ajar,--- Floated in . from “ the garden asleep in the dew, ” h thousand sweet mingled scents; People in Besthaven kept early- hours. It was hot quite • eleven' o’clodk when some of the raerfy. raakors-' rose to leave. “ Don’t hurry !” Margaret’s brother said hospitably; ''“ You know •' - “ 1 Tlio best, of nil,.ways to lengthen onr days, Is to steal a few hours from the bight my dear.* ”■ . *? J r y V ; . f< ' ; . Oh,” cried Lucy Curtis, as if struck by a suddenfch'ought,.“isn’t this the fifth of. May ,1” '■ “ Yes,” replied/ two ,or three , voioes,. “Why.r’ ; ‘ , “ Why 1, Is It'.possible that none of jou. have Hoard ,the which links the old Ohivertou .Church and'the fifth ,of May with all that Jet weird and improbable, not to say romantic ?” A few remembered to have heard there whs some superstition connected with the place rofpired to, but no one could .state exactly what itwas ;at least no one save .Miss Curtis,, who had ev*-ry tale and legend of the country thereabouts at’her finger,tips. ,They > :say that ; when Chiverton Church-—now falling into decay, as you afl know-H-was being-.built, the man .who had . charge .of -the': , interior decorations was possessed Of one beautiful daughter. She fell in love with,,oneof his, workmen, i When her father comprehended the .true condition of , affairs, be was inwardly furious/. outwardly calm. . While ap parently' Consenting with the best grape to the;nuptials, and'allowing all prepara tions to go forward, he at the same time plotted a monstrous .revenge.', * “The wedding was -to -take place in the new church. * The - chief , decorator 'workcd'.hard fco coroplete the embellish ment of the'final details,: which only he was-competent to perfect . He declared that in order to allow the colors on .certain pillars and in ' certain niches, to to dry slowly, that they might' prove resistful to the .ravages, of time, the edifice must remain closed for ono week .at least,, after his work was finished. “Ten days before*the day set for the marriage ceremony he .beholdthe accom plishment of his (ask, The window's were boarded ovor on the out side .- to tem porally exclude, tho light/ When (he great door clanged -to, the urtistlooked jt and went home, his-labor ended. “Preparations fo? the wedding went steadily onward. Blit, strange to relate,, -.the bridegroom eleofc had disappeared.i \- This wflS Pxploin'id ’by the assertion -that he had gone tbthe city to-'procure apparel , befitting .the.ceremony. “Oh the eye; of;-the wedding day a number ofyoqths ind maidens,went; as T; believe was the custom jn .fatrofif! ; days, td,hang.,green wreaths oyer .the doorway, under which wi'catbed arch the. the bride was to'enter. ’ ' r “ -4 s , they were about to return, one of the group remarked: ,f - “ fit is midnight. Wbo.is there dares to knock thrice op i |he door of the . church f. /' ’; • ■;/ ’' ’; ■■ : : “‘I dare,’ replied thobrido-elect laugh . »ng. : i “Taking ariding-whip from oueof the men, she rapped sharply with the handle i „ 01 ? great barren. door. -A faint cry i camo back to her, Again, and louder it / was repeated ; i : i ? “ Help! help •!” ; “Tt is Andreas !” she cried. ‘“Then bidding the others await, her roiturn, she spraog on the back.', of one of the.horses standing by, and dashed down , to the yiilag& : “ She. found her father asleep,She did. not awaken, him.., She .secured.the key ofthechuroh from the chest where ho 'kept .it, r and sHo sped back ward. ; ;i .' ! w When, the church door was unlocked ■and .flung wide open, there, crawled out ir(to the moonlight the emaciated form of her starved and almost dying lover.; “ When he ■ revived sufficiently, he ■ Explained how, ofter . helping-hisr muster to board up the window*, the latb r had sent him. hack into the building to secure somn tools claimed to have been forgotten, and while he was gone on this errand the father of his sweetheart had locked him. into the building and had deliberately: left him th?ca to die. The wicked father was imprisoned for hiscrirae, and the young, couple some months later were, married, and lived happy, over after. That is one of. the many legends which throng around Ohiverton Church. ;Ifc is now unused, nod only shown to visitors by the old caretaker, who lives near by j but they do say that, if any girl will, at midnight on the fifth of.M.»y, approach alone.the great door and knock thrice, she shall 'hoar from: within’ the voice of .on© imprisoned; and; on : opening, the portals, if she possess thjit much, courage, shall 1 behold the face of her future husband.” Uprose ,n soft little hurricaue of raillery and comment as the narrative was concluded. Some one suggested that; they all go out.to the old ruin and try. tho charm. ‘ By. walking rapidly they would just have lime to roach there before •midnight. • . , Instantly was the , suggestion accepted, •and the party, set out. ; The night was dry, clear and flooded with mejlow-moonlight. Pleasantly on the crisp air sounded the jests and laughter of the young folks. • “I shall go,” declared Margaret, when, the gaunt old building loomed up before them. I most approach nlone.raustl not? Stay here at the gat© till I run up and invoke the voice ond apparition of my future lord and master !■’ And with a daring . laugh that rang sweetly, she gathered up her pale, trailing draperies in .her . hand .and fled op the invenue swift as a spirit,in the moon light. In another momeot the shadows of the hngh trees flanking; each . side of the walk swallowed 1 her. Wiib pulses beating high, although wholly undaunted, she lifted the stone she hold, ond knocked on the carven door— once, twice thrice. She sprang back, the atone falling from her band.. For she could hove sworn tbat.from the interior of tho church a a voice had answered her challenge, She felt faint and cold with dismay when again she heard the voice—this time louder and stronger, ns if the speaker was coming. nearer. ., She turned to fly from the gruesome spot as fast as her trembling limbs would bear he**, when for a.third time the voice I ime with an unmistakable human-robustness ■ i;,: “ Who’s there ? Gel the key, will you ? Let us out!” And this was echoed by tho shrill, trembling touts of a child,: “Let us out.!” - Margaret summoned all her courage. " I’ll got t he key !” she called back. Themshe rushed off- down the avenue.- A chorus of merry voices greeted her : “ Did you hear a voice “ Do you want the keyT . “ Arc yon going back to confront yonr future husband?” “Ob,” cried Margaret, excitedly, “I did hear a voice, and I’ve come, back for the key ! But I don’t know whom or what ,we may confront.” At first they were convinced she was joking, but the sight of her colorless and; startled face persuaded them of the conn 'trary; 1 ... She reiterated her assertion, and one of the boys ran to tho house of tho care* taker and demanded the, key of the church 1 , . After some delay it was forthcoming, and they all proceeded to inspect tho ap parition.. When the^key was turned and the door i thrown back, very;healthy was the ghost ;that materialized. Out into the moon light walked-a (all, broad-shouldered, handsome young man, who held by the ; band a.little fair-haired child. The latter dartcd ; forward with a cry of gladness and seized- Margaret by the hand. - “ Ob, it’s ray lovely lady 1” she ex claimed,. delightedly. “How did yon learn we were here, and come to let us out ?” “ I think tny explanation is first in order,” said Roy Lester, laughing. I arrived home from Germany last night, and to day my little sister here brought me out to see this wonderful old church. The caretaker is either grossly careless or imbecile, for after receiving his tipj he looted the door and went off, evidently forgetting that we w« re within.” ' ' ' Then other explanations ’and introduc tions followed, and they all wont back to Rest haven, Dorothy holding tightly to the hand of Margaret. • Tho following day Roy Lester came to Lilac Lodge to enquire if Miss Davidson hncl recpvorcd from ' the fright of her adventure. Those at home,' he said, had not been anxious, as they knew Dorothy was with him, and fancied he had per* haps taken her to visit a cousin in a neighboring town, and they had decided to remain over night. There are those who declare that tHo prophesy connected t with the Ghiverlon Church and the’fifft of May is to be verified. At all events, Roy Lester is a frequent visitor at Lilac Lodge, and Margaret is lovelier than over with the beauty born of happiness. The dinner was in progress—it was a dinner given in the honor of soma very' important new acquaintances. Just, before the guests arrived the master of' the house had been intensely rude and; annoying to his wife, .arid she had not? j forgotten - it. There was : a raomenVsj i pause in (he buzz of conversation round; the beautiful table, gloaming with lights, , blushing with, roses. Then the wife, ■ leahe'dfor ward,' and-'in ’ a- ’ voice soifb, but, loud ehough to attradfc the attention of i , the whole company," aoifd sweetly, “ By. 1 the way James wbht; was that story you. told mo to ,leiid up to in-the middle of dinner ?” - ' ‘ . : 