AWIFFS CONFESSION. CHAPTER yiT It will doubtless have been surmised that, despite all appearance, the receipt of a telegram from. Marion at Moscow, and Guy Derwenf s projected journey thither, was not quite so much a matter of nTm-no, or fate, or coincidence, as it ndghtBeem tip ao. actor so completely in the front M the scenes as Uuy. NeverthelesB, there are such combina tions of circumstances — which may just as well be called coincidences for want of a better name. And they I have puzzled wiser heads than Cynthia's, and always will, until we find out how few all possible combinations of events really are, and how constantly they must fall to gether ; how extraordinary it is that what we so stupidly term extraordinary coincidences are not even more com mon than they are. And it did take Cynthia somewhat aback, versed in [ adventures though she was, to find that the stranger whom she had taken in bore the same Burname as her cap tain ; while she knew enough to be ! aware that the surname, however spelled, was no common one. And then there was the fact that this Marion Fumess had been on her way to the Green Cheese, which, if an isolated chance, would produce a threefold coincidence, such, as the world has never yet seen. The girl was not given to thinking. She did not tihink — she flashed j and [ was thus saved from Btopidity. But, [ despite the sense of honor (as found j among thieves) which forbade her to ask questions, she was as curious as a magpie ; and, for once, the satisfac tion of that master-passion rendered thinking an unavoidable necessity. No inward flash could account for the secret flight of a young lady named Marion FurnesB from an unknown home to the Green Cheese, unless there were some direct connection between her and Adam Fu mess himself— and what could that be ? She was not the man's mistress ; that could be sworn. A girl like Cynthia need give but one i infallible glance to know everything about any other girl on that score. I An honest elopement — honest, at I least, on the girl's side, whatever it | might be on the man's. But then she would surely have made some effort to communicate with an expecting lover all this -while ; she would never have lain so long staring at the ceiling in that passive way; . A daughter flying from Mer -:father ? — and Adam Furne3s might have a dozen daughters for aught Cynthia knew. Noj in that ease Mi. Jellitt's tavern' was the | very laBt place she would have been making for. Then there was her anxiety to earn her own . living under another name. That, too, was incon sistent with the notion that she had any explicable object in making for a place where her name would be so exceedingly well known. Here were -things to get at the bottom of, witE a vengeance. Cynthia felt the divine fire wnlctt is dignified with the title of ' philosophy when it displays itself in the sons of Adam, and contemned as curiosity when it moves in the daughters of Eve. Yet, magpie as she was, she was not all magpie. Only a prodigious capacity for helping the helpless could have made her devote herself to such an. Ill conditioned monstrosity as Stephen Bay, who had as much right to expect a woman to care for Viinn as a cinder has any natural hope of being taken from a dustheap and worn on a white neck in a setting of gold. Some women are made that way, and these by no means always the best in other ways. Such do -not crave to lean— they long to be leaned upon ; they — happily for some of ub — prefer weak men to strong ; they are born mothers, and, like all real mothers, like to have the creatures they care for so made as to be incapable of escaping from under their wings. It may be that Cynthia would have taken less keen delight in rebellion against the forces of the world if she -were less consumed with instinctive sympathy for the world's weak ones, from its geniuses to its broken dolls. The worst of her genius was that he was never ill; Marion was her first experience in the delight of having somebody as utterly de pendent upon her as a baby— - of having to give up sleep, rest, comfort, and all sorts of such hum drum things. But one can't indulge in pleasure of that sort without getting to care for the patient when grown well; and though Marion, helpless with fever and fighting with death, had been infinitely preferable, still there was comfort in finding- her so delightfully friendless, and apparently ignorant of the very alphabet of what Cynthia took for the world—the battle of the wits of the weak against the armed legions of tile strong. . . 'And to the bottom of this 111 get, if I die for it !' thought she. ** That girl io get her living with, her throat or on her toes I She couldn't; and if she could, she sh|^±|t;. Fd^as soon put her to my own tr_de^--and she*$ as It for thSx as j; lz aun tol be \& Quaker* It is queer how different girls are made, to be sure. Why shouldn't I like .to see her doingr what I do every day for funP . . . Stephen, you know everything. Tell me this minute what's the difference between rightand wrong.' ** The what?' asked Stephen, looking up from his copper-plate in the work room, which the ..two .now had to themselves. ' I wish to Beelzebub ybu^women could be made to think of other people than yqur own. muddle headed selves. '&m;&ema;^fiB|e spoil » plate with y$p£ J_»ttec_ir Hut ma-h yon care.' -«3lf Shd oame to i__— $& t- znomsnt ? s ndi \- ?-?.. .' -. ? ? -?&??.? ' . .'???. i :-:-. :? ' Oh no — it isn't as bad as that ; it - Isn't spoiled ; you couldn't spoil a plate if you tried. I am muddle-headed, and I do chatter! I won't do it again — only t do so want to know,;' 'Well? In for a penny, in for a pound. You're always wanting some thing. What is it now f 'What's the difference between right and wrong P1 'It's right not to worry an artist when he's at work, and when you do it it's wrong. If it ever happens again Fll — EH hire a room, and lock myself in ? ' 'And come out again in five minutes 1 I know. What is it — really, I mean P' ' If s wrong to be found out, and if s right not to be. Don't you know that?' ' Of course if s wrong to be found out, but I don't mean that this time.' 'Well, then. Whatever isn't is right ; and whatever is, is wrong.' ' No ; nor that either. It isn't any thing of that sort Why wouldn't I have that girl in the back drawing room know what we're up to — no, not tor a thousand pound ?' He laughed shrilly, until his usual fit of coughing stopped him. * Ask a fool to tell you that 1 Be cause she's a woman, and a woman's got a tongue, and the nearest beak's got ears — long ones, maybe, but ? ' 'You mean, because she'd split? Not she. For shame, Stephen. I fhi-nV you've known one woman that can hold her 'tongue ; and if there's one, there's two. Ask Adam Furness if he'd trust a secret to Peter himself sooner than he would to me.' ' Adam Furness be — hanged! Bight and wrong, indeed! Thafs wrong; that a man, like me, should be a slave to a — tyrant, like him. If this hadn't been the last job, there'd have been splitting done——' ' Stephen ! What do you mean f' u What I say. If I hadn't been blarneyed among you into doing what no other living man could have done, the world would have seen an artist's revenge I Cynthia, I abhor that maru It is the curse of a true artist to have nerves. Genius is suffering ; and he znakeB me feel as if I -were a saw and he -^ere a file.'. . =, 'You don't mean you would havei split, Stephen F' said the girl turning pale. ' I do, though. And ? ' * 'Stephen 1 If you ever say another word like that, I'll never speak to you again.' ' Then I shan't get my plates spoiled.' ' Nor your needles ground ? ' ' Nor my nerves shattered and mangled every minute of the day. Never speak to me, indeed ! As if you were the only girl in the -world. Why, there's another in this very house ? ' ' i beg your pardonj' Stephen. I didn't mean I'd never speak to you again. I meant something else— ^quite else. But never mind.'* 'What did you meau ?' 'That — I would kill you 1' She seemed to grow an inch taller as she spoke ; and her voice came hot from her souL ' And that would be no fun at all,' she said, becoming hereelf again, with a laugh and a sigh. ' Oh, Stephen ! whether we're right or wrong, lef s anyhow stick by one another. Don't lef s be mean. She wouldn't — that other girL' ' One -would think you'd got that other girl on the brain,' he sneered. ' Anyhow, Fve ^ot her on my hands. . . . But there. I didn't mean for us to quarrel. Only never let me hear you say again that — what you've been saying now. Say you didn't mean it — not a single word.' But the cur, to -whom nature, in her. craziest mood, had actually given the genius of -which he bragged^ and to whom Fate, in a crazier, had given a woman to care for him, only threw off her touch, and scowled. 'Any way, Fm not going to be bullied hy a woman,' he snarled. It was certainly not for want of power that Cynthia let bim have the last word. But she did let fr'n have it; and, while he returned to his plate, sat a little apart, thinking-, or rather indulging in such process as with her passed for think* ing. She had begun to fancy there Were things she did not understand ; and in that case Stephen might be among them. That he could seriously be meditating treachery sb.6 did .not believe ; but she had believed it for a moment, and she could not forget £0W the belief had seemed like the Sudden running of & knife into Hex. Buch-an idea as breach of faith had never before come home to her ; and why should it have come home to her just now, in company with so many new and vague ide-sf So, in spite of everything, she could notjbut feel as . if there. Were, some^ thihgjwignghi the. air,. There, was no: fun in 'thai; prospect of losing her patient; none in finding that her k8y did not fit all the world's doors ; none in feeling that something vague and hard had risen up between herself and Stephen. It was not anything that lie /had said^— she was used' to his humors and thought nothing of 1'-» iwt-rds. Nor could any mind but hers have £elt even the glimmer of a differ ence in things since Marion had begun to get weLL _tat neither words nor facts were wanted to tell Cynthia that Stephen was growing dissatisfied, and for more aepreV-reason&-i-tan had any thing to-do -with. Adaxo^oxnesB. If ahe could onlynnderstand! Yea; she felt she could kill him if 1»* *honM tarn traitor. jRot * phe sould not honestly feel that his treachery would be the reason why. And what if her passion of (pitiful ness for Marion lying helplesB should turn towards another sort of passion towards Marion grown well, beautiful, and strong? Marion needing her would be a very different person from Marion needing her no more. She had never hitherto thought about her own LookB } but she now began to be con scious, with a sort of pain, that Stephen was a genius and an artist, and that she was sallow, oddlook ing, without a good feature in her face, and most contemptibly small; while Marion- ? . She wanted Step hen all to herself, and Marion all to herself; and she felt, with the dull foretaste of jealousy, that Marion was growing out of her reach, and Stephen beginning to turn restive in her hands — and secretly restive ; which was the worst of alL It had been growing dusk, and Cyn thia, in her preoccupation, had failed to observe two things. One, that the light was failing in that carefully darkened chamber ; the other that, if Stephen was still absorbed on his plate, he must have developed cats' eyes. And she might have sat there, in unprecedented stillness for another whole minute equal to anybody else's whole hour— had not her marvellously sensitive nerves warned her, of them selves, that some change had taken place in the human atmosphere of the room. And presently she knew, as acat knows, by nervous instinct, that the presence of Stephen Bay had been transformed into that of Peter Peter sen. Reaction was inevitable. Having gone through a whole course of men tal tension, her next impulse was to play the ghost at the expense of Bed Beard the Solemn. She wanted to laugh at something ; and he -was the only thing to hand. So Bhe crept, if her swift and noiseless motion could be called creeping, behind the curtain that covered the door opposite the fur nace, and waited for events to give her a cue, Peter was so solemn and so stolid that to startle him would be a triumph, and perhaps put her into good humor again with things at large — Bhe flew to a joke as a man in like case would have gone to the nearest bottle. (TO Bfc CONTINUED.) 