2STEEDLES: 1 , "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Hue Own Fault. Ada—"You are a flat, Freddie—nothing more!" 3?bbdt>ie—" What else conld yon expect? You sit 00 me at every possible opportunity." The Dorunda wrecked. Hunt Clnb raoes to-day. This is Michaelmas Day. Chinese cowards beheaded. Who will be the new bishop ? To-morrow is St. Jerome's Day. Another disturbance oomiDg up. Another month begins on Monday. Jewisn year 6,655 begins on Monday* Kapoph will be here in about a week. Fine weather for outdoor engagements. Sbraaburg capitulated on September 28,1870. Football—Norwood v. Port, Adelaide Oval. Burglars soared by a foluoky bank accoun tant. To-morrow is the nineteenth Sunday after Trinity. Pheasant shooting begins in England on Monday. General Lord Roberts was born on Sepfcem 30, 1832. Russia watches the Chinese war very in* patiently. • This is the day sacred to St. Miohael and All Angels. Mr. G. C. Hawker almost always voted with the Government. Partial eclipse of the surfjffiis afternoon—get your Bmoked glasses ready. Eclipse commenoes shortly after half-past 3 o'clock and ends about 20 minutes past 5. Sir W. Windeyer, judge of the New South Wales Supreme Court, was born on September 29, 1834. . Sir. J. P. Abbott, Speaker of the New South Wales Assembly, was born on Septem ber 29,1&2. ' Sir Riohard Ow^d, the great naturalist, was born on September 28, 1864, and died on December 18,1892. Tides at the SemaphoreTo-day—High water, 4.30 a.m.; low water. 10.30 a.m.; high water, 4.30 p.m. To-morrow—High water, 4.45 a.m.; low water, 10.50 a,m.; high water, 4.45 p.m. ' Forecast for 24 hours ending 6 p.m. to-day— Continued' fine weather; dear or scattered clouds. Light winds from south-east to north east, tending north later. Barometers beginning to fall again. NOTEWORTHY SAYINGS. Contentment is natural wealth; luxury, artificial poverty. Natural abilities are Iikenatural plants, they need pruning by study. Little duties, early assumed, make greater ones-to follow easier of accomplishment. Where love has once obtained influence, any seasoning, I believe, will please. No man ever offended his own conscience but, first or last, it was avenged upon him for it. There is no future pang can deal that) justice on the self-condemned he deals on his own soul. ' There is a loyalty which is higher than any Government, any patty, any cause, or any friend oan olnirri; it is the loyalty we owe to our honest convictions of truth and right. Whenever these oonflict with lower claims, the latter must give way. , ,Emerson says:—"The nill of the pore runs down from theminW> other natures,vaa waber runs down from a higher into a lower vessel." If we ourselves are true and noble, simple' and sincere, we need not fear that- our efforts to elevate and purify others will ever prove a failure. Love, sympathy, help, knowledge, intel ligence—the best part of our inuer lives— what ah infinite harvest might be reaped out of them were they given and taken, combined and re-combined, with all freedom and har mony ! Yet how continually is this work hindered by our own unreoepoiveness. ,Talents are usually shown in preferences more or less Btrong, and Upon their wise and patient cultivation depends the realisation of our ideal. "To him that hath shall be given" is an inexorable law. The individual end to be accomplished will always vary; but the common end ' of success is fixed and universal. ? How majeebio grows fnturity as we ap proach it, how far off seems the earth aB we are about to leave it! Its troubles, its per plexities, its pains, appear but as cloud shadows of a day; they are lost in the con templation of the infinity beyond. GLEANINGS OF HUMOR. "They Bay that the Emperor William writes a very bad hand." Mrs, Partington— "Indeed! And I've so often heard of the divine write of kingB I" He—"Ob,'I have a splendid story to tell you. I don't think I ever told it to, you before." She—"Is it) really a good story!" He—"Indeed it is." She (wearily)—"ThBn you haven't told it to me before.'' A little girl's father had a round bald spot. Kissing him at bedtime noB long ago she said, "Stoop down, papa, dear. I want to kiss the place where the lining Bhows." Mrs. Earls—"Your daughter has been study ing painting, has she not?" Mrs. Barby— "Yes. You should see'some of the suneetB she paints. You never Baw anything like them." It does aggravate a man to think that wnile his wife isn't afraid to tackle him and nearly take his head off, she is madly terrorised by a cow that he can chase out of the garden at any time. A gentleman just returned to America from a tour in Europe was asked how he liked the rains, of Pompeii. "Not very well," was his reply, " they are so dreadfully out of repair." Miss Wagner—"Give me a nice big Bologna sausage, Mr. Cutlctts." Mr. Cut lets—"Shall I Bend it home for you?" Miss Wagner—>rOh, no; I'll just take it along in my music-roll." "There is one thing I dread," remarked JohnBon, "and that is a premature burial." "Don't worry about that, replied Brown; " the thin? ia impossible; there's no danger of your being buried too soon." He—"I am rather in favor of the English than the American mode of spelling." She— "Yes?' He—"Yes, indeed. Take 'parlour,' for instance. Having ' u' in makes all the dif ference in the world." "Thomas must be doing splendid on the stage/' remarked his mother; "he writes me that he appears every evening as & villager, a gipsy, and two kinds of soldiers—while Mr. Hamlet, the star, you know, performs only one part." ' He hovered around her and watched her eyes, And hung on each musical word— And she was aware of his stifled sighs, And the throbs of his heart she heard; An though nothing was said between these two, He knew she knew that he knew she knew. Mr.' Green (who has been listening to Mrs. Brown's account of a trip round the coast)— "And how did you like it, Mrs. Brown?" Mrs. Brown—"Well, I didn't see much of the scenery, but the cabin was very com fortable, and the stewardess a most sym pathetic woman." Landlord—"Good morning, sir; hope you enjoyed a good night's rest, sir?" Traveller— "Yes, thanks; pretty fair." Landlord— " Saw nothing^ of the ghost_ that is said to appear from time to time in the room you ocoupied?" "Ah, yes; I did, though." Land lord—" And how did you get rid of the in truder V' Traveller—" I offered him a glass of your wine, when he vanished with a gesture of supreme disgust." Two sailors undertook to compose poetry in friendly rivalry. Said the first improvisa tore:— " In the Bay of Bengal I lost my all." "In the Bay of Biscay I lost my Blockings," responded his companion. " My lines rhyme, ana yours don't, Bill," remarked the first poet. "Aye," replied the other, "but then my lines are true, andyoura ain't." One of the homeliest men in town has a beautiful little girl about five years old. The other day Bhe was Sitting on his knee with a hand-glass before her. She looked at her father a moment, then looked at herself, and turned to her mother. "Mamma," she en quired, "did God make me?" "Yea. daughter." "Did He make papa, too?" "Yes." Then she took another look in the glass at heraelf. "Well," she said thought fully, " He's doing a good deal better work lately. jea'd RqI* 