The near approach of the dutc for holding the Civio Elections naturally directs attention to the mallei1 of ol-- taiuing wiJ(Aljl6 candidates for the Vacancies which will be created by the retirement of Messrs. Price, Dean, and Ferrall. It may be that there Aldcr meu will offer themselves for rc-elcction, and, indeed, it is publicly euted that such is their itttetttloll. But Miere 16 a feeling in the dty ftiafc Ui'e Council Will be improved % the introduction of ncA' men, and, if a voting majority are of this opinion, it will be for them to give it practical effect. .To. this ho possible objection can be raised on any reasonable ground Seeing the position is one conferred bv nnnnlnr election. no retiring Alderman, whatever may have been hi6 length of scrvice, can claim to have a mortgage on bis \ , and though his o&rvioty; it witisiactory, may be ttleauea & sound reason for his re-election, it is in the hands of the citizens to choose any new aspirant they may prefer. But it niej' J-e laid down as a civic canon thai in'^xer'cls in» this right it ts the duty of. every j cSnisen to Rave riespect to the digiiitV And responsibility oif the ofticev phA to choose only such men rts V;!ll Ull it with credit to t1-*-mgcives and to the com munity ut large. The position is one which carries with it the highest honor it is the gift of the citizcns to bestow* The Aldermen are those t hey presfetit t*6 the world at l&rgc; iiS the men whom they delight to honor. They should, therefore, 1-e representative in the highest possible degree of all qualities which go to wortluly make up promi nent citizenship. T'bey Bhoult^ be itieh of sound intelligence^ 'df position, and pood l'Cjjilte, and such as may fittingly be characterised as priviu* inter pares. Further, it should be remembered thfet every candidate for whtiiii a vote is cast if p possible Mayor, a chief magis trate ot the city, and if he is not such a one as can worthily fill that onerous and honorable position his candidature should be discouraged. From this it will be seen that a matt ftay be & most estimable citiseb within the limits of hfc opportunities, and yet fail in the qualifications necessary to the position of Alderman. On the other band, it may - be said that, if the cahdidat^s fulfil the conditions as above, the citi£etis may safely trust them with the full management of civic affairs, iu the confident assurance that tbey will act for the benefit of the whole Iwdy* and not be influenced by th6 clainbr oi a clique or the pressure of & party. -To clcct Aldermen on such grounds is to ensure that the office shall dignify the public choice, and that the represents tive of the public choice 6hall, in his turn, dignify the office. To act otherwise, to make the election depend upon the candidate holding himself as the nominee of a. set section, clique* or party, is to belittle both the man abd the 'position,, and to enforce the steady decadence of public life until the best men stand aloot ahd the little great men of the city are its abiding reproach. These remarks are made because, for reasons not necessary to discuss, and about which a diversity i of opinion obtains, the disinclination of the best men to take their proper : position in the community has already set in. At the recent bye-election the seat at the Council Board went begging for an occupant. One eligible after another was solicited to stand and declined, aud the gentleman ultimately elected was brought forward as a demur ressort. A course likely to have the same effect is now being adopted in seeking for candidates on party lines, when there is positively only one party to be served — the citizens of Launceston. The result bo far has been the same hawking about, praying that someone, however poorly qualified, will be pleased to accept a party nomina tion. In this move, the greater the success the greater would be the failure, and therefore the more imperative the reason why the citizens as a whole should move to secure the representa tion of the citizens as a whole, irres pective of any other consideration, by selecting and pledging themselves to support gentlemen who have the qualifications first named. A score of such are available if they can only be induced to accept nomination, and here the strongest argument would be an engagement to see that the office shall make its holder an object of public respect, not of public contu mely. The names of scores of suc cessful business men might be men tioned, any of whom would, if selected, commend themselves to general respect. Some contend that thechoice shoulanot be confined to the ranks of successful | citizens, and ask — Why shut out those oi more moderate means? ihe answer is twofold. First, 6uch men, being heavy ratepayers, will naturally be careful in dealing with rating powers ; secondly, other Lhiugs being equal, that a man has been able to Jook after his own affairs is a fair guarantee that he may 1x5 trusted to look after yours with an equal degree of success. It is not to the credit, and it certainly is not to the profit, of a city when its best men stand aloof from the full responsibili ties of citizenship, and where, as iB now the case, the disposition appears it should be steadfastly combated. If the Council does not satisfy the citi zens let it the improved by levelling to a higher standard. If, however, it is proposed to improve it by levelling down, the result is already assured that | the last state of that Council will be worse than the first. I The special session having failed in its object, it now remains for the Govern ment to consider what steps will be taken to secure the passage of the Assessment Bill, or to place the prin ciple of the Unimproved Value Land Tax straight before Parliament That the Government and the majority of the Assembly will consent to drop a prin ciple that has been three times ap proved by the Assembly, and which is endorsed by an overwhelming majority of the electors, is not at all probable, and the only question is, What are the best steps to take to obtain the desired result ? In the debates in both Chtunbei-s during the special session objection was taken by the opponents of the Bid to its uoi being accompanied by a Taxing Bill, or including the in formation setting forth the detail* of the proposed taxation on ttie Unim proved value syBtem. Although -it is generally well known that this Argu ment was merely an exouse it iias loice to some extent, inasmuch as the Govern ment cannot anneal to the «0UHtry on ulC .assessment Bill. Ministers, Wiig determined to fight the {ffllielble of unimproved Vttfiife; have therefore a clear conrse open — to rc-introduce the Assessment Bill and to accrimnanv it with the Taxing Bill on that principle. By so doing the.WiWMI be&fetftWhUssue; ! before Parlitilifeht, aud both chambers will be called upcm to decide for or again 6t the reform of Unimproved Value Land Taxation. There is no doubt, that the measure will pasB the Assembly, and should it again be rejeoted by the Council then the Goventiieht flan jjijio the bropttr stetos ttt sijciitb the Mil of the popBlftt Chamber and -the Htesires of the people being carried itito affect. Meanwhile the principle of Unim proved Value Lahd.Taxatibh, frill have been disctissril aliU decilled in the Vilit'ijrian and New South Wales Par liaments, and perhaps those . sapient legislators in Tasmania who pre tend that thoy cannot understand the system of divlttiBg lain! (rhin (,lic ] improvements, thuftOU^iU Havt slime ti&u;&e; to be oshalhed of their ignorancc. Ministers Jjave not the slightest inten tion of abandoning the principle of Unimproved Land Value Taxation, and the country can rest a^Utfe'd .tiirlt UothlttS put. an . adverse {lecisiou Uifougu tile ballot liox.ftiil Secure the final rejefetion_q'f the fli'iU'fcljle; OOKCKBT..— The Phil' | harmonic Society's conccrt this evening \ promises to be of more than usual interest, j not that there is much in the way of novelty, , but rather for the fact of the long prepare- 1 tion the society has given to the two works i thev arc bringing ..forwtttd f-?f Ihe rccond ttaic. ...&?& oaulta sacrcd cantata. 'The Holy City' is well known to music lovcre here, and it has been performed before by this socicty as well as other combinations of vocalists. When performed ^before by the 1 Philharmonic Sottfetv, the performance suffered from the absence of an orchestra, which want has been Btlpplied.fbr thifc fcdn by & tSU&ale; hand Under toe leadership ot Mr G. Lorkin. The other work per formed for the sccond time the late Sir M. Costa'6 cantata, ' The Dream,' which contain^ pome very fine vork, and the orcbc3t&tion; shows the haul of a skilled musician. The other itein In the programme is a new setting of several tursery rhymes, by Mr Thornthwaite. Music lovers will en joy a feast of good things at this concert, as they may be certain of fine performances, the result of long and careful traintnp. „ AeAllEJtr tip MBEIcj.— The public are re ftlndcd of the complimentary benefit to be tendered to Mr G. E. Martin, )n the evening of Friday, the 9th inst., at t-ke Academy of Music. There will be a distribution of gifts during the evening, and eighteen perforjnert will appear. A*ilfef medal will be glVen the bebt performer at the City Cycling Club's b ports, and a eilver-mcunted whip to the winner of the princi|-al race at the T.T-C. Spring Meeting. Mr Han in has ever been ready to give his servicrs for laudable and charitable objects, and itig bopvd thefe will be an andientie Wftfitiy bF tue occasion ahd the programme on Friday. St. Akdbew's Chdbch.— This afternoon and evening a cake and fancr fair will be opened in the 6chool-room. A large com mittee of ladies has been formed, and the}* have been working for som: coimderable time in procuring fancy goods. During the evening selections of music will be rendered by Mrs A. H. Bowden. In the afternoon the admission is free, but in the evening a bilver coin will be eharged; TASMANIA* iKTEBKATi0KAL®XHl BITlbS. —?In connection with the Opening Of the Ex hibition, the general manager, of railway 6 botlth 6 return tickets at &inglc;£arc* will be istsubd to Hobart from all stations on all lines on 14th instant, available for return up to the 80th instant inclusive. Cheap farfcs will be issued from Launccston by mail train de layed in leaviog Launceston till 10 ujd. on Wedmsdav, 14th instant, and by 'special train leaving Launccston at 5*20 a.m. on Thursday, 16th. Cheap trip tickets available for return up to 19th instant. Accidents.— Mr J. B. Clarke, who wa6 thrown down on Saturday evening by a passing vehicle, is still in a precarious con dition, and his medical .attendant, l)r. Holmes, does not entertain any hope of liis recovery.— -On Saturday afternoon a 'painful accident occurred to Miss Hunttr, a resident of Margaret-street. That lady, in compauv with Miss Lyall, had returned from ia dri\e, and they had alighted. Miss Hunter was holding the horsj by the head in Mi L.\ all's yard, when the animal took fright and bolted. In doing so Miss Hunter was struck severely in the mouth, one tooth being knocked through the lip. The shafts of the vehicle were broken, but the horse was eventually captured and returned to the .owncrte srable. A Oobbection. — In our issue of Friday, October 19, appeared the report, telq^raphed from Hobart, of a deputation from the resi dents of Swansea and Campbell Town which waited upon the Treasurer the prcce-ling day with respect to the proposed alterations in the post and telegraph service. Thuri-iit certain remarks made by Mr Arthur Coitun are inadvertently attributed to Mr Car wichael Lyne. Mr Lyne desires the cor rection, and forwards the following as a correct report of his remarks : — ' Mr Car michacl Lyne aid not want the Government to subsidise the coach, but simply to (rive the district a tri-weekly mail from Campbell Town to Swansea. While the mail -s.rvice was maintained there was not the lightest doubt that the contractor would also carry passengers. He believed the mail contracts on the East Coast might be let for something like £200 or £300 a year Uss than the pre sent total. The amount of railway fans paid by the people of Glamorgan availing themselves of the present convenience was considerable. His household had paid £25 last year Bobbing Bakers' carts. — A number of bo. b, some of whom are mere children, although old in sin, have of late done quite a business by pilfering bread frotu carts while the persons in charge have been serving customers. - Shortly before uoon yesterday, while S. Cassidv, who eirivus one of Beaumont Brothers' ' bread-canp. was calling at Mrs Painc's residence, Bris bane-street. four loyE toofc advantage of hie absence 10 appropriate several loaves. Casbidy was acquainted with the tbefi on liib return, and, being determined to run the offenders to earth, left his charge in bafe custody and gave chabe to the culprits. After a long run through the Gardens and several streets he captured one boy red handed, with 6omcof the stolen bnud in his possession. Cassidy w&h; taking him along George-street to the Policc Station when an acquaintance interfered, and rcqjkbted his re- lease, offering at the same time to ! pay for the bread. Cassidy. however, was not to be bought over, but owing to being jostled by the boy's friend, he was forced to let him go. He then gave chase to the other portion of the youthful gang, coming up with them as they were travelling slowly down Elizabeth- street. On seeing ' Cassidy, the two lads dropped their bugs aud made off. One contained bnad, and the other a couple of pairs of boots. The names of the offenders arc known to Ca^i-ly, and proceedings will be taken againet them at once, the matter having been placed in the hands of the policc. No doubt the would be rescuer will also meet with bis deserts for effecting a rescue of tho culnrit first captured. j Export or Stud Sheep.— Tho Tas- i manian Longwoolod Sheep Breeders,' Associ- ' ation shipped to Melbourne by the s.s. ' Patecna yesterday 4o 6tud sheep, comprise ^ as I follow:— 24 Lincoln rauns, from the flockB ; of Mr Charles Best, of Westburv ; 4 Lincoln ; rams, from Mr T. 8. VJney, of Simtb ; 8 ; Lincoln rams, 'from Mr J. Hopkins, of! Bishopsbourne ; G Southdown ranib. from Mr ^ W. Pitt, of Bishoj«bourne ; 1 Leicester ram, 1 from Mr W . Pitt, of Bishopsbonme ; ! 6 Leicester rams, from Mr J. H. ! Bitchie, of T\ cross, Ncedhs. The sheep arc i consigned to Messrs. Fiskcn, Valentine and ; Co., for sale at their floek ram wlt»s to be | held at Newmarket on the 7th inst. J.B. Green, ironmonger. Charles-street,: opposite JJclIV »'ar(, hi ts special lines of] bheep bin are. sc.mIkk. twine, wxiipacto, barb wire, and other lines for agriculturists' Farmilo of this city — whose wife is- a foster daughter of Mrs David Stewart — wired ves tcrday to Dr« M'Clurc, of Auckland, with respect to the late of Mrs Stewart, who Tvas believed to have been in the : ill-fated steamer Walrar&pa.; The fallowing message 1 waft rcOelVed In reply, and, cOnfltms the unWelCOme -pfettouB impression that the lady was amongBt the ? lost ' Body elderly woman found, linen marked 'C. Stewart,' buried Barrier Island.' The Teupeba^oe BALtl-^TJii-e^ lexers wefe rebelled yrtteMlfr by, tile Kl&hit-.cts; (Mcfefcre. North and Dunning) for alter-, ntions and additions to 'the Temperance Hall in Vork-stTect. The lowest tender was that of Mr J. T. Farmilo for £680, and the highest that of Mr W. H. Piper, £676, tne former being accepted. When completed the building will be an ornament to the city. The Various societleB usually meeting in the hall ahd 1:0. ti; Chamber^ will, pend ing, the httmplelioh b'L the bulling, be accommodated lb the Baptist Church and schoolroom, York-street. Dabing Smugglebs. — One of the most daring cases of smuggling ever rccordod in France oewirrcd &icw; nlfhtfa ago at a placc called Wiltcms, Utt tlie Belgian bbrder. About half-past 7 o'clock the Custom House officers on duty at the spot bad their atten tion drawn by the clatter of hoofs and the noise of a cart coming along ]at full gallop from the Belgian side. Ai the cart ap* prsaebqd the, Custom . Houbc without ttny filackenlnf _ til , fpbed i---lng i Apparent, . the bfliherB atttimpUid to feUijj tlie liorfe dc it paBScd. One of them received in the facc a blow from a bottle wielded by someone in side the cart, and was sent reeling into a ditch. Another officer was also felled by a bottle flqng at hie hcadrf a third Was caught tb'ind.llie fifeCK by fi, felip-klidt, find but idf his great strength and a violent ^-rench would hate been, dragged off; while the fourth officer vra^ rshot at three timcB, but qMie..pi thCj ehots took e^ccti T fie wholq bcciirrencc only bcbiipied a leW cebdnde, the cart disappeared in the direction of Calais. It is assumed that the cart con tained a large qnantity of tobacco, the usual article of contraband on the border. Mb Gladstone's Sight.— We are glad to be atyle to Ptale (ea? 6 tHc, Afrdfcal ? Jwriial) thai the operation for cataract i Iierformed on Mr Gladstone's right eye last ' .lay Iiob given an excellent result. At the j time of our last annotation (issue of July \ 28), there was enough of residual opacity in ! the pupil to prevent accurate vision, and it was believed that a ncedic operation would j be required ( Subsequently, however, the' sight bleared |d mtiBli that for feomc wec)s past Mij Gladstone has , depended ^.clitlrely Upon this eye for reading ; so that when, on September 20, Mr Settleship found that the operated eye could read the finest print (No. 1 Jagcr), and see distant objects well, he de cided not to interfere. The cataract in the left eye, though still immature, has made progress since the right was operated upon,; and this eye is no longer useful' for reading, ordinary type. Mr Gladstoqe is in very good health and spirits, gets through ai&rge; ftni'dynt bf reftdlng and writing.. and takes walking and Carriage exercise daily: A Sultry Sobbiquet,— General Sir William 01phcrt6, V.C., who presided at the Lucknow Dinner on September 26, cnio^ the sultriest sobriquet,, probably, inrthc British Army, where a iiiftn wjthbitt a fond nameisvirtuall- a.man unknown; t'beGeuenjl (Sajsthe Pall Mill Qaxette) acquired his ' something' in this way, It was in the Lucknow business. A gun had threatened to burst if ji were served with another shell like the la£t. Another shell .wa«* neccesaryj HBwjcVer, but the Servers ijefitated. Where at, Ca])tain Olpbcvis sat himself a califour cbon uj-on that gun. 'Arrah, ye divils 1 Will ye tire now 1 ' he inquired. The ' «'i-ils ' did. The gun thought better of it. When its nder dismounted he \vas ' Hell tire Dick.' Devil Worshippebb. — 8a vs a recent i issue oi the Jewish ii eraUl-, — u In no respect docs history tend to repeat itself more than ! in the revival of ancicr\t religious beliefs and i xuloded , superstiiions: Who would think thai at the end oi the nineteenth century, and in that tin At fiecle of all capital fr — Pari6 — one would hear of the practice of devil worship ! Vet the strange rites of this cult have quite rectntly been attracting the attention of the French policc. Its votaries arc known as ' 6atanists' and ' Luciferians,' their motto is ?' Voluptas P*.ccati,' and their conventicle, which in appearance resembles a llomisb chapel, is in the llue llochechouart. For students of Jewish history this curious latter-day revival possesses an interest, inas i much as it is a form of worship against which the lsraelitics arc often warned in Scripture. In Persia, at the era of the Cap tivity, Jews were brought under the influ ence of the Iranian doctrine of a principle of evil acting Independently of, and in an tagonism to, a principle of good. The Magians paid divine honors to Ahrimatii whom they pictured as the god of darkmss and ∈, as well as to Ormucd, the god of i light and goodness. Against this doctrine i the unknown prophet of the Captivity pro tested in the well*known passage y I am the Lord, and there is none else. I form the light and create darkness ; 1 make peuce and create evil.1' When this utterance was embodied in the morning service of the prayer book the word ' evil ' was, for euphony's sake, altered into ' everything.' Still, the prophets Were powerless to prevent such ideas from irfluencing Jewish thought and practice. As was 6hovrn in a paper re cently read before 'The Maccabeans.*' the belief in evil spirits has played no incon siderable part in the development of Jewish rituaL The Talmud and Babbiuical writings ! generally bear testimony to the prevalence of such ideas. Still, the bcliif in a personal devil has never been authoritatively recog nised as a part of Judaism ; those that fan cied it were welcome io it, and those that would have nothing to do with it were con sidered quite as much within their rights. Within Jewish learned circles matters of this kind never {tassed beyoud the specula tive stage, and Judaism was all the better for it.' A New Projectile. — At a trial of' armour plates of English manufacture in St. Petersburg recently- some remarkable re- ' suits in ^penetration were attained with : shells improved by a special Uussian pro- 1 cess, the secret, of which is jealously I guarded. There were three plates— one j from. Messrs. Cammell, measuring Uft square | and 6 in in thickness, and two from Missrs. John Brown and Co., one being of the same dimensions as those of the Cammcll plate, and the other 8ft square, lOin thick, and bent. All the shells treated by the 1 secret Bussian process penetrated the tar gets entirely, and 6pcd some thousand yards j to the rear, while the otner shells under similar conditions, though obtaining greater ; peubtration than has ever yet been rcachcd i by any projectilt6 known in England, weref stopped and broken up. The s.crctly im proved shells |-asscil right Uirougb a : wooden screen crccted a short distance from the backing of the plates, so that there _ could be no doubL that they went through'^ the plates undamaged, although no qhch was allowed to see them afterwards. It would seem that two lessons arc to be learnt from this important trial, remarks a home journal. In the first placc the Holtzer shell made in Russia is better than . any known in England ; and, secondly, the secret Bussian improvement which it has I always been expictcd would fail when tested by oblique tiring, has undoubtedly proved itself to be a remarkable success, and has placed in the hands of the Bussian Government a projectile superior to any hitherto invented. The oblique tests in themselves will be immensely useful, as | very little experience hns, up to the pre j sint. been gathered by oblique tiring against armour. Punctuation. — In no matter relating to composition have more errors arisen than in that of punctuation. An amusing story is ?told in the Pt,U Mall Magazine of a re porter who was describing the dresses worn by the principal guests. TTe felt it inenm bent ti])on him to indicate that a certain lady, whom we will call Mrs Brown, and who generally dressed with remarkably good taste and cffcct, had not upon this occasion attained her usual level of excellence. He then fore frankly chronicled that ' Mrs Brown wore nothing in the nature of * dress that was remarkable.' But judge of his— and Mrs Brown's— horror upon reading next morning in one of the leading papers of the Slates : ' Mrs Brown wore nothing in the nature of a dress. That was remarkable.' Lord Salisbury must have been equally sur prised if he ever read the paragraph in a north of England paper which described the Queen *6 Jubilee Celebration at Westminster. ' After him,' proceeded the report, walked Lord Salisbury od his head, a white hat on liis forehead a ('ark cloud in his baud, the iucvitable walking-^!?'-]; in lita eyes a calm, meditative jook,'' The Rival Emperors, — Something about the monarchs who are now haying tc course to the last argument .-of . ldngs should be interesting just now, Kuang Hsu, Em peror of China, is quite a study in precocity. He came to the throne of the Celestial Em pire at the age of four, and was a married man be id re, his i8th birthday came round. On August 16he wad 28/ tint the Cares of State weigh heavily upan him, and in ap pearance and manner he is q^it^ double his age. ' It is no joke to rule ovJr some three hundred mQliontj. of people. Japan, on the other hnndvIij rtiliid by d mto in tlip prime of lift*. MMtfcii nltd, tlie pirocoi Hikadb, will be 42 in November. He is easily ' the most enlightened monarch Japan has ever had. Western civilisation - is his hobby, and as a result the land of flowcra and fans is being modernised and Westernised at headlong speed. Ere long this incursion of new-world notions will hare crowded out all the nicturcsquc traits and najiirai cii&tQmB; of Japan, and then there -frill be .hbthing for feir 'Edwin Arnold to write about* Alrcdd^ trill hate, tddthplcke, and ' Ta-ra-ra-boom-dc-ayc' danficfi Hirfc found their way to Tokio. Clothes of European cut are much in vogue, and slang and swearing show signs of finding a per manent plKfic ri*i the hitherto immaculate conversation oi the Mihadtfe p&ople.; Here is civilisation indeed. The Mikado per*' sonally is said to be courtly, courLeous, and (for a Jap) remarkable handsome. He is married, and has a fifteen-year old heir in PrinOe Yosbl Hitoj who was proclaimed Crown Prinbein J88& ubDLEtjs LONftbs; — theffe has been, a great -deal written and 6{-okeo Abdiit tlie godlessnces of the colonies, and the lack of parental control which is seen in the family life as compared with what exists in ISnglqptji. . But,, after all, wc arc by no mcanfi safe thiit ^e rtre Qu^c as bod as we are painted, or perhaps wc ftio'ftld eay that wc doubt whether in England they are ?uite as good as we arc sometimes told iicy arc^ fjpo^dng over, an old journal tlie other dify An «K£hange oun^. across a reference to a remarkable dig&idxge; which Cardinal Manning had just delivered, aiia in which among other things he gave a very ] gloomy picture of London, and the dis- ' integration of human socicty in these latter 1 drive' .4,lk')dtin,',te''id the ..Cardinal,. ' is .a desolation beyond ilist 01 tsriy city In the Christian world. .Four millions ox 1 human beingB, of whom two millions have never set their feet in any placc of Christian worship; and among these two; millions God only knows how few have bccu baptised, how few have been' born again of water and the Holy Ghost. London is a wildernesB. It is like Home of Old — a pool Into, tf-hibh _rtll t^ie .nations of the. world Streamed together, and all tlie fiinl of all the nations of the world were continually flow ing. Such is London at this day.' Farther, the Cardinal declared that the distinguishing note of English society was the disobedience of children to their parents. ' The rich cannot control their sons and daughters, the middle class cannot guide them, the poor cannot govern Ihcin.' But, after all, is the present age any worse than its predecessors ? Kay, rather, is it not on the whole better, iu sititc of the mO&rnful; note of pessimism which so often in ibeste da-s colors and sad dens the vicwB of 60 many of those who have passed the meridian of life ? Confidential Communications. — The Rev. 0. Y; Grimes; of Cripple Creek, Colo rado; recently had an experience which is worth recording. Having restored to -U owner a piece of jewellery which had been stoh n, he was summoned as a witness, and required to state from whom he had received the jewellery. This he riefclincd to do, o'r to answer any question bt firing upon the matter. He was thcrcu]-on arrested on tlie charge of receiving stolen goods. U])on being asked when he would lie ready for trial he expressed his readiness to proceed at one \ and four lawyers who were present volunteered to defend him. The prosecu tion, however, were not ready, the case was postponed, and finally wns dismissed on motion of the prosecuting attorney, who also apologised for his conduct, The principle upon which the defence stood waB that con* fidential communications to a priest arc privileged in the same sense with those of a ^ client to his counsel. j Dr. Babnabdo's Homes.— In his 28th ! annual report, a neat little volume of 112 : pages. Dr. Barnardo reviews the work of bis ! well-known Homes for the twelve months ; ending December 31 la?t. He has a splendid j story to tell, for bis institutions now cover j a verv wide ranee of effort. Manv of the I totals supplied are really amazing in their magnitude. For instance, jt appears that nearly 6000 children are now under the care of the homes ; that 23,711 waif children have been rescued, trained, abd placed out in life in the b- gone 28 years ; ' that 18,418 children were dialt with in the course of the single year 1893 ; that very nearly s ven boys and girls Wire on the average ad mitted every 24 hours ; and that 0&71 trained emigrants had been sent out to the colonics from the beginning of the Homes to December, 1893. Free lodgings have been giv«n to the most destitute by tens of thousand, and free meals by the hundred thousand ; while re ligious services, and temperance, social, and educational meetings held at the various mission centres have had over a million of registered attendances in twelve months. A detailed account is given of each of the 61 branches which arc now compris.d in the Homes, and a series of most interesting case-histories, and of letters from former inmates, attest at once the r^al necessity for the work and the great success which bus attended it. Iu a second i-art of the report the committee of the Homes uwelis on the financial aspcct of the work, anel suppliesan audited statement of accounts. Lost vcar the sum of £182,015 was received in no fewer than 82,709 separate gifts. Sixty-six per CLnt. of tlie donations w«.rc individually under £1 each, showing that the institu tions are really widely supijorted by the general public. Donations in aid of the Home6 are urgently neeeied, and are at all times wclcomc. We commend this little volume to our readers as a wonderful record of our organised Christian phihinthropy. A copy will be sent to anyone on application to the general secretary of the Homes, 18 to 26 Stepney Causeway, London, E. ? A Westbalian's Warning.— The fol lowing letter appears in The Times — St. Stephen'6 Club, S.W., S-jpt. 2G. Sir,— As an old Australian, will you allow me to warn the public against the vurious companies connected with the name of the above colony, and to be very careful what they in vest in? A friend of mine, writing to mc from there, says: — 'There are some 42 schemes being prejiared for the British public, and probably many more, aud you may depend all the bi si mines will be kept here.' 1 cau assure you. sir, that this sud den ruBh of companies on t he Loudon market will be oi no use to Australia and only lead to loEs'Jand disapjjointmtnt to investors, the only ones that will beuefit being the veu dors, company promoters, ami stockbrokers. For everything tliat is good there are plenty of fup-# available in Australia, and the banks £avc so much money that they have lowered the interest on de'posdt to 2 j)er cent, for six months and 3} per cent, for 12 : months, with a probable furtlur reduction at a very early date. I do sincerely hop.- ?that the people here will not force their money on the colonists, but let them quietly aud surely work out their own redemption, and prevent the likelihood of such another financial crisis as that of 1892. I am, Sir, ; your obedient servant, W. Howard Smith. The usual Friday afternoon sale of wool and skins at the mart of Messrs. W. T. (Bull and Co., Limited, will this week, in consc quence of the holiday, be held on Thursdav. The carcase pork will be sold on Saturday.' Annual meeting Deloraine Licensing Bench, December 1. Hose for garden and other purjioses, with Citings, is advertised by the India Rubber Compauv, Oxford Chambers, Brisbane street, in another column. 