HOW THE WORLD WAGS. The dowager Duchess of Manchester (mother of Lady Kintore), who was the second wife of the Duke, was 7 married a second time to Sir Stevenson Arthur Blackwood, who served as Deputy Assistant Commissary-General in the Crimean campaign, and is now Secretary to the General Post-Office, London. The ladies Ethel Sydney and Hilda Keith-Falconer are 20 and 19 years of age. Yet they were almost in short frocks when they were in Adelaide. * * * Lord Kintore never accepted his present billet in such quick time as he occupied in giving his assent to the Beer Excise Bill. In Canada, on State occasions, the Bishops take precedence of the members of the Cabinet and the Judges. The commander of the troops ranks next to the Governor-General and before the Lieutenant-Governors. From Modern Society :—u It is an interesting commentary on much that we have said on the subject that the Royal Colonial Institute, which is the real centre of colonial feeling in England, will have nothing to do with the Imperial Institute. It was hoped by the founders of the ' Folly' that the Colonial Institute would Coalesce with the Imperial Institute. The Colonial, however, decline to do anything of the kind, or even to recognise the c Folly.' " This is satis jfactory when we consider the South Australian contribution paid at the instance of that inflated personage, Sir Somers Vine, bosom friend of the Prince of Wales. It is pointed out that nearly every reigning European sovereign, except the Sultan of Turkey, is of German origin. It might be added that nearly every European of any particular standing drinks German-made beer. The Rev. Father Hurley is said to be one of the boss preachers of the Roman Catholics in South Australia. A yacht—the Saint Andreas—com manded and manned by monks, is one of the latest European sensations. It is described as being a most elegant affair, and the officers and crew all wear long robes and long hair. The Russian flag flies at the fore. Ladies, while the yacht was at Constantinople, tried very hard to get on board, but all their applications met with a polite refusal. The men, on the contrary, were allowed a free run of the boat. James Gordon Bennett, proprietor of the Hew York Herald, and the man who sent Stanley to find Livingstone, is noted for his eccentricities. He was cruising in his yacht in the Mediter ranean the other day and noticed that English sailors were all clean shaved. This decided him on a course of action, and calling his crew together he offered them £20 apiece if they would sacrifice their moustaches and beards. The American Jacks jumped at the chance, and it is to be presumed had a jolly carouse at Bennett's expense on the first liberty day. * The recovery of the Ringarooma somewhat emphasizes the recuperative properties claimed for the subsidized vessels of the Australian Squadron. That a ship could be aground on a coral reef for ten days and have so large a portion of her outer skin destroyed and then be patched up by the naval artificers and steam into port without assistance some 1,200 miles speaks volumes for the protec tion afforded by the double bottoms of this class of vessel. ❖ * * Railway Commissioner Smith's favo rite song—" There is a green Hill far away." Hi v By-the-way, Railway Commissioner Hill shows the devout into the pews in the gallery of the Pirie Street Wesleyan Church. He nearly had a fit when he saw Quiz coming up the stairway on a recent Sunday. ^ o v ^ 'C Smith is a Church of Englander, Hill is a Wesleyan, and Neill is a Baptist. The Ministry doesn't con tain a member of the Church of England. V v v Don't be surprised if you read one morning in the advertising columns of the Register something like the following :—" Tenders are hereby in vited for the position of sole Railway Commissioner of South Australia. Neither the lowest nor any tender will be necessarily accepted. Appli cants will state age, religious beliefs, and qualifications for card playing." Talking about railway commis sioners, Quiz is glad to see that the Age has come so well out of the Speight libel action. There may have been, as is suggested, some private feeling between Speight and Syme, and Syme is not exactly the most lovable man in the world, but the trial has vindicated fearless and honest comment by the press. An unbiassed jury will not squelch a newspaper that has endeavored to do its duty— to expose abuses. 5?C % * When the damage done to a man by a newspaper is assessed at one farthing, what is the value of the entire animal ? Mark the contrast. "The Lord Bishop of Winchester has kindly invited all the poor inmates of Farnham Workhouse to tea, coffee, and tobacco at Farnham Castle." * * * The voice of Henry Downer, M.P., was heard in Synod the other day. Henry used to greatly weary the late Bishop Short by his long speeches, and if ever a Bishop came near to swearing, Short did when the juvenile Henry was on his legs. Another lawyer, the late Mr. J. E. Moulden, who was death on ritualistic practices, was another thorn in the side of Bishop Short, and of Canon Green as well. But to return to our Henry it must be said that he cuts a better figure as a Synodsman than he does as a member of Parliament. If he would only con fine his oratory to vestry meetings, and not put brother J ohn out by his en couraging cheers, Quiz would feel inclined to forgive him a lot. * "Pencil," in the Kapunda Herald, recently pointed out that the city comps showed their ignorance of the Scriptures by setting up this line— " Tabitha cumi or the raising of Jarvis's daughter." But the Kapunda comp went wrong, too, for he struck a snag on " Talitha " which was given as "Tabitha." Anyone wanting Scriptural quotations revised should call on Quiz or Premier Kingston. * % % A story of two parsons. One is showing the other over his little dairy farm—" Those are strong little pigs," quoth the visitor, " if it were not Sunday I would peradventure ask the price." " And if it were not Sunday, brother," replied the other, "I would tell you that my price is fifteen shillings each." " I will have two to-morrow morning, brother," remarked the visitor. And it was so. R. Wood, M.P., is anxious to have capital punishment abolished, but if he cannot accomplish this object he wants the practice of giving stimulants to prisoners just before their execution to be discontinued. If such an idea were carried out it would only increase the horrors of a hanging. There is much to be said in favor of the aboli tion of capital punishment; but, on the other hand, when one considers the case of such a wretch as Deeming most people—indeed all but religious sentimentalists—will admit that society could not regard itself as safe while a man of his stamp was allowed to breathe. The law is lenient towards the murderer who acts on the instinct of the moment, but the man who plots for days and weeks is deserving of no consideration. Even if he be a lunatic he is while alive a menace to the com munity, and it is a question whether he should not be permanently removed from the earth. * * * The New Zealand Legislative Council has rejected a Bill giving greater facilities for the obtaining of divorces. The women wanted this measure, and have agitated for it, but the clergy resolved that the Bill shoqld not become law, and the women followed meekly after them. The only thing that Quiz fears in connection with the granting of the suffrage to women is the influence that will be exercised by the clergy. * The town of Leavenworth, in the United States, has a lady police com missioner in the person of Mrs. Eva M. Blaekman, who is also the pro prietor and editor of a newspaper, and is only 37 years of age. Guess she wouldn't be of much use in a crowd. Peter can always make his influence felt if he begins shoving, but a lady commissioner would be afraid of her skirt being torn off her back by some awkward brute of a man. * * * Three members of the Opposition are hungering for the position of. Treasurer of South Australia. They are Moule, Grainger, and Solomon. The wagering is rather in favor of Solomon, who marshalls his faets and figures very cleverly. Grainger flies off at a tangent too easily, and Moule would be best off in the Public Works Office. But it's weary work waiting, and the other fellows are waxing fat on Ministerial hay. * * * The Hon. J. H. Howe is privately one of the best natured of men, but in politics he is very vehement, particularly towards Premier Kingston, Howe and Kingston have never hit it, Charlie used to annoy J.H. by telling him to give " nottis," but the real cause of complaint is much graver, and a session or two ago the two men shouldered each other and looked so black that everyone thought blows would be struck right under the eye of Mr. Speaker. Jimmy and Charley have pretty robust tempers. Ebenezer Ward proposes a wealth tax because he has no wealth to tax. A tax on unpaid bills might hurt him. * * * Major Castine, M.P., is the surprise of the last five years of Parliament. He has given his brain pan a thorough good dusting, and he comes out quite often with really smart observations. But he discounts himself by long speeches, which smack of midnight preparation. if: * One of the very few occasions that Ebenezer Ward has been found voting with the Labor Party was in the division on the Beer Excise Bill. Ebby is not in favor of increasing the price of beer, which he regards as a necessity. * * * For years " J ack " Gardiner was a member of Parliament for the district of Carlton, Victoria. He used to be a footballer, and his supporters sent him into the House to enjoy ,£300 a year. But his barrackers have got tired of him, and when in a speech at the recent elections he referred to "our grand colon-nee" thirty-seven times? they told him to turn it up, and then they turned him up. What price Joe Maddern for the district of South Adelaide? Mr. Joseph Maddern, M.P., looks quite nice in print. * * * Ex-Chief Justice Lilley, of Queens land, speaking on the Coercion Bill said—" I suspect the present Govern ment of being thieves allied with men who have misappropriated the public funds of the colony." * * * Meredith, a member of the Maori land House of Representatives, con fesses that he spent a short time in the lunatic asylum before being elected. There's a chance for Charlie Beer yet. -5* Henry Dutton, of Anlaby^ and Premier Kingston are first cousins. Can this have been a reason why the Government declined to purchase the Anlaby Estate ? Charlie's relatives do not get much out of him in the way of Government pickings. , * * * The Register is very angry with the Hon. G. C. Hawker because that gentleman voted for the progressive land tax, and letters have appeared in its Golumns commending its leading article on the subject. The letters have the appearance of having been written up in the office. Of course they may be genuine enough, but after all what has Mr. Hawker done ? He has supported a tax which is aimed at large landholders like hiniself. He didn't like this tax eighteen months ago, and if the truth were told it would be found that he is not passionately attached to it now. Yet believing that extra taxa tion is necessary, and knowing also that the country has twice declared in favor of progressive taxation, Mr Hawker gave his support to the proposals of the Government. Such self abnegation is not usual in politics, and the Register doesn't like it. But the electors will to remember it to the Hon. Mr. Hawker's credit, and as that gentleman is hardly likely to offer his services to the electors of North Adelaide at the next general elections he cannot be accused of having an axe to grind. Dis interested politicians are so rate that Mr. Hawker's counterfeit presentment in marble ought to be placed outside Parliament House forthwith. JjC J{£ Jj' " The Empress and the Dowager Empress, being most solicitous of the health of the army stationed at Ping Yang, had desired forty chests of pills to be forwarded to the troops and dis tributed among them."—News item. The bland and impoverished Chow, With smoke-blackened face, sits at ease, In fancy recalling the row Produced by the squat Japanese, And a smile wreathes his lips and extends to his gills As he sees in the camp all the Empress's pills. The colic henceforth has no fears, All terror has gone from the cramp, While fever a comrade appears Who's welcome, quite welcome, in camp. And they laugh at the wet, and they grin at all chills As at canteen they call for the Empress's pills. How utterly regal the gift! (A job lot, you bet, purchased cheap) ! And the Chows, as their quarters they shift, Lift their eyes to the heavens and weep; For the Chinkies well know when the Japanese kills There isn't much use for the Empress's pills ! * * * An' sae there's anither mon thot didna ken it wis loaded, an' pointed a gun at a lassie an' blawed the tap clean off o' her heart. Well may the Buik sey, "The ways o' a fule are past finding oot." I'm thinkin' it's unco necessary thot a awfu' examplar sud be med o' the pairsons. I wad treat any mon wha killed anither by shootin' them because they didna ken the weapon wis loaded jist the same as gin they'd dune it wi' intent an' ill will an' hae them a' duly an' decently hangit, fer there can be nae doot they are too great fules tae be allowed to leeve, and muckle mair dangerous tae ither folk than iver that wonnerfu' beastie, the Tantanoola tiger is like tae be. Ay, an' I'd gae sae far as tae say thot it sud be a legal offence fer whilk ane sud be weel whupt tae point ony fireairm, loaded or unloaded, whativer at ony pairson. In thot case in Perth the paipers sey thot the moil hed been a constable an' sae wis used to fireairms, an' thot makes the matter muckle worse tae ma min'. It's unco queer, tae, thot it's maist- always thot the pairson thot is killed or hurt in the gun acciden's is nae the pairson thot fires it off, boot anither. Gin they'd ony injure themsel's we micht a' bear it wi'oot muckle trouble or grief ava.—Donald MacPherson. * * * One of those things no fellow can understand. How on earth was the jdSolus case taken by the Chief Justice, who is absolutely ignorant of maritime matters, whilst Mr. Justice Bundey has, at any rate, the qualifications possessed by a thorough-going yachts-! man and was not engaged. ^ The Chief's summing up was a masterly display of his want of knowledge, and his interjections con cerning the sort of captain he would like to sail with were, to say the least of them, characteristic. Perhaps the public generally are as ignorant on the subject of chronometers as the Chief J ustice, but the nautical assessors present should at any rate have let the Judge know that it is considered necessary to wind chrono meters regularly and at as near the same period of the day as possible. Irregular winding is apt to cause a variation of the rate that is very undesirable. The suspension of the captain for six months does not, under the particular circumstances of the case, strike the public as being an altogether just verdict. * * * The Chief J ustice should not indulge in loud yawns when his colleague, Mr. Justice Bundey, is addressing the bar. Surely the Chief did not learn this habit on his travels! * -fr The annual Art Exhibition and Competition in connection with Mr. James Ash ton's Art School is always an interesting function, and the eighth Exhibition, which was opened with due ceremony by the Mayor of Kensington and Norwood (Mr. Thomas White, J.P.) last Thursday proves no exception to the rule. Mr. Ashton throws his whole soul into the work of teaching, and the result is not only gratifying to himself but also to lovers of art, who see year by year great improvement made and the development of artistic ability to a very high degree. The number of paintings displayed last week was larger than has been shown at previous exhibitions, and much of the work will bear careful inspection. There are crudities of style, of course, and in some cases the pictures are spoilt by a stiffness of treatment which is inseparable from the efforts of begin ners. Still there is much to please the eye, and if Quiz had to select the paintings which he considered the most creditable he would name " For Culinary Purposes," by Miss Elma Smith, a very young lady who gives abundant promise ; the watercolors of flowers, by Miss Barker; the clever pen and ink drawings of Mrs. Jones, and an excellent copy in oils of John stone's " At the Ford." Mr. 0. Harrie Gooden, though not a competitor, gives proof that his brush has not been idle, and " Point Malcolm Light" has the . . . vs true artistic touch, and is an earnest?- * of what Mr. Gooden will be able to accomplish when he devotes more time to his art. He has every encourage ment to persevere. * * * Mr. Ashton is indefatigable, and since the Easel Club's Exhibition, only a few months ago, he has produced no less than four large oil pictures, all of which are of a high order of merit, while two, " Buffeting Wind and Surging Tide," and "The Marvel of the Golden Sky" will certainly enhance his reputation. In the former the sea is depicted rushing and swirling in mad fury on a green clad shore, and the scene is instinct with life—indeed, Mr, Ashton has here eclipsed himself. " The Marvel of the Golden Sky" is an admirable piece of coloring, the atmo spheric and shore effects being most skilfully managed. "Moonlight" is also a delightful bit of shore and sea, and " A Misty Morn, Port Adelaide," the largest of the canvasses, is excel lently executed, though the subject is rather more prosaic. Mr. Ashton always has surprises for his patrons at his annual exhibitions, and this year he will startle them not only by his artistic conceptions but also by his wonderful facility of production. There's three pairsons thofc I wad gie a gude deal—maybe as muckle as a saxpence—tae get a keek at. Ane's Maister Mary Lee (boot I unnerstan' he's deid), anither's Maister Harrison Lee, an' the third ane's Mistress Way Lee. I'm thinkin' they'd be unco queer bodies in their differen' ways. I canna min' thot I've iver seen the husban' o' a wumman lecturer, nor dae I ken, sae far, ony Chinese leddy. Ye mauna think frae a* this thot I'm wishin' tae say hairm o' onyane ava. In fact muckle thot Mistress Harrison Lee wis seyin' aboot the dresses o' sma' bairns, an' lassies tae, wis fu' o' sense, nae doot, boot tho' I agree sae far, I dinna think that the wumman sud sey it frae the public platform an' hae it sae weel adverti'st in the newspaipers. Teachin' like till yon sud be done thro' mitthers' meet ings an' siclike, an' jist frae ae wumman till anither. An' I'm thinkih' it wad hae been mair modest o' the wumman tae come on tae the platform wi' breeks on or a divided skirt than tae tell a' the folk thot she'd a divided skirt on tae her, boot it wis under her claes. I saw a lassie tither day ridin' on tae a bicycle, an' she'd breeks on, an' I saw anither ane wi' an ordinar' dress on her, an' I cudna help thinkin' thot sud baith o' the wimmen fa' off o' their machines' the ane wi' the breeks wad maybe be the mair decen' o' the twa. No that I haud wi' wimmen ridin' they things ony wey.—Donald MacPherson. Is legislation a farce ? Most people would be inclined to answer this question in the affirmative. Certainly if certain statements which have been current during the last few days are correct, Parliament is about as useless a piece of machinery as we have in South Australia. It is averred that the progressive land tax proposals of the Government have only been carried to their present position in order that certain members might appear to have carried out their elec tion pledges, and that when the second reading of the Bill comes to a division there will be a majority of one against the Government. If this be so, if the constituencies are to be played with in this fast and loose manner, there is only one thing to be done, and that is to dis solve the House. It is evident that, as with the progressive land tax, so would it be with a wealth tax. Present protestations are valueless. The wealth taxers are not in earnest. They have only brought forward their scheme to harrass the Government, and they have no desire to see it carried. We must have something like finality on the taxation question. It is admitted that we must have extra revenue, and the only way to deal with Parliamentary shufflers is to send them forthwith to their constituents to give an account of themselves. * The Hon. J. H. Howe has presented Quiz with a couple of photographs of the ill-starred poet, Adam Lindsay Gordon. One was taken many years ago in Adelaide at a time when Gordon's occupation was the breaking in of horses for a friend in the South-East. The poet is clad in an exceedingly ill-fitting suit of clothes, which have the appear ance of "slops " made by Polish Jews in the purlieus of Whitechapel. The second portrait was taken in Melbourne when the poet had been " discovered," and when it seemed likely that the anxieties of the past would be lost sight of in the rewards of the present. Mr. Howe knew poor Gordon well. * * * After a concert at Goolwa the other evening a lady who was present mentioned in a letter to an acquain tance that Mr. Kemp had sung with great success " The Mity Deep." The ocean has in its time been compared to a good many things, but to liken it to an over-ripe cheese is surely original. H. C. Swan, the Southern Stipendiary Magistrate, quite scared a publican who was up before him last week chaiged with a small breach of the law, due solely to a misunderstanding on the part of the liquor man. " I will fine you ;£io," said the S.M., and the deft.'s jaw dropped like a Broken Hill share; " but," continued Mr. Swan, " as I know the circumstances of the case I will reduce the amount to one shilling "—and the face of that hotel keeper suddenly lost its startled look, and he beamed as only the grateful can. * * * J. C. F. Johnson sent an apology last week to the Committee of the Onkaparinga Agricultural Society, stating that " most important business in Parliament" prevented his atten dance at the show on that day. But he might just as well have had a pleasant holiday hobnobbing with his constituents at Woodside as have been vainly endeavoring to beat up a majority against the progressive land tax. The people in the neighborhood of Justice Boucaut's " country seat" have been diverted by a little incident in connection with the Judge's attempt to establish a waluut plantation at Dalmaney Park. Some bold, bad boys and girls hearing that the nuts had been planted, and finding that sticks had thoughtfully been placed to indicate to them the rows where the trees were expected to make their appearance in the future, went out —on Sunday of all days—and up rooted 300 choice specimens of the fruit which many adults would indulge in but for foreknowledge of resulting indigestion. The local corporal of police ferreted out the culprits, but J. P. B. was a merciful Judge, and he let the youngsters off with a reprimand, no doubt reflecting that the disarrangement of eleven juvenile stomachs caused by the gorging of the stolen walnuts was in itself suffi cient punishment. Five of the de linquents bear the short, sweet name of Bugg, and the rustic wits speak of the quintette as constituting a new and destructive insect pest. * * * The last Masonic Cinderella of the season, which was held on Wednesday evening, September 26, while not so largely attended as might have been expected was a most enjoyable affair, and the Committee are to be con gratulated on the success which has attended their efforts. Dancing was kept up until a late hour, this being a " long night." * * * The shearer shears the simple sheep, The squatter sheareth he ; The wily Bank steps in and takes The clip of all the three. When I can read my title clear Without the aid of specs I know a pint of s beer Cannot my spirit vex. * * * The Premier's allusion to the Real Property Act fees in the Probate Bill debate was hardly a happy one. The ad valorem fees are supposed to carry a quid pro quo in the shape of a claim on the confiscated Insurance Fund. * * * The following advertisement adorns all the tramcars of Chicago:—" The person sitting under this card is one of our customers. He is very cranky and hard to please, but as a dresser isn't he a daisy ? Plymouth Rock Pants Co." * * * THE boy's VIEW OF IT. For a month he's worn breeches and shirts, While his head has been shorn of his curl; Now he says of his photo in skirts " That is me when I once was a girl." The South Adelaide Rowing Club have been admitted into the Rowing Association. * * * In less than a month Stoddart's team of English cricketers will have arrived in South Australia, and on November 9 they will begin their first match against a South Australian eleven. v ^ It will be interesting to watch Humphrey, the lob bowler, trundling at one end and Lockwood dealing out destruction with his cannonades from the other. v ^ <!' The Englishmen are a good all round team, and will win a lot of matches, but in the five test matches Quiz does not think that they will score more than one victory. * * * Despite beautiful weather there was not a large attendance at the Adelaide Oval on Saturday when the Norwoods and the Ports wrestled for the Premier ship of the second half of the season. It was anybody's game up to the last quarter, and the exhibition of football was the best of the season. There was rough play, to be sure, and that vicious little player, Munyard, ought to be taken across the Committee's knee and severely birched. His second attack on Carroll, at all events, was quite unjustified. * * ❖ The Ports went away with a great rush, and took every advantage of the fumbling of their opponents. Some of the Norwoods at first were not able to keepx their legs, and the red-and-blue ruck was quite overpowered. At half time the Mudholians were going strongly and were one goal to the good. * * * After the interval the Norwoods began to play in something like form, O. S. Bertram, whom Quiz names as the footballer of the year, being especially conspicuous. The ball was carried up and down the oval in hot haste, and the barrackers yelled them selves hoarse, now encouraging the players and now objurgating the umpire, who certainly sinned, but not to the extent represented. At three quarter time the scoring was level. * * * A splendid go resulted in the last twenty-five minutes, the men working themselves almost to a standstill, so eager were they. At first the Ports got in the lead, then the Norwoods % equalized the scores, and from that out the red-and-blues had the match pretty well in hand. The Ports made a fine tussle for it, but when the Norwoods had scored another goal it was all over, and the red-and-blues were the premiers of the second half of the season. Of the Norwoods Bunny Daly, to whom a magnificent run must be credited; Metherall, who was rather "off" at first; Slee, a rattling good player; Carroll, Cullen, and Darling, the latter of whom is very reliable, may be singled out; and for the Ports Covacevitch, H. Kempster, Ken. McKenzie, and Dunstan, the last named a fine player from the Port Natives, distinguished themselves. Jack McKenzie played in place of his brother Alick, but was not in his best form. * * * The fight for the premiership between the Norwoods and Souths will take place next Saturday, and Quiz thinks that the Norwoods will just win. Jones will be with the blue and whites once more, and it is believed that Fischer will play, although he was not please with the inclusion of "Jonah" last Saturday. Joyner and Scott will play with the Souths. Stuart, who on account of the death of his father has been an absentee from the football field during the last two weeks, does not wish to play on Saturday, and if Polglase's services can be obtained he will be a looker on. Slee is a cripple. Jack Woods wanted to don the red and blue, but Quiz understands the rules are against him. An imported umpire—Trenton, of Melbourne—will do duty, and we shall see how far he is an improve ment on Shaw. With the prospect of a fine game there should be a big attendance. W.C.T.U.—Whisky Causes Titilla tion Unequalled. '}• "I' The new Postmaster-General of New South Wales advertises the mail con tracts in the Sydney Worker and the Australian Workman. The P.M.G. is a labor member. * * * " In Chicago," says Mr. Samuel Small, " I saw a marching body of working men 18,000 strong, carrying a banner inscribed ' Our children cry for bread.' And then they marched to a piouic ground and there drank 1,400 kegs of beer." * * * One of the Melbourne Railway Commissioners recently rated an official for wearing a buttonhole in his coat. Lord Sudely, who was here the other day, is 54 years of age. He was at one time a lord-in-waiting to the Queen, but is now a director of Lord Armstrong's Ordnance Works. ^ 'I" "ir Premier Kingston regrets that in his early youth he did not receive an agricultural training. He was only taught how many blue beans make five. 'i' The Dowager Countess of Mayo has drawn £2,000 a year pension since 1872, the year her husband was assassinated in the East Indies. * * * Girdlestone, head master of St. Peter's College, says Australian boys can hold their own with English youngsters in athletics. ¥ ¥ A stout and jolly supporter of rowing has been looking very melan choly during the last few weeks because of the small amount of water in the Lake. They say he knows to an inch the size of the mudbank near the City Bridge. S/1 Commander Sir Henry Ogle, Bart., the Captain of H.M.S. Rapid, is a gay bachelor of forty-four. He served with the Naval Brigade in Natal during the ^ar in 1881. * * * The retiring allowances due to Civil servants have in most instances been increased 50 per cent by the interest payable upon the capital sum due on December 31, 1881. * ■ * * Millionaire Angas has lately taken to equestrian exercise in the city, and may be seen parading the streets upon a very good cut of a hack. One of the officers in the local Military Force is accused of wearing a P.D. corset. * * * Sir Sidney Bell predicts that the whole pf New Zealand and the greater part of Australia will be engulfed be fore the end of the year 1925. Quiz is not packing up yet. The officers of the Australian Squadron have a high old time of it in the South Seas. When the Rapid visited Raratonga the three dusky Queens and a whole bevy of beautiful maidens went on board and flirted galore with Sir Henry Ogle and his officers. Nice place Raratonga. * * * Pemberton, New Zealand, doesn't possess a single J ustice of the Peace. Arcadia ! -I- 'i* 'i' Count Leo Tolstoi has written an opera libretto, in which he gives his ideas regarding brandy drinking. It bears the title "The Brandy Distiller." The music has been written by a woman. The opera has been pro duced in Russia, but the peasants, whom it was designed to influence, will have nothing of it. They prefer the brandy—neat. Beware of petty thieves, who are stealing dog collars and discs. * * * " Freeluncher" in the Gawler Bunyip says that the metallic twang of Mrs. Harrison Lee's voice makes a man feel thirsty. * * ' * Woman asks man to give up beer, which she does not appreciate. But would she give up her new bonnet and save the bill that man does not appreciate. * * * If you want to see all the failures of Australian city life go to Coolgardie. In fact the ne'er-do-wells of every country in the world, almost, are to be found there. -i' 'I' Dame Juliana Berners was the first English woman writer. In 1496 she published a treatise on " Fysshing with an Angle." Woman has learnt to spell since then! v -(C A man named Mozart has taken out a patent for an " improved appliance for extracting kerosine or other liquid from tins or kegs." Shade of Don Giovanni! * * * Henniker Heaton, who is once more in Australia, is a conspicuous example of what may be done by " push." Postal reform has actually made him a prominent member of the House of Commons; but if he hadn't married the daughter of old Bennett, of the Sydney Evening News, and got a nice lot of money with her, he might have pined in vain for public life. Miss Smith, a young lady, is the first woman to be admitted to the British Institute of Public Health. Her scheme for the prevention of infantile opthalmia is highly spoken of. * * * In Corea when a man deserts his official post he is led through the streets of the capital, " whilst stalwart executioners beat him on the shins with cudgels." In South Australia no man has yet been known to desert his official post—so long as there was any salary attached to it. * * -it Wanted to know whether every member of Parliament has paid up rent due to the Government. ^ ^ "The Straight and Devious Paths of Art" is the contradictory title given to an essay written by a local Solon. * * * R. S. Smythe's middle name is Sparrow. He looks it. * * * According to statistics women to day are two inches taller on an average than they were twenty or thirty years ago. Higher heels to the boots, perhaps. * Voltaire, when he began the study of English, and found that 44 ague " j was pronounced as two syllables and " plague " as one, said he wished that half the English had the one disease and the other half the other. Jk ik Mark Twain says it gave him real pleasure to hear that his works were almost the only thing that Mr. Darwin read during the last year of his life, till he heard that Darwin suffered from a kind of mental atrophy, and was forbidden to read anything but absolute drivel. * * * Commander H. C. Kingsford, R.N., who arrived on Tuesday by the Cuzco to take up his appointment as second in command in the Victorian Naval Defence Force, entered the navy in 1871\. He was first and gunnery lieutenant in the Imperieuse, in China, and was promoted on that ship recently paying off. * * * The Chairman of the Beachport District Council cannot get his travelling expenses, because none of the other members of the Council will sign the necessary cheque. The amount is ,£1 13s. 6d. for four meetings. There is likely to be some fun in quiet Beachport yet. 44 The Council's Cheque, or the Chairman Checkmated" would be a good and alliterative title for a comedy to be played in the local Institute. The rowing season will be opened on the Torrens Lake next Saturday week. Why not have a Press and Parliament rowing match during the season ? Each side ought to be able to produce a four. A single sculls race between Kingston and Baker would be a great draw, but it would have to be stipulated that neither ran the other into the mudbank. Miss C. H. Spence has been telling the members of the Royal Colonial Institute her age—which is 68. She says she came to South Australia when she was 13 years old, and that South Australia was then not three years of age. >!' 'I' The new Compte de Paris is in profile not unlike Guy Roothby. English papers please copy. * Why don't country correspondents vary their announcements of death* We are all getting tired of reading that " quite a gloom was cast over the township." Why not say that a cloud of sorrow, or a thunderbolt fell, or the Death Angel paid a visit ? Anything for the sake of a change. The gloom business is played out. In plain language it means that when John Smith dies his friends adjourn to the local pub, and with long faces discuss his characteristics as they fill themselves with beer. * * * " I am not very old, but I can well recollect being dragged out of bed when a boy by my mother to go to work in a coal pit, and I want to surround and safeguard the calling of a coalminer by legalising the eight hours principle."—Joseph Cook, Post master-General of Hew South Wales. Two ex-publishers of the Register preached at the Carrondown Baptist Church last Sunday. The Goldfields Courier is & capitally arranged paper, published at Coolgardie by James McCallum Smith and Sydney Edwin Hocking. Smith was at one time connected with the Australasian Mining Standard, and Hocking gained his journalistic experience on the staff of the Adver tiser. * * * Lord Hopetoun's secretary, Ralston, has been signalizing himself at Cool gardie by falling into a tank. If a common person had done such a thing very nasty things on the subject of tanks would be said. * * * Some divorce cases recently heard in Hew South Wales—Love v. Love, Bliss v. Bliss, and Tickle v. Tickle. * * * The Mount Barker Courier pub lishes a very sensible article on local j art, in which the tendency of the authorities to worship names and to | ignore merit, because it has not been; 1 elsewhere recognised, is well satirised. ; | s}s ;jc ^ .j I. There are three Gills who occupy official positions in South Australia. One is known as Financial Gill, an other as Forestry Gill, and the third as the Gill. An Australian invited to dinner at Marlborough House wrote to Sir Francis Knollys asking how he should dress for the occasion. The answer he received was, " As no ladies will be present trousers may be worn ! ! !" "I" V h' " What's this here palmistry I hear 'em talking about V " I dunno ; but I spose it's something to do with con juring or the three-card trick." Thus is history made. JjC * A well-known business man in this city employs his own sons in his establishment, and all day long the air is ringing with "Yes, sir," or "No, sir," addressed by the obedient boys to their immediate progenitor. In another place not a great way off the popular salutation of the son to the father is, "All right, boss," or " Clear the way, boss." There is no doubt which form of address is pre ferable. * * Sass often got his words mixed up when acting, and sometimes came out with some comical sentences. On one occasion he was playing the King in " Hamlet," and towards the end, when the moody Dane asked, " How does the Queen V Sass, instead of reply ing " She swoons to see them bleed," got his tongue tied in a knot, and let out in a most determined manner, "She sweens to soo them blue." A German colonist tells bow in the early days he went on the historic 28 th of December to Glenelg. Rounsevell's busses were running, and the fare down was five shillings. The weather, how ever, decided to change, and the rain came down in torrents. There was the opportunity of the bus proprietor, and return fares went up to one pound. Our German friend thought all round the question, and eventually determined to pad the hoof. A number of other citizens also made up their minds to walk, and an adjournment for refresh ment was made. " This vas cost me five shillings," remarks the Teuton, "Veil, ve valked on, and by-and-bye ve came to anoder pub and more viskies vas drunk. That vas anoder five shillings. Then ve came to the Half- Way House, and there I haf to spend anoder five shillings to keep the cold out of us. Veil, ve go on until ve come to the pub at the Black Forest, und there I spend one more five pob. Then ven I comes out I see a man driving to town, and as I vas very wet and tired I offered him five pob to drive me home, and he accepted. By shinks, that made up the pound that Rounsevell wanted. But," he adds reflectively, " If I'd gone with Rounsevell I shouldn't have got all that visky, and visky is goot, very \ goot—in moderation." At a certain dance given recently guests were requested to give up their cards of invitation at the door. One lady strongly objected. "We didn't bring any cards," she said, " we are the Mayor and Mayoress of Unowhere V * * * A woman owes eight shillings for rent, and the bailiffs are put in pos session. The bailiff's charges and the cost of cartage of goods to the auction mart are 22s., the auctioneer's charges are 6s., or a total of 36s. to get 8s. rent, besides the sacrifice of the goods ! This is a story of a haunted house in the suburbs. The hero is a young Customs official, who, though youthful, has taken upon himself the cares of married life. For several nights most uncanny noises were heard in his domicile. They were certainly unlike anything human, and the hair on the head of the Customs man used to rise erect with terror. The strange visitant could be heard sometimes on the roof and sometimes in the various rooms, once even invading the bed room of the houseowner. Things came to such a pass that the official decided to leave the neighborhood. Friends condoled with him and offered to lend him Stead's "More Ghost Stories." Spiritualists hearing of the strange occurrences expressed a desire to hold seances in his haunted house. But the young married man made up his mind \ o do without external aid. So one night he loaded a double-barrelled gun and sat down in an easy chair in his bedroom to watch. As the witching hour of night approached there was a mysterious noise. Customs drew himself up. The noise came nearer and nearer. There was a low breathing like that made by a human being in pain. Hcrror! The thing, palpable or impalpable, was in the room. Bang! The whole of the top of the mantle piece was blown away. Bang! A tiny shriek. Lights, please. There on the mat lay what had once been a predatory opossum, now blown into smithereens. And thus the ghost story ended. But the doubting Thomases of the Customs Department refuse to believe the story unless the tail of the opossum is produced, and there isn't enough tail to make a boa for a pixy ! * * * An old maid in one of the suburbs, a dear old body who thinks it is never too late to marry, was badly taken in the other day. Her servant informed her that there was a " person " in the parlor waiting to see her. " Who is it, Bridget 1" she asked. " Capting Jersey," was the reply as the girl left the room. Then the old maid titivated her ringlets, took the creases out of her dress, and putting a little pearl powder on her angular features sallied forth to entertain her military visitor. When she opened the door she nearly had a fit. The caller was a woman; It was Captain Jersey, of the Salvation Army, collecting subscriptions for the Self-Denial Fund !" A millionaire and his clerk, a poor devil of course, were walking up King -William Street when the two espied a shilling lying on the pavement. Both grabbed, and the clerk got the coin. " Halves," said the man of money. " Haven't you got two sixpences ? Here, give me the shilling. Humph ! I've only got a threepenny bit. Never mind. I'll owe you the other three pence !" \- =SC When Johnny Gourlay was in Ade laide many, many years ago he and some other Thespians made up their mind to go on a provincial tour, and selected Moonta as one of the places where they would excite the bucolic temperament, and play havoc with the bucolic silver. It was necessary in one of the pieces to be played that there should be a copper, and a Moonta tradesman was given the order for its construction. The journey to Moonta was in those days made by coach, and the Company were pretty tired when they arrived at their destination. They had to play that night, and spurred themselves up to the task by expectations of a bumper house. The Moonta folks were, how ever, otherwise engaged—perhaps at a revival meeting—and they patronised not Johnny and his fellows. As the actors were " making up " the manager came in with a report as to the state of the house. " How much ?" he was asked, "Three pounds," was the reply. " And look here, boys." Here he fluttered a piece of paper in their faces. "What's that?" "That's a bill for the copper." " How much ?" again came the chorus. " Three pounds ten." Well, the money had to be paid, of course, but the sub sequent adventures of that copper should be worth narrating. It saw a good deal of South Australia, and had a good deal of buffeting about on the tops of coaches. It was purposely lost scores of times, but always turned up again, and eventually its career was brought to an inglorious close in a Chinese laundry. 'i' 'i' 'J* Maister Gordon wis tellin' me thot ane o' his bairns gaed tae the Sabbath Schule, an' the teacher there tauld him he wis never tae use the wurd " story," boot tae bauldly ca' a thing thot wis nae true a lee, "An' noo," sis he, "the bairns are a' callin' ane anither lears a' ower the place, whan beforetimes a' they wad sey wad be ' Ye're a storything.' I'm nae sure thot it's muckle o' an improvement what iver," sis he.—Donald MacPherson. It is a bad thing to read both the Bible and Shakespeare. This is how an eloquent local preacher, who is well posted in both volumes, mixed them up lately. He was orating on the terrors of the Judgment, and perorated thus—" See to it, my friends, that in that day ye are among the sanctified and not among those who, terror* stricken and affrighted at the Lord's advent, will, in the anguish of their souls, exclaim, ' A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse !' as did the holy evangelist, whose words you know so well." * * * "Come, here, my son. You have been fighting. Fetch me my slipper." " Oh, no, father, I have not been fighting; I was only coursing my dog against Bill Adams's terrier, and while they were going it some other boys came up and began fighting. I couldn't help looking on, father. It disgusted me, but I had a tract in my pocket, and —" " Come to my arms, my noble-hearted boy." * * * Carr and Tier's Song. If you're present at a fight, Pay a twenty-guinea fee To a lawyer, and you'll see He will prove that black is white. It expensive is, no doubt, But really if you're fly, man, You will pay the dollars out, And retain Josiah Symon. The Others— We must fork out many pence For the coffers of the State (Sure the Beak is out of date) Just for looking through a fence. Well, if ever we are caught In flagrante delicto, We'll have Symon's service sought— The best that can be picked, oh I * * * He was an actor, and he remarked that the Israelites were about the best customers to the dress circle at the Royal. Bland Holt and a well-known Jewish gentleman were present. " Do you hear that ?' quoth the latter. " Yes," said Bland, " of course I do* and it is quite right. I'd sooner see twelve Jews in the house than one Christian any time." "How's that?* was the innocent enquiry. " Well*, for the best of reasons," guffawed Bland; "it means a dozen times the tin. Tol lol." * _ * * Interesting slab from a debate in the New South Wales House of Assembly :—W. P. Crick—" No one would expect a man to succeed in matters like nursing the sick in like degree to a woman." An hon. member —" Why not ?' Crick—" Who inter jected ' Why not ? " Dr. Hollis—" I did." Crick—" Oh, no doubt the honorable member narrowly escaped being a woman." (Roars of laughter.) And this is the sort of thing that takes place in a deliberative assembly* and is paid for at the rate of £300 per annum. 