THE LATE FRED. LESLIE. .----0-o RECOLLECTIONS OF GAIETY BURLESQUE. FIRST NOTICE. Amongst the books worth reading, upon which there is sure to be a run at Mullen's, few are likely to draw Melbourne readers more than the newly published Recollections of Fred Leslie, by W. S. Vincent. In two handsome volumes, profusely illustrated, an old friend from boyhood,a journalist and joint author with Leslie of his last great success, Cinder Ellen Up Too Late, recounts the story of his life from start to finish. His early proclivity for the stage,-his snccesses as an amateur, the ruse by which he suc ceeded in getting his foot upon the regular boards, his hardly-won success, his triumphs in America, in England and Australia, all are fullyrecorded. There is no lack of amnusing stories to enliven the narrative, nor are detail of his home life and private relationship want ing. Thepicture is given, Cromwell fashion, warts and all, Riththo result that when you closethe bookyou fully know the man, his strength, his weakness. The lives of great actors have as books generally been arrant failures, faulty in construction. painfully deficient in interest. No uoh complaint can lie brought against the present work. Mr Vincent is in fullest sympathy with his subject, knows his story thoroughly, has turned his literary skill to such good account that from the day of Leslie's birth, let April, 1855, down to the dark December morning, 1892, when typhoid fever claimed its victim, the in terest never flags. The enforced retirement of Miss Farren, through illness, and the death of Leslie have almost quenched what admirers called-' The TSaored Lamp of Gaiety Burlesque." 'Whether itwas ever worth lighting, or Worth maintaining at such expenditure of vitality and artistio genius,may well be questioned. Like many other silly things well done, bhut scarce worth the trouble of doing well, it will have its day and cease to be; but the life of its high priest and Magnus Apollo is fraught with instruction for stage-struck youngsters, and may well give them panse. Strenuous and unremitting toil, an overstrained nervous system, and early death at thirty-seven, seem too high a price to pay even for success like Leslie's and a fortune of LI1,000. The game was carcely worth the candle. EARLY LIFE. The Hobsons, of Woolwich, military oatfitters in a good way, were not the first, nor are they likely to be the last, of our middle class families devoted to church or chapel, who make the appalling discovery that one of their brood is that rara avis, a born actor. Good Mrs Hobson, left widowed with eight children to bring up, and a busi nessto manage, succeeded in everything she undertook, save in arresting her youngest boy's penchantfor the stage. Good schooling, both at home and afterwards in France, regu lar church-going, maternal expoetulations, all failed to stem the tide that set so strongly theatrewards. The church itself must be credited with some of the respon sibility for having fostered young Fred's dramatic tastes ; for at penny readings and parochial festivals he won such applause by his boyish recitations that in due course he found a place amongst the amateurs at the Royal Artillery Theatre. Here he chiefly affected old men roles, but on occasion was ready to fly at any game, high or low, that offered. The great ambition of these early days was to play Lear in a London theatre, nor did this longing for the higher and more serious walks of the drama ever desert him ; burlesque was only a road towards a predeter mined goal, the management of a London theatre and serious parts, and for this he was preparing when death closed his ca reer. AN UNREHEARSED EFFECT. In those Woolwich days the play was one night the popular Colleen Bawn, and Fred Leslie, for he had thus early adopted his nom de theatre, was Danny Mann, the' hunchback, a part he greatly fancied. All went well until towards the close, when Danny's knowledge of the text gave out. Danny, shot in the cave while tryingto drown the Colleen, has been taken to his mother's hut, and there has to confess and give up the ghost in view of the audience. The bed on which Master Fred lay was in the centre of the stage. Poor Danny's tale was told with all the convulsions and moans whih enhance the effect of the death struggle; when, lo I with the final twinge, off came the coverlet, revealing under the bedstead a soldier, lying at full length with a book and candle, prompting the actor above him, line by line. The house roared with laughter, and the our tain fell rapidly upon the anti.climax. It was fortunate for " Mr Fred Leslie" that he had not to show himself again upon the stage that night. EARLY DAYS IN STAGE LAND. By the time he was twenty he had risen in the establishment of Messrs Prater, the well known London army contractors, to a salary of L100 a year, with the certainty of speedy promotion, but in 1878 he threw all this up to accept an engagement to play first old men at the Royalty Theatre under Miss Kate Santley's management at the princely salary of L1 a week. -The late Lionel Brough was to star in Paul Pry, and Leslie was the Colonel Hardy. His first appear ance was a dreadful fiasoo. To se cure the engagement he professed to know all about the part. In fact, he had never read it, or even seen the play, but the chance was too good to lose, so he sat up all night to study it, with the result that he was soundly hissed. Confes-. ing the truth, he begged for another chance so earnestly that Miss Santloy at last con sented, and by the third night both manager. ess andstarwere forced to acknowledge that he wasthe best Colonel Harly they had ever seen. A year's hard work at the Royalty won for the young aspirant the goodwill of his follows and the favor of the audience, but by those arbiters of destmroy, the critics, he was either ignored or hadaunch snippets of praise doled out as might have soured one of less deter. mined mettle. - Stillhe struggled on,- making way slowly tillin comic, opera he found his feet and became in request. In 1879 he marircd the sweetheart of his childhood, Miss Louie Agate, to whom he owed twelve years of happy wedded life, and whose early death just before his second visit to Australla cast a shadow upon the short remnant of his career. After two years at the Alhambra, where his salary rose to L12, and finally LI 5, he accepted an American engage ment at L25 a week, and there first mot with that stimulating en couragement, both from the Press and his audiences, the lack of which had been so keenly felt in England. There, in five months, he won a position which five years' hard work in England had failed to ensure, and on his return to England he brought with him a three years' engagement, to begin i An?auet, 1882, at L26 a week firstyear, L35 second, and L40 the third. Before his return to America, however, a chance meeting with H. B. Farole, the well-kuown librettist of so many comic operas, led to an engagement at the Comedy Theatre to reate the part of Rip in a seriocoomio operatio version of Rip Van WVinkle at a easalary of L25 a week. This was in reality the crowning artistic sueo cease of Leslio's life,. Press and publio were for once in fullost accord. The Amerioan engagement had to be postponed and for 100 nights Leslie enjoyed his triumph. A SERVANT MAID'S CRITICIS" OF HER MlASTER. Lealie's servant girl was sent to see Rip, and during the first act a good-natured neighbor pointed out her master when he was singing his song, These Little Heads now Golden, which she followedwithinterest. In the third act when Old Rip oroons the same song in a faltering, aged voice, but fails to recall it, and breaks down, the mail left the theatre and went home. Next day her a master asked her how she had enjoyed the L performance. "Oh, sir," she replied, "I a like the two plays you acted in (meaning a the first two nots), and your song was ° beautiful; but after that they played another ° piece (the third act), and some old man came on and tried to imitate you and to sing your song, and he forgot the words, and he couldn't do it a bit; and I was so glad." AT THE TOP OF THE TREE. At the end of 100 nights the management r raised his salary to L30 a week, but as the a furore increased beyond expectation, Leslie e declined at the end of his nine months 3 engagement to renew it save at an advance so L L40. This was declined, so after 14th July, 18S3, he took a month's holiday before revisiting America. There he topped his pre Svious success to such a degree that London a "Truth" wrote :-" Fred Leslie has gone t to America for the salary of a Cabinet Minister, English managers feeling that they coud only afford to pay him that of a Secretary of State." In April, 1884, he returned to England in such a state of health that protracted rest was necessary, and not till September of that year did he resume work, returning to the Royal "Comedy Theatre, and to his old form in Rip; a lengthened provin cial tour following. To an interviewer he gave a peep into the seamy side of his life : " If you think that our book of life is a hind of gilt-edged edition de luxe by comparison with that of the clever actors of your local companies who play a score of new pieces every year, you may temper your judgment wvith mercy by recolledting how exoeedingly_. arduous these burlesque characters are: .:The. Sfrequent changes of dress and make.up, the y dancing, the singing, the oonstant ebullience of spirit-all this is most exhausting to the nervous system, and in my own case has led I to serious illness." But, with all its draw hbaks, the life was to his taste, and his affeo I tion for the stage never abated. He loved his work; he enjoyed it when on the stage, and there was no subject of thought or con versation more congenial to him at all times than topics theatrical. Rip Van Winkle came to an end at last,. and the hard- wrought actor took a holiday trip in France, re-visiting his old school, and doing Paris. His opinion of French actors and acting is worth transcribing: "My so journ in France taught me nothing, or rather I only one thing, that the Paris standard of acting is deteriorating. I saw but one per r fect pieeoo of acting out of the efforts of about o 260 artists, and this from a man at a cheap I theatre in a cheappiece." For a second notice we reserve what to our readers will prove the most interesting part of the book, Leslie's connection with the Gaiety Company and his two visits to Aus. tralia. JoIAN REID. 