OUR COUNTRY SERVICE. [FEOM OUB C0ItBB3P0NDENT3.]j i- -'BALLARAT, Wednesday. Equestrian Accident.—Mr. J. G. Affleck, master of the Ballarat Hunt Club, met with a painful accident to-day. When lookir g over a course for the next run, he put his horse at a gate, and the horse struck with hie hjnd feet. The gate opened and tripped the horse,.which fell and rolled upon Mr. Affleck, breaking his right leg just above the ankle. Mr. Affleck re ceived prompt surgical attention, ana is ex pected to make a good recovery. J . , .CASTLEMAINE, Thursday. • Castlemaine Gun Club.—A sweepstake of £35 for a pigeon shooting match, was fehot for to-day, therebeing good entries from j various pattaof.the colony. After some capital shoot ing, the competitors gradually fell cjff,, until: ■after the 14th round only,four were left in; the contest. This quartette agreed to divide £5 each out of the stake, and fire off for; the re maining £15. The result was that Perry, 23 yards, missed his loth bird ; Smith, 2G yards, his 17th ; which left Toulen, 21 yards, j of New stead ; and " B.B.of Bendigo, 2G yards, in it; they each shot on until they had grassed 23 birds, and then decided to divide, j Several sweepstakes, were afterwards shot for. ' .Cycling.—The road race from Castlemaine to Newstead took place to-day. Seven competi tors faced the starter. After a splendid race,' N. Cock, who had 7min. start, woA by four yards from J. Young, who started from;scratck; W. Boss, who also started at scratch,' being a good third. The scratch man accomplished the run in 31min. Football.—Tha Maldon Trades Club visited Castlemaine to-day, and played the local Wed nesday team.The visitors had not the ghost of a show, Castlemaine keeping up a continuous bombardment at their opponents' goalv The re sult of the game was, Castlemaiue, 7 goals 16 behinds to nil. If the Castlemaine had only taken advantage of their reasonable; chances, most of the behinds, which were ridiculously easy shots, would have scored, enabling them to put up a record. The Castlemaine .Wednes day team would be glad to arrange matches with teams from Bendigo who can meet them on Wednesdays. Assisting the Poor.—The Girls''Friendly Society, in connection with Christ Church, gave an entertainment to-night in the schoolroom, to obtain funds to enable them to purchase material to make up into clothing to be distri buted by tlie Deaconesses of Melbourne among the. destitute people of the metropolis during the winter season. ECHUCA, Wednesday. The Chilling Works.—A public meeting of persons interested in the formation of jthe pro posed chilling works at Ecliuca was held at Tongala last evening, Cr. Fly, president of the Deakin Shire, was in the chair. Several mem bers of the Echuca committee were present. The chairman explained the objects of the meeting. Mr. A; W. White then explained the terms on which it was proposed toistart the works, and pointed out the position the share-. holderB would occupy in connection jwith tlie Fresh Food and Storage Works with which the chilling works would be affiliated. The chair man (Or. Fly), Mr. T. Murphy, M.L.A., and Cr. R. F. Scott also addressed the meoting, and pointed out the manifold advantages offered the farmers by the works as a means of disposing of their surplus stock. At the conclusion of tho meoting, some 300 to 400 shares weife applied for. I Accidental Death.—A magisteriil inquiry was hold this morning upon the bo'dy of the child, Walter Stanley, who was killed yester day by a kick from his father's horse. ; The evi dence bore out thb details already published, and a verdict of accidental death was returned. ELMORE, Wednesday. : Lecture.—Last evening at the Athemeuin Hall, the Rev. R. lteith Mackay, of Bendigo, gave a lecture on " Social Problems." The address was highly interesting and was much appre ciated. The meeting was presided over by Mr.. J. M'Loskey, and at the close a hearty yotejo! thanks was passed-to the lecturer for his visit, r . . INGLEWOOD, Wednesday. •• • ^Mechanics' Institute.—The committee met. last evening, there beipg a good attendauce, the president (Sir. S. Symonds) occupying the chair.- -Thesecretary (Mr. J. M. Goodwin) re: , 'ported that the riett proceeds from the recent ehrysautliemum show hold in aid of the funds of the institution would amount to about £13. The committee had gone to a deal more expense this year than last in making the show attrac tive, and as the donations were a great deal smaller in comparison, and the committee heiug taxed with extra expenses, rendered the profits less than what was evidently expected. The result, however, was considered highly satis factory. Hearty votes of thanks were passed to tlie judges, ladies and others who had so kindly assisted, special mention beiiig due to the hon. secretary, Mr. S. Symondsj manager of the Bank of Victoria. It was decided that the annual ball should be held on itho 19th June, Mr. W. Neal being appointed i hon.. sec retary of tha ball, committee. ... 1 ' 1 Military.—In a previous issue; of. the Advertiser I- had' occasion to refer to .the exalted position iii which" the Victorian Rangers stood in the military forces, and it is li further pleasure to record the success of'onej of- their' number in the'person of Lanofl-Ctvrporfcl Jewell;-' of the F Company, who gained the medal for the best shot in the.Yi^rian mjrtitaryjforces for tKo muskotryyyear lSSp-3. ,yChe medal is to. be ■pcesented .'On. parade-,by JHs Excellency-the Governor At > the -conclusion- of .the.-Rcvio'w ii' iMelbonrne on the 24th, May (Queen's Birthday)... May tho success :of» this gantlema-n indnced his comrades, in the detachmenfc to " gi> and-dOj likewise.'!'1''1 AUi-" 1 ■ 