MELBOURNE , August 11. ; [PBOJI OUR COBIIESI'ONDKNT J It is extraordinary:' how- suddenly a Ministry becomes unpopular. Budgets, more-than all other measures, bring this* about. : This is not surprising, for by its Budget the Goveriinient puts its hand into the pookuts of .private individuals— very frequently .into those who did not think they had money to spare. The present Budget is universally denounced, and seems to be friendless even .among the Ministry, some of whom whisper they would never have consented to it had they seen it befi're the last monii'ht. The position of the Government re-, minds ore of the story nf the jackdaw of. Kheiius, who stole ihe tuvquuise ring of the Cardinal Archbishop. When Hik Grace by bell, liouk and caudle banned the thief, whom he thought would be f'lUnd aiiiungst his guest-!, botli ljudy mid soul, ill this life and for ever, the poorjackdaw became a pitiable object ; his head lobbed down, his' wings draggled on the iinor, his feathers were all ruffled, atid. with the "ghost of a caw he begged the company to follow to the place where he had concealed the ring, VAnd when afterwards tlie Archbislmp removed the curse, the bird grew slei k again, perky and impudent, wagging his tail, winking his eye, and cocking his head oii one side,-, and grew afterwards so derout that when, he died in the odor of sanctity lie was canonized under, the name nf Jim Crow. Somewhat like this has been the attitude of the Ministry. They were perky, selfconfident and up to tricks when they submitted their Budget, but when the Cardinal-Arch bishop cursed tlicm they' m<>uited and shed all the feathers of their plumage, lie objected to, and then when be seemed pleased tliey grew fat aiid sleek aiid. self-satisfied ..ayain; But noH' tliere Jias cnme aiiother c])ange, ai)d itt hew. storm ! ik said to be.arisingj -.proceed/' ing from the equator of the House. If ii comes on to blow what think you will life the result? Let tis look a little closely into theposition. As leader of another Government Mr Sbiels is simply impossible. He is toy entirely discredited, and he is leading the Opposition so badly that their loyalty towards him is sadly, strained. In fact a number of members of the Opposition corner (the Tucker crowd, as it is called); do not go into the Opposition room when caucuses are summoned. 'J heir game is to wink rnit the other eye towards the Ministerial corner men. Some of these, who have been "working" of late, think that they can get sufficient votes to displace the Ministry and form a scratch team, but in this they rely upon diaggirig 5 the Opposition across with them. This is not always to bo assumed I have 5 witnessed the spectacle of an Opposition or. ssiug the floor and voting with tlie Ministry in order to defeat their own corner before now. And then ooines the grave question of the selection of a leader of the demonstration. The names of Messrs Tucker, Shiels, Walter Madden and Sir Graham Berry are among those most capvas-od. Now, Ihave.known Mr Tucker, in Parliament for 20 -yearsj as we'll as outside of it, and he is a trifle machiavellian in politics —as all men need to be—when he tells me "they are always at me to propose a no-confidence motion, but I didii't want the job," I believe him. Still, if he could see the numbers were really up, I should not be surprised to find him mak- ing tbe essay after all. If he succeeded he would Tiave a'safe seat, but his term of office would be .brief, for he has hot, as I pointed out before, the fighting qualities needed in a leader. Of the others Mr Shiels "is out of count. His present motion will not he carried, tliough how best to dispose of it lias not yet been decide d.. Mr Turner, is indisposed for tlie toils of offiee. Sir Graham Berry rests upon the reputation Of having been once an excellent Protectionist Treasurer, but 3iis recent excursion in the direction of prohibitive duties has smudged, his reputation—though he might at the eleventh hour be chosen—and Mr Walter Madden, who commands much weight in the House by his personal influence, is scarcely disposed to contest for the piiz», for he is a quiet man that dislikes the bullying that. Ministers are exposed to. The "betting, ..therefore, ' at the present time is even on Mr Tucker, because; say members, he is the only man who has been 20 years in ttie-jjpuse with "nothing : to apologise for. " However, my impression is that if a' .dicect motion, is .moved—the Shiels one Is not counted as anything dangerous—that It will be defeated. Members generally recognise that it Is useless wasting the rest of the year in a party fight simply to change sets of nien,: because that would mean the loss of the . Budget. The iorfeiture of a great part of the laxation it proposed to levy, a summer session, and a larger deficit than even the most pessimistic of us anticipated last year.,. If only Sir James Patterson could secure a competent Treasurer, the situation would be wonderfully cleared, .but alas, where is lie to-be found 1 The fact that at all the bye elections Ministerial candidates have been returned steadies the House, and if a no : confidence motion - is. moved," which 1 doubt-, for the Ministerial corner has not 5 been much weakened by the assaults upon it, you will find that - Ministers will pull out with their usual-lucky majority. There is a goed deal of discussion as to whether Messrs M'Neil and: Burke, who are, noiy holding such successful holiness meetings, are laying up their treasure upon earth instead of what politicians term'" the other place." . In other words, whether they are painistering for their own benefit. 1 am in a position to say this is not the case. , TIi|i,$;entlenien are commissioned by a philanthropic nobleman in England, whose name need not bo mentioned, to go throughout the world and preach the Gospel : to tlie . people,: and their stipends are paid by linn. Local - evangelical bodies bear: the expense of conducting -the meetings, travelling from country to country, and other charges of a cognate character, and any surplus . is- divided amongst churches and chanties: Efforts are being made to induce tha famous Dr De Witt Talmage to proceed to Queensland after he has finished h s orations in New South Wales, so as not to mteifere suth the mission Messrs M'Neil and Burke are conducting here: I do not know wl ether these will succeed ,- but from a little pamphlet sent to me,: which professes to he .in imperfect sketch! of his life, it appears that the famous oiatoriea Presbyterian, 62 years of age ; .born of poor parents, and originally trained in the law Of his attainment it; is unnecessary to speak, hut a remarkable fact m his career is that each of tjie three tabernacles built for him at Brooklyn, the latest of Inch could seat 6100 people,? have been .destroyed by fire A New Zealand paper "has been .good enough tiotonly to Irill our Mr Archie xuiUebut'also to publishes biography iuryjhimvntlr41l dus-honors. Now, as this paper- came -xrat some .twelve -days' ago, nd -Mr 3 mile was alive -and Well <on : 'Wednesdaj last,-one isJorced to tbe eonclnsion iliat aiatters_atc like ihe hats m "Confusion" a, tit mixed There is nothing mo e calculated to -^ive a man what is vulgarly known as 'Hhe creep " than to Tead Ins xiwn 4eath noijee m he papers There i ati uncannj air about it •which i mo t uupleas nt The mistake has <f course arisen in. the scribe con founding the death of Mr W C YuiHe, which actually did t ie place two or three jveeks since, 'frfth that of his &c;/u Archje,-- the date of "which"tiiE-anany friend hope will be -put forward for "very many lpng : years The "je&ult; f rihe eleckog Jor «i T &P; popamit^ee'iartiisTieclJSomeihiiig of ^a^supprise-iii that it iya tliouglit- fliat Mr A Sy Bdbertson jvouldJia eieen^ert^n fti -iiave "been returfied-^nfeppp^p parentlyhiB ^rienaiTjn ijje opptrj ^dio „not avail ihemselyeu to -a Tiuflicient >f ihe jpriyjlege ,of noting! po tl failed io jr.ni a sent on Hie wmm bear .on «nch matters as come before him as a.committeeman. The sewage works.at Footscray promise to become as sensational: in ;their- history as did the'building of the. New Tork insurance offices at the corner of Collins and Elizabeth streets.-. There - have been several falls of earth, one unfortunately accompanied by loss of life, others by painful ihjuries: No blame is attachable to the contractors, who are pushing on the work as fast as possible, the men as a rule workinc: "double tides." No matter what precautions may be taken, Mother Earth every now and then forcibly reseuts the way she is bruised and battered about. With respect to the sewage works, the ground at present being gone through is, I am told by some of the men employed therein; particularly susceptible to "creeps." Tliey were lunching in a hostelry gri'atly frequented by pastoralists and agriculturiiits, and at one table a party of three were discussing the. proprietor of large flocks and herds. " And yet," said one, rcmemb' T his father when he was only a poor shepherd." And then from an-adjoining table uprose a, gigantic form .which strode over to the conversing party, and from which came the following, couched in the broadest Doric : " Only a puir shepherd! Mon, I'd have ye ken that some of our- groiidest and reechest folk hae been shepherds. Only a puir shepherd, indeed. Hoot!'"' Then the great form went back to its (iffn table. and when the party had recovered from the shock they were enabled to identify it as belonging to one of the moBt powerful of Australian shepherd kings, one whoBe flocks and herds roam o'er a hundred hills and plains, and who was himself sprung from a long line of Scottish and Austialian shepherds. 