SPIRIT PHOTOS. -"*HOW TO RIAISE GHOSrS.,., The spirit photos presented in a recent issue in connection with the exposure in Sydney, make specially interest. lug an interview lateljy published in a London paper. It is as follows: "Nothing is easier. I can turn you out ghosts by the dozen. They can be done to order just like anything else lees ethereal. As a matter of fact, the beginner in our pro. fession is often a ghostmaker quite against his will. They come without his bidding, and disgusted enough he gets withthemwhen they present themselves to him where he would fain have conjured the counterfeit of flesh and blood upon his plate." We were standing in a large' Baker street photographic studio; a thousand children's faces beamed down from the walls, for is not Mr Faulkner par excellence the photographer of children? Of ghosts there were none, apparently, but we had appealed to Mr Faulkner for some explanation of osHOSTS IN THE OAMERA, because it is said that next to ghosts children are the most difficult !' objects " to photo graph, andwe felt convinced that, in his wide experienoe, Mr Faulkner must occasionally have crossed the thin border which divides the child and the ghost, these next-door neighbors in the photographere, camera. The immediate fact which led to the invasion by the "Westminster Gazette" of Mr Faulkner's studio was the bona- fide photography of a ghost. A young girl had been photographed, in aprivate room, by n amatesiir photographer, who, so far, decolines to believe in ghosts. When the photograph was developed there appeared behind the figure of the girl in olassio gar ments another face-shadowy, but perfectly visible-the face, apparently, of a man with towzly hair and a dark monustache, bending over the girl's shoulder. There was no trickery of any kind : the plate had not been tampered with; no one had interfered while the photographing was in process. HOW CAME THIS GHOST ON TO THE PLATE P Mr Faulkner, as an expert, was asked to explain. " It is the best ghost I have ever seen on a photograph," this gentleman ex plained, after a minute examination of the plate, " and how it has got there I cannot exactly tell. Though, mind you," added Mr Faulkner, with the ghost of an amused smile, "I amno more a believer in ghosts than you are. There are various ways inwhlch an imn presalon of this kind can be produced on a camera. In' the present ease I should say that either somebody has passed behind th lady while the plate on which she was being photographed was exposed, or a reflection on some window or glass-door has produced the effoot. Any photographer can MANUFAOTURE A GHOST FOR YOU with the greatest ease. For instance, if I give a long exposure to a .plate, and during the exposure some one-perhaps draped in a shseet-appears for a moment behind the sitter, and then disappears again, a faint impression appears, of course, on the plate. When I first took to photography, years ago, I often amused myself and my assistant by producing chosts in this way. And beginners in photography very often prodnuce ghosteagainst their wills by incor reotlyfoensing the object they are about to photograph. "Then, again, it is very easy, for anyone incolined to do so to hoax Spiritnalists and other people of fervent faith. An impression may be made on a plate and covered up. Afterwards, when a believer imagines that a ghost is present and might be caught in the camera, the plate is exposed 'once more and both Spirilualist and " ghost " appear In the photograpb. It is truly marvellous how some of the good people who go in for spiritualism and kindred sciences allow them selves to be duped. We have had several instances of thiskhind. Some time ago an old gentleman, a barrister, who had avery good position in the colonies, lived over here, fjust round the corner. He was a great faith. healer and spiritualist; a clever old fellow, I should say, and thoroughly in earnest about his ocncult science. His wife died, and he came here one morning saying that he would like to be photographed. He would bring what he called his battery, and be thought THE SPIRIT OF HIS WIFE would appear on the plate. Of course, I had to keep serious ; it was not my business to ex press an opinion about the spirit. Presently he came ln, and with him was a party of men and women. These were his 'battery.' I put him in position for a photograph, and the battery sat behind him in a semicircle, far enough away not to come into the foncus of the camera. Presently, a member of the battery, a wretahed-looking little cobbler, began to groan and wriggle and to go into all kinds of contortions. 'He can't help it,' a young lady of the party Informed me; 'nor can he help talking in that strange way. He is in a trance, possessed by THE SPIRIT OF AN INDIAN CHsIEF.' It was well, she explained, for the fellow began to talk in a would-be foreign accoent, the moat absurd and idiotic stuffI have ever listened to. Sometimes he forgot himself, and talkel inhis own Cockney tongue, but thenhe pulledhimself together again, and we hada littlemore of the Indian chief. It was a great joke, but I was sorry for the poor. old man who was deluded by these people. When the photograph was taken, the young lady of the party insisted upon coming into the dark eoom to see what was on the plate. Of course there was nothing exoept the fine figure of the old Colonel, but she turned to me and said, in a very superior tone, 'To you it does not ap pear so, because your eyes are not opened; but I see millions and millions of angels on this plate." " Another time, now a good many years ago, we had a curious experience with people of thls class. A very lovely young lady, of a well-known aristooratic family, had been photographed and painted by us several times. She married, and after some years her husband came to nu very sadly, and said he wouldlike us to senddown to his house forthe purpose of taking A PHOTOIRAPH OF TrIcIR DEAD BABY. When our man got there, the tiny child, whioh had only lived an hour, could not pos sibly be photographed, but the husband in esited on having a likeness of the child. So one of our artists made a drawing, and as the photograph was absolutely uselesr, he made itaswell ashe could after the likeness of the baby's beautifulmother, which was hang. ing in their studio. When it was finished the father came one morning to look at the picture. He stood before It for some time, and then went away, saying he would be back presently. Some hore later he came back, rather exoited, and asked to see the portrait again. He stood in frontof it, and then asked that the upper part of the face should be covered up, When we had done so, io said, with intense satisfaction, ' Yes, it is the child ; I recognise it by the lower part of the face.' The man, after leaving us that morning, had gone to a medium and asked to be shown the face of his dead child. How they managed it all I cannot tell, but he cer tainly came back to as with the impression tuat our drawing was the portrait of the angel child he had seen in the medium's room." Factory skim milk Is' much more nutritious alone than Is the whey from cheesomakin, but the skim milk can very cheaply be made quite as nutritious as new milk by the addition of about 8ib. linaeed meal, bailel in four gallons of water to each 1001b. milk, or 41b. emulsitied fat, or 31b. of cod liver or cocoanut oil to each 10 gallons ofskim milk la an excellent thing for calves. The linseod is boiled In water, about 21\. toi and this will form a jelly when About bali a~ plut ci the jelly toeach feed willmake the skim milk equal to new milk as acalf food. Olicake boiled with water ought also to be profitablo and cheap to mix with the skim milk. 