NEWS BY CifilE. (From Evening Sews Correspondents.) The Illness of the Czar. . ♦ ? — — — Latest Bulletin. The Czarewitch as Regent. Fhe Princess Alix at Liradla. The Imperial Marriage. A Grim Coincidence. London, October 26. — A bulletin from Livadia states that the Czar passed a good night. His appetite is better, with no increase of somnolence, but the dropsy is slightly worse. The patient lives chiefly on buttermilk. The Czar received the Sacrament an Sunday last. The Czar has dictated a loving fare well to the Russian people. The Czarewitch has signed all State papers since Thursday last. It is reported at St. Petersburg that the Czarewitck was married to Princess All?: of .Hesse at Livadia yesterday. ; The report, however, has not been con firmed. . ' Princess Alix -was warmly welcomed at Livadia. Triumphial arches were erected across the principal streets of - the town, and the Princess was accorded many Tp»rTf« of popular affec tion. The Princess has been received into the Greek Church, The wedding carriages for the mar riage arrived at Livadia simultaneously' with the mourning coaches ordered for use in the event of the Czar's death. Later. — The Czarewitch and Prin cess A1.it of Hesse were formally betrothed yesterday. The marriage will take place at Livadia either to day or to-morrow. It depends upon tbe condition of the Czar. 10 p.m. — The latest bulletin from Livadia states that the Czar slept a little last night, and rose as usual to-day. The dropsy has cot increased. [A cablegram received on Monday stated that in order to meet the Czar*B wishes with regard to the marriage of the Czare. witch, the authorities of the Greek Church had decided to omit some of the usual formalities on the admission of the Princess. Alix to the orthodox Bussian faith, necessary before tbe marriage. The following is the full programme of the ceremonies which would have been gone through had the Czar's illness not prevented it. It is furnished by the* Czar's Abbot, M. Janyscheff : Her TT'g^'''' will be baptised by being immersed three times in the font. At this ceremony she will be allowed to wear only a single garment, which is » great concession, as the rules of the Chuxc), demand that the person baptised be entirely nude. After that she will be clothed with the ' white garment of the righteous,' and a small golden cross will be hung around her neck, which she must not remove as long an she lives. Hex godfather uxd godmother then receive the burning candles to signify that tha, convert is possessed of the Holy Ghost* The baptism is followed by the unction with myrrh oil, blessed by the head of the . Bussian Church, The officiating priest immerses his right hand in the oil and * makes the sign of the cross on the fore* head, over the closed eyes, the nose, mouth, ears, breast, hands and feet of the dis ciple, pronouncing each time the benedio tion, 'The Holy Ghost thus seals thy membership in the Church.' Then the Princess wUl receive her new name. The future Empress of Russia will be . fortunate in that the ceremony is not to be performed in winter, for the water in the font must not be warmed by artificial means, even if it should be at freezing1 point; A praiseworthy feature of the SusBisn baptism is that it permits only of the bestowal of a single name, in confor mity with the idea that a man or woman is entitled to but one guardian angel, the saint whose name he or she bears, j 