A WIFE'S ! CONFESSION. CHAPTER 3jCVL — (Ooumnoto.) And so the music that filled the nave, aad should have filled liex heart also, was thrown away. She left the church with even . less comfort ihan she had entered it, and betook herself stataonwards — or at least she thought so. Tor though the plan of Marchgrave is eimple enough to anybody who knows it, being cruciform, its very simplicity is a stumbling-block - to strangers, since an alley apparently leading to one limb of the cross is pretty sure to take some unaccountable twist into another. So it.- happened that the nearer sight of masts and Hie sharp smell of shipping warned Marion that she could not be near the station, where she remembered nothing of the kind. And presently she emerged from flie seeming labyrinth upon a narrow quay, from which tall brick ware houses of many storeys towered over the few masts that told how far Ask ness was ahead of Marchgrave. There were no signs of bustle, and few of business, for it was getting late, and, for quietness, she might as well have remained under the shadow of the cathedral tower. Here and there she. bow a grimy Bailor lazily engaged on a grimy deck, and across the black water twinkled the lights of a public house whence a chorus came mellowed. In certain moods] a trifle will make all the difference between simple hope lessness and absolute despair. It is not much to lose one's way in a Bmall town, in which one can never be very far from anywhere ; but to Marion it seemed as if tiiiw loss represented her entire life — she could not find the way to anywhere, in great things or smalL As she looked down 'into the black water — was it madness upon her at last that brought on her a temptation from which she recoiled in terror ? Or was it only the natural feeling of one who had lost her way, not only in Marchgrave, but in life, and. -whose mere existence was worthless* now that her heart had been slain ? A drop into the black water, a moment's struggle, and she would no longer be the daughter of Adam Furness ; no longer hunted and haunted, no longer in this cruel and incomprehensible world, whence her mother, finding no rest in it, had flown. They had left it — her mother and Guy. Why should she remain? Suddenly there burst upon her ears, no longer mellowed by passage across the water,, but hoarse and near, a chorus in which women screamed and men roared- — Bole Britannia ! Britannia rules the 'waves ! Britons never, never, never will be slaves 1 'Halloa!' cried one of the ad vancing Britons. ' Here's jr Bed 'un t Make her join in. 'Hurrah fox. -the bonnets of bluel' ' r ' Yah I you Askness — girl H* cried a Boadicea of the band of Heronites — only she did not say ' girl '-^making a dutch at Marion's hat. Xhere is nothing so calculated to inspire courage in the heart of the average Free Briton, of whatever sex or age, as a perfectly helpless creature, be it cat, pigeon, genius, idiot, savage, seagull, man who is down — and there fore kickable — sensitive boy, or un protected girl. With all our splendid qualities, we are bullies from ^our cradles upward j the -freeborn Briton enjoys nothing so much as a good worry — when he can do so without risk to his own precious skin. It is we, and we alone, who jump upon the wives who are fools enough to let us; who make one another's earlier schooldays into anticipations of hell : who, for the sake of what we call sport, kill or torture every weak creature we can find ; ' and who, for What we Pharisees call civilisation's sake, use the very Bible as a means of bullying those who cannot under stand a word of it into buying our trash — unless they are wise 'enough to show a bold front, and then we cringe. ... , But what has this to do with Marion PurnesB? Nothing ; except that she was one, while the Free Britons were nine or ten ; and that, had they been but one fewer, they might have let Marion's hat alone. ? it was one thing to be tempted by the calmness of the black water quite another to be set upon bf- a crew of Caxactacus and Boadicea. From the water she recoiled ; from the Free BritonB she ran. A shout rang out after her, and steps seemed to follow. But when she reached the first dark entry, she was ?lone, and Never ?will be slaves, Was howling farther and fainter away. Her place of refuge turned out to be the entrance of an unpretending office, at the side of which was painted in black letters on a white ground— w G. JDerwent, Shipbroker.' And scarcely had she realised whither she had wandered aad where she had found refuge when the inner door opened, -and a respectable elderly gentleman issued, well wrapped up in greatcoat and comforter, and drawing on his gloveB carefully. Mr. Pren dergast, of course— he, also, iad be longed to the story of the Sumatra. How strange everything seemed. The real Marchgrave was the phantom of Marchgrave she had known but had sever seen. . __ He looked at her suspiciously. ' Are you -m business?' he asked, 'life after office hours. . .ir.vI beg your pardon. Didn't I see you at &s; T^yTr this morning P Axe you! from Sir John's P* j ' No,' Baid Marion. ' I was fright ened by some people— you can hear them now — and I ran in here. ^1 Wei going to 4jhe station — —-' ' I lost any *»y— t*\ :; .'* \ ? ??.: ?- « H*m 1 thai* an awkward thing to j lose about the Dock* 'to-night, young ! lady ( a very awkward thing indeed. There's mischief brewing, as sure as I stand here.' 'Where la the station? Is it far r* ' Too far for you to walk there by yourself; youil have to go through some bad places, where anything might happen to-night, from what I see. I don't like the look of things at «H. Fd offer to see you thstragh, but ? ' Prudence before chivalry. It was bad enough to be chaffed for murder 5 but the Bell parlor would be no place I for Mr. Prendergast after he had been I seen walking with a strange young ; woman after nightfall ; and he would ; unquestionably be seen. He would simply be roasted to death ; and, then, : what would Mrs. Clapper sayP j « But ? ' I It was ^npt .very light in the pas I sage ; but Mr. Prendergaat always . bought the very best of glasses, and i something aboutthis stray young person I puzzled him. There seemed something about her not unfamiliar to him. It was not merely that he had seen her at the bank that morning ; 'that had nothing to do with it. It was that certain tones of her voice put him in mind of somebody else ; and not only tones of voice, but, the more he came to think of it, her features also. And, j absurdly enough, these intangible I associations were unaccountably con i nected with Sir John Heron — and yet not entirely with Sir John Heron, ! u What train- are you going by ?' he asked, as slowly as he could — which was very slowly indeed — for the sake of another minute's study. 'The next foj? — that stopB at the junction,' said Marion, feeling help less again. 'That'll be the 8.20; not much time to lose. . . . By Jingo !' he exclaimed, if one can exclaim with out -words. ' It ia— and yet it can't be ; why, she's as like that photo graph Mr. .Derwent once left on his desk as if they were twins. And calling in Chapter-lane ! There's more here, as they say, than, meets the eye.' It seemed to be more than met even the best spectacles, with any reason able hope of seeing through. Was she employed in these mysterious transactions which not Mr. Derwenf s own confidential clerk -was allowed to share P It was election time ; could she by any chance be the man, or rather woman, in the moon ? Now Mr. Prendergast, it need not, I trust, be said, was as honest as the day, and no more capable of a breach of confidence than, despite gossip, of murdering V»« master and hiding 'Mm among the coals. But he was in an exceedingly painful position. He was really getting anxious about his em ployer. He was becoming daily more embittered and humiliated by the inventions he had to make in order to hide his ignorance of Mr. Perwenfs very whereabouts ; and he felt posi tive that his inventions were all made in. vain. He seriously believed that he was-laboring under some suspicion of foul play. In short, he was a victim at once of a sense of injustice, of wounded pride, of confidence insultingly withheld, and , of nn selnsh anxiety. If he only knew what the secret was, he could conspire to keep it, he was sure, as well as any man. But how could he help to keep a secret he was not allowed to share ? Under such circumstances, curiosity and the awakening .of the detective . spirit at the touch of. opportunity -were, I cannot help thinking, for once somewhat more than pardonable. If we don't want our servants to pry, we must reasonably try them ; and these are not days in which the detective spirit need have the faintest fear of being too much despised. Being a shy bachelor, he had not the least notion of how he was going to set about the process of pumping'. But. that he should succeed he did not for a moment doubt ; for, being a simple minded man, he had the profoundest faith hi his own cunning. If Prudence before Chivalry, Curi osity before Prudence. 'There,' he said recklessly, 'I wilL' 'Will ? f' ' See you to the station,' said he. ' At least, show you the way. These are dangerous times, Miss—— I didn't quite catch the name P' 'You are very kind, Mr. Prender gast,' said Marion, absently. ' Now—- 'How should she know my name f' asked he. ' I'm right ; there is something more than meets the eye,' he thought, as, still pulling on his gloves, they left the doorway. When did you see Mr. _ Derwent last — if I may inquire f And I hope he ie well?' Marion had been warned by her father to show no surprise, whatever she might see— ?whatever, she might: hear. But she started now, even bo that Mr. Prendergast could see. What could he know of her P 'What ? Why do you think I know Mr. J-erwentP' she asked— weakly, it must be owned. ** And what ma\rtta yon feWwir jay name's Prendergast, ehf ' thought he, but did not say so. ' You see, Miaa — Miss — as Mr. I-erwent?s clerk, his con fidential clerk, . jbft understand, I know all about Mr. Derwenf s afiairs ; there are naturally no secrets from, me.' 'Then you know where he is now F* she asked, a wild hope rising within -her. ~ ?-.????'?? ' ' . * Wiry, of course 1 do.' \ «Oh — ~ Where IP'' cried Marion, forgetimg^everythin^butpne. \ ''That is to sayi '«f ' course 'ntft ex-. actly at this minute— let me see ; where would he be now? Pve a shocking bad head for names.' ? 'Mr. Prendergast,' said Marion, hesitating jio more, seeing how much hung upon what answer .Bhe might receive, 'tell me truly, for -3k-d*s sake, when you lasiheardfrom ham- Mr. Derwent*- and from where.' -. -? * « Why— what does Qua mean?' asked Mr. Prendergast, catching some thing of her excitement. ' It means — it means that I have a right' to know.' 'Bless my soul! And don't you knowP' he asked, his own hope fading as hers struggled to rise. ' I know nothing. Doyouf ' And what is your right to know, iflmaybesoboldP* ** We were great friends. I was to have been his wife,' said she. He could not see her face, but he heard something like a sob, which was suppressed instantly. Now many a man Would have thought it queer, to. say the least of it, that a young woman should have been prowling about the office under such singular circutn. stances as attached to the Marchgrave mystery. But to Mr. Prendergast, being a tender-hearted person, with a head which he believed to be as hard as the heart which he took to be harder than the nether millstone* her situation became at once as clear as'day. 'I see ! I see ! You've not heard from Mr. Guy, and you've come to hear of him. No wonder— no won der! You've not heard of him, then?' « No ? ' ' No more have L' Out went her last hope before it was lighted. How could she have been so foolish as to let the ghost of hope enter into a life like hers — the ghost, where the substance had never been ? ' ' And nobody has heard? Has no body tried to find ? ' ' There's only one in the world knows — Sir John Heron. Well, if people don't write to their sweet hearts, I suppose their clerks mustn't complain.' Sir John Heron — always Sir John Heron ! 'And what does he say?' asked Marion, in a tone so cold that Mr. Prendergast fancied he had heard a heart breaking. 'He says^ — Patience. My dear young lady— for that you are, or you'd never have been the intended of a gentleman from his hat to his boots like Mr. Guy — my dpar young lady, Fm beginning to fhink all sorts of things. What Sir John does must be right, because he's Sir John ; and he was my poor principal's great friend. And 'tis my belief that Sir John don't know -what's come of him no more than you or me j but that he's search ing high and low for him, and keep ing it dark for fear of scandal and the business going to the dogs before he turns up again. That would be juet like Sir John — always generous, and considerate, and wise. But — this way to the station — r— ' ' I am not going to the station,' said Marion. ' Where then P' 'To The Cedars. Which is the way?' ' The Cedars 1' 'Yes; to Sir John Heron's. What ever happens — I must know whatever anybody knows. You are Guy's— his friend ; but you. can't know, nobody can know, what this means tome. It isn't only that Pve lost him ; it means '?— but what am T saying? . . . Whatever comes of it, I must see Sir John Heron. . . . There, it is striking 3; I cannot catch my train. Yes ; I meant to stay here.' 'Heavens!' thought Mr. Prender gast, 'this will never do. I can't let her go to The Cedars — I'm afraid I've gone and put my foot in it after alL . . . No, my dear young lady ; you can't go all the way there— no. And you wouldn't find Sir John, if you did, I happen to know; and — Patience ? ' « Patience 1' Just then they reached the flaring High-street, where a dense crowd blocked the entire space between the Guildhall and the BelL Somebody seemed to be haranguing somewhere, in a voice frantically shrill, and was answered with all sorts of clamors — laughter, groans, hoots, and roars. ' What is it? ' asked Mr. Prender gast of a constable. ' I don't know what it is, sir, but it don't look well for to- morrow. The town is getting just mad against Morland.' ' And what are you police going to do?' 'His Worship has given strict orders to let everything alone ? ' ' Quite right — quite right ; nothing like oil on the waters — plenty of oiL' « And, begging your pardon, sir, to advise all ladies and gentlemen .to go home.' ' I want to see Sir John Heron,' said Marion. . ' Then, miss, you'll have to go to his committee room, and that's no easy matter just now.' . 'It's impossible,1' said Mr. Prender gast. ' You can see him to- morrow— -at the bank, .709 know, or the GuildhalL Yon— *-' ; At that moment' the crowd swayed backward, and pushed all three Marion, Mr. Prendergast, and the constable— into the archway of the BelL . . « Aht' panted Mr. Prendergast, ' that's] settled. You'll have to stay here to-night ? Mrs. Clapper's a Mend of mine, and Fll step in. . . .: I don't know what to think. . , . But if youil come in -here for .tike night— — To-morrow ??' Just then tip went-* great roar, as the orator gave out the word ' Mur der 'in a high-pitched scream, answered by a clattering in. the inn, aad a rush of boots and ostler to dose the big doors. (20 »s cosrnxvsD.y An annual religious carnival took place early in August in the Flemish town of Fumes. It dates from remote times, and iai& zealitf « Passion play, ?cted In forty groups, including -the cliief epiBt-desof the Saviour's life, and ending with the -3ruci- fhdon. Enormous crowds witneued it from all parts of Belgium, v . v ., *eiddy««Bk hat* alipw^tr. jnpttfriMomMn. awmhmiMl, stm! flnntbi*. 4S86ade78£tetg*«tnat. :-Jb,_ ??;,..; -.: ??,? -. :?.*?-????. -r&&* . - ' .--??-? 