THE FINANCES OP FEDERATION. Now that: the Premier lias asked the question whether our neighbors are prepared to favorably consider the subject of federation and to bring it down from the clouds to the plane of every man's comprehension, we may he very sure that the answers lie will receive will he in tlie aliirinativo. But in entering upon this mucli-discflssed, although, at tlie same time, l'eebly- coii- siderod question, there are certain matters which should clearly he kept in view. A thorough comprehension of the finances of federation is essen tial. It is not too much to say that, as far as enactment: is concerned, it is al most wholly a question of finance, and that upon the arrangement: of tlie fin ancial and commercial details so as to work with tho minimum degree of friction and 1 lie maximum degree of fairness to all concerned, the political success of combination will mainly de pend. Mr. lteid himself once wrote:— "The movement has not yet advanced beyond the oratorical stage, and the average Australian falls an easy prey to rhetoric. He is quite a different sort of mail when lie comes to tlie transaction of business; then lie is de liberate, almost to slowness, with a keen eye to his own interests," and he added, "Children have been known to shut their eyes and open their months when tempted with the prospect of something very nice, hut the Austra lian colonies will not swallow federa tion in that way." We entirely agree with this statement of tlie position iu 1S!U, and consider it almost equally applicable to 1804. Tlie people must he shown clearly where the advantage —tlie cash advantage— is to he found, that tliey may enter into tlie pros and cons of this many-sided question with their eyes fully open. I11 tlie first place, then, federation involves a customs union. That this intercolonial l'reetrade would enlarge our provincial markets so as to reach fairly adequate national dimensions is generally admitted. At the same time, there would he many products of ma nufacture. of which even federated Australia could not attempt: to restrict tlie importation without initiating seri ous burdens upon tho people, and that New South AVales is not prepared to inflict them the recent elections trium phantly proved. That in enter ing into a bond with our neigh bors some concession would have to he made to their predilections is in evitable, aud would have to he faced; and concession on all sides must be the prevalent aspect of any successful movement. But our eyes must he open to tho limits of sucli concessions, and tiicy would have to he defined before any commitment of this colony could he made, New South AA'ales holds the key to tlie position. At tlio present time our neighbors are far more will ing to meet us fairly than they were in 1S01, and it would he yrell if at the outset some broad basis were put to tliem for tlieir acceptance or refusal, so that we should know where we stand. Even Sir George Dibbs recog nised this when lie told Sir James Patterson that lie thought New South AA'ales would not he a party to any joint tariff which was more than re venue-producing. AA'e, here, should far prefer a l'reetrade tariff pure aud sim ple. It would in the long run he found more to the advantage ot' Australians generally. But reluctantly admitting that pampered, protected, and bounty- fed industries would he scared by the ghost of such a beneficent provision, what is tlie nearest approach to it we can secure? AVhat is tlie farthest de parture from it we would accept? AA'e should court the expression of public opinion, both here aud in Victoria, upon this vital point. AVe should then know where we stood, and what pros pect there existed of carrying the ne gotiations through. When Mr. Service four years ago said there were lions in the path of federation, this was un doubtedly tlie fiercest But adversity has possibly made the lion less fierce than lie was, and at any rate we must test liis strength. Should we be able to overcome this guardian of tlie stronghold of provin cialism, there are lesser combats to face, to which, however, there would then be less difficulty iu predicting a successful issue. There would be trou ble concerning the excise duties, which entirely affect internal industries: and the brewers and distillers, and tobacco manulaoturers. would lie keenly alive lo readjustments of their, lit. present, differing burdens. The bonus system iu various of the colonies, and the exclusion from genoral competition in regard to provincial Government, con tracts, arc other points which could not lie overlooked. Then, too, with nil fiscal barriers removed, railway com petition. unless curbed, might, lie car ried to disastrous limits: and it is a great question whether Hie whole of the railways should not he federated. There are many savings to he effected, many benefits to lie derived, from the joint regulation nnd control of the railways of Australia. Tho absorp tion of the debts is yet another big question in itself. lint, next: to the joint, tariff, the equitable apportion ment: of tlie surplus revenues is Hie most, important and difficult, point, lo he dealt with. A population basis is quite unfair, and the plan of division contained in tlie GommonweallU Bill was Impossible. To New South AA'ales it. Is altogether necessary to secure an adequate distribution of the joint re venue to which her contributions would be larger per head than those of neighboring colonies: and in this way. it will lie seen, tlie finances of federation are the key to Itie whole position. This must lie thoroughly un derstood if we wisli to sleer clear of the numerous rocks and whirlpools which lie right in our coutse. 