THE PHANTOM HORSEMAN.H A TALE OF TASMANIA. BY C.R.G. Tnere are more things in heaven and earth; Horatio, than are dreams of in your philo eophy.-Shakspeare. I may preface the following true story by stating thyt I have not, and never had, any belief in the supernatural.' Spirits-unless in a liquid state-I reckon but the myths of the superstitions; spiritualism I estimate as arrant humbug, and the so-called supernatural appearances and extraordinary "manifesta tions" of which we hear so much merely the natural result of trickery imposing upon mental weakness. I firmly believe that all the singular pheno mena produced by mediums, clairvoyants, thought-readers, ec toc genus om ne, are the outcome of human ingenuity or jugglery, and may be readily accounted for by those who dip deeply into scientafe lore, or who may happen to be 'expert professors of the art of legerdemain. So great indeed is my contempt for the ghostly fra ternity that I would as lief sleepin a church yard as in a hotel, were it not for the inconvenience which would undoubtedly be caused by the hardness of a tomb stone for a pillow; and feel eure that no respectable ghost would resent myin truslon into the neighborhood of his prison house. But I am, of course, open to convio tion. Spirits I am pre to believe in just so soon as ther will. consent to give over such crolboy pranks as rap ping table legs, clashing musical instruments, etc.,-ad will volunteer to do something useful to humanity, snob, for in stance, as to give a hard-up pressman the straight tip for the next Melbourne Cup., An amiable and well trained bona fide ghost might be made extremely useful in many ways. On the staff of an evening journal, for example, such an acquisition would be worth untold gold would, in fact, prove a mine of wealth worth half a dozen Coolgardies. Fanoy being able, by spirit express, to give a couple of colum of illustrated deecripTion of the wreck ef the Alert hall an hour after-or for the matter of that, Alsf an hour before-it ihappened, with a full list of the men's names and their photographs ! Or, to give the full scores of our boys' cricket matches in England before they were played. From a utilitarian point of view it is evident the denizens of spirit land, if they really existed, should command every success in their overtures to mortals, instead of which theyhaveonlycontrivedhithertotomakethem selves extremelyridiculous and untrustworthy. If, as I said before, one of them will give me the Cup tip I will promise with my winnings to found a "Spirits' Retreat" somewhere n Bouverie street, and undertake to provide the poo- perturbed spirits with chairs, tables, banjos, tambourines, etc., ad lib. for their recreation. It was in Tasmania, about 22 years ago that I saw the Phantom Horseman. The title is a purely fanciful one, as for reasons above stated, I no more believe that he was a phantom than I believe in the libels written about Australian pronunciation. The time was, appropriately enough, midnight. It was pitchy dark, and inky thunderclouds covered the firmament and hung over the earth like a funeral pall. A fitting time and night indeed for the perambnlations of unearthly visitants, yet I was young, tired, and hungry, andsy only thought was to get home to a comfortable fire and something to eat. Certainly thoughts of ghosts never entered my head. I was riding homewards from a country house known as I' The Bend" (not the Yarra Bend, incredulous reader) situated on the North Esk river. The lateness of the hour, and the threatening storm induced me to, arge my horse to ai hand gallop, and just as I turned into a narrow lane about a mile from home the, storm burst in all its fury. And it was furious ! Torrents of rain descended-each drop seemed a bucketful; peals of thunder scceededeachother with startlingand deafen ing rapidity, and flash after flash of sheet lightning at intervals of a few seconds lit up the scene and renderedevery object as plainly visible as at midday. The lane I was riding in was a very narrow footpath-so narrow that in -alloping alaong - m feet brushed against the gorse hedges on either aide of me. There was no roomfor even a sheep to pass my horse in the lane; of that I am certain. In fact it was not once in six months that anybody ever rode along the path; it was Imerely intended for foot passengers, and I had only ridden into it in the hope of getting home by the nearer way in time to avoid a drenching. About half way up the lane a flash of lightning more vivid than usual lit up the sene, and to my horror it showed me another horseman a few paces in front of me, also riding at full gallop, and coming from the place to which I was making. The lightning's flash enabled me to see everything clearly. Tht man was mountedon a grey horse, and was dressed in a light grey tweed suit, felt hat pressed down over his eyes, and top boots. He had no overcoat, but a comforter of some kindwrapped roundhis throat. The feeling of horror I experienced was not be cause of any superstitiouns fear, but simply because I took horse and rider to be composed of flesh, blood and bone, like myself and my steed, and knew that under the cir cumstances a collision was inevitable. iWe were only a couple of lengths apart, both riding at a gallop, and there was not the slightest possibility of passing each other or of pulling up ourhorses. We were as certain to run into each otheras the Camperdown into the Victoria when Admiral Tryon gave his fatal order. I involuntarily shut my eyes and awaited the shock. A couple of seconds suspense and nothing happening, I opened them again. Another flash of lightning came, ad lo lIo my horseman had disappeared, nd I could see right up the straight lane to the white gate at the end. I niled up, turned round and at the next flash looked back whence'I had come. The lane was empty, nor was there any sign of living thing in the fields oneither side of the gorse hedge. Well, I rode on home in a state of simple bewilderment. The horseman. must have called at the house in order to get the key of the gate leading into the lane, but enq?iry there only 'intensified the mystery, as no one had called since I left five hours previously. and the gate wars, as usual, securely padlocked for the lane was a private one and "no thoroughfare " to the general publio. Then Ibegan to think I hadat last een a real live ghost. 