ECHOES. DROKREN IEATS AND POLITICS. * In wae out .roolkwll way nod at the time .the general uluotiono woro in full blast. The nilght was Arctio in its coolnes' nod the 'Beauotiful Snow" glistened on the aourrouond ing hills in the starry light. Two younog hearts beat happily ns their ownerro at 0on fkiondly log in the ounbhurbs of the little city whloh wan?t a railway. There wno a great tlrtnen all round, and the annotity o0 the situation wao not nmarred for seoveral minutles even by the impalpable ghost of an absent nound. But in an evil moment the lord of the sitouation oventured an opinion on political matters, and shaowed hio utter imbcoility in talking to a pretty girl of anything but herself. Ho got very closer to her and whioperued that he wao going to vote for Rose. The effort tired him and wearied her, nod there wos another period of solemn iloncoe. Sho broke it at last by remarking that Rose waon't up to muoh becausao he wouldn't givo women a vote. That broke things up, nd the two young and hopeful beings who had toorned the cold and the other comfort leao surroondiogo in order to be alone togethoer lot opaco grow between them and beoamu eolder than iouborgo. Ho wuantlod to know if she expected to he bosn and if aho thought moro of "woman's rights" than ohe did of himn, because if uho did he would take hi, broken heart away and hunoot up como other girl who would heal it and hold it foreover in her loving and ponflding possoession. She said he could do ano he pleased; she believed Sit "woman'as rights," and sho hadn't a brasi farthiog'o worth of faith in Roso, and cho wasn't going to be dictated to by anyone. Sn they parted and each stalked majeestiontly homewards, with a ntiff upper lip, and with w~anrineus and dejeotion in their hearts. And for the breotking of these too young heartr, ond the buroting of their "lovo's young dream," Mr. Bose i indiretly reasponiblo. His triumph at the election will live in tho hearts of the youth and the maid, a memory whiolh may be either a sweut or a bitter one. 