Short Story. THE CROSS-ROADS GHOST. Many superstitions still linger in cortain parts of Georgia ? among tho simplor, loss ouligbtened olass of pooplo, but it wan far worao boforo tho war. Then tho country was filled with haunted gravoyards, haunted houses, and other favorito resorts for ghosts, where thoy wero mipposod to prowl at any hour between sunset and sunriso. At tho OroB9-Roads in Poa-R-dgo sottlo ihont wns ono of thoso haunted gnivoyards. To bo sure, no ono eould say positively that ho had ot-er soon anything there more ghostly 'than a white shoop. or a cow browsinsr placidly among the grass-grown mounds, but tho plaoo was avoided by white and blaok. It wasau old graveyard, with a deserted ohurch standingin its midst, a church mouldy nnd ?wcather-boaton, with doors roady:to fall from their rusty hing'.s, and gaping shutter less windows. No religious services wero ovor hold iu it, at tho dato of this story, ana it afforded shelter for stray sheep and was a roostintj place for bats and owls. Tho Mor gans lived just up the road from it,' but the Morgan negroes were as shy of tho placo as thoso further away. Miss Sary Ann Morgan was tho terror not only of hor own household, — or rather her brother's household, — but of tho eritiro Bottlomont. Sho rul6d hor ensy-goin/r bro ther, hor meek 'Spirited sister Miss Caroline, nnd tho nogroo', and it was a soro trial to her that she could not fully subduo Olom her brother's daughter. But tho girl had spirit of hor own, and it was a constant struggle botweon them who should como off viotorious, ; whon their wills olasned.! Work was tho watchword of Miss Sary Ann's life, and tho hum of spinning-wheels and tho olaok of looms could be beam on tbo i plantation from daylight until dark, whilo few holidays were granted. It was a source of rogrot to Miss Sary Ann that sho could not ovorseo the work of tho field-hands as woll as tho household servants. Tho no^roea fearqd and disliked her, for sho could not only scold but punish thorn. ,,,, . ? Olcm lovod her gentle aunt Caroline, but Miss Sary Ann sho regarded simply as a tneioriiBtress. Miss Sary. ^determined that tho girl should havo proper training, though it proved ono of the hardest tasks of her life, — Ulotn had Ruoh saucy wilful ways, such a Inuokfor avoiding tho unlovely duties put upon her. Sho was taught to spin, to woavo, to sow, and to cook, and her tasks set just tho Baao as the negroes. , Miss Sary Ann protested bitterly against tho foolishness of sending Clem away to Bohool. 'Mind my words, Jeff Morgan, you'll bo sorry for it when aho comes baok so stuok up an' lazy there'll not bo , any Iivin' in tho house with' her. Tho winter sohoolin' u goodonouRh for most o' thn neighbors' ohildron, an' I don't seo why it ain't for Oloinontino. GirlB ain't no businesB with much book-loarmi}',' sho said. 1 Tho winter sohoolin' is all right as far as it goes, Sary Ann; but beoauso I ain't got much education is no reaBon for not givin' Clomsoino. She's got a hotter chanoo than I had in my raisin',' said Jeff, drawing tho ' tall, bright-faced girl to his sido. 1 But haven't you got along just as woll in tho ?world ?' demanded his sister, severely. ' Maybe so ; but as I haven't tried tho other way, 1 don't know,' with a touoh of wuunsical humor. You'll have to, give in this time, Sary Ann. I ain't interfered much with your trainin' o' Clem, but I want to take a hand in it now.' ? ?- So Clom wont away ono day, and Miss Caroline wiped her eyes furtively on tho coruoi1 of her apron, for fear her sinter might eeo her foolishly weeping, and tho negroes wore disconsolate. Education in the South was a much simpler ?thing iu thoso days than it is now, and in tho year the finishing tonohos to tho 'winter eohoolin' had been completed and Clem Morgan returned homo. She was tho same bright, fearloss croaturo that sho had ever been, and yet changes had boon brought by that briof contact with the world throutrh a boarding-school- Her manners had caught :& dnintior polish, she had learned certain littlo coimeits of dress, and knew in an inno 'contclinraiing way.howtomako tho most of wryontii and good looks, aho could em broider, sho could dance with exquisite grapo; and I must say that those accomplishments vero more admired by her neighbors than her knowledge of books. Sho woro her full flowing skirts' long, and put up hor brown hair in a casoado oFcurls, with it few soft be witching little ringlets drawn down ovor her tomples. 1 1 know sho'd be spiled,' said Sary Ann, oyiug her libbouB and pretty flower-trimmed bounots with stern disapproval. But no ono Blso in the household found fault with llor, . ? ??? ????:., .: :???.? ? ? ?'?..-. - ; ' Ain't pho smart, Ca'linoP' said Jeff Mor gan, rubbing his hands together with a chuckle of Might. . . . ' Nobody would think aho : belonged to us,' itmit humble-minded, loving spinster ro ': plied. . . ,. . '. i ?' Clem was a sensiMo, .; lovable girl, or shs Wight havo been BpoUod by the admiration . sh^roceived, though she herself doolared that jt ^-would bo impossible as long as she lived ?? /°-Ii Sary Ann. Clem's admirers wero not -. /ifiiiod to the members , of iher family. ?Bailors appeared, and then the Bmooth cur rents of hor lifo beoame , very stormy.' For out of all tho beaux , who oamo a-, wooing Jeff Morgan's daughter, she set her -heart on John Grissom, ;Miss Sarv?s apeoial aver won. .?';''. ???.:''.??. Jin was good-looking, intelligent, and the admiration of tho country for -his athletio Btrungth and his fino '.: courago. In ft wreBtle or bund to-hand . fight.ho , oould nptbo con- ': quorod by any ohampionwho had over ontered loaRidgoBottlement. .?'?':' t ' He's lazy an1 itriflin1 an' without a epark ? o r«Hgi0U in his wholo, body,' said Miss Sary Ann, Botting her lips firmly togothor. ' Ho iieoda't think o' oonjin' round hero spar kin'.' ' . . ' But he's not obliged to work, Sary Ann,' lomoustratod her brother, mildly. 'His wthor owns inoro niggora than auy- other pmninthoBetUemont.' ' What o' that? Mustwownit tol wo uro forood to work ? Il'n ii In/.y man that'll -lo it. Beoauso his pain rich nin't nimxcusi! for him to 1 io always gallopin' ovor Hui pMU-. meut with a panic o' IiouikIm at hi:- lirnln, a-huntiii*. 01(nnftnt.i7n- nci cli-u'l lit; tliinkin' o' John(tii--ii)iii, I ii'l! -nii ' But Clnnii'iiliin- ilultliiuk of bun -i ;M,at deal, and piiiiiillnl him Ii. nd,. hniiu fmni ? moot in1' willi ln-r, iiuiniiii' Mi' ? Hny Ani.'n ungiy ?.I'lildin-; in auylliin;: lint h im i-U spirit. Wonln inn liijrli, Mi.(-i Hnry Ann forbade such a (lung rxcuriiug again, mid Clem paHtional»ly ikclarod that if Joiuuoiild not come, no ono eloo nliould. 'As iC I euro !' fiuid hor aunt, scornfully. 'It ain't thorn that marrips thai, is Imppictt.' And Clom flod to Miss Carolino, wooping Btormily. But tho stragglo ended in appnrpnt tri umph for Miss Sary Ann. Joff Morgan had not tho courage to stand up against hor temper and shrewish tong^uo. Ho had sub mittbd' to hor tyrannical will too long to throw off tho yoko, and persuaded himsolf that Clom would soon ororoomo tho fancy. Ho lilted John Grisaoin, ho soorotly admired him for hits superb strength and foarleasnosa, but if Sary Ann said that it was godlessnoss, ho did So Clem wont about tho house with heavy eyas and a rebollious ourvo in hor lips. Miss Sary Ann kept suoh a doso watch ovor hor that oveu chance meetings with her lovor woro not very satisfactory. Sho sat in the dining-room ono afternoon, ' piocin' quilti' and indulging in aomo bitter thoughts, when — 1 Hist I Miss Clom, Miss Clom, yo' iu dar?' camo in a shrill whispor from tlwwindow by tho chiranoy-oornor, and awoolly hoad and a vory blaok face appoarod abovo tho window sill. Clem looked up listlossly from tho work. ' What do you want, Davo?' ? 'Mars' John sontyo' dis,' holding up a folded papor. Tlio girl soattorcd hor quilt-pieces right and left, tho color flying to her faco. ' Wlioro did you soo him, Davo ?' 'Down in do big road.' Tho note was but a lino hastily sorawled on a slip. of papor, but Clem's heart beat quickly as sho road : 1 TVfnnf. mn n.fc f.lin r!rnBH-T?rtn^n nlmrnli to-night, Clom, my dearest. I must seo you.' ' Clomontino !' ,, Davo's head vanished from tho window, and his young misti'oss barely had timo to thrust tho noto into hor work-basket beforo Miss Sary Ann ontered tho room. 'Why don't you bring in that piece o' cloth bloachin' on tho grass in tho back yardP It does seem to mo, Clementine, that you get moro and more negleotful ovory day o' your life, an'— — -' ' I will bring in tho oloth this instant, Aunt Sary,' said tlio girl eagorly, and in her haste to escapo, sho upset tho basket. Sho hurriedly gathered up tho work, but, alas, not the innooent littlo noto, and she had just disappeared from tho room when hor aunt's sharp eyes fell on it. She pioked it up and read it. ' Aha ! that is what thoy are up to, is it P meotin' at the Cross-Roads,' she muttered, grimly, hor oy«s scintillating, her gray hair tairly standing on end with indignation. 'What s tho mattor; Sary Ann?' in quired Miss Carolino, entering tho room rather timidly, but Miss Sary Ann paid no heed to hor. ' They're bound to havo their own way, arotheyP Well, we'll seo. If talHn' an' scoldin' won't do, thon I'll try some other way o' teachin' them thoy can' t go ag'in' ' What ails you f hor sister again inquired, curiosity overcoming prudenco. ' Read, that, an' you'll see,' she said, fling ing tho noto to her. 'Dear! dear !' ejaculated Miss Oarolino, and sat down, trembling, not with anger, but in fear of tho punishment laid up for luckless Clem. Sue remembered certain tender passagos in her own youth, and secretly sympathized with tho young pooplo. ' You'll not bo hard on her, Sary A.nnP* she said, ontroatingly. ' I'm determined thoy shan't marry, if I have to look her up. It's a case for severe measures, Ca'lino, an' I'll try skoorin' her out of tho foolishness.' ? '?' La !' gasped Miss Carolino. 'Yes. I'm goin' to play the graveyard ghost to-night whon sho passes by, an' I don't think sho'll want to seo John GrisBom again, certainly not at the Cross-Roads. Tho ideo o' them 'pintin' a meetin' right under my noso, as it were! I'll show 'em what I can do. If I don't ekeer the lifo out o' 'em!' Timid, superstitious jliss Carolinp shivered and oast an involuntary glance behind her. ' But won't you bo afraid ?' Miss flary Ann sniffed contemptuously. ?Afraid? No. Don't bo a plum fool, Ca'lino.' 'But you know that plaoo is really ha'nted. It hasn't boon long sinco Andy, comin' from' his wifo's house, was mighty nearsKoorod to doatn pasain tnoro. Waat it you was to soo somethin' f ' 'I'm not a coward', afraid o' my own shadder. But don' t you toll Clementine any thing about this, or I'll ? ' She did not finish tho threat, but Miss Caroline faltered and promised to keep silent, though it cost her a sore pang to do Dave crept softly out from tho chimney corner, his black face twisted into a queor grimace, his eyes shining liko beads. ' Ho was a tall, wiry boy, about seventeen years old, unusually shrewd aud quiok witted, and tho soapogoat of the plaoo. Ho was charged wHh all the untraceablo stealing and lying and various other misdemeanors, and ho hated MiBS Sary Ann as strongly as ho loved Clem. -Her plan to frighten his young mis tress filled him with wrath and terror. ' Do debbil gwino get dat 'onian, sho',' ho muttered between his sharp whito teeth .. If ho could only turn her own sohomo against her ! .Could ho pluck up courage to enter tho graveyard after dark P Daro ho risk hor wrath should she disoover the trick P But what a swoet revenge it would bo to ? soaro her ! It would not only bo a righte ous defonco of Miss Clementine, but would repay him for somo of tho lashings he had received. While thinking tho matter over, ho inadvertently strolled around the corner of the houso where Miss Sary Ann could Beo him from the kitchen door. ' You Davo,' she instantly soreamed, 'what do you moan idlin' there, an' the pigs not fed, nor the cows turned into the lot ? It's a wonder tome your bones don't drop to pieces with laziness.' ?'?.-?????.? Ho scampered nimbly away towards tho baruB and. stables, shaking his fist at her when safely hidden from her ey os That evening, Miss Sary Ann, having secured, a largo sheet — it would not require a. very elaborate ghost to frighten the girl, sho argued — slipped out through tbo baok gate, walkod by the lot and-tho scopo of woods beyond, and entered tho graveyard. Davo, lying under the applo- trees m the baok yard, , roao and stealthily followed her. . ...J.ne niuou wuhhoiu^, »uu Buvurj ouniu] ui light marked the openings between;tho trees, falling hero on an uncovered mound,; there on a whitewashed head-board. The windows in tho old ohuroh were like blaok. eyeless sookete, and an owL hooted dismally as it flew undor the oaves. If Miss Sary -Ann'B ?co^urago weakened and she thought ? of tho unpleasant stories oonueoted with thoplaco, her steady, unfaltering steps did not betray it. . Not so with tho boy stealing .like a. shadow after her. His knees quaked, ;his cowardly soul grew faint within him. Every snapping twig, every fantastic shadow, mado his wool stand on ond, sent a fresh ague . of terror over him. At tho edge of the grave - yard .ho hesitated an instant, tempted to throw off hiB disguLjo and tako to his hoels, but tho romombraneo of past injuries and tho thought of sorviug his young mistress nerved him to skulk in among tho graves. Miss Sary Ann stationod horself under n, low spreading oodar near tho roadsido, am Davo crawled nlowly and cautiously nour hor, croiinhing behind n \i\\\v of lonsnntonnH. TIiiih thoy waited, while tho moon virnc. higher, mid thn liiystoriouj'-looking .'hadowM falling ovnr thcr graviM shifted their poHiHoim and ii'sunmd now Hlitipoa. A glio.stly wind ?primg up in some! hinclc hollow of tlio wcioiIh, iwi'jit. ovor tlio burying ground, rattled tho tottoriiiK e.huruh iloors, and passed sighingly uway. Tho ?uporstitiouH npgro crouoliRil luwor in his hiding placo to osoiipo tho npiritH ol tho night. It was n, griiosomo spot for a lovora' tryst, but John Grissom, not fooling afraid of ' man, boast, or dovil,' could not concoivo (if cowardico in othors, in Clom least of all Clem walkod down tho road, Binging softly to keop up hor courago, hor oyw straying in unwilling fascination towards tho grave yard. Socrotly sho wished that hor lovor had soleoted sonio moro choorful spot for tho mooting, but the thought of seoiug him moved her to hasten on. It was tho moment Miss t?ary Ann had boon impiitiontly waiting for, and ouvolopcd iu tho shcot with only nil nnnninn- ]nti~. fni* Tir»r nv»« f/i hnlmlri miti enjoy tho girl's torror, sho slowly roflo and stopped out from nndor tho cedar. At tho samo iiistant Davo mado his appouranco in tho full sheen of moonlight, and Clem had a pair of ghosts to eomtomplato. Tho boy had allowed his imagination full play in his make-up, and tho effect was truly marvellous. Naturally blaok as tho aoo of spades, ho lirfd; adorned his face with broad ohalk rings. A : whito skull-cap,with horns attached, on his hoad, and a long shapeless whito covoring ovor his body, .gavo Tiim a tnily satariic appcaranoo. ' It was altogother too; much for Olom. For a moment she stood as though transfixed in tho reddust of tho. road, then, catehing a glimpso of her lovor hastening from tho church steps, sho uttered a shriek of mingled joyand torror, and fled straight to hiB armsi Then it was Miss Sary Ann's turn to seo tho other ghoat, and at first she simply stared with unbelioving eyes at it. Had tho thing risen out of tho solid earth, or materialised from tho empty air? She felt hor hair rising; stiffly, hor blood seemed to bo congealing in hor veins. Herikneos shook, her hoart bo pn.T*io, no Ttrn tat* ? . , ' . ? ' It was retribution. Satan himself had como for;her. She who would have scoffed1 at: ghosts, flouted the cowardly terrors of others, boasting of her own iron norvo, felt amply punished at that momont. Elated with his success, Dave uttered a sepulchral groan and advanced a pace towards her. With a scream that startled tho bats and tho owls and raised a hundred echoes, sho stumbled over a grave and fled up tlio road homo, trailing her ghostly draperies after her. It was so good an illustration of tho old story, 'Run, whito devil, blaok dovil catch you,' tho nogroo3 wero fond of telling, that John Grissom shouted with laughter and urged on the flight. The poor woman heard him, but, in her demoralized stato of mind, im agined it to bo a domoniac laughter. Sho had been completely routed, hor arrogant courago gone, har dignity upset. The faster she ran tho greater her terror, and when sho reached tho houao, sho stumbled up tho piazza steps and fell at her brother's feet, ( begging him to save her. It throw the household and tho nogro quarters into great commotion, for tho news that Miss Sary Ann had soon tho dovil flow like the wind over tho place. The negroes did not doubt it ; the only wondor was that he did not got her. After hearing his sister's account of tho mattor, Jeff Morgan walked down to tho Cross Roads ; but iho burying ground lay half in shadowy half in moonlight, deserted, peaceful with the melanoholy peaco of death. Clem and her lover were pacing up and down tho road, talking, and Morgan kindly ordered thorn to go with him to tho houso to finish their conversation, as ho did not wish Clem to run any risk of being borno away by ovil spirits. Sober daylight thoughts convince 1 Miss Sary Ann that she had been imposed upon, but it was too lato to roaasort her author ity. ' I don't seo as it's any use to keop up this foolishness,' said hor brother. 'You didn't seem to haw muoh success in skeorin' Clem: so I think that we'll let her and John marry.' ? ? '. Sho was not silenced, but as the story of tho ghost leaked out in tho settlement, she waa bo scourged with jests and jeera that ahe was glad to yield. . As for Davo, ho kept tho seorot of his part in th at adventure, ardently as he longed to tell it, for ho know that if Miss Sary Ann loarued tho truth his punishmont would bo' sovore. Ho waa part of Clementine's mar riage dowry, and years after hohadbecomo a faithful and highly valued house-servant ho confessed to her his sharo hi that ghost walking at the Crosa-Roads.— Matt Grim. 