CURRENT TOPICS. SNAKES.—On Sunday afternoon two lads named Frank Webster and Marriott Wells while walking in the neighbourhood of the Punch Bowl came across a lively specimen of the black snake tribe. They were accompanied by two dogs—a fox terrier and a retriever. The snake on being disturbed succeeded in gaining its hole, but the dogs instituted a search and bur- rowed into the earth, finally catching the reptile and drawing it into daylight by the tail. The fox terrier then caught it cen- trally and shook it vigorously. The lads fearing the dogs would be bitten took the snake from the terrier and despatched it, when it was found to measure fully 3ft. in length. Snakes appear to be showing plentifully this season, and pedestrians will do well to keep their eyes open during their rambles. TO-NIGHT'S BILL OF FARE.—Comedy, tragedy, and music will constitute the bill of fare at the Academy of Music this even ing, when the leading Launceston amateurs tender a farewell dramatic and musical entertainment to Herr and Madame Sie- bert. The balcony scene from "Romeo and Juliet" will be given in character, with the incidental scenery and music. Mrs O. Balfe will appear as Juliet and Mr C. P. Hammond as Romeo. In the second part of the programme the thrilling ghost scenes from "Hamlet" are to be presented, Mr Balfe enacting Hamlet, Mr Hammond the ghost, and Mrs Blfe the Queen cf Denmark. Special costumes have be mn made for these scenes and appropriate " ghost music " arranged for the orchestra. Mr F. Ferguson in the concert portion of the programme will sing Pinsutib's stirring composition "The Bedouin's love song,"' and Mr M'Eachern is down for " The lost chord " and " An island cf dreams." Miss Ida Cox contributes "The better land" and,' " Beauty's eyes." Mr Savigny is to give two new comic ditties, freshly out from London. One of the most stirring items on the programme should be "The field of Waterloo," recited by Mr Balfo, with all the incidental battle music played in. the orchestra. The Orpheus Orchestral Orchestra will render several selections of popular and animated airs. OPENING OF PARLIAMENT.— Several members of Parliament left Launceston for the capital by the express yesterday in order to be present at the opening of Parlia- ment to-day. Others will go south to morrow. Those who left yesterday were— Hons. H. I. Rooke, Wm. Dodery, and Wim. Hart, M.'sL.C.; Sir Edward Braddon, heon. Thos. Reibey, Messrs. C. J. Mackenzie, P., Barrett, and H. R. Dumaresq, M.'s H.A. ENTERTAINMENT AT CRESSY.-- As a fitting finale to the costume match of the afternoon, the Lyceum Comedy Company gave an entertainment in the Cressy Hall in presence of a representative audience. In part I. "J.L.S.," or the "American Champion," was staged in a very credit- able manner; the commercial traveller being portrayed by Mr Charles Galvin, and the retired prize fighter by Mr Max Bumpff, both of whom soon became prime favourites with the audience for the genuine humour they threw into the parts. Miss S. Wallen, as the landlady, and Miss Mabel Scott, as Dorothy, acted with spirit and piquancy, and materially asssisted in the success of the piece. The minor characters were well sus tained by Messrs Munro and Scott. In the second part character songs were given by Messrs Galvin and Rumph, and serio.comic songs by Misses Wallen and Scott, each of whom was heartily encored. In the quartet absurdity, "Tie, Tie, Tie," Messrs Rumppf, Galvin, Munro, and Scott were intensely funny, and had to respond to a recall. A well-known amateur con tributed two excellently selected songs, for both of which he gained hearty applause, the only regret being that he was not down on the programme for another. The entertainment was brought to a close by the screaming absurdity " The Goose with the Golden Eggs," in which Messrs Galvin and Rumpff and Misses Wallen and Scott sustained the principal parts cleverly; and Messrs Munro, Scott, Edge, and Arthur were satisfactorily cast in the subordinate positions. Let me in kindness gently hint that the voice of the prompter was too often heard in the closing piece, which marred to some extent otherwise really clever acting. VICE-xEGAL. - His Excellency the Governor and Viscountess Gormanston, accompanied by the private secretary (Mr H. R. Rawlinson), arrived by express train yesterday afternoon, and left by the steamer Pateena for Melbourne en route to Adelaide. The party were received by the Mayor (Mr R. H. Price) and the Town Clerk (Mr C. W. Rocher). It is the inten tion of his Excellency to return to Laun ceston by the Pateena, arriving here on Saturday, November 10, and proceeding to Hobart by special train. TRIAL OF IIMPLEMENTS.-Another very successful trial of Massey-Harris's cultiva ting implements was held at the farm of Mr Fred Rockliff, Sassafras, on Friday last. The implements tried were a two and three-furrow steel plough and spring tooth cultivator. The ploughs made very excellent work in stubble land and fair work in a field which had been under grass for about 15 years, the latter being a very severe test. The most satisfactory feature was the lightness of draught, two horses working the two-furrow with ease, and the three-furrow without undue distress, all through the trial. The cultivator also satisfied the farmers by its excellent capacity for working up rough land. It was first tried on ploughed land, and after wards on a rocky knoll which had never before been cultivated. In the latter trial there were a number of roots and fixed rooks through which the machine tore its way. In order to further'show the strength of the implement Mr J. W. Cheek, who had charge of the trial, invited farmers to ride on the sections while working amongst the rocks. This was done, but no injury re sulted to the machine. As the implement is only about one-half the weight of the ordinary cultivator the test was especially severe. The Massey representative, Mr James Mack, operated the ploughs and cultivator, and is stated to have proved their adaptability for every class of soil. The agents inform us that in the report of the trial of these ploughs at Hagley the maker is given as Brandford, but that this is, however, the site of one of the work shops of the Massey-Harris Company, who are sole makers and patentees of these im plements, and not the name of the maker. MOUNT BisCnorr ,ExHIBITIO TROPHY. -The design for the mineral trophy to be erected at the forthcoming Tasmanian International Exhibition by the Mount Bischoff T.M. Company has been approved by the directors, and the work of erection has already been commenced. The design is to be quite a departure in the way of mineral trophies, and takes the form of a kiosk or minaret rising some 36ft in height, and will occupy a position in the centre of the great hall. It is in Moresque architecture, which lends itself very re markably to the material used in its con struction. The base is square and open on two sides, the other sides being filled in with panels containing a description and photographs of the famous mine and its surroundings, and is built with solid ingots of tin weighing about eight tons. Piers rise at each angle from this base and support four Moreeque arches, the angles of piers and ribs of arches being formed in bright metal ; these arches meet in a goined ceiling heavily encrusted with metal. A bold cornice surmounts this, also in bright and sparkling tin. Above this cornice the superstructure ris·s octagonal in form, and is surmounted by a cupola-shaped roof carried upon eight arches in the same style as those support ing the groined ceiling below. Internally this cupola shows massive silver ribs, with intermediate spaces in colour; externally the ribs are also of the white metal, but the intermediate space will be in gold, em blematical of the wealth arising from the mine. The whole structure will be lit by ten electric lamps, and will present a most striking and dazzling effect. The archi tects to whom this unique design is due are Messrs Taylor and Cooke, of Launceston. The erection has been entrusted to Messrs H. T. Russell and Sons, of Launceston. BUTTER SHIP?ENT.-The first consign ment of butter from Tasmania this season for the English market left here yesterday by the steamer Pateena for Melbourne, to be transhipped to London. It consisted of about 15cwt, and has been forwarded by the Tasmanian Dairy Company to the care of Messrs J. Bartram and Son, their agents in Melbourne. Experts pronounce the butter to be of first-class quality, and a satisfactory price is confidently expected. Mr W. P. Gosling, the Tasmania1 represen tative of Messrs Bartram and Son, also left for Melbourne by the Pateena on business connected with further shipments of butter. S~snvrc OF Soee.-At the Wesleyan Church, Invermay, last evening the ser vice of song entitled" The Way to Heaven" was given in aid of the Sunday school funds. There was a good attendance, and the Rev. D. J. Flockart gave the connec tive readings, the following taking part in the solos :-Mesdames Smith, Chalk, Hutchinson, Kingston, Rainshaw; Misses Pickford (2), Miller, Andrews, Clayton; Messrs Smith, Miller, Hutchinson, Fenny, Clark, Tyson, and Linwood. Mr F. Lamb conducted the singing, and Mrs Chalk pre sided at the organ. Votes of thanks were accorded to Mr Flocksart for his excellent reading and the choir. The entertainment Concluded with prayer. I.O.G.T. SocIA?.-At the Temperance Hall last night a very enjoyable social under the auspices of the I.O.G.T. lodge took place, when there was an excellent attendance. Bro. D. Storrer occupied the chair, and the following took part in a lengthy programme of songs, recitations, and addresses:- Mrs Harrison; Misses Phillips, Ballard, Lidster; Messrs S. Lldster, A. J. Hawkins, Jacobson, J. Shepherd, Neil, Britton, Blanchard, and Master Ballard. During the evening re- freshments were handed round. At the close of the meeting the chairman gave a short address on the benefits derived from being a Good Templar, and thanked all those who had taken part in the evening's entertainment. Miss Phillips act3d as accompanist. LONeFORD. - Our correspondent writes on Monday :-The Rev. W. H. Webster, of Trinity Church, Launceston, preached at Chiist Church here yesterday morning and evening, when collections amounting to £3 3s 9d were taken up in aid of the general church fund.-I understand that Mr T. R. Arthur, returning cfficer for the electoral district if Cressy, has been authorised by the Government to proceed with the election of five trustees for the proposed Cressy water trust. The election is fixed for Saturday, November 10, at 2 p.m., at the ttste school.-The only business at the police court this morn ing was a rabbit case-Inspector J. N. Stubbs v. Arthur Master=, L ffay, which was adjourned to the 29th instant. Another rabbit case was reported to me to-day as having been settled in the Moun tain Vale district a few weeks back without the aid of either magistrates or solicitors. A large snake was espied by the son of a settler in the act of swallowing a young rabbit, when the young man t~ok an aim with his gun and blew the snake's head clean off. Whether or no "two heads were better than one" in this case I will leave others to decide. ST. MAuR's.-A very successful concert was held in the Victoria Hall on Wednes day, 17th inst., in aid of St. Mary's Roman Catholic building fund, Mr James Rigney, Warden, chairman. After the concert a dance was started and kept up till day break. Net proceeds, .14 7s. The fol lowing ladies and gentlemen took part : Misses Brady, Maher, T. Steel, Smith, Messrs Kent, Fitzpatrick, T. Lacey; also, St. Mary's Brass Band. SEavICE AT THE FORTH.--On Sunday afternoon (writes a correspondent) the Rev. Dr. Brown (general missionary secre tary), of the Wesleyan denomination, preached to a crowded congregation in the Forth Wesleyan Church. The Rev. J. Stafford took the former part of the service. The rev. doctor gave an eloquent discourse on the living evidences of Christianity as typified in the South Sea Islands, more particularly Tonga, Fiji, and Samoa. Some of the narratives were thrilling; the audience were kept spell bound. At the conclusion a collection was taken up for the mission. INQUEST AT LONGFORD.a- Our corres- pondent reports on Monday:-An inquest was held at 10 o'clock this morning at the residence of Mr William Harrower, tannery, before Mr W. H. D. Archer, coroner, and a jury of seven, Mr T. H. Paulden being foreman, on the body of Miss Grace Harrower, aged 49, found in the South Esk river on Saturday evening. The witnesses examined were Dr. Haines, Con table J. C. Farrell, George Harrower, and his wife, Amelia Ann Harrower, and William Johns, one of the men who found the body while fishing on Mr A. G. Cox's estate, Bowthorpe. There was nothing E further elicited than what has already been published, the evidence of the principal witness, Mrs Amelia Harrower, going to show that deceased had at vari ous times been suffering from religious mania, and a few years ago had made an attempt to drown herself in the same river. She last saw deceased at about 7 o'clock on the evening of Friday, August 31, and did not then notice anything unusual in her manner. The jury, after a short de- liberation, returned an open verdict of found drowned. It appears that M'Glove and Johns saw the body when fishing near the same place on Friday evening, but, being comparative strangers, did not then know anything of the case. The remains cf deceased were interred in Christ Church burial ground at four o'clock this afternoon, the Rev. H. J. Edwards officiating. Emu BAY BUTTER FACTORY COMPANY. An extraordinary meeting of shareholders in the above was held at the Town Hall'on Saturday afternoon to confirm the resolu tions passed at the general meeting held on September 29. There was but a moderate attendance, and the resolutions, which were as follows, were confirmed :-1. "That there be only one ordinary general meeting in each year, to be held in the month of September." 2. "That the articles of as sociation be otherwise altered as may be necessitated by the former resolution to bring them into conformity therewith." Only one tender for supply of 50 tons fire wood was received, J. Allan, at 2s lid per too, and this was accepted. Three applica tions were received for the position of apprentice at the factory, but the selection was deferred pending consultation with the manager. WEtT DEVONroT REGOTTA.--On Satur day night a meeting of the regatta com mittee was held at Buck's Hall, when there was a full attendance. Mr Jchn Luck (chairman Devonport Town Board) pre sided. The report and balance-sheet for last regatta was read by Mr H. A. Stephen son, secretary, showing a credit balance of £5 odd. It was decided to hold the usual regatta on New Year's Day, 1895, at the old place, Sayer's Point. The leading tradesmen and hotelkeepers promised hearty support. A large and influential committee was appointed, out of which an executive will be nominated. Mr H. A. Stephenson was duly elected secretary and collector. From the number of new sail ing crafts on the river and others on the slip it is expected the regatta will be quite up t' usual. NARROW GAUGE RAILWAYS.-- The Engineer of September 7 contains the following upon this important question :-- " The narrow gauge craze which obtained in the United States some years ago has long since died out, and enormous sums of money have been spent in widening the gauge of hundreds of miles of track to allow of through traffic and connections. Some few roads of respectable length still retain the 3ft or 3½ft gauge, but their change is only a question of time and financial conditions. The East and West Texas railway is about to change 230 miles of 3ft. to the standard gauge, as it has standard-gauge roads at each end of its line. A similar fate has attended the old southern gauge of 5ft. and the Erie railway gauge of 6ft., some thousands of miles of track being removed to the standard gauge on account of the difficulty and expense of through carriage of freight. A fifty-mile branch of the Nashville and Chatanooga railway is also to be changed. There are certain conditions under which a narrow gauge is admissible, as for short isolated lines, and some of the curious little 24in railways have been very satisfactory, but some of these little branches have been absorbed and changed by standard-gauge roads. With proper care in locating and laying out a railway for ordinary traffic there are few cases where a standard-gauge road cannot be as well and as cheaply built as a road of anything over 3ft gauge. There are two 3ft roads in Iowa which are said to carry the same loads and at the same speeds as the standard gauge, trains running steadily and easily at fifty miles per hour, but it is probable that no increase in cost need have been required for the wider gauge, while the expense of widening must be incurred sooner or later. PENGUIN.-- The weather is very variable, but everything in the vegetable and grass and grain line (writes our correspondent) is looking splendid. The old potato traffic is just about closed, but according to the present outlook we shall be ready to begin with the new season, as there are some good patches in the neighbourhood very forward, and if they get no check will soon be fit for use. There is a very large quantity being put in on the coast this year again, what ever the outcome may be, as there is no lack of seed about, which may be had almost for the a.king.-- Business at our wharf is dull just now, just one or two cf the small ;craft who keep the local trade supplied.-The working committee of the horticultural society met in the I.O.R. Hall on Tuesday last, and decided to hold our next show on December 5. The hon. secrs tary, Mr A. Oliver, stated there was a small balanc" to credit, and the committee of ladies meet at the same place on Friday next to revise the schedule, etc.--Mr G. Hardy's separator is working very nicely, and it is hoped may be a financial success to him. COVENT GARDEN SALESMEN.-Writing to the Agricultural Economist, a correspon dent says :-" About a fortnight since a farmer sent from Essex 30,000 pecks of green peas to Covent Garden, and all he got back for them was ld per peck. Now this is just what it cost to gather, and the farmer had to pay carriage, commission, etc., so that he not only sacrificed hi. crop but lost £125 by the endeavour to market it. These peas were sold to consumers at not less than Gd per peck--10 and Is in many cases-hence £100 was shared by salesmen and greengrocers. Growers should be cautious not to send them to Covent Garden salesmen." "' French Crab," writing to a southern exchange, says he thinks Tasmanian fruitgrowers might draw their own conclusions from the above. MERasee A. W. Birchall and Sones have opened their special private show of Christmas and New Year cards and calendars for 1895. The display includes the latest and best designs from England, France, and Germany. THE location of the offies of the electoral districts of Launceston, North Launnoeton, South Launceston, Meander, Doloraine, Glenorohy, Buckingham, Cressy, and Cum berland is notified in advertisements in to day's issue. A osULIC trial of Grant's lever Oliver plough will take place at Mr John Boutoher's farm, Hagley, at 2 p.m. to-morrow. BRACKNELL P.MI. Sunday school anniversary takes place on Sunday next. Mn ALFRED J. HALL, dentist, will resume practice at No, 111 St. John-street on Thurs day next. VICTORIA Tea only wants a trial and families will buy no other.-- 3. A returned "New Australian" warns others from going there. He says it is swarming with mosquitoes, sandflies, and crocodiles, and he sold his watch to get back. 