?fOtlTICAL POINTS. Jpi Mr. S. W. Bose is the tfreetrado candi Kcate for Gunncdali. infants' Betlini? Bill — Infants' Milk Bill. Yah, such grandmotherly legislation makes us sick. 'Ton are the biggest larrikin in the country.' Compliment passed by Reid on '.lie Premier. Er.Roseby hsB been lecturing at the Glebe and elsewhere with great success on ' Labor fiettlcments.' . Cape Colony won't bother about sending a delegate to Canada. 'Enniker 'Katen Bhould go as a Cape Colonist. ' PoliticB wore invented to keep the upper classes out of mischief, and — to get the lower classes into it.' — Z.».kg\vili,. Renegade Hose cheered on to his attack on She Ministry by 'Wriggler' Ileid and ?' Smudgy ' Haynes was a eight lor the £0d6. Reid considers that the mere fact of arm Ing the police is a direct invitation to every peaceful and law-abiding citizen to go ?' heeled ' both by day and by night. 3fr. Hugh McDonald, editor of l;Coon arable Independent,' will contest the Coon iioioleelecloratoin the Labor interest, line me mantle of George Cass fallen on Hugh 1 Sir George Gray ia said to be working up 1 he Samoan question at home. The annex ation oJ the Kavigator Group by New Zea land was always one o£ Grey's pet projects. Geo. Black says ho does not want to re enter l'ari lament. If the sense of democracy as voiced in the Domain can be taken as a criterion, lilack will not have to rnn counter to his withes. ''Wel),'Kud Hose, H. P., « If I enn't oust the Ministry on the question of l'rotection, I'll have a buck at 1'utmi's next missing word competition. There's over JC1G1 ua in vlie ponl now, and it's worth scooping.' Mr. James Kidman holds liftfien Govern ment contrasts. 'J iiat leminds us. Better lo be a coulr.ictw to thu House of the l:i;:hteous tl.an be. a uiembjr o£ the Legisla tive Council — theru'e less honor bat more uish in it. To Mr. Hha-ijc'. baker, -u' llcnter-stroct, New .Soul ii V.'a. biniiiJ'j'uic.iJ'oriitrfailijini; f.;rrrm;v. Air.:.' ' Hiliy' .L-iivemi limain !in.;: w ? :' M -i '.^ !i:il iirn« lartlnuuK. who '.'??.'.'.?. .. Vviiin ! .i- ,c i! iinjiaiinjcsly ;?;?:. 111. C IJ...0 0.1 i.Tt iluC '.'!:' .'?? ? .'. 'ti.:;i'orpi:ii-aiiou. What V- ... : . ., ? ,:-i, lor liie |Mi:y 'mere '? ?, ?? . . .i :_?--; t \ aim \ai in Ijoailon ...... .. : .;.l..li^lu.-iS. LoidHil- OO, .. ; i..j ..,:., ..;. i i.iiu .\:;er.l-LiuueriU lor ? ?? ?. .'? ?.:,\l: I, ir.cUIS^U'i (i£ till! . !,.? .: . .' ! .i . L . -:i i.jiiluU, V.';,G Vt^ULed to .?.-.: ? , ??,- ;-:-,-:i.r|. it. v.-ire in power they ..„? -(|.'m.;1. ' ii-.iiu-it.'-i c.lizcu.-'. Dilibs , iilic ir.'.iiu i tj . ; y 1 ; ic aud iairikint, ana ;..1vll;uifc-.iii..'e:,fii.;ii.'. 1'cder the ]-,rovi:-k,:,- of the lieuing and l..--ino I'.ill, an ' inmnl ' ii!;e Jemmy Waynes —who v.vu £1ii.0:ii.i in onu year by betting — would bc'j.:-/.-.eteJ' ftuin ilia wilcaof uu *crjpulous i.eisi.m* va:o wished to make a. inlicoutoF nim by loaning him citb. Uocd eld Kinnuni'jllicrl.v lcgielmion ! ' Democracy will ruin the country.' So rais monopoly. This is the fruit of the t .uatting- willing -interest- Jawyer-bauking jarties. Ibe debt per liead in Soutli Aua luiv.i (according to Cojhlan) wasin 1W',1.£O iCsf-d; 1S7I, £il :is7; 1S31, £:i9L'sld; and 1:'.'2, £fi5 Us Od. Could any party do worse?— 'The Voice.' 'Jemmy' Garvan has a selection some where in the Big Scrub which he alleged the construction of the Tweed-Lismore railway damaged to the extent of £2107 12s 6d. He afterwards amended the injury to £1500. After arbitration the umpire, Sir J. P. Abbott, awarded 'Jemmy' £1056 7s 4d, or half the original claim. Wallace Nelson, lecturing in the Cen tennial Hall, Brisbane, on 'What a Labor Government could do for Queensland,' said : ?1 retard the lirisbane 'Telegiaph' as something outside ordinary journalism. 'J jiat newspaper ia a sort of journalistic mongrel — a combination of bad politics and. n oieu piety — a concoction of Capitalism and Cant.' Between G . D. Clark and the boy Holman, labor will come a heavy cropper at Leich hardt, and Parkcs' faithful henchman, foreign-trader Hawthorn, will grab the seat. £0 one can blame Clark lor trying to Tetain iin position, and be Holnian, as a socialist, will have less weigLt in Parliament than a shadow, Labor had hotter stick to tho devil it knows. Lonsdale, M.P., has been skiting to the electors ofHillgrove. lie said that Free Irade was a found policy, because the Im perial policy was freetrade. We oiue( take itritieh yoodB in cschango for our frozen jiiuttou, wool, gold, etc. The assertion of 41iin economic principle was not relished by IiIb nmiience, and a direct vote o£ want o£ tor.iidencc was carried. '?'Jiom the ' Walgctt Ne*s ' we learn that diir.'i!'.; the nast two months the CaEtlereagh las l.-ecn in Hood, and the necessity {or a liiKl at tbe crossing has been keenly felt by tlie rt'sidents and travellers. We understand Mr. W.N.Willis, M.P., has been communi caleil with on the subject, and we sincerely tiuot he will succeed in getting a Govern ment boat for the crossing. brother Hindle. M.P., had a front seat at the Rev. Barry Richards' moral and intel lectual show t'other night. When the high kicung part of the performance reached its zenith, brother Hindle's superior saintly smile was a study. As the twinlfling toolei curaii reached their apogee and declined- to tiii'ir perigee, so did the corners o£ the saintly lips rice and fail. Yamen I ITir *»j«brw-«-* fr-'Lja.De? platform should paste the uiiowttg in their hats : ' The real reformer docs not pretend to undertako too luge a contract. He is content to regard himself as one of a long line of workers. It if only tbe quack reformer who proposes to euro, every evil. The genuine reformer tries to remove the obstacles which prevent men and women living true lives.' Ihe proposed reductions in tne Railway Department ore estimated to effect a savin-.; id £25,UU0— £20,dO0 from the: l£vclei./u ?workshops, and £5000 from ihi E-.iiaiiu-t staff. Thus, under the pio],osefl it' per tent. reduction, an oilicer receiviug £301) a yenr -.rill Ioec only £10, whilst an Kvclmpli nicclinnlc rBceiviEir. slftd per .innuu-., w II ioEo ii'd 10s. Ain't it Kddyfyici; I ? The 'Broken BUI Ace' is an ndmirrr. n difWnt wlmitor. (it the hcly Hi mile, ;i n,j P.-—-' Mr. Jlindle is himself tlie only moii.1. ri'VUTTif . and rotor .vfc. -i ilis M Bambiy. ' He «U.^i'. or. '.h: layu-.vii. p.uuBCB of public virtue ? New South AVales is a modern Sodom and Gomorrah, and Mr. Kindle is the latter-day Lot— that is, according to Mr. Hindle.' 'I came very near guessing Tbutb's missing word competition,' said the loader of Her Majesty's Opposition, ' I guessed 'unnecessary.'' 'Bai Jove 1' exclaimed his ad miring fellows, 'well you were near, however did yon do it, old chappie 1' 11 BlceBlino.' said the evf-..?laes man. ' but I did it sure enough and there's £101 33 in the pool now waiting the lucky finder.' The ' Tamworth News ' puts the political position, thus :— ' The Legislative Assembly without Sir George Dibbs would be wanting in one of tbe most prominent representative men the colony can boast of. Let it be Tarn worth'B pride and glory to Jink its came with the political fortunes of a man whose name will be handed down to posterity as one of the bust and boldeBt of her statesmen.' 'Nancy' Wilkinson, which his name is W. B., wrote a letter tp the ' Ktav,' all o«t of his own head, on the subject of the Central Division Leases. The ' Star' pub lished it aB coming from li. ]i. Wilkincon ; this gave 'Nancy' such a shock that he wrote about it to the 'Btar' aton.ee, point ing out there ib only one W. .B. about. For which small mercy Teuth is devoutly thankful. As a specimen oC grandmotherly legisla tion the. Betting and Loans (Iniants) Bill tatas the cako. It has passed the Council, and Neild, 11. P., wants the Assembly to en dorse it. Tlie measure would invite young men coming of age toavoid their ju6t liabili ties, and, considering that young men of 1G years ol age are allowed to take up selections, it is unreasonable t j disallow them incurring pecuniary liabilities. During the year 18U3 Kcw South Wales exported bacon and harm ot her own produce and manufacture to the value o£ JIO'JO, and during the same period imported bacon and hams to the tune u£ H'lu,7ii. Oi condensed milk, during IS'J.'i, we extorted 'nil,' and imported to the value of £07,408. Of fresh milk we exported £12 worth, and imported £2.(;:!iS. We are a great country, and know how to use our opportunities. Black, M.P., seeks to reinstate himself in tue good grates ol the Sydney working classes by blackening the chitracter of lticuard Hlcath. Now, whatever faults Sleuth -may have, ha is far and away a butter L:il.or man than Black, aud has done lnoic and Luiltved tflore for tiiat caut-c thau evtr Jilack dreamt of. The uxorious and luxurious little man from We*t Sydney will have to tuke a Lack 6eat thic time. One day last week the following irreverent (not to f'ay blaspbemcns) not:ce was stuck cu a i'eace oppesitj the Melbourne tram way :— Hi!'. SAl.i;, R1IKA1'. A Pi'iiiiei. Dvliruy uiu he lEl:cn J'.irlinment me'Ae. ctnful lo bulchira i.r fail!e-(lt(.vcis vislims; lo tUtt in Luuiiess ou Ihu ehcoi^st market Iidlb. Some fS'liiWfl at home are a-ivocating the Cfs.-ivoa 'f jiarly (iovcrniscni and that all bhuuij vcite to further nionl, social, i\nd inteliectual proiTi^s. '? This is by no means a li'jW j-ugi.'Cition,' writes Lalionchere, ' party i.o\\-crauxnt will e»Nt so long as Ihcdis tiuctiuD u( opinion exists. No, no ; whether Hn?ci)cry or any other Earl be Premier, whelhor be hails from the nnitli or tlie eoutiiof tfcc Tweed, iiit ustrubtourBclvt'sand I.e2p our jiowaer dry. The Mr. r.osc who is anneunced as a can didate fn i;ii= Freetradc inteicstfor the Gun netiali uluciurale is uuderftooJ to be an un 61;ocesiful Labor candiuuts. Wiiuthcr ho has (in company with Geo. lijuck, M.P.,) conscientious scruples abou* ei^mng the pieci'C, or whcthci be hain't suy, 'luUTH coos' not know, o^t t.u: Mitua thai, he will a-.'aiu bo au unsuecesai il candidsto. ^fter llie exhibition of la.t week, la-see aie not required in the As&uiflUy;, Tne?day eveniner last' being private mom ber&' n'.Rbt, the i-io^fc o£ Aj.^yle Elurled to waste time by uiovjn.; the ailjouruiaent of the House in or ur to ditcuss tbe 'changed altitude of tUu Ministry towards thu policy of Piotection,' and five honorable members wire Sound spineless and flaccid enough to rise in tlisir places in support of the plaint None oE the Ministry bothered thoir heads 10 reply u tlie wo) el man. so Touimj1 Walker arose and told bira plaiuly to |-iek up hie duds and hump them across the Uhaoibur. The son of an influential country consti tuent waited on one of ths Western members of Parliament recently and expressed bis wiBh to have a government billet. To get rid o£ hinithe member sent him round the various departments to have a look round, and on bis return asked him what kind o£ a billet would suit. 'I'd like to be one of them coves,' said the ingenuous youth. ' wot sits in glarse cases, scolliu' sandwiches and readin' tbe papers all day, and a givin cheek to the bloomin' public, wotaisks 'cm questions.' On Wednesday Parkes completed his fortieth year as a politician, having entered the old Legislative Council fon Way 2, 1B51. 11 is only contemporary in the present Legis lature-is the lion. Sh William Alanniug, K.O.M.G., M.L-C, who was Kolicitor Gcneral in the Government o£ that day. Although out of tbe House for short periods, the ex-Premier has sat in every Parliament for the last forty years. Whether he will sit in any more or not is a matter for the tree and enlightened electors under tbe new Onc-Mnn-One-Vote conditions. On tbe ealate5 of a great Tory nobleman at home upwards of 20,000 pheasants, 7000 par tridges, fiOOO bares, and a large number of rabbits have been killed during the season which has just closed, and every head o£ game (except the small quantity which was renniredfor the house) was despatched to a dealer in tbe neighboring town, where there is a very largo market. When 'territorial Princes' sell every creature that is killed on their cstateB in this wholesale fashion, who can wonder that the Game Laws are never mentioned in rural districts except to be execrated ? ' Lisniore Chronicle ' ssys : — 'It is lo bo hoped that the next general election will re Bult in the return of a large number of iona fide country representatives pledged to resign the overwhelming influences of the contrali sation party. If the electors of the colony are wise ? and not terrified out of their com mon sense by the new electoral machinery — they will icturn to the nest Parliament man who fully understand their wants, and are prepared to obtain for them the legislation which will tend to develop the cpmitry, and open up icsources which, thanks to blind folly, have lemaincd unutilised and value lose. la Committee on Tuesday Jlr. Willis moved :— ?' That it is expedient to bring in a bill to amend the laws relating to hawkers -:ind podteve in the colony of New bouth Wales ami lo impose n license ice on per sons ciercoin:.' tho s. vocation oi carriers in the svd c-'louv. wluther willi camels, horses, osen.W.MU.; ov „?..«« tests ?£ todeo, niH lo .?v.ir.a tiiu -iv.iitm- ol licenses, v, «??;: ? - iji- liiKvk.Tr.'. \K&m;, ur earner*, to ccri-i i.-wu-.': )K: s'lid it wan weposed To S- .-.-'..ir.-iMs .i:fcr. tio.-iary power in !iVi'b-'- !rii-'i naM-fojw.stobuSsUdper ifti.u^ni. '.'' i-.!.u.i:l!l-u ivaa a. reed lo and ? Tii:.'. f-r: i: ? H'.c nr:-o?-:r'l-:n.ry i'aikos ?lic'»a-:'it.l 'j '?'??? '.l:'i'».K^ u/al,Uie judicions flattery, he wanted to please G. B. Ashten by putting a little money in his pocket, and he wanted to educate the masses to a sense of beauty. So be bought (with public funds) that full length portrait of Sir 'Enery now on view in the National Art Gal lery, and thereby achieved immortality. Aghton achieved £2fiO, and posterity obtains a portrait. Trustee Ashton manages to got there somehow every time. Whenever there is a chance of achieving a little eleemosynary advertising, Hennikcr Ileaton always turns up smiling. Uenni ker's pet policy is to boom himself, and he rides like Black Care behind the boy on the goodliorse Penny Postage. Bennikcr wants to attend the Canadian conference in some capacity or other — he's not very particular whether bo goes go a Minister Plenipoten tiary or Envoy Extraordinary, so he cabled over to the Premier that he'd represent New Eonth Wales at Ottawa, and pay his own board and lodging. Sir George Bibbs was not on, so Hennikcr and his Ghost will have to prowl ronnd the cloiBterS of Canterbury Cathedral until another opportunity presents itself. Hr. Willis, M.P., is never happy unless he has a big contract in hand.. The following i-- His latest :— ' That, in view of the enor :.;?;:..?; amount of money expended annually ? I .y -i rcat Britain in the importation of meat, butter, and fruits, this House is of opinion that iIk: uovernment Ehould, without delay, establish one central chilling, freezing, and packing depot at the seaboard, with smaller depots along the main linca pi railway, where the chilling and packing of colonial products could be undertaken under Govern ment control and supervision, thus offering all classes of producers equal chances of ex porting their surplus products to the London market, to the direct benefit of the whole colony.' When Chauncoy II. Depew, the wealthy American, was in London lately, he dressed himself one Sunday moruingin ngarb which was a cross between that of 3 eostcrmonger and pickpocket, and traversed the W bite chapel district. Here is what he saw : ' Such poverty, such misery, such wretched ness, such a seething surface of ignorance, and all that attends upon hopelessness, I never taw before, and never expect to see again. 1 felt that this great city, with its magnificent palaces, with every evidence in pp.rt of it o£ the largest wealth, tbe greatest luxury, the most liberal expenditure, reetcd upon a volcano which only needed tlie force ol civilisation to hrinj upon it a catastrophe which would shock the world. It appears the English Home Secretary, Mr. Asquith, has very little sympathy for tne unemployed starving poor of London, and which was the cause ior tbe following resolu tion being carried unanimously at a ma83 meeting of unemployed held recently at Tower Hill : — ' That thiB mass meeting of the unemployed on Tower liill, bearing that Sir. A«juith is about to enter tbe holy bonds of matrimony, and knowing that he has no Rjini-athy for the unemployed, but that he bas lately Ubed liia position in Ibe HouEe to insult tbe unemployed, trusts that bis part ner will be one or the worst Tartars it is pos sible for a man to have, and that his family troubles will compel him to retire from pjli tical life, ior which he is to unfit.' The Broken Hill ' Age ' eay6 :-- '? We do not believe there will be a pastoral strike. Tbe men have already shown themselves to be posEcBscd of common sense. They have ignored the strict orders of their leaders not to engasc through the ppstoreMsts' Onion, not to accent references f rc.u ex-employers, and not to 'pay the £.1 deposit required by the sheep-owners from engaging shearers. There ie no certainty of couise taat they will not follow the advice of tlieir ouicers, and tbose that crawl to them, this time. But for the present we are willing to beiievetbat the shearers aTe bitter than tbose who toady to them would have us believe : for we have no reaEon whatever to Euppoee that these toadies and hangers-on Epoak with aay of .the authority oi tLc theareri.1 Tiie Broken Hill '; Ace' is rather roujh oa Messrs. Cook, Black, and party. It says :— ' Duiing the last few years the Labor Parly, by the mta-sof labor disputes and trouble ot ail descriptions, have confused the polities of the country, have disturbed com n.erce, and have shaken the Eocial peace of the cammKaity. They have unded in con f uisins; themselves, and it is (o be hoped that the lefiult ol that confusion will hn to teach the leaders oi J-a'uor that they represent a portion of the Siale that has no more right to exclusive consideration than any other. It muy also teach them thai though they may be able practicably to aipoint them selves to high positions, thoir tenure of those position.) mutt always depend upon tee appioval o£ the unreliable multitude.' Four colonial statesmen1 have teen called lo the Privy Council. The late fcir Jobn McDonald (?' Old To-morrow ') was the first appointed outeide Great Britain, the late Hon. U\ J?. Dalley was the second, riir Alfred Stephen, G.C.M.G., was tbe third. None of the foregoing were over sworn in, hence their appointments were purely honorary. Sir George Grey, li.C.U., is the fourth on tbe list^and he' was sworn in at Windsor Castle last Monday. Membership of the Privy Council gives precedence at court functions, and carries with it the title of Uight Honor able, otherwise the position is an honorary one. The Privy Council is never called to gether now-a-days save and except the Cabinet Ministers for the time being. Tbe Cabinet of the day is tie facto Her Majesty's l'rivy Council for the time being. J. D. FittgeraM l;ceps pegging away at the trustees of the National Art Gallery. In answer to a question in tbe Houeb on Wednesday evening lir. Suttor taid the por trait of Kir Henry Parkes now on the walls of tbe National Gallery was purchase on the 13th May. 1600. The trustees were dc tirous of securing this portrait for the gal lery, but, before purchasing, asked for and obtained the approval of the Minister then in power. From conversations he had had with his predeceESor, and also with the trus tees of tie Art Gallery, he found that they felt themselves in an awkward position, be cause the picture was painted by one o£ the trustees, and they desired to obtain tbe ap proval of the Minister before purchasing it. It was paid for from tbe National Art Gal lery vote. The trustees of the Art Gallery recommended the purchase of the picture. We should think the trustees did find them selves in an awkward position, when con sidering the question o£ purchasing a picture painted by one o£ themselves. It is time this sort of thing was put a stop to. ' The violence, which is an unfortunate ac cident of many labor contests, does not seem to increaso in our own times ; Indeed, the worst labor riotB is England occurred in the days of the Georges. Those who fancy that strikes are a thing of to-day might be sur prised lo hear that in America their course is traceable for K-0 yc:ns back, and that in England more than 100 yearB ago the pug nacity of the Nottingham frame-makers drove Ike masters to form nn Employers' Associa tion. ThiB association, by the way, soon atterwardB grounded an objection to raise wages on the fear that trade would be driven out of the country by the competition ol cheap French JaLour. Trade cant appears to ha as old as trade disputes. The best tempered conflicts nra those in wbtcb. the masters are satisfied with closing their worke, and either do not attempt to replace the strikers with non-unionists or fail to get ap plicants for the vacant places. The bringing in of the ' blackleg ' is the most common cause of the broaches ofithe peace.'— Hon. W. 1\ Heaves, Minister o£ Labor, New -Zealand. ? Plririft Bands of any size eupplica on eney terra. HaiVHM'e, Wnoiluura. I'-.u-e imd KiHcs. Marlin, Colts, Winchesters Marlir.i-Hei.ry. uud Olllcrfl, caih or terms. Iiuwuru-, Wvullslira, 