THE KING OF H1ARlTE By OUTrauS TaaTRAx.' AN HISTORBICAL ROMANCE publisihed by special arrangemnis oith, fessrs. Ward, Lock 4' Bowden, Lid. [ALL RIGHBTI RSERVED. CHAPTER IV. . A DARK NIGHT's BUSINESS. A tramp crouching from the driving snow behind some rotten hurdles, crouching .here from dawn, till night fell on the Lndons Road, saw all the actors in this -nm pass before him on their way down t? the old Mloat House in Kent-the long ;eo of soldiers. a silent line moving mechanic lyllt rough the grey morning light;Captain aer, hhis head bent to the saddle-how Fneth the bitter blast, riding through deep drifts in front of Miss Hawley's deri;ot the great state coach of His Grace the 1] ke'of Cumberland lumbering by some hoars terwards, the snow thick on the roof, the postilions plying whip and spur ; finally, Seveningfell, far Barsae and Mr Browne riding f?,iously, their capes streaming in he aind, their horses' sides red from the rowels, a pair of as wild horsemen as a eolity roadside watcher ever looked upon. °The tramp crouching by the side of the London Road saw all these figures pass by tim in the order named in the course of a short winter's day. But,.he did not heed them-did not connect them in any way ith eachhother. Why should he! He had other thing to think of; how to keep him- I self warm for one. What to him were isble dramas in rich people's lives ? .lthing He just wondered where the ldie:s were going to so early, thought that I the isst two horsemen seemed hurried, and I that is all he thought about the matter. He i coiled himself round two or three times like a dog, and fell asleep. And yet few travellers hare passed on one-road- to the s one goal, to issues big with impending fate, I more fury.haunted, more possessed. liehmd the charioteer of Miss Hawley's t carnage in particular dark care sat perched. s w.ce her fainting-tit the night before on the step of 1Jrs Cornely's, lMiss Hawley had e scarcely opened her lips. A cold terror posssed this girl; she shuddered at the rhoneti that a weak woman's agitation mighhave betrayed vital hopes. A prey c i n moment to a hundred fears, and s nter self- reproaches, silence was her sole i oiae. By her silence soe could at least do I aurtherharm. She sat so still all through a iloug journey into Kent-lying back in ie corner of the carriage, closely wrapped in her faur, that her maid, a lynx-eyed, I demure deceiver, who sat opposite, more than once thought that her mistress must have fainted, she lay back in the corner 1 there so deadly still. Yes, deadly still, but with her heart beat lag wildly for the Stranger of IRomance, for f the presence who had inspired her with an c ideal passion-a passion born and fed only a by a picture-who for years she had known I ad worshipped only through a picture, I who through a picture had recognised I her in an instant, had' suddenly shone out of a sordid London crowd, like I aome splendid knight-errant of the past, t adldled her from a mob's brutal fury, I dlased her passionately in his arms ! And she-she had betrayed him like some nervous schoolgirl! The thought maddened her. He might now be, at the very moment, as I sce was sitting there in her comfort, and her lnury, a friendless captive in the hands of r implacable enemies. Ah, no! the very thought was too cruel for heaven to permit it A girl's prayers must go for something i -anch abominations could not be. No doubt, in spite of her vile, criminal weak nes, the object of her adoration had passed wihout notice--had left England, had r owped. " Hus Hawley closed her eyes, half com- t fdrted. "Law, miss, look; there's a soldier." These words were spoken in vulgar tones by Miss Hawley's maid, but no doom I thandered by Sybil ever fell more fatally on hearer's ears. Mliss Hawley rose from her seat as if electrified, and looked out. Yes, i srre enough, there stood one of the redcoats, a whom Jacobite instincts had led this young lady to look upon as accursed, smoking his t pipe quietly in front of a tavern.door. The carmage was at this moment passing through I a village within a mile of the Moat House. I Mlise Hawley pulled the check-string for the I coachman to stop. A servant alighrid from a the box, and asked if Miss wanted anything. , "Go into that house," said Miss Hawley, "and ask a soldier you will find inside what he is doing there." The man departed, after staring a little. I resently he returned and said "Tnere is no soldier there, miso." . "\Where is Captain Foster? Tell Captain aoster I want to speak to him." But Captain Foster had ridden on to the Moat iuose to advertise their arrival. Mliss Hawley was now deadly pale. 'Open the door," she said calmly, "I Rish to get out." - The man muttered something about the to\r being deep, and the maid begged her mistress not to catch' her death of cold. Before they had.either of them time, how veer, to take any further prohibitory measures, their mistress had leapt from the carriage, hurried through the deep snow, anl presented herself suddenly in the midst ovacircle of boors, who sat -drinking and smoking an the tap.room of the public house. She -.ood the'e for a moment so breath hle with her excitement and the suddenness if the "tion that she was unable to speak. ta .. ked like some white apparition -ly fallen upon this circle of sin. The sin, having recovered themselves, .d her, and rose bowing. .y do you tell my servant that there Idler here 2" she said. .the circle of sin with one accbrd said ain that there was no soldier there. Miss hawley stamped her foot; it was a charac. teomtice aion of hera.o ,. "How c: ,'you tell such wicked'stories !" hts sid. I raw the man enterthe door wi'h my o a eyes." tro circle of slin with one accord said 5It .::t there was no soldier there.: Miss Mailey now aeked for the landlord. She was ttl he was out, S then -asked for us daughter. She Wais told that the saughter was out too. Then Miss Hawley, addroaoing one of the circle of-.sin by his a0me, Joe tHobbs. asked how he dared to treat herin this disgraceful manner. And Jo0 Hobbs, for all reply, begged his humble duty. Said he meant no offence-didn't oo?W how he offended,..There was. no soldier in the house. And then deep quiet fell upon these elders. SMass Hawley darted a glance of violent indignation at the sasembly of silence, left the room, and went back to her carriage, pad gave the order, "Home." .1a the sound of the departing wheels died Oawe, each elder put a pipe into his moutn, and ,a,'ldierfully accoutred stepped out of a The manr wiped his forehead, said that he oad had a na'ow squeak, swore the elders to bsecrecy, and hoRing armed himself with a bottle of brandy, rejoined his companions, who were resting ina s~questered barn. Mliss Hawley,' heart meanwhile burned oithio her. What was.this wretch of a red orat doing within a mild-f her father's house! \Why had the man -hisapparefl so suddenly! Ah; he was afrait Of being sen. There was some secret trap proasared for somebody. The man had no od.63 lined hidden companions. Treachery was Sthe air. Treachery against whom? hiss Hawley felt chilled-wild fears Veased tumultuously through her brain. Presently the stopping of the coach told her that she was at home. Nowshe would have a.opportunity of collecting her thoughts in quiet. Quiet was what slie wanted. Ste alighted, taking Captain Foster's hand echanically, not seeming to recognise the ';Pilahng look in.his eyes, or the hand opret*re which sought to detain her. . eleroke from him, hurried up awinding 'trease,,along a gloomy corridor, locked high.backed chairs a Usll canopied bed inc one corner showed'ghost-like in the flickering firelight. oA window overlooked the moat. In the gloom of the winter's evening which had closed in, the moat looked mysterious, wicked, deadly. The girl let her eyes rest on it for a minute, then drew the curtains close with a shudder. With trembling hands she unlocked her jewel-case and drew out a richly-chased C casket. She kissed the case passionately, and then opened it with a cry of delight, and I gazed rapt at a beautiful miniature hand soely set in diamonds. The ministurerepre sented the hero of the episode outside Mrs Comely'., the distinguished stranger whomc Mr Barsac had described as Browns, and as it represented Mr Browne in the full costume of a Highland chieftain, wearing his own fair hair falling in rich curls to the shoulders, it showed a resemblance nothing e short of striking between him and Captain Foster. Then Miss Hawley fell upon her knees and c prayed. She prayed long, wildly, for the 1 sake of the man whose portrait she held to her heart-that safety which some strange, r vivid woman's instinct, throbbing within her, told her she had endangered. She 1 prayed that he might escape out of his enemy's hands, out of the hands of. the a wicked, bloodthirsty wretches who had hunted him down in times past (and here I Miss Hawley, with a shudder, put a little prayer for forgiveness for her father), out of the, hands of the wicked, who still h panted for that precious blood. . - And as she prayed, Mr Barsac and the subjec of her prayer, riding wildly through deep snowdrifts, drew nearer and nearer on the London Road, and a magnificent travell ing-coach drawn by four horses entered the avenue leading down to the house; and after the magnificent coach, and unseen by its occupant, came, marching silently into the avenue, half a regiment of soldiers. They 'spread out right and left of the road; they t lined the wood on each side; they drew a thin, red, cruel line round the Moat House itself, and, lying hidden, waited. And still the girl, kneeling in the gloom v of the dimly-lighted room, prayed passion. ately, in an ecstasy of rapt self-abandon-I ment, in a blessed unconsciousness of the fatalities that were mastering out there in the wild night-prayed the same burning, simple prayers over and over again-prayed with a faith that. should harve moved. mountains, that the stranger might escape out of the hands of the wicked who panted for his blood. Suddenly, as if in answer to this prayer, confused noises interrupted it. Carriage wheels grinding over loose stones, the open nlog wide of creaking doors, orders shouted, hurrying steps, the many-voiced hubbub which heralds the advent of a distinguished guest; and then,, after a silence, a heavy, n solitary tread on a stone floor-a' tread h which had something pitiless in it. I It was the Duke of Cumberland. li An hour afterwards thle large bell of the n Moat House ringing for dinner fell upon the o ears of two travellers, as they'rode fiercely a up to the doorof the small villageinn. The e first of these two men called loudly for the i ostler, the other sat motionless in his saddle, t sombre, his hat pulled over his brows, his ' head sunkupon his chest ; he looked spectre. like seen thus, through the steam rising from his heaving horse. , The first of these men, who was Mr d Barsac, dismounted, and gave his.horse to the ostler. "We are f6r the Moat House,". he said; "we leave our horses here." , The man said that they were wise not to risk a ride down a frozen precipice in pitch d darkness. He,then approached the other's 1 horse and laid hold of the rein. .But the rider, speaking thickly, told him with a curse to stand off. "Why, Mr Browne," said Mr, Barsac, "we dismount here, if it please you. The a descent to the Moat House is so steep, the road so slippery, the night so dark." . | " That I purpose riding back to London." With one of those curiously alert move. ments of his, Mr Barsae caught the bridle a of the speaker's horse just as his rider a turned him suddenly to carry out this e resolve. . "Sir," he said, speaking nervously and i rapidly "'tis impossible for me to believe i from what I have seen of you that. you can d really meditate such an act of discourtesy." "Discourtesy, sir I And in what, pray, s does the discourtesy lie ? I am not expected n at your Moat House. . i "No, sir; but you have prevailed upon v me to introduce you as an uninvited visitor. You have caused me a long ride in bitter i weather. I have performed my part faith fully at probable injury to my, health. 'Tis t not agreeable to see such labour wasted for y a whim, if you will excuse the speech." t And Mr Barsac bowed his reproachful - courtesy. Wounded self.esteem was in his tones; but he kept a feverish grip of the d stranger's bridle. The stranger seemed b touched. " " Whims govern me, air," he said, and he p laughed a little wildly; then threw himself off his horse rather than dismounted. t "Show me where the 'lady lives, sir." h "If the gentleman means Miss Hawley," h began the ostler. ii Mr Browne gave a great start. , " Hawley 1" he exclaimed, turning pale. b "Orley, Orley," said Mr Barsac, with .a i soft impetuosity. "These rustics never spare themselves an H." And then he turned and withered the ostler with a look. This look of Mr Barsac's was simply devilish. a "Orley," said Mr Browne. "Orley! b Hawley!' God! what an extraordinary f thing I" Then thickly to'the ostler retiring d with the two horses, ." Ho ! there, you, air i Send me out some brandy, d'yehear? Pah! a -the very name's mention makes me, as it 1 were, faint." "Ahw unpleasant' recollection associated with it, sir!" said Mr Barsac. " An infernal one, sir. Where is this brandy !'' It came in a moment or two; brought in by astrapping, rosy-oheeked barmaid; who eyed Mr Browcne admiringly, and asked whether lie would, not take it inside, out of the oold. MrBrowne, with great-gallantry. tnuohed the girl neder the chin and said, " No, thanks, pretty one." Then he took a good draught, and gave:the girl a crown to buy herself some ribbons with. S"I feel better, sir,i" he said to Mr Barsac, who had watched thisinterlude with smiling face; "Shall we proceed! ?". "At your pleasure. Thank ynou, no .brandy. I will just borrow a lantern from the people of the house here, and then we I shall be quite prepared." After a minute or two, Mr Bareac ce.I turned, carrying a large lantern in his hand. This lantern was not acquired by Mr Barsac for the purpose of showing a road which he knew perfectly; but for the purpose of showing Mr Browne perfectly to his captors, who did not know him. The two men passed away together into the night, Mr Barsac walking quite close to Mr Browne, whose movements were a trifle I unsteady, pressed him to put his arm in his, and trust entirely to his guidance; but the stranger refused this proffer irritably; ex plained that he was a mountaineer; that, comeared with his past experiences, the road showed no difficulty. So they walked on through the deep snow side by side. In the middle of an abrupt descent Mr Barsac paused. .He pointed with a hand which trembled slightly to an entrance gate on the left. This gate was the month of the trap. The woods beyond it swarmed with soldaiers. "rThis is our way, sair." Mr.Barsac'r I voice trembled like his hand as he spoke. And as our way runs now throUch deepf woodlands, it is well that I am oeme pm 'Tis a ptlan gely out.of.the-way place, ioxely, that you leading me to," said Mr BroWrlf, "It isa alowutof.tor-wy plaeo .aid Mro He laughed unpleasantly, a',d led the wayv into the wood, preceding Mr Browns, and thruwiog the light of his lantern neither on the right nor the left, but very carefully straight on to the road lin roat of himn. The track plunged down now, almost pre cipitonely, through denes coverts, which had been allowed for years to run riot- gnarled boughs of oaks twisted themeslasa ovarhad-t.he darkness was impenetrahle. _Mr Ban&e;, walking cautiosly' in front of bi. victim1 sei to te.. the lvl bresth of the ambuscade strike his face' on either side. Arrived at a ortin bend in the road, in the very densest part of. the plantation, Mr Barsac soddenly turned, and flushed his lanternlfall on Mr Browns's face. "Take care here, sir," he said,-"or yon will fall.", The action was instantaneous." But in that instant the eyes of the ambuscade devoured their victim. Fifty soldiers lying on each side of the path saw this man's face revealed to them with- an instannesnous vividness with which they had never seen face revealed before. The dark curls, the handsome voluptuous features, the melan choly expression, the pose of the head flared suddenly upon them-a light out of dark. ness. There could be no mistake in the future on the part of these men. For the identity was unmistakable. It was an eternal photograph. , . , The gate at the top of the wood, .which Mr Baraun and Mr Browne had left open, clanged behind them. Mr Barsac turned his lantern from Mr Browne's face, directed it to the path in front of him; once more recommenced the descent. Suddenly he felt the cold muzzle of a pistol pressed against the nape of his neck. He was seized in a grasp of iron, and a voice said quietly in his ear " Tell me why you flashed that lantern on my face, sir, or I will blow your brains out." i The cruel fear of death seized Mr Barsac -for a m6ment paralysed tongue, limbs, brain itself. He lived a whole life in an instant. Then in the very jaws of destruc. tion his instantaneous insight into the situs. tion returned to him. In a moment saw: what was to be done. He feigned a slip, fell upon the lantern, extinguished it, broke it to atoms. "Now he will not be able to see them," he said to himself.. As the very words were on his lips, and I as if to give them the lie, the moon burst through the clouds.. It flooded every cranny I of the wood with mystic radiant light. It revealed the old Moat House lying immedi ately at their feet, with such surprising vividness that Mr Browne's eyes remained J fastened on it, as if it had risen from the ground an enchanted palace. It revealed also a redcoat half-hidden' behind an oak tree. It was but for an instant that this burst of moonlight fell.; then all was dark. ness again. There was a moment's silence. -Mr Barsac rose from the ground. He'thought the stranger had not seen. "You are mad, sir,: surely," he said. And the voice of Mr Browne made answer in the darkiness in tones more melancholy, more fateful -than . Mr Barsac. had ever noticed in. it before. "Lead on, air .... ".. Lead onl" J 'There were,four people seated, at this I moment, round the dinner-table in the great hall of the Moat House. Two these, Captain Foster and rMiss Hawley,' sat silent, eating little, drinking nothing, eyeing "each 1 other now and again furtively, palpably oppressed. Captain Foster seemed especi ally under the influence of some disturbing I secret. At the slightest sound outside he I started, looked at the window, looked at I the door, then looked at Miss Hawley. 1 There was misery in' this look. There was e also pity in it. At the third or fourth start of this kind I which the Captain 'made, the other two diners noticed his agitation. "Hang 'it, sir, sit 'still, will you?" said I one' of them, a lean, wolfish-looking old l man, who sat at the head of the table. " Gad, the boy starts .as if he expected a I dun," said the other, a burly, butcherly-. looking gentleman, who sat under a sort of canopy of state at the other. The first of these speakers was General Henry Hawley, who had commanded under i the' Dke of Cumberland at Culloden. The second was the Duke of Cumberland himself. 1 General Hawley was a man of about fifty. I1 But he was bent in the back, grizzled. His gaunt face, long almost as a wolf's, was i drawn a little down on one side. It was a mask merely -lined with age and pain, I already half paralysed. This man who, in t earlier days, had ordered his victims to he I hung up in front of his parlor windows to help him digest his breakfast, seemed to feel in his lonely retirement the aid of some such I digestive. General Hawley's food had long t ceased to nourish him. He was a living i skeleton, who lived on liquids. For months I no solid food had passed his lips. To-night, however, in honor of his distinguished C visitor, he made from time to time a ghastly e pretence at eating. This attempted gour mandise was horriole. General Hawley's distinguished visitor, s though he was at this time' but forty-one r years of age, suffered like General Hawley - himself from a premature decrepitude-but ( yearsof excess had branded him in a different t way. A deplorable obesity weighed him s down. Racked with 'gout, his swollen a bloated face, his huge unwieldy form, his blood-shot eyes, were signs enough that he I preferred the torments of disease to the tedium of regular diet. Always an in temperate liver, the Duke of Cumberland i had to-night eaten and drunken beyond even his ordinary fill. He leaned heavily back I in his arm.chair, breathing stertorously. 1 The hues 'of apoplexy appeared upon his brow, but his blood.shot eyes remained still + fixed on .the bottle. Miss Hawley, sitting like a wood nymph between a lean and a bloated satyr, had 1 several times risen to leave the table (it was I evident that an orgie was about to set in). but each time her father, rousing himself 1 from his gorged reverie, had told her to sit i down. " 1 Suddenly there was a loud knock at the r outer door. There was something ominous I in this knock. Captain Foster started. He 1 intercepted a look of inquiry from Miss 1 Hawley, who turned pale. The Duke of Cumberland raised his black I eyes slowly from the bottle. "A visitor, t Hawley," he said. "No doubt the one the Captain has been expecting." "No visitor enters the Moat House to- I night," said General Hawley. His daughter now interposed. S"Think, sir," she said, "this may be I some poortreaveller who has lost himself in | the snow," . . ' , "Thenthe poor traveller may rot in the 5 snow, mis."' . I The. Duke of Cumberland, still supine under the canopied chair, emitted an amused gurgle. The brutality tickled ,him-re. I minded him of better days. While he was I still gurgling, a ,servant entered with a letter. He gave this to General Hawley, I with a grovelling subservience which this i master exacted from his household. The General first glanced at the signature. 4 This seen', he read the letter attentively. Then sat up in his chair and read it again.' It evidently surprised him. The letter.ran I thus:-" My General Hawley, I am here on State affairs this night, with one who little knows into whose house he is coming, I or that he is my prisoner. To prevent un necessary violence, be pleased to suppress your famous name, as also that of your I distinguished guest.-Yours to command, BARSAC." General Hawley folded the.letter. " Mr Baruac is without oh State business," he said. \- Miss Hawley gave a great start: she gasped, "State business !" Her father looked at her keenly. : "'Yes, miss, State business - and therefore no business. of yours." .Then, turning to the Duke,i" If it please your Highness, we will see this Barsac. He is a known and trusted agent, and he brings a stranger with him." Miss Hawley rose at the word " atranger," as if she bad been shot. All her iUnformed fears of the last twelve hours stirred into sudden life;.. She made a sodden motion to leave the room. "Sit down, miss," said the General. Then the girl obeyed the order: General Hawley one more turned to his guest-" Is it your Hi hneas's pleasure that we have tis felow n !" he asked. His lighnes gave his permission by anod and a'gunt. 4t the same time, he desired that ceremony might lhe sent to the 4euep, and reached out a gouty hand for the bottle, I "Show Mr Barse and the stranger in," said the General. The servant deparuted. There was a panse-broken only by the gurgling sound -.f wine ruabing down a Royal throat, tlhe ervant's qeiak tread aerose the courtyard, the anbarring of the need door, Durlg atbip. pslge, whioh seemed to-her to last hours, Miss Hawley, kept her eyes fixed on Captain Foster's'face. She saw her lover change colour-grow as white as a sheet-for the first. time that night, pour out a bumper with a trembling hand and drink desperately. "Captain Foster," she said, looking at him as if she would read his very soul,.! you know this stranger; I think." "So do you, madaine," cried Captain Foster, throwing his glass on. the table and starting from his chair. " What!" cried the General, turning a terrible look on his daughter, as she stood transfixed with terror, holding her hands on her heart. " What Ii " " Hush!" said the Duke of Cumberland, with something of an aroused interest. "Your stranger is here." And slow foot steps sounded on the stone hall. - She knew them in an instant-in one wild moment divined what was coming-sounded the whole horror of the situation to ita very depths. This girl lived a whole lifetime in this tremendous interval. But at the close of it she had made.np her mind what she shewould do. There should be no recognition this time. A second after she was face to face with him again. He came from behind a high screen, which- had been placed againsst.the door, paused gracefully, made a slight inclination to the people seated at the table. He was very pale, his dresswas in disarray, his crumpled linen still bore the signs of Mr Barsac's late despairing clutch, but he looked the chivalrous gentleman that he was, standing there, as motionless as a picture, with Mr Bariao's evil face peering over his shoulder. "I have lost my way, I fear, air," he said, in his low melancholy. voice, "and intrude; where I have no business. This gentleman, horwever, who rides with me, tells me that he is known to you, and-has prevailed upon me to throw myself on your hospitality for a night's shelter." He looked at ;the Duke of Cumberland as he spoke, supDosing him, from his seat under the canopy, to be the master of the house. The Duke, after eyeing him in. differently, pointed to General Hawley. "Yon are welcome, sir," said the General; "Will it please you to sit down. My daughter - Captain Foster. You are acquainted with both already !" "No, sir," said the stranger. He sat down by Miss Hawley's side with such an easy, unembarrassed air, that Mr Bareac even, still standing at the back, an amused spectator of the scene, eyed him with amazement, almost with admiration. It would have been impossible for any one to have supposed for a minute that the two had ever met, and seen each other before. But it would not have been so impossible had Mr Barsac been gifted with second sight, had he been able to see, to feel the wild hand-clasp .eloquent of sympathy, caution, love, despair, with which the pale, unmoved girl greeted Mr Browne under the table. Gestures are some times eloquent. This hand-clasp told Mr Browne all. A charming amile.played on his lips. He bowed his head lightly, in muterecognition, then looked up and saw General Hawley's filmy eyes fixed on hint-fixed upon him un certainly-in a curious prolonged stare. " You were fortunate, Mr Browne," said he, seating himself, "in riding with one so well acquainted as is Mr.Barsao with these inhospitable parts.- Without Mr Barase's I guidance you would hardly have found shelter." "Hardly, air, I believe. But I do not , see the gentleman. He has 'not left us, surely ? ".. "For amoment, sir.. ,Mr.Barsac has some alight preparations to attend to." The stranger. looked up. suddenly,, and intercepted a glance full of meaning between General Hawleyand the portly person still lounging back under.the canopied chair on his right hand. "1 think I still lack the honor of an introduction to this gentleman," he said. ;"Content. yourself, sir," said General Hawley. "The honour will be yours in time. For the moment the. gentleman prefers to remain incognite." Mr Browne coloured high. In spite of another wild, hidden pressure of Miss Hawley's hand he eyed both his host and the gentleman who preferred to remain incognito keenly. " This glance was returned by both gentlemen with interest. At this moment a servant brought in some dinner on a tray for the newly arrived guest, and a large flagon of old Nantes I orandy. Mr Browne's attention was instantly distracted. He attacked the victuals fiercely. The two elderly gentle men passed the brandy bottle between them -with equal gusto took long fiery draughts. Captain Foster alone sat silent, brooding on the opposite side of the table with his face covered with his hands. There was a silence. When Mr Browne had finished his meal, he pointed to this despondent figure. " Captain Foster does not drink," he said. "No, sir," said Captain Foster, not look ing up. "Then with your permission." And Mr I Browne took a great draught of brandy. Miss Hlawley rose. "Sit down," said her father. "Where 1 are you going " She said that if she'might be excused for a moment she needed her smelling-salts. They were in her room. This in reply to Captain Feaster, who offered with no great 1 alacrity to get them. She left the great hall by a small door in the corner, which opened immediately on to the staircase. She leaned heavily against this staircase for a moment, clutching the balustrade fiercely, afraid that she was going to faint. - Then, when after a great effort she had regained possession of herself, she went fleetly up stairs, crept through her darkened room, and, shrouding herself behind the curtain of the window, looked out. She saw Mr Barsac in earnest conversa tion with a soldier on the bridge over the moat. There were two bridges over the moat, besides this one immediately below I Miss Hawley'se bedroom window. The girl visited the two rooms, one of them the Duke of Cumberland's, which overlooked these two 'bridges; on each bridge she saw the same chilling sight-a soldier silently on guard. The Moat House was surrounded. Miss Hawley bathed her forehead with scent; then she went down again thought. fully, quietly, to the great :hall. -For a• moment ahel paused at the door, listening. Load voices were raised; bursta of thick laughter breaking upon these, proclaimed the nature of thus interior. Miss Hawley braced her.nerves for a chilling sight, and entered. It was well for her, steel-hearted as she was, that she had braced her nerves. The I eight wasindeed chilling. The Diuke of Cumberland had risen from his canopied chair. Maddened with final draughts of brandy, following potation? already deep, hishbrain had turned. Resting - his huge bl heavily on the table, he ad dressed an imaginary asombly. In hoarse, thick: accents he recounted the glories of Cnlloden--the brotal massacres which, directed by himself and his gallant friend opposite, had followed hard on that dire day; and his gallant friend opposite bowed his livid, ghastly face repeatedly on to the very table, in mute approbation of each sickening scene. Between them sat Mr Browne, his hand clenched round his glass, his deadly pale features writhing fiercely at each red recollection. Opposite to him Cap. tain Foster stared aghast. Standing there, a ailent horror-atricken spectator, Miss Haw leyremained onrecognised. Invainshetriedto attsract Mr Browne's attention--rto motion caution, aelf.commsnd, anything that frantic gestures of a girl already half distraught could impress on a man in deadly danger. Carried away with rising excitement, his pale lips mechanically repeating phrass of the deadly tale, Mr Brown sat thera heed less of her presence, like some wounded lion crouched for the avenging spring. At lst the climax came. With a sadden chaugefrommadvemon to drunkenle jocuinrity the hero of the day described his recipe for suppressing revolts. He painted the roads from Inverness to Fort Augustus on the morning after the battle, Castlas, houses, hats in flames A whole country ravaged with fire and sword I Men hunted apdanaot down'on' the mountains like wild beasts I Womeuorviolatd, after avning been foreed .p!5QaII 0f their hgashada .ensmtions1 Whole families shut in barns and burnt to ashes It was a saturnalia of slaughter, told by a madman. And the sranger-MrBmrowne-what of him Repeating phrase after horrible phrase louder and louder, till his voice awelled above the reciter's, the man's long pent-up rage found sudden, furious vent. He saw nothing of the hall of the Most House, no thing of Miss Hawley's imploringgesture, no thing of the present perl which hemmed him on all aides- nothing of all these-only in one wild vision the bleak Scotch hill sides sown with his alsughtered friends, the biasing villages-a whole country desolated for his sake-and the guilty two I He dashed the glass which he held clutohed in his hand with such violence on to the floor that it flew into a thousand fragments. lie reared himself to his fall height-his voice rang out like a trumpet summoning the guilty to judgment. ''urderers," he oried, "I know you now I By your works-at which a whole world has shuddered-by your works I know you ! Outragersofhumanity. Twin fiends of Hell ! I know you., Bloody Hawley ! and you, Butcher of Culloden I" (To be oesfinuad.) 