DlVlNK Service will be held at St. .Stephen's Presbyterian Church., l.i-inorrow, at the mual hums, Rev. j. (Jrouk.-tun, minium-. Subjects. -Morning: '/'lie fashion of this world. Evening: The departure of Israel's glory. WKSM5YANLHURCH.--ro-morrow(»iinday) Mr. Rowbotham will conduct service in the morning and the He v. VV. Jeffries at night, subject, ' A life worth living.' Mr. Row hothaui will conduct service at Drayton in tile afternoon, and the Rev. \Y. Jeffrie.-; at Plainby in the morning. Mr. Doran will conduct service at PitUworth in the morning and Southbrook in the afternoon. Oi Wednesday next the Rev. A. J. Webb, president of the Conference, will give an address in the Wesleyan Church on Home Mission work in Queensland. Particulars will be advertised in a later issue. Death of Mrs. Byrnes.— After an ill ness of comparatively brief duration Mrs. Byrnes, mother of the Attorney-General, died at her residence, Ycronglca, at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. The deceased (says Wednesday's Telegraph), was ? 71 years of age, having been bora at Cootehill county Cavan, Ireland, on August 4, 1824. She arrived at Sydney with her brothers in 1842\. She married in 1S46, and came to Queensland next year with her husband. In 1SC7 the family left the south for Rowcn, where they remained 7 years. At the end of that time Mrs. Byrnes returned to Bris bane in order to place her children at school, and she resided here with members of her family until the time of her death. She leaves five sons and 4 daughters. The elder sons follow mining and grazing pur suits in the north, and the youngest, as already stated, is the Hon. T. J. Byrnes, Attorney-General. Very general sympathy is expressed for the family in their bereavment. Departure of jMa.ioh-c;i:.\kuai. Owen. — Major-General Owen, whose term of office as Commandant of the Queensland land forces expired recently, lclt the l'ort Office wharf shortly before 9 o'clock on Thurs day morning, by the Government steamer Miner, to join the China steamer Changsha, in 'Moreton Bay. The men of the Per manent Force paraded on the wharf as a guard of honour, under Captain Barron, and the Headquarters' Band was also in atten dance. ' There were present also to farewell the general the principal officers of the Defence Force, including Colonel Lyster, ' Lieutenant-colonel Gartside, Major M'Clin \- tock. Major Jackson, Major Ricardo, Major Chnds. Cantain Bell (Mounted lnfantrvV. Captain Dowse, Captain Hutchison, Captain Lewis, the paymaster and con trollev of stores, Lieutenant 1'arry Okeden,, Lieutenant Hankin, Lieutenant ? 'White, Lieutenant Black, Sergeantniajor ' Rigby, and Sergeant-major Cooney. There were a few ladies present also, among whom was Mrs. Chads, General Owen spent some time in unui ini{ with the ofli(.u- picbcnt, ind sLiniLd leluitint to diaw the many little mttniLW to 1 do l At length he moved towiids the sttiinu 1'iviing the band on the way, he complimented them on thur succts!,, ind hop.d foi iti contmu ance. To the guard of' honour he also iddrcssed 1 few woids of horn, ind ui couiigi.im.nt Dining the list few ininutLi n of the gtnuil' stiy on tlu. nlmf, tlu. hud phyed seveial lively 111 , unong tjn.ni bti ig ' I he Gnl I Left Hdn id Me |.l-m. 1 1, 1 cornet solo, with; accompaniment. 'As tin. steamer'-, « 11 p imili.iI jf iidtu.\i. lI got undcrw ly, tu^ I) rid tiuJ up Anld Ling Sync ' 1 he gcit.nl ind ill pilot it 1 used then hits, and is the vessel fiiilv clciiul the wharf thi«.e he utj elieei ueie sent ittei the 'enei il beveiil of the p iieipil fli 1 ii iu - 1 -i 11c 1 tlu 'i. 1 1 il I u 1 1 tn bi - / , I lit CrivNi OWDli Pie In 111 my II 1 ^ 'i » tit, |)i - itio 1 lie 1 mil,; sttiililv L s vill b^ luiiud ta lujht it 6 30 lln. Ui . i v. M 1 1J My. .^u.1 ill U.U to make a btait bught and oil) this tune Si.'OTt'll Conckkt. — A company of metro politan vocalists, touring under the auspice-, (if the Queensland Scottish Association, gave a concert in the Royal Assembly Rooms on Thursday evening last. They were assisted by two or three local singers, ami the management 01 the company devolved to a large extent upon the members of the Burns Club, the monthly reunion of the club being postponed in honour of the occasion. The attendance was far from satisfactory, and the manage ment of the affair, o;i the whole, still further so. With the exception of an excision or two, and a like number of substitutions, t'ne- musical programme was successfully carried out, but the dance — more of that anon. The Brisbane contingent consisted of Miss Amy Kennedy, Messrs. McMinn and Wheeling, and Master Colin Reed. Of these Miss Kennedy was by far the most successful,' scoring an encore at each appearance. Her songs, ' Annie Laurie,' ' The Scottish Emigrant,' ' Caller Hcrrin,' and 'Within a mile of Edinboro. town' perhaps were never better sung on the local boards, not, however, because the singer possesses superior vocal powers to others we have or may have had amongst us, but because the characters are attempted and a better effect is procured by dramatic aid than it is possible to obtain by any other means. The reputation of the ' auld Scotch songs' is not founded solely upon the freshness and purity of the music in which they are couched, indeed it may even be questioned if this is so much accoun table for their popularity as the nature of the themes. Were the most brilliant concert singer to attempt ' Caller Hcrrin ' in a 'low-necked brocaded silk evening cos tume' there is a reasonable probability that she would get wrecked half way through. Scotch songs, to be properly sung, require that the theme should require quite as much attention as the music. Still it must not be inferred that our opinion of Miss Kennedy's standing as a vocalist (leaving out of con sideration her extra talent as a dramatist) is less pronounced than those generally ex pressed by critics before whom she has appeared. Her voice is of decent range — only once demonstrated, however — and pos sesses a great many notes of exceptional pureness. Mr. Wheeling contributed two numbers, ' Mary 0' Argyle,' and ' Mere's a Health Bonnie Scotland to Thee,' both of which were very deservedly encored. Mr. Wheeling has a baritone voice of excellent timbre, also the talent of exercising it in the most difficult passages without, apparently, much effort. Mr. McMinn is a doubtful tenor. His contributions consisted of ' The Highlandman's Toast' and 'The Battle fields _ of Scotland.' 'Wee' Colin Reed danced the ' Gliillie Calhi 111 ' early in the programme to the music of the -pipes, in a very creditable manner, considering the age and wisdom ol the youth, who has probably received a colonial musical education, Mr. \ Mu tiid ess-iyed the 'Highland Fling' in pliee of the 'bairn' in the second half, ind did it with much grace, notwithstanding the meisuie Mrs. Christie, whose mellow contralto, we are inclined to think hone the less of beeiiise it did not appear at its best on this oll lbion, sang ' O, for the Bloom 0' my own Native Heather,'- and took one side ol the duet ' 1 he Crookit Bawbee,' which would have been a remarkable success had not something in the shape of a la/- 1 lit^n on the part of the 'other' en npleteh in irrcd the effect of the c-u- elu lin,* pis 14c Mr. J. l'rovan miintaineil his leputition is a promising baritoie ??imjer in two vi.ii- and Mr. Gr.itton. sa.ij{ ' The Lnel eiine down 'with hi - customary humour, Mr. W. Trevetlni eoitubute 1 t\\\ - oveitiue-i 111 fii t el 1 s style b si k i,.t.i up 1 n 1 1^ nost of t le 1 1 'e si 1 »u M I -. 1 I) 1 1 h 11 l 1 the hit t 1 1 1 1 1 - 1 1 1 ^ I ' 1 1 il 1 1 1111 it 1 j 1 1 I it j 111 miuti id 1 sym nthetie 11 en 1 111 nn iti In le Intel) liter tie 'ist 11 1 -u 0 t le pio'innim. 1 ) I 'announcement was nia.le frnm this st.i'- . that a ddiice u'juM lollcw the concert. 1 1 There was no dance And we hope there never will be one in Toowoomba in which an officer takes part who made himself so,; offensive as did one on this. occasion.. The. recent -remarks of a learned judge in Too woomba would have been more apropos had they been applied in this case; ; Brisbane people must not evince less care in their country than in their metropolitan practice. Courtesy is an appreciable virtue only when its exercise is not restricted. Herein lay the fault of the^management. .'.-. - P. B. B. & I. Society.— Members of this society are requested to leave their pass books at, the office, Margaret-stre°t, on or before 30th inst. for the purpose of the half yearly audit. The Haydn Entertainment. — The entertainment at the School of Arts, on Monday evening should be well patronised. 'Haydn ' is the first of the series of blight mnsical renderings. Vocalists and orchestra will give illustrations from 'Creation,' ' First Mass,' 'Seasons,' &c.; Seats can be reserved without extra charge. Programme can be obtained from Messrs. Paling and Co., G. Burnell and Co., and at the library. Success Assured.— With each sitting of eggs sold by W. A. Noble a guarantee is' given of not less than eight chicks. Book your orders at once — now is the time. Langshans, Plymouth Rocks, Indian Game, and Brown Leghorns — four of the hand somest and most profitable breeds in exis tence. Eggs, 21s., and 105. 6d. per clutch, sent freiglit paid to any address. W. A Nom.E, Ncwtown Poultry Farm, Too woomba. 1197a 'The Graphic.' — We have received from Messrs. J., II. Robertson & Co. the summer number of the Graphic. It is a more than usually interesting one, interes ting as such numbers invariably arc. Ac companying it is a large coloured pic ture. of 'The Sponging House' from a painting by Edgar Bundy, giving a viyiJ presentation of the scenes, as des cribed by Thackeray and other master hands, such as abound in these dens. The initial story is alleged to have been written for the amusement of Seti II, King of r-gypt, more than 3000 years ago. J. R. Weguelin has thrown ' all his power into the weird and striking illustra tions. It is entitled 'The Tale of the Two Brothers, Anpu and Bata, and of Anpu's Wicked Wife.' The other stories, mostly illustrated, are : 'A Piece of Black Oak,' by Eden Phillpotts ; ' The Block of Purple Jasper,' by Buckles Willson ; ' Act ing for the Best,' by E. Ncsbit; 'The Panther,' by Ii. S. Merriman ; ' Bungalow Ghosts,' by Hal. Dane ; ' A Parliamentary Division,' by G. E. Mitton : ' Jenkinson's Giraffe,' by Gerald B. Green; 'A Gentle man — Once!' by F. W. Robinson; ' Atone ment,' by W. D'elesplaine Scull ; and ' The Green Water,' by Teodoro Serrao. There is a handsome double page engraving of 'Cupids on the Alert,' and a pleasing full page one entitled 'Ha! Ha! Ha!' The beautiful cover illustration, ' The Rose Maiden,' will possess a peculiar ac ceptance in Toowoomba where the chairm ing cantata of that name has been before the public so much. Gordon Club Sports. — Competitor in these sports are informed that entries are extended to Wednesday, August 22ml. A full programme will be out on Monday. ; 1205a H. Sinclair and Co. hold their usual Saturday's sale of farm, garden, and dairy produce, &c;, this morning at 11. T. G. Robinson and Co. sell this day, at II, 20 horses, 12 dairy cattle, 40 pigs, meat, produce, vegetables, &c;, &c.; T. G. Robinson and Co. sell on Saturday next block with cottage, &c;, corner Hume and Long streets. 