THE MISTER! OF CLEMENT DUNRAVIN. BY JEAN MIDDLEMAS, Asthor of “ A Girl in a Thousand,” “ Sealed by a Kiss,” etc. CHAPTER XXX.—(Coktimjed.) ' Xno subject of (be beard wan not pursued, Sir Clement bad got hie wife's consent'to its being grown, and that was all he wanted. Still, sue was too much taken up with her letters to think of any thine but them for the moment. “ They will be here to-day, Clem,” she “ By ‘they* I suppose you mean Elvira and lady Marcia ?" “ Exactly. I am so glad.'’ And the. excitement she showed about the matter quite verified his hope that with the arrival of her two intimate friends new life would be infused into Lady Gertrude’s .prostrate frame. This to an extent made him forget his trouble about the spectre Singleton that he knew might start up at any moment like Banquo’a ghost, and trouble the seemingly even current of hiB days. Thus the little excursion to the Greek Chapel was much more lively than might have been expected, and by tho time thoy re turned to the hotel tho drive through the .sweet, balmy air and tho frAgrauoe from the woods had certainly done Lady Gertrude good. The travellers had just arrived when they .returned, and the greetings were most affec tionate, though naturally tampered with sad ness, as Lady Gertrude’s trouble had fallen npon'her since her friends had left homo. Elvira Delane had quite recovered her spirits, and Lady Marcia, notwithstanding her supposed ailments, hud never lost hers, .so the dinner which Sir Ciemsut had ordered with much care was done ample justice to, -and though Lady Gertrude said she was very weary, and would bo glad to go to led, she was not allowed to brood. The cheering regimen which Sir Clement had for somo timo past been prescribing for her in his mmd had began with a vengeance. Would it prove of lasting efficacy, or fol lowing the fate of many another rogimen •that has gone before it, would the teat bo too eovere for her slender stock ot strength. It soomed almost like it, for by the time they allowed her to go off to bed her vitality was so completely spent that she nearly fainted when she tried to walk across tho room, and Sir Clement had to carry her to her own apartments. Lady Marcia shook her bend anxiously ae Bhe saw them depart. “ Alas, alas,” she said, “ where is our beanie blithe Gertrude of long syne P Oh ior tho days that are gone.” “ They will rotura, at all evonts let ua hope so,” said Elvira. “ Clement seems de voted, why should they not be happy? When I thought he loved another woman I doubted that they could ever bo so, but I think we maligned him—I boliovc Gortio is his only love ” Lady llareia shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know what it all means," she said. “ It is beyond you and mo to fathom, but there is something very queer about Olemeut, and in consequence about Gertio. Whether she knows what it is or not I can not make out, but whatever tho trouble, it is killing her.” “ Oh, Lady Marcia, do you cot think that it is sorrow over tho baby’s death that is makiDg her ill, and with time she will get over it, ns others have done before her ? ” “ She was quite as queer bafere the baby died, and as ior bun, can anything be stranger than his waysHa gives you the idea of a man who is always oxpecting a bailiff or somo police official to tap him on the shoulder. Between you and me, Elvira, and with closed doors, I should have half suspeoted be had had something to do with poor Tierce Vaughan’s death if lie had not been almost as queer before it happened.” “ Oh, don’t," cried Elvira, •’ pray don’t go on; I shall not sleep a wink if you put suoh ideas in my head, and I am dreadfully tirod.” Then, womanlike, she asked, “ Whsi-da-xqu. think i iii inn ii ii i rTTr*-1 -run- trouble before he was married, I daresay, and which he is always suspecting will come out and make asosudal. But hero he comes;” and with a sudden change .or voice and manner, Lady Marcia continued—“ I am aura you will like Wiesbaden, dear, it is such a pretty place, and the right sort of people aro always to he found here. Seen anyone you know, Clement “No. Wo have been about so little, it haB been so difficult to rouse Gertie, but I hope she will bo better now you have come.” •‘I hope so, indeed. We will do our best to amuse ber. We have had a very pleasant timo—have met a lot of desirablo pooplo.” “ And soma very undesirable ones,” put in Elvira. “Oh, that goes without saying. Well, oven tho undesirable ones have their advan tages ; they often amuse you and circulate your blood by making you laugh. That oddity who proposed to you on the platform of the railway station, for example.” “The wretch!" “Hullo, Elvira, have you had a pro posal?” asked Sir Clement, forcing bimaelf to take an interest in their conversation, though his thoughts were elsewhere. “You did not aocept him, 1 hope. What will Berkeley say f” Elvira did not answer, but Bhe colored up and looked keenly at Sir Clement, as though seeking to find out how much he know about her relations with Sir Miles Berkeley. “ And then there were those queer paople who arrived at Basle tuo night before we left. A burly nerlh-country parson and an invalid Neither could speak a word of any language than their own, and yet they were both fussy and loauatious. If Elvira andl had not come to tho rescue, niadame would have gone supperless to bod, for, no one in tho hotel would have understood that tho ‘ de btcuf ’ could possibly mean ; consomme.’ ” Sir Clement laughed ; still, ho looked and felt very uncomfortable. “ I thought they spoke English new in all tho big hotels,” he said. “ So they do, but ths big hotels wera full, and we were all in an annexe with raw servants unaccustomed to English people. And tho discomfort that particular couple would have oxporieneed without our assist ance would, I think, have made them return home without delay. Oh, it was funny. I hope we shall see him again. Eb gave me his oard. I wonder what I did with it f”. She felt iu her pocket and produced a small ease, from whioh she drew tho objeot for which she was looking— Rev. Abel Singleton. “ There it is ; look at it, Clement. Such a name—Abel. Ho lives up to it, too, for ho looks like an antediluvian animal.” Sir Clement took the card, which trembled in his fingers. So they were at Basle. He was glad to know their whereabouts ; still, it was a Bhook to learn chat Lady Marcia and Elvira bad beenin direct communication with these dreaded people. “ Wo tried to persuade them to coma here,” went on Lady Marcia, “ by telling thorn we were Bure it waB just tho place for an invalid, but they were so bent on Switzerland that wo could not move them.” How thankful Sir Clement was that they were immovable, who sball say? Still, it was no pleasing contemplation that these -intimate friends of his wife's might any day receive a communication from the only man who conld shed that light on his past life which must inevitably rain him in the eyes of everyone for whose opinion ho cared. , Above all, with Lady Gertrude. Thus thinking of her, ho threw Hr Single ton’s oard back to Lady Marcia and asked: “ How do you think my Gertie is looking —better or worse than yon expected ?" Lady Marcia, with her mmal blnntness, answered straightforwardly: « Worse.' If yon don’t take care, Clement, she will slip through vonr fingers. I can't think-what.on earth it is that has worried her into this condition — but I suppose you know?” - ■ | “Isshe worried?’ 11 “C»me, come, man, don’t, prettil—of course she is worried. Do you and sjitbavo disagreements in private 1 You will ^ that is not my business; but if anyone gfari me the idea of an unhappy wife, it is podr.dear Gertie.” | "On my honor, Lady Marcia, wfiiavo never had a word of disagreement In our lives. We are always most affectionate If Gertrude is worried, the cause is unknown to me, except, of ooureo, tho poor bby'g | death, and that is a sorrow, not a worry” “ She was worried before tho baby diV I was saying so to Elvio only just ;rmt. Naturally, I thought you knew all about t.y •‘I assure you I know nothing. jvor sinoe I married her I have made strenisni endeavors to do tho best 1 can for her, uni to keep her as muoh as possible from everything that might annoy or vox her. Nor da I think she is worried, but I fear she is very ddi Aud so saying, he laid his head on the table on hia folded hands, and his whole frame shook convulsively. > Elvira got up and went to him. I “ Good old Clement,” ehe said, “ don’t tske on; we must cheer up Gertie, and she will be all right. She can’t go on fretting if there is nothing to fret about.” He did not look np, bat he took one of his hands from under his head and held it out to “If ever anything should happen to mo you will be good to my Gertie, you and Miles Berkeley; eli, Elvira?”. She did not answer for a moment. The coupling of her name with that of Sir Miles Berkeley startled her, but she pressed Sir Clement's extended hand. Then Bhe tried to toss tho subject from her. “ Why do you talk like that to frighten one. Nothing is tho matter with yon. it to, Gertrude who Is In danger, not you.” “Wo never know where danger lies,” he answered. “ Only promise me you will look after Gertrude.” “ Of course I will, but for goodness sake don’t let us have any more dismal conversa tion to-night. We talk about horrors until wo imagine they really exist.” “ Yes,” said Lady Marcia, rising. “ Let us go to bed, and get up iu the morning prepared to enjoy this delightful plnoe.” And so they left him, both thinking they bad discovered whore tbe mischief lay. Sir i Clement had some mortal malady, and Lady Gertrudo knew or guessed of it. Ay, so he had, bat not of the sort they sus pected. If Singleton followed hitn up and chattered out the most ghastly past, there would be nothing for it but suicide. Was that to be the end? ho wondered. And how selfish an end ! Was he to die for his own selfish pleasure ns ho had lived, leaving Lady Gertrude all alone to bear the brunt of the revelations that would be made ? Danger for Gertrude. What did Elvira mean by danger to Gertrude ? Did she think she was going to die 1 His Gertrude to bo taken from him, as the ohild had been, as everything he loved in life would bo taken in punishment for his sin. With Gertrude’s death the avenging angel must stay his hand, as, come weal or woo, it would bo all the same to him then—Singleton might say his say, the law might do its When morning dawned C'oment Dnnraven was still sitting there thinking out the pro blem of the future ; nor was he aroused from tho miserable contemplation of what might one day happen, until Lady Gorcrude herself, iua long, 'white, trailing gooru, stood on the threshold of the door, so startling him by her gpectre-liice appearance, that the strong man cried aloud iu fear. 