Ren sm -WANNING I /QUEST- m DY beatram 75 w\ I Author of " The Gun-Runner, Romance of Zulu- laud," " 'Tween Snow and Fire," " Through the Zulu Country: Us Battlefields and its People." etc. CHAPTER XXtlL — Foixgwutg the Clue. It takes a little time to get used to sleep ing out in the open, .and on the bard ground. The. latter the novice is apt to find hard In deed. There is always that refractory lump or stone just under the hip bone, and by the time he has removed this, or shifted his posi- tion, he only settles down to find two similar sources of affliction where there was but one before. If timid he will think of stakes, if nervous he will he momentarily imagining some cold, creeping thing crawling over his ear or sneaking inside toe legs of hia trousers. Add to this the novelty of the situation, and the hundred and one varying voices of the night, which, combine to keep him awake, and it follows that however alluring to the embryo traveller may be the prospect of " camping out," the reality is less pleasant — till be gets used to it. Renshaw, remarking that late for. midable visitant needn't have wished than good-night quite so loudly, rolled him self in a blanket, and in ten minutes was fast asleep. But Sellon, bring new to. this kind i of thing, speedily fell a victim to each and all of the little inconveniences above de tailed, and passed a most uncomfortable aud restless night. The howling of thehj aenas, mingling with the shriller "yap" of the hunting jackal — sounded continuous — then, just as he was dropping off into a doze, the loud " baugh ! baugfa j of a troop of baboons Ion the mountain side, started him wide awake again, his first impression being that | their late visitor was prowling around, in- I tent on cultivating a closer acquaintance, j Twice, indeed, he did hear that thundrous, : muffled roar, which once heard is so unmis- | takable, but it was in the tor distance. On ' the whole, therefore, ail untested as he was, he felt anything but sorry when his eom- I p&nion;, looking out from under his blanket, stared at the stars, then leisurely sat up. " By Jove ! I've been envying you," growled Sellon. " You've been sleeping liVft a log, and I've hardly closed my eyes ail night." " Not, eh? Ah, I forgot you're not used to this sort of thing. You soon will be, though. Turn in again a little longer while I brew the coffee." " Coffee ! Why, man, it isn't daylight yet" "No, but in a few minutes it will be. However, you lie still. Try «.««? snatch another hour's sleep. I'll see to every thing." He was as good as his word. When Sellon awoke— not in another hour, but rather more than two — the sun was already up, but his comrade was nowhere to be seen, nor woe the horses. There was the coffee kettle, however, handy by the fire, and some biscuit. Having absorbed a steaming cud or two, Sellon lighted his pipe and felt i better. A double report- sounded from some way along the river bank then and there. In about twenty minutes Renshaw returned. "I've been marketing," he said, turning half-a-dozen ring doves out of his pocket. " These little jokers are not half bad when grilled on the coals, and they don't take long to cook. To-night will be the last we can make a fire, until we find ourselves here again — that is, if we oome back this way.'' " Well, I shall go and get a swim," "said Mannee, jumping up and stretching him self. " A swim ? Hold hard. Where will vou get it ?" J " In the river, of coarse," was the as- tonished answer. But Renshaw shook his head. " You'd better not try it, Sellon. It isn't safe." "Why? Alligators?" " Yes. You can't go into deep water. But there's shallow a tittle way up, where you can hare a good splash. It's only a matter of s few inches if you keep close to the bank —and you must keep dose to it, too. I've been in myself this morning — and, by the wmie token, it's the last chance of tubbing we shall get. I'll go as firms the rise and print you out the usee. Half an hour later Sellon returned, rpLt- Tiy>rattd fcy his hath and clam cuing for hunk fail. The birds had hew plucked and spread upon the embers, split open, spatchcock fashion, and when ready afforded our tra veller" a toothsome breakfast. Then they saddled up. " We sha'n't do our thirty miles to-day," aid Renshaw, as they rode along. "We started too late. But that wem't greatly matter. We have plenty of time, and it's better to keep the horses fresh than to rush than through." "So it is. But, I say, this plaoe is like the Umtirara Valley, minus the bush and the greenness." " as. As they rode on, the desolate . wilderness of the defile increased. Rocky dopes sparsely grown with stunted hush, the usual cliff formation clearing the sky-line. Boulders large and small studded the val- ley, lying like so many houses on the hill sides or piled up in unpleasantly obstructive profusion, right along the lineof march. Of animal life there was little enough. Hero and there an armor- plated tortntno stalking solemnly among the stones, large bird of prey circling overhead — hut of game, no sign. As the sun moon tod higher and | higher, pouring his rays into the defile as j though focussed through a burning glass, the heat tried Sellon severely. " This is awful," he growled, for the fiftieth time, mopping his steaming face. " Is it going to be like this a& the way !" " It may be. But we shall have to do most of our moving about at night. We can take it easy now and off-saddle, and trek on again towards sundown. Until we actually begin our search, I know the ground by heart. Gome, now, Sellon, you must keep up your determination. It's beastly toying, I know, for an unseasoned chap ; but think of the aid." " I believe Til get a sunstroke first," was the dejected reply, as the speaker flung him self wearily on the ground. " Not a bit oi it. Here, have a drop of liquor — but you'd better take it weak, or it'll do more harm good." And, getting out a pannikin, Renshaw poured in a little of the contents of his judiciously dilut ing it from the water-skin slang across the packhoxse. This water-skin, by the way, was an in genious contrivance of his own, and of which he was not a little proud. like its Eastern prototype — upon which it was modelled — it consisted of a good-sized Angora kid — one of the legs serving tor a spout. " Not a bad dodge, eh ?" acquiesced Ren shaw, in response to bis companion's re mark. " The water has a leathery taste, I admit, but it's better than none at all. I hit upon the idea wben I first began these expe ditions. Something of the kind was abso lutely essential. Trekking with waggons you carry the ordinary vaat je (a small, dram- shaped keg), slung between the wheels, but it's an inconvenient thing to load up cm a horse — in fact, the second attempt I made the concern got Loose and rolled the whole way down & mountain aids — of coarse, I splintering to atoms. Besides, th?« thing j holds mere and keeps the water cooler. I came near dying of thirst that time, bring ! three nights and two days without 8 drop of anything ; for this is a mighty dry country, I needn't tell you." " W bat if the whole yarn should turn "one moonshine after all said Sellon, with the despondency of a thoroughly exhausted man. " There's one thing about it that looks fishy. How could what's his name — Green way — wounded as he was, fetch your place in two or three day s ? Why, it'll take us nearly a week to do it — if not quite." " That very thing struck me at first," odd I Renshaw, quietly shredding up a piece of Boer tobacco. " My impression is, he didn't come back the same way as he went. You I see, he knew the country thoroughly. He may have taken a short cut and come straight over the mountains. For I'm prettv sure the way we are taking is an altogether round about one." " Then, why couldn't the fellow have told you the shorter one, instead of rending us round three sides of the square F" That's soon explained. In the first place, this way is easier to find, the land marks mora unmistakable, and the travelling better. In the second, you must remember the poor old chap was at his last gasp. It's a good thing for you, Sellon, that he was, for if he had only lived half an hour longer — even & quarter — he'd have given fuller details, and I should have found the place long ago. Look how dis jointed the last part cf his story is—just the main outlines, trusting to me to fill in detail. I tell you. it was quite pitiable to see the manful effort he made to keep up until he had said his say." Later in the afternoon, the heat having somewhat abated, they resumed their wy, which grew at every mile mote rough and toilsome, between those lofty wails, winding round a spur, only to find a suooeerion of similar spurs further on. Then the sun wont off the defile, and a coolness truly refreshing succeeded. Renshaw, leading the way, h»M steadily on, for there was light enough 'from the great sparkling canopy above to enable them to more than distinguish outline. At length the moon rose. "Look ahead, Sellon, mid tell me if you see anything," said Renshaw at H "See anything? Why, no. Stop a bit, though, shading his eyes. " Yes. This infernal valley has ooms to an end. There's a teg pxeripioe bang ahsad of us. We can't get any further." " Not, eh f Well, now, look to the left," Sellon obeyed, At right angles to the 1 TrikftW bad been "wading, Md whWt here opened out into a wide basin, barred in tout by the oliff referred to, similar defile. "There it is," oontinued Renshaw in & satisfied tone. " That's the « long 'poort mentioned by Greeuway— and" lxmitinrr to the right — "three are the two moofe/" It was even as he said. The situation corresponded exactly. "Well go into camp now," said Ren shaw. ."Let's see what you'll think of m hoteL " ' Turning off the track they had been nnr. suing, Renshaw led the way up a slrnht acclivity. A number of bould4 Uv aSSS around to a kind of natural stottebsnge. to the mldstwas a circular depression, eootein- ing a title water, the remnant of the test rain fall. , „ " Look there," he went on, pointfag out a smoke- blackened patch nut IBs " That's my rid fireplace Our Uses will be quite as much as ft can beany where, that is. 80 now we'll eet to work and make ourselves snug." Until he became too fatigued to softer his mind to dwell upon anything but his own disoomfort, Sellon had been cudgelling his Ttr»<n« to solve the mystery of the resusci tated document, but In vain. He was almost in r»l in aA at last to attribute its abstraction and recovery to the agency of the dead adven turer's ghost. But the solution off the mystery was a very simple one, and if Sellon deserves to be left in the darkness of perplexity by reason of the part he played in the matter, the readerdoes not. So we may briefly refer to an incident which, unknown to the former, had occurred on evening of Renshaw's retain to his most uninviting home. He had been very vexed over the French leave taken by Ids retainer, as we have seen. But, when his anger against old Dirk was at its highest, the letter's consort, reckoning the time had come for playing the trump card, produced a dirty roll of paper. Handing it to her master, sh# recommended him to take care of it in future. - Renshaw's surprise as he reoogmsed its identity waa something to witness — almost as great as Selion's. He had been going about all these weeks, thinking the record of his precious secret as secure as ever, and all the while it waa in the dubious care of a slovenly old Koraxma woman. But on the subject of hew it came into her possession, old Kaatje was reticent. She had taken care of it while the Baas was sick — and, hut for her it might have beau loft beyond recovery. More than this he could not extract — except an earnest recommen dation to look after it better in the future. However, its propitiatory object was accom plished, and he could not do otherwise than pardon the AcfwnlHngr Dirk, on the spot. The fact was, she had witnessed the stranger's doubtful proceedings and having her suspicions had determined to watch him. When she saw him deliberately steal her j master's cherished " charm," she thought it was time to interfere. She had accord ingly crept up to the open window and reft the paper out of Selion's hand — as we have seen. So poor old Green way 'g ghost may rest absolved in the matter, likewise the Enemy ef man irind and the preternaturally accom plished baboon. And, although she did not state as much, the fact was that the Korsnna woman had Intended to return the document upon Renshaw's recovery, but had refrained, on seeing him about to take his departure in company with the strange Baas, who she dis trusted, and not without good reason. CHAPTER XXIV. — The Two Tchket- Heads. " Hurrah! The scent is getting warm,'' cried Sellon, as winding round a spur they came into fall view oi a huge ooffee- cannister- shaped mountain. It was the end of the third day's trek. Making an early start from the snug camp ing place where we last saw them, they had pushed steadily on until the heat of the day became too oppressive. Then after a long rest they had resumed their ma.rnht tmd now it was evening. " Yes, but itH have to get warmer still to be of much use," replied Renshaw. " Look ! There's the other turret- head." High aloft, rising from behind the slope of the first, a great " elbow" of cliff started into view. Then a turn of the road once more hid it from right. " There are the two refered to by poor old Green way," said Renshaw. ''The third, the smaller one, lies beyond them to the north west." " Eh? Then, why on oath are we going in slap the opposite direction ?" For the « poort" they had been threading here came to an abrupt termination, splitting off into a gradually ascending kloof on each ride of the first of the two great Without a moment's hesitation Renshaw had taken the left-hand one— heading southwesterly. - " You oaa't get anywhere by the other way, Sellon. Nothing but alleys aiding in a krantz." Half an hour or so of rough uphni travelling mid they halted on a greasy nek. And now the two great mountains stood forth rightagainst their lineof march. Rising up, each in a steep, unbroken grassy slope, they could nothave beoi Ires thin 3,000ft. from the valley which girgled their base like the trench ef an rid Roman enoampstsnh The crest of each was belted around oy a smooth perpendicular wall of oliff about a third of the height of the mountain itself, gleaming bronze red in g glow barred toe and there with livid perpendicular streaks, showing where a ookmy of aasvoseis had found a nesting plaoe, poeribly fxomtime immemorial, among the ledges and wwnjn upon its inaccessible face. " By Jovol" cried Sellon, as, after a few minutes halt, they rode along the hillside to toneath the two majestic giants. By Jove, teat I never saw such an extraordinary formation 1 Some of Mitmmi torret toads we passed on our way down to bel wood's were quaint enough— hut these beat any thing. Why, they re as like as two peas. And— the atee of them. I say, though, from thetop «watiy we should get "Should I Yes, if we could only reach it. But we can t. The krauts la just as impracticable aH round aa on this aide. I triad the only nlaoe teat looked like awey, onoe. Its round at the took of the second one. Three a a narrow rooky fissure all with mridenhate-fern— tnarees and masereri it. Well, I suppose I otimtod a couple of and had to give up. Moreover, it took me the tost pari of the day to oome down again, for It I hadn't oaUed all my nerve into play, and patieaoe, too, It would tokens fraction of a second— and —the fraottoa of every tone iu my anatomy. No. Those summit will neverbe trodden by mortal foot— unlets tome fellow there in a balloon, that is," An hour of further riding, and ttov had fetotod fee extreme endritoTieroSd BlgUrtlotwtrt. Of the latter with thenJ end tofaaridgeeon th, left. ffishertS, had been ascending by au easy gradW NowRenrimw, riShoff abrapt!?£ right, lea the way obtiqoy doJr/."t reeky deoUnty. Steepn end rteenwtt 1 banana ull the ridan deemed it edriMbf. <T SHPP'O. retambW aUdra among the loon .tone., the eUanS Eren the pack-horse, h game little Bagnio pony, appointed to ttot office by reason of his extra sure-footednets was within an ace of coming to grief more than onoe, white Selion's larger steed actually did turn a complete somersault, luckily with, out sustaining any injury, but causing hi owner to bless his stars he was on his fret at the time. The second great turret-head foreshortened against the sky, now dime peared, shut back from view by the steep ffj» of the ground." "We have touched bottom at aet," Eawi Renshaw, e% to the unspeakable relief of the residue oi the party— equine no less than tinman — comparatively level ground was reached. Bat the place they were now in looked like nothing so much as & drr stony river-bed. Barely a hundred yards in width, ft was shut in on either side by gloomy i kraatzre, shearing up almost from the levri itself." What a ghastly hole !" said Maurice whom tile dismal aspect of the gorge del preaeod. " How much further are these tunnel-like infernos going to last, Fanning I swear it felt like a glimpse of daylight again, when we were riding up there past the two eaaister-.Headed gentry just now." "I shouldn't have thought you were such an imaginative chap, Sellon." "Well, you see, this everlasting feeling of bring shut in is dismal work. Beastly de« pressing, don't you know." " You must make up your mind to it a fittie longer. There's a water- hole about au hour from here, and there well ofi-saddle and fie by for a snooze. By the way, it's dry tore, isn't it f" Ghastly ! It looks hke a plaoe where a stream should be running, too." " Well, I've seen such a roaring, racing mountainous torrent galloping down here that there wasn't foochold for man cr beast anywhere between three krantzes. By the bye, you may devoutly pray that there's no rain daring the next few days. A thunder storm in the mountains higher up would set the whole of this place hamming with water." The sun had left them, and the grey dead silence of the savage defile seemed to echo back the tones of their voices and the clink of the horses' hoofs with abncrm&l; clearness. Sellon eyed the grim rock wails towering over their toads, and growled : " Well, it's a beastly place, as I said before. And talking about water, that's the ' worst of this country — you always have either not enough, or else too much of it. Ail the same, I'm glad to hear we shall soon have some to dilute our grog with to-night, Tnis rattling over stones is dry and throaty work, and the water in your leathern thing mctet have touched boiling point by cow What's the row ?" The last came in a quick, startled tone, Renshaw had suddenly slid from his saddle, and was picking up some of the large stones which lay in such plentiful profusion. Ashe arose from this occupation a great rolling, writhing shape became apparent upon a sandspit barely a dozen yards off. Up went the hideous head into the air, waving to and fro above the great heaving coll, and the cruel eyes scintillated with a baleful nre. The horses backed and shied in alarm, snorting violently. Shorter and shorter be came the movements of the head, and the forking tongue protruded as the formidable reptile emitted a blood- curdling hiss. Maurice Sellon felt himself shuddering with horror and repulsion as he gazed for the first timw upon the glistening, check -patterned coils of a large python. Whizz ! Whack ! The stone launched from Renshaw's practised hand just grazed "the waving neck, knocking splinters from the rock behind. With another appalling r iss, the creature, its head still aloft, began to unooil, as if with the object of rushing upon its antagonist. Whack! With unerring aim, with the velocity of a catapult, the second stone c%m 9 full in contact with the muscular writhing neck. The frightful head dropped as if by magic, and the great scaly coils heaved ana - sprawled about on the sand in a dying agony. " Broken his neck," said Renshaw, cautiously approaching the expiring rep tile, mid letting into him with the remaining stones he told in his left hand. " Python- Twelve feet if he's au inch." " Good old shot ! First rate I" cried Man- riee, enthusiastically. " I say, old chap, I envy you. A great wriggling brute like that makes me sick to look at ban. Pah he added, with a shudder. " Look out for his mats," said ResshaWi remounting. " Pythons often go in couples. And I am sorry to say there area good many snakes about tore." Baugh ! Ban— augh i" The loud sonorous bark echoed forth la sterttteg suddenness among the overhanging eiifls. But It didn't seem to come from high overhead. It sounded almost in their path " Baboons !" arid Renshaw. " They must be all round our waierhole. There they are. No— on no account fire." The poort here widened cut. Grassy slopes aroee to the base of the cliffs. Xu the centre fey a rooky pool whose plaeid surface g ittered mirror-like in the gloaming. But between this and the hoteemenlwas a crowd of dark uncouth shapes. Again that loud warning hark rounded forth — toft time overhead, but so near that it struck upon the human ear as mastering. "BatoonaTek?" said Sellon, catching eight of the brute. " Pm going to charge them." Xteoshaw smiled quietly to himself. " Charge away," ftsucL " But whatever you do don't foe a shot. It may bring down often 11 a very different sort of ototruothte than a olompje of baviaans, and then toil undertaking is one more added to the list w features, even if we get out with whoft rictaa." But Maurice hardlv heard him to the end- toSuztftunhftlKtodatoedstihtaJ ti>« ttoop oIMxxki. The tattw tetfajJ «i wen eh-wnnllj tag. Dun a»Bu f v-vs been about three soore of the gxat uxi-1 rtinly brutes, squatting arttind on ti»oakB 1 Sjioh overhung the pocL As the horseman galloped up theyoouldbe -aen baring their tusks, gruuilng aagrily. not they did not move. Sellon had not bargained lor this. 33m Meat apes, sauatted together, showing an Snmored front to to® aggressor, lboked jn&riently; formidable, not to say threaten- tag gallon's pace slowed down to a walk Sire he got within sixty yards of them. Then he halted and sat staring irresolutely at the hideous beasts, titxll they showed no sort 0f disposition to give way. For a few moments both parties stood thus eyeing each ll of a sudden, led by about a dozen of the largest, the whole troop of hairy monsters oame shambling forward — gibbering . and gnashinz their great tasks In unpleasantly Suggesti ve fashion, A second more and Sellon would have turned tail and fled ignomituouriy when — Whizz ! Whsck-whack I whack ! A per fect shower of sharp stones came pelting into the thick of the ugly crowd with the swift ness and acouraoy of a "Winchester rifle, knocking one eyes, battering hairy limbs, playing havoc among them like a charge of grape-Siot. With yells of pain and terror toe brutes turned and fled, aoampering up toe rosks in all direotions. Ksnshaw, guessing toe torn events were likely to take, had quietly dismounted, and, filliu'g his bauds and pockets with stones, had advanced to the support of his now discom fited friend. < Those brutes don't understand us quite," he said, after the roar of laughter evoked by this sudden turn in toe tide of affairs had lubsided. ' ' One shot would have sent them scamperinj, bat we dared not fire it. They are not used to the human form divine in this wilderness, but they won't forget that bom bardment in a hurry." " Br Jingo, no. Fancy being obstructed by a herd of monkeys. All the same, old chap, they did look ugly sitting there champ- \- Ing their tusks at one like that." ' So they did. Now we'll let our horses drink, and then adjourn to oar sleeping- place. We mustn't camp too near the water, beoaase the kraatzes swarm with ' tigers (leopards), to say nothing of worse cattle, who iright interfere with' us if we kept thorn from their nightly drink. And , we can't light a fire to- night." (TO BK CONTINUED.) 