WESLEYAN CHUBOH. BEV. J. WATBFOBD'fi MISSION. I A ten days' mission was commenced yes terday in the Wesleyan Church, Patterson street, by the Bev. J. Watsford. At the 11 o'clock servioe tbe reverend gontleman preached a forcible sermon upon 'Love,' taking for his text the 16th and two following verses of tbe 21st chapter of St. John's Gospel. In the incident related in the text, the speaker said, an opportunity was afforded the Apostle Peter of punblicly acknowledging his love to his Lord. This, while it served as a reminder to the dls* clple ot his denial, wss an occasion ot oom fort to him, -since it was regarded by his brethren as a restoration to favor. Love to Christ, the speaker remarked, was not natural. No unconverted man, however moral and upright as regarded worldly things, oould love Christ, since the carnal mind was enmity against God. Let that man, however, accept salvation through simple faith In Christ, then love to his Saviour would follow as a natural conse quence. That love was a growing principle, small at first as the grain of m us lard seed, still it would grow to a state of perfection. It was the privilege ot every Christian man and woman in the world to know they loved Christ. If they loved Him they would love His Word, even as they delighted to read tbe letters of tbeir dear friends who were in far off lands. If they loved Christ they wonld love private prayer, the house of the Lord, and His holy day. They would also love His cause, keep His oommandments, and love those who were perishing tor lac,k of the Gospel. Earnestly the preacher re minded his bearers of the great love whioh prompted their Saviour to die for them, ex* borting them to reqnite that love by conse crating themselves to His service. At the evening service the discourse was based on John xvi., 7 to 11 Nevertheless I tell you the truth, it is expedient for you that 1 go away, for if go not away tho Com* forter will not come unto you ; but if 1 depart I will send Him unto yon. And when He Is come He will reprove the world of eln, and of righteousness, and ot judgment. Of sin, beoause they believe not in Me ; of i righteousness, because I go to my Father, I and ye see Me no more ; of judgment, I because the Prlnee ot this world is judged.' I When Christ came into the world, said the rev. ADeaktr. God told Him that Ho would return and dwell with man when the work , of the atonement was complete, and Ohrist ' came to remove all difficulties in the way of God's return to mankind. He told ttu disciples that God would return, bnt that before such toek place he must n?ces- : sarily go away ; and alBo, that the way God should return to them would be that they should be filled witb tbe Holy Ghost. Fur thermore, Christ in coming into the world , had a special desire to save tbe ' lost House . of Israel,' and bo kept that before him all through his earthly career. Towards the close of His ministry He told the disciples to wait for the desccnt of the Holy Ghost at Jerusalem, and to go and teach all nations, frflglnninfr at Jerasalem. Then, in that upper room at Jerusalem, the Holy Ghost descended upon them as the Spirit of fire, and baptised them with a ' burning baptism.' After that they were able to witness for Jesus to the end that the first apostolic eeimon ever preached resulted in the conversion of 8000 souls. There were three noticeable facts con tained in tbe text, viz., cleansing, fiiliog, and nower. And all these bleBBincs were tbe privileges of every Christian. The baptism I ot the Spirit was received through faith, aB Paul wrote to the GalbtianE— ' Ohrist hath redeemed us . . . that we might reoeive the promise of tbe spirit through faith ' (Gal. ili., IS, 14), so that it may be bad now, seeing that it was received by faith. Were it by works, we should have to wait for it. ' When He (the Oomforter) is come, He will reprove the world of sin.' The word ' reprove ' iu the text was not considered a proper rendering of the original. Eminent Greek scholars and other authorities on the subject thought it ought to be rendered 'convince,' or, better still, 'convict' the (unsaved) world of sin, etc. He would con vict men of the reality of sin. Some men, in a half-hearted manner, wonld acknow ledge that they were sinners, bnt it did not affect them very deeply. When such were convicted by the Holy Ghost they become 'pricked to the heart,' and cried in their anguish of soul, ' God be merciful to me a sinner.' Others tried to bide their sins like David, but when the Holy Bpixit, by tbe voice of Nathan, con victca Dim, men aia no ory bui » before me.' The Holy Ghost also convicted men of the evil ot sin. Some were tempted to think lightly of it, bnt it was a terrible evil. The three Hebrew ) onths in Babylon realised this, and preferred the 'burning fiery turnaco' to committing it by worship* piug Ncbochadnezzar's golden image. Daniel realised it, and preferred tbe den of lions to committing it by worshipping the false gods of Babylon. Men that committed Bin did not realise the danger they were in, 'God is Love' undoubtedly, but God was Holy, and could not tolerate sin. ' Tbe wages of sin is death.' 