THE LYCEUM. What a gay and bright and brilliant and genial assemblage on Saturday night to witness and welcome the reappearance of the Eoyal Comic Opera Company! What a crowd ! People were waiting outside at 6.30; we saw them; and then, when the 'upper ten' put in an. appear? ance, such a chatter — such a frou frou of silken skirts, such a glimmer and glisten and glitter of diamonds. The opera chosen for the re-entree was 'Paul Jones,' a work so well and universally known that description would be super fluous. The performance was an excellent one. How could it be otherwise,, with conscientious artists, strung up to concert pitch by the royal welcome accorded to each and every one. What a roar of applause as the chorun in petticoats ap peared, and what a double roar of applause as the chorus in tights tripped on. Truth compels us to state that the chorus were ex ceedingly well dressed, welldrilled, and the voices were good, but they did not appear so pretty as usual. It did not strike one as being an absolute embarras de richesse of beauty. Miss Nellie Stewart, the bright, particular star, had a groat reception. For at least a minute Bhe stood bowing in acknowledgment of the salvs of applause with which she was saluted. The prima donna's voice was in excellent condition, and she sang with charming abandon and effect. Her chief success was made in «* The Merman's .Cave,' 'Before the Altar,' the. Andante Maes toso, in the ensemble, 'True to Thy Troth ;' and Bhe was particularly nice in the introduced ' Cachuca,' or ' Bolero,' of the third act, which people say isa ' crib ' from ' Morocco Bound,' her «xecution of the florid passages being exceedingly neat and correct. Yoonne's appearance, too, was everything that could be desired. One could not help notioing how very much ' bien chaussee' she was. Her costumes, -with the exception of the first one— which was indi cative of nothing in particular — were most becoming. Miss Stewart must be congrat ulated on returning to Sydney with all her powers unimpaired, also her attraction, which is of a personal and positive and magnetic kind. Second only to that of Miss Stewart was the reception of Mies Violet Varley, as Chopinette. . What a saucy, cheery, chirpy, chippy, cheeky, chic little bit of Dresden china it is ! What delicious impertinence in the swing of her skirts! What assertion in the stamp of her sabots— such delightful, irresistible sabots, particularly when they intrude on one's pet corn ! ' Just Look at my Sabots' she sings, and lifts her dress, the wee-est bit in the world, showing petticoats made lovely by discretion and lots of lace, and you look and see, not only sabots, but pretty little 'blue legs, and you look again with so much appre ciation and satisfaction that she has to repeat the song. .The ladies were laden dosro with floral offerings, and Bouilla baisse's petite femme staggered off ' first entrance O.P.side,' carrying a basket nearly as big herself. Much interest wasfelt in the appearance of Mr. Wallace Brownlow, who made his Sydney debut in the title r61e. Paul Jones is not a^great part but achieved a fictitious importance on its original pro duction in London by the eclat imparted to it by the magnificent physique and ex ceptional voice of Miss Agnes Huntingdon, the American contralto of the ' Boston Ideals,' who created the character and took the town by storm. Mr. Wallace Brownlow made a most favorable impres sion. - He has a tall, graceful, lithe figure, an expressive face, and the savoir faire of the practised artist. THb voice is a bari tone of a somewhat heavy quality, but of his vocal resources it is not possible to judge properly, for he was Buffering from severe sore throat. His rendering of ' Open the Doors and Welcome Me ' showed him to be master of a good method, but the voice was veiled, and gave one the feeling that it -would have been so much better if every number had been just up a note. Mr. Tapley was Eufino de Martinez. He is much im proved, his voice is stronger, the tremolo is not there any more, his manner is more decided, he has an exceedingly good stage presence, and wears his costume as to the manner born. He was encored in the serenade of the second act 'Lulled by the Waves,' which he sang with much delicacy and grace. Mr. Lauri as Bouillabaisse, and Mr. W. M. Bosevear as Petit Pierre, kept up their end of the opera with' immense success. Their interpolated topical duet 'For I'm a Mariner Bold,' which embraced all subjects, including the ladies, was en cored seven or eight times. Their dancing, their political ' wheezes,' ' their football ' business,' their make-up, . &c;, were* all excellent and irresistible; and they came out with great -glory, right on top. Mr. John Gourlay sustained his original character — Don Trocadero — and was great fun. Mr. Sydney Deahe was Kit Kestrel ; and Miss May Pollard, looking very fetching indeed, was Mala guena, Mr. Howard Vernon was amusing as Bicoquet, and sang his difficult line in the duet with Miss Stewart, ' The Shipping News,' wonderfully welL He . looked muchly delighted when he arrived in per fect safety at the last bars. The mise en seene, the stage management, - and costumes were as usual irreproachable. And hist though not least the band, under the direction of Maitre Leon Caron, who received an ovation on taking his seat in the orchestra, was a delight to listen to — such supporting- and following of the singers, nothing could have been more per fect. There is an odd omission on the pro gramme; neither composer, author, or adapter are mentioned. Of course with regard to the two first it is not' of so much consequence; but to treat the adapter with such oblivious scorn is calculated to make the uneasy ghost of the sosuseeptibleto any-personal-slight Henry ? Brougham Farnie, Esq., 'sit up.' 