THE BOYAL TBIN OPTIC AN. ~ Sinoe the establishment of the Cyclorarna in Adelaide: the management has been charac terised :by the utmost energy and1 enterprise, and in addition to the exhibition of magnificent : ensamples of pictorial art as " Jerusalem" and l the "Battle of Waterloo" have.constantly en deavored to keep the interest in their institu tion alive by the.addition of, Buch appropriate and attractive features as could be procured in ■ the oolony.The musical illustrations which have acoompaniedboth piccureahave in the " case of Waterloo been' supplemented by such novel attractions as the appearance on: the scene of the great battlafield of Napoleon's ghost, and ' the illustration of-an incident in : the "'career of - the ■ French Emperor known as. ;"The^Sentry." . The onohanted fountainwith"1 its ' ever r changing, and bril : liantly -i illuminated waters has been a con stant source.of pleasure-to the : many " patrons of the Cyclorarna; and now keeping in view the "-. fact that'variety is charming the :directbra .hre i about to,introduce another., great attraction .in , the shape of the Royal Trinoptican. :. '.; Ebrithe benefit of. the uninitiated it may.be" : explained that by means of-the Trinoptican • visitors to the Cyclorarna will be transported: 'to the scenes in which Napoleon figured both priori to and succeeding, the immortal struggle] of Waterloo, in fact a grand tour of the world will be made in both a novel and inexpensive fashion. The management have upwards of 200 pictures at their disposal, and the scenic \- effects introduced into these ar e: of j the most! .•"novel,". Btrijnng.j.jhnd; picturesque description. These piotures will not be limited to scenes ; connected with -Waterloo, it being the desire ■ of the management to 'so; vary the'entertain-, ment as to'make it prove of universal interest.. Accordingly the collection will include beauti fully painted illustrations of the beauty spots of the world, together with -other views, which cannot ;fail to please the most fastidious-taste. , As an instance of the nature of the' pictures' to be shown, there may - be taken a1'beautiful : little study of " The; Watermillj" the work of • an English ,artisti: who has no equal-in this de ■ partment of painting. The .spectatbr is'intro duced to a-doriely little.English'scene with a -pioturefiquB -watermill- standing by a "Winding \- stream:The ponderous wheel slowly revolves, and'overia'rustic bridge in the; foreground a ' laborer'is seen walking' to: his morning work. \- The scene changes / to might,-; the. moon rises; behind the trees, silvering:: the water ; with its misty light; and one by one the windows of the, . miU gleam with a warm and welcoming light.. Winter succeeds;; the mill waters are frozen, • and the.laborer returning -from wbodcnttiing .drosses the bridge again and wends his way .to the cottage. As he | approaches the door is flung • open, ■ and the-' ruddy firelight •• illumes his homeward path, 'and", as. ;he ' enters^the .door is closed, darkness intervenes,] .and the snow-falls'.' thickly on the] charming] scene. : The inechaniam .employed in- the.pro '• duotion of this-picture may be imagined when • it is known that no less than 14 "different effeots are introduced in the one scene.,, _i , . Thts ia only one example ,of many equally beautiful views and shows in conjunction with the Cyolorama of-' Waterloo., • • There' is little • doubt that this exhibition will become one of the most.popiflah ehtertainments in Adelaide. Despite the. extra "expenses inourred in the pro • . duction . of ..the : Trinoptioan,.the prices of admission to "the. Cyolorama will remain un altered, and.* prosperous season may safely be predioted for the new exhibition. ] 