THE RED SPECIRE'-AND THE EMPEROR. I "Tell him that the Red Man is wait ing for an audience." „ .... ... . Him '.' was Napoleon the command was' addressed to Count ao MnMriltr»-Kmnerfirifl(COUnsol!of £ana tool speaker. wasrtho Red.Gpecire; "uo3 mlssion iewas to watcb-iover -tho desti UieS of the Littlo-CoiponA The Spectrej-fantastically-dresstdi n Red trousers,1 blouse, and -cap; was tola ' that his Majesty was busy. and-:must on no consideration bo interrupted.. The oiily answer that tne apparition deigned to return to this message was that he must see Napoleon— must sea, him alone, and at once. . . 't.t„„t. Still tho Emperor refusied point blank. to grant this importunate being animterf. " "But i marf aee.him," he persisteA- "Ttu him the Red Man is waiting for an aTrembiing and awestruck' at' the hn- ' perious tone of tbe - Phantom, ' Count . de Mold again went on-tlptoc to-the royal 'room and delivered tho mysterious mes- ft is said when Napoleoii'he'ard'this message he became a spectacle . pitiable te behold. ... The Man of Iron grew ghastly white and bis arms dropped at bis side-Ilka lead ; but. though he, was completely-. nn« nerved, he. managed.. to give orders, for the:admission of the unwelcome gnesL-. Then there ensued one of tha most ex Inordinary conversations that ever were >eld- . . v a Count devMoK, whose cariosity- Bid been raised to the highest pitch, played the' eavesdropper,, and overheard the ' greater part, if not all of the remarkabla dialogue. . ".Generel," said the Red Spectre, " 'This is the third time I have, appeared before you as n . man. - The first time we met was in Egypt, at the Battle of the Pyra mids ; the second; -after the Battle ol "When we met at Wagram, 1 granted you four more years dn which to com plete the conquest of all Europe or to make a general peace, threatening that if you did not perform one of these, two thingn within the allotted time I would withdraw my protection from you. " Now, I come for tha third and last time to warn you that you have but. three short months of power. In three months from this hour the Allies will be- invad- ing- Paris if you do -not take my advice and sue for peace. A general --peace .must be perfected within ninety' days, else your sway will be limited to a small bleak island of the sex Remember, all will be over with you if you do not achieve a conquest or accede to peace within that time." Napoleon then endeavoured, with a degree of superstition that- is well -nigh, incredible in such a man — and yet not altogether strange eitherwhen one comes to think of it— to reason with the Phan tom and to extort easier terms. He pleaded that it was impossible for him to make an honourable peace in three short months. "Do aayou please,' ".returned tbe Red Man, "but I will not change my resolu tion. Now. I go," he said, as he- opened the, door and strode down the hall, fal lowed by the Emperor and Mold, who pretended to have been standing - on guard at the second door from the room To which the conversation had been held. Hid imperial Majesty begged of the Red Mab to stay, but all to no purpose. ; - " Three months— no longer," shouted the- Spectre as he disappeared at the end of the hall. Just three months to a day from . tbe time of the Red Ghost's warning, the Al lies entered Paris (March, 31, 1814), and Napoleon abdicated four days after-, wards. He was allowed to retain the title of Emperor, but the sole sovereignty he hxercised was over.the tiny island of Elba, which was'the little bleak isle of the1 sea that had been-held . up to his mind's eye by the Red Man in the pro phetic talk of the preceding New Year's Day. It is but fair to add that the; official documents upon which the account , of the! Red Spectre's. interview?., with. Na. poleon is ibased -were signed by the Count de Mold and the guard. The former,' it will be -remembered,' overheard the 1 conversation ; the - latter . attempted in vain to stop the Ghost when? he demanded-admission. Moreover,' it issaid that thestory had'beehone ofthe- traditions of the French Court' ever since the! singular visit took place. Still, the' whole, tale wears a very suspicious look, and it is given herewith all reserve. We think our old tnend Mr. Burchell,' of "The Vicar. of Wakefield,'.' would; have .Uttered many a Fudge I could .he have read the statement -of tbe Connt de Mold." , It is notorious that-Napoleon was cre dulous; He Had a firm belief in his-star of destiny; and General Rapp' has re-, corded an instance of the " Corsican Dp- start's" behaviour while under the influ ence of this curious spell. . . Rapp, whose brilliant defence of Dan-, tig was at the time.the.theme of univer sal animation, .once -suddenly, called? on Napoleon and walked . jpto. .the; tatter's mom wholly, unannounced.. . The Emperor sat byvthe window per fectly still, gating intently upon the heavens. Noticing his presence had not b«m observedj-Rapppushed achairwith noise enough, to attract .Napoleon's at tention. ..Yet .the tatter madecno sign, bud seemed utterly - oblivions of every- ' Perceiving, this, .Rapp .rnshed to the side of the Emperor, -fearing that he had fallen into a stupor, -when the latter, without taking - his eyes-, -from the heavens for an instant, -seised' Rapp by fbeftrni, and exclaimed in a loud tone of voice-?- Look there ; up there." "|I see nothing but the pale, twinkling:, stars." returned Rapp, .quietly. ... . " What" exclaimed the Emperor, , ex citedly i "is it possible that you? do, not- see my star ; the fiery red one, almost, as large as the moon?,. It is before-yon .pqWf and oh, how brilliant." - , The», warmipg at the sight, he fairly shrieked as he .Cried, out; - ' "It _has never abandoned -me for a single instant ; I . seo it on all great occa sions ; it commands me to go Toward j it is my sign of good fortune, and where it leads I will follow." Rapp said that he really screamed as he uttered the words "I will follow," and that his face wa? livid. as heseated him- fclf i/i confu?ion and suppressed excite- mont. Several minutes elapsed beforp the. Emperor was calm enough ,to take part ? in' ordinary. conversation. ?,. CaiselPs Saturday . /eurmzl.- , Yon should never , take, anything, that doesn't agree with you," the phv.i Bician told him. " If I'd always followed (hat role, Maria," he remarked to his wife, wherp would yon be?' An explorer declaraa that nothing can equal the ignoranco of the people of Northem Syria. . Spectator-" Why, th» centre- fielder is singing while running.". Btookholder— " Yoe, that's n triok of' hia." ' fipoetator— " WtaP; ho ringing ft . Btockholdtr— "AftefSohdL" Mamma— "When that boy threw sfonOB at you why didn't you come and tell mo, instead of throwlna tlvn? bock f'i Little Son— "Toll you I Why, yro esuldn't hii n ham door," " 1 told yon to go to tho devil .vrlfh that hill," oxolalmod the angry editor, ' "And I wnt," eaid: tho'keolicoUcetorVi'faut tjia; devil' oaid you were owing hla; too." Ild't'o etooks e! water, - , If mixed with proper ejad,: And floated on tub niKket, , 6 RtifirateBoft,cbma.,tai:: ; 1 ;v;V "ir;. I 