SARA'S SHAWL. Jonas Pray was born stingy; he hid his sweetmeats from his little brother when he was a child, and smoked his cigars alone when he was a young man, • By the time he was fprty, Jonas Pray was.a rich man, though he lived as plainly as ever, and somehow about that age the first tender feeling ho had over known crept into his heart. He fell in love with a buxom, a good tempered young woman named Sara Woolwich, and oflered him self to her. He was not-a ill-looking man, and when he chose could make himself- agreeable.' Sara liked him and accepted him. Jonas moant to be liberal to her at first, but after a brief honeymoon of happiness his old habits resumed (heir sway, and at last, the second winter of their married life coming on, Sara found that all her remarks about her shabby summer bat had no effeot whatever, and she might wait a long while without hav ing such a thing as a comfortable cloak suggested to her. She had been a poor girl, and hod no tjrousseau to speak of, and she found it necessary to put her pride in her pocket aad ask. for whnt she needed. It is hard enough for a wife to do that, but to be refuted was something she had not calculated on. She know her husband had a large banking account—there was no reason why she should not dress as - well as any lady in the laud. Bat when she. had said, playfully, “Jona«, shall I buy myself some winter thing’, tO/day ! I need a shawl dreadfully,” he had answered, “ I thought you were too sensible a woman to ruu after the fashions, Sara, I’m sure you have very docent things that you might wear a long while yet.” “ That shows ho’w much men knows,” Sara answered, determined to be pleasant and not to show that she was hurt. “ You would not like your wife to look shabby, Jonas?” ’ ’- "Well, no,” said* Jonas; “no, but really, Sara, money is so scarce just now. Don’t you think you might make what you have do a little longer.” How much longer ?”she asked quietly. " Oh, I don’fTkoow,” said Jonas. “ I had an aunt who left me something when she died who wore the same shawl and bonnet sixteen years, and boasted of it too!” His wife looked at him and said noth-' ing. “Econdmy is a great .thing, Sara,” said Jonas, uneasily, “It would be dreadful to die in the workhouse, you know; and don’t care for other people’s admiration, do you, Sara, when you know your Jonas likes you as well in your woll saved clothes? We won’t call them ‘shabby/ Sara, only well- saved.” “ Call them what you please, Jonas,” said Sara, " They merit both epithets.” She sat quietly wi h her hands .folded on the table before her for awhile. Her temper was rising, fast but she had sense enough to thrush it down. A miser is the victim of a vice that masters hira-just as a drunkard is. Jonas was ashamed of himself even as lie spoke, ond she knew it. As she lo deed at him a little while grief came insoad of anger. There was so much th it was good about Jonas. ft was terrible to see this canker creeping over it; to.see the pinched lines about his mouth, .the strange, anxious look in his eyss. Poor Sara remembered stories she had rend of misers; how they starred them selves while they counted their gold: how some of thorn died in tho and irk to save candles,' and how, through a long illness, one of the wealthiest of these men refused to havo a pillow bought for or even a little saucepan in which to heat his porridge. Would Jonas grow to bens bad aa those ? How could she tell. Once or twice of late ho had found fault with tho amount- of butter used, and moaned over his butcher’s bill. But men generally did something of that sort, she had heard; and men knew nothing about dress. She arose softly and wont out of tho room, and brought back her bonnet and shawl and put hem on tho table before him. “Jonas, dear,” she said, “ I don’t want you to think me unreasonable ; look at those, see how shabby they are. They nice when we were married, but they were cheap, very cheap—cheap things fade so. I have made everythin* I had do for two years. I did not like to ask, I havo not- spent one penny of your money for clothes. You know you gave me two pairs of gloves during our honeymoon—l have them still.” What a good, careful girl,” said Jonas, caressing her.dark hair, as she came ond Baton o'lo\v stool beside him, “ Yes, I have been careful. It is my nature to bo careful,” said Sara. Few rich men’s wives would have done so much. Now look at things, my dear.” Jonas loohcid. There came a time afterward when it seemed to him that the faded tint of that shawl, its dingy palm leaves of yellow brown, and tho wilted flowers and shabby ribbon of the bonnet had been seared |»\to his* hrian. He looked at , them long and lingeringly. He knew his wife \y.is reasonable, °and that the things were, und long had been, unfit for her to wear; But his money tug ged at his heart-strings. / “Suppose you wear them one winter .more Sara,” he said “Just one.” • “The shawl is very thin/' she said. “1 shall catch cold as I did last winter." " Poor girl,” ho said softly, and looked toward tho desk whore his cheque-hook lay. But the grip of the fiend that roles a miser’s soul nipped him sorely as he did so. Tho momentary impulse vanished. Besides, a thought occurred to him. “ They wear 'cloth jackets n good deal, Sara, don’t they ? bo said. ’ “Ohl they aro vory fashionable,” replied his wife. “They make ono of that old billiard-cloth that is In the Irunk-room ?” bo said. " My po nr mother bought it in an auction. She meant to use it for a coverlet; but it’s a ,vpry pretty green don’t you riiiuk, Sara, and such n nice material. There is a limit to women’s patience ; this suggestion measured Sara’s. She Started to her f ot, and, gathering up hor bonnet, and shawl, walked out of tho room. After she had gone, Jonas really looked at his cheque-book, and for at least two minutes contemplated drawing ft large oh-que and tolling his wife ho had been teasing her. But he could not bring himself to dp it. After awhile his wife looked into the room with -her old bonnet on, and, her shawldbpub her shoulders, and said : “Jonas, I’m going to spend the day with my sister in- law, but I shall bo bomb .before dinner-time.” > I hopeyou’ll enjoy yourself, my dear,” said Jonas. He saw, ly;r eyes were heavy with weeping,and ho looked away, ashamed pf himself, ' ■■■■■•■’'"' ■■ ’ - : ■ Then hie betook himself to his office, where lie ground Y)utr^his''''rucmey,and daring the day compromised with him self. He would do no extravagant thing, bat when ho wont homo, ho would give his wife what was neoceasary. Ho went homo earlier than usual that evening to make what amends his soul would consent to, and as lie walked briskly along, being light upon his feet .yet—for who ever heard of a miser grow ing fat?—he thought that ho would never again bring tears to those good, kind eyes. Never, never again? never .again and then—what was that crowd 1 Whut'had happened? People'were coming his way, looking backward as they came. Moo, boys, women, little children, all the riff raf that accident, or quarrel, or an arrest will collect in the streets; and now he was in the midst of the throng' and close to four policemen, who, with set faces, marched in time, bearing between them a stretcher on which lay a human form. It was covered—covered with a shawl. Jonas looked. Ob, Heaven, he kn§w the pattern of that shawl! Only a few hours before, its dingy palm leaves of yellow brown, its faded fringe, its shabby, brown centre had spread before him. It was his wife’s shawl. “ Stop—stop—stop ! ho cried. “ Let me see her!” Do you know her ?” asked tho police man. “ Let mo see her face,” said Jonas growing so faint that a kindly man hard by supported him by the arm. “ You’d not know hor face; a telegraph pole fell on her; it’s crushed out of all shope,” said the policeman. “ Dut shawls aro alike. Keep up your courage. I don’t think this is any relation of yours ; she’s too shabby. Look at hor shoes, see here, this is her bonnet. You don’t know that?” Ho held up a bonnet. It was crushed and soaked with blood ; but Jonas knew it. The streaked purple ribbon, and a flower amongst the- other flowers that had lost half its postals. He had fingered it asitloy ou tlie table beside him. “ Yes, I know it!” he cried. “ It’s Sara ! It’s my wifes !” Then bo pulled away the shawl from tho crushed face, and fainted outright. But as his senses left him he heard some one say— “ His wife ! why, I thought she was a beggar !” And another answered— “ Like enough ; they call him a miser. I know him. His name is Jonas Pray.” They carried the poor woman homo to Jonas Fray’s old house, helping him to follow as he came (o himself. She was laid upon her bed, and there was a coroner’s inquest, and the women prepared her body for buria', talking amongst themselves of tho shame it was she, a rich man’s wife, should be so clad ; v and then thoic was a pause, and ho might be alone with her if ho would. Before the time came he had a cab called and went out in it. Ho was driven to a largo dry-goods establishment, where lie asked to see the manager, and was shown to his office. The manager found him there, a pale miserable object, trembling and faint, as one in a deep illness. Ho was shabby too. “He has come (o beg thought the manager; and his “ What can I do for you?” was curt. But Jonis cared nothing for anyone’s manner now. He answered sadly : “ I want to buy a shawl.’” “ A salesman will attend to you, sir,” said the manager. “ No,” said Jonas ;“ I am too ill, too broken lo talk to the salesmen. I can trust you. I want tho coat'iesb shawl you have.” “ A madman !” thought- tho manager. “ Our costliest is 500 dol,” said ne re pressing a smile; “ Have it put up for me,” said Jonas. “ Certainly tuad !” su’d tfi*-? gentleman to himself. But Jonas had drawn a cheque from his breast, and with trembling hand was filling up tho blanks. The manager examined them carefully. “Mr, Jonas Pray,” he said, more respectfully, ihen it flashed upon him that l)e had read of a fatal accident to this man’s wif-* that morning. It was a strange proceeding altogether. Secretly he called others to look at his customer, One knew him—financially it was alright. “ Ami the rest is none of our business,” said the manager, as ho saw tho bundle of splendor carried downstairs after Jonas Pray. “ They spolco of him as a miser in the paper. That’s a pretty purchase for a miser.” Meanwhile, Jonas, drove homo/ No sweet face - smiled a greeting. Within, all was hushed, Cunyifg the shawl under his arm ho went upstairs lo tho darkened room, where, under straight folds of white drapery, seemed to lie tho sorrow of tho house. A watcher sat there. Ho sent hor away. Then alone in the room, he knelt down upon the floor beside the coffin. “ Sara,” ho said. Sara, can you hear me ? I Jove you, Sara ; but, f was such a miser—such a miser! I’ve bought you a shawl at last. Oh, Sara ! Sara ! I’ve paid as much as I could for it, my dear. You shall bo wrapped in it in your coffin. I'll put it about you myself. Sara ! Sara !” He spread out tlio costly folds ; he lifted it in his hands. A moment more he would have folded it about the dead form in the coffin, but at that instant a voice cried : “ Oh Jonas ! Jonas, dear ! Oh, my poor Jonas ! My poor, poor Jonas !” And turning, ho saw his wife, cither in tho spirit or thn flesh, standing behind him. Ilia knees trembled under him. Ho crud out to Heaven to help him ; but tho figure came closer It was no ghost but a living woman. Sho took him in her arms. “ Ob, how ill you look,” she said. “ Did you reolly love me so? And it is all my fault. I went to my sister-in-laws, and there in a pot—oh ! I was so angry, Jonas—l gave away my dress, my shawl, and my bonnet to a bigger woman—and vowed to sit in one of my sister’s dressing gowns until yon gavo mo decent clothes to come home in. And the poor woman— who was tipsy too, my dear—was killed two houra’nfterwards, and I never know that she had been taken for me until this morning. Oh! such a dirty creature, my dear, the papers described her ! And for a little, while I was glad that you had a fright, but I’m sorry now I was.” For an instant he picked up tho costly shawl and syrappod it about hor, and took her, folded in it, like a mummy, to hi* heart again. , “ Tho miser is dead,” he said. "But Jonas Pray will show his wife how he can cherish her.” Ho did,; and if over afterwards Sara de tected symptons of a relapse, all she had to. do was to wrap hersolf in her wonderful shawl. The sight of it inevitably recalled the moment when ho learned how little after all is the value of money, and realised in agony, of soul- that “ should a man give alt the substance of his house for love it would be utterly contemned.” He may indeed love his ruoney yet; but he knows that: ho loves Sara more.—-Ex change. 