THE BATTLE OF BLEHDm. (ITirt gntilUnf apolopri Io the Slide o/ Bovthey.) It waq a winter evening r'at (ieorgi;'s woik wa« done, And he before trie ' riillygiapn' door Was countint; twn for one, And ijy him sniijgerect, near the screen, The arch Land-taicr, iiingnojine. He saw this little liingaofcine Wear soiuethiug like frown, As they beside the rivulet Of itickcr'H paste stood round— IK wondered wliy Kiui:nO3 t liowaed WUen Fiectrade looked 60 verj sound. Fat Georgie took him by the baud, Aiid heaved a natural oisb., ' 1 thju?bt,' said little itingnosine, ?' Wed koouktd them all kite 'aijilu' Baid George, ?' l'«u take your tip iroiu me, We've woa a glurious victory ; You tec the times are out of joint, .So Ghost, no Yellow Pap ; With fiscal-.inkiue needy men, We'll mix our n'umbers up ; To tax: the laud woa!iat;rce— bo 'tis a J'reetrade victory.' 11 Alas ! ' said little Eiognoiiue, 'Yoar logic's ali my eye — The wsalhcj eockt and Labor men liny land uu high and dry ; bovrover. be ii ae yon say, We're won & glorious victory.' '? Rat ^nre, hingnojc.' Fat Gesrge replied, ! '? Mont will -jo o'er to Dlbts— Wc'vu coi the '' TtrndidditKiajli' j 'Jo pipe tj oar DeuV jigs ; ! r.u WKined in tiinc, K&i; ijeorge it fly, This is no ^puiioub victoiy.' ' J-.'iikua is my cbiei,' bii.'u liinjuofiEe, '? VS'Lerev'r be ff'Jes 1 ioilow. Nut Ihi'. L iove you kt;, deur lieoigc, Or tL*t prouaiMJb art liollow ; liut iln:n, you tee. 'tacea yon aud Le. J lliis is — a Federation victory.' i Kat (ii:urgit then adilpwsed iho crorvj W dicH 6tOod OXiiCClSUl hi ; U-r crlr(i,'i'r:.ttctii,ii'- jt-ai f-- ,eii Atid Uibb; it tuui-sid k'.e : .cj, Ami oiaiiy wicked racn.' sui., u~, ' Were tlain lu ihin gicai Victjry. For it was 1, Kat Ueorge,' he cried, ' 1 hftt put long Geurce io roui, And why Sir Henry euoulrf be chief 1 cannot Weil make i-ut, For ercrybodi bays,' quoih he, ' That this i- my own victory.' Some few uxprct&ms; praised Fat George, Who such a fi^ht did win— 11 What good wi.l come of it at last,' Quoth taser iiiugnosine, ' Why, uon't you twig, a knight I'll be, Ail through this glorious victory 1' ' But where do 1 come in, Fat George,' Quoth tr.ple- sbuffier Uingnotine, ' You'll crowa the bench,' Fat George replied,. ' If you will but endorse this win ; Conceal the trnth wherev'r yoa be About this signal victory.' 11 Can we bat swell the head of Doff,' Quoth macuinalor Kingno.ine, 11 Bo fully pregnant with great thoughts, I'll tub your little fiction in, That our sett gain is thirtythree— An overwhelming victory. You know as well as I do, George, That tiro and two make seven — The morning papers frill, no doubt, Compute it at eleven ; Then Eogue and Haynes and Alfred B. ' Wiil magnify the. victory.' ' Let yon, Bingnose, and Mac, and I Maintain this great anomaly— A lawyer may keep all his tee, Mate the tiller bear the gree ; Tax the land, when trade is free, And^till keep shouting victory.' Jaiama. 