CHAPTER XIII. THE AUTO-DA-FE. "I wanted a word with you, dootor,"said Arnold Derwent, waylaying Dr. Viret ai he came downetaira from Ann's room the follow ing morning. "Do you mind ooming into the studjr ? The fact u I think I've got a olue." "H'm ! you haven't been long about it," ejaculated Dr. Viret, "following him into the room, "I oan eay that for myself," Arnold oontinued, "when once I'm on the job I precious soon knock it off. About this woman Lizzie saw in the village Monday night." " Lizzie is a fool. If that is your olue I don't think it will help you muob." " That's whero you are wrong,"said Arnold as Florence quietly joined them. "At least the wenoh may be a fool, probably is, but that doesn't affect her eyesight. She saw some body right enough. You know Fairford next door?" "No, I don't know him," was the reply. "Nobody knows the man. PerhapB he doesn't want to be known. Sensible!" "Father knew Mr. Fairford," Florence in terposed, looking down at the carpet; "Anyway, be was in here last night," eaid Arnold. "It is a foot that this woman was prowling about on Monday night. Now, why not the night of the fourth of March too? And if so, a hundred to one she saw Unole Roderick." •'And yet held her tongue about it!" ex olaimed Dr. Viret incredulously. "Ex tremely unlikely 1 Women are generally ready enough to talk, Heaven knowe." " Oh, you make me tired! Of course, if you sit upon every suggestion it's no uro going on. I merely state a theory ; if it won't work cive it up and try another; only, at least, let it have a ohanoe. You oan't deny there's a good deal that's fisiiy. I'll swear the woman is conueoted with Fairford —most likely his wife." " What do you mean ?" Dr. Virot demanded. " What makes you say that ?" "She must live somewhere. Fairford is supposed to have the house next door to him self—rot I Now, why has he never even hinted at her existence, doctor ?" "Surely," said Florence, "Mr. Fairford may have exoellent reasons for keeping hie own oounsel, whioh don't concern us." " Oh, no doubt he has the best of reasons 1" Arnold retorted. "She never appears by day —a regular night bird. You oan't deny that it looks fishy, dootor." Dr. Viret hesitated and looked extremely judioial for a few moments. " If there is suoh a person in existence," tie admitted, " no doubt it does look strange. But is there? You have only this Billy woman's testimony; and even if that is to be depended upon, how do you know that Bhe is o.mnected with Fairford ?" "Beoause he gave himself away eo beauti fully. Unmistakable. Florence bsw it too. She began to tell us about Lizzie's fright, and the man was like a ghost. Oh, there's no doubt he knows just all about her." "Well,tbeD, granting all that," said Dr. Viret, "it does not follow that she can tell you anything about Mr. Derwent. If so, of course she would have spoken long before now; and the idea of her being actually con nected with the orime is absurd—she would haye no earthly motive." Arnold thrust his hands deep in his trousers pockets, and looked up into Dr. Viret'a face somewhat pertly. "Have you never heard of a murder with out a motive?" he asked. "Oh, Arnold?" cried Florence.. "You oan't think she" "Look here, Floy." said Arnold. "Ihave told you already I'm only trying tp start a working theory. You've beard ofnomicidal mania, doctor, I suppose? Imagine this woman ia a lunatio." _ * "I should have to imagine she was kept under proper control as well, Mr. Derwent." "She ought to be — granted. It doesn't follow she is. Suppose ehe's Fairford'a wife— aud a luny ! In order to avoid putting her away he hides her. She is liable to periodioal attacks of mania. You must have come aoross hosts of suoh oaBes. This particular night— the night of Unole Roderick's disappearanoe —Bhe runs inad at the wrong time." " Absurd! impossible!"exclaimed Dr. Viret. " Inever heard anything more ridioulous in all my life, never. Such a woman would leave the body where it lay." He glanced anxiously at Florence's pale face as he ceased speaking. And she, despite the improbability of his theory, oould not prevent it from tormenting her. Her poor father 1 and poor Owen also ! It might be true, and he ignorant; or it might be ridioulously untrue, as Dr. Viret avowed. Arnold's dogmatic, eager manner lent the suggestion a kind of plausibility, and save Inspector Holt's no other theory had been propounded. "No, no, not so fast," said Arnold. "Some of those lunita are devilish ounning. If she is nob wrong in her mind bow do you acoount for her way of living—for all this oonfounded mystery? If she is not mad what is she?" After Dr. Viret had expressed his dissent with inoreased force and gone baok to hie laboratory Arnold still oontinued the dis oussion, and though Florence presently left him to seek Ann she was oompelled to meet him at meals, when she heard the argument restated. "You know,'" he eaid after dinner that evening, "I am working for you quite as much bb myself. Come to that, I don't want to injure the woman or your friend Fairford either. They may both be as innoeent as I am, and that's just what I want to find out." " But how, Arnold? what oan you do?" " That's a matter for consideration," he replied. " IH have a pipe and turn it over in my mind. One thing is plain. I oan't touch a penny of Unole Roderick's money till I prove his death. But I shan't stop there, Floy. This old plaoe wouldn't be habitable without yon. You haven't forgotten the good old times. They were good times. I often thought of them when I was away." "At Teneriffe, Arnold?" " Ah 1" he cried with a pleasant laugh, "one to yon, that t You may not believe it,but I often used to think of your dragging me out after primroses in the wood. 'Remember that day I bagged the pheasant's eggs, and they broke in my pooket ? The truth about me is just this, Floy—if yon atiok to me I oan keep straight; bat if you don't—well, I shall go to the dueoe headlong. I am jost' imperfeot Without yon, and with you" " You are perfect, Arnold ?" she suggested with a smile, albeit a rather sad one. "All all events, I am as good m most Johnnies,"be retorted. "Imaynotbe able to write poetry like Unole Roderick. I never believed in that rot. But my batting average was twenty the last Beason I played, and loan fight—there, I don't want to brag; and what ever I am your word is law, and you can twist me round your little finder, Floy." He bad at least furnished her with food for refieotion. Had she really so muohinfluenoe over him? and, if so, could it be turned to a useful purpose to induoe him to relinquish his idea of attempting to probe Owen's seoret! For of this she felt oertain — nothing could result but disaster, of what nature she dreaded to imagine. Her own curiosity had become extreme, her ouriosity to learn whether the woman she believed to live at Forest Prospeot was Owen's wife. < About the hour when Florenoe retired to Ann's room .for the night, Joe Bodger happened to be standing at the baok window of his bedroom admiring the moon, low down over the treetops. The house bad been in darknesskome time, and the night being fine, he was wondering whether or not the person in whom he felt so deep an interest would set forth. Though he had followed her on every oooasion but one, when he bad seen her quit the house, and was not far off on the occasion of Lizzie's fright, having indeed justsuooeeded in hiding himself in time to avoid deteotion, he had never discovered any purpose in her peregrinations. She wentout, usually taking the same direotion, and came home again; and, at the present rate, a year might elapse and Joe none the wiser. He stood at his window, staring at the sinking moon, lamenting his impotence, when suddenly he distinguished a patch of flickering light thrown on to the garden bed, which a few moments before looked quite blaok. What did that light signify? Well, it seemed to point to the fact that eoine one was in the kitohen, apparently making up a blazing.fire there. How oould Joe obtain a view of this apart ment he was so familiar with? After a few minutes' refieotion, be formed hie plans, and, taking oue or two useful implements, set forth to oarry them out. Ac the eide of the house was a window, that of the eoullery, and before it a kind of sunk area. Into this Joe descended, but not only was was the window shut, its gro=n cotton blind was drawn down. Otherwise, he might have easily commanded a view of the kitohen, there boing a door between it and the scullery, which was seldom closed. But he dared not open the window lest Ower. should hear. Taking a ohieei from his pocket, he passed it deftly round the pane, cutting deep into the putty on three sides, and holding'it in position with hiB extended fingers whilst he loosened the fourth. He next removed the pane of glass, laying it oarefully upon the edge of the area, and putting his chisel away, took out a razor. Whilst he pressed its keen edge agaiffst the blind he held bis breath. The noise of the inoieion might attract attention— Owen might even be looking his way at the moment the blade penetrated. For thatit was Owen in the kitchen be felt no doubt what ever. The sound of flames readied Joe's ears —whatweretheyintendedtodestroy? One cut downwards an inch long, two at right angles, and a flap was formed, which he lost no time in drawiDg baok. His right eye immediately aought the hole. lie could command a few view of one half the kitohen. Watohing the flunes, Owen stood, his arms folded, bis face lighted by the fire, wearing an expression of loathing and disguBt. After disappearing a moment here-entered Joe's field of vision, carrying a large brown paper parcel, which he flung into the grate, afterwards pressing it down with the tongs. Again be disappeared, thiB time returning with a bottle; uncorking it, be emptied the contents upon the fire, starting back alertly as the flames burst forth with renewed vigour. Owen's profile stood out distinct and clear as he sat upon one corner of the plain deal table, bis arms arms olded, his lips firmly set, until the flames grew smaller and the shadows danoed more weirdly on the ceiling and walls, and at last they grew dim, and died out altogether. Then Owen loft the kitohen, and Joe quietly opened the window and entered it. But though he lighted a oandle and raked over the ashes, he could disoover nothiug to afford a clue to their origin. It was an hour later when he made his exit, as much at a loss as ever, but not before placing the pane of glass at the bottom of the area, and cautiously set ting h;a foot upon it. Perhaps Mrs. Cawdrey would imagine chat it had fallen out; at all events, with all her watchfulness, she would eoaroely suspect Joe of itB removal. 