the mystery of clehent duneave 1sv. fiT JEAN MIDDLE MAS, p Author of " AOIrl in a Tiioas&n3;,M ? Touch and GO,' "Sealed by a Kiss," " By Fair Means," etc. jiebce vatjghan and his pubsueb saw each other AS in kttt.t. j)ay. SYNOPSIS OF PREYIOCS CHAPTERS. gftajtrits I. and Taiit of h.— Sir Louis DunTaven' « Abojuc Court, has two nephews, Clement Duo- ; raven and IHerte Vaughan. The ban) net wishes the former to marry Inay Gertrude Verecboyle, ana makes it a condition of him leaving him his property that he should propose to her at once. He consents, but with a secret sorrow. Pierce Vaughan. who is in iovcnith Gertrude, determines that be will discover the secret of his cousin, and accidentally finds a note Sn the following terms : "Dearest Clem,— Tlmnkfl for your darling note. 1 will meet yon at the usual place oq Tuesday at dtisjr— Beta." CHAPTER n. — (Continued.) He first individual to whom Clement spoke, after he had paid his devoirs to Lady Marcia, was hie uncle. "I am late," he said, "but if you knew the cau«e you would not blame me." 11 Bah !" answered the old man, pettishly, "yon have always some trifling: excuse. To- Slight's proposal is the first consideration in the world — for you. Thus snubbed, Clemeut did not make any CCnhdenceB, always supposing he had had the intentiou of doing so. He only bent his head, and walked away with an expression on his faoe that scarcely proclaimed a happy lover. He made the circuit of the room with a measured tread, bowed to several acquain tances as he passed them, and finally found himself at the side of Lady Gertrude Vers- cboyle, who blushed scarlet as she gave him her hand, much to the aunoyanoe of Fierce Vaughan, whose dance was just about to begin. For another quarter of an hour until that gallop was ended, Clement must wait, then she would give him the nextdanoe. It was free, perhaps she had been keeping it for him —it was the supper valse. Pierce Vaughan scarcely had a fascinating or interesting partner, for Lady Gertrude did mot appear to nuderetand what he was saying, and answered him so vaguely and wildly tfmfr lie co oia nave imagined that she had suddenly gone demented, had he not had mom ton a suspicion that the coming of Clement Dun Taven was accountable for her pre-oopupa- ttoc. » And because of the love Lady Gertrude bore him, Pierce hated his cousin with a fierce and hitter hatred, and rejoiced over the finding of the piece of paper signed by Beta, that had lain under the old tree in the wood. At last the ordeal of this dance, which save pleasure to neither, was over, and Lady Gertrude's tiny well-gloved hand was quiver ing with excitement as it rested on Clement Dtmraven's arm. If he had loved her, his whole frame mnst have vibrated with the emotion under which she was laboring. But though loving words were on bis lips, and from long practice in a wooer's art, hie eyes told passion's tale, yet Clement Dunraven's heart was unmoved. Had she cared for him less, or been more aooustomed to be wooed, she would not have failed to disoover this, while as it was, she was in the seventh heaven of rapture. " How beautiful you are," he said, look ing into her eyes. 44 i have always thought 80, but to-nieht — to-nieht you surpass yourself. That gown suits you to perfec- " I it not rude to make remarks on per sonal appearance?" she asked, laughing, and trying to appear thoroughly at her ease. " You would not think it rode if you knew my motives, "he replied, so seriously that the was staeerod, but she still made an effort at bsster. "That won't do," she said ; "motives are such horribly vague things and cover so many shortcomings." " Is it a shortcoming to admire you des perately, and to — love yon ?" he aBked. The last word came out with a gasp which gave it an emotional point for whioh his inmost feelings were in no way responsible. Lady Gertrude looked down now, and did Hot attempt to speak. So the dress had done its work, yet Elvira Delane had oalled it a shroud. There was silence for a second or two , ahe was battling th her feelings, trying to still her throb bing heart. He— well, it were better, per haps, to throw a veil over what he really What he said, when with a mighty effort he oompelled himself, was — "Will you be my .wife ?" She did not speak at once ; she was too happy to give her pleasure words, but at last a faint M Yes" came from her pretty, pouting bps. and she raised bar eyes to his faoe to tteet such a look of sadness in his, that she finrank before his gase. Bhfi asiced do you look so sadly at me "Bid I look aad ? Do not be frightened ; I bb only wondering whether I was worthy of yog — whether you would be really happy if yon shared my lot." " I am not afraid." No, dear Lady Gertrude, you are very lirvr' yu do not know me." Not know you, Mr Dunraven ; it seems I have known you all my life." 1 Does a woman ever know the inner life of toy man f»» Hie laughed. .."I have enough belief in you not to be Pvtid of yonr inner life. " . ' ru will take me on faith and marry me . You are only teasing me ; I don't be- anything to Investigate. One would think you were a murderer or forger to ear you talk, and if you were " «I wereP" . Well — it would be very difficult for me 1ft hate you." " Thanks." 8 there was a short silence- He rr fiyon her a loophole for esoape, but she tod only rushed blindly on her fate. If sbe Ad refused the proposed marriage 8ir Louis not have blamed him, butshe accepted, "J®® must mail® on her aad try to look the wwess she was feeling. had never thought of dancing, and wire sitting by this time in a small bondoir, "Mi was next to the supper-room. Vneortwo people peed in at the door awJ ftmilhic, tmt no one ventured o intrude, tfliey were virtually alone, or at hUevents believed themselves to be so. Clement Dunraven had always been oon- hwerein adept in the art of love- inking, but to-night be felt as shy and unequal to the occasion) as though he were the veriest tyro. He could not, however, retreat now, since he had asked her to marry him and she bad accepted his proposal. His wife ! Merciful heavens, was it possible chat he had asked Lady Gertrude Yereohoyle to be his wife? Ay, it was absolutely true, for he stole his arm round her alight waut, and drawing her oloae to him, he imprinted a lingering VIm on the fall red lips, and she did not resist him, as she assuredly would have done had she not felt that she was his very own. That kiss seemed to revive some of the slumbering passion in Clement's deadened heart, and he awoke to a sense of how beau tiful Lady Gertrude really was. " You are too good for me, my darling," he said with more fervor than he had as yet shown ; "how lovely you are, to? angeli- cally lovely for a mere mortal like myself. The whole of England will say I am the laokiest dog in the country, to have won a being so fair as you are." And the atm round her tightened, until die felt as if she were in a vice. "And I the luckiest woman to have won the lore of the popular Clement Dunraven," she replied, laughing, aud trying to free her self from his clasp. He loosed her somewhat, seeing she was a little distressed. "I must not frighten my birdie," he whispered a little apologetically, " but you should not be so beautiful, my sweet Gertrude." She blushed and looked up at him with shy, sweet eyes. " Then you do love me, Clement? Don't talk to me about myself, but about your love. Ib It really true and fast ; will it endure for all our lives? You will never neglect me or grow oold to me, as some men do to their wives?" a u<u& cajitobuiu uuie uvor viwiumi jjuo- raven's faoe like a cloud. Bnt before he oould answer she went on — " Ah, I have offended yon. I was wrong : I should not have doubted your loyalty and good faith. Forgive me." 44 Sweet one, who oould be false to you? The man who oould make you Buffer is a brute." "You will never cause me suffering, Clement. Yes, I know it full well ; you will shield me from danger and Buffering." "Ay, will I, dearest, to the follest extent of my power. If uuhappiness conies to you through me it will be through my misfortune and not my fault." Sbe laid her hand in his. "I believe you," she said, "aud I will trust you always because I know that you love me. Tell me that you love me." 44 1 love you — yea — I love you," he re peated, but there was but little romance in his voice. That did not trouble her, however ; she was as happy as the birds in spring. Clement Duoraven, her girlish ideal, was to be her husband, ber own, her very own. Lord Mel bury would be pleased, Sir Louis would be pleased, but none of them as pleased as she herself, she thought, as she sat there, talking of her future happiness. Hours of the in tensest pleasure end at last, however. Two men interested in a knotty point at whist began to argue the matter out at the door of the boudoir ; another moment and they would probably come in to ex emplify their meaning by the help of some cards which lay ou the table. One more harried fervent kiss and the newly-betrothed lovers started to their feet and prepared to join the throng in the larger room. To do so they had to pass the boudoir win dow, which was opeo. For a second they stood inhaling the fresh air and looking out into the starry night. Neither of them, how ever, saw a pair of lustrous eyes, which were shining throngh the foliage of an adjaoent shrub. Had they done so what changed issues might not their lives have known f Bat they passed ou to their fate, and the owner of those dark splendid orbs passed on, too, into the silent night equally to meet ner tate ; wnetner a darker or lighter one than Lady Gertrude's, who shall say? For the moment Lady Gertrude's star seemed to be in the asoeudant, for was she uot Clement Dunraven's promised wife ? Ae sbe had predicted, Lord Melbury smiled his gratified assent, and Sir Louis was go delighted, he could scarcely keep his feel ings under oontrol. 44 You have done welt, my boy, splendidly well," he said, patting Clement on the shoulder. 44 A thousand a year and the run of Aboyne Court, that is what you shall have as long as I am above the sod, and after that you will be the master. It won't be long, Clement, it won't be long." It was in order to be master of Aboyne Court and its income that Clement bad con sented to ask Lady Gertrude to be his wife, jot it was scarcely a feeling of joy that rose in bis heart when he knew that he had won the triok. While the fiances were standing talking to Sir Louis, Pierce Yauglmnoame up with Miss Elvira Delano. They had just been dancing together. Elvira took in the situation at a clanoe, and wtuspereu to L&ay; uer crude. " Jiow does a woman feel when she has won P You shall give me yonr. experience to-morrow. When I have heard tbem I shall either congratulate or oondole." Pierce yaugh&n; said nothing, but he was not therefore ignorant as to what had happened; on the contrary, he knew too well for his pleasure, and beueath his calm, inexpressive demeanor there lay buried a fund of jealousy, revenge and hatred of whioh neither bis ttnole nor Clement could fail one day to feel the force, and from which dainty Lady Gertrude herself would suffer more or less. There was no doubt that a tree had been planted that night which would be productive ofmuah fruit. What matter to Sir Louis, who rubbed Mb hands and ohookled over his work, if the berries, to be oulled from it here after would be often nauseous and evende&dly; to the taste. Pierce Yaughau, at odds with life, sinoe he saw no ohanoe of obtaining either Lady Gertrude's handortheinheritanoe be had more than half expeoted might be his, was the first to leave the ball. Marriages have erenow been hindered. He would cool hie fevered brain, he thought, by walking about the grounds that sorrounded the house. As he strode along he f6lt as if being pur sued by a footstep. Pierce Vaughan was no believer in ghosts, yet he was desperately in clined to think that there was one near him ! at that moment. He walked on rapidly to the edge of a little wood, in whioh he conld see nothing for the foliage. Just as he reached it the moon came out from behind a cloud, and suddenly aud unexpectedly he and and his pursuer saw each other as in full day. She was a woman, clad in along, black cloak, whioh concealed ber form, but her faoe he oould never forget; if however met her again he should know her. He had no time to make acquaintance then ; as suddenly as she appeared she departed, and ghost or reality, he saw her no more. CHAPTER HI,— Boy on Girl. On the outskirts of the town of Coleshill, about four miles from Aboyne Court, there was a picturesque old cottage standing in a wild garden. It had onoe been a dairy farm, but evil times had come and the meadows and cows had been sold one by one, nntil nothing was left but the cottage itself and the garden round it, which from want of tillage was not very productive. Old Fanner Glendinning had lived there and his father before htm for many yean— it was his freehold. He would not sell the roof from over his bead, he said, but just starve there until the end came ; it could not be far off since he haA long "passed the allotted age of three score I years and ten," I Starvation, too, it was both for himself and I bis granddaughter, Lisbeth, but he did not consider her in the matter. As long as he had bis pipe aod she ministered to his crea ture comforts, as well as she oould, according to the means she bad at oommand, he was satisfied. Lisbeth was an orphan, living on his charity ; if it wero not for him she would be in the workhouse, he told the neighbors, if ever thev expostulated with him nhnnt tho dreariness of the girl's life ; and the neces sity to make some provision for her future ; but no one interfered with the Glendinniogs and their affairs. The old man was deaf, it was verv difficult to make him understand, and Lisbeth did not en courage gossip or interference. She was what the townsfolk called 44 a stand-off, up start minx, with nothing to boast of but a few good looks, which sooner or later would bring her to ruin." It was quite true that Lisbeth possessed beauty far surpassing the average given to women, and the prophecy that it would bring her 10 turn was called forth by the fact that she declined to bestow herself on mil Mathers, the well-to-do son of the principal draper in Coleshill, and had also re fused a very genteel young chemist who had lately come to settle there. tru&c; we giri waniea no one could guess, bat that she was an arrant fool, they all agreed. For if she thought that old Josh Glendinning bad a pile of sovereigns tied np in an eld stocking, ene was much mis taken. He had dribbled away all his patri mony long ago. Lisbeth, however, heeded no remarks that reached her, and kept herself as much away from the townsfolk as possible, never goinn into Coleshill, except when she was forced to do so, to buy 6ome of the frugal fare by which she and old JoBh managed to keep body and sonl together. Of late ahe had gone still less into the town, having sent a little girl, the daughter of some poor people who lived near, to do her errands, thus bringing down upon herself a still greater avalanche of remarks, as the question passed from mouth to month querying whether the Glendinnings had had a fortune left them. For the last week everyone had been far too much taken up with Lady Marcia Fol- iambe's ball to ffiv much head to Lishftth and her affairs, and luoky for her that it was so, for events in ber life ware arriving at a crisis, whioh would scarcely have borne the investi gations of thepublic gaze. How beautiful she looked as she leant against the door-post at the bade of the cot tage. Y'et it was a beauty touched by sorrow ; her faoe, usually Buffttsed with a bright color, was pale as death, ber dark eyes shone with a feverish lustre. Something had hap pened whioh had shaken the very foundations of faith and happiness. It was two days after Lady Map/iia Fol- jambs's ball, old Josh had had a stroke of paralysis in the morning hours, as the car riages passed his gate on their return from the festivities, and he lay upstairs, siok unto death, it was feared. It was, however, scarcely Josh's illness that affected Lisbeth so closely. She had for a long time expected that the end would come, perhaps almost craved it, since Josh was both cruel and hard to her. There was something stirring the depths of ber heart, nearer her own inner life than poor old selfish Josh's approaching dissolution. Once or twice as she stood there, she shielded her eyes as if she expected to see someone coming. Not a creature was in sight, but at last ene heard a footstep coming round the cottage from the front, and tbe crimson color ruthed madly from brow to throat. Another mimnte and a man's arm was round her, and she was drawn convulsively to his heart. 44 My Bett, my beautiful, my own, thank God, 1 see you once again." But Lisbeth struggled violently, aud free ing herself from his embrace, stood before him, proud and erect, looking at him with an expression of mingled mockery and eoorn. 44 Howdareyoo," sheoried, "how dare you come here after " Her words seemed to choke her, and the sentence ended in a con vulsive sob. "My dearest Bett, what do you mean? "Why you sent former What has happenedP What do you know ?" She mastered her emotion with a vigorous effort, and, trying to speak calmly, said in a low tone, 14 1 know that Clemeut Dunraven is false." 44 Av," he answered, 44 false &b; hell. You are right. It is to tell you this that I have come here to-day." 44 Falee to her, or false to me ?" she asked loosing at him fixedly with her large eyes. 44 Good he&venB;, do you doubt me for a moment 1 False to her, of course, sinoe you are my love, my life. But how do you know anything about her, my darling 2" 44 1 was at the boudoir window on the night of the ball . I saw you circle yonr arms about her waist, as you have often circled them about me. I could have cried with pain at the sight. I saw your lips move as it utter- ins those wards of love I know so well, aud t saw her languishing eyes turned in adoration on yonr face. Y'es, Clement, I saw all this, and I am still alive. Alive and looking into your false faoe. " " My Bett, mv love, I came here to- day to tell yon the whole truth, to throw myself on your generosity, to appeal to the strong love which I know you bear me. I am in no way to blame for what has happened. It is all the fault of my unole Louis. I care no more for Lady Gertrude Veraohoy le's love than I do for the pebbles ia front of the doorway. ButSir Louis says that unless I marry her he will leave me without a single sixpenoe in the world." 44 But I am your wife," said Lisbeth, 44 for the sake of ooin you would commit this sin P" 44 God knows if I had a moderate income I would not be mercenary, my poor Bett. I cannot steal, to beg I am ashamed, and if I asked for work who would give me any to do P He would be a sorry fool who employed me." 44 No, you cannot work, that is not to be thought of," she said, with a faint emile, evoked even in this hour of desperation, by the idea of Clement Danr&ven; doing any work. 44 What, then, can 1 do but obey Sir Louis and go through the farce of this marriage P" 44 But I am your wife. A man aooording to the English law cannot marry two wives." 44 Not unless the first one gives her con sent." "Gives her consent, Clement. Whatever do you mean?" 44 Only this, dear. Yon know a king or a grand duke marries the woman he loves, what is oalled morganatioally, that is, ahe oannot be a queen or grand duabess. Then be marries some prinoess, who can fill the high rank and do the datiee of the state, bat who is always outside his heart" 44 But you are neither a king nor a grand duke, Clement T' 44 No, love, hut it is the same thing, 1 am Sir Louis Dunraven's heir." "Yet I am yonr wife. My children will be legitimate." 44 Yes, love," he said, hesitatingly, for he dared not deny. 44 Well, then, dement, if even in my great- love for you I oould let you go and remain Hileut about our relations, so that you might become rich and powerful, how oould I do them this wrong?" 44 It will not do them mnch good to be paupero. I should have to leave you and go away info some distant land, a tor- tune which I should never find. Whereas If you oouour in this arrangement you and your child or children will be In comfortable cir cumstances, reaping the benefit of my unole's inheritance." 41 1 do not waut the money. When old Josh dies, as he will in a few days, I oan work and keep myself, but the unborn child. Oh ! Clement, I wish I knew what is beet to be done for the ohild." Clement Dunraven oared nothing for the child. His paternal instincts had in no way been awakened, but he cared a great deal for the beautiful woman by bis side, though more perhaps for his position in life, or he would scarcely have asked her to sacrifice herself for his advantage. It was false reasoning to try and induce her to do this, on the plea that she and her ohild would benefit by it. What would money avail them if the | mantle of secrecy and shame was to be oast over their birth, and another woman than the one he had legally married a year ago, was to live as mistress at Aboyne Court. For a few seconds neither of tootn spoke. Both were thinking of the situation. Clement was wondering what he would do if Lisbeth refused to give him up, and Lisbeth was wrapt in thought of her child if she set it aside for its father whose will was her law, and whom she could not believe to wholly wrong : hence, she argued to herself, there must be justice in what he demanded. After all, what right had sbe a daughterof the people to link her fortunes with those of Sir Louis Dunraven's nephew! She was to blame, she must suffer for her fault — but the ohild. If she had no thought for that unborn child it would be so easy to set him free. Had jealousy no place in her heart in this supreme hour ? Jealousy of that other woman she had ssen sitting bo near hi on the sofa? No, the ohild for the moment nnsurped every other feeling, her own misery, her agony at the knowledge that he would live for the rest of his life with another — a lady of high degree— was as nothing compared with whatshe felt about the future of that as yet unseen ohild. (to be continued.) 