THE COOK-LANE GHOST. NO Londonghost has enjoyed greater fame than the one which Walpole “ went to hear” in 1762. “We set out from the opera,” he says, “ changed our clothes at Northumberland House. The Duke of York, Lady Northumberland, Lady Mary Coke, Lady Hertford, and f, all in a haokney coach, drove to the spot It rained in torrents ; yet the lane was full of mob, and the bouses fu'l. Wo coaid not get in. .At lost they discovered it was the Duke of York ; and the company squeezed themselves into one another's pockets to make room for us. The house, which is borrowed, and to which the ghost had adjourned, is wretchedly small and miserable. When we opened the chamber, in which were 50 people with no light but one tallow candle at the oad, we tumbled over the bed of the child to whom the ghost comes. At the top of the room are ropes to dry olothes. I asked if we were to. have rope-dancing between the aots. We heard nothing. Wo stayed till half-an-hout after one, Provisions are sent in like forage, and all the taverns and ale houses in the neighborhood make fortunes.” The pretence was that the spirit of a murdered ‘ woman appeared to a girl and by knocks and scratches answered questions. A bold promise that the ghost would knock on the coffin of the dead woman in the the vault under the Phuroh of St. John, Olerkenwell, was put to the test, hut silence reigned. Prom that time the girl was more closely watched, and ultimately she was caughfknocking and scratching upon a board concealed under her stays. The gentleman charged with the murder instituted legal proceedings .against all the parties conderned! r A clergyman and tradesman paid several hundred pounds as damages. The girl, who bad no doubt been tutored by herparents, was sent to prison for eis months; her mother undergoipg a year’s hard Jabor, and her father two years’, The last mentioned *l® thrice placed in the pillory at the epd pf Pock-lone, but the rabble .sympathised iWitfi him,,and -raised...a. subscription foy hia benefit. y t ; ■>:. Poison in -Tiik Tba-pqt.—Thus sp English paper has long beei} kpown that ip itaeffeot upon thesyatem tea is by no means ttte poet who sang of "thp cup that cheers but not inebriates'* it id-be.: Bat most of us drink it- do - not bargain for antimony/' Colored woodenchips, npo lampbjaok. According to the poveya* mept Analysfc in Now South' Wales, that in a-smalt sample of what we get when we ‘‘try qur unrivalled i>l end at' one and nine, ll to seemsthat on the- tea planta tions tea leaves are-colpred'’ by churn|ng them in a revolving barrel with pondered blaokload. Sanded - sugar and wpodep nutmegs wo have long been familiar wjthj but leaded tea; ; -;1 : ■ • 