OUR LAND LAWS. (To the Editor of Evening Penny Post) e81,-- e a oloseo obe.rver of all that hbe been said vnd written of late concerning our land lawP, and no one who is oatting a living from the land, I wish to maho a few r-marks on that subject. There is not one of the authorities on it-not even Mr. Reginald Black-who can rise one iota above the alienation of the public estato. They all seem to be tarred with the same brush as to private owner. shabip in land-- thing that should never have been allowed. Land grabbing has been the ourse of the world from time immemorial; but of course any innovation would be un-English and must not be thought of. Without private ownership we would have no aristocraoy, no ocquetting with financial institutione, nor would the hard earniogs of the horny-handed find tholer ay into the soft palms of genteel idlers. The central division is the bone of contention just now, and as all the authorities, or in oiher words, all those who are inlorested, either dircotly or indirectly, are putting forth their views as to how this interesting pieae of oountry bshould be divided amongst them, it behoves the democrats to poll the akin from over their eyes and watch matters closely at the coming elections. The country party wihbes the whole division to be thrown open to free selectlion, which would be the height of madness. It would ruin the quoatters and tbo financial companies who are booking them, and cause a crivia far greater than the one from which we are just now emerging. The squatters' financial ocmpanise and the greeat land bungler, Copeland, are willing to esuome half the present loeseholds for free seleotion pourposes, which would also be madness, for this reason-that the squatters and financial companies have already seoured nearly half the lend in that division, and as the equatters know every yard of their rune they would htave the eyes dummied out of the land before an outsider would have the ghost of a ohance, and when the balance of the leases fell through they would virtually own the whole division, which means that they wooul have mono. polied all the best wheat- growing land in the colony. We want no more wholesale or retail aliena tion of the publio estate. What we want is an Ator that will stop all further treaflo in land as for as the State is concerned and that will righttho wrong already done by.our accursed system of alienation. If thodemoorate will only be true to themselves and not return to Parliament any of those self-styled democrats of the Fitzgerald.O'Sullivan type, we will be able to get what we require from the next Parliament, viz., all the land required for the purposes of settlement to be out up into bleoks of suitable size for agriculture and grazing combined or separately, to be leased to the people at a fair rental, the leases to be perpetual or otherwise, with tenant right in improvements, and to be re-valued say every ton years. To make matters equal a tax should be placed on the unimproved value of all the alienated land despite the cry of repudiation. The reol value of land cannot be computed, as it depends upon whatever rental the Orown or who ever holds it can draw from it for all time. Let no look honestly at the injustice to the rest of the community caused by land alienation. You iht a man have one aore of land for the sum of 1, giving to him, his heirs, and enuooeeora the right to levy blackmail in the form of rent for ever and far ever. Troly we are worse than esau, who sold his birthright for a mese of pottage. Yours faithfully, D P K, Reid's Flat. 