WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW?. Mrs. H. H. JENNINGS lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Mmnio Parrot boards with her. Tho house is an old one but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked ail the doors and wont to tho theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left tho gas burning, however, in tho front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of thorn in a second. Kight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature, Tho upper part of his lace was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the holes in it. Mis shirt-alcoves were rolled up, and in one hand ho carried a long old-fashioted pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came ira live minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw 1 «• During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On th fourth of these nights about two o'clock, 1 was suddenly aroused from a dose by what seemed like the calling of my name ;and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving homo to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and tho local old women gossip said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it is more three years ago now. No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the neivos will play on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Boad, I'okowdown, Hants, wrote us as follows :—" I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in tho room with me. yet 1 did not wish them far away in case 1 should call out for help. This was in June, 1889\. 1 slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid -food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get bettor. "I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off , and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days 1 was ablo to walk across the room, and by tho end of the week 1 went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food and all my nervousness has left mo." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The origiual cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrnp had given new vigor to the digestion and thus fed and toned tho nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most nncanny visions and sounds mean uothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what iB natural and wholesome. 604f 