9 GUNNING WITH A CANNON. [By Geohgk Gordon, in the Boston Youths' Companion.] On board of tbe cholera-infected steamship Normannia, as she lay day after day at quaran tine with her hundreds of aggrieved and im patient cabin passengers, who had no cholera and were not likely to have it, we had a philo sophic passenger named Stioson, who at tempted to divert our minds with a ' fad ' of his own. He was an ardent naturalist and lover of animal life; and he desired to interest the public in an attempt to save from axtinction such animals as the moose, the buffalo, the elephant, and the beaver, the grizzly bear, the gray wolf, aud the lion. His plan was to establish protected preserves for animals in favorable places in order that a century or two hence these animals may still exist for our descendants to see. For these species to perish, Mr. Stinson argued, would be an irreparable misfortune. The earth will never produce their like again. There are scores of uninhabited islands and other isolated tracts of country where families of all these vanishing genera could be colonised, as the buffalo is now colonised in the Yellowstone Park. 'Why preserve all these beasts? They are of no use,' one passenger argued. 'It would be a waste of time and money. The brutes would soon be breaking out of the preeerves, too, and make trouble for everybody living near.' 'That is an argument from & bald, utilitarian point of view,' replied the ' moose preserver.' as he has been dubbed. ' Think how our descendants, a hundred years hence, will despise us if we exterminate all these interesting and wonderful species I' 'I draw the line aS grizzly bears,' re marked a facetious young gentleman from Tacoma. ' And I draw the line at elephants,' oried an TfrnTliahman vahn hailed frnm Curia fn-arn ' We tried preserving those brutes down in South Africa. The Government, some years ago, had the same idea as our friend here. There was but one wild herd of elephants left in Cape Colony, and that was out near the Knysna. Many well- meaning persons were so much alarmed lest the coble animals should die out, and they said so much about it, that the Government at length passed an Act pro tecting elephants and giving them liberty to ranee where they pleased. It was mads a misdemeanor for any one to hunt or other wise harass them. 'The consequence was that in seven or eight years that herd of elephants became the greatest nuisance ever inflicted on the people of that quarter of the world. ' My brother and I owned a sheep run in the Zondag River country. Those elephants per secuted us for several years. The silence of their movements was such that they often came into mealie fields without arousing the neigh boring watchdogs. Or it may have been that the dogs were terrified into quiet by the elephants' approach. One night the herd took the sacks of wool off one of our 'trek3 waggons which stood out loaded to go to Cape Town and scattered them about. ' At another time they came to a hut in the night where one of our shepherds was asleep. An elephant thrust his trunk in at the open window-hole, felt about the interior with it, got hold of the shepherd's foot and pulled him out of his bunk ! When the man awoke to find himself thus hauled off his couoh he was frightened almost to death. ' His tired dog, which had also been asleep inside, now rushed out, barking furiously ; whereupon the elephant let go the man, caught up the dog, and threw him a hundred feet, into a rooky kloof, or gully. The fall broke the dog's back. ' For hia life the shepherd durst not stir out of his hut. He at first believed that a serpent had seized him. The elephants amused them selves by breaking down the sheep corral, fora time, and at last sauntered away. 'This shepherd, by-the-bye, was an Ameri can, named Dryfield, who had been a gunner on board the Confederate privateer Shenan doah, which was cruising for whale Bbips in the North Pacific, and continued at sea for two months or more after Lee's surrender. When the crew learned that they had been privateer ing after the war had ceased, they did not dare to surrender themselves lest they might be hanged as pirates. At last they were turned adrift in a foreign port, and Dryfield came to Gape Colony, where he took service as a shepherd. 'Those Cape elephants were great travel lers. Often they came a distance of twenty miles in a single night, to break into the mealie field of some unsuspecting settler who awoke next moraine to find his crop de stroyed. By this time the herd was many miles away. ' Garden raiding became a pastime with this herd, and as there were more than twenty of the big brutes, a farmer's efforts for the season were- frequently cancelled in a few hours. ' Not content with eating fresh vegetables, the beasts would break .down fruit trees and small shade trees, sometimes stripping off every branch and leaving only the bare trunk of the tree. ' One night while passing a sheep-rancher's place, the rogues, apparently for a practical joke, took tne thatched roof off a small barn and lifted out a mule. The poor beast was found lying in a pool near the barn, next morn \ng, with most of his bones broken. 'The herd was often fired at by angry settlers, but the law protecting elephants re strained us from organising a regular hunt. My brother and I lost several plats of ' mealies,' or Indian corn. We obeyed the lawrbut we deemed its operation unjust, and thought we had a right to make a vigorous effort to drive away the- marauders from our own property. 'During one of the early wars with the Boers and Kaffirs a column of British troops, retreating from the Cornea Dagga, had lei 6 a siz-pound brass howitzer behind them. For many years the piece had remained in posses sion of a settler named Dromgole. While we werecastingabout us for some expedient to save our mealie crop Dryfield thought of this old howitzer. . . ... 'Our first idea was to fire it in the night, durinsr the period of full moon in February, to scare the brutes away. We had powder, but no Bix-pound balls until Dryfield made a clay mould and ran several leaden balls, which he finished off by paring with a knife. They weighed muuh more than an iron ball of the same size, and we experimented oautionsly with the old gun lest it should burst with the discharge. But it was sound. 'Dryfield fired three balls at a large rock and hit it twice. ' A few nights later the elephants visited a plantation across the river. They commonly came up the southerly bank of the Zondag, from the wooded hilly districts to the east and south-east. An agreement was entered into between Dromgole and ourselves to set) a watch on clear nights while there was moonlight. ' There are bluffs along the northerly bank of the Zondaer, a mile or two south of our OUCC^SUCUDi JL i*O UViU^IXDVO TT CVS UaUiQU UUrlQ and masked under a little shed amidst the bush which crowned the bluff. The Zondag is there a hundred yards in width or more, and fordable in some places. ' Several Kaffirs were hired to watch for the herd. Some time passed before one of the negroes, known as John Fattoo, came over to our place in tne night and informed us that the elephants had gone up the river bank. ' It is one of the characteristics of elephants that, on their night expeditions, they nearly always come and go by the same path, or in tracking phrase, 'pick up their own trail.' Hence we felt pretty Bure that they would re turn that way after a few hours. We dressed in haste, sent the kaffir to rouse Dryfield, aud Bet off for the bluffs. 'The early part of the night had been dark. The moon, now in its last quarter, rose after midnight, and was now looking up over the wooded Knysna mountains. On reaching the bluff where the gun was posted, we found our hired watchman soundly asleep in a blanket. We woke him and sent him up the river to watch. ' Dryfield loaded the gun, and we waited. It was a chilly night, very dewy and damp, with a slight mist rising from the river below us. After a time the Kaffir crept back, saying that the herd was coming down ; and soon we heard one low ' toot1 from the leader. ' Then the herd filed in Bight, and moved along in the open meadow across tbe river. Their march was curiously quieb and orderly. They appeared to be in single file ; and from where we lay hidden, their pace was as noise less as if they had been so many ghosts. In tha obscurity t;-ey resembled a long train of loaded wool waggons. 'Dryfield brought the gun to bear, and before the herd had come down opposite us, he fired, on them. It is likely that the ball passed over the heads of tbe elephants, pro bably in advance of them. The leader stopped shorb. 'When the report crashed on their ears they wheeled about and ran back to where a group of large melkhout trees afforded a deep shadow. Here thev stood as Quietly aa & party of frightened ucboolboys. We had charges of powder made up, and Dryfield, re loading, trained the gun on the timber clump and seat a second ball through the tree tops. ' With the second report the leader of the herd apparently made up hi3 mind that the noise indicated something hostile and dangerous. So he led of! trumpeting at a run back along their trail up the river. But they had noo gone far when they sighted or Been ted two or three Kaffirs who had heard the fifing and were coming down tbe bank. Thereupon the whole herd wheeled about and came back &'i a rapid run. A third ball was fired among them as they rushed along ; but this time they did not pause for an instant. We hurriedly recharged th-=- gun, and before they were fairly past Dry field sent a fourth missile low over their backs. There were seventeen of the big brutes. Several of them trumpeted from fear, follow, ing the last report. Before we could load again they were well past us, but we slung the gun on its wheels aud tired a fifth shot after them at a distance now of probably six or seven hundred yards. Tree tops on the immediate river bank in parti obstructed Dryfield's arm, but from what wa3 learned next day we Burmieed that this last shot bit an elephant. ' Tbere was a kloof, or gully, on the farther bank, where a tributary stream flowed down. The elephants bad to cross it, and we heard them trumpeting there for some little time after the fifth shot. They were now entirely out of sight, but we fired the last of our lead balls after them ab a venture, and then re turned home, thinking we had given the mischievous beasts a great fright, if nothing more. 'Next day a Kaffir came to tell us that in the kloof down the river lay a disabled elephant. My brother and I took our carbines and bade the man show the way. ' In the kloof we found an elephant lying in the bed of the gully and groaning dolefully. One of its large ears was nearly torn away, and one of its fore- legs was injured. 'It was evident trom the tracks that the other members of the herd had sought to give aid to their unfortunate companion, and that they had gone away only after finding thefr efforts vain. 'We shot and killed the poor beast. Whether our six-pound balls had had anything to do with disabling him, or whether he had received hia injury from falling accidentally into the kloof, was not wholly clear. 'Lest we might all three be informed oa and fined our neighbor Dromgole united with us in a report to the authorities at Cape Town, to the effect that we had found an elephant lying disabled in a kloof, and had dispatched it. I must confess it was a some what one-sided report, since we omitted all mention of the howitzer. 'So far as we were able to learn these eleohants did not come up the Zondag again forthree years. There is no doubt that the creatures are very intelligent and have good memories, but I have no wish to have a colony of them for my neighbors.' ' Ab, but preserves might easily be located where no one need suffer from them,' inter posed the ' moose-preserver,' earnestly. 'Think of the thousand uninhabited islands of the'South Pacific and Indian Oceans. Safe preserves might be located there for every species of animal life.' The facetious young gentleman had been watching his chance. He smiled. ' Would you have a preserve for that enter prising species, the cholera microbe?' ho asked. The moose-preserver frowned at the per petrator of the weak witticism. The phonograph is not unlikely soon to take its place as an instrument of instruction in medical teaching. Dr. Macintyre has been able to demonstrate a number of cough-sounds and varieties of hoarseness due to different pathological conditions, and by special record ing: arrangements to register the heart sounds. He also has a microphone enabling him to listen to the sounds of the body at the same time, and also to transmit these sounds to a distance, so that students in a classroom could hear the chest- sounds of a patient in a hospital. 