Crystals. Hoolan has resigned. Now we shall soon see whether it is patriotism or some more potent cause. It's a great shame that the ' honourable for life ' racket wasn't made retrospective. Then the fountain of honour would have sported some queer fish. a recitation 01 me sorrows 01 Lucky Butler reminds us of the similar fate of our old friend R.H.D.W. Before he was a fortnight in possession of his plum he had been asked for more than it was worth. - ? A railway accident in San Salvador killed 300 people. . That will be nearly as good as a rebellion to the sanguinary little republic. They are talking about closing the Cairns Hospital for want of funds. And this, although another ^8000 has just been spent on their omnivorous railway. Why don't the hospital men wait on the arbitration push for a donation. One per cent, on the takings would set the institution on its legs again. ine .in. Li. ecc directors nave decided, not to prosecute the 'old directors — But to persecute the shareholders with a big call. if Want to establish a precedent, perhaps, in view of contingencies. Canvassing in NewSouth Wales is in full swing — do. in Aubigny. There threatens to be twenty candidates for every seat down south. Promises to be about as many in the other place — Promises— not threatens— in this case oa account of the blooming ads. Not that they were an unqualified success last time. Talinage's tabernacle has been burnt and he is coming to Australia to lecture under the wing of the much- travelled one. ? Leaders bent on conquest have always burnt their boats and bridges behind them. But the Rev. T. de Witt would no doubt rather have his boat across the Bridge than conquer all Australia with his oratory. The boat was none the less dear to him in that he only, paid half the cost of its building. The, other half he dedicated to the Lord at the expense of the contractors. Queensland scientists are more', concerned to preserve the ceratodus than the' honest politician. Perhaps the difficulty in the latter case is Mrs. Glass's with the hare : first catch your hare. Hares are plentiful enough in Queensland, but ? Aposiopesis. ( Big enough in itself for a Crystal.) The ceratodus is worth a guinea a grain to science, and only 4d. a pound on the Mary and Burnett. And it is cheap at the guinea a grain and dear at the 4d. a pound, A Brisbane paper, started a few weeks ago for the express purpose of abolishing capital, has already adopted the highly capitalistic device ot 'floating.' But what individual will take shares is order to have them confiscated as soon as possible ? This is almost as badly inconsistent as building a hall to perpetrate that -hideous robbery, rent. ' The Australasian Medical Journal for May contains some luscious reading. There is an edifying article on ' Cholecy stcetomy' and no less .than . three on ' Myxoedema.' ' It also comes down on Judge Paul's extra judicial opinion that .' surgery was : an exact science j medicine a game of chance. ' According to the Journal it is very much the other way about : ' Medicine is the exact science in reality ; surgery is only too happy to follow her indU . - cations.' Both are sufficiently scientific in the matter of charges. The ereat Enmore stone- throwinr mvsterv has been solved like all similar mysteries that have been solved. While a score of bobbies and as many hundred awe-stricken citizens were watching the! window outside and marvelling at the superhuman accuracy of aim, A little , girl inside was simply dropping the chunks of road metal on the floor and cracking her sides at the fua she was having. Sold again for the spirit photogr«pers, seance-mongers and ghost-hunters of every degree, . ' The long- haired fraternity will be having ' recourse for consolation to the spirits about whose xxiitence there is no doubt whitever, 