Short Story, SILAS WHITCOMB'S WIDOW. BY HOWARD S. CLAYTON. It was the day of Silas Whitcomb's fune- ral, and a dreary day it was for the people who crowded the little farm-house to pay last honors to the sturdy old farmer, who had passed away after many goodly years of toil, under the same roof where his grandfather had died just forty years be- fore. The Whitcomb place had changed a great deal since that other funeral many days agone, when the old Captain had been laid to rest upon the hill that seemed to stand as a senti- nel and guardian for the prosperous settle- ment that nestled about its base The hill had changed, too, for its graceful crest had long ago been seized upon by the pioneers of Leeborough, enclosed in a ' slat fence,' and, without much ceremony, appropriated as a bourn for the dear departed. It had lost its heavy growth of giant pine, and was now covered outside the inclosure with a scrubby crop of evergreens, that could hardly hope to attain the noble proportions of their prede- cessors. So it had been for miles around, for the forest soon melted away before the hardy pioneers, making a place for the arts of civilization. In this march of improvement the Whit- combs had always borne an honorable part. Unswerving honesty and rigid economy had been to them positive forces in that widely comprehensive term —general prosperity, Cold, practical and severely reticent in all matters not directly entering into the rather narrow sphere of their individual lives, they toiled faithfully and well, then passed in turn from off the stage of human action, carrying always the respect but seldom the love, of those with whom they were brought into close relations. Such people are common enough the world over, reaching perhaps the highest stage of undevelopment in the farming districts of New England. Here, especially, are the conditions lamentably unfavorable for the unfolding of soul. Sere the artistic and spiritual impulses are over ridden, narrowed, perverted, and in many cases totally des- troyed by the humdrum drudgery of every- day existence. It is a struggle of brawn and muscle with the obstinate and obstructive forces of nature, where Nature has dealt her blessings meagerly—a bitter, unyielding and never-ceasing contest for mere food and rai- ment. In such an environment mental life perishes in embryo, leaving a poor little ghost to perform menial service in a domain where muscle is at once priest, king and deity. Thus the higher faculties follow obediently where they should lead imperiously. Though not much given to wandering in abstractions, it is possible that these thoughts may have crossed the mind of Silas Whit- comb's widow as she stood looking out over a stretch of brown bare field, waiting for the neighbors to assemble and look for the last time upon the face of her deceased spouse. Inside the gloom was intensified, by the dreary prospect without. The low, leaden Septem- ber sky, the sombre hues of autumn, the tall trees, through whose branches the wind moaned at intervals in melancholy cadence— all this seemed to magnify the affliction that suddenly thrust itself into the life of Mabel Whitcomb. She was dressed in a plain gown of black alpaca, given her soon after marriage by Silas, and fitted by the not over-skillful hand of one Mrs. Mary Wilson, town modiste, who also did odd jobs at spiritualism, nursing and massage cures. Her dark felt hat was also a wedding souvenir which, under the kalei- doscopic touches of Mrs. Wilson, had been made to do service at all seasons and upon all occasions. A long veil of heavy black crape fell in graceful folds about her well-rounded figure, and she held in one of her hands a pair of brown kid gloves, which were the worse for occasional usage during a period of about three years. A number of the neighbors had already arrived, and Mrs. Wilson, who has been at the house during the last illness of poor ' Si,' as she called him, flitted from room to room, taking care that everything was in order, and occasionally covering her little green eyes with an enormous cambric handkerchief, which she dexterously tucked in her belt when requiring her hands for gestures illus- trating remarks eulogistic of the departed one. To every person who came she felt bound to speak at considerable length upon the virtues of the deceased. His honesty, his econemy, his noble charity, and his tender affection for the young widow who now mourned beside the bier, where all matters calling for superlative praise. These ser- monettes were invariably concluded with, ' Well, Si's at rest now,' as though some people might be skeptical enough to doubt his piety during life. To only one person, her good friend, the blacksmith's wife, did Mrs. Wilson venture to mention the cost of the coffin, which held in the front room all that was mortal of Silas Whitcomb. She was somehow led into this in a moment of colloquial confidence, and while indulging in a perfectly innocent speculation as to the probable future of widow. Would she marry again ? Was she inclined to be extravagant, as some people said ? These and other questions of a like character formed the prelude to a little bed-room chat that developed into a full- fledged discussion later on, in the midst of which Mrs. Wilson whispered to her com- panion that the coffin had cost exactly £15. The Smith's wife had attested her surprise by violently arching her eyebrows and puckering up her hard little mouth in a manner that amply rewarded the modiste for her truly startling information. Having soon regained her composure, however, she was about to speak when some one came to say that the minister had just arrived. ' All right,' answered Mrs. Wilson, draw- ing out her handkerchief, and adjusting the comb in her black hair. ' we'll come.' Taking on a look of deep melancholy, the two women passed into the sitting- room and entered the parlor, which was already well filled. It was a small, dreary apartment, with low ceiling and bare whitewashed walls, unrelieved by any of those delicate touches of feminine fancy that a house habit- able and homelike. A few cheap prints, framed in stained cedar and held at irregular angles by stout red cords, looked lonesome, and over a large sized crayon portrait of the late proprietor drooped a tangled mass of flaming autumn leaves. In one corner of the room a square table covered with a yellow silk spread held the family Bible, on which were arranged with mathematical precision five or six smaller volumes, the pile finding an apex in a quaint looking glass vase of the most fantastic design. In an opposite corner the coffin rested on another and a larger table, which had been improvised as a bier, and with its livery of death served only to heighten the grim as- pect of the place. Nearly every one carried a hymn book, and while the minister was trying to organize a choir Mrs. Wilson gave repealed assurances to her friends that it was ' time to begin.' In the interval she also found time to say that ' it was a terrible blow to Mabel,' and that ' the only consolation to be derived from the situation was found in the fact that Si would return to comfort her whenever she (Mrs. Wilson) desired to exert her mediumistic powers. The big clock in the sitting-room now chimed out the hour of 2, and as the minis- ter advanced to the head of the coffin a deep hush fell upon the assemblage. Silently and without any confusion the choir formed a half-circle about the clergyman, leaving the mourners to seat themselves in a row of chairs arranged along the western wall. Strictly speaking, there were only two persons included in the latter class ; the widow and a second cousin of the deceased, who resided in an adjoining town, were the only relatives present but Mrs. Wilson, and half a dozen neighbors filled out the row until every chair was occupied. The services opened with a hymn, which was followed by a brief prayer. After more singing the min- ister, who had been standing all the while, read the xxiii. Psalm and, using the whole as a text, drew therefrom a beautiful lesson of David's faith in the grace of God, illustra- ting at times with tender and even pathetic reference to the devout life of the departed, who had passed ' through the valley of the shadow of death ' and now stood in that celestial light radiated by the Divine Pre- sence. There was little heed given to the schol- astic forms of delivery and no attempt at oratorical effect. It was a simple and sin- cere sermon welling up from the depths of a noble heart, and the moist eyes in that little room attested, better than anything else could do, its profound effect upon those present. During the service Mabel Whitcomb sat like one in a dream. No tears had come to her relief, but her face was clinched and of a ghastly pallor, like that of the cold visage before her. With her finely chiseled features and stony gaze she looked like a statue taken possession of by the spirit of despair. It was not until the coffin-lid had been gently closed for the last time that she showed any signs of animation. Then, when all was ready, she rose from her seat mechanically, accepted the arm of her late husband's cousin and walked steadily out of the doors to the clumsy market wagon that had been provided to take her to the cemetery. One after an- other the teams drew up to the front door until the procession was made up, and then commenced a dreary ride of three miles to the last resting place of Silas Whit- comb. It was quite dark when they returned. Rain was falling, the wind howled dismally around the little farm-house, and it required no gift of prophecy to foretell one of those terrible storms that sweep the coast of New England, marking the autumnal equinox. Everything seemed charged with deep gloom, and the prospect was not much en- livened when Mabel and Mrs. Wilson entered the house. No cheerful fire, no voice of welcome, not even a light in this abode where the dread destroyer had recently gathered another life to his mighty harvest. Mrs. Wilson had volunteered to stay for a few days, ' until you kinder get better,' as she told Mabel, and now, after remarking, with the captivating originality for which she was known, ' that it was a bad night,' she proceeded to prove her good intentions by starting a fire and making preparations for supper, going about her work with that nervous activity which characterized all her movements, talking volubly meanwhile of spiritual development, some of the strong manifestations in her own experience, and notable seances during the last annual camp meeting, in which she had played leading role. ' Spiritualism,' she said to Mrs. Whitcomb, who had not yet removed her wraps, and who sat staring vacantly at her talkative comforter, ' spiritualism, my dear girl, binds us all together in one family. Under spirit- ualism death don't take nothing that can't come back to the world. It is just grand. Now there's Silas. Body gone, to be sure, but his spirit will come back and talk to you and tell you what you oughter do. Ah, yes, Silas will have many messages for you, and it won't be long, neither, if you will only listen—' Here the speaker broke off abrupt- ly, put a stack of wood in the fire, and turn- ing sharply to the pale figure in the corner, bade her get ready for supper. Mabel took off her hat and cloak without a word, pushed a chair up to the table and silently sipped her tea, while the Wilson woman launched forth in another fluent talk on the com- munication of souls. When the meal was over Mrs. Whitcomb built a fire in the parlor and sat down in a big rocking-chair to think. She longed to be alone. Her one wish now was to wander uninterruptedly over memory's domain, away from the ceaseless and unsympathetic babble of Mrs. Wilson. A little shock came to her as she remembered that the chair she oc- cupied had belonged to Silas ; that it had been purchased for his exclusive use, and that she now ventured to enjoy it for the first time. She recalled, also, with a little pang of regret, her first and last attempt to occupy it during his life time. It was in Thanksgiving eve following their marriage in October. They had dined alone. She had begged for a little company—Mrs. Wilson and two or three other women of her acquaintance—but Silas had said sternly that he ' didn't owe the town gossips anything' ; and that, of course, had settled the matter. He had allowed, however, in honor of the occasion, a fire to be kindled in the front room, and after supper they had both retired here for the evening. Ah, how distinctly she remembered every circumstance of that cheerless November night. He had the big rocking-chair as usual, and after vainly try- ing to make him talk she had put down her knitting work, and somehow or other, before she hardly know it, was on his knee, putting one of his big strong arms about her waist, and half burying her face in his shaggy red- dish gray beard. Then he had uttered a little exclamation something between a sneer and a groan, saying simply, ' I'm thinking ; get up !' When she had resumed her seat in the corner, he took a chew of tobacco, put his feet on the table, and during the re- mainder of the evening sat moody and silent. But why should I think of those trivial matters now ? she mused. Silas was kind to me in many ways ; in fact he had never been anything else. It was his way ; and should he be arrainged so soon at the bar of retro- spect for—for what ? No indeed ! A thous- and times no ! She would think of his many good qualities and kind acts. True enough he had not on affectionate disposition, and was little given to those caressing ways which seem so much to the average woman. He was rather practical, to be sure, but of her physical comfort considerate always. Yes, Silas had been thoughtful, there was no denying that, and yet—and yet there was always something lacking. She had not been happy, and new it seemed to her that she had not even been contented. Still, after all, perhaps it had been her own fault. Their courtship had been so strange, and as she now mentally photographed its several phases she could not help thinking of the startling con- trast between the real and the ideal. She had dreamed of love, like other girls, and, like other girls, had had her hero, but her life had been so different from the alluring romance conjured up in her youthful dreams. She wondered if it were always so in real life — if all women were doomed to have their idols so ruthlessly shattered. She had not hoped for much. No vague, unreasoning desire for wealth or station—children of a morbid fancy — had ever crossed the prosaic pathway of her mental life. She had only asked for love. The early days of her ac- quaintance with Silas came now complete in every detail. It seemed so long ago. She recalled the opening of her first school, her first meeting with Silas, her troubles with the Henley family in her second term over the conduct of their children, her vow one night that she would teach no more, and then she heard again the voice of Silas, as it said : ' If you are tired of keeping school, little girl, come up and take care of the house for me. I like you.' She was only eighteen then. That was five long years ago. He was forty-five and wealthy, as the word is used in small country towns. She did not decide at once. She remembered Mrs. Wilson's queer expression when she had talked with her about it. The latter had said that ' 'twixt keeping school and a man like Si Whitcomb, she would advise any one to take the man every time.' So after a time she had taken the man and settled down to the routine of domestic life. How cold and narrow and dreary it had been ; how devoid of joy and hope and love. How she had tried to break the cold reserve of her husband. How faithfully she had striven to win from his hard, sordid heart one ray of affectionate sunshine. For the first time she found herself wonder- ing why she had ever married him at all. ' Eighteen and forty-five,' she murmured half aloud. ' I should have known better.' And then suddenly the sin of those rebellious thoughts loomed up before her, and she strove with all her might to put them away, as unworthy of a true woman. Rising from her chair, she went to the window, and stood peering out into the black and tempestuous night. A soft foot-fall in the entry broke in upon her reverie, and she turned to see Mrs. Wil- son enter, robed in a long white night-dress. In one of her claw- like hands she carried a candle, and the other she held up as a warn- ing and sign of silence. Putting down her light, the woman dropped into a chair, and motioning Mabel to come nearer, she seized her hands convulsively and burst into tears. After a few moments of violent sobbing, which had not been interrupted by any word or gesture from the other, she spoke. ' It's just as I told you, Mabel,' she began. ' I have a message from poor Si. He wants to talk with you ; I knew he would. You take that chair in the corner and I'll get myself under the influence ; then we can find out what he has to say.' Mabel turned away, but not to the chair in the corner. She resumed her former position at the window. ' Aren't you coming,' croned the medium, after a pause of some moments. ' No, Mrs. Wilson,' answered the widow, without turning around ; ' I am not coming. I do not want to hear from Silas. He is dead. Let him alone.' 