Parlies and 2ibbs. AVhat was presaged in "? paragraph in the " People Way" column of the AiKius on Saturday seems to bo exactly v.liat is corning to pass;. It was then said that Parkcs was pro bably waiting to see what constituency Hibbs would run for in order that he might oppose the bumptious Premier and repeat tho lesson of ISSS. In the latter end of that year, it will be re membered, Sir Alexander Stuart, who was Premier, resigned, and the Minis try was reconstructed by "Tom" Slattery, with Dibbs as Premier, him self as Minister of Justice, and a few other gentlemen in the remaining seats. Then Parliament was dissolved, and an appeal wasmade to thecountry. Dibbs was thou member for St. Leonards, Parkcs for Argyle, where lie had defeated tho Boverend John Osborne at a bye election. The metropolitan press was singing different tuues as to the chances of the Ministry, but sang only one tune as to Parkcs. That tune was to the effect that the old statesman need no longer be seriously reckoned with as a factor in politics. His sun had set, his day had gone by. OE course, there were plenty of people who knew that the songs of the metropolitan press had as littlo to do with, and as little influence on, real public opinion as a rusty spur has on a rhinoceros. But any way Parkcs was politically killed and buried by the Svdaev prexs. And Jack M'Elhone", who had generally a shrewd notion of the direction in which public opinion re.-tllv trended, advised Parkcs to contest. St. Leonards with Dibbs. Ho did so, aud gave Dibbs tho biggest political licking that political braggart has ever received. That was at the end of ISSS. Aud since then, Parkcs has been in office in ISS7, ISSS, ISSO, ISOO ami more than half of IS!) I—not a bad record for a political corpse. Is history going to repeat itself in IS9I ? One would think.so. Anyway,Hibbs, according to a newspaper reporter who interviewed him, is desperately anxious to know for what electorate Parkcs is going to .stand. No wonder he should be anxious. There is only ono member of the Ministry safe for re-election. That is .Slattery, the member for Burrowa, or, as he was once called by Parkcs, the member for .luh n Xagle Jiyan. As for the others, Dibbs and Copeland have not the ghost of a show, and the remainder have but slim chances in the districts they now misrepresent. There is one remarkable thing about all this, though, and it is that the Audi's should havn been the first to conjecture what is likely to happen. Xow. the Sydney and other papers are following suit. 