HEN AS CBN CE OP LITHGOW. At Lithgow yesterday it demonstra tion was made of broad and deep national, and. political significance. Mr. Sandford, proprietor of tho Esk- bank works, had invited some 300 (Vlioef.c tn Vfl'f.nAeo flm nrtnni n rt ftf a nam UVUVU VW UtUSVOG kliu WL US lio H branch — the manufacture of galvanised corrugated iron, and that visitation accomplished, to meet in the Masonic Hall, indulge in turkey and cham pagne, and talk over the fortunes of tho past and the prospects of tho future.. How, if any man expected that tho fiscal policy could be kept out of such talk as that he must either have been purblind or so fixed in belief of the goneral self-sacrificing nature of man as to verge himself on imbecility. A morning contempo rary tells us that protection has of lato passed from tho forefront of poli tical life, We do not understand tho purpose of that saving, nor can wo find any excuse for its mendacity. Wo know that tho leador of the Op position has of late been ramp ing and raging up and down tho land, ostensibly to advocate free-trade, but really to rail against protection. And yesterday the Minister for Works (Mr. Lynk), making the first impor tant Ministerial speech for some weeks past, nailed his own, which aro the protectionist and tho Ministerial, colors most determinedly to the mast. Shall wo bo told that noither of these gentlemen is in tho forefront of political life 1 Through all the screaming and spread- eagling (very much akin to the Kiama ghost-raising of old) which has characterised the Opposition and Con servative journals of late, it is pleasant to listen to a responsible Ministor stating a definite issue on which it is proposed to fight, Mr. lyni ">6 Lithgow, was face to face with circum stance which necessarily brought to him inspiration of a wholesome sort. He silw opportunity of development and evidence of strangled effort, and of enterprise struggling against over whelming odds. He could not, as a practical man, fail to understand that when only a handful of men were employed, opportunity existed to occupy tho best energies of tens of thousands. Knowing the history of the valley, and of tho spirited and patriotic efforts which had been made to establish ironworks, he necessarily sought out a cause for failure. Seventeen years ago men who had boon successful in other ways of life, and who never began to buijl till they wero sure of their foundations, started mining and tho work ing up of native ore. They im ported first-class machinery, they obtained tho Bcrviccs of skilled managers, and after expending £150,000 they wore reluctantly com pelled to shut down their mills. There was inonoy enough to go on if there had been tiny reasonable hope of success. Rut as things were then there was i:o hope. The colony seemed dead to its own best interests. Pig iron and manufactured iron came out by every ship, used for ballast and stiffening, the freight charges being merely nominal. Iron which had been mined and manufactured by serf and pauper labor in all' ' European' countries, and which could bo sold at a price; with which Australians could never hope, indeed would never desire; to compete. Of all these facts Mr, Lyne was- thoroughly' seized, and it behoved him, therefore, as a protectionist leader, a member 'of a protectionist Ministry,' and one desirous of ending, and in legitimate fashion, the unnecessary and ridiculous, but still undoubted, distress in the land, to give his policy bold publication. That duty he did not shirk, and he may bB honestly con gratulated on tho manner in which tho proclamation was made. Native ironworks had failed hitherto because they eould not compete with those of Europe. Now the Ministry (and they had the sanction of Parliament for this) were prepared tb pay to local manufacturers the first cost in England of steel rails, all costs and .'charges between England and Australia, and a full 10 per cent, in addition. . .The offer seems free, fair and authoritative. It rests 'with experts to say if .the 10 per cent, will be sufficient. If not, it must be in creased. . We have been paying 10 per cent, on some hundreds of thou sands of pounds for a good many years past in rationing nnd lodging tho multitudes, of mendicants- who .are a legitimate residuum of tho long- continued free-trade policy. At any cost, and against any opposition, in deed, wo must get to tho development of our resources, and no men are so well fitted, to govern «tho country at the"; present juncture as those who are pledged to help lis in that way. Lest there should bo any doubt or fear that the country's money should be squandered Mr. Lyxe went ex tensively into figures, and, refer ring to the . oft-criticisecl and much-.' misunderstood pipe contract, showed how by a little judicious encourage ment this important wonk had been established, and would doubtless bo continued in the colony. Even at present 140 men were employed in the pipe-making who, but for this act or. eU'eet of protection, would be begging their bread in thb streets or wander ing aimlessly about the bush, or if they had been wise and thrifty in tho past, taking their brains, muscle and accumulated substance tq other lands of larger promiso. And further the Minister showed how, by resolutely insisting that in Government con tracts all iron work which could bo manufactured in the colony should not be imported, he had conserved to the ironworkers work to the value of £400,000. As to the ultimalo effect of protec tion in increasing production Mr. Lyme was also explicit and absolutely unanswerable. He showed (as was shown, in a recent article in this journal) how two yea>'s of protection had enormously increased production amongst farmers and fruit-growers. The revenue from duties fluttered up in the ; first year, but then fast as the producers realised their op portunities' they got to work, earning the. money 'which had hitherto gone to workers in other colonies, and supply ing all local wants. Never were the farmers of New South "Wales as a body so prosperous as to-day, and never were tho consumers supplied with the main staples of life ut cheaper rates. And so, we may reasonably expect, will it be 'with iron nnd minerals of all sorts. Our heritage in iron and tin, in silver, copper, antimony, shale, is at least as great as in pastoral and agricultural lands and coal and gold. With duo encouragement not only would tho iron furnaces roar, but silver and copper smiths would be frequent as tinsmiths in our cities, and every tradesman finding employ ment for from two to six laborers work in abundance should be forth coming for every willing hand. To bring about a condition of affairs such as this is the aim and do- sire of every staunch protectionist. And wo nro on tho very ridge of war now, and 'tis desirable to make the issues plain. "Dictatorships" and at tacks on the constitution are mere fads and fallacies, bogies set up to hide really essential matters. What tho people requiro to ponder and what they will by-and-byo have to decide is : Shall we employ and keep our own people, and so regulate matters as to bo able to welcomo all men of true blood and good grit wito desire to join hands with us, or shall wo deliver our selves, bound hand andfoot.totho groat god, Barter, and put buck all prospects of large development, till tho Aus tralian workman is prepared to con- tont himself with a hovel for shelter, black bread and an onion for sus tenance, and to see his eight-year-old children picking ore, and his unsoxed wife toiling like a beast of burden at tho pit's mouth 1 