A BITTER DEBT. I A TALE OP THE BLACK COUNTRY. | Br ANNIE S. SWAN. -j CHAPTER XXXIX. A DIFFERENCE. ? lN :a moment of extrerao and perhaps '- vulgar candour, consequent upon a ? family jar, Mr. Jack Weston had once informed l?anny that she had a hide like a rhinoceros. She now proceeded to ? justify the fitness of this compliment by following Pris down to the dining-room and ' renewing the attack concerning Hardress. A person of finer sensibility would havo observed that it was a sub ject Pris had made up her mind not to discuss ; but Fanny was too intensely interested in it to let it alone. Fortu nately for Pris, Patty was engaged in the dining-room laying tho table for tea, so that Fanny could not broach the subject until they were left alone. The lamp in the middle of the table, with a pretty yellow silk shade, made a bright, though not glariug, light in tho room, Bo that every play of light and shade in the face of Pris was distinctly seen. Sho 'was sitting in Fanny's basket-chair, and did' not offer to rise when Fanny ap proached tho mantel, and, standing close by the fender, leaned, her elbow on the mantel-shelf, and looked down with her most inquiring gaze. .'►so you re noo going to ran uif, Pris 1 That's shabby, I think. Do tell me.if he thought you looked diflerent to what you did 1 ' ' He did not say,' Pris answered briefly, and quite coldly. ' He didn't ! Well, what did he say then, Pris?. Something that's struck you all of a heap, evidently. You look just as if you'd seen a ghost ! ' ? Pris never spoke, and Fanny began to feel slightly nettled. 'Now, look here, Pris. Do yon think it fair to uncle to stand in the lane with Hardress, letting him talk . love to you, as I believe you did ? ' she said coolly. 'I'm very fond of you, but- of course uncle comes first, and I think you ought to give him his due.' ' I have done so,' replied Pris, in a low voice, and with a peculiar smile. ' His due, and a great deal more.' This was as unsatisfactory as ever. Fanny, in one of her meaner moods, had purposely said what she thought would provoke her uncle's wife into a retort of some kind. She was verily consumed with a most unwholesome curiosity to know what had really passed in the lane, especially us she saw that it bad made' an impression of some kind on Pris. ' Will you tell uncle you saw Har dress?' was her next question, asked with 'a certain significance which was quite apparent to Pris. She did not fly into a rage, however, but only lifted her large eyes to the pretty, pert face of .n/l cni'rl nnlnMij ? '''' 1 'I shall be very much obliged to you, Fanny, if you will hold your tongue.' This was too much for Fanny, who was not accustomed to be thus sat upon j and it was the first time Pris had ever attempted it with her. Fanny's for ? bearance towards the £?irl had arisen out of two causes — her Attachment to her, and her conviction that she was so gentle that she, Fanny, would still havo the ball at her own feet ; and this un expected development was more than she could bear. 'No; I wont hold my tongue. I'm not going to have you play fast and loose with Uncle Jabe if I can help it ; and you ought to tie asnamea ; ..of yourself, after all be has done for you,' she said hotly, fanning an imaginary \- grievance until she wrought herself into a fine state of righteous indignation. Pris got up then looking very white and determined. Fanny winced ever so slightly under that steady proud gaze. ' Fanny, I don't think you mean to . be cruel,' she said ; but you must under stand that my duty to my husband is a matter I can't discuss with you. If we -? .? are to 'live . pleasantly under the same . roof, you must please remember that. Though you have been very kind to me, and I love you dearly for it, I am not answerable to you for my conduct ; and I will' not be cross- questioned on it as if I were a baby.' So saying, Pris walked to the window ? and looked over the blind into the dark night, seeing iu the light thrown by the lamp, that snow had again begun to fall. Fanny was completely checkmated. Of. course she was angry and could hare said a great many bitter and biting things ; but, somehow, she did not dare. A new feeling had arisen in her heart regarding Pris, — a feeling of wonder and respect. She was not altogether guileless and simple ; she knew her rignts, and could stand up ior mem. Fanny admired courage, not being devoid of it hetself. She was a curious mixture of meanness and generosity. She kept silence about five minutes, while Pris beat a monotonous tattoo on the dark window-pane, but finally, after a little struggle with herself, she gave ia. ' I beg your pardon, Pris. I spoke very rudely, and I did not mean what I said.' It was enough for Pris. Her eyes filled. She came quickly over to where Fanny stood, and, throwing her arm round her waist, laid her head down on her shoulder. 'I know you didn't. Perhaps I Bpoke sharply, too. I am very miser able, Fanny, though not in the way ? you think.' ' You don't think too much of him, .then 1— of Hardress, I mean ?' 'No, noj it is not that. Perhaps I'll tell you some day Fanny, but not now. I wish I had never been born 1' Fanny was prevented replying to this doleful speech by tho click of the Jus tice's key in the door. Then, to her amazement, Pris broke away from her as if she were pursued — not to meet her hnsband, however, but to run upstairs again to her own room. She reached the lauding before tho Justice got the door opened, and ho called up at once. ' I say, Fanny, has my wife corno back ?' ' Yes, uncle, a good bit ago,' said Fanny, appearing at the drawing-room room. ' Whero is sho ?' ' Upstairs.' ' Ob, all right. What a night it's going to be again 1 Just fetch me my slippers, like a good girl, and I'll leave my boots here.' Fanny did so, aud stood by him as he unbuttoned his shoes. ' Why didn't she wait? Do you know 1' he inquired. ' No ; I really don't. 1 guess sho found it rather slow, that's all,' said Fanny. ' Did you walk back from Darebridgo ?' ' Mr. Donno gave mo a lift. I'll just go up and wash my hamls.' Ho bounded upstairs two stops at a time, as nimbly as a schoolboy, his heart beating with increased rapidity at the prospect of seeing his wife. She was standing by tho fire with her back to him, and did not look round even at his entrance. ' Hulloa, Prissy 1 So you thought you'd send me a wild goose chase ? Was it the snow you were afraid of ? Hulloa, my girl, what's up?' He saw when he laid his hands on her shoulders that she shrank a little from him, and that her face, when he turned it towards him, had lost its blithe look. Pris had quite made up her mind not to say anything about it, but to try to live her daily life as if nothing had happened. But now, face to face with her husband, she knew that to be im possible. ' I was not afraid of the snow j but I don't care any more about my father's house now,' she said, moving a little away from him. ' They're all so cross and out of sorts, I could not stay any longer,' ' So ; and bow did you come home ? Over the Waste Bank, I suppose, or I should have met you ?' ' Yes, over the Waste Bank,' she replied, and turned her back to him again, gazing into the fire as if her life depended on it. ' Prissy ! aren't you guing to tell me what's happened ?' ' What's the use? It's better not to speak about it.'' ' Did they say anything to vex you at your father's ?' ' No, nothing ; at least nothing par ticular. Ben's very bad. Mr. Donne will come up this evening and tell me what's tho matter. If he is going to be ill, may I bring him here ?' ' You asked me that before, Prissy. Have you forgotten what I said ? Wliat has happened you 1 you look a different creature to what you did whon we were at the Manor this morning.' ' I feel different,' Pris replied, in a. low, even cold, voice, j (To be Continued.) 