A WOMAN'S WIT. Stheassizes held in a Southern t.s was crowded to its utmost while an impatient mass of a unnity outside awaited the * It was a case of phenomenal Two young fellows of good h pnions since childhood, had dles to earn fame and fortune, or vter at least, in their native {pliA er blMusgrave as an artist, gCafson as a doctor. Their ifo ach other was brotherly-yet ora the gulf which separated them. BothJd been fascinated with the f a sunny- haired, bright-eyed, g picture of beauty. Her sv were legion, but her favors ere ty equally bestowed between M e and Oadson. Onmorning people were horrified with ort of a murder. Musgrave had b shot in his studio. A revolver Wad iltd on the table a few inches dead body. The bullet, whiph ter ing through his head had a in the wall opposite, exactly ft e chamber, and was precisely Sthe others which the revolver en Both revolver and cart ndge ere proved to have been bought hb1 son within twenty-four hours of t rder. He was known to have been the house about the time the nrim had been committed. All these he fully admitted. Only one fad denied, but this was the evidence bat efly condemned him. Edna Dysart, the charmer, through eslo°y of whom he was supposed to marommitted the murder, swore to sei im close to the house; indeed, as hid spoken to him, but he strangely e had passed her, refusing to The general evidence against h as so overwhelming that there ube no doubt of the issue. The p had condemned himself by his an missions, yet he emphatically se' his innocence. T eventful day of the trial came. Cisl had labored for and against. The ndge had summed up the points of the se; the jury retired to consider. The reathless hush of suspense was opprsive. The angel of death seemed visible. Presently a door opened. men entered and solemnly took eats. ilty or not guilty ? " U ilty ! " Siercing shriek, awful from its brn of agony, rang through the and Edna's unconscious form-was lern out. F the first time the prisoner quailed. All ough the trial he had behaved with lmost callous coolness. Her voice Anmiinned him. - He buried his face in his hands, groaning aloud and trembling violently. With an effort he regained his manly bearing. ,)Vnen asket it flne naa any reason to state wlv sentence of death should not bq I os him, he drew himself up, and it'srm, clear voice said, " 'I my words arQ an empty sound: l e M"y they will have great power, ugh th,' will come back from the ccOr depths of the tomb. I am inaoc No man will bciMeve me, 1 speakfo4 the future, because I believe an A.enging Justice, with unerring atid irresistible aim, will bring truth to'light. Then:Iwish you to remember my words. Then. Herbert Oadson, who now stands with the shameful curse of a murderer on his head, will have the halo of a mnrtyr." The sentence of death was passed, the J ide's voice being scarcely audible ·aidat women's sobs. One person alone eynmed unaffe-ted. With the quiet d'?ieanor of a hero, Herbert folded his si to receive his doom without a q:irer. To the last momentons words, "°ay the Lord have mercy on your ' !" he responded with a firm but terrent "Amen." Mr Darter, Herbert's solicitor, was f .urbed in his office by a young lady be?t he at first failed to recognise as Das; What a marvellous change! Dir haggars face, large eyes looking hger from the" Isunken sockets, the f?cedetermined expres.ion of her face, ude the old lawyer betray ?ii surprise inspite of himself. Was this i2 ary, smiling creature of a fe- days ago ? AS had aged years. He invited her to sa eat, then inquired the object of her " To free Herbert Caason. He is innocent, and I have discovered the Sdprit." The lawyer looked at her, but id not speak. "Perhaps you think me med. Well, I have not been far from it. While you men have pitied him and wondered, I, a weak woman, have Sworked." "Have you any evidence of your Itfinmant P" "Ample. The murderer has a foot tw fches longer than Herbert's. He wore a pair of old goloshes with a cut moss the lejt sole. Herbert never pos iesoed such thigs. On that night he wore a light suit; the other fellow wore a dark tweed suit.with. a red thread, rather a peculiar kind of material, lighter in weight, and much cheaper," "How in the name of all that is rationail did you learn this?" SThereby hangs my tale. I believed Herbeft to be innocent. Common sense todh me ?i11e always leaves a trace for those who w~e to see. No one ever, Eought. They we atisfied with super ficial appearances. ,a ing the lan l rd 1 obtained permission 9o see the house. I searched for hours w?'hoWt success. I was yielding to despair anc wandered back into the garden. Sud &aly; Fido capered about me with some thing in his mouth; It was a handker chief I took it. A glance made my hart stop-blood stains. I examined the handkerchief as a forlorn digger would gold dust. It was a woman s. It was marked 'P. H., Number four.' I re:ogaised it, ani knew the owner. I smelt it. What a peculiar scent. I r ed my search with vigor. It was eZVdent the criminal hai escaped by the back qate. Reviving hope fired me. Inch b nch I scrutinised doors, walls n^d -thing and everything, large wndofws. FaJ three days I hunted unceasingly. n ye toi*tal discoverine were some threadsof cloth torn off while squeezing through a small window, blood staine p the sash arising from a cut with a rusty 'll in the wood, footprints on the grouia beneath the window. The ground Was soft enough to receive an imopression. Very close examination revealed a peculiar imprint with a cut across. An inspiration dawned upon me -golohesi From these links how hould I form a chain? First, th handkerohieL I went to Lsycock's, the ermis ji ransacled his shop, but onld not DBd ime's! scnt like it:i Ishot ?u arrow at a-venture and said-- . "'You sold some to Mif 'Harvey, I think ?' "' Oh, yes ; I know now, I got that especially for her. I am, sorry I have none left.' "I reeled out of the shop. I was on the track. ' P. H.' were Priscilla Har vey's initials; this was her handker chief. I went straight to her house. During my stay I feigned losing my handkerchief. She lent me the exact counterpart of the one I had found save that it was marked 'Number seven.' I twitted her that she was in the habit of lending her handkerchiefs to gentlemen. She laughed and blushed. I bantered her into confession. She had never lent but one. She told me to whom. I involuntarily jumped from my chair, but had enough self control to recover myself, pretending I had assumed astonishment. "Now I had fairly run down my game. How should I get into his house ? Providence aided me. You are an old man, and have known me from infancy, so I can speak freely to you. At one time he paid me such attention that I had to ignore him. I knew his landlady well, a garrulous old dame. I fear that I am naturally wicked, for my plan was formed immediately. Entice him with softest words and all your resources of fascination. From him and the old woman you will learn and obtain all. "I succeeded beyond my wildest hope. I need not weary you with the details. By dint of coaxing and pre sents I induced the old `dame to let me do as I pleased. I talked to her of Herbert till her head was turned. Then I made her my confidante. I wanted to make her lodger a pair of slippers with ont his knowledge. She offered me a pair to measure. No. I knew he had a pair of goloshes somewhere. Could I steal them for a day or two ? Buried in a corner of the wardrobe I fouid a pair. I turned them up. There was a cut across the sole of the left foot. I trem bled so violently I nearly let them drop. I took them to Musgrave's house; they fitted the prints exactly. I have had the scrapings of the sole of the footprint analysed by the chemist, who says they are identical. "I have traced the suit of clothes, and can prove the purchaser and date of purchase. But one thing remains un done. I swore I saw Herbert three minutes after the murder close to the back of the house. As Herbert is dark and the culprit is light he must have disguised himself, which proves design. A local hairdresser says he lent the same man some wigs, whiskers, and so on, for private theatricals. Certainly no private theatricals have taken place, while he had them before and returned after the date of the murder, so they were in his possession then. Concerning the deed itself, you know Herbert swore he left the revolver with Musgrave an `or before." " You astound me, a girl like you, with such astuteness 1 It passes my comprehension." SDon't you think I have good grounds for his arrest 9" . " Certainly. Who is he ?" "Mr 8atley, the curate." Mr Carter .fairly leaped from his chair with on irreverent expression of surprise. It took him some little time to subside into his usual calm. Then he sent for the inspector of police; putting all details into his possession. Two hours after the officer returned to Mr Carter's sanctum with a somewhat gloomy Iace. "It is all over, Mr Carter." "< What, has he confessed 2" " Yes, in words and action. I was going up to Mr Satley's house when I saw him coming. He was in a great hurry, carrying a portmanteau. This, with his face, made me think he knew we were after him. Miss Edna was very smart, but she should ha'e consulted us before she took those goloshes. Women are so impulsive. Well, I followed him. As I expected, he went to the railway station. I touched him and advised him not to buy a ticket, as he would waste his money. He turned paler than Ham let's ghost. "' God help me. I was mad ! It was all for her,' he saii? in a quivering voice. Pbleasdo nct handouff me,' he unlored. r' 'Very well, Mr Satley,' I replied. "Just then the shriek of an express whistle made me start. He dropped his bag and dashed across the platform, I after him. He won the race. I lost a prisoner. He jumped clean on to the buffers, which hurled him off like a football, over and over. His body is lying at the mortuary now." Every cloud has a silver lining. The sunshine of this narrative is seen in two faces which reflect the joy of love united, so nearly destroyed by shame and death. 