DIVORCE BY PURCHASE. SINCE the announcement, of the l)e Goey ri; . i,n» case, and the publication of the receipt^.; t,i|| showing that plaintiff had sold his wife • ; tin. co- respondent for .£1500 in cash, we hav, , across two similar cases, though for much tn.ail(.r amounts—one in Queensland, the other in .--..utb Island, N.Z. The Queensland man realise! «.: for bis wife,and tbo Maorilander sold out im .i:i»i and an allotment of land. These facts are I:;,) „,- great promise for the future. The following is part of Scone ), Act L\ Kan a drama written for publication in the year iiir.ii. •when, we presume, divorce by purchase .will ha.-,, greatly extended its popularity :— Scene.—A garden^ liutb, the fair youti j wif,. of the bold, bad man, is discovered enjoying an animated discussion with Randolph Mildertinlover of her youth, and the virtuous, fair- baii,.} hero of the piece. The couple are dis-ai-,,-,] behind a gooseberry bush. Enter John HaiJau, the bold bad man, observed only by u„. audience, which doesn't give him away. U ':., in j morning he is dressed in evening dress—i.ad ii beeu evening he would probably have ici-n dressed in mourning, but no matter—he iia.- a coloured handkerchief thrust negligently tlw • bosom of his vest, and is smoking a cigar witli that painful deliberation peculiar to geutleiumlv stage villains. Hahdart (taking the audience into his ran ri,{, „r,-. —At last my time has come! ('/'« Ji\•-.>', foildeye, with mi clahoratc sneer).—I hope yon are quite enjoying my wife's company, Mister MilJ, vi.. IturH.—My, how you startled me! Dolph anJ 1 were just discussing Professor Smith's new pati r.j process forjmaterialising spirits—ghosts you know. Dolph isonly an amateur materialise^ but he he can materialise a spirit well enough to do tur a kitchen-maid. I am going to get him to ui... one you know. Our old kitchen maid, the urn.' w had materialised last May, has nearly evapotau-il." Hakoart (cximining his cigar with great uji/.-m-i,/ coiiccni, deliberately).—Yes, I have noticed thai when a young couple are very fond of each utiar. and are left alone for a while, they usually s,. k e secluded nook like this to discuss psychology m Greek architecture. _KANDOLPH (starling io his feet, and assumi„j ii, imposing attitude o/ a lighteous y indignnul -••(-'•; hero).—Sir! explain yourself. By Heaven. iu„:,, you shall not leave till you have explained y.,nr words. Hahdart (going through further business u-iti, !/- cijar.)— 1 Oh, 1 do not mean auything in parti,-ulai. my dear fellow, only next to her sorrows I isinl a woman rejoices most in the couipiny ul tiit lover of her girlhood. (Suddenly USSUIMWJ ,i L-N.I of great ferocity.) What kind ot an ass d,, j.u take me for, Mildeyei' lJo you think f ,i a moment that I do not understaud what is bei IVI-MI you and my wife? We must settle this aiunhere and at once. I insist upon a divonv i,y purchase. RANDOLPH (mussing up his hair, and ;"-'/.••,-;.' heroic effort to turn deadly pate).—What price: HAKDAUT.—Seven thousand pounds. KANDOLPH.—Hut we are innocent i IIARDART.—Very well, 1 shall sue you for tliamount, and you can dispute the claim in a ••••urt of law if you like. Or you cau proceed f,..r a m -l; valuation. KANHOLPB.—You would not do that! Cun.-iier Euth's feelings! Did you say it was to be a transaction ? HARDAKT.—Money down. liUTH (chipping in).—Coward! would you nun him? Why not accept a deposit and w^-Uv payments ? RANDOLPH.—You couldn't take half down atil the rest in bills at three, six and nine uiont I suppose ? Hardart.—Sorry, dear boy, but I am doling a strictly cash business. Both.—Would you ruin him, heartless villain • You know 1 am not worth all that money. 1 would be dear at .£2500. Hardart.—My dear Euth, you undervalue your pretty self, indeed you do. Eeally I am leuinc you go at fifty per cent, below cost, and ihro.'-'injr in the recent repairs, those new teeth and that beautiful wig. RANDOLPH.—Liar and blackguard ! here is your money. (Talxs a roll of sugar bags from his ^ •• n.-ipocket and pilches them on the stage.) And ;i0\r, Euth, you are my very own ! (They cmlrac' retire still embracing.) Haudabt (picking up ro'l of sugar tajs).—s-vra thousand pounds; quite a docent price for Kntli. That is the fifth wife I have disposed of in !.mr years. Eeally, there is money in the busin^-. 1 must set about marrying again. (llclights and saunters off.) 