CI1TJR CH SEE VICES . -ABERDEEN-STREET BAPTIST ; .. : CHURCH. -The 42ud anniversary serviees-of-tbe ibove church were conducted yesterday ay'the Kev. J.'Soltau to large" congregtt ions. The interior of the building wasf nicely decorated, aud - presented quite a pretty appearance,.aud during ..the. set-, vices special anthems were contributed by the choir; Mr A. Vines presiding at the organ.., The sermon in the forenoon was based on the text " Or know ye not that your body is a temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you which ye have from God! and ye are not your own ; for ye were bought - with a price : glorify God, therefore, in your body," and was of-an interesting character,: and listened:, to attentively throughout. The pulpit ■ was occupied again in the evening by! the Kev. Mr Soltan, who at the outset of the service stated that he did not intend to preach an anniversary sermon, hut to vary the proceedings for once, and to see if he could not point some poor sinners to the , cross, and be the means 'of winning over many souls for Christ. There were plenty in Geeloug who. wanted salvation, .anait was the duty of every Christian to he ever on the alert to secure souls for their Master. He was sure that there were .sinners present, and, they , would have to meet their God some time; and the sooner they mado up their minds to serve him the better. It was a stupendous work getting sinners to Christ. ■ He would not deceive them in the kind of service to be held, and if they , ware not jirepared to stay they could leave at once. The preacher then read the 14th chapter of the second book of Samuel, explaining the verses as he proceeded, especially pointing out how Absalom was burning with rage and waiting for an opportunity of putting an end to his eldest; brother, who had boon guilty, of crime. He ac complished his end at a time when all his brothers were present, and thus became guilty of one of the most foul of murders, and for which he had to quit the country and seek a residence in fresh lands for a term of ^three years, and although his father David was a very affectionate man and dearly loved Ins sons, he could not allow him to return as that was against the laws, and it would not do to make one law for his family and auother for the people. There must not he one law for the great and one for the insignificent, al though the speaker thought that iu a great many instances, at the present time that was one law for the rich aud another for the poor. It often ' happened that when a popular man got into difficulties, it was so arranged that he sho\ild slip out of it and get to another land, or else he was dismissed. The preacher then referred to the action of the woman of Tekoali, in trying to secure the return of Absalom, and from that proceeded to say that the life we had lived was as spilt water, and could never he got together again. He then concluded by explaining the way to obtain Salvation, and urging those present who. were not Christians to stay to an after-meeting and so make it right with God; The anniversary will he further cele brated this eveniug at 6.30 o'clock, when a tea meeting will be held in the school room, followed by a public meeting in the church, at which various clergymen will give addresses. 