COOTAMUNDRA ANNUAL RACES. Charming weather was associated with the Bocoml and concluding day (Thursday) of the abovo fixtuce. The attendance was again a very large one, a noticeable feature being I tlio great number o£ ladies patronising the grand stand. As on the preceding day i everything in connection with the racing wont smoolhly, no protest or other untoward event occurring to mar tho days pleasure. As soon as betting operations began on tho Hurdle Raco tho punters fell over ono an other in their eagerness to take odds of G to 4 about Lord Plausible, and so consistently and genuinely was tho ex-Victorian sup ported that at flag fall no better price than " brass to brass " was procurable. On the strength of his Murrumburrali running, Iro quis found any amount of friends who I freely took 3 to 1 about his chance, but ncithor of the other threo starters were backed with any spirit. At a slow pace, Pro Consul showed tho way over the first few hurdles, going well and jumping beautifully. When, however, tho last round had beon entered upon, and the pace mended, Yeoman's chestnut thief began to lose his position, and Iroquois taking chargc of affairs, led to the last hurdle, where the favoritogot on terms with him, and after tho semblance of a struggle tho little brother to Abuso won handily by^ a couple of lengths from Iroquois, with Snip a bad third, Pro Consul a worse fourth, and Question last. Lord Plausible is a neat small brown son of Slanderer, and Jointress, and has a victory or two to his crcdit, but I don't think ho is any " gro-it shakes over hurdles. Tho winner was very nicely handled by J. Dwyer. At tho close of the betting operations over the Auction Stakes, Haste to tho Wedding and Geraldine, were equal favorites at 2 to 1 each, and both the other starters were more or less supported. Taking advantage of a flying start, Hotspur at once shot to the front, and made the pace very fast for about threo furlongs, when Geraldine ran up to him, and quickly disposing of him, the little daughter of Bargo won easily enough from Hotspur, and Haste to the Wedding, with Little Mab last. Geraldine recorded the particularly smart time of lmin. lfisec. for the six furlong journey, and when brought under the hammer, according to the conditions of the race, she was bought in by her owner. ' After tho lunchcon interval, tho Town Plate demanded attention, and for it five out of tho soven colored on the card were sent out to do battle. Despite her Cup penalty of 71b, which brought her weight up to 9st l'21b, Roscleaf's admirers stuck true to her, and accorded her such hearty support that some of the fielders asked for a shade of odds at the finish. In most quartors, however, even money was obtainable. Moss Rose's big sister looked really beautiful, j her battlo on the previous day appearing to have benefitted her a gond deal. Not for getting the bold front made by Danebury in the Cup, backers gave him a big share of support, and lio left off at 3 to 1/ About either Associate or Ready Money 5 to 1 was freely offered, and at 10 to 1 Rei, who made up the field, was friendless. Very little | description, indeed, does the race requirp. Finding out from his exporionce in tlie^ big j raco on the first day that Ready Money likes tho pace good and sound, Charles Lewis, who piloted Guinea's lanky son, skedaddled to the front before a half furlong had been 1 covered, and never giving anything else a ghost of a chanco he won handsomely by a j couple of lengths from Roseleaf, with Dane bury an indifferent third, Associate fourth, and Rei last. Under her big load Roseleaf ran liko the thoroughly good mare that she undoubtedly is, but Associate once more shaped in duffer like fashion, and Danebury did very little bettor. For tho Paton Bracelet only three runners were announced, odds of 4 to 1 being betted on Menangle; Babette was quoted at 5 to 1 against, and Strike-a-Light at 7 to ^ 1. Strike-a-Light and Menangle made joint running for about seven furlongs, when tho favorite " cried crack," and Strike-a-Light led round tho homo turn, with Babette closc in his wake and coming fast. Once she got on torms with him, Babette quickly "snuffed out" Strike-a-Light, and won in the end by a little better than her own length, with Menangle close up. A most successful meeting was brought to a close by tho Braidwood mare, Mirror, easily getting rid of the big field tlmt opposed her in the Farewell Handicap. Ctearlighfc started a 3 to 1 against favorite, but the winner was backod for a lot of moucy at 4 to 5 to 1. Appended are tho details :— Hurdle Race—2 miles. H. Baxter's br h Lord Plausible, Oyrs, Slanderer—Jointress, XOst 101b (J. O'Dwyer) 1 \Y. Taylor's 'o g Iroquoic, aged, 03t Gib (M. Nash) 2 M. Sawyer, jun.'s blk g Snip, aged, lOsfc lib (T. Forbes) ... 3 Pro-Consul and Question also started. Betting ovon money Lord Plausible. 3 to 1 Iroquois, 5 to 1 Pro-Consul, 10 to 1 Question and Snip. . Lord Plausible cut Iroquois down after crossing tho last jump, and in tho end won nicely by a couple of lengths. Snip a bad third, Pro-Consul fourth and Question last. Time, 4min. 24see. Auction Stakes—0 furlongs. A. Reynold's b m Goraldino, 5yrs, by Bargo, 7st 4lb (D. Pogram) 1 G. M'Leod's b g Hotspur, 5yrs, 7st 41b (Dugdale) 2 Dr. W. H. Lang's 1» g Haste to cho Wed ding, 4yrs, 6st 111b (R. Hoysted) ... 3 Little Mab also startod. Betting : 2 to 1 agst oach Haste to the Wedding and Geraldine, 3 to 4 to 1 othors. Geraldine took command three furlongs from home, and never afterwards being ap proached, won easily in lmin. lGsec. The winner was bought ill for £23. Town Plate.—1 mile 1 furlong. C. H. Croakor'a br c Ready Money, 3 yrs, by Guinea—Morceau, 7st 121b (C. Lewis) '• 1 M. H. Devlin's b m Roseleaf, 5yrB 9st 121b (E. DaviB) 2 H. Baxter's Danebury, 4 yrs, 7st 101b (H. Moran) •••. ••• 3 Other starters : Rei and Associate. Betting: Even money Roseleaf, 3 to 1 Danebury, 5 to 1 Associate or Ready Money, 10 to 1 Rei. Ready Money went to tho front as soon as the flag dropped, and, milking all his own running, ho won handsomely by a omiple of lengths from Rosoleaf, who beat Danebury, by three lengths for second, Associate fourth and Roi last. Time, lmin 39J. Patom Bracelet.—Once round the Course. ! M. H. Derliu's b m Bihette, aged, by Sunriso—Young Bet, lOst (E. Davis) 1 W. Yeomans' br g Striko-a-Light, aged, 6st 7lb (Froar) ... 2 H. E. Davis' blk g Menangle, 5 yrs, 7st 121b (T. Swan) ... ... 3 Betting: 4 to 1 on Menangle, 5 to 1 agst. Babette, 7 to 1 agst. Striko-a-Light; Ba bette cut the other two down in tho straight and won all out by a. length and a half. Time, lmin. 481sec. Farewell Handicap.—7 Furlongs. W. E. Boyd's br m Mirror, 4yrs 7st 121b (H. Moran) ... ... 1 P. H. Androws' b m ltathopi, aged, 6st 121b (D. Pegrum) 2 J. Watson's b h Cobargo, 5 yrs, 8st 21b (Piper) Other starters : Nino Per Cent, Capstan, Danobury, Associate, Hiram, Gobar, Clear light, Capstan, and Oval. Bolting: 3 to 1 agst. Clearlight, 4 to 1 Oval, 5 to 1 Mirror and Danobury, 10 to 1 any othor. Won by four longths in lmin. 30seo. 