.,1 .HI IN. ' ; WIT AND HUMOR. The ReaXi Thing.— Sho s " Do you thinlc ho is a teal nobleman?" Ho: "Ho muafc be: ho ian t; an ideal ono." Yqu ought to be very proud of your wife. a triUl?Dfc talker." "You're right there." Why, I could listen to her all night." " I ofton UO." Like Lightning.—1 "AVhy is it that Iittlo widows generally marry the 'second- timo for money ? Lovo never strikes twice in the same place," Heard at Midnight.— Hour hand : "Hollo ! AA o meet again, it Booms. AVliat are you doing now , Minute hand : " 0,' just passing an idlo hour,- as usual." . "AnP y.out son; has finished his college oourso? Did ho graduate with honors?" "Oil yes ; but ho tells me;thnt. somo of the other fellows oarried thorn off. Bascally, wasn't A; Long. AoquAiNTANOE.— Olarioe : " But surely he didn't propose tho first time ho over saw you?" Marguerite : " O, no ; he said ho had noticed me often in tho park and at tho theatre." 1 ,Bcma to havo the most sublime faith of any man I ever knew." "You're right there. Why, tlio fciiow notuallv lTii I w|lboprovif„rUJ4 collection of instantaneous picture! to bi| I fdotbilt game." "Dear rrie! I thought!?!' 1 a lot of muaiciana having a quarrol." 8 ""1 I AVanted True Best.— Salesman m,. I polish? Certainly. ..AVhat kind do van little girl ?», Juvoniio ustomor (uoiiXLsT1 a moment) : " I've heard mamma sav' AJ,! greaso was tho only thing that would nnt . . shino on a stovo. Got any ?" 8wl I Making Sure oe it. -Host : " 1 hit. i you out. in Buoh a blustering nieht n« tin "I1 fellow." Guest : "It is minfngTeUy fiSft say, couldn't you lend me your uinl.»ii .J J Host: ".Certainly ; and— er— I gness 111 exeiSs" J'U .",y8elf 1 t . AVASTE iNEXCCSAntE. — All Old Lawyer fnnlnl ing out to ono of his- younger brctC barristor in tho.aot of gesticulating and till; 1 to hinraeHj ."Why, the man must bc B "AVliat makos you think so?" "Fain, barrister who talks to himself is liko a lmt" cook devouring his own Btock in trado?" " Not Muoh. on a Change.— Manager "th.( young woman whom I placed at this counters; ago already knows mora about tho business n,„ you do, and I find that I shall havo to put h« at the head of the department, tliouglr Ifoarit will be rather - unpleasant for you to be und» hor orders. " Olcrk: "O, no; I am mttin" used to that. AVo wero married last spriug.'' Significant, —Minoe pies nro considered in disposable by . tho truo horn Yankee who fittingly celebrates Thanksgiving day. There it a restaurant keeper in Boston who haa two notices hanging side by side in his shop, qv first runs thus : "Try our mlnoo pica!" And boside it the. othor bears: tho legend: "I'rcpne to moot thy God I". ; It ban' scarce be said that this 1b juxtaposition - without coherence. Tiie Good Old Customs.— There is a aiorr of a Galway man who went witli hia donkey to market, fish in 0110 panier and stones in He other. An Englishman pointed out to him that the paniers might bo balanced quito welL and tho donkey eased into the bargain, by diviiL ing the fish, "blusha, 'twas me father's way rest his sow!," was his reply ; " an' would I lia sottin' mosolf up to botther his lnrtiin'? m carry tho rooks till I die, glory bo to God !" Oampaioning.— "Como hither," said the Hawaiinu Queon. " AVliat is tile dosiro oi your Majesty?" asked tho attendant. "Tell mo, linvo wo in" the attio an abundance oi torohea?" "Yes, your Majesty." "And kerosono?" "Yea, your Majesty." "And transparencies on which all tho qualities amiabla ill a sovereign are attributed to 1110 in large lotters ?" "Yes, your AInjesty." "Then pro ceed without delay tp got up a demonstration, lam in imminont danger.of beiug tho victim oft oollnpsod monarohy boom." Two Sides to the Question. — "The demoralisation brought about by this game 0! football," said the tall man with the glassei, " is far reaching. AVhy, it is a notorious fact that the students at ono of the big games actu ally bought up tho tickets of admission and speoulated in thorn." " AVell, what iftlioydid?" answered the fat man witli tho big diamond, " AVhy shouldn't the boys be gottin1 a busioesa education at the same time thoy aro monkeying with all that Grook and Frenoli and pkuraer playing and suoh rot ? Tell mo that now." Ingersoll's Reply. — A fow yenis after the warlngorsoll was riding in England in tlio usual compartment car and drifted into a dispute on American inattors with n pop eyed, dogmatic, bull headed, irascible old follow, whoso sym pathies-were hotly with tlio South. Several otiier Englishmen vvoro present heartily enjoying tho occasional quiet tosses their friend received from tho, unknown Yankee,- until nt last the old one, in a oonvulsion of fury, screamed into Ingeisoll's very teeth that bare legged old ghost of a.conundrum, " AVould yo lotcher daughter marry a nigger?" "No," answered Bob, quietly, " nor an Englishman." Light AVanted. —Tho Frofessor of tho Chair of Folitioal Economy had talked to tho class an hour and a half. " I Irnvo tried to inako this wholo question of tho tariff perfectly plain to you," he said, wiping tiro perspiration from lu glowing face, " and I trust I havo succeeded, a till, if thoro should be aomo among you who dosiro furthor light on this matter I am ready to answer. any quostions you may ask." "I think I understand the most of your lecture, professor," spoke up a deeply interested youag man on the front seat, " but I'd liko to know whothor this Ad A'alorem you've been talking about is a man or a woman." AVhat Home Rule Means,— Ilero is an ex ample of a Phoenix Park orator discoursing os tlio beauty of hia faith : — "Sure, Homo Rule u an iligant thing intoiroly, an' a blind man conld seo the goodness iv it wid iris two eyes. Bidat yo know Tim Harrington when ho liadn t tho prioo iv his hronkfaat? Didn't yo know him when lis would dlirop down on his two marrow bones and'thank God for the prioo iv n smell oj onlnmity wathor (whisky) ? An' now look at him ! D'yo moind tlio iligant property ho haa outside Dublin? An' ye'll all got tlio like 0 that, ivory hostliodn among yez, when ye got Home Rule. Sind j/i« to Parliament, till II g" within whisporin' diatanoo of Misthor Gladstone — within wliisperin' distance, d'yo moind now. Yo'll all get iashins 0' dhrink, an' free quattlicrs nt the Oastle." A Shout Blunder.— A poor overworked district oounoil olerk in South Australia rotariiea homo one day aftor a weary look round toe distriot and thought ho would havo a dnokoi oocoa. But, olas ! no 0110 was handy to mase it, as ho was not blessed with a wife, and tni housokoopor was out. Ho cspiod what- ao thought was tho 0000a, m.ixod it up, and tbaiw it off in tho manner a boor drinker ruts away a "long aloover," NextdoYheogainliadatUirs', and asked the lady of tlio house for 0 drink 0 0000a, and rooelved a reply that J)"0'1, ns cocoa was in tlio house. bunkum," replied tho clerk. '""J E,. yesterday," and at tho same time bIiowou wn cr he got it, producing a tin. " Oli, replied tit lady, " that's linsoed meal !" and you may SUCJ? Mb surprise when lie found out bis mistake- la said that his skin is now as sleek 01 that 0 well fed liorso aftor a doso of aromatic cot spioc. 