BUSH MISSION. WRITING from the Bethesda Moravian Mission Station, on the Cooper, Mr. John Beukers says:—" The first place on this route where I was able to hold a meeting was at an eating-house near Lake Tidnawodojninua. I had a real good gathering there. From thence I had twenty-five miles to go to Lake Killalpaninna on the Cooper, where the Lutheran mission station is located. Emerging from out the wooded flood country, the lake and station with its many buildings and conspicuous church and steeple, looking just like a German hamlet, came into view. I was very cordially received by the brethren who labor there and made perfectly welcome. After putting my horses out to feed on the beautiful green grass I walked back to the residence of the missionaries. The sun had gone down, the moon shone brightly upon the calm waters of the lake, and not a breath of air stirred. Suddenly the low murmur of voices burst upon my ear, and turning to the spot from whence the sounds came I beheld the blacks at their evening devotions. I uncovered my head and drew stealthily near. There in the centre stood a middle-aged man, in a small circle around him the children, and in an outer circle from twenty to thirty adults, male and female, all in the attitude of prayer. I stood still and listened, but the only word that I could understand was the name at which every knee shall bow—Jesus. Never has that name had such a beautiful sound in my ears as when I heard it uttered in prayer from the lips of those natives that evening. Prayer over they rose and sang, the sound rising and falling upon the calm midnight air, the shrill loud voices of the children blending with the rich clear voices of the women in the richest harmony. I heard those natives sing the melodies so familiar to me in my childhood. Mingled emotions welled up in my breast, and as I walked away I lifted my eyes heavenward and murmured Gloria in excelsis Deo. Every evening both at Kopperamanna and Killalpaninna the Christian natives gather together and hold evening prayer. There are seven or eight of the natives who alternately lead the devotions, and besides prayer and singing usually give an exhortation to their brethren. These are some of the signs, real, tangible, visible, which clearly show the fruits of the labors of the brethren here. Since 1879 eighty-three have been baptised, of whom the majority remain steadfast in the faith unto this day. This number may seem small considering the length of time during which the mission has been at work : but it must not be forgotten that in the evangelization of the natives formidable difficulties are encountered. First among these are the wandering habits of the blacks. They rarely stay long at any place, and often when the brethren here taught and instructed numbers of them, just when they were progressing favorably and light seemed to dawn upon them, they would go hunting again and forget all that had been previously learned. Next in importance comes the demoralizing influence of the whites. A native leaves the mission station to go amongst cattle camps, and immediately his religion is mocked at, he is laughed at, and given to understand that what has been taught him is only some superstition which no one believes. He hears the name that he has been taught to hold in reverence taken in most blasphemous oaths, and never meets anyone who sympathises with him as far as religion is concerned. Is it a wonder that he falls back, becomes suspicious, and is only with difficulty persuaded to come again to those who will do him good. The missionaries here have a difficult task, and persevering as they do in the work, they deserve the prayers, sympathy, and practical help of all Christians. They are at present busy in translating the Scriptures into the Dieri dialect, spoken by the natives on the Cooper and understood by all who inhabit the country from Hergott Springs northward to the Border, and from Lake Eyre eastward. Services are held regularly and are well attended, both by Christian and outside natives. None are baptized unless their lives show satisfactory evidence that their hearts have been renewed by the Holy Ghost. Some of the older converts are cute reasoners and possess already a good knowledge of Bible history. One of them on learning that I was sent to out as a missionary to the white people said, "That's very good, they want it badly enough.' Nearly all the Christian natives are employed on the station. Those who are married have dwellings to themselves, and rarely if ever leave the place. It is a charming sight to pass up and down the village, see the women at the doors of their huts sewing or doing other work ; the youngsters romping about, and the men passing to and fro, all neatly clad and their garments as cleanly as those of their white brethren. In the school the children are instructed in writing, reading, arithmetic, singing, and above all are taught the way of salvation and the Scriptures which contain it. Another missionary will soon be added to the staff, and then the brethren intend to travel about the country and preach to the blacks at their camps and the stations where they may be. This mode of work will bring a larger number under their influence. I spent four days at Bethesda, including a Sunday ; conversed with those natives who spoke English ; and the conviction tbat the Gospel of Christ is the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believeth, has been deepened in my soul. The difference between the Christian natives and their heathen brethren is as great as that between day and night. 