INIBODUCTOET. THE resurrection of Christ is the most important event in all history. It expresses in itself the whole gospel of Godrio man The first preachers of the gospel preached it as the resurrection. Study the reported sermons of Peter and 1 aul, and vee how this gieat fact was the means by which they attracted public attention, ani was the principal part of what thty had to say. In Christ's reiurrection testimony was given lo all things vital in His life and mission—the sinlessnessof His character, the Divine truth oi Hi* teaching, and the sufficiency of His atonement. And while it is the demonstration of all that went before, it is the pledge and promise of all that is yet to come. It opens the gate of the future life; it brings life and immortality to light; it is a pattern and assurance of our own resurrection (see I. Cor. xv. 12\. „ , , The different accounts in the four Gospels should be carefully read and compared together. NOTES AVD SUGGESTIONS. 1\. Mary . . , Him. Women last at the cross, first at the tomb. •2. Very early . . the sun. Promptitude of service adds vastly to its value, and has always, as here, a great reward; for the men miS3 the sight and the greeting of the aogels, and have to learn second-hand from the women what these learned first-hand from their celestial friends. 3\. Who shall roll . . . sepulchre ? The hu^e circular stone was too heavy for their unaided strength to roll back. Do not before setting out on the path of disciplpship, or homy, or love, or duty, wait till difficulties cease to appear. The worst ills are those that never happen. 4\. And when they . . . great. Tlie disappointment of those opposing Christ. There is nothing in this world weaker than evil. However abundant its resources may seem, it is doomed to disappointment. The desire of the good to get nearer to Christ "is fulfilled beyond all their hopes. .). A young man. An angel sitting beside the place where Christ had lain. As if that tomb were a bit of heaven, and angels that morning delighted in it as one of its holiest and happiest spots. Men have connected the idea of ghosts with t^mhs. but angels first appear in connection with the tomb at Calvary. , . 6\. The place . . . laid Him. The empty tomb proclaims that life reignetb. It shows that love rules. It restores hope to man. What Christ wins for Himself He wins for all. It tells of redemption being perfected. Self-sacrifice is the secret of goodness, success, joy. No love is ever lost, nor any pa orifice ever fruitless. Nothing can by any means harm the good. 7\. And Peter. The first thought in the heait of the risen Saviour was one of considerate love to a poor backslider. He speaks as if be h»d lain in the grave thinking of him. What a balm of Gilead this brief message would be to the brokenhearted disciple! Learn the Saviour's compassion to repentant sinners, LIGHT ON THE GOLDEN TEXT. A dead Christ availeth us nothing. A dead Cromwell cannot fight for a nation's liberty, a dead Hi ton cannot sing, a dead Handel cannot compose, a dead Lincoln 1 cannot strike to the ground the fetters of the poor slave, a dead Christ cannot save the world. The resurrection of Christ is the crowningevidenceof the Deity of Christ, the efficacy of His atoning sacrifice, the unbrokenness of His love and brotherhood, and it unfolds His purpose concerning His redeemed. What is this essential fact of the gospel to us 1 We may have a faint idea, of what it would be to lose the dearest friend we have, or of the difference it would make to us if we were suddenly to lose our all; but what would be our position if Christ had never risen? If I am not in Christ, Easter is a gate through which I have not passed, a song I have never learned to sing, the call of a Master 1 do not follow, a feast sacrel to a company in which my name is not enrolled. Take up the cross, die to sin, morning will break, and it will be Easter Day indeed. 