j edina's secret. m chapter i. li I, cn yon look me In ths face and Bay |1 yon do notlove me ? ' SI in ft shady corner r,f a pietumque village fa til North of England stood the «choo), M' Sth th« tchoolhoaifl adjoining it. At the 0 tb« latter <vhb a ea:iy-<»pt gufien, sloped towards a plantation through whioh a babbling, sparkling brook that made music ior lovers' eui the nmmer rtjujgh. The garden wai separated from the plantation by a hedge in whioh ferns Hd moists grew, and ths nnclipptd ivy trilled. It was hers, on a balmy evening, Wti!e the setting sun was flooding the sky ffjth crimson and gold, that two interesting TOing people had met. These were Pqsire Hawthorne, and the pratty schoolmistress — Jjldius r»"». Jijina Vane had had charge of the school for six months, during which she had dons wondtrs. No prevloas lohoolmistreis had corns p to ths reo tor's idea1 — and bis model I gcbool was his hobby Bdina Vane, how- ; srer, bid fallen in with bis visws, had nnderstood his motives, had desired to carry \ 0Dt his plans, and, as the result, the Rev. II Qiorgt Dinwooiie had said that is Mia | Vane be posieissd the finest schoolmistress j. , In Bnglaad. ;| Bat Edisa had done more than please the I rector. Without seeking it — for sh was 1 mod(Bt and retiring— she had achieved ptpu- larlty, and had not made a single enemy, : Thl children adored her. Ttnir parents blerssd hsr for the improvement she had wfnnsht in hsr offspring. Even those who occupiad a higher sphere in the social scale Io>ked with a favorable eye upon the school- mlitren, and agrsed among themselves that gbs was a dtBerring young psrion. She might not havs been pronounced a b«utr, perhaps, though it would have beta difficult to have foucd fault with any ont of htr fiaturpa. She had a sweet, fair fare. b»eel ercB. fringed with long silky lsshes,' attd lnitrous aubnrn hair, which, though plainly dressed, nobly ist off her gracefnt hesd. was not ttrikingly tall, and had a slim fijure, but, added to the charm of her maunsr, there was a quiet dignity which rendered Edina Vane very womanly, and commanded tho respect of tVse with whom she came in contact. She had just sseu her twenty-second birthday. The iqutre was but a few mouths older then the schoolmistress, and was bb masly a young fellow, both as regarded his appear, ancs and character, as Bht was womanly. He war undeniably gooi-lookiag, clear and freih of CvmplixioD, bright of eye, and with orlsp, curly brown air that clustered about a brow that was, perhaps, a little too Byrovic for a country squire. After ha had come into the estate, Philip Hawthorn had gone abroad, and had been so fascinated with the scenes in the many wonderful lands he had visited, that the new school mistress had been in office Borne five months when he returned. He had not troubled himself so far abont matri mony, though he enpposed that he should mtrry some day; bnt the first time he saw Edina Vane he experienced a new sensation —one he could not very well have d-fiied — and said to himself, ' That is the woman for me, and I'll marry her, if she'll let me." Philip sounded his friend, the rector, about her. The Rev George Dinwoodie, who. though older than the squire, was comparatively a young man, smiled, and glancing at Philip, tried to read his face. "Miss Vane is a treasure, Philip," he said. " I consider myself and the parish most fortunate in hav'ng secured and retained suoh an admirable schoolmistress I hope that we are not likely to lose her," and Mr Dinwoodie looked at the squire again. "Lose her? No, why should yon. Miss Vane seema settled enough, and very con tent, I should Bay. Of ecu "Be she might marry." 'Yes, she might marry. Then Bhe would probably cease to be our p --polar schoolmistress." 'Naturally ao. You knew all abont Miss Vane, Dinwoodie, I suppose, when you engaged her ? " The rector nodded. ' I knew something of her family, and of her own hietory," he replied. " I was quite satisfied, or you may be sure that Miss Vane would not have obtained the post." "Just bo. By the way, has Miss Vane had trouble of any kind in her life ? 1 have noticed her face once or twice when it lias been in repose, wben she has been cnconscic-ns of anyone's eyes resting up>n her, and T have fancied that it has worn a troubled look. I may have been wrong, hut thst was the impression it gave ma." " Yes," replied the rector, after a brief pause, " Miss Vane has had trcuMe, younc 88 she fs ; but it is trouble whioh she has teen mercifully enabled to consigo to oblivion. It is a trouble buried, Philip If yon aie the man I take you to be, you will n=ver try to unearth it I resp"ct E Una Vane, and you may do the saim- " Philip Hawthorne pat no more que; tiops, 8Bd on Ms way home said to himself " Dinwoodie couldn't have said more in her £avor if he had spoken volumes. will -see her again." Me did see her again, and after that cCr>tiived to meet Edina frequently during her evening strolls by the brook side in the plantation, or through the fields. And the more he saw of her, the greater wa? his longing to make her bis wife. He war hot quite sure that she r< turned his low , but he fancied that she did, and at length he resolved to put it to the test and learn Mb fate. . A&6J\4inner, on thisbalmyevenmg,he had Jeft th»cb&s;?,and had walked iu the direct! <£ of the scbfeCi.buU" by a fisld P»th on which h.ad otfi £wic8 mtt Not 6fi» tfcontsrisg her, he Jhsd entered the plants- tion and sauntered by ilia brook, jfidinft was wot thsre, however. Reaching the point wjiich the Bchoolhoeaa garden overlooked, Jha fad seen ber standing by tho hedge, ho $Ksd upon the crimson flky, h«"r f&ct; jeamiug to hi® serenely beautiful. He ar- proachod her, Eiina came down front toe ,cloidl, and jsa&ingly; held out her hand aver the helge. .... , f Pbilip teok pcswaito of it, and d e tains - tt'naMl ho had told her of the old sweet atatrOf atX henest man'a love. There iw«s . mothin flighty orstegy about hiB dec.wa- tion. He «bye«d himeelf in quiet, though glowing terms, placed himulf sni his wealth at her feet, ..... Edina shook her head, and, With her eyej bent upon an ivy tendril her fingers had touched, replied— "Yo have done me a great honor, M. Hawthsnm, and I thank job from my heaif, jlut it c»BHCt be, _ The women jou marry WM amomintary look of ansn. her eyes &tf.; and to read he ".Yzr, afcoe spepfc$Pf kfi JOS arty or jou.wcnld gut be " thn jro-t do now. You u I km/? about you, aad the este m la wMoh Mr Dte- wcodie holds yon. Say 'Yes, will nevtr regrst it, and yon wl)l make me tie happiest man alive." , Ske did n«t speak, and unconsciously beg>n to toy with a silver locket that was lUBoendsd from her neck. Philip eyed the locket eagerly, as « .- Sim. " You have a lover already t If thZt it f:' he aaked in tremulous tones. 4dinarah«ey..toWUti tjLssss: se" And she opened it for n. your own j;" Good gracious I it 0TI. a watt sslf, but for the daifc brows. Your sistsr ?" s w muob " Yes, my sister Janet, Thong.- alike in form and features, we pit meikcd contrast. Janet m as dark as x light I wear her protraA, and she wear, mine. We were imeparable when we wexe at borne, in the old happy days that will many bsppy daj. in store_ for wlU only entimt jour fstsre to my om«. flay 1 Y»,'Bdla— io, darling. Then, as she lapred into a silenca again, and kept her eyeB down, he said — "Oan yon lookiae in the face and say that you do no. love me ?" And after a panic there came the whia- pcr<d answer, " No." '' Then you must ba mine. You shall bt miss." " S'ay. Yom h.v heard somalh-'ng of me from Mr Dinwoodie. ffre you heard from him all my story f" " 1 think not What does it matter 1 Mr Dinwoodie said that you had hid trouble, but that It was trouble buried. Est It rest. E rics. whatever it was, I cars nothing foi roar past. It is you, as I have kcown yot- aid learnt to love, that I want." " Yon arc too generous and confiding. G to Mr Dinwoodie and learn ail my story. Thee— perhaps — " "You will be mine ?" ha said raptaronsly. " Wait until yon have heard allt" " I fear nothing now. Y in love me. I uuw it, ituu, seizing ner nana, na aiBsee it passionately ; then ha left her to hrar her story, as she had bidden him, from tht rector. On bis way to the reotory he had to paei the village inn. At the door of thst hostelry stood a stranger who attracted his attention. He was a' tall, well-built man of respectable appearance, wfaoss features wers good, bm were spoiled by what to Philip seemed tb decidedly ail expression they wore. A- Philip pasted the inn the stranger and bt exchanged glances, and Philip fancied tha the man muttered something to b mstlf. ' 1 never law the fallow in my life before " mussd Philip, as he walked en ; "but the-e'- « tnR thing about the look his face weare that makee one feel eoH. I wonder who h« i- and what bis errand ie in this n-righboihotd i Not a pleasant ore, I'll be bouid." CHAPTER II. " E lira V-«U9 has seat yon to me to hear her story f Yon wish to hear all i" "AH It cannot affect her honour, I an 'sura of that." " Her ho a oar, no : hat there are many m- n who would pause are thpy.renawed the eff-r yon have made E iina Vaae when they hac heard her story.'' " Sapposa I am not like other men, Din woodie. But never mind that. Tell mt first whether you coaBidar Bdina nnworthy >-<£ the tffsr I have 'mads her." "I do not-,- Philip ; I ctBeider her worthy to he any man's wife. What the world would think of the connection, however, is anothex matter." " Bother the world. I stand alone— an the last of my race, as yon know, Dinwoodie, aad cin afford to please myce'-f. If I am la'.iafied with the woman I ask to be my wife, it concerns me little as to what other people may think. Procrcd, if you plssse." " Edina Vane," began Mr Dinwoodie, ' was born of respsctabla and well-to-do paretts. Mr Vane was not a rich man as riches are regarded in these days, bat he had been sre- cetrfal, and had saved enongh to retire on. Unfortunately, he wes induced to invest his oipftal in an undertaking that appeared to be in a most flourishing cond tion and which promised a large ratnrn. Unfortunate, I ay, b cause the concern was one of tbost babble affairs that collapse with the prick of a pin. It smashed, Me Vane loBt his money, and bis loss hastened his end. At his death M -s Vane was left with an income so Email that she had to let some of her rooms to gentlemen loggers, Mrs Vane had two daughters— Edina and J»nst. With Ed ns, one of the lodgers, whose name was Bichsrd Bxvan, fell in love, or profceecd. 1 1 have filleninlova. for, f rem what I have heard of the man, 1 am inclined to think that it was with Eiina's pro«ptcts that he was in love rather than with herself, though she fin pretty enough far any man to'fall in love with for herrelf alon. " Tasre was an anut, you must know, who had willed her money— some eight thous nd pounds — to Edma and Janet in equal portions ; and, I repeat, 1 believe it was to this money that Ricbard Bevsn had aa eye. .At any rate, he made E Una beliava that he loved her, and as he had a fasclnatisg way with Mm, It waa not difficult to persuade a girl of nineteen cf the genuineness of hit dsvotion. This Bevau gave it ont that he W2B in the commission businisi, and as he was always well dressed and teemed in easy circumstancif, M rs Vane thought that htr daughter could not do better then cccipt him. "Tbey were mtrried, and for a time mattrrs went well. Tn a while, however, Edina made the painful discovery that she bad nnited herself to a Bcouedrel. His treatment wci abominable, and will not biav talking about. To make'matter» worie, thej bad not been married six mouths when 8icbard B;van was arrsited for forgery, and it transpired that it ws< his second offmce of the kind, &u;«t that E Una's busbaad was au ex-c-on»ict." Good Heavens 1 Poor child 1 -Well?' " The cbarue war proved against hiin, and Richard Berau was sentenced to anbtner and longer term of imprisonment. At Port- land, ho aucmpttd to make hi« «Bc»pe,-.-ixd wa3 snot dead by a warder. Poor Eii-<a tried to live down the risgrace, an i, wnen ber author died— Edina having reiuratd to t er m taer'i bouie— s'e obtained a situation; bat the diigraod followed her, and s'e wts drives frocr1 one eiiuation to another on that aci- onnt, nn il sar saw my advertisement in a London newspaper for a schoolmiitr s, and applied to ms for th p it, I have £ ieaa in the dis-rict in the Hon;h from h> re Bdina e rne-, and navieg iaarnt her history, >nd hod a ptrtoaal iatexview with her, Io, g g«d her. Her paioful story has not fol lowed her down here, and it would never h<ve pssnd my lips had yon not demanded it at Edina't requist." " And the sister ? " "Janet is in a situaUon in the South, and ie a3 good and true a woman aB Edina is." " Then I know the worst, whioh. is, thst Edina is, or was, the w jfs of a convict." " Precisely." " Which is her miBfortnne, net her fault, Dinwoodie." " Her misfortune, certainly." Philip Hawthome rose from his Beat-, and stretching himself to his full height, said: " I shall marry her, Dinwoodie ; and let any man whisper a word against her when she is my wife, if he dare. Thank you for telling me her story." Had he consulted his own feelings, Philip would have tried to have seen Eiisa agaic that night, bnt it was getting late, bo he decided to postpone the pleasure until the following evening, after he hd returned from a j jucneyhe had to make to a neigh bouring tgwn on boeiness connected with his estate. It had been an eventful day for Edina. In the morning she had received a letter from her sister, informing her of the death of their aunt, and in Which Japet asked Edina to meet her at a lawjer's in London on an early day to ge through certain formalities impacting the money they had inherited, fhan ha/ C0W8 an offer of marriage from the richsBt man in the district, the man she bad learnt to love. In her prattily, arranged room Edina felt very happy that night, though hsr heart beat more xepid'y at times, whan he wonderei what the effect of hearing se s'OTT would be on Philip. Edina bilicvcd that he would bs true to hsr, but there was the uncertainty, and it produced a restleu fit wniph prevented hsr giving htr micd sithsr to worjc or reading. Aitsr drk, when ths stars were Pp|n! out, ond the young r/iaoa was rising behind the plantation, gun a stole out intothe gar den to ojoy th« sweet, cpol air that bad succeeded the heat of the day. She saun tered down to the hedge, and had o soonpr- doua so then the figure of e man roBe from behind it and confronted her, At first she thought that it was her lover who had thus taken her by tun»risei .wr next moment, however, she wes thrown uito a state of neurons dread, and htr face baa gone deathly white. . You 1" she txclafmod, as, dark though i was, she saw, looking intently at her, whom Philip Hawthorne had "« ai hour or hefow standing at the door oi the village ina, Mi'n 1 i' pon't b alarmed," said the nttfi. , f flesh and blood; I'm no ghost, J awure y v And I den't want to aompromiie yen, miss fa»v"— e»phui|ifi|! i« Wtjdtn 9J r might have paid you an earlier visit, and nave sought you in school, or at the front door of your sung littla hoase." "You l" she replied, the terrible look of rear still in her white lace, "You thought you were nicely rid of m.3» didn't you?" said Biohard Bsvan, with a chuckle. Then, speaking rapidly, in a low voioe, he continued i— " i eic -ped after all you see. It was another men who was shot. Not the first time thej have made a mistake of that kind at that shop. Well, I got away, and was in hid ing amongst my pals for a time. It was ao use troubling you, for I knew you had little enough to live on, so I managed to get abroad, where I've been till lately." " And now, Richard ?" asked Edina, tremulously. " I want to go abroad— far enongh off — for good. 1 have c ime to you for the money. Of oonrse, 1 know you have only to send for a policeman, and yon oan get rid of me on very easy terms. Hut " " Yen know that I would not do that, badly as yon treated me." " I don't think yon wonld. Well, your aunt is dead; give me half of your font thousand ponnda, and I swear that yon will have seen the last of me. I shall go to Australia." Eiina had reason to hold , this man in abhorrence. He had ruined her life, and aow, just when happiness Beemed to be within her rexoh, her wicked husband had risen np before her as though from the de ad. But in the few moments she took to think how she should reply to his request, Edina thought not of herself ; her thoughts were for the man who, evii-mi&did; as he was, or had been, was Btill her husband- Che man who was in peril. ' You ahall have the money," she said. " Get back to yoor hiding-place in London wi'-h all spaed, »nd lot me know where 1 <.an meet you there the day after to morrow." He wrote an address on a slip of paper ae tore from his pocket-book, and as he gave it he said : " You are an angel, Edina. I wish to God that I had been worthy of you Bat it is too late now) you will be happier without me. I will «eep my promise. We shall meet in town for the last time." Then, seizing her hand, he put it to his tips, and running down the sloping ground disappeared in the plantation. An hoar passed, aid Edina stUl stood by tbe hedge, the moon shining down npon her luatrous haic and the sweet face, ont of which the s dt colouring had been driven in a moment. At last she turned towards the house, as with a sob she said : " I must never see him again ; never again." She was thinking of the man of whom' it was almost a sin to think now. CHAPTER III. By evening the next day Edina had left the village. She had had an intatview with the rector after morning school, and had explained why she must resign her post at almost a moment's notice, and leave at once for the South. ' I am profoundly sorry for you," said Mr Dinwoodie, " and I feel equally Borry for the squire. He ia a fine, manly fellow, and this will be a severe blow to him." Edina hung her head, and tried hard to keep her tears back. " I cannot spsak to you of that," she said. " And I mrst not even tbink of Mr Hawthorne now; though it will not be I fear, to forgot what has taken place between ns." " Yes, yes," with a sympathetic nod. Then : "At the moment I am at a los3 to know what to do about the school. I'm afraid it will mean closing it for some little time." " Oh, Mr Dinwoodie, I cannot tell you how hsid I find it to tear myself away from it. It nearly breaks my heart. Would y-'.u — do you thiuk— — " " Yes ? " encouragingly. " I was wondering whether you would let my sister Janet have it, if she would iiko it. I am sure she wonld suit ycu, and —and " "Say no more, If your tistei will take it, she shall have it. I will keep it open for a few days, if you will let me know soon." So that was arranged. Mr Dinwoodie remained at home in the evening in anticipation of a visit from the quire. It was getting late when Philip arrived, hiB lace pale, a mystified look in his eje3. " Good heavens I Dinwoodie, what has happened?" he eagerly asked. " I was later back than I « xpeced, and when I went to the school-house j net now, the woman you had left in charga said th»t Hiss Yane had gone, but could give me no reason. Gone where ? And why ? You don'c mean to soy—" " Be seated, Philip, and calm yourself. You shall hear all that 1 cau tell you." Paiiip dropped into a chair, but he looked far from c dm. Mr Dinwoodie ex plained the prinful circumstances uader wbieh Eima had to leave the school and the ne ghbourhood. _ ... "Her husband I" exclaimed Philip, springing from his seat. " Then it would ba th.t vidian I saw standing at the inn door. I felt at the time that Mb presence h -re meant m achief to someone. And Eiina has really gone— for . good, Din woodie ?" "She could scarcely have remained after what had passed between you and her, Philip, independent of that man's claims upon her " " Oh, my God ! this will kill ma," and the Equire, with a sob that touched the rector's heart deeply, buried his face in his hands. " Be a man, Phillip," said the rector, kindly, laying his baud ou his shoulder. ' You will get over it." Never 1" cried Paillip, fervidly. " Too don't know how I love, her, Din woodie. And I may not even see her again or write to her- It is quite as bad a3 if Death itself had robbed me of her." Mr Dinwoodie then told him that possibly E iina's sister Janet might take the school, on which PM ip burst ont with : " And she is eo like her sister, that I shall never see her without being re- mnded of E<£j,ua And it will be torture." " Then you Had better travel again for a wbile." " I shall have to do so, for I shall never be able to stand thfe place now that Hdida has gone out of it." A"d the young Equire felt it so keenly that he did pnt a few hundred mileB be- ween himself and the scene of his un fortunate love-making witMn a day or two of what had happened. Before the week was out, Mr Dinwoodie received eui intimation from the South which enabled him to announce that the Eohool would be re-opened on tho follow- Monday, under the charge of Miss Janet Yane, the sister of the late schoolmistress, and was at some pains to ensure for her a kindly reception, as one who wonld worthily sqcceed a worthy sister. Tfie new schoolmistress was expected to arrive on the Saturday afternoon. In the evening, the rector, who was the most kindly of men, called to offer her a word of welcome and encouragement. He would have done this in the case of a per fect stranger 3 he did it the more willingly because of the strong regard he had for Edina. Mr Dinwoodie was rather shocked at Miss Yane's appearanoe. She looked wMte and ill, and there were dark lines under her eyes that told of Iobs of sleep and probably suffering of some kind. It Struck him that she hqd mde her sister's trouble her own, and no doubt it would take her a few days to recover from the effect Edina'a story had produced on her. He missed the smile with wMch Edina had always greeted Mm, and thought her sister stiff and uncommunicative. She was tired with her journey, however, and in not very good spirits, perhapB, and Mr Dinwoodie let thoee circumstances account for the difference between heraeif and her sister, wMoh was rapher disappointing, i He ttld the school a visit during the | week, and wm totbfied with what be s»w and heard; hut his first impression of the schoolmistress wai aonfiraned— she waB far 183 genial and winning tUan Edini had b "en. "Ah, well, temperaments do differ," said the rector to himself 1 " we are not all constituted Mike, and certainly, in some respects, Janet is less pleasing in her manner than Edina was." Bat he had no doubt as to her efficiency. Mr Dinwoodie questioned some of the children, as he met them in the village, about the now mistress, and the verdict that _ was passed on her was pretty unanimous. Miss Vane was very kind, and she had showed them Miss Edina'a likeness, which she wore in her silver locket, which had delighted them all, and caused them to vow to love the new mistress for her sister's sake. So that, if Janet laoked tbe personal :charm of Edina, Mr Dinwoodie had, on the whole, reason to ba satisfied. On the Sunday the rector w&3 surprised to see tho squire ia ohuroh, and noticed that he hardly took his eyes off the "sohool- miatreas. in his strmon Mr Dinwoodie had a good deal to say about the moth and the A nna, and onoe or twice looked .raiher hard at Philip. Philip made Ms escape as soon at the aervic j wis over, and walked off at railway speed to The Chase. The BohoolmiatreBs'a f»ce had nearly driven him mad. " I was a fool to oome book," he said to himself. ' That woman's face wonld make aluaatic of me in a' month. But Dinwoodie needn't have preached at me as he did. O? course he fancies that I shall transfer my affeotion from Edina to Janet, bat I'm not the man to do that, aud I'm not going to think so meanly of myself as to suppose for a moment that I would." - Tae schoolmistress's face haunted him all day, and hid such an tffoot on Min that at last he said, " 1 11 go abro&d; for a year, two years, any length of time, and at once. But I muat see her, must bid her farewell, in case we never meet again. I will call upon Janet to-morrow, and ask Iter for her sister's address. It's no rise asking Dinwoodie, because he wouldn't approve of it, and would read me a lecture in stead/' # " I most not give you Eiina's address, Mr Hawthorne." They stood iu the poroh after the school had been dismissed. " You refnse, Miss Janet P" looking keenly into ber pale facr, that contrastrd : so with her dark eyebrows, and the glossy dark hair that crowned her shapely head. " I must." He caught sight of her locket. "Di you wear Ediua's portrait P" he asked. " May I look at it t" As she offered no resistance he opened the locket, feasted Ms eyes for a moment on the sweet, fair face it contained, put it to his lips, th?n, with a sob, rushed from the scene. CHAPTER IV. Philip Hawthorne went to Paxis, bnt the goiaties of the gayest capital in the world had no oharm for Mm. His life had baen rained, he told him- sslf, and Buch a thing as pleasure was now impossible. H thersfors left I P'ris, and, itogather with a friend be had picked up there, went into Switzerland, and endeavored to " take it out of himself," ai he pnt it, with a severe coune of olimbing amongst tht Alps. On the day he had left Liverpool An awfni shipwreck had been reported, which had bsen the topic of the hour. a ship, bound for Acatralix, on'y a few dayi ont, had gone down in a terrible gale with every soul on b >ard. It had been ons of the moat appal ling catastrophes at bob known for yeirs, end had touched the heart of the whole nation. Ie tbs eelfi.bntBB of hii owe trmble, how ever, Phil'p contented himself with reading a auirmarr .of tha calamity. Had he read tha detsilB, h'l trartli would not have ex tended beyond tha metropolis. Philip had left fcoait aegry with the rector, Mr Dinwoodia had duly declined to giva him Eiina'e addreia, and had plainly to'd h m that far h'm to go. on loving a /roman who bad a hcabaud living wax Biuful and an- manly. " Go away and forget her," the rector had said, Philip had found it hard to forgive hia friend, and he had beta wander ing in Swi'zirland and Italy for tLne months ere he could mtka np his mind to write <0 bim. At Rom?, Philip aud hii companion agreed t ) tak. the ftttamcr at Oirita Vsc-hia lor a trip up tho Miditteraasan. B cf or t embark ing h=> wrota to Mr D'swsodia, aud gave him the namei of one or two places at which a latter would fiad htm. Philip's silence hid pszzd Mr Dia- wo-dis, bacavte he thaaaht too highly of him to snpposo that he bore maUcs on accosnt of ttoir ha ring differad aa to th> propriety of Ediua's addrtsi being withheld fiom him. Puilip'o letter p-rolexed bim still more, for it contained not a single rdervnee to E Iina. "Ii he really trying to stifle his paigloa f»r lier?" said the rsctor to hi mit If, after xvadlng tbe letter again. '"Or— uood gra cious l he may not even have .heard of that awful catastrophe at sta at about the tin o< hia depaitu-o, aud may bt quite ueaware of the feet that Biohard Bavan was amungit t'.a paasengere who west down with that ill- fated ship." He wrote to Philip by tha next po<t, lay ing the olroumitance before him, and leav- isg him to do as he law fit. The lettsr reached Phi'ioat Alexandria. He had barely read it, wben he electrified his friend by t boating, 11 Home I home ! by tbe first stop "hat's going that way, and Htaven grant that it may be soon. Ob, that I should have b-jtn in ignorance of that man's death all tbis time ! Ttii ccmei of thinking my own afftir outweighed in importance that of a calamity whioh called forth the Sympathy of a nation, miserable dolt that I was I" And homeward he set his face from that moment. It was a wild night in <ht late autumn, with rain in the wind, which came in gusts like showers of ststl. It was a night to be indooTB, aud Mr Dinwoodie, who was suffer ing from a cold, was hugging the fire in his c .ay study. Osteaeibly he was preparing a sermon, for a sheet on which he had pen cilled some notes was in bis hand; in reality, htiwas think'ng of the schoolmiitzeu. The rector was quite concerned about ber. He had thought her far too pale when sha had first come; now ths itemed to b» wretchedly ill, axd to be losing hsr gool looks, Hex manner, also, dirconcerted him. She treated him with proper respect, aad faith fully discharged hex dniies, bnt she appear ad to bs desirous of keeping him at a distance, and he had found htr most reluctant to talk abont Ediua. And Mr Dinwoodie hid i- terested kimse'f bo much ia Bdina's case, that he felt her sister'e reticsrcx very much, and failed to understand it. He had proved himself to ba Edins'i. friend, and he would have been her sister's friend if Bhe had allowed him. Being himself praotically t little below par on this stormy night, Mr Dinwoodie felt both perplexed and distressed he called to mind the many indication! he had had of the icboolmiscreis's unsympathetic tempera ment ; bat being kindly disposed, he was inclined to thiuk that it might bi pirely-a question of health, aad had almost made up his mlud to write to Eiina, and state Ms fears that her sister was suffering from seme cause or other which she declined to specify, and that, in his opinion, eke needed proper attention at the hands of a medical man. He had almost decided to do this, when his servant announced : " Miss Yane." With an exclamation of enrpriie, Mr Din- wobdie rose and rsaeived the sehoolmiitren. " I can commend yoqr courage more th»n yenr discretion, Miss Janet, in ventaring ont on inph h night, " he said, kind Jy taking her hand aad leading her to a chair by tha fire, " Pray, let me relieve you of yonr cloak, it is- wet through, Daur, dear, hark at the rain ; what n night it is." Having removed her cloak, and Men her seated, Mr Dinwoodie dropped into his own ohnir, and began rabbing hie bands together before the fire, to giva the lakoolnuitreu time to compose herself. ai she did not speak, Mr Dinwoodie said 1 \- ' It should be no light onand which t>rieg< yon oat on snob a night. There is. something troubling yoa, I fear, Miss. Janet." "Yes,. I want yen to release me from my engagement." " I am very eorry to hoar it. ; but, if it ie oa the ground , of ill-health, 1 must try to ®Mt your wishes.- Yoa have disohargeJ the dutiei faithfully, bat, from the first, I hvre q (tstioued whethsr your strength was equal to the task. Now,- 1 , am sure that it was ot, for your health hae suffered terribly, It iB not that, Mr Dinwoodie," " No t" with a glanoe of enronse at tha choolaiii tress' a while, haggard face. There was a pause ere ahe replied : "My conscience will' not allow me to occupy the position any longer." " Your.oonaoienoe, my dear, young lady ! I wish every woman had as olear a one as yours." The schoolmistress shook her head sadly. - 'No," she said. " You don't understand yet. I must try to explain." There was another pause. Then, aa if nnable to bear the tension longer, she threw herself at the rtotor's feet and cried: "Ob, Mr Dinwoodie, don't ycu'know me ?" 'Edina ! Can it be possible t" The rector's eyes had been opened in a moment. Ha was shocked at the deception, bnt the offender had a warm place in his heart, and he pitied her. Gently raising her, he bade her be seatsd again, th-n sid : " Wow, tell me why you did it." With downcast eyee, and in an almost inaudible voice; Edina replied. "I did not intend to do it when I weit away ifcut when I fonnd that Janet iconld not take the school, I could not bear the thought that it wonld snffer ; and T knew that I could not live away from the spot where I bad fcand so muoh happiness. So I was tempted to personate Janet by dying my hair, and exchanging locketa with" her. 1 thought that no harm could come cf it ; but, oh, Mr Dinwoodie, 1 little dreamt how hard the part would be I had to play, or the suffering it would entail. To-night I felt that I oould no longer keep my shsmefnl secret to myself, and s " The rector still hated the deceit of whioh Edina had been guilty, but he was touched with her misery. "And so, you poor child," he said, placing bis hand on her shoulder, "yon oune through the storm to confeEB yonr fault. May God forgive you, Edina, aa I do." "The squire, sir," here annonnoed the servant. It was. an awkward moment. Mr Din. woodie wonld have kept FMlip back. E iina, with an sfirighted look, had slipped on to the floor again, and had buried her face in her bauds. Philip stood ia the doorway, taking in the scene, with wonder written large in his .bronzed face. In a few words-Mr Dinwoodie explained all, then quietly left tbe room. When he returned the haggard look iu Edina's face had given plaoe to one of in effable peace. Tbe Btorm without resembled that through which she had been called upon to pass, but she had safely reached a haven of refuge ; her head rested against Philip's breast, and the arm that was to protect her henceforth wag around her. the bnd y ' 