FRANK DARE. 0 A STORY OF A GOLDFIELD, : By Snowy River. "Yon really saw the ghost, Wilson? " "I told you so. I had been out after my horse and it was jnst getting dusk when I came over the second range of lulls and when half way up the hills I saw it. 'Oripps ! it did give me a turn ; I nearly fainted." " What was it like ?" " Tall and big and white, with a face like a skull aud such gleaming eyes. I saw it just for a moment and then it disappeared behind a big gum tree." "Just like what Andy Lee said he saw." "You bet I don't go near that hill again, once is enough for this child. I was so upset after it that I had to go nOwn hi TYI nfr.lion T.nelon' o nni3 n'nt <1 drink." " When he came home he was quite white and shaky and I could not get an' sense out of him for over so long." The speaker was Harry Brown, Wilson's mate. It was between six and seven o'clock at Bebarra gold field, and the men bad just done sapper. A few were seated on the steps of Mrs. Macklin's board ing house and it was there that the above conversation had taken place. Bebarra goldfield was going ahead — The latter day goldfields arc always going ahead or else going bang. The held bad not long been proclaimed and was in its infancy. Some of the men were working for wages, but a great many bad their own leases and were working their own claims. James Wilson — to give Wilson his full name —and his mate, Harry Brown, were working their own claim, and it was said that they had found a reef and were on gold. . " I mind the old man telling me of a p-host than was seen near Barhnrat.". said a' man called Paddy Power, "lie said" — . A.t this point he was interrupted by another of the group, Mike O'Donnell, crying " There's Dare drunk again." All looked, and, coming along the road way past- the boarding house was a man,:"and a young one too. He was stumbling rather, than walking and swearing to himself as he went along. : ".Let's have a lark with him," said Paddy Power. ; " Let him alone," said Brown. " I used -to think that he was a decent fellow. I guess that he will whip the cat : to-morrow." . " His money must hs most done, .the fool has never paid Mrs. Macklin for his board these two months, and he won't be able to get any tucker alter this performance. I suppose ho will have to pack up and go away,' said Wilson. . ' Maltilda up," remarked O'D mmll, I " and serve him right too, be ii nothing but a swiper." The object of these remarks, as he passed the group of men, gave a feeble cooey and stood still a moment and then with, an oath went on his way, stumbling and swearing. He went about a hundred yards and then he made into the bush, and having tested the weight of his body against several trees, he found his bent.- He threw himself on; his bunk without taking his clothes off aud : went to sleep. His sleep,- was heavy and long, and when he awoke next day the sun was well up. He awoke sober but with a burning thirst that a billy of water did not satisfy. He searched bis pockets and found that all his money had gone. He made bis way to Mrs. Lester's shanty and asked for a drink on credit and got refused. He then tried to borrow" money but failed to do so and then he was at his wits ends. How he put the day in he did not know afterwards, but, liko everything else, that day which was one of the most wretched in his life came to an end. He had nothing to eat, his credit was gone, and he had to go hungry and ill to bed that night. The next day he fell weak and faint, and as dinner time approached he made for tho nearest township to the gold- field with the intention of having dinner there. Ho knew that they would not ask him for the money but would wait until lie went up to pay thorn, and they wonld wait a long time this time, ho thought, with a grim smile. He was about a mile off the township when ho met Elsie Summers. -She was a farmer's daughter that he had been introduced to at a party wheii he first came to tlio district aud people had not found out his failing for drink.- " Good day, Mr. Dare," she said and she gave him a bright smile, " are yon going to town ?" Yes," he said, and would have passed on. "You look very had, you have been drinking." " What is it to do with you ? Who told you?" " Harry Brown was at our place. He had some stone with him that he was going to get assayed ; he told me." " Harry Brown had better mind what he is saying." " He sa:d that you had lost your job and had spent all your money and that you could not get anything to eat." "I will break his nock when I see . him," "Is it true?" "What?" " That you have no money and can't get anything to eat." " Mind your own business." " Don't be angry with me Mr. Dare. I am sorry if I hart your feelings. I want you to come home with me and have dinner. Father is away and mother won't mind ; she will be pleased to see you. Do come, I want so bad to talk to you." Was the girl in love with him ? He was not such a conceited fool as to think so. The girl had a woman's pity | for the wretched, that was all. He ought to accept her offer- with thank fulness. I will come Miss Summers, and it . is all true what Harry llrown said. I shall leave iBobarra to-morrow, and I . shall have to leave in' character behind me." : " Come and have dinner and after-1 wards we will have a long chat."; i : He had dinner at the Summers's farm house, It was not a great dis tance from it where .he had met Elsie, so they did not have far to go. After dinner according to her promise Elsie took liim out on the verandah for a long chat. " I can not make out why yon drink," she began, " you have a good education ; people say, and must have sceu better days. If you only knew how wretched it makes you look and how it lowers you, yon would not do it." " It is because I have seen better days that I drink, drink to forget my presenr wretchedness." : "As long as you drink yon will always be wretched. If you left it off yon might get on." , "It is no use my- saying that I am ; going to leave it oil now ; every man says that -when he has spent all his money." "I should not say anything about ;; it-, but do it." "I will try. If there were more .v.. .girls j like yon in Australia, Miss teteSninmersymenw-oiildbe :better." 'r'-'' "You say that you arc going to leave Bebarra to-morrow ?" "Yes, I shall have to. I might get work again, but tlieu I have no credit." " Ho yon think the gold field is any good ?" " It may turn ont all right, and I believe there will be a boom before long. The prospectors are on good gold." " You think that if yon stop yon will get work ?" "I do. I am sure to find something to do." " Well, I will lend you a pound. It is what 1 call my milk mono'." The girl produced a pound from her pocket and offered it to him, "I can not take this." " Yon must; I will never speak to you again if yon don't. There is nothing in it. ft is only a loan and you will pay me back." He took it, and when he was saying good-bye Elsie said : — . '' I know that you won't driuk a poor girl's milk money." " I awoar I will not." Prank did not find it as easy as he anticipated to get work on Bebarra. He had got a bad reputation and most of the people would have nothing to do with him. He succeeded however at last. Mrs Lester was very much an noyed when she heard from others that lie still had some money. . She said lie was the first man that had been on the spree in her shanty and had left with any money. It reflected on her business capabilities. Prank started to batch, board himself, and when his first money came in he returned the £1 to Elsie, ne wrote to her, and in his letter he told her that she had saved him. He did not. gv> to see her. IJe determined to wait until lie was out of debt and could dress himself nicely and be able to afford to -Ave her a present. He kept himself very much to himself and spent his leisure hours in reading. Of course lie frequently thought of Elsie, and as time went on he got to lovelier. He knew that Harry Brown was after her, and it used to trouble him very much to see Harry, dressed in his best, ride into town every Saturday. Harry was a lucky fellow ; the claim that lie and Wilson had, was on good gold, and it. was generally known on the goldfield that ne- gociations were being successfully carried out for the sale of the claim to a syndicate for £1000 with some scrip. There was no doubt hut that a boom ' was coming on Bebarra ; the pro spectors claim was bringing up some . very rich stone and other claims were on good gold. One day Frank met Harry Brown in the roadway. Frank had a pick- axe . in his band. . " Hullo Dare ! How are you piping up ?" "Bight enough. I pegged out a claim yesterday." ' "Where?" " You know lie ghost's hill that most of them avoid ? Well I pegged that out," Brown did not answer, but a peculiar look which was the reverse of pleasant -came over his countenance. 1 " By the bye, I found that some ' working had been done on the side of the hill and it was there that I found this." He held up the pick-axe for Brown's inspection. " I believe that it belongs to you." Brown took the pick-axe, which no doubt signified that —it- did belong to him, but he said never a word. " I say Brown, old chap," Prank went on, " the next time that you want to keep a piece of ground, don't get np a ghost yarn. It was very clever the way you, Wilson, and your friond Andj' Lee circulated the report but I saw through it at once ; in fact it set me prospecting the hill, and as my pro spect was satisfactory I pegged it out. I ant very much obliged to yoa fellows for giving me the tip." "This is Wilson's fault," cried Brown in a rage. " I told him that we ought to peg it out long before. 1 say Dare, you will not be able to work it by yourself ; you might like our going in with you." "No fear, I have already found gold and I can get a capitalist for a partner. Good-day." Things bore a much brighter aspect now for Prank, he was on the way to make a nice amount of money. Know ing this and being afraid that Brown . would be successful in his suit whh Elsie, he determined to go and see her and try his fate. It was three months since she had lent him the pound, and ,he had never seen her since then. I will go, lie thought, and tell her what her goodness on that day lias done lor me. Be had bought some new clothes and he arrayed himself in them when ho went to see her. He also bought a gold locket to give her for a present. When she saw him she gave him a bright smile and greeted him - with -the utmost cordiality. -He told her of his luck, how he had sold a half share of his claim to a rich man for. £200, and how the gold on ;it was getting better every day. He wound up by saying — " What I am now, yon have made me, Miss Summers. What good for tune I have obtained is owing entirely to yon, and as a mark of my apprecia tion of yon, I have brought you this and lie handed to her the locket. " I'am.so glad ! so very glad 1" she exclaimed, and he thought that there were tears in her eyes. " I will never drink any more, Elsie, and I have come here to-day to ask you to be my wife." " I am sorry for that because I must say 110." " No, Elsie, and why no? I have flattered myself, miserable fool that I was, that yon, doing what yon did for ine, did not proceed from indifference tome; but: I ought to have known better ; a girl with a heart of gold like yon would help anybody." "X.arajafraid; that:, that is too -liigli. an opinion of me." " Why did yon help me Elsie? It wonld have been better to have let me go away. My heart would not, have ached then as it does now. It has been tho thought of yon that has helped me to do what I have done." " I was afraid that that was so." "Afraid — and why?" " Can't you see that 1 want you to keep straight for your own sake, for your own self respect and manhood, and not for the sake of anyone else or of any reward. If I married yon, what proof have I that you would not start driukiug again ?" " I swear — " " Do not swear. I can not trust you Mr. Dare." " But Elsie, my angel ! How can I make yon trust me ? What can I do ?" " Nothing more than you are doing." " But is there no hope ?" "I can not give yon any, but if in a year's time nothing occurs aud you are still here — " _ " What then, Elsie dear?" " I can say nothing more, the future will prove. Will you come inside now and see father and mother?" JLiiree montus went oy, ana every body knew that Prank Dare would be a rich man. The reef on liis claim got richer and richer and it was being formed into a company. Dare kept himself steady. Every week he would go and see Elsie; once or twice lie tried to talk of love to her, but she would not permit it. She told him that it was useless to speak to her on that subject at the present time. Dare lived in the future and spent hoars a day castle building, and Elsie was always the heroine of his castles; bnl liis day dreams were to receive a rude check. Paddy Power met hiin ono day, and after some general conversa tion Paddy said — " So Harry Brown is going to be married to Elsie Summers." " Who told yon that He ?" - " It is not a lie; everybody knows it." "I don't believe a word of it." "That is because you arc after the girl yourself." "Mind your own business," and Prank turned 011 liis heel and loft him. Prank did not believe Power, altiioagh from one he inquired of lie heard the news confirmed. He could not credit it but it worried him and so 'put a period to his suspense. He walked over to Summers's place one night; only to find that Elsie had gone to a dance with her brother, and from farther in quiries he heard that Brown was there. He began to think the news , was true, and when he went over on the; Saturday as usual he saw Brown's horse in the paddock. He turned away without going into the house. It was true, he said to himself, good-bye to all his hopes, and yet he conld not find it in his heart to blame Elsie. She was free and coiild please herself, and Brown was a man that would please almost any girl — goodlooking, well oflj and pleasant in his manners. Now a frightful temptation overtook him, but he withstood it and did not start drinking. If I have lost Elsie, he said to himself bitterly, I will not lose my self respect as well. A month went by and he did not go near Elsie ; he kept himself to himself more than ever ; and then one day he met her. She would have passed him without speaking but he stopped her. " Allow, mo to congratulate yon Miss Summers." "On what?" "Your coming marriage with Mr. Brown." " Who told you that ?" ' I heard it." " How long ago ?" " A month." " And yon believed it?" " I lid not at first, but on making inquiries 1 found that it was confirmed,, then I conld not help bat believe it. Is it not true ?" "No. And when you believed it you did not go drinking ?" "No, I was tempted hut I with stood it." "God bless you! my darling." He took her in his arms and kissed her. She was satisfied that lie would drink no more and agreed to marry him whenever lie liked. Brown had proposed to her, she told him, and she had refused him, hut in spite of that he still persevered in his suit. The story is told. Elsie aud Prank are married and live in Sydney. Brown is also married and manages a gold mine m Queensland. J 