^OriffimU JPoetry, i TO THE MEMORY OF TOM ;? THE TBRBIER. B*' JRow, silence there, you mongrel crew, H':' Bet «ll your tails «-wagg!e, §& &riek; op your ears and wnile ' a few,' W* . Cease growl, and bow!, and haggle. «y;. Here's Tom a-saifSa' down the street, fi- ' Than whom no doc politer .'^??(He'* quit* a ' toff' with the efefe), k ' Bit, Lord know*, he's a fighter. ' . Tern's pretty abort in an affray, \- And you may bet jour life on The fast that lie will bare bia way— My ! See him ' rag ' a syphon ! Abl Well, I'm raistog ghosts ae fast As Mistress Annie Beasant. Poor Tom, though dead, re-lives his past In my ' historic present.' One time, 'tis said, that brutal men Turned on a boss of water, Ton just exhausted it— and then Went growliag to the slaughter. The pipe be worried til' so dry It almost brought ? drought ca llow that's a yarn let none deny Or idly cast a doubt on. Poor Tom s car of any rig Would tackle straight and 'raw' him, And did one prove « size too big, He'd jump inside end. gnaw fain. Tom loved but lew, he did not dote On brutes of any breeding, Bat least of ail he fancied goat, Preferred to see it bleeding. To him that. -] -ladrupe 3 do doubt Was as a dog degraded ; No honest fangs within in's snout — Hia very bark whs faded. One day 'i'om e rayed upon a heap Of rubbish, ati.1 upon it Espied a mob of gnat* — or sheep — Depntturiog a boumt. 'TwaB quick as tbouglr, he at her throat Flew eager for the struggle, Down fell a silly nanny go it, With p'cidin? bleat uni guggle. Now by the nicest freak of fate, Came ridinR by Tom's master, A tni-t despotic potentate, Who scented home disaster. Poor Tom on business quite intent Heard ncvar footstep falling, t'eared no impending clisi-tuement, But revftllcd in tbn pqualliog. Alas I 'f mi ever thus ! Our jvyi So blissful — and eo gory, The cruel baml of Fete destroy! Or rolx then of their glory. For now on Tom's tlevo'.td cnat Fell blows in quick succesjioo, Bis mueslc clo?c against a goat, By way of object lessoa. The piin was been — but what is pain Beside a mister psp&ion; ? Tom strsigbt«p«y got a grip again Io scientific fasuion ! Enough of this, the Great Repose Keeps Tmn now snugly quartered, The ting who eUvr th« fireman's hose Wot by a serpent slaughtered. 2fo more, aiack, the angry growl, No more the glare that burneth, Poor Tom has journeyed cheek by jswl, Where never hound relurneth. Still, ailenoe el) you mongrel crew I HisgboBt shoJI fight forever, And phantom fangs will dogskin chew, And half -cute wind pipes sever. Bo raise ? deep-disturbing wail ! Uplift tbe dismal cborns ! The muffled meat tins to each tail t Apply the plafeter porous 1 — — — — _ WAlB 