under the verandah. Spiritualism thrive on exposure. If beliot oould be killed by tko unrelling of fraudulent mediume the superatition would long einoe have been relegated to the ' limbo ot discarded herealea. From Catherine Fox down through the Davenports and the Sladet to the very latost exponents of the hidden mysteries whioh lie behind the veil parting the seen from the unseen, thero has been a continual Bucoestion of these blows to faith. But as the blood of the martyr is the seed of the ohuroh, so spiritualiim flourishes exoeedingly upon the scoffing contempt of tho unbelieving and the soeptiaal. There is no limit to the absorbing power of oredulity. For Faith, fanatic Faith, once wedded fast To some dear falsehood hugs it to the last. Then it is so easy to olear away any sus- pioious oiroumstanoo whero there is tho oomfort- ing asauranco that no explanation is too foolish to gain acceptance. When a medium is strongly grasped by the arm until the turning up of the lights diaoloaes to the company the process of masquerading in spirit guise it might be thought that any opportunity of avoiding oonfeasion had been debarred. Suoh a oonalusion is ludiorously erroneous. Ail you have to say is that the phy sical body ot the medium had at the moment of contaot suddenly shot Into the spiritual form, and that the truth of this astonishing theory la demonstrated by the very faot of the seizure. Tiie drapery and the mask, whioh to sooptioal observation seemed to disappear beneath the oonoealing petticoats, really dissolved like vapor into the atmosphere, and on this point there is empbatio evidenoo offered by faithful witnesses other then tho medium herself. Of what value is the mnteriai tostimony of dull earth-bound eyes compared with the spiritual insight of those who have enjoyed oommunion with suoh gentle ghosts as Geordie, Josephine and chooo- late loving Oieaie? If people appreciate de- materialising experiences of this oharaoter why should they be deprived of their enjoyment ? Does not Hudibras say To some the pleasure fs as great Of being cheated as to cheat! So it may woll be that medium and believers are equally satisfied after an exciting stance. And so the veteran " Major " has paseod in his oheoks. He was a blithe and genial soul until oontinunl ill health had damped his spirits. How he enjoyed the rough and tumble of a party figlit, the preceding intrigues, the mining and counter-mining, cenduoted with so much fuss and blather that there was hardly any'offort at oonoealment. Ministries were made and un made in thoso days in tho back room at the White Hart Hotel, tho "Major" the predom inating figure. Ho had no more oonoeption of the applioation of prinoiplea to politioa than a lover in an eighteenth oentury eomedy has of morality, but he was always noisily truo to his side. Politics to him was a kind of guerilla warfare, wherein everything was fair as long as you oould harass the enemy and help your friends. The " Major " was not without faults — politicians are not immaoulate as a rule— bat he will be more regretted than many who hava all the Pharlsaioal virtues written broad on their pliylaoteries. In illustration, shall I say, of tho gallantry of his disposition or of his politieal perspioaoity, there is an inoident related of his ministerial administration. It was during the anxious interval of ro- eleotion that as Minister of Edu cation he beoame aware of the extraordinary faot that all the female aspirants for toaoher- abip hailing from Ballarat had failed, with one exception, to pass their examination. He oslled the examiners bofore him. "Surely, gontlemen," he said, "there must be some error in the returns. - All the ladies from Bal larat fail. It oannot be 1" The examiners re tired and reoonsulted the papers. The Minister was right. There had been some mistake; and all the Ballarat ladies were passed. Bo the "Major" earned the gratitude of his fair towns- women and the admiration of his oonstltnents. The disillusionment of Max O'Rell over the Australian colonies is a reflex of the disappoint ment of Australian audiences with tho leoturer. Possibly tboir expectations had been raised too high. M. Blouet would understand this feeling, for lias he not recorded that the Southern Cross failed miserably to roalise his antioipa-. tions. To magnify a constellation formed of stars whioh are not ' of equal magnitude, and whioh are not oven plaood aymbtrioally, is sufficient to arouse ' his - bitterest aoorh.' He denounooa the Southern Cross 'as . a fraud,' the biggest of all the geeso that pass for swans. in the colonies. Max O'Boll must be a lineal desoendant of Sydney Smith's friend, who" "spoko dlsrespcotfuily of the equator." Now that libel suits are becoming ub common as gooseberries on a bush have not the denizens of the sea cause of notion against a oertain learned judge? Why should, a transaction whioh requires a good deal of explanation be described as fishy. Natural history docs not tcaoh us that the scaly habitants of the ocean are aooustomed to transfer their liabilities to other shoulders than their own, nor do they employ ingenious devices to avoid the unpleasant prospcat of oontingent indebtedness. Fishes swallow, they do nut bait, the hook. This is the proud prerogative of man. The solitary illustration of humor whioh the Rev. J. Middloton Maodonald affords in his fictional history of Thunderbolt is the story fathered upon Bishop Perry concerning the . praotical means whereby he was oonvinoed that Australian bullooks understand only the languago of oaths. The inuocenoe of ignorance upon this point was similarly held by another respected olergyman of this diooese, until pain fully dispelled by reoent experienoes. He was paying a visit to a brother, the manager of a oattle station in tho interior, who for some days sueoeeded In suiting his language to his com pany, and avoiding the oustomary interpolation of purple expletives. One morning tho reverend gentleman expressed a strong desire to accom pany his brother to tho oattle yards to see with his own eyes how drafting operations wero carried on. He would listen to no objections, and with mnoh inward perturbation the brother consented to take him. For a time all went well, and the parson sat upon a fence enjoying the novelty of the surroundings. Suddenly the oattle burst away, and the brother, forgetful of all but the necessities of the situation, gave forth a torrent of invective which the bullooks may have understood, but whioh to the ears of bis horrified listener eoundod like a blast from the infernal regions. Down he dropped upon his knees to seek to avert the Divine wrath. When his brother, in au interval of chasing the bullooks baok to the yards, saw how ha was engaged, he roared to him to get out of the way of danger, as he stood a ohanoe of being gored by some bullock who was not a regular ohuroh attendant. But the olergyman prayed on, until in desperation the brother, fearing for his safety, flioked him with the stockwhip into recognition of the faot that there is a time to pray and a time to bo out of the way. Needless to say that the fraternal visit was qulokiy brought to a olose. Economy is sometimes attended with ineon- venitnes. In the interests of retrenchment1 Treasury offiocra have been abolished in thl smaller oountry towns, and their duties are dis charged by the looal postmaster, who is better versed in district affairs than in financial com plications. The other day a municipality, in acoordance with law, desired to invest a few hundred pounds of surplus funds in Govern ment stooks. The money was paid through the ohannel of tho looal postmaster. Beoeiving no official recognition in due course from the Treasury, the munioipal officer wrote to inquire the reasou. He was told that no suoh pur- ohase had been notified. Visions of fraud and embezzlement flitted aoross his mind, although he knew tho local postmaster to be a dull but honest fellow. Inquiry eluoidated the mystery. The postmastor had duly transmitted the money, but had advised that the payment was made on account of vermin destruction. He knew of no other stock than the four footed animals whioh oome under this category. The only satisfactory explanation of the Tan- tanoola tiger ie that it must be a "spook." The evidence of its existence is about as conclu sive as that of .a medium's materialised spirit. Itroveals itself only to the eyes oftheoredu- lous, and under conditions which admit of no confirmatory testimony. After frightening a Hamilton Tarn o' Shanter out of his obfusoated wits, the strange and fearsomo oroature has been heard of in the vleinlty of Beaobport on tho border. Is there no daring Henry to seize this mysterious visitor and discover the material form which oan shoot suddenly into the tigor'e akin ? It roust be by the law of contrariety that - Hansard reporters burst forth into song. Two, it not more, of the members of the staff show -a strong inclination to tread Parnassian heights, seeking the purer, olearer air whioh they breatho in the aioent as a relief from the dreary dulnesB whioh surrounds their ordinary work. The reoord of legislative utteranocs, the wlshy-. wasby everlasting flood of ordinary politioal oratory, cannot, except on tho non lueendo prin ciple, furnish inspiration for a pursuit of the muses. The eloquence of a Zox or a Moloney is not of the kind to sot a poet's eye in a fine fronzy rolling. Credit ought surely to be allowed for verse produeed under anoh condi tions. A new word has been imported into our lan guage — a new terror added to life. For the past fortnight Melbourne hoardings have been placarded with "Velodrome." One of tho most onnning methods of advertising is to arouse the ourlosity of the people. Modern soolety is always hankering after some now thing. In all forma of amusement, in every condition of sooial lifa, novelty ie tho one essen tial to "catohing on." Tho Wire Man who wrote the Book of Eoolesinites rebuked forward youth for Implying "that tho former days were better than these." Vouth was instruoted to "inauiro wisely aonosrning this." I should . reply to the Preeoher. that in tbo good old deya there were no ndvertieemenla on the wnlle to worry our overwrought braim ; also that there were no bicyoiea Velodrome, it eeeme, aimply meanH n bioyolc rink. From French papere I see that Paris ha. been taken by eteim by this form of amusement. Fashionable women (look to the rink or velodrome in the CliampB Elyscd, don becoming costumes, and whirl round, admired and admiring— themselves. In Paris the velo drome is tbo outcome of tho scorch after novelty. In Australia it may have a deeper significance. The velodromo raeane divided ekirts, n further step towards the moral assump tion of tho toga virilis, female suffrage and the martyrdom of man generally. . . A certain Melbourne solicitor was examining a witness as to. what she had been, and a J. P. on the heneh interjected that ho didn't see the point of tho question. "You see for instance" —ho went on, addressing the solioitor, " were you not once a member of Parliament I" Quick and crushing came the retort. "And ao would you have beeo, if the electors hadn't nearly all voted against you ; for I believe, in point of fact, the only time you tried to get iu you for feited your deposit" The Lyrio Club scored a great success in its representations of Marjorie. Tho singing nil round was above the amateur standard. Rut tho greatest applause was not given to the singers or tho orchestra, but to the skirt danc ing, whioh was nightly oncored. The akirt dance is morely the Can Can Bowdlerisod. On the stago of thePrinooss'sor Bijou Theatre, akirt dancing byprofessionals.may bo passed without much criticism ; butitntfords food for thought that at an amateur performance 12 young ladies should bo allowed by their. : parents and guardians to kick up their hools anil show their limbs and receive more applause for such vagaries than that given to good music. The louder the applause the higher they kioked. It is often'foollshly quoted that "to the pure all things are pure." But tho purest and most foolish . person might well auk — What soit of wives and mothers tho society skirt dancers of Melbourno will make ? ATTICUS. 