[?] , J Mcwi( fojr CHAPTER XIII; — (Continued.) Since that last meeting Shadrach had been cudgelling Ms brains to devise some method of establishing his g uiltlessness, and he had almost decided uDon tile course he would pursue. That plan was to be as follows — When Saturday arrived he would go to the clergyman and induce him to go with him to his native town. There he would be able to introduce Mr Reade to any number of people who knew him intimately, and would testify that he was unmarried so far as their know ledge went. And as to his supposed residence in New- castle- under- Lyme and his alleged marriage there the vicar could make his own investi gations either by journeying there or by directing: inquiries to be made by the local authorities of that town. The«young miner was engrossed in these speculations when the night fireman walked upon the pit bank, and, pausing near the shaft, cried pleasantly, "Now, chaps, are yo' ready? It's after eight o'clock. Then he shouted to the engine- tenter, 44 Draw the cage up, Sherrington, owd lad." The large cage was drawn slowly up to the lauding plates, the night -men got in one by one, the fireman followed last of all, and then he gave the signal to descend, and the iron structure with its freight of living beings fell down the dark shaft with the rapidity of an arrow on the wing. There is no need to dwell upon the trivial ities of the earlier half of the night. Until supper- time the two miners with whom this story is concerned pursued their work with out break or incident of any kind worth mentioning. By a singular coincidence neither of the men had a drawer that night ; each was working alone, and save themselves not a soul was in that part of the mine. South- worth had dismissed his drawer in a fit of anger only a couple of days ago, and little Jack Bimeon was absent from work owing to illness. Therefore, both pitmen had to waggoa the coal to the shunt after hewing it, as old miners will understand. Shortly after twelve o'clock the night fire man had passed through the places on his customary visit of inspection, and, after a word or two with Shadrach had gone his way. And as the official disappeared alongside the edge of the goaf which led into David Southworth's place Deano threw down hi« pick and proceeded to have his 44 jackbit." As he sat there on the small heap of slack munching his cheese and bread, which he washed down with cold tea, be could hear the clear ring of Southworth's spade upon the hard floor as he filled his 44 tub." That little fact turned Deaue's thoughts in a direction they had not taken of late days, and when he came to think of it it seemed rather singular. How was it he wondered that he had never until that moment dreamed of connecting his rival with the appearance of the strange woman in Amberswood ? She conld have no interest in parting him and Nannie, but South worth had every reason to desire such a consummation. Was it not possible — nay, was it not even probable— that David Southworth was the un seen power which had urged Mary Worth- ington to do her villainous work 2 The thought that it might be so made Shadrach 'a blood boil with righteous wrath, and he re solved to charge his foe with his villainy ere the night was spent. With that resolution in his mind he finished his rough and ready meal and went back to tha face of coal, pondering how he was to begin his, conversation with South- worth when they met. That meeting and conversation were nearer at hand than Shadrach dreamed. Lven at that moment the Fates were bringing hiyn and his deadly enemy together. Deane had not been at work many minutes before he heard someone crawling np the side of the goaf which stretched between his place and that of Southworth's, and it was the night foreman returning he simply continued "holing." But presently the scrambling noise ceased, and a voice — the voice of David South worm — was heard asking in a quiet matter of fact tone, as if a wrong word had never been exchanged between himself and Deane : 44 Hallo theer, Shadrach ; han' yo getten a prop to give me 2 Hie roof is a bit rotten yonder, and ah couldn't find . annv props in the shunt." J F . " find a prop or two in the draw ing road if you want 'em," Shadrach replied as he recovered from his surprise and re sumed bis work. A minute later he saw David in the draw ing road, and then he suddenly resolved to have the matter out with him at that mo ment, as he east down bib pick, and went into the drawing road, "wait a moment. I want to epeak to you. " What ie it, Shadrach?" the other re plied, 8 till retaining lus fonner suavity of -manner and tone. Author of 44 Slaves of Fate," " A Miner's .Million," ' The White Gipsy," 44 A Pit Brow Lassie," etc. ' 44 How is it, Southworth, that you cannot let me and Miss Wilson alone ?" 44 What's up now ?" 44 You know — be a man for once and admit what I knew to he true." 44 Well, what is it?" 44 Why did you get that woman to swear to Nannie that she w& my wife, when you know it was an infamous tie ?" 44 1 know nothing of the woman !" David cried, hut with a look on his face that belied his words. 44 What woman are you talking about?" 44 You know — your face gives the lie direct to your denial. But your scheme will fail after all I" Shadrach cried, passionately. 44 Will it ?" Southworth exclaimed, hotly. 44 We'll see about that." 44 We shall, and if you do not get the woman to withdraw all she has said, I shall take proceedings against you both for slander. I mean it, by heaveu I do ! "What "do I care for you and your law! You and it may go to blazes for all I care." 44 If you get sent to gaol you will perhaps alter your opinion, my lad !" said Shadrach, bitterly. 44 Send me to gaol, would you ?" South- worth muttered, white-faced now with mad rage and jealousy. " Curse you, take that !" His great clenched fist shot out, and struck Shadrach en the head, sending him spinning to the floor- But Deane was not long prostrate. That savage blow from bis foe had converted the ordinarily peaceful man into a madman. shadrach ban at southworth with murder in his eyes and heart. With a hoarse oath he sprang to his feet, picked up a bar of iron that lay within reach, and ran at Southworth with, murder in his eyes and heart. For the moment the devil had possession of his soul. When the man who had struck the first blow saw his maddened rival rushing at him with that deadly weapon in his hands he turned tail and tried to fly. But he was too late. Ere he had taken more than a couple of strides Shadrach was upon him, and .the crow-bar had descended on his head with a sickening thud, and he crashed like a slain bull to the earth, and lay there dumb and bleeding. The murderous rage fled from Snadraoh's heart as quickly as it had flamed up when he saw the victim of his uncon trollable wrath stretched out before him ; and with a bursting hfart be sank beside the prostrate and lifeless body, wailing. 44 My God ! My Gdd ! I have killed him ! I am a murderer now ! What shall I do ? What shall I do ?" End of Part I. PART II.— THE ISLE OF GOLD. CHAPTER I. — The W aikanoota Rush. 44 Here we are, lads. Down with the traps, and let's mark out our claim !" Thespeaker was one of a party of three men who had just arrived at Waikanoota Gully, a rock-bound valley lying about twenty miles eastward of Hokitika, the capital of Westland County, New Zealand. He and his companions were gold diggers, and only that morning had they thrown up an old and unprofitable claim some miles away and joined in the rush to Waikanoota Gully, where, rumor said, that gold was to he scooped up in hneketsful. "All right, Seph," one of the first speaker's ehums answered. " Shall we un load the mule here ? What spot do vou fancy, old man?" J 44 Here— right here, Granby," the man addressed as Seph replied, as he glanoed around him. 44 This is right in the centie of the gulch, and the alluvial will be at its thickest hereabouts, or else I know nothing of gold digging. Unload the mule, and in with the egs at once." Seph's comrades needed no, verging to do tiie work which lay immediaty before them. . During the past fewmonths fortune had not looked favorably upon their .endeavors after gold, and the prospect of a f1® bably rioh, claim, had an. inspirto® hanuen upon each member of- the party at, tna® moment. Besides, they knew that parjjen!'"' spot was staked out forth witn some other crowd of wandering diggers might come up and interfere with the ground soldotd So they all set to work to unload the animal which bore theirtools, tent and other belongings, and while they are bo em ployed, a glanceonay be taken of their sur roundings. - Waikanoota Gully was a rook-bound valley half a hundred yards wide, and about a mile and three quarters longc Thousands of years before the stony grgo carved out by one or another of the Titan foroes of nature. Along the gulch ran a narrow stream orystally clear and icy cold, which Was fed in equal proportions by the frequent rains and thfolr mists and the waters of the melting glaciers which gathered eternally at the head of Mount Cook and his brother mountains, and slid for ever at their feet. The sides of the gully were almost sheer walls of rock, which rose for hundreds of feet, ledge after ledge, like great stops that had led to the summits of the snow-crowned giants which reared themselves in the centre of the island. But the rocky sides of the wild and wierd- lookmg glen wore not barren. Whenever a foothold could be found for vegetable life these plants flourished, and the steep walls of the gully presented a long stretch of the most . nhariring and vivid green and delicate greys to the eye. Here and there in boundless profusion lovely tree ferns and darker leaved shrubs luxuriated, running up the sides of the preci pices in long strips of vegetation until lost to view in the silvery mists which hung about the shoulders of the titanic hills. And here and there among the great masses of green feathery foliage the totara pines lifted their tapering stems, draped with all manner of fantasticslly-ehapedfestocnsof grey lichen, which contrasted prettily with the patches of black rock, the huge fern fronds, and scarlet blossoms of the rata which in places lit np the tangled growth of green with patches of intense color. At the head oLtfae gully a thin thread of silvery water leaped downward to feed the rivulet and beat itself with a musical murmur into spray on the ropks below, and at other points along the valley tittle cascades were tinkling down the liohen-covered walls. Three weeks before a couple of miners out proepeoting had discovered gold in the first panful of dirt they had washed in Waikanoota Gully ; and subsequent washings at different points had given equally fruitful results. Then the blood-stirring news had been scattered about, and the rush to Waikanoota Gully began; and in twenty-one days the quiet deserted gulch had been transformed into a small pandemonium composed of men of almost every nationality under the heavens, who were thirsting after the precious yellow metal. By the time our three friends reached the spot the place appeared like a small town or, perhaps a better phrase, would be a large fair, for between a thousand and fifteen hundred men of all sorts and conditions had taken up their temporary quarters in the gully. The majority of these wanderers had housed themselves in oanvas tents or rough huts of timber, and a few bpasted erections of light corrugated iron, while not a number had nothing to shelter them save a shaggy well-worn and too often dirty blanket. Most of the miners who were then rough ing it at Waikanoota had to'travel thither on foot and carry their belongings on generally wrapped up in the ever-present blanket. Diggers oau exist underalmostany conditions, provided that they have a good stout rug in which to enwrap themselves at night when they take their well -won sleep in the open besides a fire, and a pannikin and 44 billy" in which to boil their tea. The men at Waikanoota were a rough and ready lot, but not more rough and ready thaa one oould expeot to find at such a plaoe. They worked hard in the daytime seeking the auri- ferous ore, and if they found it in auv con siderable quantity they wished themselves and their chums good luok in one or other of the drinking saloons. Three weeks had transformed the deserted gulch into a town, with traders' stores, an hotel, a hank even, and whisky dens by the dozen. The finds of gold had been rather ex traordinary, and the boom had attracted every miner with a bad olaim who was within twenty miles. These men were still coming in by dozens, and in the course of a week or two every available inch of soil in Waikanoota Gully would be staked out. By the time Seph Dennett, George Granby and their remaining chum, Ike SheUoombe, had -staked out their claim and erected their conical house of oanvas the evening was ap. preaching. Behind the towering mountains the sun wq slowly sinking, and the level ted rays smote the glistening white-capped peaks and track less wastes of snow and ice below with a fire which spotted and streaked them as if with blood. The three ohums had just finished work, and were standing at the entrance to their tent. One of them, Ike ShelloomBe, was speaking. "Well mates," he remarked, with the nasal peculiarity of the true Yankee, 44 1 guess we've about finished that job, and that being so I vote thatwe liquor up. What do you say, Seph, old man r ' 44 1 was just thinking, Ike, of making a fire so that we could have a sope of tea," was the reply. 44 Never mind the fire," Granby broke in at this point, 44 at least not yet, Dennett. It's too early by a long way to torn out yet, and tea will keep. I'm of SheUoombe' s way of thinking. Let us go and have a drink. I suppose there must be quite a lot of fellows here that we know." 44 Well, I don't mind," Seph responded, and they all turned away from the tent and made their way towards the centre of the crowded settlement. Picking their way amid the multitude of diggings and diggers, the trio sauntered along. Many of the miners were ceasing operatiqns for the day, and with some of these our friends paused now and again to chat abont the claims. Most of those to whom they spoke gave glowing acooonts of their 44 finds," and this seemed to augur well for the success ef the ground they had taken up. The scene in the golly was of a lively and an interesting nature. Half of the flat patch of alluvial laud hemmgd in by the cliffs was already occupied and being rifled of its yellow treasures, and the remainder woulij, be taken up in the course of a week, for fresh batches of diggers were constantly arriving in gangs of twos, threes, fours and half- dozens. Here and there the red -shirt ed miners were standing about their holes, some of them winding up buckets laden with gold- bearing dirt, others washing the last panful of gravel and storing away the auriferous sand. At the mouth of many claims a small flag of red buatmg whs flapping idly in the even ing breeze, denoting that gold in payable quantities had been unearthed at ttosfe par ticular spots. In and about the broken ground the new arris a1 s were threading their way. making eager inquiries of the workers. The tradesmen's stores were tit np already, and doing a good business, and the saloons were driving a roaring trade in bad whiskey and other liquors, and Erglish bottled ale and stout. 44 Here's the place, I guess," said Ike SheUoombe, and he and his chums came upon a large structure of corrugated iron, over the large open doorway of which ran the legend M4Taggart's Ftflfc C'asa Hotel. "Comp a'ong toys, and let's sample the Britisher's poison." They went inside together and found a motley assemblage gatheiei about the long bar. They ordered drinks and stood chatting amongst themselves, glancing meanwhile hither and thither about the place and making oasual observations concerning the various diggers they knew in the crowd. Presently George Granby nudged each of his chums sharply in the ribs with his elbow, and said : 44 Look over there at the further end of the room. There's that old 4 hatter' again — Maori Dick, don't you call him ? " Seph's eyes and those of Ike were turned in the direction Granby had indicated, and they recognised at once the notorious character to whom their chum had alluded. Maori Dick was a gaunt feUow of forty-five or fifty, ill-clad, unkempt and of a generally uninviting aspect. To look at the wretched creature one would not have given a brass farthing for the man, either moraUy, physi cally or intellectually. But Maori Dick was worth more than he appeared to be. When he Bpoke one conld detect in his speech and manner traces of a refinement and education which testified that he had lived a higher life somewhere, and at some time not remotely distant. What the man's real name was no one in the island conld tell, nor wbere he hailed from originally, for when sober he could never be got to speak of either himself or his past ; and when drunk, which was often, he was not to be pumped by the most cunning digger in all New Zealand. For the past ten years the miserable fellow had been knocking about the various gold towns in Westland County, and he wa3 familiar as the sun to eveiy old digger within forty miles. Once a week Maori Dick would turn up in one or other of the noted diggings, and after having had a big and deep " drunk" would disappear for a handful of days, to be seea no more of men and the world until the drinking fit tras upon him again. But the strangest part ef the business was this : Although no digger of all the thou sands on the South Island had ever seen Dick handle either a pick, shovel or cradle, he was always flush of money when he frequented the common haunts of men. Where the man got his money from WOT a mystery to all, and not a lew theories had been originated in order to explain the puzzle. Some believed that Maori Dick was a scapegrace member df an aristocratic family in old England, and that his relatives pain him handsomely to keep away from home ; while others there were, who averred that Dick wassimply an idle digger who had made his pile years ago, and was now spend ing it after the fashion which appeared best to himself and, again, not a few diggers hinted that the disreputable sot who threw his gold about so recklessly wben 41 on the spree" had struck a rich hole somewhere and was working it secretly. When questioned on the point Dick would tug with a dirty hand at the ragged sheaf of grizzled hair at his ohin and emit a low, dry, cynical chuckle. Most frequently that wis his only answer, but occasionally he would remark, after askdng his interlocutor to hare a drink, that his pile was safe, and that he meant to 44 blue it before he passed in his checks." Maori Dick was already half drank, and he was pressing everyone about him to drain their Gaps shdT have another with him - Cat three Mends only escaped Ida invitation be cause they were out of the field of his obsoorod vision. . 44 There is something about that fellow I cannot fathom for the very life of me," George Granby mattered in a reflective way to his companions. "That is so, boss, tire Yankee drawled, in answer. " I reckon, pard, that I can take the measure of most men, bat Dick there I somehow can't get a grip of." 44 One thing is certain about him, Shell- combe," Granby returned, in a positive tone. 44 And what may that be, ole man ?" Ike queried, as he filled his lank, hairless jaws with a mammoth ping of tobacco. "He's a university man — a thousand pounds to a hayseed on that. He's of good birth, too, or I'm a Josser. Haven't you noticed at times how well fnodolated his voioe is, and how correct is bis English? There's a mystery about Maori Dick that I'd give a trifle to get to the bottom of. What do you say, Seph ?" I'm wi' hyou there," was Dennett's ready response. 44 That chap has a story like most of us I suppose, hut what it is I cannot even imagine. Bat I do know that he Is a very generous fellow in spite of his dirt, drink and beastliness in general." 44 How do you reckon that up, Britisher 7" asked the American. "I guess Dick's generosity rnns to a liquor as it does with the lot of us." 44 Oh no, Ike," Seph remonstrated. 14 Wait till I tell you what happened two or three years ago, when I first met Dick at Hokitika. He had been on one of his great eprees there when I first ran against him, and had painted the whole town red, as you may readily suppose. But his druuk ou that occasion had been a bigger and more lengthy one than usual, eveu with him. " I was hanging round the place, doing nothing in particular, having just finished a good paying hole up Kabonaga way, where the gold had given out, and was waiting for the next rash. 44 Being flash, I was taking things pretty easy, and while doing the rounds of the whisky hells, I came across Dick there, and had not a few drinks with him. He's an awfolly good-natured fellow when in liquor, and he seemed to take to me somehow. At all events, he wanted me to go on the rampage with him, and offered to find all the rhino for the fun. 44 Of course, I declined, for I wasn't without a nice little heap of dust of my own at that time, and Maori Dick con tinued to paint the town crimson on his own hook. 11 One day when his dust had run out and the bar-tenders of the various saloons were refusing to give him a booze on tick, he met with an accident— got blocked out in the street by a passing cart and had his leg broken. 44 There the poor devil was stranded and helpless after running through forty or fifty pounds worth of dust in a dozen days or thereabouts. 1 found him lying in a den where he had been carried, and with no one near who cared a tinker's curse whether he rotted to death or not." 44 And yon, Seph," Granby asked, as Dennett paused in Iris recital to wet his whistle with a drop of whisky. " What did you do?" " What did I do 7 What could I do ? I had the wretched devil taken to the best hotel in all Hokitika and p'aoed under proper medical attendance ; and I gave the doctor to understand that I would pay for everything — in fact, I did pay in advance — and I told him to spare nothing." 44 And then, Seph ?" asked Granby, who had become interested in the story, 44 what happened afterwards?" " I left the town in a harry to join in some gold rush then on up Taurangi way, and didn't see Dick until thirteen or fourteen months afterwards. And when we met again things were upside down with me, you can bat. I and a chum had been working like niggers for months in a God-forsaken hole at Taurangi and hadn't found enough gold iu the cradles during all that time to keep us with dry tommy. " And to make matters as infernally had as they could be my old chum, Roger Wolfendale, took the fever and died. When I had buried him I was stone-broke both in pocket and in spirit — hadn't a copper to curse or bless myself with, and credit for neither a bite nor sap. 44 I was just thinking of chucking digging there and then and for ever, and of begging my way to Otago, where I might torn laborer at five bob a day, when who should I run against at the door of a saloon bat Maori Dick. " He was on the ( go,' as usual, but he was sober enough to recognise me at once, and to grip me fast. It didn't take me long to tell him how things stood with me, and before I knew what I was doing I was in side the place, and had the bast the saloon could offer in the way of eatables and drink- RIDIes1' 44 Good old hoss !" quoth tfce Yankee, with a sparkle in his small eyes. " There's grit in the heathen after all. I reckon 1 owe that ©Id tellow a drink." - 44 Bat that wasn't all, Shallcombe," Seph went on. Before we parted ,Dick dropped five and twenty quid into my hands, mid when I wanted to talk about repayment or Wim wanting some of it he simply ran away and left me. Since then I have met him many a time, and have offered him repay ment. Bat I shall never do so again." 44 How's that, pard," the Yankee de manded, somewhat sharply. 44 Because I do not want to insult him," was Seph's reply. " Dow as Maori Dick ap pears to have fallen, the heart of a man still beats in his breast, no matter how much he may try to hide the fact by making a beast of himself. The last time I ventured to speak to him aboutthe money he implorelme with tears in his eyes— the first time I or anyone else over saw him betray any sign of feeling — never again to offer , him that crowning insult after what I had done for him in Hokitika." if I should like to shake the old vagabond by the hand I" Gramby burst forth. " There's better stuff ih that old demoralised savage than all the gang he is treating there at the bar 1" n Tm frith you there, pard, drawled Tke, uf he munched his mouthful of thick twist. ,I I guess I shall have to-makeMaori Dick's acquaintance just for the sake of telling him' thathe's a darned heap befcter than l used to think him.'' v : V Then you'll have a chance how, chums," Dennett cried suddenly, 4 ' for Dick's coming over here, I can see. He's spotted me — here he comes." So it was. The tsB, gaunt, neglected- looking fellow came across the place at a gallop, and was wringing Seph Dennett's fist in his own ere the others scarcelv realised it. j 1 How are you, Seph, my boy ?" the half- tipsy vagrant cried loudly. 44 All right, I can see. Yes, I'm on the rampage again, and mean to do the thing well on this especial occasion. Maori Dick doesn't count the cost when he is ont for a holiday. Are these friends of years, Seph ? If they are I should like to feel their hands." Seph presented his comrades in an off- hand way, and the mysterious reveller continued, ".Glad to meet you all, gentlemen — you specially, Seph. I want to tell you something some day. But that's not the question now. It's my shout this time, so give your special poison a name." The drinks were ordered and supplied, and as they sipped them they engaged in con versation respecting the gully and its deni zens. 44 Been here long, gentlemen ?'' Maori Diok asked as he poised his tumbler of whisky and soda on high, and watched the sparkling effervescent bubbles with the glance of a connoisseur. " We only joined the rush this after noon," said Dennett. 44 Have you been here long ?" " Just a few days only, and I was thinking of moving ; but I shall stay a little longer now for the pleasure of your company. If you gentlemen will only help me to" melt the dust you will confer an inestimable benefit upon yours faithfully. What do " Maori Dick's speech was broken off abruptly, and his face changed color with the quickness of a lightning flash. His attention had been arrested by the voices of some new arrivals, and at one of these, a dark-bearded, sturdily-formed man of fifty, he stared as if a ghost or devil were confronting Mm. Then without a word he turned, drained Ms glass to the dregs, and tried to slip out of the saloon. But he was not quick enough. Ere he reached the wide, gaping doorway a burly form dashed forward, and strong revengeful hands gripped him tightly. Maori Dick's assailant was the dark-bearded stranger at whom he had stared with fear and amaze, and the man's voice was ringing huskily, passionately, savagely, through the saloon. "You damnable hound," the stranger hissed with his fingers at Dick's throat. " At last I have found you. How I'll wipe out your sin with your life. Stir a foot if you dare, and I'll put a bullet through your infernal carcase." Li a moment all was clamor and confusion. The diggers rushed in a crowd towards the straggling men, all agog with wonder as to the cause of the sudden encounter. (to be continued.) 