THE CENTRAL DIVISION LEASES. The Minister for Lands, under pressure of an adjournment motion moved by a Government supporter last night, promised that -"if the ghost of an opportunity" presented itself, ho would, oeioro tno session closou, introduce a bill dealing with the Central Division leases now in their last year of currency. Whether tho political miracle of raising from its grave any of the slaughtered op portunities of the past will be wrought for this purpose was a point, however, upon which ho spoko in terms of pronounced scepticism, But in any case Mr. Cope- land made it clear that he would go no further than to provide for maintaining things in their present condition until the new Parliament had a chance of dealing with tho whole matter upon a compre hensive basis. Out of all this the country may extract what comfort it can. The amount will not certainly be great, but had Mr. Copeland promised more he would under the circumstances have laid himself open to the suspicion of meaning even still less. Had there been any great desire to deal with the Central Division lessees in the present Parliament, the Minister woidd not be seen now mooning about, in the dim twilight of its existence, after a ghost of one of the dead opportunities which while li\ing he ignored. The matter would have been settled in one way or another while settle ment was possible. By the bulk of tho people the serious ness of tho position created by this shirk ing of its responsibilities on the part ot Parliament scarcely seems to be realised. There arc in the Central Division about j 18| million acres of land, including much of the best in the colony, held under leases which will for the most part expire withiu the present year. Upon many of these holdings valuable improvements exist by virtue of which, . under the forty-third section of the Act of 1889, applications for re newal have been lodged. Whether the lessees are entitled to demand re newals on this ground is a moot question which has yet to be settled. If they have, as tho law will operate in all districts alike, it may mean the further locking up in shccpwalks of some of the most valu able land in the colony. If they have not, it means that in a few months from now the whole of tho squatters of the Central Division will be reduced to what is virtually a weekly tenancy of their holdings. This is the state of uncertainty which we arc to have continued until the election of the new Parliament, which event cannot take place till towards the middle of tho year. What complications may then present themselves to block the comprehensive measure of land legislation which will be its heritage from the present House no one can foretell. In the meantime the one great productive industry upon which the country is now mainly dependent for reviving its prosperity at lioine and maintaining its credit abroad must remain in a shite of partial paralysis. The stag nation of capital caused by this un certainty is one of the main factors in perpetuating the present industrial de pression. Men are flocking into the city from all directions looking for work, simply because in the existing state of the. land law 110 Central Division lessee dare employ them. On the other hand, selec tors who are ready to take up the land for agricultural use can get no idea as to what areas are likely to he available, and, like the squatters, they can do nothing but stand uy illiu W(Ul» 1110 IabllU U1 UVUUlb. J.L In llic necessity of putting an end to this state of inert perplexity, in which unemployed capital and labor 'stand idly looking at each other, that makes the question of the Central Division leases rank amongst the. most urgent of those now before tho country. As to the basis of settlement, that is not to bo decided by interested extremists on cither-side. The contention that it is necessary to renew the whole of the leases should carry 110 more weight than tho demand to have them all thrown open. Sir. Copeland was emphatic last night in declaring that 110 measure would emanate from him in this or any other Parliament for the purpose of turning tho whole of the central division into a happy hunting ground for tho "professional selector." Neither would ho consent to lock up any land for want of which bona-fidc agricul tural settlement was kept in check. Those are the safe lines. It is manifestly absurd for anyone to contend that tho 18 million acres under lease in the central division are all wanted immediately for the plough. There is, however, little force in Mr- Copeland's argument that because tho selectors of the country have only culti vated a small percentage of their present holdings, all the demands of agricultural settlement arc provided for. The reason why so little is cultivated is that they cannot always get tho land which it would best pay to cultivate. There is abundance of land between .the Lachlau and the Murray upon which the country sustains a distinct loss through its being devoted to pastoral purposes, wliileseleetorsare obliged to try and make a living 011 inferior soil at a greater distance from market. The timo has come when all of this area should be thrown open, but further north different conditions begin to apply, and in dealing with the leases these should ho considered as they arise. In parts of Itiverina at tho present time it is a well- known fact that land leased from tho Government by squatters at pence per acre is sublet to farmers at more than tho same number of shillings. One instance is mentioned of a squatter who pays fivcpcnce, and sublets at from 12s 6d up to as high as £1 per acre. The fact of such " sweating " us this existing— worse than anything known in manufacturing contracts — is clear proof that the wrong occupiers arc in the wrong places, and that some sweeping changes, at all events in the Riverina district, are imperatively called for. It is not a question of turning one class out to out another class in. :is sonic members argued last night. It is a question of making tlie people's land yield tho best possible return to the neoule. 