KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] PART II. CHAPTER IV.—(Continued.) Six years had passed since that tragic day, when he had looked upon Katherine Danger- field's dead face, and those six yeara had made him an old man. Remorse, terror, nerves, dyspepsia, be it what it might — the fact remained : Sir Peter Dangerfield, at six and thirty, was an old man. He was one of those fleshless, sallow people, who naturally age fast, and since his marriage the change for the worse had been twice as apparent as before. His pale, sunken eyes looked paler and dimmer than ever, he walked with an habitual stoop, he shut himself up with dry as- dust books, and insects, and fossils, and had little to say to anybody. The resident gentry of the neighbourhood had instinctively shunned him since his accession to Scarswood. Strangers looked with a sort of contemptuous pity at the dried up, shriveled, pitiful master of this grand domain, and he shrank away from those humiliating glances with morbid pride. The desire of his heart was his — Katherine Dangerfiold was in her grave ; he had had his revenge and his triumph; but never in the days of his most abject poverty had he been half so miserable as now. Of Mrs. Vavasor he had never heard since that night upon which he had paid her price, and they had parted. In Paris or Baden, under some new name, she was enjoying her- self after her own fashion, upon the proceeds of her plotting. Of all the actors in that dark tragedy of Scarswood, only himself remained. Mr. Henry Otis shortly afterward removed to London, with all his belongings, and with Gaston Dantree. " Katherine Dangerfield left him in my charge," the young assistant said. " In my charge he remains until he is able to take care of himself." " Whether or not that time had ever come, Sir Peter had never discovered. Mr. Otis never returned to Castleford, and it was a subject he was chary of mentioning, or think- ing of even. It came to him in dreams — bad, disturbing dreams, engendered partly by an evil conscience, partly by heavy English din- ners. In his waking hours, the dream of his life was to banish it. And lo ! in one of the hours when he had most succeeded, a woman, a stranger, stood before him — horribly, un- naturally like — Katherine Dangerfield ! ''Living, I will pursue you to the end of the earth. Dead, I will return, if the dead can !'' He had never forgotten those words —words only spoken in a girl's impotent passion, in her knowledge of the cowardly and superstitious nature she had to deal with. Words that were but a weak woman's mean ingless threat, but which, from the hour he looked upon her dead face, had returned to him with ghastly force. Would Miss Herncastle be at dinner ? That was the one thought uppermost in his mind as he made his own toilet. He kept no valet or body-servant of any kind. Valets were expensive, thievish, and prying. None of the tribe should spy upon him, and help devour his substance.. My lady was enor- mously extravagant. Retrenchment must begin somewhere. Rich with silver, sparkling with crystal, white with linen, gay with flowers, the round dinner- table looked a picture as he came in. Through the long French window, open to the lawn, the perfume of my lady's rose garden, the magnolias, and clematis came. A silver gray mist lay over the park, a faint new moon glimmered! up in the blue, a nightingale sang its plaintive vesper chant in the green gloom of the trees, and far off the shine of the summer stars lay upon the sea. And within the gas was lighted in all the crystal globes and silver branches, and my lady, dressed in one of Worth's most ravishing masterpieces, though there were no gentlemen to admire but her uncle and husband, looked a fit goddess to preside at the feast. Lord Ruysland, bland, urbane, suave, smooth, was faultlessly attired, and with a rose in his button-hole. Lady Cecil, in gold brown silk, the hue of her eyes, was also there ; but not Miss Herncastle. Sir Peter drew a long breath of relief. ''I might have known it,'' he muttered. ''My lady isn't the one to dine with her nursery governess, company or no company, I shall see very little of her, that's evident, and I'm glad of it. What the devil does the woman mean looking like — like ? '' He did not care to speak the name even to himself ; but ignore them as we may, there are things that will not be forgotten. This was one. Miss Herncastle was not present at the dinner-table, but the phantom face of the dead was. In spirit Katherine Danger- field was at his elbow,, and he ate and drank like a man in a gloomy dream. '' You're not looking well, my dear Danger- field,'' my lord of Ruysland said. '' You positively are not. You lose flesh, you lose spirit, you lose appetite. It is evident that the air of Scarswood does not agree with you. Take my advice and go abroad.'' His lordship was right. The air of Scars- wood did not agree with Sir Peter Dangerfield, and never would. ''Go to Germany and try the mineral waters. Change of scene and tonics are what you want. By all means, Dangerfield, go abroad and try the waters. Beastly stuff, I admit, but of use; sir —of use.'' He needed waters certainly — the waters of Lethe— had that fabled river existed in Ger- many. He was almost entirely silent at dinner — silent still ''across the walnuts and the wine,'' but in the drawing-room, after dinner, he suddenly found his tongue. His wife was practising some new music sent to her by Major Frankland, whose one weakness it was to fancy himself a modern Mozart, and bore his friends to death with his own compo- sitions. Lord Ruysland had composed himself for a comfortable slumber in a sleepy, hollow arm-chair, and Lady Cecil, pensive and pale, stood gazing out at the luminous starry dusk listening to the nightingale's song, to the call of the deer in the park, to the soft summer murmur in the trees. ''Lady Cecil, is Miss Herncastle's hair brown or black ?'' From her waking dream, a sharp piping voice at her elbow asking this abrupt question, aroused her. She glanced round, glanced down, for she was the taller of the two, and saw the pinched, yellow face of little Sir Peter. Now Lady Cecil, out of the greatness of a generous heart, had an infinite pit for all inferior, all persecuted, all long suffering tiungs And she pitied Sir Peter greatly. His wife treated him with about half a quarter of the respect and affection she felt for Bijou, and would have bewailed the death of the dog much the deeper of the two. He looked sickly and miserable : he had no friends, no companions ; he was, in her eyes, a poor little, imposed upon, persecuted martyr, borne instinct told him she was his friend and in his trouble he came to her now She would not laugh at him, she would not repeat what he said, and he must confide in- some one or die. '' My dear Sir Peter, how you startled me ! I was thousands of miles away, I believe when you spoke. What did you say ? Miss Herncastle — what ?'' '' I asked you if Miss Herncastlo had long light-brown hair ?'' A curious question, surely. Lady Cecil's soft, fawn-coloured eyes opened a little. ''For its length, I cannot answer. Who can tell who has long or short hair in these days of false tresses. Of the color I can speak positively. It is black— jet black.'' ''You are sure, Lady Cecil ?'' '' Certain, Sir Peter. And her eyebrows and eyelashes are of the same dense dark ness.'' '' And her eyes, Lady Cecil— are they gray ?'' '' Still harping on my daughter !'' laughed La Reine Blanche. '' Yes, Sir Peter, they are gray — very dark — very large— very fine. You certainly appear to take a most extraordinary interest in Ginevra's new governess. Resembles, doubtless, some one you have known ?'' ''Resembles ; that is not the word for it. I tell you, Lady Cecil'' — in a voice of deep suppressed intensity — ''it is the same face, the same — the same. Older, graver, deeper, changed in some things — but the same. The face of Katherine Dangerfield !'' The name had not passed his lips for years. His eyes had a glitter, his whole face an excitement, his voice an intensity she had never known before. She drew back from him a little, yet curious and interested too. ''Katherine Dangerfield. Yes, I have heard the story. It was in the papers years ago, and Ginevra told me of her at the time of her marriage. A very sad story — a very sad fate. She lost all — fortune, name, father, and her affianced husband, on her wedding-day. And a week after she died. It is the saddest story I think I ever heard. What a dastard, what a cowardly dastard that man must have been ! What became of him, Sir Peter ?'' ''I don't know, I have never asked — I never cared. I was not to blame — no one has a right to blame me. I only took what was lawfully my own — she had no shadow of right to Scarswood. How could I tell she would die ? Other women lose their fathers, their husbands, their fortunes, and live on. How did I know it would kill her ? I say again,'' his voice rising shrill, and high, and angry, ''no one has a right to blame me !'' ''And no one does blame you, Sir Peter. Why should they ? Of course you could not foretell she would die ? The only one to blame was that wretch who deserted her. She was ready to give up everything for him — to take him, poor and obscure as he was, and love him, and give him all, and in the hour of her ruin he deserted her. Oh, it was a shame, a shame ! And Ginevra's governess really resembles this poor dead young lady so strongly ?'' ''It is horrible, I tell you — horrible ! I thought I saw a ghost when she rose up before me three hours ago. Lady Cecil, do you believe in ghosts ?'' He asked the question abruptly, and with perfect gravity. Lady Cecil laughed. ''Believe in ghosts ! My dear Sir Peter, who does believe in ghosts in the nineteenth century ? I fancy the ghosts of Banquo and Hamlet's father are the only ghosts ever seen in England now. Like the fairies, they crossed to Germany centuries ago.'' ''Have you read Scott's ' Demonology ?' and Mrs. Crowe's 'Night Side of Nature,' Lady Cecil ?'' ''And Mrs. Radcliffe's raw- head-and-bloody- bones romances ! Oh, yes, Sir Peter, I have gone through them all.'' '' And still you don't believe ?'' '' And still I don't believe. When I see a ghost hona fide and in — no, out of the flesh— I shall yield ; not sooner. But why do you ask ? Surely, Sir Peter, you don't believe in anything so absurd ?'' ''Who can vouch for its absurdity ? Lady Cecil, yes — I do believe that the spirits of the dead return." Lady Cecil looked at him, half laughing, half-dismayed, and gave a little feminine shiver. ''Good gracious ! how German you grow ! This comes of living alone, with blinded eye sight 'poring over miserable books,' as Tenny- son says. Now, Sir Peter, I am sceptical. I want proof. But I am open to conviction. Did you ever see a ghost ? That is what alchemists call a ' crucial test.' In the dead waste and middle of the night do spirits from the vasty deep come to make darkness hideous?'' (To be continued.) 