A WOMAN'S WIT. During the assizes held in a Southern city the court wm crowded to ita utmost capacity, while an impatient mass of "swaiying" humanity outside awaited the Terdict. It was a case of phenomenal interest. Two young fellows of good birth, oompanions since childhood, hsd set themselves to earn fame and fortune, orthe latter at least, in their native place-Albert Musgrave as an artist, Herbert Cadson as a doctor. Their love for each other was brotherly—yet love was the gulf which separated them. Both had been fascinated with the charms of a sunny-haired, bright-eyed, laughing picture of beauty. Her admirers were legion, but her favors were pretty equally bestowed between Musgrave and Oadson. One morning people were horrified with a report of a murder. Musgrave had been shot in his studio. A revolver WU found on tho table a few inches from the dead body. The bullet, which after passing throngh his head had lodged in the wall opposite, exsctly fitted the chamber, and was precisely similar to the others which the revolver contained. Both revolver and cart ridge! were proved to have been bought by Gadson within twenty-four hours of the murder. He was known to have been at the house about the time the crime had been committed. All these things he fully admitted. Only one fact lie denied, but this was the eridenoe that chiefly condemned him. Edna Dygsrt, the charmer, through jealousy of whom he was supposed to have committed the murder, swore to seeing him close to the house; indeed, she had spoken to him, bnt he strangely enough had passed her, refusing to speak. The general evidence against him was so overwhelming that there conld be no doubt of the issue. The prisoner had condemned himself by his own admissions, yet he emphatically asserted his innocence. The. event foi day of the trial came. Counsel had labored for and against. The judge had summed up the points of the case; the jury retired to consider. The breathless hush of suspense was oppressive. The angel of death seemed almost visible. Presently a door opened. Twelve men entered and solemnly took their seats. "Gnilty or not guilty?" " Gnilty I " A piercing shriek, awful from its burden of agony, rang throngh the oonrt, and Edna's uuoonscions form was borne ont. For the first time the prisoner quailed. All through the trial he had behaved with almost callous coolness. Her voice unmanned him. He buried his face in his hands, groaning aloud and trembling violently. With an effort he regained his manly bearing. When asked if he had any reason to state why sentence of death should not be passed on him, he drew, himself up, and in a firm, clear voice said,— "To-day my words are an empty sound; one day they will hare great power, though they will come back from the cold depths of the tomb. I am innooent. No man will believe me. I speak for the future, because I believe an Avenging Justice, with unerring aud irresistible aim, will bring truth to light Then I wish you to remember my words. Then Herbert Cadson, who now stands with the shameful curse of a murderer on liis head, will hare the halo of a martyr." The sentence of death was passed, the judge's roice being scarcely audible amfdit women's sobs. One person alone seemed nnaffejted. With the quiet demeanor of > hero, Herbert folded his arms to receive his doom withont a quiver. To the last momentous words, "May the Lord hare mercy on yonr goal!" he responded with a firm bat reverent " Amen." Ur barter, Herbert's solicitor, was disturbed in bis office by a young lady whom he at first fai'ed to recognise as Edna. .What a marvellous change! Her haggard face, large eyes looking larger from their sunken sockets, the fierce determined expression of her face, made the old lawyer betray his surprise in spite of himself. Wu this the airy, smiling creature of a few days ago 7 She had aged yean. He invited her to a seat, then inquired the object of her visit. •'To free Herbert Carlson. He is innocent, and I have discorered the culprit". The lawyer looked at her, bat did not speak. " Perhaps yon think me mad. Well, I hare not been far from it. While yon men hare pitied hitn and' wondered, I, a weak woman, hare worked," "Have yon any eridence of yonr Btatement?" "Ample. The mnrderer has a foot two inches longer than Herbert's. He wore a pair of old goloshes with a cat across the left sole. Herbert never pos awesed. each things. On that night he wore a light suit; the other fellow wore a dark tweed Bait with a red thread, rather a peculiar kind of material, lighter in weight, and mnch cheaper." "How in the name of all that is rational did yon learn this ?" " Thereby hangs my tale. I beliered Herbert to be innocent. Common sense told me crime always learea a trace for those who wish to sea. No one ever aonght. They were satisfied with super ficial appearances. Knowing the land lord, 1 obtained permission to see the boose. I searched for hoars withont ■aocess. I was yielding to despair and wandered back into the garden. Sud denly Fido capered aboat me with some thing in his month. It was a handker chief. I took it. A fiance made my ' heart stop—blood stains. I examined the handkerchief as a forlorn digger would gold dost. It waa a woman's. It was marked 'P. H., -Somber fonr.' I re3ognised it, and knew the owner. I ■melt it. What a peculiar scent. I Xenewed my Bearch -with rigor. It wan erf-lent the criminal hai escaped by tie back gate. Reviving hope fired me Inch by (nuh I scrutinised doors, walls windows, anyt&ng; and everrthing, large and small. For three days I hunted unceasingly. "My total discovuries were tome threads of cloth torn of? while squeezing throngh a small window, blood stains on the cash arising from a cat with a rosty nail in the wood, footprints on the ground beneath the window. The ground was toft enough to receive an impression. Very close examination revealed a peculiar imprint with a ent across. An inspiration dawned npon me —goloshes! From these linkt how ihonld I form a chain P First, the iwndkerohiaf. I want te Layoock*!, the Chemist. Ht imuaekei Mi ihop, bat oould mk filSd tie s sfwrt'litfit.' I shot an arrow a-fif -fiat-are ant. eM-^ " ' Yon sold some to Miss Harvey, I think?' ""Oh, yes; I know now, I got that especially for her. I am sorry I have none left.' I reeled ont of the shop. I waa on the track. 'P. H. -were Priscilla Har- vey's initials; this was her handker chief. I went straight to her house. During my stay I feigned losing my handkerchief. She lent me the exact counterpart of the one I had found save that it was marked Number seven. I twitted her that she was in the habit of lending her handkerchiefs to gentlemen. She laughed and blushed I bantered her into confession. She had never lent but one. She told me to whom. I voluntarily jumped from my chair, but had enough self-control to recover myself, pretending I had assumed astonishment "Now I had fairly run down my game. How should I get into his house ? Providence aided me. You are an old man, and have known me from infancy, so I can speak freely to you. At one time he paid me such attention that I had to ignore him. I knew his landlsdy well, a garrulous old dame. I fear that I am naturally wicked, for my plan was formed immediately. Entice him with softest words and all your resources of fascination. From him and the old woman you will learn and obtain aIL "I .ma-ceded beyond my wildest hope. I need not wary you with the details. By dint of coaxing and pre sents I induced the old dame to let me do as I pleased. I talked to her of Herbert till her bead was turned. Then I made her my confidante. I wanted to make ber lodger a pair of slippers "with out his knowledge. She offered me a pair to measure. No. I knew he had a pair of goloshes somewhere. Conld I steal them for a day or two ? Buried in a corner of the wardrobe I fonnd a pair. I turned them up. There was a cut across tbe sole of the left foot. I trem bled so violently I nesrly let them drop. I took them to Mnsgrave's honse ; they fitted the prints exactly. I have had the scrapings of the sole of the footprint analysed by the chemist, «vho says they are identical " I have traced the suit of clothes, and can prove the purchaser and date of purchase. Bnt one thing remains un done. I swore I saw Herbert three minutes after tbe murder close to the back of the house. As Herbert is dark and the culprit is light he must have disguised himself; Which proves design. A local hairdresser says he lent the game man some wigs, whiskers, and so on, for private theatricals. Certainly no private theatricals have taken place, while he had them before and returned after the date of the murder, so they were in his possession then. Concerning the deed itself, you know Herbert swore he left the revolver with Musgrave an hour before." You astound me, a girl like you, with such astuteness! It passes my comprehension." " Don't you think I have good grounds for his arrest ?" " Certainly. Who is he ?" \- Mr Satley, the curate," Mr Garter fairly leaped from his chair with an irreverent expression of surprise. It took him some little time to subside into his usual calm. Then lie sent for the inspector of polioe, putting all details into his possession. Two hours after the officer returned to Mr Carter's sanctum with a somewhat gloomy faoe. " It is all orer, Mr Carter." " What, has he oonfeased ?" " Yet, in words and action. I was going up to Mr Satley's honse when I saw him ooming. He was in a great harry, (Tarrying a portmanteau. This, with his face, made me think he knew we were after him. Miss Edna wu rery smart, bat she should hare consulted ns before she took those goloshes. Women are so impulsive. Well, I followed him. As I expected, he went to the railway station. I touched him and advised him not to bay a ticket, ss he wonld waste his money. He tamed paler than Ham let's ghost. "' God help me. Iwu mad! It wu all for hsr,' hs said, in a quivering voice. ' Please do not handcuff me,' he implored. "' Very well, Mr Batley,' I replied. "Jost then the' shriek of an express whistle made me start. He dropped his bag and dashed acroes the platform, I after him. He won the race. I lost a prisoner. He jumped clean on to the buffers, which hnrled him off like a football, orer and orer. His body is lying at the mortuary now." Every cloud has a silver lining. The sunshine of this narrative is seen in two faces which reflect the joy of love united, so nearly destroyed by shame and death. 