BROKEN LINKS: A LOVE STORY. By MRS. ALEXANDER, Author of 'The Wooing O't,' 'Forging the Fetters,' *' The Admiral's Ward,' ' A Crooked Path,' 'Her Dearest Foe,' &c.;, [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rlgbce reserved.! Chapter XI. — ( Continued. J There is a kind of special freedom about dinner at a restaurant, a sort of elegant Bohemianism hangs about it and Mrs. Grand y'6 grasp is for the moment relaxed. Though she had been startled by .Lady Seville's remarks, Janet's deeply-rooted loyalty had taken up arms at once in defence of her husband and had thus strenerthened her own eouL How could Lady Saville compare that coarse, cynical, unpleasant Sir Frederic to Randal, who was eo fastidiously rennea : jx&naai; mignn nave little inequalities of temper, but who was per fect ? Shu (Janet) had better occupy herself extracting the beams of error which obstructed her own mental vieion than fidget over the motes in her husband's optics. She could not explain why, but this visit to town— the little change of scene and occupation— seemed to have done her a wonderful amount of good. She felt more like her old light-hearted, fearless self than she had done for many a day. Tbe truth was, she had not to study her words or neigh the tendency of her sentences — what came into her mind she spoke unhesi tatingly and found herself surprisingly fluent. It was a very pleasant dinner. Monti Douclas was a well-known man about town, the scantily-endowed younger son of a Scotch peer; Major Phillips, a soldier right through, who had been more in India than in London, a good specimen of the kind of man produced by the upper class bourgeoisie. He was greatly amused by the gossip and chaff whioh was tossed to and fro. ' I hear you mention Langford,' he said as tbe waiters handed round the dessert. ' We have a young fellow from Langford in South shire in 'Ours' who has just saved the colonel's life by a lucky shot. His name is Wynyard — Maurice Wynyard.' ' He is the son of our vicar, 'returned Janet, deeply interested. ' He was a playfellow of mine. lam very glad to hear about him.' ' He is a quiet youngster, but he has his wits about him. The colonel is a curious old chap. He is touched with esoteric Buddhism, whatever that is, and believes, they say, in lucky stars and lucky men and a lot more. A regular old fire-eating lion ; tbe men would follow him into the jaws of helL I beg your pardon.3 ' Pray, don't mind,' returned Lady Saville sweetly. ' We have whittled hell down to a mere refined inferno nowadays.' Major Phillips stared and laughed. ' An first the colonel seemed not to notice him, but suddenly he took a turn in his favor and took young Wynyard out to hunt with him. Just before I started we had an account from the hills where the colonel and Wynyard were having sport. It seemed they had been tracking a man-eating tiger, when he turned up suddenly a good bit too near and sprang on the colonel, but before he had him on the ground Wynyard sent a shot into the beast's ear, so Colonel Drummond got off with a few scratches. If Wynyard hadn't fired JTmtun. taneocsly he would as likely as not have winged Drnmmond. He must have plenty of nerve and be a capital shot ; anyhow, it was a close shave.' ' I remember hearing my father say that Maurice was a good shot long ago,' replied Janet. 'I hope this adventure will prove fortunate to him.' ' There is no doubt it will. In spite of his crotchets the colonel stands well with the mill car j powers that be ; and as he is an old bachelor he has no oue to come between Wyn yard and his interests.' ' I believe Maurica does not suffer from the climate,' said Janet. ' No. He had a touch of fever last year, but hao been quite right ever since. He was rather silent and moody when he 6 rat joined, but he came out wonderfully last winter deuced pretty girl, I can tell you, married General Mackilhgan, of the Ordnance De partment, about three months ago.' 'Oh, poor Maurice!' exclaimed Janet smiling. 'He isn't a penny the worse,' returned Major Phillips. 'There are plenty of nice girls everywhere now in India to keep him going.' 'That is a most ambiguoun phrase, my dear fellow 1' cried DarrelL ' Do you mean 'chat there are enough pretty girls to keep Mrs. P&Lliser;'s interesting young friend going in flir tation ¥' ' Well, yes ; it's the beat thing for a fellow and ? ' 'Ah, they are a bad lot evidently, '.inter- rupted Darrell. ' Now if you will not take any more wine let ub go and see the most fas cinating male flirt on the stage.' It bad altogether been a very pleasant evening. Janet found herself smiling over some of the talk and discussions which had gone on, but especially the glimpse of Maurice Wynyard's career afforded her by his major's communications dwelt in her mind. She was sincerely pleased to find that Her old friend was making way with his associates. She had been a true prophetess— hiB fancy for herself had not lone borne the heat of the dav. vet she felt that Maurice's nature was es^euti&lly; faithful. How gentle and kindly he was ! Would he ever be impatient with a wife who tried hard to please him? Yes, of course he would — all men would.- It is their nature. WelL she heartily wished him all possible good fortune and happiness. Surely it was a hundred years ago since he came in and fonnd her shelling peas in the kitchen. Was she the same Janet Rowley * Sleep stole over her while she strove to answer this question. It seemed to her that she was immediately in Mervyn Woods with Pailiser beside her ; that he pressed her closely to him and said, ' You know how I love you in spite of my temper.' Then something woke her and she found Lady Saville's maid at her bedside holding some letters on a salver. Her sister-in-law's absence created a great gap in the Mervyn Hall household Janet found. Her knowledge of the world, Palliser's world, was exceedingly useful, and though her nature was slight it was kindly and specially sympathetic. Janet was growing more self-distrustful every day, with the result that invariably, whenever she hesitated and tried specially hard to do the right thing-, the wrong one presented itself and confounded her. The house had never been quite empty, but the guests had been chiefly gentlemen. Lord Darrell paid a fortnight's visit ; Janet had always felt she had a backer in him. He made great friends with Captain Rowley also, which was in Janet's favor. Under cover of this friendship the old man was more fre with tolerable smoothness. Darrell protested he would not go home un less Palliser and his wife promised to oome to Woodlands for a week or ten days hunting. ' You have the beRt preserves, Palliser,' he said, ' but yon'll find our Yorkshire hunting first-rate. I wish you had not put your spoke in your wife's hunting tendencies. She would have been ready to come out with us by this time if you had let her ride all the summer.' ?? I assure you I have no wish to interfere. Mrs. Palliser can do as she likes.' 'Thank you,' said Janet. 'That is all very fine, Palliser, but you have killed the wish.' — ? — ? — , -» — .if' mv\«| a. -~- ? - Mnvjg greatly amused to drive to the meet in my humble pony carriage, and I shall be equally gratified to see you off at Woodlands.' ''You are considerably too angelic, Mrs. PaUiser. Now am I to see you on the 7th or Sth of Deoember? Fll try and get a jolly party together. I am afraid most of the best people are engaged.' 'If you have good hunting, that is the great point.' ' Thank you, Lord Darrell ; I shall be very pleased.' And this was true. She was beginning to be just a little afraid of a tgle-a-Ute with her hus band ; it gave him such ample room for fault finding. Thifi invitation would fill up the time pleasantly till Christmas, then Lady Saville'B youngest boy was to come to Mervyn, Marv Wvnv&rd; anri hnr hniatv»w1 nu«a im K** «* the vicaraee and Randall would give them a dinner. Then they were to have a tenants' ball and a ball to the gentry — tremendous projeots, whioh would have had ho terrors whatever for Janet oould she have felt sure of pleasing her husband or secure of not dis pleasing him, but her whole life was an un certainty. 'Did you eet wetf asked Palliser one afternoon about two days before they were to start for Yorkshire as she came into the draw ing-room, her cheeks glowing rroM her raoe with the rain, her dark-grey eyea deepened into blue, as she removed her hat and pushed her wavy braids of hair from her brow. 'No, I just escaped; but I had to run for it' She stood by the table and poured oat a cup of tea, which she brought to him. Palliser rose from his easy-chair, took it from her, and stood it on the mantelpieoa. 'Janet,' he said, drawing her to him and looking down into her face with admiring eyes, 'after all you are very sweet and a deuced deal handsomer than when X first tell in love with you. I wish ? ' l He paused and then kissed her brow and lips. 'What do you wish, dear Randal?' she whispered softly, while her heart beat to suffo cation ; was she on the point of learning the word of the riddle? 'Why do you not tell me! All I wish is to make you happy.' 'There an so mao* little things shaft you don't seem to understand ; you do not exactly feel with me. I am rather sensitive and I wish you oould divine my wishes.' Janet looked at him with distressed wistful eyes. 'I fear I am dull, dear; I wish I had a spirit of divination ; but as it is wanting do tell me what my deficiencies are. I know so well when you are dissatisfied, whioh, alas ! is very often, and I am so miserable because I don't know why. If you only knew how miserable I am you would be sorry.' The soft, loving arms went up round his neck, her sweet, fresh lips clung to his, and as she felt how passionately he returned her kisses a flood of sunshine seemed to fill her heart with intoxicating delight. All troubles and mis understandings must be at an end. He would open his heart to her and show her how to please and satisfy him, and she would find it to be the omission or commission of some mere trifle which *he had been too dense to perceive. ''Now do tell me what are my special stupidities.' ' I don't know that it is worth while talking about it just now. I am perhaps a little im patient and — but there, don't let us waste these precious moments on disagreeable things. In less than an hour we must dress for that in fernal dinner at the Beauobamps. Come and sit down beside me and let us talk of my plans. I had a letter from Compton this morn ing (he is the Conservative whip, you know). He says our old representative, Skeffiugton, is going to retire from public life. Hs is quite sure of it. It will be announced after Christ mas ; then we'll have a busy time of it, Janet. I shall have my manifesto ready to poet directly bis good-bye to the constituency is in the paper. 1 shall see Godfrey on my way through the town — I mean the agent. He is a fireo-rate man. I think I am tolerably popular in the county, even with tbe bumpkins, eh ?' ' I am sure you are, Randal,' said Janet, speaking her real conviction and perceiving that this was not the time to press for any rules whereby to guide her conducD, for the greater had completely swallowed up the leaner in Palliser's mini, so she gave her whole attention to electioneering 6cbemes until the dressing bell summoned them — somewhat earlier than usual — as they had a six-mile drive to their dinner party. 'What are you going to wear, Janet?1 'Green velvet, I think.' ' No. Put on your white gown with the lace concern over your shoulders.' ' Very well,' said Janet laughing. ' I am not sure that Raynes will ba pleased if she has put out the velvet.' ' Well, you must face her wrath for my sake.' ' In such a cause I will not hesitate,' Baid bis wife as she left the room. The dinuer was more amusing than Palliser exptcted and everyone observed how brilliantly well Mrs. Palliser was looking. This was as it ehould be he thought. It was her bounden duty to do credit-to his choice. There was some gossip abou* the county member and a report that he thought of re tiring was mentioned. Of course PaUiser held his tongue respecting the information he had received, but ho was a little ruffled because nobody said anything about his being a fit and proper person to represent the county in Parliament. He was amiable enough on the following morning, but could talk of nothing except the coming election and seemed to be rather pleased to have a listener in his wife. The next day but one they were to start for Lord Darrell's place, breaking their journey in London, as it was rather long and PaUiser wanted to see his agent. ?Ljjcy wens uuu bu leave vux aiber mucuouu, as Palliser's appointment was not till the following morning. Janet was looking forward to her visit with a good deal of pleasure. She liked Lord Darrell and knew several of the guests he had invited ; she hoped too that she should be suc cessful in steering clear of all rooks of offence, for she fancied she had discovered one or Wo trifling causes of irritation, so trilling that she could have laughed ' had they not affected Randal. ' I think it will be a fine day,' eaid Palliser when he sat down to breakfast!. ' It is rather a good line of country up to Woodlands, but flat when you get there. However, it will be dark by the time we arrive to- morrow. What letters have you ?' 'A long one from Gertrude. She seems better pleased with Pan than ehe expected, but they have not had a good winter as regards weather.' Having appeased the pangs of hunger Palliser took up the Times, throwing the advertisement sheet, after tha fashion nf creation's lords, oo the carpet, while he scanned the paper for some mention of Mr. Skeffing ton's retirement. An exclamation from Janet attracted his attention, she was evidently reading the first column— the famous list of births, deaths, and marriages. 'Oh, Randall! Just think — Richard Paliiser has a little son. 'On the fifth instant, ao Sa. Oswald's, Sussex, the wife of R. Palliser, Esq., of a son and heir.'' ' What !' exclaimed Palliser, in a tone that startled his wife. 'There jt is,11 she said, offering it to him and feeliffg suddenly as if something tragic had happened. ' Don't show it to me,' said he, rising and throwing away hia part of the paper. *' No, give it to me !' He snatched rather than took it from her hand. ' Insolent scoundrel !' as he glanced at the announcement and crushed the unoffending print in his grasp. ' What does he mean by ' son and heir V Heir to Mervyn ? Not yet, Mr. Richard Palliser, not yet !' and he began to pace the room. Janet felt stunned and utterly at a loss what to eay, so wisely kept silence, the oolor gradually fading from her face as she recalled Lady Saville's sentence, 'When a son and heir appears you will be mistress of the position. ' Was this the secret of her failure so be all she ought to be? How was it that her husband was so eager to have a son to inherit his lands — his name ? It was a sorb of prospective greediness she oould nod quite understand and yet it was common enough ; natural enough she supposed. But how un just) to visit such a sin of omission on her head when she would so gladly have welcomed a baby, boy or girl. Not that Janet was a the kiud of woman who yearned for children — she was not an instinctive woman. Children would be dear to her on account of their pathetic helplessness, bnt far more dear when they had grown into independent individuals and friends. 'What oould she say,?' was the question that racked both brain and heart and she could find no answer. Meanwhile PaUiser paced the room, utterly regardless of his wife's growing pallor, half wild with anger and envy. ' Those infernal money-grubbers have all the luck,' he exclaimed at length. ' When I made the great mistake of my life, that shopkeeping wife of Dick Palliser's took it for granted her husband or her son would be the head of the family — she will begin to believe it again.' Still Janet could not speak; a strange struggle between a eense of guilt and a sense of injustioe was going on in her heart and no words would oome. At last she faltered — 'How do you know that Mrs. Richard thought such things ?' was her unfortunate ob servation. 'For heaven's sake do not agrue,' cried *Pa1]wt&r.; rnnffhlv. 'von knnw rmnhincr o.rmnii it, and care less,' and he resumed bis walk. Janet was struck dumb and sat still for a minute or two ; then she took up the paper, folded and laid it on the table, and was gently leaving the room when her movement caught Palliser's notice. 'Where are you going?' be asked. 'Tohide your ill -temper because I cannot always oonoeal my disappointment and annoyance ? You ought to have mose sympathy with me.' 'I have all possible sympathy with you, Randal, and I have no ill-temper to bide. I was going away because you are not yourself and you are speaking more unkindly than you know. Yon will be sorry afterwards, so it is better not to stay here now ;' and she left the room. When she reaohed her own she sat down like one stunned ; she felt no inclination to ehed tears. A r*irinTiR nnrtt rvf n.Vii)l nnmhflH ripi»fmm rtmfcA to foot. She felt as if she had been turned on tbe world, in the cold. What right had she to be where she was? She had not fulfilled the end of her existence. What business had she to pose as the mistress of Mervyn Hall, deficient asTShe was in her principal duty ? She felt like a swindler that ought to be banished from the paradise she had entered on false pretences. A feeling of blask despair wrapped her in the dull muffling of its dismal opaque atmosphere. ' I beg your pardon, ma'am,' said Raynes, who came quickley into the room on packing bent, and started back greatly surprised to see her ladyship there at that hour. ' Do not mind Raynes ; go on with your packing.' She brought out the words with ' I beg your pardon, ma'am, but are you feeling unwell?1' ' Mot quite as well as usual' returned her mistress,' trying to smile. 'I must go out; the air will revive me.' 'Won't you sit down and rest, ma'am? It's bad to travel when one is not quite right. Shall I fetch you some sal volatile? 'No thank you, I am almost myself again. I will go and see if Mr. Palliser is going out.' She rose and left the room, pausing in the next one to think what she should da Was Randal waiting to ask her forgiveness for his outbreak? He ought to follow her for that purpose, but ehe would not exact too much, nor would ehe be inexorable. But she would tell him how cruelly he had hurt her. And yet it was a bitter annoyance, this birth of ? eon to his oouein ; she knew him — Randal — better than she used, and how unfortunate she was. She began to understand that her hus band did not easily forgive failure or contra diction, still he would be sorry for having spoken as he did, and she must make him understand that although grieved she was not in a bad temper. Thank heaven 1 she had re sisted te%n. U only ahe looked lev pale. A quiok walk round the garden might remedy that. She dreaded meeting Randal again, but that was silly 1 He would say a few apologetic words and promise not to do it again ; then all would be over, only she oould never forget — never ! She gathered np her forces and descended to the library. Palliser waB writing and as Janet crossed the room she saw than the evil spirit still reigned within him. His smile was exceedingly pleasaut, but when it was not playing round his lips or laughing in his eyes, the master of Mervyn looked a very ngly cus tomer indeed. ' Ou I Is that you ? I wish you would write a Hue for me to Godfrey. Say I cannot see him till twelve instead of eleven, to- morrow. I have a telegram from Compton, he wants mo to be with him as early as I can to-morrow, so we cannot pet off to Woodlands by the midday train. I told Coates to look out and arrange for the next No ! Take my paper, yours is too small and fiunikin — use the third person, you know.' And this was alL He seemed to have no consciousness of needing pardon. He held himself as if he were the offended party. She need not have feared a melting appeal for pardon, or planned her own phrases in reply — so trivial a matter as her sorely wounded heart did not cost him a second thought. She drew the paper towards her and began to write, but she oould not command her attention and she had to rewrite it twice. When at last it was accomplished she handed it to her husband, asking, ' Would you like to look at it ?' He glanced at her and the torn pieces of paper. ' I hope to heaven, Janet, you are not going in for nerves!' he said witti a frown. 'You are looking like a ghost! I thought you had the nerves and health of a milkmaid !'' 'If my nerves were shaken fora moment you have quite restored them,' she said steadily. ' They shall not trouble youagain.' I am glad to hear it. I Bhould bo awfully disgusted if you treated ub to hysterics at Darrell's place.' His tone roused the stout spirit that under lay Janet's loving nature and she pulled herself together without much effort.' ** Very well,' she said. ' And I shall be greatly distrusted if you break your leg or your arm while we are at Lord DarreU,'s ; if you do don't expect me to nurse you. bo take care.' There was a certain lightness in her tone which startled him. Not a tinge of ill tamper, but a touch of good humored denance. PaliiBer looked at her for a moment, a change, not of softness, passing over his lace. ' I hope I shall not trouble you. Will you stamp these letters, please ''. I am going to ride in to the post myself ; I'll be back in time for lunch.' Then Janet hastily wrapped herself up and rushed away into the woods. Was it possible that herhusband, wao could be so charming, so loving, was merely heartless, sounding brass? Had she been conscious of treating him with cold indifference would any atonement seem sufficient? Could anything ever heal this cruel wound ? How thankful she would be to forget it. Perhaps as time went on she would grow harder, wiser, more fit for general cirou lation, better able to estimate things, and then would lite be worth living ? (To be continued, t 