The Voice of the Drum. The poet Heine declared that he bad a talent for drumming in every limb and in his feet to a remarkable degree. It was early cultivated by a valiant French drummer, long quartered in the quaint town of Dtisseldorf, who bad been with the Emperor Napoleon in most of his campaigns. He had, as Heine declares, the face of a fiend and a heart like an angel's ; a small, mobile face, a fearful black moustache, under which his red lips curved proudly, while hiB eyes shot fiery glances on every side. Little fellow as I was, I was forever chained to hiB side, helping him polish his buttons and chalk his white waistcoat — for M.vLe Grand waa not in different to pleasing the eye. I followed him to guard, roll-call, and parade ; there was nothing but rattling of arms and fun. M. Le Grand Bpoke only a little broken German, but he could express himself perfectly on the drum. For example, when I did not know what the word libertd meant he 'neat the Marseillaise, and I underatpod. In the same way he taught me the story of the late events. It is true I could not follow the words ; but as he drammed away all the time I knew what he meant to say. You compre hend the story of the storming of the Bastille, the taking of the Tuileries, etc., if you know how the drums beat while it happened. Tears afterward, while sitting ou the bench in the Hofgaster and dreaming of the past, I heard behind me the confused sound of voices, bewailing the fate of the poor Frenchmen who had been taken prisoners in the Russian War and sent to Sibera, and there detained tor several yeara alter peace was declared. Raising my eyes, I behold these charity-children of France. Bare want stared through every rent in their tattered uniforms j deep, plaintive eyes looked from their wasted faces ; but sore, tired and mostly lame as they were, they had a sort of mart' . stride ; and strangely enough a drummer with bis drum staggered at the head. With an inward shudder I thought of the tales of Roldiers who, fallen in cattle by day, rise from the field at night, and with the drum at their head march onward to their native land. And truly the poor French drummer looked as if he had risen, half-mouldering, from the grave. He was a mere shadow in a dirty, ragged capote, a dead, yellow face, with a great moustache hanging sadly over the shrivelled lips. His eyes we/e like burnt-out coals, with hardly a spark etill living — yet by one of these sparks I recognised M. Le Grand, the old drummer I had known as a boy. He knew me, too, and drew me down upon the grass ; and there we sat, as we used to do in the old times when he taught me French and modern history on the drum. It was the same old drum ; and I could not but wonder how he had saved it from the greed of the Russians. He began to drum in hi3 old way without speak ing a word. But though his lips were pressed sadly together, hia eyes spoke all the more plainly, as they sparkled with triumph, while he drummed the old marches. The poplars nearby trembled as he rattled out ' March of the Red Guillotine.' As of old, he drummed the struggle for liberty, the battles, the deeds of the emperor ; and it seemed as if the drum were a living creature, rejoicing to utter its inward delight. Once more I heard the cannon's roar, the whistle of the bullets, the crash of battle ; I saw the Guards brave in death, I saw the waving flags, I saw the emperor on his horse. But a sad tone crept into the joyous notes, the drum' beats gave forth cries wherein the wildest triumph and the deepest woe were Btrangely mingled. It was a triumphal march and a dead march in one. Le Grande's eyes Btared like a ghost's, and I saw in them a great white field of snow Btrewn with corpses. It was the Battle of Moscow. I would never have believed that the stiff old drum could give such melancholy cries as M. Le Grand now drew from it. It was like drumming tears, and they sounded lower and lower, and sighs came from Le Grande's bosom like sad echoes. He grew weaker and more ghost-liks ; his hands shook with cold ; he sat as in a dream, drumming in the air and listening as if to far-off voices. And then at Inst he turned on me a deep, deep, imploring look. I understand him. And then his head fell forward upon his drum. M. Le Grand never drummed again in this world nor did his drum ever give out another sound. Never should it serve an enemy of liberty to beat a slavish tattoo. I had understood Le Grand's last imploring look ; I drew the dagger from my cane, and thrust it through the head of the drum. 