criacket. The Temperance team had a peculiar experience at Longwood on Saturday, when the local club provided a well-worn ball with which to play. Before the first innings of the visitors closed for 72 runs, the ball showed symptoms of "dry rot," and immediately afterwards went to pieces. An adjournmient was made while a foraging party was detailed off to ran= sacik the town-result, another debilitated ball, with "foot and mauth disease" grin uingi through the stitches;. It was put in action, but gave up the ghost I after Longwood had made 12 runs for one wicket. Under these depressing condi tidns,- the visitors had no option but'to order their carriages andibowl themiselves home. Last Saturday the long-expected meet ing between Shean's Creek- and Strath bogie l.ook place,, with I(to pist it mildly) surprising results. The day was warm enough, and the wicket exceedingly dusty. Strathbogie went first to the wickets and only made 67. J. Simpson 30 (not out) by splendid cricket, and Marsh -16. :This was a poor eliough score, but worse was to follow.. It was soon seen that the bowling of J. and W. Morley was quite unployable, and the Shean's Crook innings resolved it self into a melancholy procession only 14 beingputtogether. At theirnexttryStrath bogie had 39 up for six wickets,whenMarsh declared. the innings closed. This gave the Creok men 902 to make. There was just a chaince of doing it in the time, but again the two Morleys were on the spot, and the innings closed for 23. The annual match between the Euroa A.N.A and Druids lodges took place on :Wednesday last, and resulted, after an enjoyable coitest, in.' a victory.for the Natives. Belli and~ Hocking were the principal'scorers for the res'pectiiive sides. In the evening the lodges fraternised, and spent a pleasant hour or-two in toasting and larinony. Thes Longwood team to play the Euroa Wanderers at Euroa on Saturday will be chosen fromn the following i:- Correll, Wiltshire, Akers, Down, Bourke (2), Max field. Crichton, Cumminsa (3), Puddy, Brodie, Kibble. The following players are chosen to play Longwood at Euroa to-morrow, L. Bell (cap), Gondry (2), Garrett (2), Cousins,. P. Cook, A. Weir,J. Simmonds,A. Bell. 'Emergencies IH. Simmonds, H. Bell, and F. Cook. Euroa will play Shean's Creek, at Euroa, to-morrow. Play to commence at 1 30 sharp The Enroa team will consist of Crocker,Bell, Hancock, Lewis, Hay. Hocking, Kitson, Pleasents,Stribling, Sutherland and Turner. 