(Br 'Not Oot.') Another oE tho time-bonorod contosts with Viotoriahas glided into tho silent pngos of history. It is tho old, old story with tbo old, old onding— defeat for tho light blues. If ovpr Sydnoy peoplo lmd oxpectod a viotorr to adorn tho banner of their colony it was^ nftor play bad in this nmtoii boon ?stopped for a couplo of days by rain. Even when supposed to faror them it, eeoins tho rain eau play our criokotors falsely, as it did on this occasion. It pourod So long and so heivily that tho ground was to all intents and purposes liko unto n quna Wire at tho bowling creases. Tumor found himself skating along with all tho oase of woll-oilod rollers on tho surfaoo ? of a fast rink. The bull glidod off tho groosy Eurfdcs of tho pitch to tho enchantment of tho batsmen. Tho bowlor-j twisted and wound it up hi tho most ineffectual manner, and lookod on agonisingly whilst thoy wero gotting tioaton surely, if slowly. In ns fur ns ono who did not seo tho gumo is capable of expressing an opinion, I think tho honors of victory havo fallou to tho better 6ido. Although fervently hoping tho result would prove otherwise, . it Boemod to mo that Victoria was repre sented by a stronger cloven than that of this colony. Thoro is no need to recapitulate tbo comploto failuro of tho N.S. AVules buts jnon on tho opening day. Wo need no longer dwell upon that, becauso it painfully abow.s even to enthusiastic- Sydneyites that the batting is not what it ought to bo. But later on, whon assisted by the elements, Now Bouth 'Wales had gained an advantage, and tho match should havo been pulled out of tha fire. It i.H in the knowledge of this whoro tbo keenest disappointment lies. If tho following account of tho ground, which is clipped from tbo jVp.ous, is absolutely eorrect, and I have it now from good authority that, it hardly adequately pourtrays tho terrible stato of tho pitch, tho umpires must havo erred in ordering play to bo resumed whon thoy did :— ' Tbongb they mado a track of sawdust tho bowlers could not keep their feet, Turner's rush in dolivering tho ball carrying him floundering down tho pitch like a novice on skates, leaving a black, muddy trail behind like a bullock team through a swamp. Some of tho crowd wero so partial as to think that it was done purposely to damago tho pitch for tho other .bowler, but that was ungencroas, for Turner cut acro33 in front of tho batsman nud off tho wicket long boforo reaching the point whero tho ball pitched. Crowds, in looking for bad spots in a wicket, invariably ovor eutiniato tbo length of tho Tiowling, and find spots where a batsman, oven of tbo stono-walling typo would never allow it to develop any ' devil.' Tumor, to uso a. familiar phrase, ' got all ovor tho Bhop.' Tho Press of Victoria and of South Aus tralia is not at all partial to Now South Wales when opposing tho idols of their criokot sphere. Very often tho best performances by visitors are torribly discounted by. imaginary {laws, such as '* possible ' catches, Been by no ono olao suto the scribes who record them. They ravo over tho doings of tho local cracjes ; sometimes burst out into charming poetical language in attaining the highest point of laudation. Thoerowds, too, lire jnstasoiMi-svJod ns tho wretchedly -partial organs which dis seminate news. From. the account of the wiokot, and the conditions under which tha last day's crickot was played, it is not at all improbabio that the umpires made an error in judgment whon they agreed that tho ground was fit to play upon. As tho trend of events »how, tho decision of tho match hung upon their fiat, for, if play had been put off till the ground had dried nouiowbat, tho bowlers wonld havo held a marked advantage. But, ftftor all, if the Victorian* aro the hotter Bide, it is ominontly fitting that victory should lost with them. Thoy proved in this match, nt all events, to be thu stronger all rouud team; but 'whether thoy will do so in the return match is a question we shall not bo Bblo to solvo for a week or two. Tho match has not been altogether carren of joyful incidents t.o Welshmen, although haraiising disappointments far out weigh thoso little joys. \V. L. Murdoch's batting in the second innings is something ?upon which we may dwoli gladly for a fow moments. Tho retention of form by our qriondam captain has been the one drop of Jionoy oxtractud to sweeten the bitterness of tho latest defuat. And yet, on closer thought, one cannot help feoling regret that hardly imy ono olae wan ublo to do much with the Vic torian bowling. Tho younger ordor ot bats jnen do not seem to number among them many who give fruitful promino of doing for tho colony what Murdoch, Massif, M'Domioll, Garrett, Kvans, Spofforth, and others did in tho eighties. Vou seo that although wo all feel the doenest pleasure at W.Ij.'h succoss after an absence of some years from his native ]and, wo are also troubled with regrot that no yonngor men have risen to share the lustre attachable to thoso who were champions ten Tears ago. Murdoch and Moses a decado Lack woro our craclm, and still they aro to- day. Ah, well, tho future may bring a change, 'file cricket horizon may yet 1)0 brightened by tho apponrauco of a now lot of batsmen of the aggressive ondor. Tho regions whoro gnm trees thrive and wattle blossoms blow— tho country districts— may lio the means of revolutionising the game in this colony. I have a hazy notion that ero long tho orickotor of the city will not be ublo to bold bis head high and smile at tho men tion of his oountry cousin as a criekotor. The Utter is advancing strongly, and the next twolvo months may unfold a talo. Mont of tho Now South Wales team arrived from Melbourno at noon yesterday, looking bronzod and in good health after tho trip. Murdoch is expected to arrive to-day, but Fierce will remain for a week or more in Alol bourno. Alco Mackenzie had a turn at the jiots yesterday, so that it did not take him long to get into harness again. They saw part of the first day's play of the Adelaide match on Monday. Jarvis ployed a splendid in nings, bia utrokes boing brilliant and cloau. Oeorge Gitfen was fairly beaton by Carl ton. Although the Pros* accounts stato that the South Australian captain was jeered at by the spectators, our mou do not appear to havo beard anything boyond tho ordinary talk of tho Melbourno crowd. The 'ordi- nary ' chaff of the MelburnianH is onough to rouse tbo iro of anyono lens imperturbable than Aloo Bannorman, who, in thin respect, is quite a fttoio. They aro neither gentle nor refined at times, unless tho homo team happens to bo carrying all before thorn, and iben suddenly they discover that among other traits heaven baa endowed them with a fooling of noblq genorosity towards strangers. Un fortunatoly this manly trait is all too latent in tho broostH of roost Melbourno cricket crowds. It has often struck mo that Now .South Wales is placed under a weighty haudicap in having to open the campaign away from home. Let anyone select a team for tho match against South Australia to bo commenced on Satur day ; then compare it with the eleven which reproaontod tho colony on tho Adelaide Oval rooautly, and tho Impottauoo o( tho matter will at onoo bo gaugod. With all of our host men — savo Syd. Gregory — available, the task of Bolcutlug eleven is n very difficult one, nud possibly no selection would gain gouural approval. There will, I have no doubt, be aoino disappointment wlwn tbo names of tha favored ouos arc Riven to tho public by tho solocting trio. Thirtoen aro to ho chosen to-morrow afternoon, but oven nicking such a number is not tho easiest inntte.r in tho world. Thu form ol' thonu who played at Adolaidu uud Melbourne will guide thu aoleotoni, two of whom saw tho mutches. Jinny will expect to see Alec, llnnnorman's name omitted on the score that liu is too fat amlontof condition turd form, lln is fat, wo cau see that for ourinilvi'n. Ho may bo iu no form, for ho has not scored double figures yet, nml he bus batted four times. They say he fielded stifily, and that ho is not so supple ns of yore, and that on form he should givu way to C. Iticimrdson. But the stotiowallor bus a knack of coming off just nt the right moment when his detractors aro at their loudest against him. Whether Alec Bauuennan is so utterly out of farm as w« are asked to believe is bo youd our ken. Howover, ho is suro to bo chosen, and that is everything. Apart nlto gothor from this, C. Kichardsou should bo picked.- lit the first plnco ho is a brilliant floldanmu, and has always snored agaiust tho South Australians. With Charlton not playing, Kiohuidsou is worth bin plaott alo.no to Hold for tho slip;. Harry Doiman feels confident that his hand is quite right now, hut as ho wus not playod iu Melbourne he may not be ohosen for Satur day, the selectors not caring to risk tho chauco of losing the sorvioos of ono of tho toam. Assuming that ho will not play, and that on the eventful day tho wcathor proves fine, the following aro tho oleven I should like to seo cntor tho field for Now South Walos :— Mjirdoch, Mosos, Turner, Irodulo, NowoU.C. Kiuhurdson, W. Moore. Cnllawny, Farquhar, Clement, and Mackenzie or Camuhiu, with a proforonco for tho former, because ho is a bettor field. If Alee Uunner man is really, liko M'Lood, so much ' off color'— and I am told he is— ho is hardly outitlod to a place. However, ho is suro to bo chosen, and ho will thus answer the question lia to liU form. Farquhar is a brilliant liold — a splendid point. Tho many friends of Syd. Gregory will bo sorry to hear that ho is laid up with rheu matics. Iu Melbourne ho wus taken bad, and anattankof rhouumtio fevor was just nippod in tho bud. Ho camo back to Sydnoy on' Satur- day, and is couttuod to ltia bod. Tho rheu matics have irfl'eotod his hands sevornlj;, and there is no likelihood of him being suUicieutly recovered to take part in tho return wiitch against South Australia. His unexpected iUuoss wus a sevore blow to tho team fn-thp Melbouriio uiatoii, as an that, ground Syd. has always provttl of immonao sorvico to his side. Harry Donuan alao returned to Sydney lust weok. His baud displays no ovidojioo of ftio recent injury, and ho assures mo tuat ho not only could havo playod in Melbourne, but that thoro was nothing to prevent him batting in tho second innings at Adolaide. Tho selectors would not risk playing him again at Molbouruo. Tho loss of JJounau and Grogory at Melbourne was a sovero one, which is likely to be forgotten in face of tho inclusion of Moses, Murdoch, and Turner. By tho way, in looking ovor tho averages of our bowlers at Adelaide, it struck mo as passing strange that hardly any U30 was made of Irodalo aud Donnan. Surely tho Central Cumberland craok batsman is a bowler worthy of a moro extended trial than 36 balls in a .total of 133. Perhaps the Now South Wales captain was unaware that Irodalo has often bowled with distinct success in club cricket. Ic seems that this was reallv tho oase— it is tho only solution of tbo mystery surrounding tho handling of the bowling. But then the same thing occurred in Molitouruo, whore Garrett was not captain. Irodalo is a largely- unuerrated bowler, nud ought to bo utilised more in Intercolonial matches.. Tho injury which Pierco mot with nt Adelaide was a wrouch to his foot whilo bowling. It seems ho kept on bowling while in pain with it, but iu the oud had to retire l'rom tho J.UUCU (Tits yoaja in uiuiuuuiuu uA-/uituj,vf cheering all over the ground as Murdoch's familiar figuro— bat undor the loft arm as of old— appeared in the gateway on tho opening day, and as ho got to tho wickets the Vic torians also gave hiid n cheer. In two minutes ho was coming back again; for ho had only played a couple— tho first beim; a puzzlor from Trumble, whicli , ho lost completely— whon ho started for what seemed a safe run, but Moses thought otbfc»-ise and stayed in his crease. Murdoch, liko Turner, got close down to the other wiokot, but in trying to turn fell, rolled over, and lost his bat. The clever Harry was tho lioldsman, and he had tho b.-Wl back so quickly that Charley M'Leod had lime tor u. regretful bok at the batimu.ii and anothor at tllo wicket bofore ho slowly took the bails off., ns though he knew what a disappointment it would be, nnd would have wished to give bin\ another chance. It was a most unfortunato closo to an event to which everyone hud boon looking forward to for days past. Very downcast indeed was the captain of Susses as ho came back again. The second innings saw a different sccno, us tho old-timer camo back triumphantly carry ing his bat out. Eeforring to tho dismissal of throo batsmen run out, tho Ar.oua thus, descants :— 'It was oxocrably bad luck for Now South Wales to havo three such batsmen ns Turner, Murdoch, and Callaway run out — without any of them scoring a run — not by irresistibly smart field;, ing, as sometimes happens, but through tho want of judgment shown by'tho victims or their partners. Banncrumn was distinctly responsible for Tumor being run out; but Callaway, on tho other hand, was somewhat impulsivo in starting without being called l-y Mosos. Opinions differed as to who was to blame for tho mishap which attached to the hated cypher to Murdoch's name. Mauy blamed Moses for not starting, but us the ITall went straight and fas't to a fieldsman.it was certainly unwise of Murdoch to dash right up to tho croaso boforo boing satisfied thatMoses, who is notoriously slow off tho mark, would respond. Tho old identities assembled in force at Melbourne during Christmas week to witness the Intercolonial match: No match would be complete) without Harry Milliard, our cham pion veteran. If wo cannot lay legitimate claim to tho champion eleven, wo can, iu all modesty, claim the possession of tho champion trundlcr— Turner — tho champion old-timer — Harry Hilliard— and possibly tho champion batsman in Moses. Victoria posaessos no ' champipnri.' They arc all dons and doors, and they perform woll onough. It looks as if tho Shcifleld Shield is going to bo held by tbo Vies, once again. New South Wales seems to have no possible chance of winning it. But I am drifting away from the old-timers too quiokly. Our ohampion veteran has undorgono ttiu torturo of thu interviewer this time in Melbourne, nnd if the Southern scribos keep up that lino of action, it is just possible they may frighten him so much that tho record ho has so fur may bg brokon by a miss. Tho votoran, in response to his tormentor, gavo utterance thusly: — ' The baiting aud bowling aro a great deal bottor than thoy woro iu my timo, bnt I won't admit that you can field any hotter than wo could. 'liuo wickets aro better, and the bowling is a great dual moro trioky than it was. They bowl with tho ' head,' as tho saying is. But making allowaucoa for tho Holding ground, I say that we used to field quite as woll in my timo as they do now. Tho othor day someono wus talking to mo about the splondid fielding, nnd i said, ' So it ought to bo; thoy play in tho parlor now.' But look at tho grounds wo had to Hold on. Why, tho first match wo plnyod in Victoria in 1850 was on this ground, and thoro wasn't a bit of grasB on it. Wo all playod with our boots off. Some in naked foot, and somo kopt their stockings on. You didn't know whoro the ball was cominu' at you thon, and you had to watch for it. But evon thon, if you miused a catch, the bowler would bo almost iucliuod to givo you a smack ovor tho oar.' The veteran regards Murdoch as tho be3t criokoter Australia has turnod out. Ho gavo tho palm to Spufforth among the bowlers, as ho was a good bowler on all wiokots. ' But talking about bowling,' said Mr. Hilliard, ' I mind onoo when tlio Victorians woro making botweon two. and thrco hundred in their nccom innings, bocaujo our men could not bowl straight. It was all underhand bonding, too. Vou noo Gilbert, our captain, would koep himself on all day bowling, no matter how they were pasting him. (Another trait which has coma down from tho good old times.) And ho tciod all tho others nt tho othor end, but thoy couldn't get any nsarer the wicket than ho could. Why, Tommy Wills hit oue out into tho Hichmondpaddock thoro, and thoy made 8 runs for it. It look two men to throw it back. So I not sick of that, and at tho ond of tho ovor I collarod tho ball. 'What aro yon going to do with that?' a.iid Gilbert. ' I'm going on to bowl,' I says. 'Who told you so ? ' -says ho. ' I'm going on to bowl, anyhow,' I says ; ' thoro'n not one of you oau go near the wickot, and I'm going to put iu some straight onos.'' ' And did ho lot you bovvlr' 'Let mo? Hooonldn't help it. I did bowl, aiTd I sont in somo straight underhand ones nud soon made a Hopnrutlon.' ' Aud s-- you havo never missed a mutch botwoon New South Wnlos and Victoria:-' ' Not ono. I took ill iulSQOand novor playod again, for my ncrvo was gono, but I havo followed our boys ivrouud BiiVco tbou. t wont homo with tho first Australian Elovon, toa, and onjoyed it immensely. What is the best match I have ?soon tho Australians play? Woll, tho mntcih in which they heat Grace's olovou in Sydney. Tlint was a splendid garw. (And so say all of in.) No ; I don't know that 1. could say whiob is the best lntersolonial match I havo soon. But this is the worst. This is far tho worst.' At tho annual meeting of the Australasian Crickul Couucil thu constitution wus altered --u us to allow of tho selection of Australian toama by lUo Couucil. Mubsm. D. Suutt and .1. Crosswoll having intimated by lottor Hint ft was their intention to apply fur the position of munuger to thu uoxl Australian toam, it was decided that the utattor stand over for twolvo inontlm. Mr. K. B. Manning, the representative of tho I'ar.-ieo cricket toam tfmlia), forwarded a lottor asking for thu patrouugo of the Council should thu team decide upon visiCiug Australia noxt your ; hut in view of the probable visit of Lord Shef field with a toam*, it was resolved to inform Mr. Maiming that thu Council could not grant tho request. This bring* mo on to nuother quostion which will uoed to havo the consideration of the Association sooner or lator, i.e., the solcctioii of teams to visit tho country or to play against visitors while tho Intercolonial men are down South. It is iu no pessimistic voiu I am now writing, nor do I wish to bump agaiuat tho feelings of anyone. Thu seloctiou of tho loam for Newcastle was no doubt pro ductive of much trouble and worry, inasmuch as many player* were not able to take part iu the matches. Still it is not at all creditable to tho cricketers of tho city that iu a match of this character thoy should bo so poorly reprcsontcd.. Further than that, it is anything but complimentary dr courteous to the Northerners to placo a second- rate elovon in flie field agaiust them. This kind of thing dood tho gamo no possiblo good. Tho object of tho match 'was eoujpLuoly fcustratud by tho fact of tho Metropolitan team being so weak. Tho Australasian Crickot Council has bold its onquiry into' the alleged disorganisation of tho Australian Elovon; but, us might havo been anticipated, tho great event bus ended in smoke. Those n-lio had previously spokon out to tho interviewers \V~sro delightfully silont on this occasion, and it was just as well that thoy ware. Already the matter bus boon givou far mot's promuiouco thau nil who lovo tho good old gamo could havo wished. It has been most humiliating to truo-hoartod Australians to hear about tho rows at home, aud a feeling of roliof comes to us now that wo know tho matter bus boon allowed to drop. Tho follow ing decision on the matter, proposed by Hr. Eyau, of Adolniao, aud seconded by Mr. J. M. Gibson, of Sydney, was carried : — . That lmvluf; recant to various roports which have from tima'to tiiiw appeared iu the press reuectiug ufion members of tile l:Ue Australian team, und thw council having endeavored to investigate the trfllli or otherwise of such stiaements, regrets that it was alforded no iisnirttauce orovklenoe by tbo gentlemen makini: such statements, und Unit consequently it is unable to cume to auy decision iu the matter, Tho disagreement between the members of the Australia.! Kleveu and Victor Cohen with regard to tho financial arrangements was con sidered by tho Council. Tho'following motion thereanent was carried: — 'That the books iu possession of oue member of tho executive committoo and tho books Held by Mr. Cohen bo placed in the hands of Mr. Portns, as representative of tho Council, to bo held iu trust, eaoh party to have access to tho books, aud Mr. Cohen to propare a statement to bo submitted to each member of tho team, and if thoy aro not satisfied tho Cbuncil to tako further action.' Crickot in Sydney during the holidays wa3 vory quiet. Tho Warwioku dofoatod Surry United on tho North Domuin on Saturday, scoring 98 against 51. The foaturo of the gamo was the bowling of E. is vans, and the all-round form of J. B. Nash. Tho votoran captured six for 22, and on a pitch that ''did a liale' bad Ihe Uatsmen in trouble. Nash compiled 4G, und securod three for 24 with tho ball. Tho Mudgeo crack batsman, H. J^ Mac pberson, scored 1-43 not out on Monday cgainst tho Nuponu District nt Mudgoo. The locals compiled 219 without losing n wiokot, and then declared tho innings olosod, tho other batsman, Mearos, scoring 70. Nopeau mado Ot nud 80 for oight wicket£. Tho Paddington Eloctorato and Borough teams met on tho Domain on Saturday, tbo gamo ending in a draw. Tho Electorate was poorly aud thu Borough strongly represented. Tho former mado U5, \V. Bull contributing 89, L. Pro 30, J. C. Davis !U not out, and T. Alcock 10. D. Hogan aud E. Cobham bowled most snccossfully for tho Borough, who loat five wiokets for 33. S. Mackenzie captured four for 12-all clean bowjod. Tho Borough match for tho Korr Shield botwocn Balmnin and Woolltfhra gives pro miso of ending in an easy win for tho latter. Woollnhra has a really good toam, and if thoy all run into form tho club should play a con spicuous part in tho competition. Tho Bat mams wero got rid of f or 5'J, Herb. Eobinsou's slows proving most destructive Woollubra havo lost eight wickoti for 132, Frank M'Klhoira making 30, E. E. Bonuett 2G not out, H. Itobinsou 25, E. iStonsidos 11, aud F. Leary 12. J. Sullivun was the most destruc tive bowlor for Balmaiu, aud tho brothers Storey tho best run-getters. Tho Centennials enjoyed a high old time at tho wickets against tho Arthurloighs iu tho Socoud Junior (or, to bo strictly correct, the club) competition. They put up 250 runs for tho loss of six wiokcts, Bratlloy making 11G not out, Young CD, J. Young 17, Grogory 13, Wulkor 13, and Shiptou 13 not out., S. M. J. Woods has been prevailed upon to turn out onco uiore upon tho football field in a county matoh. He was to havo playod for Somorsot against Devonshire. '., .' 3\. IS. Walford put up anothor good scorer on Boxing' Day— liW against Maodorialdto'wu. lio is batting with raro oonsiatonoy this season. V . ' Tho Bur wood Club, which receivod ouch a leather-bunting from tbu I. Zingari veterans a few Saturdays ago, had their revenge on tho Uuibu Club un Now Year's Day, breaking tho record for iudivfduul score and largest innings for the Iiushcutters' Buy Oral. Bat ting first, tho board showed 510 whon the last wicket foil, overy player except one making double figures. W. B. Puirfax 187— given out lbw, a rather doubtful decision — made iu three hours without a chance, K. Shuto 70, ,,|nn !V-.,,i IP fi1 Un.,t,nH Tl /! III-. ,!„.. J nit uinv iu ', ui aj. j-Juuyuuv ? Lt v ? i.'ilbAllfcllU Ofj Sponcor 28, Woddorburn 32, W. Blaxland 22, M'Elhonu 21 ; Adumson, Lovett, and Hoarno dividing the wickots. Tho Union playors at call of time had lost eight wickets lor 72, E. E. Bonuott and Shuto securing tho wickots. Tho car-tlukcr of tho ground de servos praise for tho splondid wicket pro vided. Tho Lismoru Crickot Club jonrnoyod to Eooty Hill on New Year's Day, and aftor a most oujoyabloduy succeeded iu defeating the locals, ltooty Hill made 10(i, C. Crosiriok 22. J. Biggs 21, Doug 13, F. Biggs, linudie, uud Shepherd 10 oavh. LUmore compiled 311, Montgomery 91, F. Kugg 83, Jossoa 58, Barnes 4S, Alkins 20, Duggan 15. Batucj, Montgomery, and M'Gregor bowlod best fur Lismoros, aud C. Creswrek and J. Lamb for Eooty Hill. Tho couutrymon are beginning to bring homo to their city friends tho great truth that all tho uricketing talent of sunny New South Wales does not lie In the big smoke. The team which visited Newcustlo to meet the Nortborn District!) was by no moans n«ak. Of course, it would bo rubbish to regard it in any way as a representative oleven. Still, Hie fact remains, that as a combination it was pretty strong. Tho Northerners vanquished it with seven wickots to spare ; and look at tho gamo how one may, he cannot help regard ing tho result as a feather in tho cap of the victors. The full scores aro given olsowhero, so that (hero is no need to go through tho details. Loon Mooro had a largo share in winuing tho match for his side, as besidos taking six wiokets for 33 runs iu tho second innings, ho compiled 22 nnd 79 not out, or 101 for once out in tho match. Coningham, Hanigan, Patrick, Itush, and Honghton battod fairly well, but on thu whole the run-getting by tho Metropolitan Eleven wan disappointing. Tho slow bowlor, Wilson, captured no lower than twelve wickots. Cowloy won caught oil him at tho fonco iu tho first innings, nnd at the wickets iu tho second, without getting double figures in either innings. ' It would bo a good thinit for cricket in this colony if the full strength of tho country wero got together to moot that of tho metropolis in a mutch to a liuifh. I think thu lime is not far distant when the best cloven from beyond Sydney will prnvo a match for tho Metropolitan team. Iu view of tho failuro of several phiyors in the Iutorcolonials at Adolaide nnd Melbourne, tho selontors should consider tho advisability of aucording Farquhar and M'Pburson a trial next weok. They nro both good Holds, Farquhar iu particular. Hlackham, Trumblo, nud Grahnm informed tho soloctiou committee of the Victorian Cricketer* Association that they wiahud to stand out against South Australia, nud accor dingly thoy woro left out. The Sydnoy eriokoloM roturnod from New castlo npuak highly of- the hospitality ux tundoil them by the local authorities. Tho picnic on Sunday up tho Hunter Kivor was particularly oujoynMo. Among vocal con tributors woro Moss™. Chandler, Howe, Wobb, Cowley, and Uoniiigliaiu. Tho amount taken at the match iu Melbourno was i'l'JW -Is, uijuiust £11)7(1 last year. This gives a falling off of X'(W7 10a. Conlnrion to hand mneo last iasuo : -S. H. Wulfonl MS. l'nmimattii v Mucdoualdtown, on Boxing Day. F. L. Tompsou 111, Manly B v University C. on 'Varsity Oval; W. 1!. Fairfax 187, llurwood v Union C.C., at Kush cutters' Hay Oval ; H. .1. Mauphorsou 1W not out, Mudgeo v Nopeau District; Bradloy 111) not out, Centennial v Arthurleigh ; Derkin shaw 11« not out, Tumut v Wuggn ; W. Stubbius 115, Chippendale y Castle Hill ; C. Clomout 112, Loichhurdt v Liverpool. - - Lcichhnrdt playod Liverpool on tho Loioh hardt Oval on Now Year's Day. Tho visitors woro dismissed for 125 runs, 11. Douuan making 31, C. Donmui 20 not out, Groou 20, Drios 17, and Johnson 14. Scalo, Henderson, aiid Taylor secured tho wickots.. C. Clement was not of much sorvico with tho ball, buing incapacitated by having his thumb burst iu attouipting to tako a hot return, and had to retire. Loiohhardt put together 185 for eight wickols, 0. Clomont batting brilliantly for 112 and W. Jonos making 27 in good stylo. Tho Douuan -brothers put iu tho best work with the bull for Livorpool. r Tho match botweon North and South Tns lntintii wus coninioiiciod (it Liiuiiccntott on Tuesday, 2Gth nit. Tho wickot was heavy, and the northern playorx worn all disposod of for 43. Tho South made 121, Burn scoring 20 and Eady 27. In their second iuuiugs the Nortlis made 120 for the loss of four wickols. tho highest scorers being ltock 3G not out uud J. Savigny 39. The mutch was rosnmod on Wednosday. Tho Norths continued their innings, aud by lunch time Uock had increased his scoro to 9G aud Savigny to 1)3. After lunch wickots fell rapidly, though Ham mond scored 21, and tho innings closed for 275. Tho South commoncod . their second innings with 193 to got to win, but wore nil put out for 131. Burn made 27, M'Leod 21, and Eady 15. demons, tho wickot-keeper for tho South, had his hand badly split by a ball, and M'Leoil was badly cut by a ball which split his lip, necessi tating two stitches being put in it. In commenting on tho Viotorinn match, ' Folix ' writes that Mooro's wicket-koopiug pleased him. His stylo is oasy — no fuss, no embroidory — and ho does his work soundly, suroly, and cluverly. Some rather bad re turns were taken by him iu a, way that could liot fnil to yvin warm approval. Tho Mait lumler'g batting does not socm to havo ploasod the Melbourne critics. From what I ean' gather from our own playors who havo returned from the South, Mooro did not understand Trott's slow -log bronks a. little' bit. It ought not to lake him long to learn tho proper way to play such a ball us Trott howls. Tho toam of Sydney criokoters under Mr. Colcmnu Davis' management will leave for Now Zealand on tho 13th inst. A Molbourno paper thus doscribes tho run out of Turner by Bannorman : — In the first over Turner called Buuuormau for a run, and raced down the pitch. Too late ho found there was no response, and turned to go back, but a rathor awkward return by Graham was cleverly taken by Trumble, and Turner never bad the ghost of a chance to get to his crease. Tho first wicket went thus before a run had boon scored— but thoro Was 110 enthusiasm ovor it. Such luck was a littlo too hard, oven for' Viotoriaus. Trott nuggestod that Alick was to blame, and should havo sacrificed his own wickot. ' I would havo done it,' said tho little stonowallcr, ' if they hadn't put the wickot down bo quickly.' Close observers noticed, however, that Alick had carofully put his foot inside tho croaso when ho saw Tumor gotting lo'o closo. Onco Alick had to sacrifico bis wickot. '1'hat was ' whou his brothov Charley pulled him out of tho croaso after tho return of tho first Australian Eleven and took it himself, with the remark, ' You'ro hotter out than me.' Not many batsmon have beeu able to say that siuae. 