AMUSEMENTS. The production at the Bijou Theatre on Monday evening of Mr. J.H. Lyons's new and original Australian drama, "The Squatter's Pardon," is creating a considerable amount of interest, and judging from the eaooess which has attended the rehearsals of the drama it should meet frith a favorable reception at the bands of local playgoers. Mr. Waller Bentley has a congenial part as Sam Short, the hero of the drama, and Mr. J. HL lyonsias written a oombdy put for himself, in which he should appear to great advantage. The Misses Moffat and Woodcock are also well cast, and Miss Mary Bancroft has a bright little character to play, which is eminently calcu lated to display her capabilities as a soubrette. "The Squatter's Pardon" will be well mounted, new ecenery having been painted for the occasion, and & crowded house may fairly be anticipated for the initial performance. A capital programme has been arranged for the forthcoming benefit to Me H. J. Whit tington, the late treasurer of the Theatre Royal. Mis 3 Guli. Hack, A.8.C.M., acd Miss liooy Stevenson will contribute vocal nambers, and Messrs. Beaumont . Bead; A. Duncan, N. Malcolm, and W. Warner will also Bing. Mr. Morley will recite, and the Adelaide Dentscher Tarn Verein, tinder the direction of Mr. Hugo Lesohen, will give an exhibition of Indian club swinging. The dramatioportionof the entertainment will in olade "Written in Sand," by the Thespian Dramatic Club, and a farce by the Royalists. The tickets for the performance are going- off freely, and there h every reason to believe that a substantial sum will be handed to the benefieiare. All the arrangements for tbe Benfley- Webeter concerts are now completed, Mr. P. A. Howeils having taken the matter in hand. Miss Isabel Webster arrives in Adelaide next week from Melbourne, and will be assisted by Me B. Niteohke, Mr. A. Duncan, Miss Mary Bancroft, and others. Mr. Bencley'a contri butions to the entertainment will comprise:— " European Guides," a humorous sketch by Mark Twain; "The New Editor," by Max Adeler; "The Dream of Eogeoe Aram," by Hood; and "Oar Family Vault," a most amnsing trifle by Brete Harte. Mr. Bentley may also recite "Tarn o' tihanter." The Cyclorama of the Battle of Waterloo wag again well patronised on Friday, and the additional attractions of Napoleon's ghost and the enchanted fountain of laughing waters once more met with enthusiastic applause. Mr. Lookley's lecture and the musical illustrations given tmder the direction of Mr. Dennis Keenan add greatly to die pleasure of the onlookers, whose unanimous verdict is that the show is a thoroughly interesting and delightful one. A very attractive programme has been arranged for tonight's Continental, when Mrs. E. W. Oldham and Mr. E. Nitschke are to sing. Mr. Nitschke has jnst returned from Melbourne, where he has filled most soooeeafnl engagements at the Exhibition, Liedertafel, and Kowalski concerts, and Lib reappearanoe at tbe Continentals will be heartily welcomed. The Mediterranean will be illustrated by ex ceptionally good and interesting views of Marseilles, Gibraltar, Cannes, Nice, Corsica, Monaco, Genoa, Naples, Sorrento, Capri, MV, and Algiers, the exhibition concluding with a representation of a fire in London. An excellent programme of promenade music will be given by the Eastern Suburban Band. Miss Ada Crossley, the well-known con tralto, who is leaving Australia at the end of March to continue the Btndyof her profession in Europe, will be tendered a complimentary concert by leading members of the musical profession in the 'Sown Hall, on Thursday evening, March 8. A most attractive pro gramme of vocal ana instrumental music is in course of preparation. On Wednesday evening the Willing Workers' Company gave one of their enjoyable enter tainments to the inmates of the Destitute Asylum. Mr. G. N. Twelftree presided and the following programme was carried out satis factorily : — Overture, Misses Goodall and Sorrel! ; song, "Just a song at twilight," Miss F. Chaplin: recitation, "Kissing cap,"Mr. Peek; song. "He's ooming home to-night," Miss Goodall; recitation, "Curfew must not ring to-night," Mr. Knight; comic song, "Railway guard." Mr. Stanley Evans; sang, "Out on the rocks," Miss F. Chaplin; recitation, Mr. Peek; song, Miss Goodall; comic song, "I couldn't," Mr. Stanley Evans ; recitation, "Gone with a handsomer man," Mr. F. Duxbury. Miss Sorrell played the accom paniments throughout the evening. Mr Stanley Evans as usual delighted the inmates with his oomic songs. Miss F. Chaplin, who has a rich alto voice, sang the songs allotted her very very sweetly. Miss Goodall also was in good voice. Altogether the entertainment was thoroughly appreciated. The Willing Workers' Company will give their next enter tainment at the North-terrace Lunatic Asylum. The City Volunteer Band gave a concert on the Rotunda on Friday to a large audience. The programme, carried out under Bandmaster Hodder, consisted of: —March, "Boccacio," Snppe; polka (solo), "Tripleechoes," Jones; selection, "Norma," Bellini; waltz, "Lille," Strauss; selection, "Gemsof Wales," Hare; quadrille, "Monte Carlo," Williams; waltz (vocal), "Thine for ever." Fabian Base; and march, "British patrol," Asch. 