REV. J. X;' BiLL AT CASTEBTON. tre'-lNDUOTIoN service. (Wg take tho following from the "Casterton News.") Tire induction' aervicea in oon nootion with the appointment of tire Rev. J. A. Ball, formo'rly of Avoca, to the incum bency of Christ- Church. Casterton in nlaae of tbo Rev. J . H. Macfarlano, B.A., who has boon appointed to the incumbeucy of Camperdown, took plaoe last evening. Tbo induction services were held in tho Church, and were conducted by tbe Veu. Archdeacon Allnutt, who rood tbe lesson. There was a crowded congregation, tho uBual worshippers being augmented by many from tho other churches, the Revs. J. L- Phillips and 0. Angwon, being amongst those present. - The sorvjee opened with the singiog of the prooossional hymn, the vestrymen enter ing tire aislo followed by the Rev. Mr- Ball and tire Rev Mr Pobjoy, and tlren tho Von. Archdeacons marched to the chaocoi, Tlio Von. Archdeacon Coopor road tho warrant of appointment of tire Rev. J, A. Ball to tho uliurgp of Casterton, and aftor- wards the solemn sorvico of induotion, Tlio cuBtomury declarations and oaths wore taken. Arolideaoon Coopor then road the Bishop's hconso, Silont prayor followed on beholf of the new incumbent. ' Tlren the 157tli hymn 'Come Holy Ghost, Our Souls Inspire' was sung, tho congrega tion kneeling. Tlio Anthem ' How boautiful upon the Mountoins' was Bung, by tho choir. The evening service was then conducted, tire lesson being read by Archdeaoon All- nutt. Aichdoacon Cooper preaohod tho indue- tion sormon, choosing his text from 1 Chron. xxviti, 20, 1 And David said to Solomon his son, Bo strong and do it ; fear not nor bo dismayed ; for Lord.God even my. God, will bo with thee ; He will not fail thee, nor for. sake tlioe, until all tlio work for the servioo of tho houso of the .Lord,' The preaoher evidenced the ontliusia'sm of David in tho work of the Lord, and tho enthusiasm ho imparted to his son Solomon. Ho then illustrated Hie labors of those who had worked for thorn iu God right down tlio centuries. Thoy had a church organisation that had bleuimhos becauso it had a human eidc to it.— but still thoy had a bounteous store of good work handed down to them to do God s work. So it was with their new vioar. Ho felt that ho was ontoring into a work that was bognn by a preacher who ho. gan tlio work nearly a generation ago. Hia momory was still groon with thorn. Tiien tliey had they had thoir vicar who had aborcd amongst them 22 years. He had loft his work behind him, and their new vioar was ontoring on it. This wes a day or action and whan it was tlio quostion of lire Master, To go work iu the vineyard,' thoy would use tho Saviours words to Mnry of Cana of Galilloe. Now to do tho work of tho Master, ths servant required three tliingB. 1st, personally tho door of tho work must bo strong and of good courage, ooconilly ho must secure tlio co-oporulion of othors, and thirdly ho must realise the uivino presence and power. Their brother liad not come horo of his own aooord It was not of his own doaire. It was not of his own consent, after 17 yoars labour in anotlior parish that ho came hero, hut he had been called by duty, called of God and Ire camo id unswerto that call. There wore many disappointments connootcd wilh ministerial life, temptations a n< I discourage- tnents just the same as lire husbandman met with when he sowed his good seed and ( found the crop blasted. Against that the minister had the SBsuranoo of his text ' that j God was with him aud thato!5555 1 forth and would he at his -it?, ,6e»t tb E that God would abundantly bll'.'H kjl But their minister would req ,i tion, the co.operalion of those be in the van and dared utid ll w ? »l!l Master, Jesus Christ, and 1,« ,0't!iK ful for tlio many who labored ValblI in Casterton. What conld th05d lb,.ktl! such laymen ? YVoul,; that - "1 orated themselves lo tho Lord their work had great pow„ congregation. Their vicar l,.jnp03 Ct been received with many m-.H ions of kindness, and lie apnca|.d , help him and join in witH.b £S ward that wai to come horeafte, V to tho maBter who had died for n ,aHl loyal to tlreir minister. Th.„ -0, h both, but wlmt ho would imIJLn"1 was to realise the presence of iu 00 "«i Gnd's Holy Spirit. Feeling that f0" to last in tlreir ministry, tho issue work would Dover bo donbtfal qv lb"-i know that tlreir labor would not" tl<7 in the Lord. God's spirit wonu ,a < therefore realisicg the Dr! J. p,S"'l; Omnipotent One he would bid b- Yicar) to go forward in Christ's hie work. Bo constant in soaioa l' season ; let it be your meat and diitel tho work of your Honvenlv p.? 0 ll % when tire day comes when yoa'lVI called to givo an account of ,t,- , !,| given you. you will bo able to eiv '' nf I lord, h-re am I and the obiMTCnV,„ f'i given mo. May children l, oi .fruit of your mm.Mry, tijeo ),„ wr„u" g tho loy'of Ins-soul at tire blessed b-cts cH'l and which-makeaUD for all tho disco - H .men's and difficulties of a lone lit "'Hi sorvioe 8 ,,:il 