IT is not at all likely that the Assem- bly will vote the Patterson Govern- ment down in order to enable Mr SHIELS and his friends to return to the Treasury benches. Granted that the House and the country are disap- pointed with the budget, at the least in some of its aspects, yet it by no means follows that one of Sir Graham Berry’s production would be preferred. Mr Carter finishes the year 1593 4 with a deficit of £665,338, due to his persistent over-estimation of every source of revenue, and to some ex tent to "his unwise abandonment of the taxation he proposed when he met Parliament with his financial state ment. But the Shiels-Berry Govern ment left a deficit on the year 1892-3 of no less than £1,254,045, which was due to their desertion of their own Casterton programme, and to the reck less prodigality with which they threw away the Customs revenue by heighten ing the import duties. What might happen were the Opposition financiers possessed of any recognised or proved ability, it is not worth while to con jecture. Bub with an Opposition hopelessly discredited in the one qualification which the exigencies of the times demand, the result of next Tuesday’s division can hardly be doubtful. The hero who borrowed a million through London commission agents, merely to lock it up in the Melbourne banks until it was time to pay it back again, at a loss of some-, thing over £30,000 on the transaction; is hardly the kind of gentleman to be trusted with the finances of the State. Nor is the method of his present attack upon the Government calculated to induce the world to believe that he has gained in discre tion. He has given notice of a motion which, if carried, would certainly he a decided defeat for the Ministry, but he has done so in face of the fact that his own accession to office in a House which dismissed him is an impossibility, and with the full knowledge that his position may be easily turned. The Government has but to satisfy its sup porters that the budget will be amended and a technical motion can easily be contrived to foil his attack. This will be the probable end of the struggle. Nobody likes the budget. The trades it is intended to relieve are as dissatisfied as those it is proposed to tax, and these, with good reason, are furious. Already it is alleged that in tense hardship will be caused by the “drag neb” clause and its duties of ten per cent. We ask “what we can do to help agriculture ?” and “ How we can find work for the unemployed?” The budget piles up duties on many of the goods the farmer uses \- on his hosiery, his cotton and linen goods, the kerosence with which he lights his house, the sewing machine with which his wife and daughters make many a saving, and the saucepans in which they cook his dinner; the separator he, uses in his dairy, the tin cans in which he puts his milk, and the moleskins in which his laborers encase themselves. Surely this is not the way in which agriculture can be effectively assisted. The effect the new duties will have upon the unemployed will be easily understood when it is remembered that many of them are placed upon the raw materials of industry. One Melbourne firm alone (Messrs Foy and Gibson) a few weeks ago made a public statement, which excited much notice at the time, . “ that they employed a thousand hands in making up non-dutiable materials, all of whom they would have to dis charge if the goods were taxed.’-’ They are now intensely uneasy, and no wonder. A thousand people added to the unemployed, with no compensation to receive and no offer of free land and six months’ half pay, would be a con tingent calculated to cause much un easiness to most people. . The workers in tin-plate, the fruitgrowers and pre serving factories, the miners, and all others who use metals in the prosecu tion of their daily labors are threatened. It is already announced j that the Euroa Rabbit Factory, em-1 ploying ; 200 people and canning 125.000 rabbits per month, must be closed at once unless tin is retained on the free list, and as it is with this establishment so with many others. The “drag : net” will have to be drawn up and emptied, and instead of the duties which have raised so much con demnation other taxes will have to be substituted. There are numerous precedents for the withdrawal or entire modification of a budget. Indeed, only last year Mr Carter himself withdrew his pro posals for direct taxation and substi tuted the primage duties, concerning which there has been so much trouble; and the sugar duty, which struck at every table in the land, rich or poor, and taxed them all alike. It is now evident that the proposals for direct taxation, if moderate, straightforward, and equitable, would have a much better reception. People see that it is absolutely impossible to raise more revenue through the Custom House, and are ready to discuss other means of obtaining money to pay the claims on the State. The ratable value of property comprised within the muni cipalities is given by Mr Hayter at £197,360,940. A tax of a halfpenny in the pound on this amount would produce £411,168, or just enough to make up for the £167,000 Mr Carter expects to obtain from the new duties and for the £238,000 he mistakenly hopes to obtain from an altogether improbable increase in the returns from railways, Customs, and land. He would increase the popularity of his proposals if to such a modification as this he added a scheme of retrenchment to be applied to the larger sources of expenditure. He should propose to reduce the number of members of Parliament to sixty, and their pay to £2OO per annum; should limit the Cabinet to six Ministers, at a maximum salary of £lOOO, and deal in tho same way with the higher officials of State. Then he would find the Civil service easier to deal with, the public less prone to suspect unfair ness, and the national expenditure more thoroughly within control. Victoria is by no means the only colony which has' the melancholy con sciousness of a deficit. Our kinsmen in Queensland are in the like position, and they too have to deplore the falling-off in the receipts from customs and railways. The last-named source of revenue has proved a special disap pointment. The receipts during the financial year just ended fell short of the estimate by £IIS,OOO, and were less by £67,000 than those of the previous year. Happily, in face of the falling revenue the Government set to work to economise and contrived to end the year with a debit balance of only £8467. As this sum has to be added to an accumulated deficit of over a million and a half, which it raises to £1,575,285, the plight of the Queens-' landers is not enviable. Indeed as they only number 421,000 against the 1.160.000 of Victoria, their deficit, which is almost exactly half as large as our own, is even more burdensome. A revenue of £3,350,086 is required to cover the expenses of Queensland during the coming year, and of this the railways, which three years ago re turned £1,052,536, are only estimated to yield £750,000. As their milage is nearly as great as that of Victoria, it will bo seen that the relative income is very small. The Treasurer evidently takes a rather gloomy view of his chances in all respects, since he proposes to retrench all salaries over. £l5O, and increases the excise duties on tobacco and cigars. Like the rest of the Australian financiers, those of Queensland have been troubling themselves about a State note issue, and tried to put a plan in action. The Government was in the receipt of £15,000 from a note tax of 3 per cent, on the half million issued by the banks. The Treasurer adopted a method slightly resembling that followed by the American Government. The. de partment printed blank notes and issued them to the banks upon the latter depositing a portion of the issue in gold, and paying a percentage on the rest. Then it turned out that the banks could get along witli £300,000, and the Government only received half its old profit. Anew scheme for increasing the issue to a million has fallen flat, and in that direction there is no help. For Queensland, as for Victoria, there is indeed no patent method of paying the expenses of the State. Nations, like individuals, must produce the money, and it is impos sible to procure it in any other way than from the pockets of the tax payers. According to the agricultural statis tics there is an increase of 48,894 acres in the area of land cultivated during the year 1893-4, just ended, over that preceding. This would be very satis factory news were it not that the number of holdings has diminished from 35,223 to 34,549, a decrease of 674\. There certainly is nothing en couraging in the reflection that we have lost two per cent, of the persons who held land for cultivation, and have added about as much to the extent of the holdings of the remainder, the actual increase being from 2,970,115 to 3,019,909 acres. There are, however, some compensating considerations. There are increased areas under wheat, oats, malting barley, peas and beans, potatoes, bearing vines, and gardens and orchards. All of these excepting the first may be set down as distinctly profitable to the cultivator. On the other hand it is somewhat extraordinary to read that over a hundred thousand acres less were devoted to hay, the yield of which fell from 740,019 tons to 503,355. Surely the compressed fodder industry should be organised at the earliest possible date to encourage the growth of forage crops. The area devoted to maize was almost as large as in 1892-3, being 6455 acres against 6667, but the yield fell from 373.153 bushels to 180,442, a disaster clearly not due to any lack of interest on the part of the grower. It may reasonably be expected that in the coming year the area laid down in wheat will be less, and it may be hoped that the increase in the number of gardens and orchards will be maintained. As we point out else where, European markets are being opened for our fruits, and it is to the great European trade we must look for renewed prosperity. .Mr Kirlon resumed the debate nn the second reading of the Mines Act Amendment Bill in the Legislative Assembly yesterday. He gave a general support to the measure, but deprecated the oeutralising policy ap parent in the abolition of the old mining andprospecting boards, and their amalga mation as anew body, bound hand and foot with red tape, and only capable of moving at the dictation of the Minister or the department. We give Mr ELirton’a speech in full in onr Parliamentary report. Mr Sterry followed on very similar lines, and, ae he had not concluded his remarks when the time for Government business ex pired, he moved the adjournment of the debate. On the motion of Mr Winter, a bill to ex cept from distraint for rent tools, imple ments, and instruments of trade, and neces sary wearing apparel/to a value not exceed ing £2O wns passed through all its Rtages. Mr E. Murphy carried the first measure in troduced by him —a bill to enable any Vic torian-born person admitted as a lawyer in New South Wales or South Australia to practise in Victoria. The brief debate that ln»k place upon the bill showed a desire to extend the privilege to any barrister or solicitor practising in any part of Australia, and in committee it was amended to Bpply to all the colonies, including New Zealand. It was also decided that reciprocity on the part of the other colonies was a condition precedent to the bill coming into operation. As nmended, the bill was passed through all its stages and ordered to be sent nn to the Council, Mr Morphy warmly thanking hon. members for allowing him to pass his first bill, after being in the House for nine years. The House then adjourned. To-night a mass meeting of workers, con vened by the Trades and Libor Council, will be held in the Assembly-room of the Alfred Hall, to protest against the latitude shown to Chinese in the manufacture and sale of furniture, and the sweating evil consequent thereon. The question is one that has. been before the Victorian public for a very long time, and lias recently occupied the atten tion of the Melbourne Trades’ Hall Council and other labor organisations, mors particu larly the carpenters and joiners unions in Melbourne, Ballarat, and Bendigo. The local Trades’ Council feel that the matter has only been discussed, and while publicity has been given thereto nothing definite has been done. It is intended to take some decisive stpp, and the resolutions that may ba adopted to-night are to bo kept constantly before the authorities. The Rsvr. Pliilp and Sinden and the members of Parliament for the district are expected to take part in the meeting. The president and other members of the Trades and Labor Council will also speak. Notification Ims been received by the porters at the Ballarat West railway station that until further notice they are to work only five days a week. - On Wednesday night the Ballarat Electric Supply Company met tn consider the E : ectric Light and Power Act, introduced to Parliamant this session by the Hon. Agar Wynne, Postmaster-General. Mr F. H. Tuthill, solicitor to the company, at tended and explicitly explained its pro visions. A letter was also read from the Crompton Company, the underwriters to the local body, expressing an opinion that the bill was a very fair measure. The bill principally provides for the control of elec tric light organisations, and deals with their relations to the municipalities, which are virtually placed in thu same position of the Board of Trade holds to the lighting companies of the old country, where, as far back ns ISS2, legislation dealing with this matter was introduced. Sections 4 and 5 have especial interest for Ballarat citizens. Four provides that at the expiration of six months after the commencement of the Act no council, com pany, or person shall construct any electric line, nr supply electricity for public or private purposes, except under the authority of an order in Council made pursuant to this Act. Clause 5 lays down that this section shall not apply to any electric lines erected before the commencement of this Act, or to the works of any council nr company erected before euch date, but that all snch lines and works shall be subject to the provisions of the Act at the expiration of one year after its commencement. The Ballarat company hope to bn in full going order before the ex piration of six months, so that the Order in Council, as provided for bv section 4, will not be neeessary. Clause 33 of the bill pro vides that any council within whose urea electric lighting works are situated may, within six months after the expiration of 42 years or such shorter period as is specified in the order or special Act, at a valuation by arbitration, purchase the plant, &c.;, at a fair market valup, with due regard to the nature of the building*, &c.; This section consequently gives a greater concession to the companies than that whioh the loaal body now seek. A deputation from the Ballarat company will to-day wait upon the Town Council to request that the agreement should be finally signed, so that the work may be at once commenced, and the con tracts with the Railway Department and private consumers fulfilled. A meeting of railway «mployos will bo held to-night at the A.N.A. Hail, Camp B‘reet, to consider the ratrencment proposals of the Government. .-Mr E. Jo-ke, LL.B., secretary of the Railways Benefit Society, and other gentlemen will address the meet ing. All citizens' who sympathise with the employes are cordially invited to attend the meeting, which will commence at 8 o’clock. Mayor Thompson does not intend, ns has been stated, to purchase in Melbourne the treeß for planting the wnate lands of the City, but to obtain them in Ballarat. The work of planting the first thousand will be entered upon in the course of a week or two. The mayor is of opinion that it would be preferable, as is done iu the old country, to raise the timber from the Be»ds, as he con siders that the treeß would flourish much better. Blue gums will no doubt be first planted, and a definite scheme for the nature and method of distribution in the future will be decided upon by the conncil. The Town Council meet this afternoon. It is the intention of the railway em ploys to leave the result of their delibera tions to-night entirely with the public. Their grievance will be stated in all its bearings, and explanations regarding the lopping off of increments, &q; } Concerning which the public is said to be ignorant, will be given, and if tho cause of the men is considered by the meeting to be a just one, the residents of Ballarat will be asked to take it up, and intercede on behalf of those affected. The half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Banking Company will be held at 4 o’clock this afternoon, at the Banking Chambers. At yesterday’s annual meeting of contri butors to the Female Home, the rev. gentle men present spoke in laudatory, terms of tho good work being done by the conductors of the institution. The balance-sheet showed that the subscriptions and donations for the year amounted to £2OB 6i 3d, and tho pro needs of the work of the inmates to £336 15s Si. _ The expenditure amounted to £563 7s. leaving a credit balanoa at the bank of £332 12s lid. It must be pointed out, however, that the collections for this year have already been made, bo that funds are needed bv the committee to carry on the charitable effort. The oredit balance iB at present being drawn on for immediate necessities. The report furnished elsewhere gives f o ]j particulars relative to all matters pertaining to the home. So satisfied were the general body of contributors with the past work of the oommittee that the retiring members were unanimously elected. Shortly after 10 o’clock last night the lusty bowling of a very little boy created quite a sensation at the Western railway station. It was at first feared that the youngster had met with some fearful but on hastening to the truck from which the cries came those on the platform were relieved to find that the whole of the noise waß made by a mite of a fellow whose brother found him sleeping nnder a couple of chaff bags. He had been absent from home siuce early in the day, and strongly protested against being disturbed and brought back. In dealing with a case at the Town Police Court yesterday, in which a young man named J. A. Bennetts was fined os for riding a bicycle on the footpath in Victoria street, Mr Leader, P.M., said that persons cannot walk without inconvenienoe at the top of Sturt street on Sunday in conse quence of well-dressed persons utili-ing the footpath for bicyoling. He also thought the practice of riding the maohines at night without a light Bhould be stopped. JJ r Hamilton stated' that the police are taking action in the matter. The police magistrate further remarked that he hoped there would not be one law for the rich aud auother for the poor. A number of the business people in Bridge street have been notified,by the police that their advertisement boards announcing extra ordinary sales, &c.;, niUßt be raised to at least 9J feet above tho pavement, a rale i which in many cases has been neglected. The firms concerned have been warned that unless they comply with the regulations legal proceedings will be taken. , Sid news has come to Australia from Manchester. The wife of Gipsy Smith, who was iii declining health, has passed away in her husband’s absence, the telegrams reach ing Australia after the Arawa had sailed, so that Mr Smith —who was anxious to reach the Eastern Stateß to be near home—will only hear of his wife’s death three weeks after the event. Sympathy will be felt for Mr Smith in his bereavement in threa countries —Britain, America, and Australia —where he has endeared himself to many. Messrs Whykes, Rail, Retallnck, and Gurthoys, J’s.P., presided at tho City Police Court yesterday. A email boy named Percy Morris was proceeded against for oausing an annoyance at the convent, Dawson Btreet, by ringing the door bell and then running away. Sergeant Moran stated that in con sequence of the annoyance caused to the ladies of the convent by boys perpetually giving runaway rings, a complaint had been made to the police, and Constable Slater, who was instructed to deteot the culprits, was successful in catching the present de fendant. Ab the lad bore a good character, and there was no wish to press the charge, the defendant was discharged with a caution. The monthly inspection of the Ballarat East police was made yesterday by Sub- Inspector Hamilton, who congratulated Senior- Constable Boyce on the general appearance of the men under his charge. The whole of the greenery in the massive and exquisite feßtoona and garlands used in the decorations of St. Mary’s Church, Wen douree, yesterday, on the occasion of the celebration of the feaßt of St, Alphonsus—a report of which is given in another portion of Tha Star— were obtained from the Monastery grounds. The many handsome trees and hedges are thriving splendidly, and before long the entire gardens will b“ as attractive as they are ex tensive. The flower beds and drives are iD thorough order and give evidence' of careful attention. The vegetable portion is looking well, and some excellent cabbages, cauli flowers, and other growths have been obtained. On Thursday next Mr Gordon will, unop posed, move—“ That there be laid before this House a return showing—l. The nnmber of petitions for divorce during the three years ending 3lst December, ISS9, and the three years ending 31st December, 1593, respectively. 2. The nnmber of divorces granted by the Supreme Court during the same periods.” The City Council will pay a visit to the proposed site for a sewage farm early next week. A jibbing horse, attached to a buggy con taining a gentleman and two ladies, caused some excitement in Bridge street yesterday afternoon. The animal, which was moat erratic in its movements, after giving a kind of circus performance in front of the North Grant hotel, suddenly backed the vehicle with great force against a verandah post in front of Levy and Goddard’s produce store. The verandahfortunately stood the shook,aod beyond smashing up the breeching and other portions of the harness little damage was done. It is Btated that Mr H. C. Rhys Jones has issued a writ claiming £lOOO damages for alleged defamation of character front Mr W. E. Ballhausen, of the firm of Goller end Company, wine and spirit merchants. Mr Henry Brind, of the Warrenheip Dis- tillery, draws attention to an article in yes terday's Ari/us. which contained the state ment that £50,000 was annually Inßt to the colony through Che looal distilleries. He desires to point nut that the alleged bonus of 4s a gallon means only that there is a dif- ferential duty of 4s, wh>ch results in benefit to the community through the public being enabled to purchase first-class spirit at a much cheaper rate than otherwise would obtain. If, he says, the duty is reduced, as proposed in the budget, the manufacture of colonial gin, spirits of wine, &0., will be en tirely done away with. It is understood that the marble lions at the gardens, donated by the Hon. D. Ham, will be formally unveiled in a fortnight’s time, and the gates given by the Hon. E. Morey declared open. A meeting of friends nnd supporters of Mr C. Johnston, candidate for the north ward (Ballarat East) was held at the Royal Oik hotel, Peel, street north, last sight. There was a large attendance of ratepayers; Mr J. Williams presided. Mr Johnson briefly addressed the meeting, after which all present formed themselves into a com mittee to secure his return. A vote of thank3 to the chairman brought the meeting to a close. The Ballarat Hare and Hounds have de cided to hold a road race on the 17th of thiß month; distance about 2J miles, for a trophy, presented by Mr J. N. Dunn, M.L.A. Ike course being from the Town baths along Hurnffray street as far as Mount Pleasant Reserve, around the same, and then dorvo Barkly street to Grant street, and Peel street home,’finishing at the bridge. The course will be chained next week, so as to have the oorrect distance. Shareholders are reminded that the thirteenth ordinary half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Trustees Executors and Age" o ? Company, Limited, will be held atCrsig B Royal hotel, Lvdiard street, this (Friday) afternoon, nt 4 30 o’clock. \- Our Maryborough correspondent wired Ia night:—“lntelligence was receiv ed to-day of the death of tlie Rev. A. Lemire, who about three years ago vacated the position of parish priest of Maryborough. For the last two years the deceased clergyman was presi dent of St. Mary’s College, Trinidad, where he died. Father Lemire was a member or the Holy Ghost Order, which established * college in Ballarat, now called St- Patrick 9 College, under the presidency of tho Very Rsv. Dr Reffe. The rev. gentleman was greatly respected, and intelligence of hi B death occasions much regret here.” John N. Lecras, two years old, of Nichoj bou street, yesterday fell on the floor, » n “ sustained a green-stiek fracture of H* 9 shr ulder-bone. The Rev. ThomasCook’smissinn in GeelocS is sustaining the record of success which has attended his paßt 14 yearß of evangel istic work. The South Melbourne Wesley Bo Church reports some hundreds of additions to its membership, and Geelong for three days 114. The Mechanics’ Institute > 8 crowded every night. Mr Cook anticipate B a crowning ingathering at Ballarat, It ffBS feared that tha two missioners would over lap at Ballarat, but this is not now likely- A special meeting of tho Ballarat Harriers wps held at Mr Cranoage’s rooms last nig o9 when several items of interest were deal with. The club has d’eided on having * five mile sealed handicap on the 31st Aug oB - The choosing of the coarse—a cross-country one—has been left in the hands of the secre tary and captain (Messrs V. J. Pnthiß R. Thompson) who no doubt will nr#* 9 it a good tost run for the coining croW’’ . „ rare next month. It may also bo country r»c R Ro „ e Minstrel roenll ° n hsv kindly consented to give an nm«t m the A.N-A. Hall on the ent f rt . to defray the expenses of send- S It was also decided that all m«m -• i tn train for the ahove will meet Gynjnaslum elderly man named Michael Moran, a \- V was arrested on warrant yesterday by Constables M'Pherson and Sner on a charge of indecent exposure. The aliened offence was committed on Wed lh , v Hfternoon, in the presence of several "'hoof children. The d-fendant, who was folsed in the Town lock-up, will be brought before the police court this morning. r, ShoDDee when in Melbourne on Wed- Jly was taken ill, and on hie arrival hnme wa* compelled to take to his bed, hire he remained throughout yesterday. Hi, many friends will, however, be glad to “ ear that he is now progressing towards recovery. There was a good muster of militiamen n radr H t the Orderly Room last night, retain Laidlaw was in command, and the battalion was put through company drill onder the company officers. One of nur old banking friends, writing from London to Mr William Little, his bu«i nes, agent, says The grass crop now being mown is the finest known fnr many * and, should weather continue aa it is for another foitnight. the ernp of hay in Eneland will materially affect the outturn of the trial shipment from Ballarat. Last year roe hay crop wa» a failure. ’ He also en rtoees a butcher’s handbill headed “ New Zealand lamb now in season; prices for prime nnalitv tides and forequarters, 6Jd; hind qnarters and should.re, SI; legs, 9d; ribs, 5Jd; and necks, 6d.” The following notice appears in the last i„sue of the Police Gazette-—" Henry W, Hill Crichton House, Drummond street north Ballarat, reports stolen; from his bed room ’at the Federal C"ffe« Palace, Collins street, Melbourne, on the 29th inst., a gold tovlee’s hunting Waltham watch. Value, £55. An excellent concert was given on Wed nesday evening to the inmates of the Hos pital for Insane by the Ballarat Hospital Concert Company, at which there was a fair attendance of the public. The following is the programme rendered :—Overture, “ The bells ” Nurses Sage and Short; song, “Let me like a soldier fall,” Mr P. W. M‘Nally; song, Nurse Bradehaw; song and dance, Mr F. Balmer; song, “ Katp O’Shane.” Nurse Sags; song, "Tarof the Queen,” Mr Nan carro’w; song, “ The Bong that reached my heart," Nurse Glnyas; snug (comic), “ Widow M’Carthy," Mr J. P. Heffernan; trio, “ The wreath,” Nurseß Gluyan, Bradshaw, and Mr Nancarrow ; song, “Another Day,” Nurse Thomas; song, “The bridge,” Nurse Jones; duet, “E»glnnd and Ireland, ’ Messrs Hrffer nan and Nancarrnw; song, “ The blind girl to her harp," Nurse Bradshaw; Bong, “Marguerite," Nurse Gluyes; song, “Mollie Asthore,” Mr P. W. M‘Na!!y; song, “Apart,” Nurse Jones; song and dance, F. Balinor; snug and chorus." “Home at last,’’ Mr Nanoarrow and Company; song (comic), “I owe ten dollars to O’Grady,” Mr J. P. Heffernan; '• God SBVe the Queen,” company. Mr Sage acted as accompanist during the evening. We are informed that Mr Whnrland has been asked by a largely signed requisition to contest the seat in the south riding of the Buninyongshire Council. Mr J. Court has also been asked to contest the same Beat, but has resigned in favor of Mr Whorland. Twenty-five men from each company of the local Militia nre required to attend nt the Orderly Room in drill order on Wednesday night next at 8 o’clock fnr the purpose of forming a company for the examination of efficTß. The attendance will count as a drill. At the Town Pnlico Court yesterday, be fore Mr Leader, P.M., and Messrs Pnillips, Elßwortk, Glenny, and Josephs, J’s.P., John Salter, licensee of the Seven Stars hotel, Humffray street, was fined £5 for a breach nf the Licensing Act, in not having hia bar door closed during prohibited hours. The offence was proved by Constable Wall. Mrs Ward, inspector nf shops and factories where females are employed, is now in Bal larat looking over some nf the estoblish ments. Yesterday Mrs Ward obtained, through Mr Kingsbury, the local general inspector of shops and factories, a copy of the piece and wages “ log” by which the j tailoresees here work. | A revision court wbb held yesterday at Ballarat East, when the supplementary lists fnr the Legislative Assembly of the Ballarat East electoral division and the Bouth road and Eu.eka divisions of the electoral district ofWarr""heip were certified to as correct, there bei. g no objections. The first of a series of matches in connec tion with the Militia R'fle Club, and fnr 1 which some excellent trophies are offered, will be shot at Canadians to-day and to morrow. The distances are 200 and 400 yards, and seven shots and a sighter must be fired. The handicaps are liberal, and the prizes obtainable at this match total £lO. Messrs Cocking and Skewes announce in our advertising columns their intention to clear out the balance of the assigned stock purchased from Mr Brooke. With that object in view, they have made some sweep ing reductions, which they consider cannot fail to have th« desired object. The firm *' Bo intend holding h great remnant salo on Saturday, when remnants of all description!* that have accumulated for the past month will be eold out immediately. There was an abnormally large revenue col lected by the Customs department for the month of July, naturally as the result of anticipations of increased duties, which led to heavy clearances, as was the case iu July last year under similar circumstances. The total collected was £189,173. which included ioS9S for beer duty stamps; and the draw tiHckfl and refunds cam* t,n £l2 034, leaving a net revenue „f £177,129. This is an in icr*> 86 £4974 on the revenue for July la t O,l rece *P* B °f June 