WAY OF THE WOBLD. Political Pepper and Social Salt. (By the Hen Editor.) Railway Commissioners before retiring from office publish a glowing report of their administration. As the lines haven't . been made to pay, the report is naturally a lot more ro3y than it might otherwise have been. There is a familiar air of " Govern ment policy " and budget speech about it. Next movo ! ® M'Farlane, M.L.A., is about to introduce a Bill to limit intorest charges on money lent. No rnoro shout per Bhont! Oh, Eathor Shacob ! 9 9 A man namod A tkinson, recently em ployed on The Workeb as accountant, disappeared on Friday. On Tuesday hi3 wifo got a letter from England announcing that her husband had fallen in for a legacy of Bevoval thou. " His wheroabouts," says the D.T., "are anxiously sought." They needn't trouble ; if Atkiuson is in the land of the living he will road the joyfnl tidings, and make a bee-lino for home. It would be a bit too rough for Atkiuson to have gone and done the wrong thing just at the right time. Anyway, wo hopo he will turn up and buy the Worker. and turn that Spence-riddon rag into another employers' hand-organ. s » c Some of our brave warriors have been selling the ammuition served out to them for the defence of thoir bleeding country on the gory riflo butts. A Miijah-Goneral order has been issued against this un patriotic practico, and henceforward the hero bold will havo his shootings tallied and chocked off, with the number of car- | tridgos supplied from headquarters. To 8 such base uses may the national bullet be put. Instead of being reserved for the enemy, it comes into the hands of the man who hunts the native kangaroo for his scalp. 99 Chunk of "legality" from the N.S.W. Bankruptcy Court : — Certificate Applications. Be Robort Broomfield. Mr. II. R. Way appeared for tlio applicant. The Registrar Baid that applicaut had unsatisfied judgments against hi in for seduction and breach of promise, and lie had wasted his assets in. defending actions, bo that hia creditors got only 2s 2d in the £. The certilicate would, therefore, bo refused. According to this a man has no right to defend himself against criminal accu sations. The law, which is an oternal and overlasting ass, gives any individual in Broomfiold's predicament Hobson's choice. He shall, rightly or wrongly, go to "jug" bocauso lio is unablo to feo counsel for . dofonco, or if bo eudoavors to keep cat of the grip and spends his snbstanco and goes bang, ho must remain an uncertificated . insolvent all his life. It is high time somebody with a large boot got up and kicked tko horse-hair stuffing out of the Law. Annie Henco sued George Hence for divorce on Tuesday, last, George did not appear. Ho had departed " hence." Annie got the decree " nicey." Satno day Ade laide Australia Abiss sued her husband John for ditto. A rhyme : — First a tasto of wedded bliBS, Lots of love and lots of kiss, Then a sequel suoh as this. Shows that Cupid fires amiss, And that wedlock often dashos, fervid mon and fondest mashes In a dark and deep Abiss. E. W. O'Sullivan's Amended Libel Law is likely to get through tho House without losing quite all of its hotter clauses. The Bill is badly needed. You can tell just how badly by watching how tho lawyers in the Houso will go for it in Committee. Tho amount of virtue in any measure can always be gauged by tho amount of oppo- ' sition brought to bear on it by the wigged : and gowned Children of the Devil. « « e \- "Where is Mrs. Mellon P What about her other test seance ? Lot us haste to answer : Mrs. Mollon is a gone coon. Stead's "only reliable medium," has de- Cisa-ted from evoking the festivo ghost out' of her bustle. Tho Melon patch has been rifled of its roputafion. The spook- raiser appears behind the curtain no more. Nobody with naturnl reason and the merest smattering of the Laws of Matter ' could believe for one instant that the so- called medium ..wiis other than a mere pro- tender. .There are no manifestations from the Unknown. The Dead mako no sign. Education has killed tho Churchyard ghost. Higher, education will kill the . psychical spook. The world moveB., ItB motions are over ripened; tliby will drop off entirely" in time. v -a' 6 » They talk how about replacing the steam juggernauts of Sydney streets by electric trams, j. It will cost tho country a lot of money, but anything is bettor than the hideous <jirty street barges" now on the rails. The pity - is that the responsible people don't find out these things in timo. If- New South Wales could poloaxe a few prominent politicians- and thin onfl the ranks of thti contractors, we might got rid of that accumulated deficiency. " The con tract curse is a greater evil than a dozen big droughts would be. v .... " Angy" Cameron is soured over his non-appointment to the Public Works Committoo. When Vnrney Parkes throw up the billot of President (his grand Old J>ad wouldn't havo thrown it up, though), Angy thought ho was iu for it. Ewing, however, who has a safer seat, cut him out. Angy camo down to the House that even-- ing and took it out of tho newspapers during the discussion on the Libel Law Bill. The ex- Labor member evidently wants tlio metropolitan Press to report his wishy-washy speeches in full. "Angy also spoko" is quite sufficient. Tho Wavorloy Scot will never bo a historical Cameron. He must take his gruel and find bis place. Anyhow, Angy — vinegar or no vinegar — that Bill lias got to pass. 99 A lot of folks are fretting themselves into fits over the question, " Is Sydney Liable to Fire ?" This is a parallel bogey to " Is Australia Liable to Invasion ?" Wo don't worry about such small things at this office. When wo want to get roal frightened we tako hold of ourselves by tho top waistcoat button solemnly and awesomely, and whisper in our own pretty pink oar, ' Is tlio World Liable to Bust ?" That's tho only real thing to ho scared of since old Parke3 lost his front tcoth. # Tho inovitablo Social Revolution is ripening iu Franco. It will not be a repe tition of tho Commune fiasco of twenty- fonr years back. If tho Socialists come up at all they will come to stay— at least, until tho Socialistic experiment has bcon tried and proved a failure or a success. Other Continental Governments can de- pond upon thoir armies for support in case of Social insurrection. The volatile and intelligent Froncli soldier will just as likely as nob repeat history, and turn round and fraternise with tho mob. Long live the mob ! Theirs is tho coming side. Chunk oE horror from tlio lalest Vic torian baby slaughter: — "Jano Chrosier informed tho police that tho father of tho child was Hugh Taylor, tho husband of her Bister Agues, who lived in tho same house with them. Taylor was turned out of tho houso with his wifo -nikl, and it was agreed between tl.. that Margaret's child, when born, should bo killed. The child was born on Wednesday morning, tho mother and tho sister Janot being presont at the time. Jane heard the child cry, and went into tho room. Her mother said, " Here, take this away and kill it." She took the child into the garden, and laying it on the path, struck it on tho head with a spade and split its skull. She then went inside and' told what she had done, and her mother told her to go out and bury the child. When she picked the body up tho brains fell out and the fowls ate them. » Nice healthy state of civilised barbarism wo livo in, isn't it? Nineteenth century savages seem to bo coolly capable of atrocities that a primsovul man monkey would shudder to hear of. » Two thousand women practice medicine in the United States. No wonder life is \- held so cheaply in that rapidly revolving country. 99 W. J. Spruson, who puts up for alderman in Gipps Ward, is a young Australian of more than usual promise. His ideas ou Municipal Government are sound, solid, and full of originality. We can safely pre dict that if. Mr. Spruson is elected to tho City Council he will infuse into it some of the mental activity with which ho is him- solf overflowing. Young, practical, brainy, and liberal-minded men like W. J. Spruson are badly wanted both in the Parliamentary and Municipal life of this colony. Muni cipal voters in Gipps Ward ought to note tlio fact. Farmer Wayback (starting home from \- the station) : "Please, ma'am, do you wear false teeth ?" Fair Boarder (for tho summer) : " Sir ! " Farmer Wayback : " Oh, I don't moan to be cur'ous. Only this road is a leetlo rough, and of your teeth ain't good and fast, you'd better put 'em in your pocket." "Why don't you got a boy to keop your desk in order?" inquired the caller; "it looks awfully littered up." " I keop it this way," said tho man at , the desk, " to show that I'm always busy." " But why — oh, I see ; good-day." 