TOWN TALK. The following news matter appears on our fourth page Commercial:— A Trea- sury Trouble, Misconduct of a Son Through Drink, The " Government Gazette," Netting in Lake Connewarre, Correspondence (Silver Coinage). The Minister of Customs visited the Connewarre Lakes on Saturday with the object of obtaining direct information regarding the dispute between the pro- fessional fishermen and the anglers as to the limits within which netting should be permitted in the lakes. Mr Baker was met at Ocean Grove by a large number of the fishermen, who had a competent spokesman in the person of Mr W. Long, their case being put very forcibly before the Minister. Mr A. Duckworth was present on behalf of the Anglers' and Fish Protection Society, the members of which are strongly opposed to the lakes being thrown open, being of opinion that they should be conserved as spawn- ing grounds for the fish that come up from the sea through Barwon Heads. There is a very decided conflict of opinion on the latter point, however the spokes- man for the fishermen being emphatic in the declaration that the lakes were un- united for spawning and that they were not frequented by fish for that purpose. He challenged anyone to give an instance of spawn-bearing mullet having been found in the, lakes during the past 20 years. It was urged for the fishermen that they did not desire to have the whole of the lakes thrown open to them, but simply that portion north of a line from Kissing Point to Campbell's Rock and thence via the Pelican Rocks to the eastern shore. This, it was said, would leave the main stream and the southern parts of the lakes entirely to the anglers, the professional men only seeking the right to net the fish that come in and go out with the tide. Though the Minister refrained from giving a definite expres- sion of opinion, he appeared to favorably regard the claims of the fishermen, stat- ing that the interests of those whose living depended upon the settlement of the question were not to be disregarded out of consideration for sport. Before leaving the fishermen, Mr Baker in- timated that when the matter was finally settled stringent measures would be taken against poaching upon reserved water. While at Ocean Grove on Saturday the Hon. R. Baker, who has charge if the affairs of the Education department in addition to those of the customs, was interviewed by some of the local residents in reference to the district State school, which was said to be very much in need of repair. It was estimated that the cost to the de- partment of renovating the building would not exceed £15, the residents undertaking to furnish the labor. Mr Baker promised to favorably entertain the offer submitted to him. Still another candidate is in the field for the representation of the Grant electorate in succession to Mr H. Army- tage, who has decided not to stand for re-election, Mr T. C. Thomas, of Mount Egerton, having announced, in response to a requisition, that he will contest the seat against all comers. The other can- didates who have already announced themselves are Councillor T. H. Thomp- son, mayor of the city of Ballarat; Mr Percy Chirnside, Werribee Park , and Mr M. M. Mogg, of Bacchus Marsh. Mr Lobb, of Frogmore, is also a likely can- didate in the agricultural interest. Further consideration of the question regarding the proposal to light the town and suburbs with the electric light, is to be given this evening at half-past 7 o'clock by the special committee ap- pointed by the town and borough councils. The committee which has to debate the subject consists of the follow ing members:— For the Geelong Town Council, Ald Price and Humble, and Crs.T. H. Grey, Geo. Martin, P. Robin- son and W. Abraham ; for the Newtown and Chilwell borough council, Crs A. D. Price, Miles and Francis ; for the Gee- long West borough council, Crs Dickins, Coxon and Sergeant. With the view of testing the London market as to the demand for a good description of apples grown in the Cam- perdown district, Mr W. K. Mackinnon, of Marida Yallock, has shipped several cases of that fruit grown in his own orchard. As they will be placed in the market under the most advantageous conditions possible, the result should be an excellent criterion as to the possibili- ties of the trade. The varieties selected for the consignment were those noted for their keeping qualifies, uniform size, and attractive color, and in packing the greatest care was observed. Cases capable of holding two layers of fruit were used, and each apple was wrapped in tissue paper, and packed in paper cuttings obtained from a large manufacturing stationery establishment in Melbourne. On the outside of the cases are two parallel pieces of wood, which serve to keep them apart and to allow air space between each. During the week ended on Saturday last 31,201 bags of produce were conveyed to Geelong by the railways. The produce consisted of the following:— Wheat, 19,505 bags; bran, 231 do; oats, 739 do; pota- toes, 1934 do; flour, 831 do ; pollard, 135 do; barley, 248 do ; onions, 300 do; chaff, 7088 do. Our Freshwater Creek correspondent says:— "Mr Dennon, the State school inspector for this district, made the annual examination of the scholars at- tending the local State school last Wednesday, and it has tended to still further increase Mr Clapiston's popularity as a teacher, for the percentage has gone above last year's examination, and much higher, than any previous results ob- tained in the school, the percentage being 97\. Five scholars obtained their certifi- cates, and the inspector alluded, it is understood, in very complimentary terms to the general management, though Mr Clapiston modestly declines to make any reference thereto." Judging from the splendid attendance of buyers, including speculators and investors, at the sale yards in Ryrie- street on Saturday afternoon, real estate would appear to be commanding better attention now than it has done for the past, two years. The yards of Messrs Robinson, Burns and Sparrow were filled by persons apparently eager to secure broad acres, and the biddings for two lots of grazing and agricultural lands were of a very spirited description. The paddock at Teesdale known as " Wall's," comprising 25 acres and 16 perches, was, after a brisk competition, sold to Mr J. Miller, a resident of the district, at £6 10s per acre. A block of rich agricul- tural land, consisting of 103 acres near the Anakie-road,and Bell Post Hill, close to Morongo and the properties of Messrs Hayes, Thomson and Bullivant, was, for convenience, cut into two proper- ties of 50 acres and 53 acres respectively. The 50-acre allotment below the Morongo property was eagerly sought after, and ultimately sold at £11 per acre to the Messrs Sanders Bros., of Cowies Creek. The 53-acre allotment abutting on the Ballarat line of the railway, and adjoining the 50-acre one, also commanded atten- tion, but the price offered did not come up to the owner's reserve, and the pro- perty was passed in by Mr E. R. Sparrow, the auctioneer, for private sale. In a recent prosecution at Bendigo instituted by the authorities administer- ing the Shops and Factories Act, the manager of the Sandhurst Rolling Stock Company was fined in the police court 10s with £7 15s 9d costs for having placed a non-certificated engine driver in charge of the company's engine. The full penalty for an offence of this kind is £10, and a further penalty of £1 per day for every day the uncertificated mechanic is employed at the engine. In the case in question the inspector of factories, Mr W. H. Kingsbury, found upon a second visit to the company's works that the fault complained of had been remedied, and hence only a nominal fine was asked to be inflicted. It is believed that there are some uncertificated engine drivers employed in the Geelong district, and the Bendigo prosecution should act as a warning. A cheap excursion train was run from Melbourne to Warrnambool and Port Fairy on Saturday afternoon, stopping at Geelong to pick up passengers for the western district. It was fairly well patronised considering that the winter season , is not as a rule looked upon as ad attractive time for holiday makers. About 190 persons were booked at Mel- bourne for the journey, and that num- ber was increased by 60 persons, who booked for the trip from Geelong. On Saturday morning a young man named George Edward Salmon, a watch- maker and jeweller, who formerly carried on business in Malop-street, was charged in the Geelong police court with larceny as a bailee of a silver watch and chain, valued at £4 10s, the property of Mr Wm. Salter, on the 26th June last. Mr Whyte appeared to defend the accused, and Sergeant Rogers stated that Salmon had been entrusted with the repairing of the watch, but, although frequent appli- cation was made for it by Salter he was unable to again get possession of the timepiece. The prisoner afterwards dis- appeared from Geelong, and had been arrested in Melbourne on warrant, but the police had failed to recover the watch. There were two other charges to be preferred against Salmon, in one case the watch alleged to have been stolen having been found in a pawn shop. He applied for the prisoner's remand until next Saturday, 19th inst., in order to give the police time to prepare the neces- sary evidence. Mr Whyte did not raise any objection, and the accused was re- manded until next Saturday. Prior to the magistrates retiring from the Bench at the Geelong police court on Saturday morning an application was made by Sergeant Rogers to have a couple of aged prisoners in the gaol, named Edward Rix and James Thorne, remanded on a charge of vagrancy. It was intimated to the justices that the men had just completed sentences of imprisonment of six months and three months respectively, but they were too ill to be discharged from the gaol hos- pital. There was a desire on the part of tho police and the magistrates to give the men further terms of imprisonment, but it was pointed out that in their ab- sence, and without their consent, this could not be legally performed. Dr Croker gave evidence to the effect that the two men were so seriously ill that he did not think they would leave the gaol alive, and under the circumstances it was decided to remand them for one week, so that in the meantime Mr Patterson, P.M., the visiting justice to the gaol, might have an opportunity of dealing with their cases. A resident of the Camperdown district named Frank Jepson, who has been in the custody of the police for several weeks, was brought from the gaol on Saturday morning and charged in the Geelong police court with insulting behavior. Sergeant Rogers, who appeared for the police, stated that he was unable to proceed with the charge against Jepson and explained that the accused had, as a matter of fact, been sent to Geelong for medical treatment as doubts were inter- tained as to his sanity. The appearance of the prisoner after two weeks incarcera- tion in the gaol was that of a "wild man of the woods," and the sergeant informed the magistrates that Jepson was entirely destitute and without proper warm cloth- ing for the winter. Dr. Croker gave evidence to the effect that Jepson had been under medical treatment for a fort- night. When admitted to the gaol hospital, the accused was most eccentric, and at first he appeared to be insane, due, he thought, to the effects of bad drink. The prisoner, however, had now recovered, and might safely be dis- charged. Under the circumstances Sergeant Rogers applied for Jepson's discharge, and for 10s to be given to him out of the police court poor box in order to pay his fare back to Camperdown. The sergeant's application was granted, it being understood that the police would see that Jepson left the town by railway for Camperdown, where he said that he had friends. A telegram to the "Age" from Adelaide says: " As George Marisky, an old prospec- tor, who was well known in the "Waukaringa gold mining district, was missed a few days ago, Mounted Constable Easther and a search party went out to look for him, foul play being suspected. Late on Friday after- noon they found his body hidden in an old shaft at Lovely Gully. A bran bag was tied round Marisky's head, and when it was re- moved it could be seen that his skull had been smashed in. The murder has caused considerable excitement at Waukaringa." A robbery was committed at the Armidale branch of the Commercial Bank, New South Wales, on Thursday night, the thief taking £193, part of the teller's cash, which by an oversight he had failed to lock up. About £1000 in notes was left in the box (says the "Age.") from which the robber took only £1. The notes left were all fives and tens. A man employed as a servant by the manager has been arrested on suspicion. The Sydney mail train from Sydney to Brisbane ran into a mob of cattle asleep on the line near Boggabri early on Saturday morning. Several of the animals were cut to pieces, the engine being wheel deep in torn flesh and pools of blood. The scene of the incident is described by the engine driver as of a horrible nature, pieces of dead bullock bestrewing the line for about 50 yards, while injured beasts, some with their legs nearly amputated, hopped away moan- ing piteously. A strange feature of the occurrence is that the engine was not de- railed, though the shock was severe. There were a good many passengers on the train, but though they were severely shaken no one was seriously hurt. The mysterious bombardment of a house at Enmore, near Sydney, attract thou- sands of people to the locality on Friday evening. Every effort to solve the cause of the stonethrowing, by which the building has been almost wrecked, has so far proved unsuccessful. The affair has been attributed by superstitious people to ghosts, as the stones appeared to be thrown from a spot a few yards off, even when a close vigil was maintained by the crowds of people surround- ing the place. A constant watch was main- tained on Friday evening, but only one stone was thrown. A lad named Hutton, second eldest son of Mr Thos. Hutton, of Penshurst, and presi- dent of the Mount Rouse shire council, died somewhat suddenly on Friday last. The boy, whilst in one of the paddocks of his father's estate, on Wednesday, ate a large quantity of wattle gum. Soon after return- ing home he was taken ill, and despite prompt and constant medical attendance he died on Friday morning. A man named C. Whittaker has arrived at Coolgardie from Charleville in Queens- land, having walked all the way without a penny. He walked first to Menindie, thence to Broken Hill, Port Augusta, Eucla via Fraser Range to Coolgardie. Judging from his story he suffered considerable hardships by the way, being for days without shelter, and with only a small quantity of food in his swag. For three days he had no water but what he carried in his billy, while at other times he got wet through with the heavy rains that fell. He did a bit of prospecting on the way, but found nothing. Notwith- standing his hardships and continued ex- posure, he seems to be in perfect health. The "Ballarat Star," referring to Cool- gardie mining prospects, says:— " Letters received from Messrs. T. and J. A. Blight who, some weeks ago, proceeded to Western Australia, do not bear most encouraging tone. They had not left Perth at the time of writing, but seemed to be pretty well informed of the state of things, both there and at the various diggings. Provisions and everything else were plentiful and fairly cheap at the seaport, and diggers or miners and others were coming and going in batta- lions — a large majority being most dis- couraged with the prospects. The feature of the correspondence is— ' Advise your friends twice, if necessary, not to come here ; but, if they will come, not to start with less than £100 cash, or trouble may ensue.' " Mr W. Gurr will sell by auction at his rooms, Exhibition Exchange, to-day, at 2 o'clock, furniture, etc. Mr Henry Bannister notifies in another column sale of furniture, ironmongery, tailors' requisities, and sundries, by order of Mr Stott, at 2 o'clock this afternoon on the premises, Spring-street, Geelong West. A local land board will be held at the Gee- long District Land and Survey Office at 10 o'clock this morning. Passengers by steamer for the West Aus- tralian ports are remanded that Mr Chas. H. Swift, of Yarra-street, agent for Messrs Thos. Cook and Son, is selling passage tickets for the various lines of steamships. Through our advertising columns the Cus- toms department invite tenders for the main- tenance of jetty lights at Geelong, Drysdale and St. Leonards. Tenders are invited through our advertising columns for various works required to be executed by the Geelong West borough coun- cil. 