THE ABSENT MAN". By Jebojse k. Jerome, You ask him to dine with you on on Thursday to meet a few people who are anxious to know him. * Now don't make a muddle of.it,' you say, recollectful of former mis iiaps; * and come on Wednesday He laughs good-naturedly as he hunts through the room for bis diary. * Shan't fee able to come Wedoes <3ay,' he says 5 shall be at the Mansion HouBe, sketching dresses, and on Friday I start for Scotland sp as to be at the opening of the exhibition on Saturday; it's bound to he all right this time. Where the deuce is that •diary ? Never mind, I'll make a note < of it on this, you can see me do it.' You can stand over him while he "writes the appointment down on fool scap, and watch him pin it up over his j desk. Then you come away contented. | * I do hope he'll turn up,1 you say to your wife on Thursday evening, while dressing. * Are you sure you made it clear to him ?' she replies suspiciously; and you instinctively feel that whatever happens she is going to blame you for it. Eight o'clock arrives, and, with it, the other guests. At half-past eight your wife is beckoned mysteriously out of the room, where the parlor maid informs her that the cook has expressed a determination, in case of further delay, to wash her hands, figuratively speaking, of the whole affair. Your wife, returning, suggests that, if dinner is to be eaten at all, it had better be begun. She evidently con siders that in pretending to expect him you have been merely playing a part, and that it would have been manlier and more straightforward for you to have admitted at the beginning that you had forgotten to invite him. During the soup and fish you recount anecdotes of bis nn punc tuality. By the time the entree arrives, the empty chair has begun to cast a gloom over the dinner, and, with the joint, the conversation drifts into talk about dead relatives. On Friday, at a quarter past 8, he dashes up to the door and rings violently. Hearing his voice in the hall, you go to meet him. 'Sorry I'm late,' he sings out cheerily, ' fool of a cabman took me to Alfred Place instead of—' * Well, what do you want, now you are come ?' you interrupt, feeling any thing but genially toward him. He is an old friend, so you can be rude to him. He laughs and slaps you on the shoulder. * Why, my dinner, my dear boy, I'm starving.' ' Oh,' you grunt in reply. 1 You're not going to have it here.' * What the devil do you mean ?' he says;' you asked me to dinner.' ' I did nothing of the bind,' you tell him,' I asked you to dinner on Thurs- j day, not on Friday.' He stares at you inereduously. ' How did I get Friday fixed in my mind ?' he asks enquiringly. ' Because yours is the sort of mind that would get Friday firmly fixed into it, when Thursday was the day,' you explain. *1 thought you had to be off to ^Edinburgh, to-night,5 you add. 1 Great Scott!' he cries; ' so I have,' and without another word, he dashes out, and you hear him rushing down the road, Bhouting for the cab he has just dismissed. j As you return to your study, you ■ reflect that he will have to travel all | the way to Scotland in an evening drees, j and will have to send out the hotel ; porter in the morning to buy him a suit of ready-made clothes ; and are 1 glad. Matters work out still more awkwardly when it is who is the host, I remember being with hira on his house-boat one day. It was a little after 12, and we were sitting on the edge of the boat, it was about half way between Wallingfort and Day's laock. Suddenly, round the bend, appeared two skiffs, each one contain ing six elaborately dressed persons. As soon as they caught Bight of us they began waving handkerchiefs and parasols. Hullo,* I said,' here's some people hailing you.' ' Oh, they all do that about here,' he answered without looking up ;4 some bean-feast from Abingdon, I expect.' The boat drew nearer. When about 200 yards off, an elderly gentleman raised himself upon the prow of lead one and shouted to us. McBuae heard his voice and gave a start that all but pitched him into the water. * Good God ?' he cried; * I'd for gotten all about it,' « About what F* I asked* * Why, ifc*e the Palmers and the Gra hams and the Hendersons. I've asked them all over to lunch, and there's not a blessed thing on board but two mutton on chops and a pound of potatoes, and I've given the boy a holiday.' Another day I was lunching with him at the Junior Hogarth, when a man named Hallyard, a mutual friend, strolled across to us. * What are you fellows going to do this afternoon ?' he asked seating him self the opposite side of the table, ' I'm going to stop here and write letters,' I answered. * Come with me if yon want some thing to do,' said M. Quae; ' Fm go ing to drive Leena down to Richmond.' (' Leena' was the young lady he recollected being engaged to. It transpired afterwards that lie "was en gaged to three girls at the time. The other three he had forgotten all about.) * It's a roomy seat at the back.1 * Oh, all right,' said Hallyard, and they went away together in a hansom. An hour and a half later Hallyard walked into the smoking room, looking depressed and worn, and flung him self into a chair. * I thought you were going to Rich mond with McQ.uae,' said I. ' So did I,' he answered. I ' Had an accident ?' I asked. j , ' Yes.' He was decidedly curt in j his replies. ' Cart upset ?' I continued. * No—only one,' His grammer and his nerves seemed thoroughly shaken. I waited for an explanation, and I after a while he gave it. * We got to Putney,' he said, * with just an occasional run into a tram-ear, and were going up the hill, when | suddenly he turned a eorner—over the curb, across the road and into the opposite lamp post. Of course, as a rule, one is prepared for it, but I never reckoned on his turning up j there, and the first thing I recollect I is finding myself in the middle of the | road with a dozen fools grinning at I me. It takes a man a few minutes in such a case to think where he is and what has happened; and when I got up, they were some distance away. I ran after them for a quarter of a mile, shouting at the top of my voice, and accjmpanied by a mob of boys. But one might as well have tried to hail the dead, so I took the bus back.5 ' They might have guessed what had happened,' he added, ' by the shifting of the cart, if they had any sense. I'm | not a light weight." | He complained of soreness, and I said he would go home. I suggested a cab, but he replied he would rather walk. I met McQuae in the evening at the St. James' Theatre. It was a first night, and he was taking sketches for the graphic. The moment he saw me he made his way across to me. c The very man 1 wanted to see,' he said ; * did I take Hallyard with me in the cart to Richmond this afternoon ?' * You did,' I replied. 4 So Leena says,'. he answered greatly bewildered ; ' but I'll swear he was not there when we got to the Queen'8 Hotel.' ! ' It's alright,'I said, 'you dropped i him at Putney.' * Dropped him at Putney P I have no recollection of doing so.* * He has. You ask bim about it; he's full of it,' I answered. Everybody said be would never get married—that it was absurd to suppose he would ever remember the day, the church, and the girl all in one morn ing—that if ho did get as far as the altar, he would forget what he had come for, and would give the bride away to his own best man. Hallyard had an idea that he was already mar ried, but that the fact had slipped his memory. I myself felt sure that if Fie did marry he would forget all about it next day. But everybody was wrong. Bv some miraculous means the ceremony got itself accomplished, bo that if Hall yard's idea be correct (as to which there is every possibility), there will be trouble. As for my own fears, I dismissed them as soon as I saw the lady. She was a charming, cheerful little woman, and did not look the type that would let him forget all about it. I had not seen him since his mar riage, which had happened in the spring. Working my way back from Scotland by easy stages, I stopped for a few days at Scarborough. After table d'hote I put on my mackintosh, and went out for a walk. It was rain ing heavily, but after a month in Scot land one does not notice English weather, and I wanted some air. Struggling along the dark beach, with my head against the wind, I stumbled over a crouching figure that was seek ing to shelter itself a little from the storm under the lee oi the Spa wall. I expected it to swear at me, but I seemed too broken-spirited to mind anything. '1 beg your pardon,' I said ; 51 did j not see you.' j At the sound of my voice it started j to its feet. * Is that you, old man ?' it cried. J * McQuae!' I exclaimed. j f By jove,' he said,' I was never so ! glad to see a man in all my life before.' : And he nearly shook my hand off, ' But what in thunder,' I said, * are , you doing here ? Why, you're i drenched to the skin.' He was dressed 1 in flannels and tennis coat, ' Yes,' he answered ; ' I never \ \ thought it would rain. It was a lovely [ morning.* * "Why don't you go home ?* I i asked. i [ ' I can't,' he replied. 4 I don't know | where I live, I've forgotten the i address,' ! I began ta fear that he had over* ; worked himself into a brain fever, i ' For heaven's sake,' he said, * take ! me somewhere and give me something ; [ to eat, I'm literally starving.' i ' Haven't you any money ?' I asked : ! him as we turned towards the hotel, i ' Not a sou,' he answered. * We got • in here from York, the wife and I, i about 11. We left our things at the station, and started to hunt for apart ments. As soon as we were fixed, I changed my clothes and came out for a walk, telling Maud I should be back ' at one to lunch. Like a fool I never ! took the address, and never noticed the way I was going.' 'It's an awful business,' he con tinued ; ' I don't see how I'm ever going to find her. I hoped she might stroll down to the Spa in the evening, and I've been hanging about the gates ever since 6. I hadn't the threepence to go in.' * But have you no notion of the sort of street, or the kind of house it was ?' I enquired. * .Not a ghost,' he replied ; 41 left it all to Maud, and didn't trouble.' * Have you tried any of the lodging houses ?' I asked. ' Tried!' he exclaimed bitterly; 'I've been knocking at doors, and asking if Mrs. McQuae lives here, steadily all the afternoon, and they slam the door in my face mostly without answering. I told a policeman ; I though perhaps he might suggest something. But the idiot only burst out laughing, and that made me so mad that I gave him a black eye and had to cut. I expect they're on the lookout for me now. ' I went in to a restaurant,' he con tinued, gloomily, 'and tried to get them to trust me for a steak. But the proprietress said she'd heard that tale before, and ordered me out before all the other customers. I think I'd have drowned myself if you hadn't turned up.' After a change of clothes and some supper, he discussed the case more 1 e&lmly;, but it was really a serious affair. They had shut up their flat, and his wife's relations were travelling abroad. There was no one to whom he could send a letter to be forwarded ; there was no one with whom she would be likely to communicate. There chance of meeting again in this world appeared remote. Nor did it seem to me—fond as he was of his wife, and anxious as he un doubtedly was to recover her—that he looked forward to the actual meet ing, should it ever arrive, with any too pleasurable anticipation. ' She will think it strange,' he mur mured reflectively, sitting on the edge of the bed and thoughtfully pulling off his socks. 'She is sure to think it strange.' The following day, which was Wednesday, we went to a solicitor, and laid the case before him; and he : instituted enquiries among all the lodging housekeepers in Scarboro' with the result that on Thursday afternoon McQuac was restored (after the manner of an Adelphi hero in the last act) to his home and wife. I asked him next time I met him, what she had said. *Oh, much what I expected,' he replied. But he never told me what he had expected. 