THE NOVELIST. THOU ART THE MAN. BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER XIII. " W11AT 1,0V£ WAS EVEB AS DEEP AS chateI" The fatigue that Sibyl bad gone through since nightfall had made no impression upon ber physical being, or no impression of which.her mind was oonsoioue. If ber limbs ached with the tramping to and fro and up end . down over the rough ground by the oliif she had no consciousness of her pain. Her mental suffering, her keen anxieties, her grief and horror at the deed that had been done, left no room in ber consciousness for the sensa tion of bodily pain. She walked up and down her bedroom, and in and out to her baloony, in the .growing light of a glowing dawn, and although all that is most comfortable in the way of bed, sofa, and easy chairs offered a sybarite rest, she bad no inclination to fling down that weary form into any of these cushioned nests which stood ready to receive ber. Sometimes she walked to and fro with automatio monotony; sometimes she went hurriedly out to the baloony, and stood looking at the sea and the sky. A wildeky, a rough sea, a livid dawn that heralded a tempestuous day 1 And she had driven him out into the Btorm; she had urged him to act against his own judgment, which would hare bidden him et&nd; his ground. Was it wise, was it well Y Now that the act was irrevocable-—now that the shattered door told its Htory of prison breaking and ignominious flight, she asked herself that question with maddening iteration, ■ 1 ... ignominious mgbt. vet, that was the word. The man who flies from the face of justice must'needs submit to the ignominy thotattaohes to all flight. Innooenoe should stand firm, and wait the worst that fate oould do. No doubt that was the idealist's view of the situation. But then came the thought of etern reality—the possible oonviction—the possible gallows—the insoraiUble perversity of fate which sometimes dooms an innooent man to a disgraceful death, all for want of some little olue to thread that labyrinth of circum stantial evidence and get at the core of truth hidden somewhere in the midst of it. Guilt less men have been lianged, even in this present century of enlightened legislation, and to the end of time there will always be that cruel possibility of innooenoe paying thepenalty of guilt. On the whole, therefore, Sibyl was thankful that she had helped to get Brandon Mount ford out of the clutch of the law. For the time-being he might suffer in honour and reputation by that csoape; he might have to exist under a heavy cloud—an exile in 'some distant country, living under a false name, cut off from all the friends and associations of his yonth. But in the years to oome the olue to the mystery might be found, and the wrong might be righted. " Who oould have done it ?" Sibyl asked her self, with her bands strained tightly upon her aching forehead, as if she wanted to wring some sudden inspiration out of her own tired brain. " Who oould have done it ?" she asked, and then told herself despairingly, " I feel as if all the thinking power were gone out of my mind. I can imagine no one who wonld do such a deed. Everybody liked her. She had no enemy. It oould only have been some ruffian with the wild beast's thirst for blood some madman." «»*-:■ " A madman, yes!" Sibyl turned sick with agony as she rememembered what Brandon Mountford had told her about that Inscrutable disease which can change sanity to madness, the sudden clouding over of the brain, the maniac's impulse towards evil. "Oh, if it were he, after all. If my con viction of his innocence should be a mere delusion, born of my love for him! Well" after a pause, " if it iB so I am the more thank ful that be is free. My pcor, afflicted love, marked out by fate to bear so cruel a burden. Who would not help you to escape ?" And then came a still mora appalling thought. If he had done this thing; if his unconscious hand had taken Marie Arnold's life, who could say whether this first crime might sot be the beginning of a series of murders? The impulse having once arisen, might recur, and this man—the man she admired and loved, the man of high birth and gentle Breeding, might! beoome a scourge and a horror to hie fellow-mon ; a wretch whose death or whose life-long imprisonment would be required for the safety of others. She dang herself upon her bed and hid her face from the daylight, awe-striokeu at the horror her own thoughts had oonjured up. The wind shrieked and howled in the ohiinney, and there was something hideously human in the sound. One gust more violent than the rest seemed to Bbake evon those solid walls. There was a dreadful eilence in the house next morning when Sibyl awoke from a sleep of sheer exhaustion. She was lying ou the bed, still wearing the black gown in wbioh she had walked to and fro with all the dust and chalk of the road and the cliff upon it, but careful bands bad spread a down coverlet over her, and the morning cup of tea which she generally took at 7 o'clock was on the little table by her bod, showing; that the faithful Forriby had been watching her slumbers. The window she had left open was shut, and the closed Venetians darkened the room. Sibyl sprang up from the bed, and ran to look at the clock on the mantelpiece. A quarter to 11. How long,- how heavily she had elept—a dreamless sleep, unshadowed by any consciousness of the oares that made waking so terrible. The wind had been raging when she last looked at sky and sea. The sky was calm enough now when she opened -the shutters and looked seaward ; a dull grey sky; but the waves were rising and falling with a slow and sullen violenoe, and the livid patches of foam showed here and there upon the leaden-coloured expanse. She rang her bell and Ferriby came bustling "Oh. how tired yon must have been, Miss —regular dead beat, to fall asleep in your clothes, and sleep from 12 o'olock to close upon 11—all but twelve hoars. You, ton, suoh a light sleeper. I've got your bath ready; but let me fetch you a fresh cup of tea first. You can't drink that stuff," pointing to the negleoted cup. " It's stone oold." " Never mind the tea. Yes, I was very tiredmy bones are still aohing." "And I don't wonder at it, Miss. Dear, oh, dear, what times we're living in I Suoh a storm last night! We shall hear of ever so many boats lost before dark, Hampton eaye." And then Ferriby related bow Mr. Mount ford had broken out of Eilerslie look- up in the midst of the storm, a proceeding to which she evidently attached au idea of Satanic power, as if he must at least have had help, from the sons of darkness; and how the hue ,, and cry had been raised, and tbe country was '' being searched far and near, and the tele graph wires. at Eilerslie Post-office were working as they had never worked before.. •Anfl altt oan Bay is I hope they won't find him," concluded Ferriby. " He ™ the nicest gentlemen tbtt ever came into thii honse—and if be did murder that poor young lady in a'fit of mad new—as they say he did—why, it wa* hie affliction and not hie fault." " Who eaya that he murdered bar?" " Well, Mies, everybody thinke he did it, and madneea would be his only excuse." Not that there was anything like madness in hit ways, Thomas, who always waited upon him, aaya there was never a politer, quieter gentle man. None of your swearing or flying out at a servant for nothing. He bad rather a nervous manner sometimes. Thomas says a little abBent-minded, but never no violence— nothing that looked like being out of his mi«id;'r Poor Brandon ! To be disouBsed and anato mized in the servant's hall, to have fallen so low, the talk of the village inn, bunted by policemen, hie description telegraphed from place to plaoe. It was nearly 1 o'clook when Sibyl went downstairs, white as a ghost, in her blaok gown, aud 'Wandered • aimlessly about the house, aimoBt wondering not to eee Marie's bright face in any of the rooms. This dread inyatery of death was so difficult to realize even now after all she had suffered within the last day and a half; The shook, the horror of the murder were ever present in her mind, but she had uot yet realized the for ever, the oruel fact of death, the vanishing for ever of one familiar face, the eternal dumbness of the voice that had eo lately been part of her home and of her life. Never more to" see Marie Arnold, the companion of all her girlish years, the happy years in which there had been no .shadow of care. Now life seemed all care, and dread, iand difficulty. It needed ell hBr stoicism to visit the room where the dead girl was lying—that room now so quiet, and pure, and peaceful—yesterday defiled by the muddy boots of the coroner s Jury, filled with miitterings and whisperings about the hideous circumstahoesof her death. Not a trace of those rough visitors remained to-day. The white curtained bed rose pale in the dim light that crept through the closely fastened Venetians, and the coverlet was almost hidden under whte flowers—azaleas, lilies, all the most precious bloomB that the hothouses of Ellerslie could supply. Sir Joseph's own trembling lips had given the order. "Be sure there are plenty of flowers. She was so fond of flowers." "You'd like to see her, wouldn't you, Miss?" asked Ferriby, when her miBtresB was dressed. Iiike! No it could not be a question of liking. Every nerve of Sibyl's being con tracted with pain at the thought. Like, no. But it was her duty, perhaps—a duty she owed to the dead, to stand for a little while by that placid form, which could never more rise up and hold out loving arms towards the adopted sister. It might seem cold-hearted, eelf absorbed, to keep aloof from that awful room, where the great mystery offered its solemn question to Christian and philosopher alike. After this, what ? Or is this, indeed, the end! Ferriby'e tone implied that her mistress ought to look upon the dead, and Sibyl wanted to do what was right. She wanted all the household to know how truly she had loved Marie Arnold. She went to the door of the room—that room which she used to enter so gaily a dozen times a day—to show Marie this or that, books, flowers, finery, to ask questions, to tell little, eoraps of girlish news, to discuss an idea, any sudden fanoy that had flashed into her brain. Marie had been the only close companion of those impressionable years—the years which change the child into the woman. An upper housemaid opened the door at Sibyl's light knook, and the cool darkness of the room, the perfume of lilies of the valley, suggested a chapel in some southern land. Sibyl looked fearfully towards the white bed. Yes, there was that rigid outline under the snowy sheet, That which sho had seen and shuddered at in painting and sculpture, but which ber oyeB had nevtr looked upon till now in its terrible reality. Slowly and with noise lees footsteps she approached the bed, but when the housemaid put out her haud to raise the linen sheet which lay bo lightly over that marble form Sibyl stopped her with a low, faint cry. "No,no, no. Let me remember her as I knew her—not like this." bhe sank on her knees at the foot of the bed, covered her face with her hands and thought a prayer—a prayer for the repose of that pas sionate soul—auch a prayer as the Anglican Ohurch forbids, but whioh iostinob prompts whenever the living look upon the dead. She prayed for the peaoe of the dead, and prayed still more fervently for that unhappy fugitive whose life was dishonoured by this untimely death, who, guilty or innocent, had to bear the shadow of orirne. Her eyes were drowned in tears when Bhe rose from her knees and took one of those fairy-like blooms from the shower of lilies whioh bad been scattered over the sheet, and with tbiB poor little flower in her hand she stole softly from the room where the middle-aged housemaid sat by an open window reading her Bible by the fliofeering light that filtered through the Venetian shutters. For the housemaid, pious, middle-aged, and a con firmed spinster, there was a dismal relish in this quiet guardianship of the dead. To sit in a oool, flower-soented room, and read the Msssianio Prophets in thespiritof unquestion ing faith that seeketh not to understand what it readeth, was better than to overlook house work, and pry into those dusty corners which the pert young pink-frooked housemaid is so apt to neglect. The upper housemaid felt the importanoe of her charge, most of all when Sir Joseph sat groaning or sobbing beside the bed, as he had done in the dead of the night, when those passionate tears of his had startled the watoher from a profound slumber. She felt that ehe was being admitted to the family secrets, that her situation, always a good one, was placed on a higher footing henceforward. The door closed upon the chamber of death, but searoely had Sibvl crossed the threshold when she met Hubert Urquhai-t in the corridor, where, even in the dim light from the shrouded windows, she could see how pale and worn he was. Are you going to look your last upon poor Mane ?" she asked. "No, no; I never look on the dead. Z shouldn't like to confess sb rnuoh to a sports man, but even the eight of a dead stag harrows me. It suggests what I must oome to, sooner or later. 1 was on my way to your boudoir." "You have news—of him 1" "Yes, there is hews—of a sort. I want a few minutes' quiet talk with you, Sibyl—I mayoall you by that name, may I not? All we went through together last night gives me a kind of claim, doesn't it ?" "What does it matter?" she exclaimed, im patiently. If you have anything to tell me, <|xjn't keep it bsok. If it is bad news I would rather hear the worst at onoe." She looked pale to fainting, and be thought she would drop at his feet. He put his arm round her to steady her, and drew her gently towards an old-fashioned settee, which stood against the wall-under a large picture by Sny ders which represented the crisis in the'life of ' a hnnted boar, whose ultimate fase nobody bed ever troubled to enquire into. Boer, boundi, landscape, bed ell mellowed to a deed level of brown varnish and blue mould. " She thinks only of him; oaiee only about him," thought Urquhart, aa be seated himself by Sibyl's aide,with bit arm still supporting her. . .. It galled him to see that she took no more notioe of bis arm than if it had been .ber old nurse's. " You have bad news?" abe said agitatedly. He has been followed—arrested?" " Alas, if the worst bas happened, it is even worse than that." • "Oh, God, oh, God, have mercy upon me 1 What oould be worse— exoepb bis death ?" "Ah,. Sibyl, that is the point. I am so sorry for yon—so sorry that thie man's fate should have euoh power to affliot yon. Thia man—a stranger here a few weeke ago"— - "Don't talk like that," she cried impe riously. " I love him 1 That is enough for you to know. 1 am not ashamed of my love. What hae happened to him? For God s sake speak." Sheolutched the lapel of his ooat, looking at him with wild, despairing eyes ; startling him with the vehemenceof her feelings." "Can yon beat;to hear what I must say, if I have to tell yon my wotst fear ?" "I must bear it. Nothing can be worse than tbiB torture." \- / lay poor Sibyl! There was a gale lash night after the smack sailed—a gale from the south-east, blowing dead on our coast yonder. They were to put him ashore in the early morning, and to oome back to Ardliston with the news that all was eafe. . I was down at the village an hour ago, and the men had not oome back. There was no news of the Mary Jane," "They may have gone.farther along the coast."' ■ "Hardly with such a wind in their, teeth. The storm was short and sharp, but murderous while it lasted. There is.a feeling of apprehen sion in the village. I saw the skippers wife. She flew at me like a tigress—told.me that if her husband and hie boy were lost it was my doing. My cursed money which had tempted him to take hie boat out on such a night," " What!" cried Sibyl: " was it a dangerous night ? Did you know that there was the risk of the boat being lost? Ob, if you did know that, what a wretoh you are! Luring him to his death, under the pretence of saving him from the gallows—over per suading him against his own reason—and I helped you 1" "This is sheer madness," said ITrquh&rt; rising indignantly, and moving away from her. " If you take the thing in this spirit I can say no more. You knew as much about the night as I oould know. You heard the wind rising, as I heard it. But neither you nor I oould know that there was to be a sharp squall after daylight. You knew what I knew of Mount ford's peril, and that to stay where he was might mean a disgraoeful death." "And to esoape a possibility he has flung away his life," said Sibyl, despairingly. " Well, we have helped him to some purpose 1 We have done him a good turn between us ! If the boat is lost, and his life with it, you and I ave his murderers 1" " It is folly to talk like this—absolute folly," Urquharb answered savagely. - " If he is drowned—well, it i'b a better death for a gen tleman than being pqtout of this world by the common hangman. And, after all, he waB nothing to you — nob oven your aflianoed husband—yet you have hazarded your good name for him, and now you are endangering your reason." She looked at hiin with a puzzled, semi-con scious expression, as if she hardly heard him, or heard without understanding. " What is the woman's name?" she asked. " What woman ?" . " The woman whose husband owned the boat that is lost ?" "Or that may be lost. There is nothing certain yet. The woman's name is Ketter ing." 1 Where does Bhe live?" 'In th» lane at the back of the Fisherman's Rest. What are you going to do!" as Sibyl went towards the staircase. " I am going to Mrs. Kettering." " What madness. You will make yourself the talk of the village." "I am goiug to see Mrs. Kettering. The boat may have oome hack, perhaps. There may he good news for me at the village." " Wbat will your father think ?" "He will not mind. He believes in Bran done innooonoe as lirraly as 1 do. " He will obAnge his mind, perhaps, when he hears that Brandou has run away," mut tered UVquhnrfc, walking up aud down the gallery after Sibyl bad left him. He did not pace that long gallery from end to end, but turned at about two- thirds of its length, giving a wide berth to the door at the east end,. that door which closed Marie Arnold's room. Maiie's room—how soon it would cease to belong to her—how Boon that strong personality would have passed out of the daily life of Ell-rslio House—leaving to Urqnhart's mind at least—a blank which none oouid fill. ' There was no good news in the little sea coast village, not a whisper of hope to be board in all the length aud breath of the long, irregular street straggling along the cliff road. Sibyl found the little lane behind the Fisher man's Rest—a lane of about a dozen stone oottages—full of sad faces and weeping women. The Mary Jane with her crew of five had gone to the bottom—all hands on board—and there was scarcely one of those rough etoue oottages whoae inmateB were not weeping for kinsman or husband, sweetheart or friend. The intermarriages of the small rustic com munity had interwoven the whole village in the ties of kindred. There could hardly he a death at Ardliston wbioh would not-justify all ; the inhabitants in putting on tnournintf, whenoe ie arose that rusty black was the chief wear from one end of the village, to the'other. Three family names prevailed along"the strag gling street, and if people were not Kstterings, they must needs be Hessles or Garforths, while Garforths, Hessles, aud Ketteringe were all allied bv oousinship. Thus it was that the weeping for the Iobs of the Mary Jane filled the air in the narrow lane behind the Fisherman's Rest, and dishevelled women sat on the rugged stone steps I»adiag.up tooottoge doers, while little groups clustered at the oornera talking of the catastrophe, the fact of whioh no one doubted. Alas! there seemed no room for doubt, Binoe fragments of the Mary Jane had been washed ashore near one of the most "dangerous rooks on that rock bound coast, and it was clear the ill-fated boat had been blown on to Che iron jaws of that rugged point—whioh the fishermen'e wives all knew and had heard of as a devouring monster —and had been split into matchwood. Some among thole old time-honoured boats in the little fisher fleet that sailed out so gaily from Ardliston in fair weather needed no gigantic foroes of Nature to pound them into rottenness and ruin. The Mary Jane had been renowned as • ewiftrailer, and had oome off with flying colours in many a fisherman's race at the -annual regatta ; but age will tell, and the Mary J ana was older than her owner had ever eared to remembea." Well, she bad gone, "She'd have tested oat our lives if my Rood men hedn't flown in the faceof Providence to please them at the great house—them' that should haveknown better," sobbed the widow, sitting distractedly in the midst of asyropa*. thiringgroup, while her little children played in aoornerof the room, and thelatestbaby—latest in a family where there seemed at least three babies—slept peacefully in the closet bed^a bed built into the wall, and capable of being enolosed with a sliding shutter. The widow started to her feet at sight of Sibyl, and pushed back thelooie hair that had fallen over her eyes with angry bauds, almost as. if she would hare plucked it out by the roots. "Oh, it's you. Miss Higginson," she cried. " I wonder you re got the. ohesk to oome and look at me and my childer—you that have made those babiee orphans and me a desolate miserable woman—all along of trying to save your sweetheart's life. His life I What was bis life worth agen my poor Jaok's—Jack as had wife and ohilder to work for—Jack as never did wrong to man or beast in his life— drowned trying to save yonr sweetheart—a murderer—that ought to bare been hung. Oh, it's wicked . that's what it is.. God Almighty didn't ought to let siioh things be. He didn't ought—but there; the world's too full of people now for God Almighty to care as he did for the Israelites when there wae only aaprinkling over the face of the earth. It's a wicked world, and you are a wicked girl, Sibyl Hig ginson, to have tempted my Jaokto risk his life with yonr cursed money." "Oome, oome, Mrs. Kettering," urged a motherly voice, "you've no call to fly at Miss Higginson, who's always been your true friend." my true inena, yea, tin iibs nigim; dui my bitter enemy for ever and ever after last night;" • "Now, Susan, yon know yon was all in favour of Jaok'a taking the job, He told you thereM be dirty weather, but you were all for making the beat of' it. You was, now; you must remember that." Susan Kettering threw up heranna and beat ber careworn forehead savagely with her olenohed fists. ".Remember, oh, God! I remember. It was to earn bread for the bairns. It was to earn more than a year's redt. What mother wouldn't have' been eager to earn twenty pound by one night's work? Oh, God, oh, God, what a black and bitter night's work for me and mine. And it was your doing, Miss Higgineon; it was all your doing." "Susan Kettering," remonstrated the woman who had spoken before, "you mustn't go on like this. There ain't no justice in it." "Oh, let ber talk," said Sibyl, standing on the threshold leaning against the doorpost with white faoe and dry haggard eyes, "lot ber talk, poor soul. But is it a sure tiling that the boat bos gone down ?" she asked, appealing to the women generally, " Is there no hope?" "No, Misa, there ain't no hope, there's been enough rotten timber washed ashore to show that the Mary Jane was mashed up in that heavy sea. But it's no fault o' yourn, Miss Higgisson, and if Susan weren't mad with grief she'd never Bay suoh things." " No hope 1" murmured Sibyl with quiver ing lips. No hope for the grief-stricken wife and these fatherless obildren—but what of him for whom that fated boat bad gono out to sea? He might have been landed safely bofore that worst hour in which the Mary Jane was blown upon the rocks. All was unoertain yet as to his fate; and her pity for this mourner with the angry bloodshot eyes and wild hair and distraoted movements of clenohed hands and writhing arms was made keener by the thought that Brandon Mouutford might be safe on shore. " Was it far from here that the boat was wrecked ?" she aeked the elderly woman who had snoken last. "Yes, Miss, half a dozen miles or more, if she went ashore where they nil think she did— on the Hurraby rocks. It'B a bad place, that is. Thore's been many a wreck there within the memory of the old people here abouts." "Six miles further north," mused Sibyl, that would be near Allan Bay." "Yes, Miss, this side the bay, a milo nearer home." Ana Allan cay wouia neve ueeu a sate plane to land any one ont of the boat ?" "Safe enough if they could have run along shore in anoh a wind—but the Lord knows if they could. It was a wicked wind." " What time was the pain at its worst ?" " Between 6 and 7, Hiss." | Yes, she remembered looking at the clock on her mantelpiece while the bowline shriek ing blast was loudest, when the Venetian shutters were rattling as if thoy would be torn from their fastenings, and the solid window frames had shaken, and the massive stone chimuey" had seemed to vibrate and tremble above the roof. 1 Fast (i—and Brandon bad gone on board the Mary Jane before 3 o'clock. There would have been time to land him at Allan Bay, and more than time nhder any reasonable conditions of wind and sea—but who oan reckon time when the> frail boat has to fight every inoh of progress—when all the forces of Nature are set 'against the frail oockleBhell in whioh humble humanity tempts the sea. Still there was hope—hope for her, though not two of the Mary Jane's rotten timbers still held together. She bent over the weeping widow, geptly touched the ooaree dishevelled hair witji'slender delicate fingers, and gently stroked the burning forehead, lined ana rugged with the premature wrinkles that .come of toil and oare, hard weather and a hard life, "I am deeply, deeply sorry for you, my poor friend, and you may be sure I will take care of you and these poor children always— always." "Sorry for me?" cried the widow,starting up and violently repelling the gontle hand, " who wants your sorrow? Who wants your oare'? Bo you think I'd take another sixpence of your money—the money that bought my good man's life. You and your father think money oan bny anything. What are we but your slaves? And we go about saying how good you aro—you that have got everything, while we have to toil for our daily bread in the pit or on the sea—danger and darkness both—it don't much matter which, there's always death watting round the corner for ub—while you sit at home and take your ease, and think there's nothing on this earth that's too good for yon. And mow, to save your sweetheart. —a madman and a murderer—my honest, true hearted husband has gone to the bottom of the sea" "Hush, now, Susan, yon musn't take on like this, it ain't fair," remonstrated the elder woman, and there was a murmured chorus of remonstrance from the others. " Don't - mind her, Miss, she's right down; mad," said one. ' "It's a shame to go on at yon that has always been so good to us. Shell be sorry enough for what she has t&fd; when she comes to her right senses." • ';" ■ " I shall be sorry for her all the days of my. life," Sibyl answered, sadly. " Let me-speak to you a minute outside/Mra. Gkrforth, she 'Added in * lower voibe, and with a ugnifioiaat lookAtthe widow'selderly kinswoman.' '' Mrs. Garforth followed quickly to the door. "Don't take any money- from her," ■oreamed Suian Kettering. "Mot one penny ot her curied money. It'a.oost me my hut band. Not a dirty penny—not"—— Her voioe roee to a soream.and then there name a burslof •hysterical-laughter as she flung herself violently on the bed, where the baby woke, looked about fora moment or two with scared eyes, and anon set up a piteous bowl. , 'Two other babies took up tbe note and wailed in sympathy an infantile, pandemo nium. "Oh, Miss, it's too bad of her," Bind Mrs. Garforth, when she and Sibyl had walked a few paoes along the lane and- were out of hearing of the tempest inside the oottage, " but she ain't in her right mind. And yon looking so ill, too," she added, noting the girl's ashen cheeks and hollow eyeB, "aitd euoh trouble up at the great house. " Yes, trouble has oome upon ns—terrible trouble. X never knew .what it meant till now. I have never been half sorry enough for others." "jjont say tnat, Alias. nouve always been kind to us. None that was in trouble or sickness ever went toEllerelie for help in vain. Poor Susan has' no call to blame you for her loss. Jaok was asked to undertake a risky job, and he was offered a good price for it, and he could say ' yes'or 'no.1' She urged liim to say * yes,' and that's what makes her heart so sore, poor creature." "Did they think there was a risk, last night, before the boat went out?" "Lor, yes, dear lady. Them as know the coast knowed as there was a {gale coming." " And he knew—Mr. Urqhuart I He must have known." ■ " Well, Miss, he's a landsman, you sse, though he's bound to know the ooasti seeing Dunluoe Castle ain't far off. Hut o* course he wanted to get yonr sweetheart away—whan a man's in danger of bein' tried for his life, and there's only one road by which he can get away, folks oan't be too partikler about the weather along chit era road." "You mustn't talk of Mr. Mountford as my sweetheart, Mrs. Garforth. He was nothing to me but a friend—a very dear friend." "What, wasn't you and him keeping com pauv. Miss ?" "No, no." . " Ah, people hereabouts is good "uns to talk. They'd all have it as you and him was sweat hearts, and you was a'moBt out of your mind about him last night—like poor Subbd to day about her Jack, and that you was at the look up with him. Martha Hessle said she and Susan saw you there parting with him just afore he went off to the boat with Mr. Urquhart" " Let them talk," Sibyl interrupted haugh tily. " ThiB unhappy gentleman is a relation of my motlier'e—we are distant cousins. _ I know ho iB innocent, kuow it by my own in stinot, you understand, and my father believes in him as firmly as I do. Z should have been a cowardly wrotoh if I bad not helped Mr. Urquhart to get him out of prison before more injustice was done. All I could do was to help with money, which my father gave me freely. You oan't BuppoBe I care what these people think." She was beginning to feel the sting of public ingratitude. She bad been very kind to these people — though Ardlieton lay beyond the immediate surroundings of her home. She bad gone out of her way to be kind to them and had believed herself beloved by them. "I must go home," she said, drying the tears that started and stung her burning eye balls every now and then in spite of that proud Bpirit of hers, which made her strong to bear oalnmity. " I want to help Mre. Ketter ing and her children as much as I oan. Will you look after them forme, Mrs. Garforth,and see that they want for nothing? If you can come to Ellerslie Hcuse thisafternoon I'll give you some money to keep in hand for them, and I'll tell you what I want done in the future. If the father risked bis life, and loBt it, for my kinsman's sake, those children ought to be my care till they are old enough to oare for themselves." * " You're a noble-hearted young lsdy, and by-and-by, when she's calmed down a bit, Susan will be ai grateful to you as I am now for ber sake." 