THE QUEENSLAND CONGREGA- TIONAL UNION. PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. Tlic third annual meeting of I lie Queensland Congregational Union, was opened in thc liris banc-slrccl Church, Ipswich, on thc 15th in- stant. Tnc President of thc Union for this year is thc Kev. E. Wilson, Rockhampton. In introducing Mr. Wilson, thc Retiring President, tho Rev. L. C. Jamieson, said that when thc ofljee was committed to him he had an idea-which he still entertained-that an crrcr in judgment had liccn committed, hut he could say that in thc election of a successor to him they had proved themselves wisc. Mr. Wilson, took the chair amid loud applause, and at once proceeded to deliver hts Presidential Address us follows : " Brethren and Friends,-Most heartily do I thank nur Executive for the very high honour they have conferred on me in electing me to the important office of 1'residenl of the Congregational Union of Queensland. When 1 read otu worthy and esteemed secretary's letter informing inc of thc appointment 1 was greatly surprised, and my first impulse was to decline tile honour, not on account of a want of desire to serve the Union, but from a feeling of insufficiency ; but, after due con- sideration, I felt it would be both discour- teous and unkind tc my brethren lo refuse au honour which they unanimously and heartily dished to bestow. 1 regret exceedingly the circumstances which have necessitated thc election of a Prosi lent for this present session. I refer to thc lamented death of our esteemed und beloved brother, the Rev. J. R. WolBtcnlioliiic, ¡I.A., who would, if he had beeu bnarcd, moat worthily filled the position. Let me say, however, that wc must all feel, 1 am sure, that, in the departure- of Mr. Wolsteuhohnc, thc Church of which he was pastor, this Union, and, I may also say, the cause of Congregationalism in Queensland, have lost au able and true friend, and fuithful servant of Jesus Christ. Seeing I have to take thc place of such an able brother, I desire your sympathy and indulgence while I seek to discharge, to the best of my ability, the im- portant duties devolving upon mc as your Chairman. The subject upon which I propose to address you is ' Lessons from thc Pentecostal Church.' "The Pentecostal Church existed in thc purest times of Christianity, and was under the direct control and guidance of the Divine Spirit. Its membership consisted of only 120, men and women. Vet it was to that little band of redeemed, but still imperfect men and women, that the Lord Jesus Christ gave the grandest mission ever given to man- kind on earth. To them he committed the great work of conquering thc world for Him, and filling it with tho (¡lory of God. Their subsequent history reveals* the marvellous success of tlieir mission. We learn that, within thc space of thirty years after the death of Chrict, tho Gospel had been carried to all parts of the civilised, and to no small portion of thc uncivilised world. It had been preached iu the most splendid, powerful, and corrupt cities; Churches were founded in Jerusalem, Antioch, Corinth, Ephesus, Phil Upi, and at Rome. The Gospel had spread in Arabia, Greece, Macedon, Italy, and Africa. Within thirty years it overturned heathen Altars, closed pagan temples, brought under its inficcncc men of office, rank, and power. All this was accomplished by the instrumentality of converted Jews, fishermen, and Nazarenes. In analysing the early Pentecostal records, we find that this all victorious Church was marked by four characteristics. "First. It was a living Church. It infused a new and blessed life into all who came under its influence. .It attracted great masses of people to hear the tidings of salvation, and quickened men «nd women, in hundreds and thousands, from death unto life, and turned them from thc power of Satan unto God. A dead or dying Church could not have t hus attracted the multitudes, and produced such extraordinary results, heath repela Life attracts. Where life is, lhere is growth and increase. There was life in the pulpit. The Sreacher:« were living men in vital union with esus Christ, the great reservoir of spiritual life and power. They were in possession of that something which energises all a man's faculties, and makes him a centre of magnetic attraction and influence. Some time ago Professor Tyndall, iu one of his afternoon lectures at thc Hoya' Institution on the "Older Electricity," performed an interesting experiment, ntanumg on an insulated stool the professor held in his left hand one end of a copper wire, the other end being at tached to a glass rod which his assistant was holding and rubbing with a coated silk-rubber. The electricity created by.tlic friction passed along the wire into Professor Tyndall's body, and, when he took a piece of ice in his right hand and touched a gas burner, thc electric current passing through the icc, ignited the gas. But the ice did not light thc gos ; it was thc elec- tricity passing through the icc which made it do so wonderful a thiug. In some way anula gous to that were thc carly heralds of thc Cross in a position to reach, effectively, thc hearts of the people. The preachers had faith in their message; faith in the Divinity of its source ; faith in its power to save men, to save all who believed in and received the Saviour Whom they preached. They wore able to bring couviction borne to thc hearts of their hearers-not because of theil; elaborate arguments aud eloquence, but because they were able, with unfaltering lips, to say with confidence, ' We know that thc Son of God is come, and hath given us un understanding that wc know Him thut is true, aud wc arc in Him that is true, even in His Son Jesus Christ.' Their spiritual life was manifested not only in their tenderness of heart, bul also in their yearning solicitude for thc salvation of fiiinera. Wc have a striking example of these in)thc Apostle Paul. 'Re- member,' said be iii addressing tho ciders of the Ephesian Church, ' that I have by thc space of three years ceased not to warn every- one night and day with tears." Puck longing for thc salvation of souls was bound to bc re- warded by a rich harvest of conversion/;. The preachers had also an attractive theme-one which went direct to tho deep-lying wants of human nature. It was thc Gospel of thc grace of God, or, as it has been beautifully ex- presser!, 'thc story that lias transformed thc world. ' While it contained lit tlc or nothing, perhaps, thal was new to thc hearers, yet such was its pathos aud power that-, hearing it, they were touched and forced to cry out ' Men and brethren, what shall wc do ?' Men who had despised thc Saviour and mocked at Hio death pleaded for mercy. The crowds that gathered around the preachers were made up of thc poor, the broken in heart, the heavy-laden, weak and sinful, without God, and without hope io the world. It is not surprising, then, to find that to such thc story of redeeming love Has glad tidings of great joy. Tiley heard lion- that Christ died for all men, and died for Hie sins of ail men ; that to the believer in Him the past with its sins was gone, gone for ever. Such tidings filled their hearts with hope and gladness. This is the Gospel poor hill ful men need lo- duy. It is not instruction in, or ex- hortation to, righteousness merely that man most requires. His sin docs not lie so much in Ilia ignorance as in his moral and spiritual helplessness. Man needs Divine help ; power t hat will enable him to rebuild his broken mid shattered manhood. He needs a new and constraining motive that will make a Divine life possible in this present evil world ; strength to overcome temptations and hear thc trials and disappointments of life. lu a word, it is life, au abuudant life, that men need most, and wherever an ever-living and present Saviour is preached, Who ¡sable aud willing lo impart such needful help and power, thora will sinners ho attracted to hear. Hut tile pulpit thf capnot. (hus meet the wauls of weak, fallen humanity lias no true and adequate Gospel for man. " Second, It was u working Church. Life always manifests il self in activity. The labours of the Apostles were most abundant and untiring. It was soon found, however, thal even Apostles must work, under human limitations. They could nut attend to all thc duties devolving upon !!,<:.., hcuce a division of labour became a necessity. To meet tile increasing demands of an evergrowing Church fellowship, thc dia coiiatc was instituted. The importance attached to such au institution may bc in- ' ferrcd from the fact that il was ucccssary to have meu possessing very high qualifications to fill thc ellice. Tlic duacons were to bc men of honest report, having a good name among their fellow members; faithful men, who could bo (rusted by their brethren, well spoken of for everything thal was praise- worthy. They were also to bc men full of tho Holy Ghost. It was not enough that they were to be honest and good men, but they r.-cre to bc full of wisdom. What a grand fellowship Hie Pentecostal Church must have had to bc able to supply from its ranks men possessing such noble qualifies. It is not sur- prising In learn thal the formal ion of such u diacon&tc; was soon followed hy a rapid in- crease of the Word of God and the multiplica- tion of disoiples. Thus thc Church was increased in ut-cfulness and power. The poor were cared for, thc sich attended to, and pro I vision made for thc widow and orphan. I know of nothing more calculated to make a Introug, healthy, and eminently successful Church titan a living diaconatc. As wc arc all members of Churches herc, it will not be out of place, I presume, if I give you, from my own experience, a few prac- tical illustrations of thc belpfuluc£s of a good diaconat*. In my youth 1 belonged to a Church which had for its deacons men who were endowed with much prac- tical common sense. From them I learned what an immense service thc deacons of a Church may be able to render to the cause of Christ. They were most hoiivfn) to their minister in all his undertakings. Thc best schemes and motin,ds for carrying on thc work of the Church nearly all originated with them, although thc minister himself was a most skilful organiser und worker. One out of thc many ways in which these good men served thc Master deserves special mention, and ia worthy of imitation by all who are de- sirous of seeing souls won for ChriBt. On Sunday they sat in separate pews. While thc service was proceeding they were con- stantly on thc alert to note any signs of spiritual awakening that might bc visible in any of the congregation. If there were any who teemed to be impressed by the sermon there were impressions made in tboBc days they were kindly spoken to at the close of thc service, and usually accompanied home- ward by some of the deacons. On their JOUI Dey thc conversation was turned, by sanctified tact, into channels, which naturally led them to speak of the things pertaining to salvation. In thia simple manner many were lcd to truit in thc Saviour, and ultimately to join thc Church. They also visited the members of the congregation regu- larly, giving special attention to tho poor, thc sick, and those were out of the way. By their faithful and earnest labours, not a few backsliders were restored, and many weak ones encouraged. Happy is the minister who is fortunate enough to have for his co- workers suck deacons, aud blessed is that Church whnse diaconatc is composed of mon spiritually minded enough to manifest such deep concern for the conversion of souls to God. To a Church with such workers failure would bc an unknown experience. We ought to remember, however, that the best deaconB are but men at thc best. It is possible, some- times, to expoct too much from them. Even the A post les were nuable to give satisfaction to everyone. Deacons need and deserve thc sympathy.und help of thc Church, SB their duties are arduous and often unpleasant. It ts no easy task to 'admonish thc disorderly, encourage the faint-hearted, support the weak, be long-suffering to all,' and at the same time be faithful, tender, and merciful. But one docs not need to bc an office-bearer thus to serve Christ. In the Pentecostal Church everyone was not equally qualified to bc a deacon, although all had been baptised with thc Holy Ghost. But all being in possession of spiritual life were qualified for service accord- ing to their several ability. Every Christiau should be a worker in thc Lord's vineyard. Each member of u Church is under as much obligation to do something for the advance- ment of Christ's kingdom as the minister or deacon. (Applause.) If one died for all, then were all dead, and that He died for all, that they who live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto Him Who died for them, and rose again. ' No one need go out- side of thc Church to find a suitable sphere of work for Christ. Within it there is some- thing for everyone tn do, even tor thc man with but one talent. It may seem a little thing to give a hymn-book to a stranger on entering a church, but such a simple act has been thc means of changing tho current of a human life. I remember how thc members of tuc t/'taurcli to which 1 have previously re ferred endeavoured to solve the problem of bow to reach the non-church-goers. Their plan was a novel, but wonderfully successful one. This was the way in which they pro- ceeded:-About half-an-hour before thc usual service commenced on Sunday, a number of workers went forth lo the street, each having a number of tracts. When about 300 yards from thc church, they commenced operations by offering a tract to a passer-by, at the same time kindly ¿uviling thc person to ibeservice. In this way each worker usually succeeded in bringing ene or two persons to church every Sunday. Une mau who was thus brought in was not only saved from thc dissi- pated life he v/os leading, but also became a deacon of thc Church, and ultimately a mis- sionary of the Cross. If our Church members would only manifest such a personul interest in thc gathering in of non-church-goers, wc should, ere long, sec great increase in our congregations. " Third. It w&s; a liberal Church. By them the financial difficnliy was practically solved. Thc funds were always in a flourish, ing condition, A lthough possessing all need- ful spiritual power for service, these early Christians did not deem themselves indepsu dent of pecuniary help in their wort. The temporal affairs of thu Church received their most earnest attention, and their liberal contributions to thc funds were striking pra>fs of their belief in the power and utility of"money in thc furtherance of Christ's cause. Their great liberality, however, was not, as sour: have supposed, thc result of undue excitement, but thc natural product of intense spirituality and the due recognition of thc rights of men to Christian brother- hood and the rights of tile weak in the possessions of tile strong. Most feelingly and ungrudgingly, therefore, did many of them sell their property und lay thc proceeds at the Apostles' feet in order to meet thc necessities of thc Church. They acted freely aud spon- taneously. They were not commanded or urged by the Apostles to contribute in nucli an extraordinary manner. They gave deliber- ately, and from principle. Thc idea of self sacrifice never cutercd their minds. They had given themselves to thc Lord, and, therefore, acknowledged thal nil their pus scssious b.-lougcd lo Him. Thc one power- ful motive by which they were moved was gratitude to Him who had loved them and gave Himself fur them, mid had become poor that tiley, through His poverty, might become eternally rich. Such striking liber- ality musl have contributed, in no small degree, to thc rapid spread and progress of Chrisi ianity which took place in those early day«. If our modern Churches, willi their improved facililies for extension, were only permeated with the Pentecostal spirit of [riving, wc should sec great things done for tiod in tho world. How many of onrChurclics, to-day, arc crippled mid hampered in their undertakings for wain of means. Yet some food men tefl us God is not dependent upon noney for the establishment of His Kingdom JU the earth. Bul such men seem to forget hat, although God can work independently of any means, yet Ile bas ruled to leave \ human salvation to be prosecuted by human ¡ agency. TIIÍB, doubtless, is a great mystery, ¡ but it is nevertheless true. If, in thc exton- ' sion of His Kingdom, Christ has seen fit to, make use of the talents, genius, learning, and ! influence of men, why should He not also use their gold and silver. Even tools are imper-' taut factors in any grcnl work. While Christ created tho Gospel which is the power of God unto salvation to all who believe, yet He has j left to His people the work ot building and furnishing churches and balls in which to preach that Gospel. He committed His truth unto faithful men, but bas left with His Church the responsibility of raisiug the neces- sary means for scdttcriug it broadcast over thc world. It has yet to bc proved that our Lord committed a blunder iu thuB leaving His cause in human hands instead of absolutely retaining it in His own. The Pentecostal Church have shown by their faith and zeal that their Muster made no mistake, BO far as they were concerned, when He committed to them the work of making known His truth tomen. It now remains with tho Christiau Churches of to day to demon- strate to thc world, by similar faith and zeal, that Christ lins not trusted them in vain with tho propagation of His Gospel. But not until Christian people acknowledge that Christ's cause has as strong claims on their money as on their time, energy, and personal efforts »ill they prove themselves worthy to be co-workers with Chi ist in thc regeneration of thc world. We ought ever to realise that contributing to thc support of thc Gospel is rendering real service to God, and is as much an evidence of true spirituality as is the exer- cise of faith and prayer. If this spirit of giviug prevailed it would solve thc financial difficulty, which is continually harassing and perplexing our modern Churches, and driving them to the usc of questionable expedients for extracting money from thc pockets of unwill- ing people. "Fourth. It was a praying Church. No Church can exist and prosper without prayer, Spiritual life is inseparably connected with Brayer. It was as natural for those carly hristians to pray as to cat und drink. They lived by prayer, they breathed ilsatmosphere. Their prayer-meetings were never dull. '1'hcy experienced no difficulty ir. making their meetings both lively and interesting. Thc first prayer-meeting of thc Pentecostal Church was the most remarkable one ever held, aud is a model for all time. Thc whole Church, men and women, were present, and all came to pray. They wore of one accord in one place. No dissensions marred their perfect unity. There was a great variety of character and disposition. They differed from one another in knowledge and experience, but they were one in spirit, purpose, and desire. They prayed in faith. They nocded no proof mar. uoa wouia answer prayer. jannung could shake their coulideuce in God's ability and willingness to grant their petitions. For teu days they coutinued in earnest and be- lieving prayer for one thing. Their faith was rewarded by the poHriug out of thc greatest blessing ever vouchsafed to men. Their requests were always reasonable. They never asked anything that was not urgently re- quited, and in some way related to thc Lord's work. Whenever they found them- selves in pressing difficulties and trials they invariably sought refuge in prayer. When the Apostle Fetci was cast into prison, thc Church, instead of appealing to the lan courts in order to test thc legality of his apprehension, instinctively went to their knees and pleaded with Heaven for his release. With intense earnestness they took hold of God, and, Jacob-like, would not let Him go till He granted their petition. They prayed for help, OB men pray for life on the deck of a sinking ship. Heaven heard their prayer, and was moved to send an angel down to their assistance. The prison doors were opened and l'etcr was lcd forth, and was soon standing in thc midst of thc faith- ful, praying band of disciples, a free man. Tims we are taught the practical lesson that united, earnest and believing prayer is the most powerful force ihat can be exercised by thc Church. TÜÍB power is as needful to-day as it was in thc carly days of Christianity. The requirements of thc Church are thc sams now as then. There is nothing in our modem circumstances, methods, and machinery that can make us independent of prayer. No Church can afford to neglect it. Thc Church of Christ is a spiritual institution, its work is spiritual work, and it will bc successful just in proportion as it employs the power of prayer, Christ lia» not changed His condition of conferring spiritual power upon His ser- vants. If they arc to proa h and work effec- tively, they must pray. The strength of the Church still lies in its praying men and women. But do we believe in the efficacy of prayer ? We believe in it theoretically, but I am afraid practically wc do not, or our prayer-meetings would be better attended than they ure at present,|and with different results. We need also the Pentecostal spirit of unity to keep us free from all disscusi ns and strifes, and fill us with thc love of peace and concord. Thc Spirit of Cod cannot abide with a discor- dant Church. Union is strength. Disunion weakens. A whole Church on their knees, with one heart, and one mind, praying for one thing, can never be denied their request by Him Who said ' Whatsoever ye Bball ask in My name, that will I do that the Father may bc glorified in thc Sou. If ye shall ask anything in my name I will do it.' " Thank (Jod, thc Church to-day is not lacking in talent, culture, aud skilful organisa- tion, but surely these cannot compensate for thc want of that power which enabled thc carly Church to do great things for Cod aud humanity. Thc condition of our Churches to day may be aptly illustrated by thc follow ing|quotation trout . Arthurs longue ot I'iro : -Suppose wc saw uu urmy sitting down before a granite fort, and they told us they intended to batter it down ; we might ask them how ? They point to a cannon-ball. Well, but there is no power in that : it is heavy, perhaps a hundred-weight; if all the men in thc army hurled it against thu fort they would make no impression. They say no ; but look at thc cannon. Well, there is no power iu thal. A child may ride upon it, a bird may perch in its mouth, it is a machine and nothiug more. But look at the powder. Well, there is no power in that ; a child may spill it, a sparrow may peck it. Yet this powerless powder aud powerless ball arc put in the powerless cannon ; one spark of (ire enters it ; und (hen in thc twinkling of an eye that powder is a flash of lightning, and that ball a thunderbolt, which smites as if it had been sent from Heaven. So is it with our Church machinery ut this day. We hare all the in- struments necessary for pulling down strong- holds ; and O for thc baptism of fire. Our message then to thc Church is pray : pray unitedly, pray earnestly, pray bclievingly, pray on till endued with power from on high. Then, in the existence of a living, working, liberal and praying Church, there will be presented to thc world the most powerful moral argument for the truth of Christianity thal has ever been advanced." (Loud ap- plause. ) 