Why did not pierce vaugoan propceo to Elvira Delias and recoup himiell oy her ample fortune for the disappointment hie unole’s will had occasioned nimf Hid he done so, mnoh that was troublesome and diffi cult would have been overcome. But it was not in Pierce Vaughan's nature to let bvegones be byegones and seek philo sophically to make the beet ot life. He must for ever be fretting and searching and intriguing. Were it not for suoh as he the world would roll on easier wheels, but then perchance misdeeds and cruel wrongs wonld frequently pass unpunished. He had a grudge against Clement Dun raven for robbing him, as he considered, of his birthright. Cheating him out of Abovne Court, as he ehrewdly suspected, by no lair means. He was resolved to leave no atone unturned until he had ia soma way revenged himself on Sir Clement. All this was far nearer hisheart than either Elvira Delane or her gold. Besides, dainty little beauty though Elvira was, she soareely of late mumped the first place in Us feelings, if a man so devoid of real affeotion as Pieros Vaughan was could be credited with feelings. Elvira herself thought that Lady Marcia Foljambe was her rival, but in this she was mistaken. Lady Marcia was merely a useful friend, a stepping-stone by which Pierce hoped to carry out some of the eohemes he had in view. The individual for whom he had elected to conoeive a passion, probably because she avoided and flouted him—wasLisbeth Glen dinning. Ho more complicating or disastrous at tachment oonld, under the ciroumstanoes, possibly have arisen. When Pierce Vaughan came down to Brentwells to stay at Lady Maroia’s, and pretend to the world that he was the devoted cavalier of the gashing widow, it was because he knew that Lisbeth had returned to the Coleshill Cottage, and that he ooald occasionally walk over and, as he hoped, improve the oooaeion with her. It was only a faw hours after Jim Glea dinning’B departure that he started aoroas the field* to pay his first visit. How he would he received he did not know, and—new sensa tion to this blase oynio, he dreaded the recep tion he might meet with from Liihath, pre suming it ibould be a oold one, until he felt aa ihy and unaonifactable : aa! a 'boy.ef eighteen bound on a love affair for the first To reach the cottage from Brentwells it was neoesiary to go through Coleshill, and thereto saw a good many. of the.idle in habitants standing sbout in gronps, talking; amoegtbem was the garrulqous old woman he had previously met in the cottage garden. She recognised him at once and made a ourtBey, probably in anticipation of a tip. But Pierce Vaughan was one of those men who gave x nothing for nothing and very little for a halfpenny. 1 He might perohanoo get a halfpenny worth out of this old hag, he thought, so he oilled her to borne and speak to him, asking herwhat event of importance badooourred in which half at least of the Coleshill population was so Interested. ■ » it’s either a ghost or a backslider, your honor, and ho one can just make up their minds which it ial” “ What the deuce do you mean by a ghost or a backslider, old mother F’* “Why, Jim Glendinning, Lisbeth** father, as was convicted for a bad burglary and got twenty years.In the flesh or out of the flesh he has walked through the town this morn ing, and Sam Styles, he do say as he sees him yesternight.” - \- “Pooh—nonsense. Sam Styles most have : been drinking, and he had set you all-off believing in the absurdities he has seen in his baps. . Jim Glendinning-has been dead this many a day. - Old Josh told Sir : Louis all ■ about it years ago." : “Mercy alive, then it' wanr his gboet. I ■aid as it wanr. Lord, ! feel .my btok is a openin’ and shuttin*.I aee.it myself.” • ; " Pierce Vaughan laughed. r :7 ' : ■ : ; "Ton have seen eome stranger who.hu a reeemblanoeto Jim Glendinning, .or what \- you all,imagine Jim-would be like if.be were alive. And you get np asmuoheenaation si if the : worid were coming to an end. -1 : thoughtths Coleshillpeople had more sense. : ‘ Upon my 'word, I sin ashamed of you all.” ' ' ‘'Ah, yon groat gents haven't no belief,’’ ■aid the old wife with a tigh. It did not please her to be cheated out of her link with the supernatural, The ouly compensation for which would be the horror thoy wonld all feel at having such a vaga bond aa Jim Glendinning onea more in their midst. “I believe in something,’’ replied Pierce Vaughan, still laughing, but looking very oynioaL “ I believe that a bit of coin will ley most ghosts ” He put bis hand into his pockety and at first intended to give her half a sovereign; the next instant lie oame to the conolnsion that five shillings would be enough. So he banded her five shillings, and told her to refresh her self and her neighbors and lay the ghost, for no good wonld oome to Coleshill as long as such-like tales were bandied from : mouth to She made him a deeper curtsey than before, and assured him his spirit wonld never walk; ho wonld rest peacefully in his grave if only for that day's kindness. With five shillings Pierce Vaughan had bought the good report of the Coleshill gossips, and if l.e had not laid Jim Glendhining’s ghost, he badlaid the talk his own occasional visits to the cottage might have occasioned. On leaving the old woman after giving her this magnificent present, he said m a casual tones “I was going up to Aboyne Court, hut I will go round by the cottage and see if Hiss Glendinning has heard or been annoyed by any of this nonsense.” Pierce Vaughan was never really happy unless he could pave, the way for his next step forward. "So." he mattered to himself^ as he strode on leaving the High street behind him.’.’ that hoT 'if shril'hafe to'lioaredfhVvery*careful, or he will spoil my game with Lisbeth; vet, he is a useful man, a very useful man. Un scrupulous people who will do your work for a consideration and who can hold their tongues are not to he fallen in with every day, and this man can hold his tongue. I have discovered that by his roticenoe in personal affairs. Pity that Lisbeth has got saoh a father, it will spoil her chanoe of marrying. She is beautiful as Jnno, a paragon of a woman, and there is no saying— were it not'for him— hut that I—. If she only had Miss Delane’s money! Von must not lose your head, Pieroe, yon must not Iobo your head. There are many considerations to be studied." And so murmnringto himself he sauntered in at the front door. He was just about to do so a second time when Lisbeth opened it, no very delightful expreeaion coming into her hand some taoe when she saw who her visitor was. Neither in London, nor at Coleshill was she to be free from this man’s assidolties ! She wonld have hidden him go about his business and have slammed the door in his faoe, only expediency—the gaunt giant that ■ways so many of our actions—forbade it. ' Lisbeth found herself forced to he ofvil and look pleasant. Three minutes later Pieroe Vaughan was even sitting in the chair Clement Dunraven had occupied on the previous evening and was gazing ronnd the pretty parlor with a very-approving glance. He thought that this beautifal girl was even less "of the people” than he had im agined her, if ehe could arrange her room with so much artistic taste. His eyes wandered from these surroundings to her faoe, and the ardent admiration they showed all too plainly oansed the hot blood of indignation to redden Lisbeth's oheeks, thus rendering her, although she was quite unaware of it, even more attractive than be fore, enhanced as her beauty was .by the flashing of her dark eyes and the proud toes ef her well-poised head. " Teaoh not thy tips inch scorn, for they were made for kisBing, lady—not for suen contempt,” said Pieroe, quoting Shakspeare, though of this Lisbeth was ignorant, sinoe in book-lore she was wholly unversed. In f sot, it wonld have been very difficult to have oolleoted six hooks in Coleshill Cottage, for though Lisbeth had had a fair education and oonld read easily and write grammati cally, she had always found too Sodotntrer- — Notjhaving any intimate aoqnalntanoe, then, with the great hard’s immortal plays, Pieroa Vaughan’s quotations “riled*’ her to mad How dare he talk about kissing her lipe, and in a fury she forgot expediency and hade him begone if he had oome there to insult Her anger, however, had quite a contrary effect to what she intended, for it served only to make him ten times more appreciative of her charms. He gloried that he had aroused the lion in her nature; still, he was shrewd enough to know that if she were to be wen, she mart be gentir wooed. - He did not, however, recognise what a difficult task he had undertaken. Not that he wonld have shrank from it on that ac count. To find out' what had passed between Lisbeth and his cohsin, Clement Dunraven, was ever present in his mind, and that he wonld do so with less difficulty, on aocount of hie own newly-born infatuation for Lisbeth, he felt oertain. “Quiet down, soft dove, and do not let your burnished plumage be raffled by a few quoted words. Come and tell me how yon tike being back at Coleshill, and why yon es caped out of London so qniokly.” So saying ho took her by the hand and tried to indnoo tier to take the seat beside him. Ho little knew Lisbeth or he would have been aware that each word he uttered, each sign he made, was rendering him more and more distasteful to her. She hated Pieroe Vaughan with a deep and bitter hatred, commencing at her first aoqaaintanoe with him and intensified by the dread she felt of him when she became aware that he was Olemeflc Dnnraven’s foe. If he were going to add insult to injury by making love to her, there was no saying to whac lengths her fury, if not carefully guarded, might not lead her. . The complications wniohhaa surrounded lisbeth of late were making her very desperate, and it b dangerous for a man to play with a desperate woman even though that m,T* he aa clever as Pieroe Vaughan believed himself to be. She started baek from his tonoh, tossing hb hand'from her, aa though a viper had *t"‘f will not sit down,’' she said, “nortdl yon anohtot my affairs. :!: Yon are a fwrtb bis ; I mm huftibly-born, waking to gain my livelihood by honest means. Compromising myself with a gentleman like yon will not help me.” “I don’t know that,” he said, “yon are angry and do not see things, dearly, or you would recognise that it b good to have a friend, even though that friend .fa an objeo I don’t want any gentleman; it b better iarve and be honest.’’ Yet I am not the. only gentleman whose laintance you have made. Ah, Lisbeth, \- should I to treated with a scorn yon »not bestowed on-—" On whom? What do yon mean? Yon taking strange liberties with iny lowly tionj bat yon had best be careful, Mr ighan, I am not so unprotected sis you k for.” ':'-j . ' ■ . Ofooorse not. I forgot, your father has rned, and-—; Whether it was with Sir Miles Berkeley or Clement Dunraven that hie was going to : her, she. did not stop to learn, for she in opted him with— How do yon know my father has re I am not deaf. The whole of Coleshill is ting with the news.”' ie was white as: ashes' now, , and held y to a chair for support. It wiw galland nwood toiLisbeth’s proud net .....ot. _s pread nature to know ' J im Glendinning was her < father, and townsfolk should know’ he had re Wetl, you see, you may.want a friend, ember,,too, that I am in the Uw, and my knowledge mid: services are always s tfl oonuniod. Come, Liijlwtnj lorgivo iaya angered you.: l am. a sad bungler inning e lady'k favor, and if you do not the honied iapeaohea most women love, ■ball have ho mciro of them.’’ tedidnot bead Via Uttar part of hu sep* si but murmured: — “ What have I to do with the law T Why should I want a lawyer to help me?” it seemed as ii Keros Vaughan’s offer was an evil omen, for if the law ever meddled with Lisheth’s affairs, that would probably be re vealed which it was the aim of her life to keep hidden. v Nor could he have given her any reason why he offered law services, eo he answered lightly: “ We none of ns know what we may wont. I would merely Impress on you that you have a friend in ease of need, and ask you to forget that my rash words have displeased you. Come, Shake hands, will you not?” Somewhat reluotanlly she responded to his invitation and gave him her hand, feeling a very Judas the while; for to have known that he had gone away for ever to a distant land, or that ho had ceased to exist would have made Lisbeth truly thankful. This man her friend—never—she regarded Mm as her bitterest foe. His interest wae most to be dreaded in all the world, for was it not to his interest to unravel the dark secret ot her life, and use it for his advantage and her dee true • Having gained his'poiut and forced her into giving urn her hand, Pierce Vaughan was loth to part with it. i It was a shapely hand, and he held it with pleasure. Lisbeth wore no rings; sinoe she dared not wear the ring with which Clement Dnnraven had wedded her, she would have none, though in her drawer upstairs, looked away with other valuables, were two or three that would have made the eyes of every con* I noiueur in gems glisten. [ “ If I brmgyou a nng will yon wear it in remembranoe of the compact of friendship We Uv.jormedto^yi»:^gi<»>;.a.1H.>y. call forth. ■ And in truth he had once more ronsed her ire. 1 ' “ Never!” she cried. “ Rings are not for the like of me, and yon are a bad man and a false friend to try and compromise me.” ‘1 Rigid virtne! Pattern of humanity! Oh, Lisbeth Glehdinning,how shall I ever win yon into believing in me?” he asked. “ Let me be; go yonr own way and I’ll go mine. If ever 1 want yon I'll let yon know, that’s best,” she replied, foroing herself into the concession of seeming to be friends with him. 1 “And may I not oome and see yon some times?” “ What for? It’s no good either to yon or me that yen should be coming here. I am going to turn this cottage into a home for balnea and old people, and to have gentle men abont will be sadly in the way.” “Doyoumeantosay that I am the only man who oomes here to see yon ?” “That, lgness,ismy business, and not yonrs, if I answer roughly ; but wishing to be polite, I say I’ll have no men dangling about at a!L. The doctor and maybe the parson will he .our only visitora.” “ And what'about Sir Miles Berkeley?” “ He is my grandfather's old master, and was left executor to his will. But he never hardly comes here. I don’t know though why I should make these explanations to you. It isn’t your affair, is it ?" “ No, not altogether, hnt my deep interest in yon makeB me anxious as to your welfare. I hope Clement Dunraven has not wholly given yon np sinoe he married.” There was a sickening feeling at Lisbeth’s heart, and fora moment she felt as if she were going to faint. She managed, however, with a violent effort, to remain oslm, hnt it was a oruoial ordeal through which Pierce Vaughan was putting her. “I never see Sir Clement,” she said, in a dead-level voioe, “ but Lady Gertrude has been here once about an old woman for whom she wants a home. I wrote to Sir Clement staling what I intended to do, and his. wife answered the letter in person. Are yon satisfied?” He was not, he was perplexed, bnt he did not tell her so. Could it he possible that after all there had never been anything between Clement Dumaven and this woman, that tike was the rigid puritan she pretended. toapomiKl^e HUE he hu noted pointed to their intimaoy; no, she was seeking to blind hlm,.he must be doubly observant. Once she was in bis power it would be his to decide whether he would win her and be silent, thus sacrificing his griidge against Clement, or whether he would let her go and embrace the opportunity to part Clement from his wife mid possets himself of his rights. So great had beoome his infatuation for this woman who loathed him that he was al ready wondering whether he would not give np fortune for sweet sake. • It were vain to press his suit farther that day he, however, determined, and therefore rose to take his leave, telling her that not withstanding her desire to have “no danglers” he should look in when he was in the neighborhood and see how the home for first and second childhood was progressing. Thankful to he rid of him she accompanied Mm to the front door which she threw open to let him pass out To her utter dismay and his no small de light, coming np the garden walk was Cle ment Dnnraven. In the eyes of both men as they looked at each other was expressed natural hatred whioh they both so strongly frit, but usually strove to conoeaL Clement Dnnraven had just heard of the appearance of Jim Glendiuning at Coleebill, hence the reason of this rash act. He was anxious to discover if it were true, and if it would make any difference to his be loved Lisbeth. “Qoi e’exenae s’seense,’’ as says the French proverb. . He began an explanation abont Lady Gertrude and a message whioh Pierce Vaughan in no wise believed, hot shrugging his shoulders he walked tiway. more resolved ♦ban ever to fathom the mystery that en shrouded Lisbeth and his cousin. (to bx coirroroBD.) 