A DARING GAME. CHAPTER XLIII. ON THE EIGHT TEA.CK AT EAST. The conclusion of tfie low and cantioue 'knocking upon the office-door of Mr. Atkins ?was lost in a wild buret of the gale which tore along the street', ohritking and moaning like »ome maddened demon. Sir Harold ' Wynde aod Mr. Atkins looked at each other, snd then both glanced at the clock ; It was ?upon the stroKo or uwe've. ' A late hour for a call,' said tha baronet, '?uneasily; I have no wish to be seen, Atkin». I am in no mood to encounter a possible cli ent of yours.' The knock Bounded again, id the lull of the storm, low, secret and imperative. Atkins's face brightened up with sudden re lief and joy. 'I know that knock,' he said. 'Please step into the inner office, Sir Harold. Tou ? shall see no one but friends to-night ' He opened the door of the small, dark, ? inner office, and Sir Harold passed in and stood in the darkness, le»?iDg the door slightly \- ajar. Atkins hastened to open ? the outer door. . A gust of wind swept fiercely in, and with it a* if impelled by it, a man hurried Into the office and clos°d the door with both his hands. He was slender, but so mufflad in coat col lar and cap that no one could have guessed hie identity. ' Lord Towyn ?' said AtkinB, doubt fully. The new-comer took off his cap and tnrned down hiB collar. The lawyer's instinct had not deceived him. The noble face, the bright blue eyes so full of warmth and glow, the tawny mustache and the goldeu hair above a grand forehead — all these, now displayed to the solicitor's gaze, were the features of Neva's favoured lover. But tbe young earl looked pale and worn by anxieties, and al though now there were a glow and a bright ness and an eagerness in his face and manner, yet one could see in all his features the traceB of great and recent suffering. 'Alone, Atkins?' he exclaimed, extending hie hand, while he swept a quick glance about ihe room. ' I am glad to have found you Dp, but had you gone to sleep, I must have awakened you.' I have just received import ant news hy messenger, who routed me up at my hotel. I came to you as soon as I could — ' ' If the news is unpleasant, do not tell it just yet,' Baid Atkins nervously, with a glance at the inner room. ' I have news, too, Lord Towyn. Come to the fire. Bless TIB, how the wind howls !' The young earl removed his greatcoat and advanced to the fire, and Atkins went into the inner office. The sound of whispering . followed. Lord Towyn heard the Bound and Btarted, and at the same moment his glance fell upon Sir Harold 'W ynde's cast-off great coat and hat. Presently Atkins returned, rubbing his hands together with excitement. ' You are not alone, I see,' said the young earl. ' I will see you again, Atkins — ' ' Stay, my Lord,' said the solicitor. ' I have news, great news, to impart to you. Let me eommunicate mine first. Can you bear a great surprise — a shock ?' 'Tou have heard from Miss Wynde?' cried Lord Towyn. 'Tou have later news even than mine? Speak, Atkins. Those villains have not succeeded in forcing her iato a marriage with young Black ? It is not . that — say that it is not !' ' It is not that, my lord. How am I to tell the startling news I have just learned ? My lord, I have had a visit to-night from a gentleman who has just returned from India. He knew Sir Harold Wynde well and came to give me all the particulars of Sir Harold's supposed death !' ' 1 Supposed death ?' How strangely you , choose your words, Atkins. ' Supposed ?death ?' ' TeB, my lord,' cried Atkins, trembling and eager. 'We have all mourned Sir Har old as dead. And this gentleman says pre pare for a surprise, my lord — he says that Sir Harold still liveB !' The young earl started and grew white. ' It is impossible !' he ejaculated. ' He , liveB ? It is preposterous ! Atkins you are the sport of some impostor !' ' No, no, my lord. I believe it ; I believe 'that Sir Harold lives !' ' Have you forgotten the letter of Surgeon ? Graham, giving a circumstantial and minute account of Sir Harold's death ?' demanded Lord Towyn. 'If Sir Harold had survived his encounter with the tiger, would he not 'have returned home over a year ago ?' 'The — the gentleman who gave me 'the particulars of Sir Harold's fate,' said Atkins full of suppressed excitement, ' says that the baronet was unfortunate enough to incur the enmity of his Hindoo servant, who secretly ewore revenge. Sir Harold aotually encoun tered the tiger, ub was said, but a shot from the servant frightened the beast, and he fled back into the jungle. Sir Harold was wounded and bleeding, and his horse was killed. The Hindoo servant picked up his disabled master and, instead of taking him back to Major Archer's bungalow, he carried him forward and gave him into the hands of some of his own friends and country people, and these friends of the Hindoo carried off Sir Harold further into tbe hill country, to their home, a ?ortof mountain fastness. They kept him there closely imprisoned, and while we mourned our friend as dead, he was chained in a cell but little better than a dungeon.' Lord To wy n still looked incredulous. ' How did the bearer of this strange tale discover these strange facta, if facts they are?' he demanded. «-I Bhould like to see this gentleman from India ? I should like to question him — ' He paused, as the door of the inner room opened, and Sir Harold Wynde, pale and h&ggard;, came into the outer office. Lord Towyn uttered a, strange cry, and sprang backward, hie face whitening to death liness. Sir Harold approached the younp man, ex tending his hand. ' Behold ' the gentleman from India,' ' he said, faintly smiling. ' My dear boy, ask me as many questions as you like. Don't you know me, Arthur, that you stare at me so? I am no ghost, although our friend Atkins took me for one.' Another cry, but this time a cry of rapture, broke from the young earl's lips. He bounded forward and clasped Sir Harold's hands in hi*, and both were silent with an emotion too mighty for Bpeecb. Atkins turned aside to add fresh fuel to the blazing fire, his own features working. ' Sir Harold ! ' Oh, Sir Harold !' crierf Lord Towyn at last, in a very ecstasy of glad ness. ' What a joy this will be to my poor little Neva ! She has mourned for you as dead, and I have thought that the shadow of your supposed fate would darken all her life. How glad she will be, my poor little girl !' ' xour little girl r said air uaroia. Lord Towyn's fair face flushed. ' I love Neva and she loves me,' he said frankly 'She has promised to marry me, and I hope, Sir Harold, that you retain your former good opinion o£ me and will sanction our union.' ' We will see,' sai l the baronet, pressing the young earl's hand warmly. ' It haB always been my desire, as it was that of your father, to unite my family to yours. Tour face tells me that you have fulfilled the glorious promise of your boyhood. If Neva ?consents to marry you, my dear Arthur, I shall not refuse my consent.' Lord Towyn looked his delight, and then cast a quick, inquiring glance at Atkins. 'Doob Sir Harold know ?' he asked sig nificantly. 'I have told him,' answered the solicitor, ' that Miss Wynde haB disappeared in tbe most mysterious manner, and that she in the power of a couple of adventurers — ' Sir Harold interrupted Atkins by a pas sionate gesture. ' Arthur,' exclaimed the baronet, his proud face drawn with pain, ' Atkins tells me that I have been deceived in— in Lady Wynde, and that he has discovered her to be an adventuress, unscrupulous and unprincipled. Is thiB his prejudice ? I cannot give utter credence to it.' ' It is God's truth, Sir Harold,' said Lord Towyn solemnly, holding the baronet's hand in a Btrong, firm pressure. ' It is better that you should know the truth from us than to hear it from strangers, or be further deceived by the woman you made your wife. Lady Wynde is an adventuress, bold and false and wicked.' ' Tou forget that I knew her history even back to her childhood,' cried Sir Harold eagerly. ' I did not marry her with my eves blindfolded. She never attempted to impoBe herself upon me as other than she was. She made known her whole life to me. She was the daughter of a naval officer and a niece of Mrs. Hyde, a lady of good family and posi tion, who lives a very retired life in Blooms bury Square, London. We ate our wedding breakfast in Mrs. Hyde's house. Lady Wynde's first husband was the Honorable Charles Hathaway, the younger son of a vis count. Lady Wynde's family connections both by birth and marriage are excellent. I knew all this beyond a peradventure before I married her. And yet you call her an adven turess !' ' And so she is, Sir Harold,' exclaimed Atkins. ' Her past life, her family, and her connections wero all you say. Her record was all fair. Not a word had ever been whispered against her reputation, and she went in the best society and had admirers and suitors. All this I grant. But she was none the less an adventuress at heart. She had an income of three hundred pounds a year and Bpent a thousand, sponged from relatives, or given hei by Craven Black from his winnings at the gaming-table or at tbe races. She was engaged to marry Craven Black soon after Mr. Hathaway'a death and before her mar raige with you. Mrs. Hyde is not overfond of her niece, and told me this fact herself. This marraige, owing to the meagre fixed income of the pair, was deferred, and finally they conceived the idea that Mrs. Hathaway should contract a wealthy marriage, secure a comfortable jointure, become a widow, and then marry Craven Black. There can ba no doubt that your marraige with Mrs Hathaway was the result of a conspiracy against you by by these two villains, male and female— that they had set a trap for you, Sir Harold, and that you fell into it !' Sir Harold turned his haggard eyes upon Lord Towyn. ' It is true,' said the young earl, full of the tenderest sympathy. ' Tou were im posed upon, Sir Harold. The woman you married, so fair and spotless in seeming, was like some fair fruit with a worm at its core. There are adventuresses in good society, of good birth and spotless reputations, as there are well-born adventurers. Mr. Atkins is right. Craven Black and Mrs. Hathaway have played a daring game, but they have not yet won. This is a terrible stroke to you, dear Sir Harold ; but bear it buavely. Ton are not desolate because Lady Wynde feigned a love for you, and has proved false and wicked, Tou have the holy memories of your first wife to keep pure and steadfast your faith in woman. Tou have Neva to love you. Tou have your friends,' But Sir Harold threw up his arms with a jcBtore of despair. ' I loved her !' he said brokely. ' I have thought of her in my Indian dungeon and on the lonely sen, and have planned how to break to her the news of my return tenderly and gently, that her reason might be spared a shock which I feared might destroy it. And all the while she never loved me ! While I thought of her upon the deck, with longings for wings, that I might sooner reach her, she was the wife of another and exulted in the thought that she was rid of me forever ! Ah, this is a dreary coming home !' ' It iB, Sir Harold,' said Lord Towyn, sor rowfully ; ' but the wickedness of one person whom you have loved need not darken your life nor paralyze your energies. Neva is in peril. Eoase yourself from this great grief for her sake. Think what joy your return will b ; to her. We must fiud her and save her.' | The young earl had touched the right chord. Sir Harold aroused himself from his despair and said : ' Tes ; we mUBt find her and save her. But where are we to look for her ? If the de tectives haye failed to find a elue to her whereabouts, how are we to succeed ?' ' I have been upon the Continent/' Baid Lord Towyn, ' and have travelled from one end of England to the other. I have been on a score of false trails, and have failed to find a trace of those I Bought. I have now been three cr four days in this town, consulting every day with Atkins or Sir John !Freise, while the detectives continued the search. And to-night I have received news which for t*ie first time gives me hope that we are near the end. A messenger sent by ono of my de tectives, came to me by the last-down train from London, with a report of discoveries.' ' They have been found ?' cried Sir Harold, eagerly. ' N.ot yet. The object of Craven Black and his wife — I hardly know how to call her, Sir Harold — was to marry Neva to Black's (ion, and so obtain control over the Hawk hu^st property,' said Lord Towyn. ' It is to effect this marriage that Craven Black and his wife are engaged in persecuting Neva. When they left Hawkhurst, they left Sufus Black behind them. It occurred to me that when they should deem matters in a fair state of progress, or when Neva showed signs of re lenting, tbey would send for Bnfus to come and plead his cause, or to marry her, wher ever they might be. I therefore hired a de tective to watch Eufus, and it is from this detective, and not from those in seorch of Neva, that I have to-night heard. ' And what does he Bay?' demanded At kins, breathlessly. ' Toung Biack has remained at Ha vkhurst ever since tbe marriage — some five weekn. Two or three days ago he went up to London. The detective, who has been stopping at Wyndham as a commercial traveller in broken health, went up on the same train. It seemed at first, my messenger says, as if young Black had had no object beyond a day's saunter in town. He visited picture shops and so on, but that night he went to the Great Northern Railway Station, and found the train gone. That movement of his, as the detective, said, began to look like business. Black went to his hotel, the detective still on his track. The next morning young Black sold his watch and chain, and the next evening he went off again to the Great Northern Bail way Station. He caught the night express and went on it, the detective on the same train. The detec tive sent a note from Edinburgh to a fellow officer, who brought it to me to- night. 1 am convinced that Rufus Biack has gone to re join his father, and that if we follow him we shall find Neva.' ' To what place did he book himself ?' asked Atkins. ' To Inverness. It is plain that while the Blacks tried to pursuade us that they were upon the Continent, they were safely hidden with Neva in the Scottish Highlands. They may have gone there from some idea of bring ing about an informal marriage between Neva and young Black. Neva can know nothing of the mariage laws of Scotland, where a de claration from a woman that a certain man is her husband, when he heats and does not con tradict the assertion, and vice versa, consti tutes a legal and binding marriage. The Blacks may calculate upon Neva's ignorance, and hope to avail themselves of the facilities of Scottish law in marrying her to Rufue.' ' It is very probable,' said Atkins, knitting his brows. . '?-' ' Toung Black has the start of us. He must have arrived at Inverness to-day. I must here to propose, Atkins, that we start for the north by the earliest morning train. We are an the ripht track now,' said Lord Towyn. 'Let us follow it up promptly.' 'We will go in the morning,' declared Atkins. ' I shall go also,' said Sir Harold. ' Let the secret of my return be kept a secret t-till. | I do not wish to warn this Craven Black or put him on his guard. Call me Mr. Hun!ow. It is the name I travelled home, under. And be careful not to betray my secret until I my self declare it.' The three sat together by the office fire all the remainder of the night and talked. In the morning, Atkins wrote a note to his wife and another to his clerks, and, leaving the notes upon his desk, went out with his [two guests before the family was astir. Sir Harold muffind his face beyond recognition, and conducted Lord Towyn and Atkind to his hotel. Here they were served with break fast, and, Boon after, they proceeded to the station and took the train for London. Sir Harold breathed more freely when they had left the cathedral town behind them. 'He was well known in Canterbury, and, with a strange, nervous shrinking he dreaded recog nition before he should choose to make his return known. On arriving in London, the three pursuers hastened to the Great Northern Railway station, and an hour later they were on their way to Scotland, upon the trail of Safus Black. CHAPTER XLIV. BEUHTTED. 1 1 Upon the day after the storm, a high wind still prevailed. N° sailing vessel dared put out to sea from Inverness. The sky was dun and grey, with now and then a fitful gleam of sickly yellowish sunlight. The black waters were all alive with ' white capB,' and the sullen roor of the waves, as tbey hurled themselves against the cliffs upon whose summit stood the house of Heather HillB, filled all the house with its monotonous tumult. Lally Bird spent the morning in her own room, upon a sofa in a recessed window. Mrs. Peters came and went softly, bestowing pitying glances upon the round gypBy ;-face lying so white and sorrowful againBt] the cushions, but the dusky eyes were looking seaward with a strange, far-off, steadfast gaze, and it was evident that the young! girl was not even conciouB of tbe preaence of? her attendant. fj At noon, Mrs Peters brought up a ijtray on which was Bpread a tempting luncheon of chocolate, hot rolls, delecate game birds and jellies. She placed the tray upon a low table and wheeled it beside the sofa. Still Lally did not stir. ' Miss Lally,' cried the good woman, her lip quivering, ' are you not going to eat to day ? Tou had no breakfast. Tou will be ill. I know that I have offended you beyond all forgiveness, and that my face must be un pleasant in your Bight ; but 1 would .undo what I have done if I could. Better almost any kind of a marriage than to see you lying here looking so wan and hopeless. Oh, Miss Lally, if you would only speak to trie !' Lally turned her face Blowly, . with a ' look of surprise mingling with her expression of pain. . . ? i. ' Why, Peters,' she said kindly, ' I did not know you were so troubled about me. I am not angry at you. Tou meant what you did for the best. There, don't cry, Peters. I am not angry ; indeed, I am not. Tou are as much my friend as ever. Sit down by me, and we will eat our luncheon together.' Peters complied as soon as she could com mand her emotion, and Lally aroused herself to speak cheerfully and to inquire concern ing the results of the storm. After the luncheon, the young mistresss of Heathor Hills announced her intention of go ing out for a solitary walk. The wind wan not so high as it had been in the morning, and Mrs. Peters did not venture any objec tions. Lally attired herself in a bombazine walking-dress and aHtrakhan jacket, hat and muff, and about two o'clock she went out alone for a walk along the cliffd. For an hour or more she rambled oa, stop ping now and then to rest, and keeping near the' sea, over whose wide, wild waters her gaze strayed and fixed itself with singular steadfastness. At last she sat down upon a great boulder, and the slender, black fi^u^e -rns outlined against the gray sky with start ling distinctness. Before 'her lay tha wild and restless sea; | hehind her the undulating fields of her new domain. At one side of her in the gray distance, was the hou«e of Heather Hills, and on the other hand, and nearer, waB the low range of beath-clad hills which gave the estate its name. It was a lonely spot — that upon which she had paused to rest — with a bold bluff sur mounted by a very chaos of rocks, upon whose summit Bhe had perched herself. A few se*-gulls were screaming iu tho air, but besides them and the wild birds on the heath there was no sign of life, far or near. An hour passed. The wind still blew strong and fierce, tugging at her hat and gar ments with strong, despoiling han'ta. Her veil was swept over the bluff into the abyss of waters, and her hair was torn from its confi ning braids and tumbled over her shoulders in a dusky cascade. But still Lally s&t; high up upon the rocky mase, paying no heed to wind or murmur of wave, her soul bfing busy with the great problem of her deBtiny. And bo, looking seaward with great longing eyes, she did not see a human figure coming towards her over the fields. It came nearer nnd nearer — the ngure or Kurus Jtsiacs. The young man had gone back to Inverness upon the previous night, but he had not been content to accept his dismissal at the hands of Mrs. Peters. His old love for Lally was strong and fierce, and be was determined to win back his lost young wife, if energy and patience and love and sincere repentance could win her back. So, after a sleepless night and a morning spent in indecision and irresolution, he had come out again to Heatbffr Hills. Mrs. Peters was in her own room, end the housemaid had answered his knock. Eufus had inquired for Miss Bird, but the house-maid had never beard the name. He then asked for Mrs. Black. That name was also unknown at Heather Hills. In this dilemma, believing Lally to be at the Hills, as a companion to Miss Wroat, and believing her to have takon a new name as a dis guise, he boldiv asked for Miss Wroat, de termined to Bee Lilly's supposed employer, and to entreat her to intercede in his behalf with Lally. The house-maid had told him that Miss Wroat had gone out for a walk, in dicating the direction, and calling up all his courage, Eufus had started in pursuit. He saw the dark and slender figure perched on the rocks while yet afar off. Something in its droop reminded him of Lally, and ho came on a^ a swinging pace, his eager gaze never swerving from her; and as he o*me nearer and yet nearer, the conviction stole upon him that it was Lally herself at whom he looked. ' She must have come out with Miss Wroat,' he thought. ' Rich ladies never walk without an attendant. She has dropped behind, being tired. It is Lally ! It is ! It is !' He came up swiftly, the damp soil deaden ing the sound of his footsteps. He gained the rocks and began to climb them to Lally's side, but the girl did not stir nor notice his approach. A sudden sound at her sideNat last Btartled her. With a quick exclamation, she turned her head — and beheld him ! She did not speak, but her great black eyes grew larger and her face grew suddenly so deathly white that he thought she must be fainting. 'Lally ! Ob, Lally !' he cried to her, in an anguished, broken voice. Thank God ! I have found you ! Oh, my darling— my little wife — whom I have mourned as dead !' He knelt down before her in the shadow of a projecting rock, the tears streaming over his face and his eyes regarding her in wild implor ing. So a devotee might have knelt to his patron saint, feeling unworthy to approach her, but lobging and praying with his whole soul for forgiveness and mercy. Lally felt her soul melt within her. ' Oh, Eufus !' she gasped, in a choking whisper. He put up his arms to infold her. She shrank back, not with loathing, but with a Budden dignity — a sort of majesty that awed him. ' Tou must not touch me, Eufus !' she commanded. 'I am not your wife — ' ' Tou are ! Tou are ! Before God, I declare that you are my wife— ' j 'Huab, Sufus! Tou wrote to me that ij was not your wife. Don't you remember ? Tou said that our marraige wa3 ' null and void.' ' ' I thought it was ! My father told me so !' cried Eufus. ' Oh, Lally, I have been a poor, weaked- souled wretch ! I am not worthy of your love. I should have stood by you, instead of basely deserting you through my own personal cowardice. My father threatened to have me indicted for perjury, in swearing that we were of age at the time of our marriage, and I — I was afraid. Tou can never respect me, Lally, nor love me again, I know ; but if you knew how I have suffered, you would pity me.' ' I have always pitied you,' she mur mured. 'I thought you dead. I saw your poor mutilated drowned body in my dreams. Day and night it haunted me. I was nearly beside myself. I thought I should go mad. My father's mind was set upon my marriage with a Kentish heiresss who loved another than me. I appealed to her to save me— to save me from my anguish, torture, and re morse, produced by continual thoughts of you ! I had no heart to give her. I was base and unmanly in offering her the dregs of the cup that had been filled for you ; but oh, i Lally, I was half mad and wholly despairing ! ' I wanted the lore o£ Borne good woman to interpose and save me ft m gfiny to per dition.' it ' I heard your offer of marriage to her,' said La'lly. ' And you are engaged to marry her ?' ' No ; nhe r^fuaed me. Iam free, Lnlly and I thank God for it. What should I have done if I bad matr ed her and then discovered that you still liv.) ? Hove you and you alone in the whole world. I am of »nd my own master. 1 huve thrown off the pbackh-s my father has kept upon me I mean to he brave and honest nnl true henceforward, so help tne God ! I mean to be a man, L«--lly in tbe best aud noblest sense of th*-word. If- shall never be said again of n.e tb-.it f 1UI1 ' nnwtiiblo ae wa(ei',' or t'nat I am a c.tward. Lally. I offer you a sso^nd marriage, which no one can contest. Will you forgive me nnd tu.ke m« back ?' His word f und echo in Lilly's heat, but she did nut wpnak. Her pallor L'ave pl.^ce to a sudden rose stain, aud shebeen to tremble. 'I came tn-day to entreat Mist! Wroat. to intercede with you for me,' Baid Eufus, be coming alarmed at her eiSerice. ' 1 have not a fine homo to offer y^n, such as Miss Wroufc f-'ivni y .u, but I will work for you, Lally. I will make mvself a great painter for your sake. Those worthless daubs I painted at New Brompton belong to the pa«t I life. Henceforward I will paint better pic | turea, and show that there is something in me. We will have two cosy rooms some where in the London suburbs, and you shall have a suouy -vindow for flowers, end I will work for yon, and you shall never know want or misery again. I can do anything with and for you, Lally, but if left to stund by myself I shall surely fall. L-illy, little wifg, take me back !' He crept; up nearer to her and held out his arms. (To he continued.) 