JEatl Jlctos. LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent! London, December 15, 1S93. It is an agreeable reflection that any mad man or fanatic sufficiently anxious for revenge or notoriety to be regardless o£ consequences can by purchasing a saucepan, a pound of nails, and four 'penn'orth5' of chemicals, any day and anywhere, treat us to just Euch a murderous outrage as the one eomewhat unsuc cessfully oarried out in Paris last Saturday. The police, indeed, are of opinion that before many weeks have passed a holocaust of the same sort will be attempted in London. They put down both this explosion and the one at Barcelona to the written and spoken incite ments to murder of leading Anarchists, aad they urge that there will ba no safety for the civilised world while such mischievous licence continues. In this cry even the Radical press now joins. The Daily News says: — 'The nice distinction between deeds aud words, or at any raae but ween some deeds and some words, is breaking down under the weight of these abominable crimes. If it is wrong to murder innocent crowds wholesale, it cannot be right to extol the deed in tbe name of 'social regeneration.' The propa ganda of these horrors must be checked. The laws of every civilised State would make short work of a journal devoted to the professional interests of the burglar and the footpad. A society of philosophic Thugs would hardly be tolerated in our midst. It seems absurd to tolt-rate the filthy sheets that are the organs of infinitely more dangerous criminals than either. Anarchy as a political creed, at any rate se a political organisation, has now reached tbe antisocial stage, and mere adherence to it should entail the penalties provided, or to be provided, by law. Other forms of murderous conspiracy are not allowed to take the name of Theory in vain. If we continue the privilege to this one, it will be impossible to deny is to the rest. There will come a time when the advocacy of child murder will be simply a view on the question of population, aud when every wretch who is caught plotting arson will claim that he is only trying an experimunt in fuel for the roasting of pigs. Anarchism is no longer art opinion ; it is simply an incitement to crime.'' One of the worst effects of these abominable crimes is the discredit they bring on innocent people. Neither Socialists nor Radicals have the faintest sympathy with the Anarchists. Yet as a red-hot Tory had the im pudence to say to me on Sunday, ' both will get blamed. I reckon. " went on this abandoned person, ' that the Paris blow up will win us both Brighton and AccringtoD. A strong point of our free and independent electors is that few of them are good at distinc tions. An Anarchist and a Socialist mean much the same thing- to them. Both are noisy persons who 'gas' in the park on Sundays about ' busting' up everything, and require to be kept in order.' Tbe bomb-thrower, Vaillant, proves to be a man of the worst character, who was known to be an Anarchist of the most dangerous class, and was supposed to be under close police surveillance. That such a wretch should under any pretence have been able to get mto the Legislative Chamber evidences that the French method of dealing with known criminals is by no means eo perfect as the world supposed. It would, one may venture to assert, be impossible for a rogue of Vail Jant's calibre to effect an entry to the strangers' gallery at Westminster. Vaillant belongs to the wolf genus of convict A man named Marchand whose wife, marriage cer tificate, name, and furniture, the bomb thrower calmly annexed some time ago, says Vaillant is the blackest scoundrel and the bravest fellow he ever knew. He was often reduced to famine, and yet he was keen on money making. Marchand, directly he heard of the explosion, divined the author and said, and still says, that it must have been done for money. If there had been no money hanging to it Vaillant would not have run the risk, but for money he would do anything. Where he blundered was in not having studied the interior of the Palais Bourbon. He also blundered when wounded in not crying out for help. Instead he first tried to get out, and then hid himself. Shortly after the explosion, as Dr. Bourgade was cross ing one of tbe lobbies, he saw a man leaning against a door with blood streaming from bis face. When, however, the doctor bade him go into the hall to have his wounds dressed he said, *' Thanks, but it is a mere scratch. I'm off home now to get it seen to.' 'You won't be able to leave here for at least two hours,' said the doctor, 'all the doors are closed, and none can pass out till the police have examined them.' 'In that case, said the man calmly, ' I will avail myself of your kindness.' This was Vaillant. The police recognised Vaillant as their man the instant they 'placed' him, and he, seeing the game was up, cut short the inquisitor con temptuously — 'Yes, I am an Anarchist and proud of it. You are quite right, I did the deed. I wanted to make a frioass4e of those Sucre's deputies.' 'What have the deputies don9 to you''' 'To me personally nothing, but they are the sort of canaille whom one should get rid of.' On Monday morning the Minister of Justice visited Vaillaut (can you imagine our Home Secretary or Attorney-General calling on a freshly- caged dynamiter ?) at the Hotel Dieu and asked — ' Why did you commit this crime?' ' It is useleBS to try and explain to you,' re plied the criminal shortly; 'you are a ? bourgeois and couldn't understand.' The Minister thereupon ignominiously retreated. A few leading pressmen were also privileged to enjoy a stare at the notoriety of the hour. Mrs. Crawford, of tho Daily News, saw him under guard at the prison of La Saute. ' At the hospital lie was sitting up in a room at the end of the St. Landry ward. One of his hands wag in a Mtng. His nose being much swollen and bound with Btickiog plaster it was hard to judge of his physiognomy, but he was astonish ingly well dreeswi for a man who earned only very slender and precarious wages, and in spite of his disfigurement impressed me as intelli gent. He has very strange eyes. They have a variety of expressions, which show dis crepancies and oontrasts in the character. Their first) look is hard, sharp, sus picious, and reading. When be has taken stock of the person he has seen for the first time they assume a wholly different look. He has at times the gaze of a visionary, and again looks as cunning as a weak and wild animal in tbe habit of being pursued or hungering for prey. He has a strong neck and a fine chest and broad shoulders. Two policemen walked up and down the room where he was under treatment. He had been visited by a Juge d'lnstruction, who gave orders that nobody was to be allowed to speak to him excepjb strictly on hospital business. His wife has not yet asked to see him. She is believed not to have known of his plan for drawing attention to himself by bomb-throwing-.' The same correspondent says : — ' All the time that Vaillant was under surveillance for hie last' penal offence he was organising revo lutionary meetings and lectures, and had set up an Anarchis: society at Choiay Ja-Roi undpr the name of the Society of Philosophical Studies. The mayor was asked by him to lend the council-room at the mayoralty, but refused, because there was a rale to allow none but regularly authorised societies to use it He, however, lent him an outbuilding. The lectures were for rustics of the suburbs of Paris. Doubtless Vaillant wanted to become an electoral azent, and in this way to rise in the world. He was very clever in gaining influence, and in the summer season making money as a pedlar in connec tion with his lectures. He organised a band of plausible talkers to give village lectures on all kinds of subjects about Which rustics might like to be well informed. One of the band, aa a herald, preceded the others on a cycle which he had stolen. When thtnga were made ready for them Vaillant and his lecturers arrived. If he was to talk of fer mentation, he had a microscope with vaccines or anti-microbe powders to sell. He cleared one day with his band £20 in a turn round villages south of Paris. The lectures wero on the microbes of the mouth and nostrils, which were shown on the field of the microscope, and on auti-septio mouth-washes and snuffs. Peasants, terrified at the organisms revealed to them, bought freely the wares offered. Vail lant's movements do not seem to have been in any way hampered by the surveillance exer oised over4iim, and be breathed threatening and slaughter against society at Anarchist meetings. Yet here is his police record : — ' Auguste Vaillant, son of Auguste Vaillant and Josephine Bouyer, die-sinker, sentenced for the first time for shop-lifting to six daye, at Charleville, 27th May, 1878, at the age of sixteen ; eentenced to three days for begging at Marseilles on the 14th De cember. 1878 ; sentenced at Algiers on the 24 th April, 1879, to three months for steal ing ; sentenced at Marseilles to one month for thoft on the 19tb September, 1876. A factory workman and noted thief. He has since been all over South America.' Vaillant was not a man to take anyone into bis confidpnee. He was always starting nchemee. A fortnight ago he seems to have had a scheme for uolleoting Socialists and Revolutionists under his banner, perhana to sell them or their votes. To this end he gave up bis situation in a fanny leather faotory, and advertised in the Bevolle that he wanted to found a popular library, to further which aim be appealed to Socialist authors and scientific men. He only asked them to send copies of their writings. A police agent was sent to find oun what his real motive was, an-i went to Vaillaat'e home tt- we him there. He was instructed to go as an Anarchist workman. They conversed some time on tbe enbjeot, VaiUwcfe naying that he Waited to be able to manipulate at will erery jdjurehittof the district of PetLtponi,' , It ia pointed out by a PariB correspondent that it was a singularly easy business for Vaillant to obtain access to th* gallery of the Fr«nch Chamber, from which he dropped his home-made bomb. Not only is no pass re quired, but practically no surveillance _ is exercised over those frequeutiDjj the galleries. So lax indeed have the authorities been in the matter that it is said to have been the habit for some time past for homeless persona to quit their usual quarters in the Bois de Boulogne in dirty weather and sleep in this palltry during the sittings of the Chamber. A man carrying a parcel would not become the object of any suspicion, as visitors were in the habit of taking food into the gallery and holding a eor6 of picnic amougst themselves. Such a state of things is a marvellous contrast to tb« rules and regulations in force at our own House, and indeed at any other legislative building. Apropos of the Anarchist scare in Spain and in connection with that most gruesome exploit of th« 'mad defjs of society,' the bomb-throwing at the Lyceo Theatre, Barce lona, a good 6tory is goiDg round. A formerly well-known cricketer, whom we may dub Mr. A. H. Smith, was travelling in eunuy Spain with hia wife, and was at Bareblona about the time of the recent explosion. Hia relatives, who had received no ne*va of the wanderers for some time, beoame very anxious about Mr. Smith and his wife wlien the telegraphic account of the Lyceo outrage was pub lishtid, aud induced the Foreign Office to wir^ to the authorities at Barce lona to make enquiries. The initial telegram was 6ent somewhat in this form — 'Arthur Smith, British suhj-cs, in Barcelona during late outrafjfis. Kindly make enquiries aud wire result.' A few houra later the reply came — 'Thomas Smith is in Barcelona. Ho in being closely watched.' And again a little later came a lurther telegraphic report from Barcelona, the which puzzled the F.O. people not a little — 'The man Smith attempted to leave Barcelona lass ni^ht ; ib now in custody.' Later on the V.O. was in receipt of a telegram from Mr. StuitSi hiruseli — 'Owing ti) your confounded telegram have 6pt:nt 24 hours in Spanith gaol What ou earth do you mean '-' And the F.O. answered never a word to the angry man. The Dowager- Duchess of St. Albans, whose remains were cremated at Woking last Saturday, is by no means the first of tho upper ten urn- buried. The late Baron Htiddlnsvon ordered hi3 corpse to be burnc, and his wisht-s were duly carried out. Oc!ier notable latter day cremations have been those of the Dake of B-ilford, who di^d ia 1891, of Lord and Lady Bramwell (dying within three months of each other), of Mr. A. W. Kinglake, the historian, of M. Einil Behnkf, the voice specialist, and of the late Earl of Southesic The cremations at Woking now run up to between 30 and 40 a year, ana are steadily increasing. The society beauties of T-2 are most of them reigning still. The youc^ Duchess of Suther land (not Duchess Blair), Georgira Lady Dudley, Lady Brooke (cow Lady Warwick), Lady Powis, and Lady Fitzgerald, all hold their own well lijaiiist new coiners. Of th'iat the youngest ia Princess Henry of Pleas {ncc Miss Corn 'vail is Wefit), and the loveliest the Prince3s Holene D'Orleans. The latter is the lady whom poor Prince 'Eddi-i' is credited with haviug desired to marry. Unfortunately there were icsurmountable difficulties in thw way. Is was lifter his disappointment on her account the young man towud the very mild crop of wild oats which according to report culminated in a scrape with a Gaiety chorister. I believe there is no dou'it what ever the poor fellow was devotedly attached to Princess Helene. Here is a story from Yankee-land, which is at once a sublimation of the snake yarn aud tbe fishing tale. A man of Meadvill6 — a regular churchgoer, by-the-way — was ona day walking along r.he river b-iuk. He was eatinar a sandwich at the time, bat finding that the meat therein was cot at all proportionate to the amouoft of encompassing bread threw the redundant portion of the latter into the stream. A number of beautiful trout swarmed round it on the instant, fight ing desperately among thetneelves for the mouthful. The man from Mead ville searched his pockets vainly for something in tbe shape of fishing tackle. But tie searched in vain, he had not even a piece ot twin« nor a pin to bind for a hock. He sank down in despair, and was feeling very very disconsolate, when suddenly tbe long lithe form of a black pnake «ner*fed from some long grass just iu front of him. In a flash there came to his mind a tale his father used to tell him in the years long gone by, namely, that black snakes were very expert at oatchiog trout. Tbe man spang to his feet, gripped the reptile by its tail, curried it strug gling to the river and held it over the swarm of fish round the piece of bread. The snake proved itself a born angler, and in the course of an hour ths man from Meadville had cap tured over two score fine trout. The veracious chronicler adds that when the man walked down by the riverside next day he felt some thing rub against his leg. He looked down, and to his surprise saw his friend the black snake 'eager tor more eport.' TheSpetiterandMr. R. LeGalliennehavedis covered a 'new writer possessing a great gift' in Mr. George E?erton, whose vclnme of stories, entitled ' Keynotes,' was published some ten days since by JBlkin Matthews. George Effertoh ia the pseudonym for a wotnau — a clever woman — whose mind has been hopelessly saturated with Ibsen and Bjornson. Reticence she has none, the most sacred feeiings and emotions being brought into tbe glare of day and mercilessly analysed. The first story, for example, deals with the moods of a spoilt way ward and undisciplined beauty, who imagines because her mental attitude is consistently un natural and perveree, that she is a phenomenon, She enters on a perilous flirtation of the ' We are kindred spirits' sort with an Ibscene stranger, and is on the verge of leaving a lov ing, if rather bovine, husband for ever when something happens. The something proves to be a series of sensations which the young woman ultimately translates into meaning that she is enceinte. Thereupon she dis misses and promptly forgets her lover, throws her whole soul passionately into baby clothes, and presumably lives a good wife aad mother ever alter. The second story 'Now Spring has Come,' is on wholesome lines, and is really pathetic, though disfigured by sexual morbidity. The narrator (a woman, of course) relates bow eoniewhaS late in life — i.e., when about 30— she falls in love for the first time with an artist. He is a fastidious egotist; bub the woman's beautiful hands, full bussd, starry eyes, and clever tongue bring him to her feet, and he returns her heart for heart. Ultimately, after many moving passages, they part for tbe winter, the woman promising to 'come back with the spring.' Unfortunately, during this three months she tears herself so utterly to pieces with passion that she loses her good looks. Of this, however, she is unaware until she meets her lover again. In a second his look chills her fiery ardor. ' What did he say? Let me think. Oh, yes; I was wretchedly thin. Odd how things strike one. I once saw a representation of Halbery's Stundeslose in Copenhagen. One of the characters is an ancient housekeeper who is, as they term it, ' marriage sick.' A match is fixed up between her and some young spark in the village. The scene is this : — Whilst the monetary part of the affair is being arranged by the notary, &.O., he says to her — ' Permit me to pass my hand over your bosom, mistress.' She simpers, and I shall never forget the comical expression of dismay with which the suitor tolls his eyes aud dropa his jaw as he turns aside. I felt rather than eaw the comprehensive lcok which ac companied his comment on my thinness, and that soeue flashed across my inner vision. A eort of sympathetic after-comprehension. It was aa if I too were having a hand passed across the flatness of my figure.' Not merely figure, but hands, eyes, and hair have suffered with the woman's health. The artist tries to hide his feelings, but he is not very sucaessful, and his sweetheart detects and translates and exaggerates his every sensation of repulsion. It is a ghastly situation described with real power. The longest story in the book is in three scenes and laid in Norway. It deals with a wild and dissipated Norse squire, a drunken tempestuous giant, who nevertheless has a very soft place in his heart for the tiny wife — his good angel. The first scene, ' How Marie Laresen exorcised a demon,' describes one ot this brute's mad drinking bouts and its finale, and the other two deal with his sickness and death. The chapter on the latter and on the little widow's numbed feelings is extremely clever of its kind. ' Keynotes'' should not bo placed in the hands of Mr. Gilbert's damsel of 16. In 'John Ingerfield' Mr. Jerome K. Jerome deserts tbe new humor and tells a simple story of old London in George lll.'s time with a good deal of refinement and nice feeling. It is a very alight tale, merely relating how a man and woman who have married for convenience eake are by virtue of working together for the sick poor brought to love and understand one another. 'The Woman of the Saeter' is also a serious effort — a Norse ghost Story and decidedly creepy. On the other hand ' Variety Patten' belougs to Mr. Jerome's more familiar manuer. Herein be favors us with tbe famous legend as to how the now celebrated Jenny Hill, the Vital Spark, made her debut at the Mogul Music HalL The sensational plot of Mr. Justin McCarthy's 'Red Diamonds' eufiera from being baokneyed. The rough but kind hearted nouvcau rich* who arrives from Aus tralia witn gold, or from Sooth Africa with diamonds, or from Burmah with rubies, and is mysteriously murdered immediately on setting foot in England, is not a new character in fiction. Moreover Mr. McCarthy fails to handle the Boiagobey school of mystery adroitly. The etory makes easy reading like all hiB bookB, but it doesn't stir one's pulses or even absorb one particularly. 'The Dio tatdr' was a far more eucce'8ful effort. 'Flats and Sharps' ia the name by which Mr. Maekelyne, the well-known conjuror, has deoided to ohrbten his expose of the methods of tbe modern ' trick,' or catd&harpe;*. The book wiU *ko contain oa»ptmjba*piriimiauti *ad spiritualism. 4 'This Troublesome World,' by ths authors of 'Tbe Medicine Lady,' has many of the eame excellent qualities which distinguished that remarkable novel. The hospital scenes are admirably draw n, and both Brian Gilmour and Claudia' Lan^ton will attract and please you. The poisoning tragedy around which the story uiicles is, 1 believe, founded on fact. The ilev. U..nry Crssswell, whose three volumes of fiction make their appearance aa regularly each December as Christmas itself, has jupt put in an appearance. His annual novel titia time is called ' Broken JTortunes,' and like its dozen predecessors it is quite readable. Nevertheless I don't suppose the book will ever reach a second edition or a cheap reiEeue. None of Mr, Cresswtsll's otber works have ; and yet some of them, notably ' Incognito' and ' A Modern Greek Heroine,' were far above the average. Mr. Cresswell is a conundrum. Iu making the writing ot' three vol novels, which never get beyond the library public, pay, he has achieved tho apparently impossible. ' Dodo,' in her 6s. dress, is selling like 'remnants' at Whiteley's on a 'big bar K&ins;' day, and Mr. Kernahan's grucsoaie ' Book of Strange Sins' also eefem.s in great demand. I regrea'to eay I fear many people buy the latter in the hope of discovering im proper 6toried therein. Inthia happily they are disappointed. Mr. Kernahan trenches occasionally on the ceruleau, bus like mose of his morbid tribe he hates calling a spade a spade. In Buchanan's 'The Charlatan,' now in preparation at the Haymarkot Theatre, Mr. Tree will play a hypnotist. It is the use to which be puts his meamerio pow6r which forms the leading motive o* the piece. Mr. Henry Elmore Frith, son of the R.A., came very badly out of a broach of promise case brought against him last v/eek by MisB Florence O'Keefe. Mr. Frith is an actor now appropriately enough playing villain in a piece called "Lured to Ruin." In 1885 he and Miss O'Keefe wero travelling in the same company. They fell in love, and Frith proposed marriage. After this tho pair actually passed as man and wife, Mr. Frith being good enough to draw and spend both their salaries. This vA-nt on till 1892 when Mr. Frith deserted Miss O'Keefe and refused to provide for her. The jury gave the lady £150. On dit that despite his great age Verdi is at work on 9. new op'rra, the aubject beiDg the favorite one of 'Romeo and Juliet.' The choice his librettist, considers most un furtuuate, h being very unlikely the aged maoHtro can equal (much less wurpass) Gounod's popular work ou the Bamu subject. The latest 'boom' an tbe Aquarium is a fast shavingcomppti fcion between two barbers, yclept Lloyd and Wick, who palish on' 40 victims apiece in uucier an hour. Mr. Wick ia 6.ceoni panied by an iufan; phenomenon in tbe shape of his daughter, a child of six, who shaves five men in little over 6 ciin. In tho course of an interesting interview on pantomimes iu the Wcslmhuler Gazette jolly Horbert Campbell was asked: — ' Does not the time hang heavily on your hands between your calls at Drury Lane at pantomime time, Mr. Campbell:'' — 'No, net particularly ; we know each other so weli after thirteen years' consecutive work, and there is so much to interest us that lifn is protty tolerable uuder the circumstances. Last year a feature which developed itseif waa tho birthday parties which wvre giv«n by the principal ladies and gentlemen of the compatiy in their room:-1, each succeeding party vieing with the one previously givtn in elaooratenet-s. The climax wa= reached, however, when Dan Leuo, Little Tiers, and myself were called upnn to give a birthday party. We announced that it would be held ou the Thursday preceding the closing of the pantomime, and that we would epare no expanse to eclipse all the efforts ot our comrades. Liberty siikB and Messrs. Maple were to be specially commissioned to decorate the room?, Spiers and Pond's were to provide comestibles. Our friends expostulated with us at the expenFe to which vre were Going paid it was not neot^sary, but they were all excited to know what we were going to do. The eventful night arrived ar;d they w-=re welcomed into the room, which we had transformed into a model of a fried fish shop. I'laybills- from the lowest as well »3 tbe highest theatres were tanked on the V7;»1K Round tho hidfs were little bhelves, covered with marble American cloth nailed down with tintacke. Little pepper pots, ealt potp, aud the g'od old regulation vinejrar bottle with a splio cork were there. Litisi-j Ticb was the buerboy, with au apron on, waddling about th« room, handing out tbe champagne, and the treat w« had provided conaiBted of one huge pile of whelks, nicely cleaned and garnished with little ah reds of parsley, a huge pile of mussels, little bits of cold fried fish, and the Iarce3t oysters we could procure. Ib was amusing to see Dan Leno with an apron on aud his t-lee7es neatly tucked np, wielding a chopper to open the ousters. I presided over the whelk aud mussel department. So great was the amusement caused by the unexpected elaboration that tbe party quite forgave tbe little sarcasm of our joke, enjoyed themselves thoroughly, cleared out every whelk and mussel, and drank up the eight cases of champagne. An amusing incident, by the way, talking of jokes, happened to myself aud Little Tich last Monday morning after re heareal as we were walking down Bow- street. Ab you know, I have been favored by nature with a tolerably portly presence, whilst Little Tich is sornewhit diminutive. We were just passing round by Covent Garden when we beard two loungers say to each other, ' I say, Bill ; there's Herbert Campbell and Little Tich. They say the little 'un earns as much as the big 'un. I'm bio wed if we'd stand that round Covent Garden.' ' 