I)u as adversaries do in law: Strive mightily, but eat and drink as friends. Wednesday, December 19, 1894. WE- are quite in accord with the " Gleaner" in a recent Scrutineer in denouncing the unnecessary destruc tion of trees along our main roads. The road from Bowral to Moss Vale has for this reason been rendered painfully mo notonous. " Gleaner " says :-" I wonder where the Superintendent of Roads got his authority for having all the trees fringing the roads in the neighbourhood ringbarked ? The man who needlessly causes to be destroyed ?" the chief beauty and picturesque grace of country roads ought to be doomed to eternal ringbark ing in the shades of the nether world. The road from Bundanoon to Sutton Forest was once a beautiful and interest ing drive, the forest trees on either side giving it the appearance of an avenue, as well as proving a shade for the travelling public on hot davs. Now the trees are ringbarked their'foeauty will soon be des troyed, and in a yearor two nothing but the ghosts of trees will be standing as a reflection on their ruthless destroyer. In a tourist district more especially, every thing that tends to the beautification of the landscape should be religiously ?guarded from vandal hands ; and what is more important to scenery than growing trebs ? Who would care to dwell in a treeless region, if it were possible to get into forest country ? It behoves every one having the interests of the district at heart to raise their protest against the unnecessary destruction of growing woods." To show how the late Government worked a very clever oracle, we have pleasure in reprinting the following from Thursday's S. M. Herald We have at last got the detailed return of. the dis missals and appointmeuts of the late Government from ist January, 1892, to 30th April, 1894, which was ordered by the House so long ago as May last. The I operation of eliciting the information has been as painful as tooth-extracting, but it is, after many days, before the country. It is worth the labour and the time re quired to elicit it. It shows that in the period covered by the return there were removed from the Government service, as the report caustically says, " on the plea of retrenchment,''372 officers. There were within the same period introduced into the public service 1569 officers, but the " plea," whether of retrenchment or otherwise, on which these appointments were made is not specified. There were also 68 officers who were dismissed on the plea Qfretrenchment who were afterwards reappointed. If we glance at the relative activity of the different departments in dismissing and introducing, we reach some curious results. The department and sub-departments of the Chief Secre tary dismissed 43 and appointed 492 ; the Treasury dismissed 18 aud appointed 192 ; the Attorney-General did not find it necessary to dismiss any, but 15 new men were appointed ; the Department of Lands dismissed 29 and appointed 20 ; Public Works dismissed 171 and appoin ted 102 ; Justice dismissed 6 and ap pointed 31 ; Public Instruction dismissed 32_and contented itself with appointing 7 ; Mines and Agriculture dismissed 44, but in return appointed 166. The Post master-General was moderate in dismis sals, these numbering only 27, and against these there were 543 appoint ments. As the statistical history of the reforms effected by a severely economical Government, operating, as the report says, " on the plea of retrenchment," the return is an invaluable contribution to the political history of patient New South Wales. THERE ARE 191 SECTS (or re ligions) in New South Wales, according to the census taken in lSgi. BE CAREFUL, BOYS! for a boy at Newtown has been fined 20/- or seven days for throwing stones on the railway line. ^ THE CABLE TRAM in Sydney killed two children last week within 16 hours-both girls. Elizabeth Gunn and Winifred McGrade. THERE IS A PROSPECT of the Railway Commissioners at once cutting down the.steep grades at two points be tween Goulburn and Mittago'ng, and so enabling ia more waggons to be added to each train from Goulburn. CHEAP MILK.-A Bega milkman is supplying customers with milk at is. for I seven quarts, and a local paper says he is the sort of man to help them to cope with bad times. The same paper com plains that they are being charged too much for bread-5d for 41b loaf. . SYDNEY COLLEGE OF MUSIC. We notice that two of Mrs. Laby's pupils (Lynthorpe Ladies' College, Bowral), and four of Mr. Cecil Compton's pupils (Moss Vale) have successfully passed the ex aminations recently held in connection with the above college in the theory of music. I OLD & YOUNG MA.RRIAGES.- ' As a general rule husbands are about five 1 years older than their wives, but there is j one old gentleman in the colony 70 years i of age with a wife of 17, and another over I 80 whose better half is only 19. On the ! other hand, an elderly beauty of 65 has i captivated a youth of 26. WATCHNIGHT SERVICE.-The ( Union Prayer-Meeting Committee have resolved to hold a united aratchnight ser vice in Bowral on New Year's' Eve, com mencing at 11 o'clock. It has been de cided to hold the service in the Wesleyan Church, when Mr. D. Rutherford, Rev. J. Penman, and Rev. J. G. Middleton will conduct. CHRISTMAS SERVICE. - The Bowral Wesleyan Church has decided to have a service at 7 o'clock on Christmas morning, so as not to interfere with the " family gathering " character of the rest of the day, and so as to permit of whole families attending the service, which would not be possible at 11 o'clock owing to the extensive preparations necessary for the Christmas dinner. Special carols are to be sung at the early morning ser vice. THE CHEAP TRAINS.-At the Goulburn Municipal Council meeting last. Thursday evening, Alderman Lansdowne referred to the cheap trains advertised for the holidays and pointed out that tickets were allowed from Goulburn to Sydney only ; this was not fair ; tickets should be granted to persons who wanted to go to Bowral, Moss Vale, or any inter mediate station. He wanted to know if the council could do anything in the matter. Alderman Knowlman said the authorities only wanted the people in Sydney. The Mayor said nothing could be done at that meeting, and the matter dropped. GREGORY SCORES 201.-At the first test cricket match between Aus tralia and Stoddart's English team, com menced in Sydney on Friday and con tinued on Saturday, Gregory made the magnificent score1 of 201 for the Aus tralians in the first innings, which closed for 586 runs. So great was the enthusi asm that £103 1 os was collected on the spot, and presented to Gregory by Mr. G. I-I. Reid, who said that for once Giffen, the champion of Australia, had been surpassed by the champion -of New South Wales. On Monday the English scored 325 iti thefr first innings, and must follow on with their second innings. TYPHOID.-There are 34 cases of t3'phoid in the Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney. FRED TREVARTHEN AND MISS HILL.-At the Public School, Bowral, on Friday last, the occasion of the pre sentation of prizes before breaking up for the Christmas vacation, an incident oc curred that is worth recording. Fred Trevarthen was reciting " Tell's Address to his Native Mountains." . Now Fred is: a good reciter, the best we believe in: the fourth class, and he held his .iarge. audi ence spellbound. When he came to the words, " I rush to you, as though I could embrace you," (meaning the mountains), he suited the action to the words by throwing his arms wide open and leaning forward. At that moment Miss Hill, teacher of ths fourth class of girls, was. entering through the door to hear the reci tation. Imagine her surprise at being, thus greeted. SALVATION ARMY.-This evening (Wednesday) a " canary and crow meet ing is announced in Bowral; and on Box ing Day an Army picnic is to be held in Mr. W. Murray's . paddock, Shepherd street.-(2.) In last week's Cry is a very fair portrait of Captain Mary Weston (at one time in Bowral).-(3.) In Geraldton (Queensland) the Army is allowed the use of the Town Hall free of charge far Sundays, and the schoolmaster kindly, lends the forms to make the congregation comfortable. How different in Bowral! -(4.) New Zealand and Australia have been federated, affording an opportunity for the interchange of officers.-(5.) The Social Gazette (London) says that " the Darkest England Match Factory is the only one in the United Kingdom where proper wages are paid and non-poisonous phosphorous only used." ^CHRISTMAS PLUM PUDDING. On the occasion of the distribution of prizes at the Bowral Superior Public School on Friday last, the Rev. J. G. Middleton strongly advised the boys and girls during the Christmas holidays to leave the indigestible plum-pudding alone, and only eat food that was light and digestible. The Rev. J. Penman thought it was no good advising the children against eating Christmas plum- pudding, because they would eat it after all ; just |. like those who hear him preaching-they listen to the advice he gives them, but go ; out straightway and please themselves after all. Then came the Mayor of Bowral (Mr. Alf. Harrison), and he de liberately advised the children to eat all the plum-pudding and cake they could during Christmas and enjoy themselves thoroughly. The children heartily ap plauded the Mayor's advice, and voted him a jolly good fellow. Evidently the youngsters had already decided what to do in the matter. A MRS. AUFFRAY _ (nee Edith O'Gorman), who is visiting the colony sifter an absence of eight years, was wel comed at the Protestant Hall, Sydney, on Monday evening, and made a thrilling address. JURYMEN.-Judge Docker thinks it unwise for newspapers, to publish, the names of jurymen, inasmuch as it,gives sympathisers with criminals a greater op portunity of marking jurymen, making them"the butt of. offensive remarks, and causing them other unpleasantness. GOULBCTRN.-On Friday last Fin lay and Co. offered for sale a portion of the Gundary estate, but only 33 lots were bought by 13 persons. The' auctioneers were disappointed, and assert that the cry of the papers to "burst up the large estates and let the people in " is only a cry-all talk, for when the people have a chance they will not ava.il themselves of it. The auctioneers further say We can sell at a fourth of Moss Vale or coast rates and upon unexampled terms." . ST. JUDE'S SALE OF WORK. As we announced in our advertising col umns some time ago, a garden party and sale of gifts is to be held in St. Jude's parsonage grounds on Thursday after noon'and night, 3rd January. The effort lias for its object the reduction of the debt. on the church building, and at the meetings held .to. organise the affair many promises of help have been Reported and much good work has been done. We wish our-friends every success. - COUNTRY WATER-SUPPLIES. After the deduction of all re missions, the whole amounts ex pended by Government on the water supplies of the undermentioned towns with interest at 3^ per cent, from com pletion of the works till 31st December 1893 were as ' follow Goulburn, £55,000 ; Albury, ^"41,000 ; Balranald, £6oao ; Bathurst, £"55,000 ; Bourke, ^"13,460 ; Deniliquin, ^18,468 ; Lismore, 2"IO,OI6 ; Orange,. £32,688; Wagga, 2*38,500 ; Wentworth, ^"4000. GOOD TOBACCO needs no push, and that is why the Mazeppa has gradually risen to bo tho most popular brand in tho market." Sheer force of ' public opinion has pushed it up in popular estima tion until to-day it stands alone without a compeer as the one tobacco of tho time. We are only echo ing tho opinion of competent judges of the fragrant weed when wo say that Cameron's Mazeppa is a pure utiadultered smoke manufactured from the best of Virginian leaf specially selected and pro perly prepared. A grand feature about fchirf . brand 18 its uniformity; you cannot take up two cakes and find one good and thb other indifferent, but all are alike excellent. Try it reader if you do not al ready smoke it, and you will .voto Cameron's Mazeppn to bo unequalled. If you do this, for a certainty you will smoke no other. - - 