AfirpA POPTTF/iF By tke Flaneur. It hag been truly said that fame ia a very cheap rewrrd for ib often consists in being spoken of as ,' ME'.==-Mr. ==-w hat's this hia name ia ?' Even journalismj or permanent! employment shak ing sawdust down in a circus-zing, or setting up pins in a skitfcle-aliey will keep a man out of the poor-houGe when fame will nofc. I would rather poke 'poDBiitna oub of hollow logs with c otick 2os n liviBg thca teen round the world in search o£ fame. Shakespeare was of some n'epufce in his time. To-day we don't know how to spell his name correctly, in fact ifc is somewhat doubfc° ful i£ he could perform that feat himaelfo 1 am reminded of this by a painml par in a Melbonrne esehange which ssys— -lf Whea the Sydney papers cpeak of Parkea the younger they mean Barney Porkes, who ia over 50s not Baby Parkes, who is not yet two.' Barney Porkes ! Gould a greater insult possibly ba offered to c man whose whole life has been spent ia endea» vonrlng to prove hov abjectly he reverences everything fchafc 13 ' Hinglish ' ? It is enough to make our poor old champion of the ' Hinglish conaturtooahun ' take to ' fcangle,' or ru^h off to the nearest barber in a fib of temporary insanity and get hia haii? cub. ' Barney Parkes !' All She jibes and insults ever cEered to our Grand Old Methuaalenj could not eq'-uai the bifcbernesa oontsined in these tr/o woria. The assertion that ' Hinglish 'Enry ' called a son of his by an awf al ' Hirish ' name comes with orushing force to-diy, for Purkes the elder has jii3t delivered a speech at Bathurefc which fairly reeked with the most sickening slobbee over everything that claims to ba ' Hingliah.' While lamenting that he was still shut out in the cold, for instance, Sie 'Ency declared tbat ' ifc amazed him to find that the people of this colony could oifc qaietly and see whab the Government was doing without boiling over with 'onesfc Hinglish hindignatioa.' Sir Henry should know by thio time thai; honest Australian indignation is quite good enough for U3 to ahoiv, and quite hot enough for him to feel too, for no other public man haa deservedly received a greater share oil ife than fche cire of ?' Barney ' Parkes. Continaing his nauaeoua nonsenao, Sit1 Henry aaserfced that the ' grand hold Hinglioh Constur tooshun' was the finest in the world 5 ifc had 'grown up trader the common wall o£ England, and whenever European countries wanted to alter their constitution fchey adopted fcho system of the grand old land fpoin which the people o£ the colonies had sprung.' Well, France has altered her particular style of constitution oa several occasions, but ifc is very certain fchat tho loot couafcey in the world- fchab France would ofcoop to copy from is ' perfidious Albion.' The moment AraeL'icans felt otrong enough they biffed &he; oonsbituljionol wcys of the 'grand old land fffom which the people had sprung' ' in one uouudj and Lord Onmingtoa told the people of England ctraighi; fchat we Auotraliano wero faofc follov/iug in fcho i'ootQuopa of those aatno audaciou i Auaei'ican innovufco'jj. Tho i'epf; o£ Cir Hom'y'o ovfitiou v.'C.o ridiculoii3 euoiigb. to canko blip beiu ii2nl Bothurot burf3hGniy tboii1 lovely boado with n'aDmo, Dud J?sreinioc Dibba oyoko tyuly whoa lo acid a So\7 mocra . j3poooUc/3 JiL*e_ iboae latqly dc? Hvecod by Frtrkeo nod ReU (fcho Ts7dddlinp TrcliM) will plvQ tbo Govepamen!) ft bjg wojosifcy It now appears that that fine eld crusted toady, Sala, was the indirect cause of: Premier Patter son's asinine proponal to invite those undignified dullards, the Yorks, to relieve our depression by the Btinahino of their presence. Dale stuck up for tho GcnndrJons scheme to wr.ste =2700 on street decorations when the Duke and Duchess visited York, end pausing £os a moment in his far more praiseworthy attempts to educate the massea how to mako n °c toad»in»the-hole' and fry Oiiicns properly, George Aagusius declared that ' if the peopla of England had more pageants and were allowed to hang oct their banners, and decorate their streets, and demonstrate theip loyalfcy by gathering in thousands they would be fas1 happier, for these things would mean more work, and jmore work means more money in the pockets 0? the working class.' That of course is the veriest rou that even a British gorbellied gEovellet' could let off hie crawling chest. London is plagued v/ith Danselesa pageanfca alreody, and the only results are indigestion for o few and additional misery for the many. Englishmen want no farther inducement to ' gather together in thousands' to-day thaa the awfui poverty and general destitution which hao cursed their land, and whan they do gafchor to talk over plena o£ pelioL1 they a?o prompbly diapersad by the police and occasionally crashed by fcho hoofs oi the war hocc&s; they themielves are tased to keep. Sala had better stick to fcue kitchen. A bora coot should never go beyond his colander. The YorliO cannofc visit - Auati'tilic, jast now. Every married man knows the se-jsoia for that, aad on behalf! of my long-suffering sex I beg to assure poor George of our heartfelt sympathy in hie coming trouble. The anful day is at band when he will have to eafc cold mutton off a candle-bos: in the collar, and wash nimaelf ia a fcin-besin iu the wood-shed, and be oi no inoro account in his own house than a dead cat or au empty ]am»tin, Gsandma Guelph wi 1 reign supreme then, for she is c. bc-ri midwife. The womin ne^fc door will be constantly popping her head over the back fence, and sharply ordering poor York, as he moves about the y&zd;, ' fco go ia an' sae ho v7 they're doin' now,' and when he doea go ho will probably be biffed out of the saet'eci precinefcn by the indignant auL'seo cad. warhnps break bis ne^k over a bucket o£ hot water that has bean hurriedly kft oa tho ofcairp, And then id he isn't killed outright he will crawl down to the cellar once more and Gi£ on fche coal-souttJe, and sadly sigh-—' AHs, poon York ! What a day we're having !'3 Taiir doouu vi/omca b Jaignra ! weiA,, asii poor Pnrkea how he suffered on the awful day when the woild was honoured by the arrival of the boy ' Barney.' In Central Africa there is n peculiar tribe of so-called savages, and whea a family event of this kind occurs amongst them the happy husband is ab onee fcaken to c anug house, built specially for hia accommodation, and tucked into bed, and fed ou the besfc o£ everything the land can provide by a select squad of the moat competent and prefctie3fc nursea in the district. Id the new arrival is a girl, the fortunate father ia kept in clover for a fortnight. IE ifc ig a boy, the time ia stretched fco a month ; and in the event of two boys coining the proud pa is ranked as a god,. and for the re3t of his life is a man of more real imioortanse, certainly a fan? happier man, than the Czar of Eusaie. How the mother pulla through is beat known fco herself. No one seems particularly interested about her at all, and the party who ioeq fco spout about Woman's Rights over there would aoon have his or hoi' head stuck on a pole and iioicted iE the public squere for the email boys to pelt mud at. If Pa Parkes ever gets another chance to amend cur ' cpnsfcurfcooahun' I devoutly trust he will throw his ' Heaily Hinglish' notions aside and pass into law fche above sound, sensible, and meritorious custom of the highly intelligent and di3criixiu'.tmg Nyam Nyeme. In Monday's TstTzantLVii thore was a letter oignod ' J. W. M'Cufccheon, Major,' which oet' fcpjialy lays ovec all the reofc of fche coiToopondence put together that haa taken place concerning the momentouo matter of fche ooming cddifcioQ—^or additions-^you ciu never tell till tue number 'b up) to the House of York. Mr. M'Cutoheon risen to make a Guggesfcion to tho effecfc that ' Australia should now ask fchat one soil should be the birth placs of the young prince. II! this could be granted, I venture to predict a greater conGolidj . i m of the Empire than all the schemes fchafc have ever yefc been propounded.'— Yours, &a.;, J. W« M'Cutobeon, 'Major.' K'ow, that uiuafc bo oithos a most unseemly joke^, oeo Shat borlerj upon profanity, in faofc, os olne iu ia a mo.ao o5 lick-spififcle Tbi*one»toRdyiBm ihcA-. inuofc cickea tho nlimy little eoal of evon Pafcteu soa himself. If ifc ia a joke the editor of tho Tniii- QG^pn oraght to bo riddoQ round tho city on n ffaij cao! fchoH hcatiod oyer to «ho Foolkillev for fninjc dicjiQ G^eoutioQ. IC tho pi'opoanl iu ooEiouoIy moaiib—v/ol!, 12 ifc is, evorjthiag ia fchochp.pooS Goaows'o In nilpHccd by fcho Qbynomtil I/|npeonco nn$ loDthoomo Reovol of tho puhe fchat proposed if, Hp eaticiot noujd fO?Bibly do juatioo fco eiuU B..ohnnao Imn m^im^i Vbs-srtao rests b§6wes lbs o^tvv and the writer of the letter, and their Uood be upon their own fool heads. flow M'Cntcheon, Maj irf enme to know that the coming York will be & pi'ince is not explained, but probably he is an ISgypfciDQ Aatrologef from Woolloocaooloo, or n Fatdi' Fraud from JTrcudville, and he read the glad tidings frjm the depths of the soutliera stars or She 'g::oimdo' ia n dirty teacup. Acyway I am open fco wager it will be c imitcdss, and if 2oiB oddc were c ff ered I would even back the ' double' —prince and princess. As the Yorka canaofc come to Australian soilj however, I will now go one better them M'Ouicheon, Mijor, and suggest that Australian soil should go to tho Yorko. Goat Island, for instance, could ba g&wb; off at fche bot. |'i' torn and towed fco the 'dear old motherland' and J' a houee erected on ifc wherein the expected of fcho British nation, aad of M'Jufcckaon, Major, in par* ticular, could be born. The expeiaae would be ! considerable, but a poi-fcioa o2 the ireranuo could ' be ' ear-marked' for fcho parpoar, and anyway ifc ' would! be befcfceii' fco speed oar buvoIus in such loyal , labour than than to ' Cool ifc or/ay' providing food £or our sfcarviag poor. The poor we have always j with uo. Bub wo cloa't get a ^eal live prince j every day. And thank God for that I \ The only drawback fco my brilliant scheme 13 fchafc when Goal; Island was towed home fche J ' yoimg prince' might object to he born on Day- 1 thing that wca once pas-b oi the '' biGvyafced! Kawlonies.' The«a the Qaeea, and Patterson, y and M'Oatcheoa, Maj op, would bJame me for the [?* failure, and I might be condemned to Furliiimo^fc |; for the ireafc of my natural life, while the poor old l| Freeman would be solemnly cucaed with bell, | book, and candle by Parkos, and afterwards burnt | by 'Eoberto rTano' in the P^rk or Wynyord' jf square. On Qecond thought, therefore, I will | retire from the contract while I r^ta safe, and 8Q I ?! now publicly doolare fchat fche Yoeka caa rua the if show on fcheii- own account and I will not hold ;| myself responsible for any debts 02 disappoint- :| men's that may occur ia CDHQecfcioE with the | matfcer, God nave the Queen nuc] M'Cratcheon, .'1 Major! ^ Bivnem Wood caused trouble uhea ifc went over -| to Dansinsne, aad fchofc little bit of ?' r/hite !| heather' fchafc travelled from OcofclcRd fco Sydaey ;| Co grace fcho Highland Sports oa Mew Year's Day ;| has made Govi raer Dn£ fesl more ?iincom?orfcable || fchan if he had wandered oufc in hie pyjomaa and. if sat suddenly dona on a bouque(io2 Scotch fchisjtlea. \\\ All fchic uaplensantneos mi(jhfc havo been remedied j if Javyboae KTeild, or Tomuay Dodd, of the Active { | Service Sqrarjdj, or the Pcgbm^afcei1 0' hho ESotqaito I Club, or aome ofchec aelL^oppotsyed Bijtajor had j ehclkocl a cede o£ iaafcruefcioas ou a board and ! hang it up ot Goverameafi House for our new ?] Governor's guidance. All fcha'r newly appointed Governor a ceem to be quite sure about oa landing ; here ia fchafc they must drink champagne before ?! 11 c,m. anc! not go padding about the country, ;| unless Park os, o? hia boy ' Barney,' gives them i permifsion to do ao. c Sir Eoberfe beiog c, Scotchman, fche Highlanders would seem fco have come soaoll claim upoa hia ; patronage, bufc Holy Kiauaa Ghost ! whafcoorfc 0? a ? ruinpua would have beea raised if o\\\v (Joverao? | happened to be one Sir Barney Bcallcgliau from '! Ballyboyle ? Tha Highlanders would make no , religious rot? over it, I know, for they are aa . :i honourabiG people wifch heavfco too big for such a 1 petty feeling, but fche Orange fiction would hove I risan and howled aloud fchafc 'Tom' Giafcfcary wai j doing vilely and fche Jesuits v:era running and i miniug the kind. In spite o£ fcho 'heather' ;] hitch, however, fcho Heelanders had 0 braw fcims 1 on the gloriouB First, ind if any proof 0? this wa3 [ wanted ifc could be found in a Herald ad. nesfe day — 'Ticsfc, Bagpipes, Sports, Now Year's Diy. Kicd'y return, &o.;' Thcfc eofcablishes the cham pion record, for even the volts a tear bindsmia i who loafc iho big dnini rau3fc go dowc before fche |! piper wholoefc hig anfi'l bag of alleged misoic. : One o2 the groateofc fallacies that fill fche head ? o2 a male man— fchat cerm ia quite correct, ia i; fact, ifc is c necesaai'y ono now, for tho world is i full of male women and female men— --one oi the 'i greatest fcillaoiee thafc fill fche head of q male I man to-day is She notion fchafc women ora deficient i) ia originality. They a?o not, and if fcho ladies j; * chose to discuss fche oubjeefcj I think they could j 1 p^ove that ono of their oex iavervood original sin |: I itself. Certainly any presaman who wi^hos to c get bold of a few really original ideaa liias only to ?: fc ike a lady friend who pr idea herself; on being B 'up to date' fco a cLieirofc. caafccii, ol1 c. yaohfc raof, 0; and i£ he listens fco her talk for half a day ha ^ v/iji obfcein more original noliouc fchoo he csfl ^ shake n stick £fc is \i&\S c year. j ~— ' ; f, Oue o£ our weakly dailieo baa jurfc teauyi'ectecl ' q ii'io oi';oE,7 which Japhefc 6old Ghora on board fche ^ Affk about tho irA'j who osa fceir-ig ttilion fco see G ^ ncX'sh bcfc'.7C0H the O^olccra aad JiTon- SmoIrero o2 w tho anfcediluviio. period aoked, ' Whnfc ofcyle o? 0 cvicl'.ofc -in fcliifj—tho Ru^by ov tho Aosociafcioa P' ' ^ $ hevo ;jrafc hoowl n Psonhcv civa hcMev nneodofee, |5 n howovoi^ o?n nmasfc Hor:th Oydno,y o^lpb, who Q,t (J j « s?eoenS ociohofc rantch pufi oh n dcoj oi opoctijig §§! ing enttausioafc, aokedj ' Who is that bundling W\ from the mid-on wicket now ?' ?? Turner is trund ling feom the fas: Bide,' said the gentleman opmc | : what severely. ' Oh, is that Tarner ?' exclaimed | ? fcho lady. ' Dens mo how awfully ntrnighfc be ! i bowls. Why lie hits the other man's bat nearly ! ? every time I' ' Gome and have a cream,' sighed ; the unfortunate escort — ' come anywhere oxifc of [ 3 tibia, Sow I'm Hot Reeling very well ju3fc afc pre p Bent.' 