f* POLITICAI.SKETCHEU CABINET COUNGIL EXTRA ORDINARY. [By Oue Special Phonoqbaphist.] [A Cabinet Council without a phonograph is M defeotive as an etbnologloal expedition without a register of aboriginal tongues, a party deprived of a representative to repeat what he ie told, or a spirit laoking organs to oommnnicate its activities. Government being too' severely eoonomioa! to provide for all pnblio requirements, has left it to Press enter prise in this, as in other , things, to meet the want. How the maohine was introduced into 'and removed from the Cabinet meet ing here .reported are mere matters of detail, whioh, althongh doubtless of in terest to' an 'autoorsit of a aeOretire torn of mind, are of no special value to the pnblio. The "reading" of the instrument ie at sab-, joined.] .The Premier (beaming upon Mb five colleagues, whose admiration for 'their chief is notoriously as unqualified as it is unique in the history of South Australian Cabinets)—Hail, brethren i Behold how good and pleasant a thing it is for brethren to dvrell together in unity. ; The O.S.—Pray! Chief, don't quote The Book so often unless you intend to'square your-notions by it. ; The Premier—Now that Tom's away there is no one todispute with ' me supre macy m Scripture knowledge. . Holder's not in it. The O.S.—Ib there not justa possibility of mistaken identity with an ancient celebrity? The Premier—Hannah, don't bo pro fane. Abstain from preaching in the wilderness about the fine folk at the Cathedral unless you are prepared to forego your sumptuous little dinners, sparkling beverages, choice Havaunahs, ■whist, 'and sundry other dissipations in compatible with locust fare. Keep to Abou. We trust much to your felicitous speeches, which charm the Fossils as they have charmed so many audiences in the recess. In truth, we have all done good work in the country, and if our recep tions were hot particularly enthusiastic we have never failed to say they were. The T.—To conciliate and so fac litate I suggest that we the original Itinerant Ministry (expenses paid out of "un forseen" vote) should sing at this general conference, after our many travels, the well known lineB :— And are wo yet alive And see each others' faoe t The Premier—I will give it as a solo. All—Heaven Forbid. The Premier—You are as jealous of my vocal powers as you are of my knowledge of Holy Writ. But if you object-to my singing there shgll be no singing~at all. The C.P.W.—It must not be forgotten that one has been takeu from you, but I am glad, very glad to say—I cannot tell you how glad—particularly as it ib near the .beginning of a month, that I have been borne again into the Ministry. The C.O.L.—Double the Whip's ex penditure on lollies, eh ? Pass the bag round, nnd let us anew taste the.sweets of office. The O.S.—I won't Bay, Jinks, that your joy is our sorrow, because we are a happy family now. The Premier—Inasmuch as "no man can serve two masters?" If you want variation, gentlemen, I'll trouble Selkirk to express my feeling.-— I'm monarch of all I survey, My right there is none to dispute. The 1?.—We never had a more able leader, "a demon fot work," most masterful and sagacious—so men say. The C.O.L.—Permit me to. remark that "Education" has fallen into a sleep or trance. He has a heavenly face; a Oonkling curl ; his expresion is too beautiful for Parliament. The Premier—Like my' giddy young mentor, Hannah, John Alexander is fond of his "nap," but each enjoys it in his "several way" at an early hour in the evening. Peter Paul, please whisper in hiB ear that the Mount Barker Courier has a slashing article on him, because his poli tical gossip was not up to date. The M. of E.—What's that? Very sorry, won't do it again ;any thing to make my re-election sure. Oh, it's a Cabinet meeting. Beg pardon, I was dreaming— The Premier—Apology unnecessary. Never knew you to do anything else. To business, gentlemen. First, no divulging outside. The fear of Charles Cameron is in the stoniest hearts in the Civil Service, and they are sealed to the Press. The T.—Civil Servants only know the man they have to deal with. A reign of terror prevails. Sexagenarians in the top ranks tremble at liis footstep and shudder at his voice. He is the Civil -Service bogey man. Ghosts of shunted officers haunt Victoria-square. The C.S.—Even the head of a depart ment dare not give the publio the number of voters on the roll without a Minister's order. The C.P.W.—And a Minister muBt not give permission without the consent of the Premier previously had and ob tained. It is a Cabinet of an overshadow ing iron-willed personality. The Premier—This is rank sedition. Are you running the Show or am II Tou need the loaves and fishes and I the honour. You can have your reward, but I must have discipline in order to realize my ambition. ' What's the state of the party 1 ;Eh 1 The O.S.—I am delighted with the change in the personnel of the Council. My lineB have fallen to me in pleasant places. The Opposition is beheaded and I otherwise mutilated, the gilded Chamber being now but a Ministerial Echo. . The G.P.W,—The Opposition would j not have lamented with'loud voices if there had been a first-class political! funeral from the Assembly,' The Premier—Eh, what's that! They j might then' have chosen . "Major" Castine for a leader. The perky little drawing-room soldier ■ actually fired a popgun at me during the recess. It is marvellous that the kick of the j gun did not hurt him. I think the | Opposition had better be content with the i ills they have than fly to tiopical Solly, explosive Jamie, or mild Motile. It is as, •well that my well-beloved Ch'affey should bide a wee for the handle to his name, for he might be tempted'to come off his perch if he had'it. Suppose Ward should be moved to retire to give Copley a seat-, is another winning Bice available 1 Bice is a veritable Absalom. ■ The . C.S.—We know not another Bice, and it would be difficult to secure the seat again, while the "Liberals" of Augusta and Pirie think more of the Battle of-their Ports than of the struggles of their party. The Northern District .victory represents an exceptionally wise choice of a candidate, but we had to work the Oracle well to get him in. FoBter and Burgoyne Were with us in that for obvious reasons. •The Premier—We must revive that Additional Ministers' Bill. (Winks.) It will have its uses in-Steadying one or two. in both Houses who • think- their merits entitle them to a reward.. Let me see. In the Assembly we. have through stu pidity lost a vote,.which means two to the other side, and makes a tie. But I have angled to advantage in the country waters. j The M. of E.—I thought I was a past master in tue seductive art, but I yield the palm to the chief. The bush echoes with the old, old Bong—" Charlie is my darling." I The O.P.W,—Yos ; the Chief can be as sweet as molasses or as sour as vinegar. I pifev Larry, the new Whip, if he hasn't the numbers right for a division. Blount Vesuvius isn't in it when he .belches adjectives in such a crisis. With voluptuous lavLhness he scatters sulphuric devastation on friend and foe. Ask tecPheraon a tale to unfold. The Premier (loudly and stamping his foot)—Prattling Ministerial bantling hold thy peace or I'll administer a dose of Windsor soothing syrup upon a Governor's ladle. The 0.0. L.—I dislike a forward child. (Laughter.) What are you laughing at ? \ Am I forward ? A- Voice—No, only like "a parched pea in a frying-pan." : ' i ; The T.—I am afraid, Mr. Chief, We are { degenerating into personalities. Do you know why the Labour party wanted a Singletaxer in Parliament] The extre mists were always blaming the Labour i members for not advocating Georgianism, and they wanted a scapegoat in Birks or Proud. To paBS on. Can we not give our po'icy an attractive name ? Sum it up iu a.Word—"Forward,"and we have somethmg to compel admiration. The M. of E.—" What's in a name ?" If you must have one, it is not so impor tant to have it accurate as telling. Let it be alliterative. Christen it "The Producers Progressive Policy," with special emphasis on the " Progressive." The Premier—Doctor, you unite the cunning oT the serpent with the harmless nesa of the dove. I agree with you. We must drive—nay, we have driven—a wedge into the Country party. The O.S.— What bait did you use, Chief, when Vou went a fishing ? TheiPremier—For Giles I caught a fly upon the Germein railway route, for Riddooh & Co. I took a bit of frozen meat ami drain pipe, and for MacLachlan I fell back upon a chipping from the' blarney stone. The C. P. W.—Could you not get a picture of the Angaston Railway route to divert the highly respected Hague 'I Of course you will keep the Kopperamanna Bill going. Have you a pretty lady doll newly dressed which Caldwell may toy with in the gallery and forget to inflict upon the House his half-digested philosophies ? The T.—And a boundary contract to engage stonewallar Asb. The Premier—I'll see. As part of "The Producers Progressive Policy," I suppose we must in view of the reduced private incomes through low prices for wool, wheat, &c.;, permanently increase the taxation on land and income to supply deficiencies on railways, Customs, and territorial. To cajole the Country party we must make it graduated at present, so as not to touch the majority of their constituents. Having once laid the foundation what may not be done. By- the-way, raetliinks the Labour mem bers are beginning to convince them selves that after all this is really what their party wants and not an All Round Increase. The M. of E.—I could say something about who is to thank for that. The Premier—Eh! Eh! What's that? Don't flatter yourself too much. But now what we all have to do is to Bhed a halo of g!ory round the policy and make a song about "Encouragement to rural industries." Voice—Cant. The Premier (sternly)—Who said "cant?" The M. of E.—It was a faint heart's whisper that it can't be done, that's all. ("Oh.") The C.C.L.—Don't forget to blow about the village settlements and how they are settling the unemployed. The C.P.W. (solto voce)—" Settling" is a good word. • The O.S.—What shall we say about Bray ? We had nearly forgotten the inci dent, but Downer and Grainger haven't. The Premier—Talk to Sir John of the impending Conference and the Exigen cies of the Empire. We had to send Playford to Ottawa, and the other matter was merely a fitting in of arrangements. Tell the Country party Playford has gone home not to whisper soft nothings in drawing-rooms, but to look after the inter ests of the Producers. That magic word Producers ; it has an unction which "Mesopotamia" has, and "Protection" had. See what we hare done for the' producers—given a bonus for butter TheT.—Which has profited the middle man not a little. The M. of E.—Only as a mere accident bejoud departmental control. The Premier—And behold what we are going to do—erect a shed at Port Ade laide, take the advice of experts on new industries, and trust to Young, controlled by Tom, to make the London wine depot successful. The T.—Good. But what about the Temperance party 1 Tsitt stirred them up well about the liquor Jaw. I have pro mised to satisfy the agitation. The Premier—You went quite far enough there. We are all temperance men, but you must work out your salva tion'with fear and trembling. You can' have plenty.of time for it.. Couldn't we take the reform from Dr. Magarey in homoeopathic doses, too small to irritate 1 The M. of E.—And the Labour party is demanding its daily political bread. The Premier—Here are a few crumbs: Factories, Conciliation, and Women's Suffrage Bills, Legislative Council re form, the Referendum, and an amended Part XIX. measure. The T.—Will you do something to excise the cancer of betting, which is rapidly spreading over the community and eating at the vitals of morality 1 In the country the small children save their ha'pence to bet with at the race meetings. The Premier—Eh ? What's that ? Can any one tell me the latest ladies' odds on the last election or the next football match 1 Or what are the quotations in the smoking-room that the Ministry will not last through the fourteenth Parlia ment ? No. Then here endeth the first lesson in policy hatching. .Gentlemen, we meet again and often to complete the coat of many colours for a short and cccive session. 