WAS IT A GHO1IS THEY SAW. Mrs. H. IL Jennings lives at No, 211, Main Street, . Brjdgeport, ahd Miss Minnie Parrott boards with her. The houseis an old one, but in good order. One night early in Docember (1891) the wowomen locked all the doors and went to the heatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half past eleven they returned, and entered the housa laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by'a mask, his eyes gleaming through the oyeholes in it. His shirt sleeves were rolled up, and In one hand he carried a long, old fashioned pistol The women fled screaming from the room, and when M1r, Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely looked, that was it the women saw? " During a recent period of ill health," wlites en American friend, I had slept badly for several successive nights, on the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as sho was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to toll of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now, I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since and it's more that three years ago now,' No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition, in March, 1890, it was, that ires. Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows :U "I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in theroom with me, yet I did not wish them 'far away: in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning efelt little the better for having gones to bed, There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, andl I was eodk most of the time, My skin was dry and yellow, and the atomaoh and bowels felt cold'-and dead. By- and bye I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach By this time T was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My bead ached so dreadfully I thought I hould , lose my senses, and my friends 01ra4 that I would never get bettcr, " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs West of Bournomouth, called and asked what I was takiog. She told me she was herself once justas badly off, and was cured by Mother Soigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went down downetairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs, Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration, The original oruse was grief and shook at the violent death of her hus baud, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uucanuy visions and sounds mean nothing more or lees than a sot of nerves all upset by iudig stion and dyspepsia, Ghosts come. from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its w., k the eyes and the ears onter tain only what is natural and wholesome. 