A Cheerful Church. A SERMON BY KEV. DR. TALMAGE. I PREACHED ON SUNDAY, MAY 13, 1894-, AND IMMEDIATELY APTER WHICH THE TABER NACLE WAS DESTROYED BY FIRE. "Behold, thou art fair, my love."-SOLOMON'S SOHO, iv. 1. " Higher criticism," says that this hook of Solomon's Song is a love scene, a for lorn maiden sighing for her beau. If so, it is an unworthy and carnal utterance in serted in the pure "Word of God, and should not remain there. My opinion is that it is an inspired ode setting forth the feeling of Christ towards the church and of the church towards Christ. Christ is the Bridegroom, and the church is the Bride. The same words we can utter to day truthfully, whether in regard to tho church of God in general or thiB ohurch in particular : " Be hold, thou art fair, my love." The past week has been one of prolonged congratu lation for that we have for 25 years been permitted to associate with each other in the relation of pastor and people. When I carno to Brooklyn I found but a small hana of Christian disciples. It was not through any spirit of personal courage or reckless adventure that led nie from one of the warmest and most congenial pastorates in Philadelphia that a man ever enjoyed, to this then most uninviting field; but it was the feeling that God had called me to the work, and I was sure he would see me through. I have thought that it might be profitable to us to state briefly what kind of a church ? we have been trying to establish ; and in the first place, I remark that we have been trying to build here A CHRISTIAN CHURCH, distinctively such; in other words, a church where we should preach the Lord. Jesus Christ, and him crucified. My < theology is all gone into five letters Jesus. Jesus, the pardoner "of all offences. " Jesus, the foundation for all structures. Jesus, the balm for all wounds. Jesus, the eye-salve for all blindness. Jesus, '. the guide through all. perplexities. Jesus, the hope for all discouragements. Jesus, the reform for all wrongs. I believe that there is more power in the blood of Jesus Christ to cure the woes of the world than in an ocean full of human quaokery. Jesus is the grandest note in any min strelsy. He is tho brightest gem in any crown. Height overtopping allheight, the centre of every circumference, the circum ference to eveiy centre, the pacifier of all turbulence, the umpire of all disputes, Jesus ! Jesus ! At his table all nations are to sit. Around his throne all worlds are to revolve. He is to be the irradiation of the universe. JESUS ! JESUS ! It is that truth that we have tried to preach in this tabernacle. Do you aBlc more minutely -what we believe? I can tell you. We have no dry, withered, juice less theology. We believe in God, the Father Almighty, maker of heaven and earth, the deliverer of the distressed, the home for tho homeless, the friend for the friendless. We believe in Jesus Christ, able to save to the uttermost, pardoning the guilty, imputing his righteousness to the believer. . We believe in the Holy Ghost, the comforter, the sanctifier, cheer ing up the heart in life's ills, and kindling bright lights in every dark landing-place. "We believe that the whole race is so sunken in sin that nothing but the omni potent arm of God can ever lift it ont. WE BELIEVE IN. GRACE, free grace, sovereign grace, triumphant grace, eternal grace. We believe in a Bible, authentic in its statements, imma culate in its teachings, glorious in its promises. We believe in heaven, the abode of the rightous, and in hell the residence of those who are soul-suicides-of their own free choice refusing the Divine mercy. We "believe in the salvation of all men who accept . Christ by faith, be they sprinkled or immersed, worship they in cathedral or log cabin, believe they in Presbyterianism or Episcopacy, dwell they under Italian skies or in Siberian snow-storms,, be they Ethiopian or Ameri can. All one in Christ. One Lord, one faith, one baptism, on the way to one heaven. We built this Tabernacle for the purpose of setting forth these great essentials of the "Gospel of Christ. Would that we had been more faithful in the pulpit ! Would that we had been more faithful in the pew ! 2\. I remark, further, that we have tried here to build a church D ISTINCTIVELY UNCONVENTIONAL. Instead of asking, as Borne people are dis posed to do, how other people do it, we have asked the question how people do not do it. Imperious custom has decided that churches shall be angular, .cheerless; gloomy, unsympathetic ; forgetting that "what men call a pious gloom isimpiousfl and that that ohurch has the best archi tecture "where the people are the most comfortable, and that that is the most efficient Christian service where the people are made most sick of sin, and most. anxious after Christ and heaven. And so we called the architects together for our first church building, and Bald, " Give us an amphitheatre "-that is a . large family circle gathered round a fire place» For many years we had felt that an amphitheatre was the only proper shape for an audience-room. Tho, prominent architects of the country said, "It cannot be done. You need a churchly building." And so we had plan after plan of churchly buildings presented; but in due time God sent a man who grasped our idea and executed it. So far from being a failure., it satisfied our want, and all our three churches were built on THE AMPHITHÜATRICAL PLAN, and scores of churches all over the country have adopted the same plan. And, my brethren and Bisters, we fail in our work just in proportion as we try to he like other churches. We believe that God intended every church, like every man, to be individual, gathering up all its pecu liarities and idiosyncrasies, and hurling . them all toward some good and grand object. In, other words, no two churches ought ever to be just alike. Here is a church, for instance, whose objeot it is to prepare philosophers, and artists, and critics for heaven. God speed them in the difficult work I Here is a church, on the other hand, that proposes to bring only the poor into the kingdom of Jesus Christ, looking not after the rich. God speed such a church in its undertaking ! But there is a larger idea that a church may take- bringing in THE RICH AND THE POOR, the wise and the ignorant, the high and the low; so that kneeling beside each other shall be the man faring sumptuously, every day and the man who could not get his breakfast. God speed such a church ! Oh ! my friends, we need to break away from slavery to ecclesiastical custom. "We dare not sing if anybody hears us. We dare not preach unless we have rounded off our sentences to suit the criticism of the world. We dare not dress for church until we have examined the fashion plates, and would rather stay at home than appear with a coat or hat not sanctioned by custom. When will the day of deliver ance come to the church of God, when, in stead of a dead religion, laid out in state on a catafalque of pomp and insincerity, we shall have a living, bounding, sympa thetic, glowing Christianity ? I remark, further, that we have tried here to build and TO CONDUCT A CHEERFUL CHURCH. While, as you know, we have not held back the terrors of the law, and the sterner doctrines of the gospel, we have tried in thiB house to present to this people the idea that the gladdest, brightest, happiest thing in all the universe is the christian religion. There is^a much trouble in the world j ' ' h'usiness méh^'i^^^o many anxieties; toiling men have^ so many fatigues; orphans have so many desola tions-for God's sake, if there be any bright place on earth, show it to them. Let the church of Jesus Christ be the most cheerful spot on earth. Let me say that I do not want anybody to come whining around me about the Christian reli gion. If the religion that is pre sented to us be a depression, we will get along better without it. If it be a joy let it Bhine out from your face and from your conversation. If a man comes to my i house to talk of religion with lugubrious I countenance and manner, full of fretting ! and dolorousnesa, I feel like saying to my I wife,-"Youhad better lock up the silver; before he steals anything." I have found it to be AN INVARIABLE RULE that men who profess faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, and pride themselves at the same time in their sanctimoniousness, al ways turn out badly. I never knew an ex> ception. While those who are the most consistent, the most useful, and the most consecrated, have perfume in their conver sation, and heaven in their, face. The happiest Christians that I have ever i known have been persons from 60 to 80 ' years of ago. By that time people get over the shams and pretences of society, and. have no longer any patience with any thing like imposture in religion. O Christian! how dare you be gloomy? Is not God your Father? Is not Jesus Christ your Saviour? Has not your path all through life been strewed with mercies ? Are you insensible to the fact that there are glories awaiting you in the better land? - doxologies of celestial worship, eternal chorals, tearless eyes? Is there nothing in songs that never cease, in hearts that never ache, in splendors that never die, to make you glad ? Then take no more mercy at the hand of thy God! Give back the marriage iring of love that Jesus put on your finger in that day o£ your espousal ! Plant no more of the flowers of heaven where there ought to he nothing but nettles and nightshade ! (TO BE CONCLUDED.) On August 14 Cardinal Moran is to pre side at the annual meeting of the Catholic; Bishops of New South Wales, and on August 16 he will meet the Archbishops o£ Australasia. 