Pleasantries. j UNTIL — . Maud was the sweetest ana ine uvau, Maud gave my heart the most unrest ; Of all maids Maud was lovoliest— Until I met Nan. Then was sweet Nan tho fairest maid ; Beauty was hers that ne'er could fade ; Girl of the superfiuest grade — Until I met Fan. Then— I'll confess it bold and free— i'an was tne maia or minus ou uic, Down by the restless surging sea— Until I met you. Now I would swear that you are beat, You give my heart the meat unrest ; You are bj far the loveliest; I swear I'll be true — Until—! TESTED. Mrs. Fidget (as she lays down her novel). These ghost stories are silly. Just as if anyone would believe them. , , , , . Mr. Fidget.— Yes, that's so ; but you had better go to bedlnow, dear. It's after 11 o'clock, ana I II have to be up for a couple of hours yet. Mr. Fidget.— What. Go to bed alono, after read ing that book ? Not much. LANGUAGE OF THE UMBRELLA. An umbrella carried over a woman, the man getting nothing but tho drippings of the xain, in dicates courtship. When the order of things is reversed, and the man has the umbrella and the woman the drippings, it indicates that they are married. To trail your umbrella along the ground means that tho man behind you is thirsting for your blood. . . To carry it at right angles under your arm signi fies that an eye may bo lost by the unfortunate person who may be behind you. To press an umbrella on your friend, Eaying, ' Oh— do take it ; I had much rather yon would than not,' signifies lying. To give a friend half of your umbrella signifies that both of you will get wot. To place a cotton umbrella alongside of a silk one signifies ' Exchange ia no robbery.' To lend an umbrlla indicates you are a fool. To return an umbrella means — well, never mind what it means ; nobody ever does it. THE SIC.HS Or A SHOE. ' My solo is weary,' sighed the shoe, ' And worn, I also see ; And yet I Ihiow no tonic to Prevent this leathergy.' THEIR SYMPATHY. The girls were admiring a statuette of Andro meda, which was labelled ' Executed in Terra Cotta,' ' Where is Terra Cotta ?' asked one of them, with probably some vague idea of Terra del Fuego. ' I'm sure I do not know,' was the reply, ' but I pity the poor girl, wherever it is.' A SUBJECT SUGGESTED. Dear parsons, when you are in doubt On what text to exert your power, And wonder what to preach about, Pray preach about half an hour. GRAVE AND GAY, My lad, if you would please the town, Remember life's a chequered quilt Of grave and gay, of smile and frown — And that's the way the world is built. The world is built of grave and gay ; Remember, lad, this golden rule — A laugh to chase its gloom away, A spur to prick the empty fool. A mingled yarn of shine and shade, A quilt of patches loosely knit — Remember, thus the world is made, And sing for them that fashion it. HE WAS UJISBLFISH. The tramp peeped over the back fence to see if there were a dog in the yard, and Beeing none he slipped up to the kitchen door and knocked. ' Y' ain't got no dogs around, have you, miss t' he said to the cook who answered the summons of the stranger. ' No, but ife've got a Bengal tiger tied around the corner.' ' Is he tisd purty safe, miss ?' 'Yes, but 1 can untie him and he's hungry.' ' Much hungry, misB ?' 'Very; he hasn't had anything to eat for two days.' ' That's my fix exactly, miss, and I can sympa thise with him. Untie him.' The cook laughed. 'Come in,' she said, 'and eat all you want, so the tiger can have a decent meal,' and the tramp chuckled softly as he went in. A FAIR TH3Z8SOPHIST. The following «onversation between two ladies was actually overheard in a train. First Lady : ' And you say you are a Theoso phist ?' Second Lady: 'Yes.' First Lady : ' What is Theosophy ?' Second Lady : *' It is Nirvana, my dear.' First Lady : ' And what is Nirvana ?' Second Lady : ' It means nothing.' First Lady ; 'Oh, it must be so fascinating.' WELL LOST. The world is well loBt when the world is wrong, No matter how men deride you ; For if you are patient and firm and strong You will find in time (though the time be long) That the world wheels round beside you. .If you dare to sail o'er a new thought track, For awhile it will scourge and scorn you ; Then, coming abrest with a skilful tack, It will clasp your band and slap your back And vow it was there before you. SOME APPROPRIATE FISH, &C.; For Critics — the Carp. For Lift-men — the Oyster. For Lovers of Poetry — Crab(be). For Officials — the Seal. For Lawyers — the Sharir. For Clergymen — Soles. For Maiden Ladies — the Porpoise (poor puss). For Doctors — the Eel. For Office Seekers — the Plaice. WHAT BHE FEARED. Fannie : ' I am dreadful nervous. Mr. Charlie Bondclipper iB going to call on papa this afternoon to ask for my hand.' Jennie : ' Are you afraid your father will refuse ?' ' No, Father is all right.' ' Then what are you nervous about ?' ' I'm afraid Charlie will not Bhow up.' DEATH FROM EXPOSURE. A coroner's jury returned a verdict that the deceased came to his death from exposure. ' What i do you mean by this ?' asked a relative of the dead ' man, 'when there were two bullet holes in his head.' ' The Coroner replied, with a wave of his magis terial band, 'Just so. He died from exposure to bullets.' jowett's fun. A clerical contributor sends another contribution to the anecdotes about the late Professor Jowett, this time with regard to the Master's connection with Bishop Colenso. When the Bishop was ap pointed to the see of Natal, his orthodoxy being somewhat questionable, the following stanza was written about him : A TEMPORARY RESTING-PLACE. _ Distracted husband (of literary wife) : ' Made line, Madeline ! I hear the baby crying and I can't find it anywhere. Don't you think where you put it ?' Literary wife : ' Have you looked in tho piano and the refrigerator ?' Distracted husband : ' Yes, yes !' Literary wife (resuming ker pen) : ' Then I must have placed it temporarily in the book-case.' GUIDE DOOK BATHOS. A good example of bathos is eulled from the guide book to Niagara by a writer in a con temporary : — ' No pen can describe the sublimity and grandeur of the scene, nor can tongue give expression to tho awe-inspiring sensations' produced by this wonder ful work of nature, which must be seen to be appreciated. The charge for the Cave of the WindB ia 50c. — r-' 