THE :CAMP AlN CR. STYLES SPEAKS. A-BIG MEETING. FOLLY 700 persons crowded into the M?Mechanics' Institute- on Monday, night, while at least 300 more hung about the - doors unable to obtain admission to hear Mr Styles open, the election campaign. His Worship' the Mayor, Cr Hick, occupied the chair, but the orderly nature of the meeting rendered his duties easy of fulfilment. The chairman, in the usual formal introduction, asked the attention of electors, as no more important, period had ever arrived in the history. of the colony than the present, for it was upon the electors' decision and the country's selection generally that de pended the-colony's -future prosperity., Applause. Mr Styles, who was well received, thanked the electors for their attend ance in such numbers, and accepted their presence as a proof- of the live interest they took in who represented Williamstown in Parliament. His experience of the. electorate was that every man was given a fair hearing. (Applause.) - It was his intention to first deal with the head of the Govern ment, Sir James B. Patterson, as he was the central figure of the present elections by his position as Premier. He would take their recollection back to 1889 when. the Commissioner of Trade and, Customs. visited Williams-. woiair tii gentlem5a,-was? theniZrtr not Sir J. B. Patterson, and he -in \- spected the Graving Dock, agreed and promised that it should accommodate the largest vessel afloat; in fact, in tended to make the dock 100 feet longer, but from then the people of Williamstown had heard no more of the.matter. A few months ago Sir J. B. Patterson again appeared in their. midst. He then led the people to ex pect that a depot for the frozen meat trade would be established in-. WilL liamstown. It was not quite a pledge, but Sir J. B. Patterson, in his inimic able manner, led the people to take it so. But- the very next day the Premier's colleague said the same thing to the people of Echuca, which showed that so far as Mr Patterson was concerned ,he seemed to forget his promises.: ' The next thing they -heard was that theGovernment had leased a portion oE that red and white elephant \---the Fish and Produce Market-for three or four years to see how the cat would jump (laughter.) Mr Patterson had left it open that " probably" a depot might be opened in Williams town, but there was not the ghost of a chance so long as he held the reins of Government. The present Ministry started in a cheerful mood ; the hon. treasurer showed a surplus, on paper, of £3000, but found it in reality deficit of £600,000. So confident were the Ministry that this Government was going to make all straight - that they shut up Parliament and went off on a junketting tour through the country, ignoring the cry from the people that they should pay attention to' the business of the country. On that tour the . gospel of. cheerfulness was preached,-not a difficult thing to do when looking through the bottom of a champagne glass (laughter and 'sour grass'.) It was all very well then to talk cheerfulness to a man on £1- per week with four or five children and a wife to supporet On the 7th May, Mr G. D. Carter, the treasurer, told an interviewer that his estimates had :'all been upset and- miscarried,l-probably that wasbecause the people hadbecome so frugal that. they could-now live on nothing. (Laughter.) G. .D. Carter did not say it was because his Govern ment had starved the eountry A voice :.What about the Harbor Trust i " Mr Styles,-Now when Mr Richard son was interviewed he gave their deputation the receptionx of a lot of school boys. No matter who they \- were, they were entitled to respect. (Applause.) Mr Richardson could not sack their deputation. (Laughter.) Richardson was like the good little boy who chopped down the apple tree, for he said in the House he did not make knhownhis intention to sack 500 men. Either he was speaking truly, or else those newspaper fellows were wrong. (Laughter.) Richardson did nbt say he was going to call fortenders for making tarpaulins, but Mr Kent .called for them and yet Mr Richard son denied that he, the head, knew it was true. The.present Government were anxious to introduce an income tat last session, but substituted for it 4 tax on sugar and a primage duty to kill trade ; in fact they were prepared to do anything. (Laughter.) The Government say that there must still be, retrenchment. Though agreeing with the necessity he (Mr Styles) differed in its manner. He favored the proposal to reduce the number of members in the House to 60, and con sidered that £200 per annum was sufficient remuneration. With 60 members it would be possible to do with six Ministers instead of eight, and by cutting their salaries down • rom £1,500 per annum to £1,q00 a K- .recbsav?ap? tqo' the cou.ntry of >-:'125,000 per- annum wnuld be made in-Pailiament alone. (Applause.) The second step in his retrenchment scheme was the reduction of the Governor's salary to £35,000 per annum-(hear, hear)--and reducing the salaries of the !hief Justice and the five Supreme Court judges by £500 per year. (Hear, hear.) Another item that coiuld be easily cut down was the municipal subsidy, which amounted to -£310,000 per annum. The money was not expended in the right way, being distributed amongst municipal bodies which could do without it. He \- would' reduce the vote by £200,000 and distribute the £110,000 amongst -the particular districts where it was really required. By following this system of retrenchment a saving of £233,000 would be effected without interfering with a single man in the G- Government service except the judges. u:sPp.oiu-e hat about the .arbor Couhcillor Styles-It has gone bung. (Laughter.) He was" in favor of a raduiated incoie taa to touch all in semes over .200 per'annumb. This tax wioud.bring im £100,q00 per aunum. 'Aplause) An' absenztee tax which Iould not be felt, would swell the revenue to the-'xtent of £20,000 per ?prum, making a total o £l20o,000,. .1yta7,in; g thg qcimproved laid values estlircated'thit £25Q0,q-i-oulid he p pfle Who lad gqt the Iapd f'op next (0 hothing should pay. (Applause.) For example he would take the Chirn side estate. Forty years ago the family purchased their area at £1 per Sacre. *If the money had been invested in six per cent. debentures the family would have received 2 be .on every £1 so invested as the 'money would have been lying idle. Assuming that it was worth now £8 8s, then £5 would be" unearned increment which he proposed to tax. The chairman then announced thatE the candidate would answer questions, when the following were given - Q.-Do you favor a tax onkerosene. A.-That can go with the suear. Q.-When are you going to begin c your speech. I have not heard any thing original yet c A.-I am not going in for origin ality, but to get the country out of difficulty. Q.-Would you vote against a land tax if brought before the House I -A.-Certainly'not. t Q.-Would you do away with com pulsory vaccination 1 a A.-Yes, and would assist in get- v ting the law altered. a Q.-Are you in favor of one man: one vote? - A.-I pledge myself to support it. u Q.-How about a limit of £.0 for ii civil servants : I A.-I would let the question of re- t trenchment alone for the time being ; t if the top be touched it would affect ii also the base. . I Q.-?How about stopping increments tl to civil servants over £5 per week - ti A.-I would; not break a bargain b with any man. v Q.=Would you favor reducing state tl expenditure from seven '::to five (. millions I" :., " A: --No- J it can't be done without b touching the whole service. ' c Q'Now-about free payises1 (Yoices. t Answer that) ' A.--I would not be in favor of doing ti away with all free passes ; certain fc officers are entitled to them, but Ip would stop all outside- el Q.-Give us something about half- ti fare vouchers 7 Would you abolish ii them . A.-No (dissent.) si Q.-Is not the half-fare train the b best paying on the railways. I . A.-Yes; the carriages would be lying idle if it was stopped ; it cuts w both ways.: . Q.-Then if so outsiders inust pay; se in full. A.-Yes, (dissent.) ti Q.-Ouir educational system: is ex- p pensive ; Would you make those parents p pay who can . •p A.-I should first want to know Is what the 'questioner means by "able tl to pay." (Voices-Oh ! that's shuffling e( the question.) fa Q.-Do you then say youdon'tfavor I tI (The quiestion was not answered.) E Q.-Would you have the regulation te altered so. that there miight be free bl speech at elections 7 si A._-Yes. . .. Q.-Are those extremely high duties si in favor of the workingman I. A.-I am in favor. of intercolonial w free trade with protection against the bi world. In the meantlmelet the tariff ts be, and not tinker wvith it. as Q.--Women suffrage nowl (laughter cc and noise.) -. A-Yes ; I favor "one adult one tt vote." m Mr John Pennell.-Ah ! my Emma a will be glad of -that. Laughter and w dissenting cries. hb Q.-Eight Hours? A.-I - introduced it' into South th australia. er A voice.-You would not say that if s the other two were here. Interruption. at Q.-About a minimum rate I in A-Yes I support. it ; also the un referendum and courts of conciliation. Q.-I would like to ask the candidate of if heis in favor of sprinkling insecti- to cide around this room ? Laughter. at The chairman.-That is not a burn ing but an itching question. he A voice.-Its a scratch one,anyway. th Laughter. th A questioner then wanted to .argue o the minimum rate question, relative to th providing for the aged and infirm, to fo which the candidate replied 'that the C duty devolvedon thewhole community. S He also favored a State Bank of Issue. sl Q.-You have given us a lot of tl figures, can you tell us this,-If ten T Duke cigarettes cost threepence half- B penny,what would three cost 9 Roars. The -chairman then .declared the cl meeting closed. a, 