General News. Wesleyan District Synod. MEETINGS AT MARYBOROUGH. On Tuesday week a very considerable number of Wesleyan ministers and laymen journeyed to Maryborough to attend the sessions of the District Synod. At Gympie the travellers found that local hospitality had provided a substantial lunch for them. In the evening, after refreshments had been served in the School Hall, a sooial meeting was held in the Maryborough ohurob, under the presidency of the Rev. E. Youngman, the resident Wesleyan minister. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. A. J. Webb (President of the Conference), H. Pennington, R. Stewart, 9. Snell, T. Warham, and Mr. ~G. Williams. Musioal selections were rendered by the Misses Walker, Wiles, and Jones, and the Revs. J. Snell and E. Dyer. First Business Session. On Wednesday morning the business sessions of the Synod commenced, under the presidency of the Rev. A. J. Webb. The following ministers answered to their names:—o. Wiles, H. Youngfcan, E. Youngman, W. Dinning, W. Jeffries, J. G. Martin, C. A. J. Hutchison, R. Stewart, rH. Pennington, W/H. Harrißon, T. B. Holmes, T. Brassington, J. Snell, T. War ham, E. Dyer, T. R. Thurlwr, and H. H. Nolan. The Re* H. Youngma* gave the following notice of motion on Methsiut Union, —" This Distriot Synod records its grateful appreciation of the Bervicea rendered to the cause of Metho dist Union by the action of the General Con ference, and of the spirit in whioh suoh action had been interpreted in this and other colonies by the other Methodist Churches; it rejoices in the establishment of a Queensland Methodist Federal Council, and the steps already taken to promote fraternal goodwill among the churobea represented therein; and reoommends the conference to reappoint representatives to the council, who shall also act as a committee for the oonferenoe to obtain and tabulate information, and any other necessary data, for the discussion of the practicability of union in Queensland by the next September quarterly meetings and the ensuing Distriot Synods." The district general statistics, for the year were presented by the Secretary, as follow:— Churches, 71; seating, 10,510, being an increase of 4 churches; other preaohingplaces, 53; sohool buildings, 10; parsonages, 19; ministers, 2G; local preachers, 118; class leaders, 65; church members, 1157; on trial for membership, 87; junior members, 17; communicants, 279; attendants and ad herents, 13,175. The Sunday sohool secretary presented the following figures:—Scholars, 6543; teachers and officers, 654; in the Sunday sohool libraries, 1648 volumes; Bands of Hope, 41, with an enrolment of 3804 members. Property statistics were presented by the Rev. R. Stewart, as under; — Enlargements and repairß have been effected during the year at a cost of £357 19s. 2d.; current income in connec tion with the various properties has been £4453 16a. lid., and expenditure, £4881 3s. lid.; irMflnt debt on the properties, £22.701 4b. Bd. After a dieoussion on the property returns, it was resolved on the motion of the Rev. Hbhbt Yocnghan,—" That the oonferenoe be recom mended to authorise the issue of a revised property sohedule." Daring the previous year the various oireuits in the district raised for the Home Mission Fund the sum of £405 9s. 9d. t and for Foreign Mission work, £248 17s. Bd. The following resolution, bearing on the Connexional Fund, was passed on the motion of the Rev. H. Younoman :—" This District Synod calls the attention of the oonferenoe to the faot that in Eome instances a donation is made from the quarterly meeting to Con nexional Funds instead of collections being made in accordance with the rule of the oon ferenoe, and requests it to take the matter into its consideration," ** • The evening session opened with an earnest conversation on the state of the work of God, in whioh a good many took part. After the con versation the following resolution was adopted: —"This District Synod records its great gratitude to God for the general inorease now reported, and for the testimonies now heard of the gracious work experienced in several of the oirouits, it expresses its conviction that our most urgent need is intelligent, oonsoientious, and heartfelt devotion to Christ and His Churoh, nourished by prayer, Bible study, and the reoeption of the gift of the Holy Ghost; and it pledges itself to renewed personal consecration and effort to win men from the error of their ways, and to build them up in that holiness and righteousness of life in whioh God is best glorified, and His oause most effectually promoted." Grants were recommended to be made to the following circuits—West End, Pimpama, Enoggera, Roma, Pine River, Stanthorpe, and toe Home Mission stations. In view of special difficulties in various places, the following resolution was adopted,— 41 That this District Synod having been pain fully reminded of the severe struggles in whioh some cirouits and oonnexional institutions are involved by reason of enormous trust debts, reoommends to the conference the desirable ness of difeoting that a week of prayer and self-denial be held all throughout Queensland churches, in order that one of these trusts may be relieved in turn by the proceeds being voted to the reduotion of the principal debt." Thursday, Octobeb 25. On the motion of the Rev. H. Younoman, the following was adopted:—" This Distriot Synod deplores the apparently increasing spread of gambling through the community by means of the facilities still given for the oondaot of con sultations, sweeps, <fee, and regrets that means have not yet been adopted for dealing with the more public forms of this evil. It pledges itself to discourage and denounce gambling, however or for whatever purpose it may be carried on, and to actively support any move ment for its limitation or suppression." It was also resolved to recommend the forma tion of a Connexional Sunday School Union. After hearing an invitation from the Gympie Circuit, it was resolved to hold the next District Synod at Gympie, commencing on the third Tuesday in October, 1895. Friday, October 26. It having been reported that the Charters Towers circnit had sot fulfilled its obligation to pay £5 per quarter to the Roma oirouit, it was resolved' to send a telegram to the ohair man of the North distriot asking that inquiries be made. Ladixs 1 Auxiliary. In accordance with a notice of motion pre viously given, the Rev. H. Youngman moved the following resolution, —"This Distriot Synod expresses its cordial approval of the initiation of a Ladies' Auxiliary to the Home Mission Society, and recommends the con ference to encourage the movement by com mending .it to the sympathies of our Methodist women generally by urging the establishment of oirouit branohea wherever practicable, and by providing for its representation on the Homo Mission Com mittee." A rather animated debate followed on this snbjeot. Speaking to the motion, the Rev. H. Younoman said he was one of those who sympathised with giving the ladies a larger share in the management of come of our Churoh affairs than they have at the present. The motion was carried with only one dis sentient. "Young Mxn's Combined Gift. On the motion of the Rev. H. Youngman, it was resolved that, —"This Distriot Synod hears of the proposal on the part of the young men of our Church in Queens land to make a combined gift to the Con ference Memorial Fund with great satisfaction and pledges itself to forward the movement in the various cirouits, and recommends the con ference to favourably consider the feasibility of a Birthday League under their auspices or in connection with the Home Mission Society in the interests of the Loan Fund." Methodist Union. The question of Methodist Union was intro duced by the Rev. Henry Yoongmah moving the resolution of which he had given notice. Mr. Youngman said that he thought Methodist union would be, on the whole, and ultimately, a gain to Methodism. There might be a danger of hoping top much from this, as from some other things, and so of being disappointed when the' object should be realised. If attainable, this union must bo attained by con siderable labour and self-denial, borne by those in the Church to-day, while the ultimate gain would be to those who come twenty years henoe. It was a question of present sacrifice for ultimate gain. If thus brought about, the gain will be to Wesleyan Methodism, to the other Methodist bodies, and to the community generally. Publio opinion wa3 in favour of a concentration of Christian force. Union would help to conserve the results of their work as they were not conserved to-day. To no colony of tho Australian group was union more important than to Queensland. On the whole/ the other Methodist bodies had ao cepte'l the work of the last General Conference in aniadmirable spirit; and the Synod were now Asked to say if they were prepared to take suofar step 3, and pay such prioe, as may be neoeßsary to realise union, providing the other Otraroheß were also ready to proceed. Mr. M'Qill, of Ipswich, in resuming the debate, argued that union would involve the lowering of the standard of efficiency in the pulpit, and oreate muoh difficulty in Ohuroh courts. The Rev. A. Hutchison believed that union was not nearly as close as some folks thought, and he did not think that at this stage it was right to raise as bogies what might at some future time be real difficulties. The Rev. W. H. Harbison said that the united Ohuroh would be a new organisation, into which all the bodies must come, and ineffioienoy might come in from more than one direction, our own among the others. Mr. Rose, of Ip9wioh, had thought and read on the Bubjeot, but he did not yet believe in the marriage, and would forbid the banns. The Rev. R. Stbwaiit said that if the people worshipping in the various bodies should say by a unanimous, or by a 90 per oent vote, unite—then it must be done. He held that as different Churches they touohed different classes of minds, and he did not think union would add to their usefulness. The Rev. T. B. Holmes contended that the resolution did in some sense commit the Synod to union, and that at present they, had not sufficient data to justify such action. He moved a long amendment, and in doing so remarked that their people generally had not yet had opportunity of Bpeaking on the ques tion. Quarterly meetings did not represent the people of their Churches. He had a strong oonviotion that tb« people did not want union, and if it were brought about it would be at the cost of the Wesleyan Church. After Mr. Youngman's reply Mr. Holmtes's amendment was put and lost by 10 votes to 2G. Mr. Youngman's motion was then put and oarried by 26 votes to 11. A letter having been read from the Rev. A. Douglas, of Sandgate, a dispensation of absence was granted to him on grounds of distanoe and ill-health. On the motion of the Rsv. E. Younqman it was resolved that conference be recommended to issue a certificate of baptism, to be used by the ministers on all occasions of baptism. When the pastoral session met in the after noon it was reported that the Rev. T. B. Holmes had been invited to remain a fourth year in the Valley circuit, and that the Rev. E. Youngman had accepted an invitation to the Oympie oirouit. In the oase of the Revs. A. J. Webb and T. B. Holmes it was resolved that communications be opened up with the New South Wales Con ference, by which we may be informed as early as possible as to suitable exchanges in the stead of theße brethren. The Revs. J. O. Martin, W. Brown, J. Gee had travelled three years in their circuits, and were due for removal at the next conference. 