WIT AND HUMOR. GENERALITIES. Mrs. Worry (awaking ber lord)—" Charley get up. I think baby has the cronp." M'. Worrv—"Hadn't I better wait Ii 11 yr.u'ro sure ?" A little girl's father had a round bald epot. Kissing him at bedtime not long ago Fhe saiV "Stoop down, papa, dear. I wan", to kiss I' 0 place where the lining showB." " Brevity may be the soul of wit," muttered Svanky, sadly searching bis pockets in vain f ir the price of a butcher," "but I'll be blanked it I can see any fun in being short." A gentleman just returned to America from a tour in Europe was asked how he liked the r »ins of Pompeii. " Not very well," was his reply. " They are so dreadfully out of repair-:' Clara—" May I come to your wedding 1' Agatha—"I cannot promise you thct. M" parents are so enraged at my choice that I hardly know whether I shall be allowed to go there myeelf." * Ht—"Oh, I have a splendid story to (ell vou. I don't think I ever told it to you b fore." She—" Is it really a pood story ?' He-*-" Indeed it ia." She (wearilj)—" Then you haven't told it to me before." Mrs. Earls— " Your daughter has heen studving painting, 1 has she not V Mrs. Barby —" Y«js. Yon should see tome of tbe fuinpts she paints. You never saw anything like them." It does aggravate a man to think that *hile bis wife isn't afraid to tackle him and ncoriy tike his head off, she is madly terrorised by a ow that he can chase out of the garden at any tim<>. Miss Wagner—" Give me a nice Mg BMngn* sausage, Mr. Cutlets." Mr. Cutlers—'" Shall I send it home for yon 1' Mies Wagner—" Of», m; I'll jast take it along in my music roll." "There Is one thing I dread," remarked Johnson, "and that is a premature burial." Don's worry about that," replied Brown ; " the thing is impossible ; there's no danger of your being burled too soon." He—" I am rather in favor of the English than the American mode of spelling." She— "Yes?' He—"Y*s,indeed. Take • parlour,' for instance. Having «u' in it makes all the difference in the world." First Strayed Reveller—" Tell y' what, Bob, I'm 'fraid to go home. M' wife smell liquor on me, sure," Second Strayed Reveller— " Hold y'r breath." First Strayed Reveller— "Can't do It, Bob; can't do It. It's too strong." "Thomas must be doing splendid on the stage," remarked his mother ; " he writes me thatjhe appears every evening as a villager, a gipsy, and two kinds of soldiers—while Mr. Hamlet, the star, you know, performs only one part." Mr. Green (who has been listening to Mrs. Brown's account of a trip round tbe coaBt)— " And how did you like it, Mrs. Brown ?' Mrs. Biown—" Well, I didn't see much of the scenery, but the cibin was very comfortable, aid the stewardess a most sympathetic woman." Landlord—" Good morning. Mr ; fcepe you erjoyed a good night's rest, fir ?' Travellei— "Yes, thanks; pretty lair." Landlord— "Saw nothing oi the ghost that Is said to appear from time to time in tbe room you occupied ?" " Ah, yee ; I aid, though." Lindlord—"And bow did you get lidoftha I Itrader ?' Traveller—" I offered him a glass of your wine, when he vanished with a gesture of supreme disgust" 