5C The DawnMust Come. BY ARTHUK A CROOKE. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) " Tf," replied Alice, ** my manner of expiésáng ' myself is in . anyway ' different from that of other ladies, you are the first to have discovered it, at least no one before luú éwr4*M me of it, and I" myself was not aware of such *, difference, but T am afraid, Mr. Seymour, that I |lo not possess sufficient of that philosophical reasoning you ascribe to we, to enable on* to owe you * satisfactory jsxfAanation of fact, ] Unless it Is that I have it in part from «ayfather whois my only tuto«yand LB -of very studious habits, or perehar.ee la part wy *d«»as toay be peculiar from «y having so much time for inflection, v I sitfor tsursbere ta the garden with, «oJfcompi^io^ l^t«ldp|lótt*here, who, poor fdlow, though.: lio^òubt liaviag tiie mfa'oFH» Uwreake, -can only give we the results of his weditatioris fram the depths «f his « Your explanation is, I think, per fectly tatisfactoty/' said Seymour, "for . niuch^litsiSk is • «lose-obsèfwr of ' •• snd consequently, the «aiud becomes imbued •with speculations and abstruse thought, «i<d free from those narrow views that the constant -restraint oi polite society •wraps rosnd as, with itstiumworn plát«t«3es md empty si&all; tálk. 1 -Yon will €ttd Miss Tre&wtck;, when you mix •with the aristocracy^ especially of Australia, tibat the me£t forcible tmpressiop made «pan yon will be the fact, tbkt Hi tiie Search foe •culture of tbejj^teljL^t sis greatly neglected, and it is'very seldom that «n intelligent mind laeèts with a kindred-spirit." " Do you mean to infer by your r*mark,"-disked Alice, "that there are none who give any attention to learning further than will fit tiiem to enjoy the usual pleasures of society f " By no means," replied Seymour, -i! but I do say that the percentile of knowledge-seekers is very small, and that it is in very few circles .that a cultured mind would be satisfied after an evening spent among them, and I «an only account for the.fact by s^yinj; tliar file youth of 'this colony are allowed by their parents to waste their time in frivolous pleasures, (being guided without their,tastes and inclinations first) and instead of a profound education, receive only a superficial wbicb^is gtuierally. thought -^"«M» ^ * riM*'. W V fc* «' Yonr advice then is," remarked Alice, " that I had better pass tjie •remainder of niy days, in the quiet company iof my father and - Solon, if* I wièh -to preserve the little knowledge J , would not altogether advise that," he laughingly replie-i/ for you should not hide your ' light under a bushel ; itie more senkibility .yon-«ah »liro w into-society tbe greater do. jpn : benefit mankind. I liave come to the conclusion, viz.:—-That the. more we are thrown into society, the more 1 we " le-irn ííf othersinid tèás' bf ; ourselves, apj almost lose our own individuality iu the general stream of life" By this tirar they readied the house Irs «I tJi W ill vleaAfig® «or ^ Ms s- .after tea, remarked, "Your father lias no doubt spoken of me as an ^ n "tr li rT y j^fu' and at one time 1th ink 1 was, liát,.%ny young friend you will-some day find that the death of a dearly loved one is, even more than age, a greater < lian.se of character, and you will I it ipe forgive tne if I deprive myself of your company during your stay niorertljHn seems: polite, but. since my dear wife's "oeath 1 find most solace among my books and experiments, and the greatest distraction from the voi4 which ^notwithstanding my daughter's loving companionship), seeujs to haunt \- all Though the past dies, its ghost lives and it's, pleasures a tinge of melancholy regret Abatm&y; not altogether- be eradicated from the hearty" íiówevéf, ' lie con tinned in a moie cheerful tone, " my «secluded habits need riot deter you from enjoying your visit, so [ hand over to Alice my duties as host, therefore, look ; upon yourself, as under her care rather than mine," and wishing them " Goodnight I a : he slowly l--ft the room. Dulled indeed, oh studious parent; must your mind have been wrapped in its gentle melancholy, not to be pierced by the danger of leaving together, without reserve, two young persons with similar tastes and feelings, or had -you forgotten that the young Seymour was the Son and not the daughter of your old friend ? However thus it wa« that these two were thrown to gether, aqd in each other's company time glided on ; and as the hours went by, they drew up from the wells of <these two young hearts, feelings that i>pfore were strangers to them, feelings •that though the lips uttered not, yet, • -were spoken by the eyes, as they' too -often gazed. into -each . other's light. Bat. nothing warned the studious father ; and Solon in his wisdom saw . all and said nothing, but noted his approval by a kindly look, or bis expressive tail. It was not strange that two young persons possessing sensitive minds should gradually develops their friendship into love, for there was' no restraining influence. Unavoidably thrown continually in each other's company, exchanging their inmost thoughts, and roaming together through woodland scenery, romancf it was only natural nature should that the awaken romance the love of that tliair is j ever ready to spring forth at thé t gefltln touch of the wánd of affinity. | Henry's visit had now extended to j thrae weeks, and Alice had long since j found that for her, life had develop»^ more beauties, and things before unnoticed, became of absorbent iaterest «Iwn spoken of by the fluent tongue d Seymour. Strange to say t he more sure that Alice became of the young man's giowing lòve for her, the more she noticed that in her company, he became restless * and pre occupied iu manner. This made her anxious, but Henry assured her that lie was perfectly well, and that .it must have been ' her fancy that prompted her anxiety, after which there was silence between them for some few minutes which he broke with startling abruptness by saying, in an agitated manner, quite at variai.ee .with his usual mode, of expressing himself. 44 Alice, we have known each others but a few weeks, but it is long enough to find that I Love you with a fervour that ever appeals, me. I have fought against the feeling but it has overpowered me, I urn its slave. If you can return the love with equal strength Alice, be mine ! But if you have tlie slightest doubt, I implore vou. strange as it may seem, to refuse my suit." For reply, Alice quietly laid her head upon his shoulder, and murmur-d shyly, "lam yours.",. During that eveuing's meal, had Mr. Trenwick been more observunt a-nd less lost, in his ;®wn/ inflection, he would have noticed an animation upon the countenance of his daughter, which would have told him that something un ; usual had occurred ;. and he would have -been also astonished had "tin observed the unnatural paleness and disturbed dercipfujour of his generally placid guest • ha': even his daughter did not,Jn.h«*r own j-tyful mood, notice the troubled appearance of her lover, which be gradually bmrfght under contratas ttaMMMVping. wore away. After bidding his. newly betrothed "Good- night" Seymour hurriedly sought his room, and throwing himself upon his bed. gave away, to his pen tup feelings! ^'^©Stf*" he " Not content witJHvving. in » Fool's Paradise, I have dragged one of the purest«ouls into a misery, that will blast" it fro»» enjoyijaeiit for ever. Vfhy had I not strength of . mind to cast from me the delightful »l=»m<mr, her presence thew arqund tne ? Even now' it is not top late to sacrifice my future happiness so.lately Opened up to me, and save hpr.fmm a life-long wretchedness." Yet am I in time ? Oh! Swee| ^ret bitter tbbiigbt; 1 She • loves w! She lovra mel Oti'^d.rCku I give up .theípa-radisB #-liic1i tliis JEa'» - angel-offers to oie.-and fee content to return to . my lionie 'oncte more ' and» live an nnloveá life!" Aftd l so lie talked wildly on, now bitterly accus- ing himself ns the vilest of inen, now arguing with the usual sophisty, they use whose wishes . are paramount to their duty. " Would it be right he muttered/lb break-, her . heart,? t. She is mine. She íeonfessed so much. Mine alone. What 1 Are we both to live,out our allotted time' upon earth forever, miserable : because" of a few' words uttered liy a tuaii, the simple nctiòn, a ring placed upon a finge-!" Away the thought. , Gutl. would not have allowed; .us. meft and love, had we not been born for each other. No ! T cannot give ber up: 11 1 will not. I will more thaw- repay the- injury J inflict upon her by my great love.. I>f»t. Florence Seymour be my wife in the eyes of the world. Alice was toiine from the beginning: of the Creation." Though Seymour had made up his mind what course to pursue, morning still found his absorbed in better reflection, and the beams of the rising sun; as the m»n sat' gazing abstractedly from' his ' "window, lighted up a face over which seemed to have passed a terrible storm of, conflicting emotions, leaving it wild àud haggard in its course. L-t us wow inrn to Alice, w?to aftej , ireaching her. room, kfieit by her ijr.qside to DOUi- out; iter f. \ hfp, Slaker ; as was her, usu«^ custom» •li'ow"she 'Sits by "the. npéa Jl! wi : «do*í- i »bd | dreamily gaz^s into starlit night, her own soul »s brightly illumined with pure and' hallowed thoughts as the glittering canopy oVrhead. • A smile lingers upon her lips "iuid -happiness drives, gleep foTtl» to seek s'i>-lter with the birde upon the trees near by, for the mind of \lice- winders in a fairyland of beautiful promise, Drink in happiness while it ' is thine, oh ! maiden. Let the present joy instil into thy mind glory of which thy future may partake, for when coming events appear before the dark curtain now conceding them, who can say how full of bitterness they may load the coming years of thy life? * say,—Drink diy fill of liapputes^, for a dark cloud rises in the horizon with the coming dawn. Remember, that we may mount the sunbeam of present joy, only to be plunged by the hideous spectre of the past, into the hidden miseries of the future. Ay ! what was to nome was alike an enigma to the labourious student then pouring over the philosophy of the ancients, to the weary man then tasting òf bitter thoughts 4 of the maiden foil of joy, and to Solon, the most philosophical of all, who lazily rose and greeted »he rising sun with a cavenious yawn. Early as Seymour quitted his room Alice was in the garden ready to greet him- with a loving soiil**, and beneath that smile, the last thought of feeliug his doom thawed from his mind, and the young mat: felt more than ever how impossible it would to gain any happiness iu life separat \« from her. " Dearest Henry," asked Alice, anxiously upon noting his haggard features, " Are you unwell? You appear as if you had not slept last night." " 1 am well enough rnv sweet one," be replied, *' though I had not much sleep for thoughts of you, like sentinels, kept slumber from tny brain and would not permit tny lids to close, but I need not ask you, Alice, how you feel, your cheeks almost shame your seate sunrise." Is U not lovely f she said. Can you wonder that, everything iti the country glows with healthy beauty, and that beneath the influence of such air as this,, the heart feels bright and freef (To be Continued.) 