THE SINGLE TAX. (By oun Sydney Correspondent.) For some .time past wo Ijave oeen oravely assured that the sing o tax is d a l that it is only advocated by a few Ed sts whoso numbers are becoming nmler every day and much more ii„ „™.,ratc nnd to the purpose. I nm not a single taxer myself, UU '™L idea of the single lax embodies a gicat truth which no civilised fetato can long continue to neglect with impunity. lo allow tho unearned increment in tho vnlneofland to be monopolized by in dividuals is to set a premium on astute ness and cunning atd to penalise in dustry nnd enterprise. It foregoes the revenue which is produced, and renders it neccssary to levy revenue by taxes which hamper production and commeice. Tho fund which the activities and enterprise of tho people of Now South Wales hm'e created— that fund winch is . t vnuifl ft T measured by nil Ihe lands of tho colony as distinct from the value of the improvements on them —is for the most part being spent by absentees in other countries. To supp y ,he want of it the colony has hat to borrow at an interest charge which doubles i he cost of our leans and consti tutes a seveie drain on the resources of the country. All t'.is tl.o advo. n-o, of tho single tux have taught me, and if I .nil f„il t,n see that a tax on the position value or unimproved value of land should under all circumstances be the only tax it is not from any want , of loyalty to that great ccntral principle of honesty — to each his own and to the State its own. To every man ^ tfap fruit of his own labor and to the State col lectively the fruit of its collective labors. . T Apologising for this digression, I wish to observe that tli's 'dead cause is still so formidable that the landowners of the colony have found it necessary to form aleftfiuo to ?ount»rnct its tpaohing'. Possibly they are afraid of its ghost. If slandrrand misrepresentation could have killed it, it would havo *»'en dead long aR0, But cither it or its wraith is so much in pvidence that the people who do us the honor to ' own ' the laud we ' c„,i nnpi.sonrv to hand tonether for the expre-s purpose of killing it over again. However, whether the single tax re presents a dead cause or a living one, I think that nearly all classes^ are agreed that it is a shameful injustice that of all claws in the colony the speculative and noiHtnprovin' landowners should escapB t, '.nation altogether. -lhcy are the most powerful class in the com munity, which sufficiently accounts for their immunity from taxation. But they are also the most useless class. Nay, they are worse than useless, becuusc , they neither use their land thcmselfps, nor permit any one else to use it except on ruinous terras. There is not a city or town in the colony that is not hemmed in by their possessions. And it is equally true that there is not a city or town which would not immediately feel n m i ft h t v imnptnR if. ft r, imnnst on the unearned increment, the holding of un productive land for a rise in price .rveie rendered pecuniarily unprofitable. ' The land to those who use it' is (he kpynote of material prospmiiy. In New South Wales we say in effect : 'The land to those who hold it out of use!' Consequently the unemployed land mocks the unemployed people, and those 'owners' -vho u side amongst us are asked to give in charity to tho desti tute what tliey should hare given— or rather an infinitesimal fraction of what they should have siren — to the State as its right. If the State had collected the' revenue of its own creation, the expendi ture of that revenue would have ren dered destitution impossible except among the inveteratrly idle and thrift less anrl thf'Rfl p.lnKips rnn np.vpr Up insured against tho inevitable conse quences of thoir own vices. It has allowed itself to be robbed of the wraith of its own creation. That wealth is helping to make things ' hum ' in London and Paris. It is enabling a Email and idle class of propertied persons to stand callously by whilst the rest of the community suffers all the miseries of depression for the want of it. No wonder the landowners huddle together like frightened sheep now that these things are being brought into dis cussion. ' The rights of property aro in question,' thev cry. Spoliation is rampant.' Spoliation never gave tbem any uneasiness as long as they were allowed unquestioningly to despoil the State. The rights of property norer gave them a qualm so long as they were allowed without demur , to appropriate toe increment of value which was created by the State. Their idea of property ' is the right of appropriating other people's property. — the property, 'tat is to say, of the community which created it. ' Even now their unearned gains tvre 85 yet untouched. Not |a farthing in 'ms ^een 'ovie(l upon them. .1 that has been done lias been done in tho way 0f subjecting their gains to examination and discussion. Will thoir huddling together save them 1 Will the oust of misrepresentation in which they omcure the main issue save them 1 I 'will leave the historian of the future to answer. TW i ? ,1 ... — ». km uereuiu mat tney can only ba saved from what they fear nJ?iV08t-oJ keePinS the rest of tho P pulation in the miseries which they at present experiencing, and I doubt ymuch whether they will be willing » experience them much 1™™ This ,s a caso in which justice as well i?„8 ?ow« « on the side of ad tictics nf M,rm' The most effective Mthprf l * ^ monoP°lists have U fo'ncI in silence. They aicumo i ' t'^ir position by JTV' vhetoric- bub tll6y havo directions e?ecl Nation in other trademomi C'S no'oriou3 that free I0r :nst of the Legislative Council, :t D r. V°ted for P''*ection be S tav y 'IT if tbey rejected it a o I0IJ l0W- Thoir establish advl; nr ,3,adi5tinot steP in foronj out Jnf s !0ws tlufc th°y are being f b' i. nt°t,'f open, that the subter to sh:-k they have been enabled thoir fair share of the taxation in tho past aro' failing them, and that thoy aro at last compelled to make somo attempt to justify thoir position. They are brought to the bar of publio opinion nnd find themselves compelled to plead. Tho more thoroughly their case is sot forth tho more untenable it will bo soon to be, and tho more promptly will judgment be entered against them. 