WIGftS AND 1. A SNAKE YARN. By ." Spook." Waggs is a most peculiar chap, I am not, but nevertheless "Waggs is my chum, and I am his " guide, philosopher, and friend," and in that capacity I am of great service to him, because the''eccentricities of Waggs are so many and varied that he requires a common-sense and strong-willed person like myself lo administer friendly counsel wheu necessaiy—and many are the times when it is so—consequently I accompany Waggs about a good deal when opportunity admits, my presence beiDg also necessary to swear to his sanity when called upon, and this, too, I have had to do several times. You will gather, therefore, that Waggs is rather an extraordinary kind of a " coon." " Spook, I have an idea," said Waggs suddenly to rue, at dinner time on Saturday. " Ideas don't count for much this ivarm weather," I replied. " Have you anythingmore substantial, because I'm dry—very dry ? " '' Yes," he replied, " that's chronic; but hold on till you digest my idea. Things have been rather slow with us latrly, and I think we ought to go in for a little adventure, to rouse our selves up. This," he continued, "is the season for snake yarns, so 1 pro is said to be the ' happy hunting ground ' of the reptiles. If we c; only get an interview with some goodsized specimens we might be able to produce a pretty sensational yarn." " Supposing we should get bitten?' 1 queried. " Oil, of course you have an objection," he replied. " You have an objection to nearly everything I propose." " Your proposals are generally so eccentric,"! said, "and 1 certainly have an objection to being bitten by snakes—things which 1 loathe more than any other inhabitant of the animal kingdom." "All the more reason that you should assist me to kill them," he replied. " And just to pleas,- you, iu case, we do get bitten, we'll take an antidote with us." I eventually agreed, and we decided to start at once. Waggs said that we would call at a chemist's—a particulai friend of liis—on the way to tin: station, ami obtain a bottle of powerful antidote, so bidding onr landlady an affectionate "good-bye," ive started '' Here we are," said Waggs, pausing at the entrance of a large building. " My friend, l.lic chemist, has never taken holy nrders, but lie has every right to be called a P He has, however, faki-n a good many orders of another kind, I nit lie's tired of it now, and keeps an assistant." On entering I found the assistant to be a lady, .:nd wondered whether the chemist or the assistant wms the must particular friend of Waggs. I judged that the t iiiies and other medicines thai, chemist dispensed must lie all right, from the way people were putting tliem down, mid lingering lovingly over them. 1 don't like to make rash statements, but 1. don't believe I saw a single grimace amongst some half dozen who were taking ibeir physic, and indeed I heard orders given to " repeat the dose," several times. " Hottle of 3-slar," said Waggs to the assistant, with the air of a. man who knows what, he's ordering, and intends to get it. " Will yen drink it now, or shall I send it round P " queried the Hebe. "Oh, it doesn't matter," answered Waggs condescendingly, " We'll take this with us, and try a sample out of another bottle ; my friend here isn't very well." Cunning chap, Waggs, " Rather a large bottle, isn't it, Waggs 1" said I; " considering it is such a powerful antidote." "We may get rather large bites," he answered, with a wink at the Hebe. Knowing chap, Waggs 1 We next procured two note books and a chaiu tape measure, to take notes of, and measure the r-ptiles, whom we expected to vanquish in deadly combat, and last, but not least, we furnished ourselves with a corkscrew and glass—two things no tourist should be without, always providing, of course, that there are sufficient reasons for expecting a use fir them. In due time we arrived at I! isliville, and at once beaded for the mo6i bushy and least frequented spot. On the way we met several country people, who gazed at us with curious smiles. " Spook,'' said Waggs, - is there any thing queer about my appearance ? —everyone seems to oe grinning at We examined each other carefully we were " O.K. uj to date." "They little know the dangerous and philanthropic object of our mission to these wilds." said my companion solemnly. " or fchey d treat-.-jis, with more respect and admiration '• Spook.' lie continued.; - I intend to' take allr.-the .specimens'We-icapture; -alive oi dead back -with me, so ns -to make a thoi oug~h and exhausti e diagnosis, by winch mankind and who knows—perhaps womankind may be benefited: and ;S0 that nnsophisti cated townspeople, who will come picnicing in -tbe.se rustic glades during the coming 1 .holidays, may know; "exactly wliat .class of snaTies. to wels come them . &nS-;,allow to caress: and: fondle them-^and iaite em, •• Thenthe extra supply of spirit in tliat-' bottle is co preset \p the Sly® peci : mens jn? 1- inteii-ppled Ah-— -well—I diin t think of it l e aictfy; that nay 1 lie anaweied ^IovIyj hut TveJH see That jemtnd me, 1 lie continued is if stiuck by a sudaeu recollection " we Jin en t ampied that^ antidote yet, and I Uvay like to taste a poison befqi c I-fa y it "We'tasted'aiid four fl it fci T factory " As I fras siymg ; ent on | Waggg, inoie -eloquently tin iHipf-oi e "1 uhall'publish an ;£bte ~ii'i»nii-> tic ti< lOso 0'i ' "J(3 «hpn pccuJi « l intifs * uid a M Jiiuit l-.-; to., rt Tvith fnll nsti notions fffl Sffitioffiasd r nc of the <.ime It =1 aj be learned, yet simple 'so'-t.hat;e\jen£g)-- child—01 'pei laps yon, my Sppok- lwilljea^y n^UmLifr^. My^ ilT-oHc shall^-cipwned >th success ^jd ^MUi^made&igldejit; f%c ^essaSagfeEseSi WMOISK,' * •ceivK; a bron/c inuj il- xTl Tjr-o/gs ^o^i&^i^ibbtS^iiMmgir •tiokenjofo. n ^ etf S> fc S t f - grateful public's -appreciation of—of —my labors in improving science anil the grinds of my fellow meu. Tliose foreign micrpbe.Jiuntcrs won't be ";' a ciiicMmstance' to me. But what's a puny microbe compared to a boa constrictor, a carpet or black snake or a gigantic cobra-de-soinething or other 'r" he said contemptuously. "Or even a lizard, so far as size goes," I interrupted. " Spook," continued Waggs, ignoring my remark, " I expect. I'll make more money out of my book than I'll know what to do with', so 1 think I'll retain you at a liberal salary to help me to spend it. Of course I shall buy -,i mansion, and you must come and li\e with me, Spook, and we'll engag'- pur good old landlady as housi heepeiy.liave all sorts of good tilings to eat and drink—All! that reminds me," said he, stopping suddenly. " Spook, pass the antidote." I passed it, and he filled the glass three parts full. " Waggs," I exclaimed, in alarm, "if you drink poison like that, you'll kill yourself before the snakes have he replied. " That's what I'm guarding against. 1 have beard it said that if a man takes a certain amount of poisou, it kills him, but that there is safety iu an overdose, .so I prefer to err ou the right side. Have some ?" myself forbade me refusing. We pusln.il on, ami presently entered the. scrub and undergrowth. We didn't seem quite so full of spirits then as when, we started, although, perhaps, ill reality, we were more so. Wc grew silent, and were evidently deep in thought. We had come out snake hunting, so that it appeared strange, perhaps, how we dodged suspiciouslooking pieces of bar!,-, clumps of grass, etc., and gave hollow l^gs a wide berth ; how we jumped and looked quickly around us when we trod on and cracked small sticks We. stopped and gazed at Ouch other simultaneously. "Spook," said Waggs, " I think your nerves are rather unstrung. We diiln'i quite realise (he danger of oui aiissr-m. We need a stimulant 1 couldn't, conscientiously find it in mc to disagree with him, so v stimulated, and moved onward with rrnc«ed courage and stout sticks. Ii i few minutes, a small diversion ap pot red, )'" the shape of a team of bullocks, in charge of a. driver wh •;rackcil his whip furiously, and martc t.ln- soilness of the worlds i ing with many choice quotations from foreign lullioi-s, such as, in all out classical studies, we had never met with before Wai/g.s trii-d to take them down in slii I - : h;ind, but he used up all tli phonetic signs he knew without adequately doing so, and broke his pencil several times iu the attempt, so lie gave it up in di.--gu.st. Tin exertion seemed too mncli for him and he said he would so like a lemon ade—he would give anything for it — of course, because he knew it was impossible to olii >!n such u. cordial. That is his way. lie generally does long for such things when he knows or hopes there i.-r'i a possible chance o£ gel ting llu-m. I looked with apprehension at I lie antidote, which was slowly but surely diminishing, and thought- thai, the supply would be in.'-ullieieut the way things were goinjj;, so proposed a camp under a shady tree. We accordingly camped, and decided that it would be better to allow the reptiles to take the initiatory step iu interviewing " This may not he their day at home," said Wagg's, " and I've heard that l hey nhjocl. to visitors disturbing them wheu it" is not so." We irot. everything in readiness, however — sharpened our pencils, produced our note books, laid the tape measure and antidote side by side on the ground. " Hist," said Waggs, suddenly, half rising, and pointing with his pencil to an open space about six yards before us, and over which the bullock team had passed. I looked, without moving', and there, sure enough, was a big specimeu of the black species coiled up and apparently asleep. " Spook," said Waggs, " this is a trying moment: let us antidote ourselves now, in case we get bitten —there are sure to be others about— mid wo may be t,-.o excited to think of it (lien. Careful chap. \Vaggs. We did so. and also placed our sticks ill readiness. Wait til! he wakes up.' advised my companion. >• he will be iu a better Ii Uiijoi rui ii,y puryose. Great Scott! what a whopper." he continued. •" ami hang me if he isn t growing while he sleeps. If he keeps on at that rate, our chain measure won't be loug- 8ucra»;irm-'mra>m Coasar's - ghost!, if there. .isis:t two !' three! -fons.lsi®-!. -:iWhy.-- h&"5SffstS •-.be ja kingi-of Ins. tribe, -and those ai'e ! .-hisiiittenclante.. • And they're ivaking ,up. Write,-...write .1. and pass the antidote quick. I,m going' co approach •teem,'- liesexcteiniecl? 'excitedly,- -with-' -out liiovijjg^ Ins rfize T admit I' eould see several moving along m a combined pocnook-sifce procession but not so many as "Waggs indicated, Jle.hurmedly swallowed: ; the ppi^onj and wplomng jffs to take m note of .ever? ..mpycjn.entj..,, 43- J^e must not 1 ke ins 7e otf the cliiLttjLed .-stack,- tftijd moved toward?-tliea reptiles 1 fiiiiiddsrecj, and would h ic tli oa i ?o\\\n note iioo]i and? i-iuicil nd^jnet li a ^ tanceliad? I not it ih it toonseni een a s> tance cQjmnghom t, otV lid unexpected quaitci It -n is the iullocL dc vers bsfo've me itKni^d -who -walked de fi libei atejy-up te the nake and iv.a al out to pick up jibe J tj-c fc when W^gg sliouteaViai^^hile 1 he nouj" IisS.jliis stick— I«)ok mi Jou iool' You 111 aj§ n in 1 W ' til 3 iu" 1 dven =-6f |ni at tlife „s'am tmje Hiding dowirsdiisiMaetessMtJii tremendous JiOcimi t "« uonsly- o s; rt Wa^g^ to act as a mediator. As I proceeded to do sov the.:stf&nggV;!la,id; ^faggs, out with a uiighty blow,--and tackled me, shouting a^" lve : did' %o—" Ye- pair, of villains. !, :stop., me^fro.m 'picking my own lash that I-.-bouglii/and paid for, would ye ? ' I'll- teae.h yer to interfere with an honest tiian'. l,: 'He did'so so effectually,' that. I liave only a diin : remembrance of ;seeing - a" inultiiude of stars, somewhat bigger than those depicted pH'tela'M' ot the antidote bottle, and then all. was chaos. In that brief, interval of uncon,scitiusiiess I had horrid dreams, of snakes winding themselves round - and round my leg's, while I was powerless to do anything. Horror! One great reptile was sticking its poisoned fangs into the fleshy part of my calf. Then I awoke with' a start, and found Waggs bending: over me. He had tied his' handkerchief tightly around my leg, below the knee, and was making a deep incision with his lenife around a bruise on the said leg, from which the blood was flowing copiously. " Spooksh, dear bo3 r sb, you've been hitten, and I'm trying to save yer lifesh, old chap," he remarked, with with anger, " are you mad or drunk, or both Y Don't you remember how that bally oxen conductor played skittles with us because you wouldn't let him pick up the lash of bis bullock whin, which y.pu-.th.oija'lj^-.w^.a.snake ? -^-oin 1= wnat i got through trying to assist you. Waggs, I dou't, know what you'll lead me into yet," I concluded hoarsely. Waggs was ' ""lv ^o'-nwful, as he explained that -.viiei! I. • returned to conseiousnes- lie u*.. n > recollectiou of what liaii !. ip. c. He said he thought, that I lv>! cleared oat from our lodgings, that iic had pursued and found me in my present position, and concluded that I had been overpowered Ijy reptiles. "Seems to me, Waggs," 1 said "that it was rather unnecessary to come to the country to see snakes." " Nice-sh place-sh, country," he re plied, " but I hate snake-sli—snake-sh and (lie-sh —spesh'ly blow-flie-sh Where-sh antidote." I thought he'd had enough already T , aud hastened to prevent liini having more. My precaution was needless. The bottle was as empty as the town's treasury—the deadest of dead marines. "The 'oxen conductor,'" I remarked. He was evidently dry •when he finished with us, aud judged rightly that you had taken enough, Waggs." Waggs didn't appear to see it in that lielit, however, and he spent the next five minutes 111 expressing deep and tender regret at the disap pearance of our late visitor—and the last of the antidote. " Must- write epitaph," said my companion, as he scribbled rather irregularly 011 a piece of paper, the quotation .- " The last to sig'ht—to memory dear." Aud tied it around the empty bottle, and a pair of laughiug jackasses iu a tree above us chanted a funeral hymn. Waggs looked around wonderiugiy at the noise. " Wlio-sh your fi-ieud-sb, Spook," queried lie;' friend-sh. Wlio-sh they laughin' at. Shouldn't laugii such solemn 'casion shish." " They are evidently jeering me on my choice of company," I replied, iu a sarcastic tone. " Waggs," I continued, with annoyance, "you've made a beast of yourself, and I've had enough of this little farce; let us go home." " Home-sh never like shish. We must study nature. Nature on her sequestered haunches. Spook-sh you've been drinking. Mush give you chloride of gold—how'll you have it sovereign-sh or half-sovereign-sh ? " fie continued in this strain for some time as we proceeded slowly on our return journey to the station. The diiver of a milk cart going the same way kindly took us up, also gave us a "refresher" from the silver can, which revived us—specially Waggs— considerably. We reached home in due time, but it seemfed strange that >ve preferred the dark side of Puckle Street ou the way to our lodgings. It was only about 9 p.m., but we went silently upstairs to bed—tired with the day's exertions and excitement. Waggs, next morning, disclaimed all knowledge of the previous day's adventure -said he had no notes nu -f.he subject, and that I must have heen dreaming, but then.-like himself, his memory is vervi-peeuliar. 