A HAUNTED BRIDE. Br JAMES McGOVAN, Author of.'-'Brought to Bay," "Hunted . • Down," •'•'Strange- Clues," ■ "Traced and Tracked,'" "Solved Mysteries," &c.; • A man with a firm set month, a clear grey eye, and a face expressive of great determina tion and energy asked for me one day at the Ceptral, and patiently waited for more than an hour till I appeared. He did not look much over 30, but there was a' wrinkle, between tire eyebrows which told plainly that he was in veryserionB tronble. As he seemed, to.J»e a married mail, I rashly concluded that his wife had ran away, bus bis first words correoted that mistake. : "I was' tsohavebeen married this week to* Mrs. "Davidson,' *a ;widow, living down, at Comely Bank, but, a .low hawker who tells, fortunes has blown - np her head with some1 story about me, and now she' has thrown me over and will not see me or explain, except to eay that she can never marry me. Now fortune- telling, I believe, is.against the law, so I want you to take that vile hag- and give her the heaviest punishment the law will allow." That was his case in a nutshell, but unfortu nately' the ' Offence had not been committed against him, bo I saw.that T should have to let htm down as gently as possible. • " You want revenge, I suppose, for the loss of your bride ?" I quietly remarked, after thinking over the matter.for a little. " No, not revenge exactly, bnt I want that fortune-teller .removed—putt out of the way— ehuttup in prison; for I've a feeling that ahe is all that stands between me and a good wife. •*. Mrs. Davidson is'young and a soft-hearted creature, and I: feel snre I could win her back if this bag' were only shut off from her. At first I . thought of. letting her have her own way and giving-her np. but then l found that I had got to like'her too well, and, then, there is my two young' bairns, with no one to look after them. I'm m'business as a tailor and olothier dovrain : Stookbridge-rvyon- may have seen the name, Mo Andrew—and I've to work hard all day myself, so I-must have a wife to look after my house'and bairns," " You could raise an action for breach of promise," I suggested. . "And get well laughed at?" he warmly j answered. ■-• "Oh, no 1 I've nothing against Mrs.' -Davidson—in fact, I moat marry ner or nobody.- Very foolish, no doubt, that seems to. you, but I can't help my feelings. The only bar in. the way. is that beastly hawker, and I ' suppose yon oan remove ber." ..... | "Well, I don't know," I very gravely re turned, " Have yon any proof than she told fortunes and received money for it ?" "I have no direct proof, but I have no donbt she did;it.. I could not understand what, was wrong till the servant girl throw oat an oar "and told me about the hawker's visits. She began with the-servant and ended with the mistress," " " ' "Did she take money from the servant ?' : "Oh, no; Bhe was too conning for that. She told her fortune first, saying to the girl she .' could make her a present after if. she liked. The girl gave her sixpence.". ■ And- whab.did she Bay to the mistress f' . "I can't find that out. She came and went several times and was always locked np with .Mrs. Davidson in., her own room, but the result was that I Was oast off." " What could she have said to bring about •tbafrresult?" . ' ' "Oh, anything that would pay her beat, I' .suppose—p'r'aps that the planets were against; thejmarriage. They will, say anything, these wretches, to get money. She must be a clever jade, though, for the lassie declared that she; told her things in her own life that were known: 'only to herself;" ' ■ •" " Did yon get her name?" ~ " She Said, her name was Morella Heme, . and that she oomes of a long line of fortune tellers. She is a tall dark woman, abont 40, . with jet black hair, and I suspect her basket and her hawker's lioense are only a blind, and she makes all her money by fortune-telling." : I smiled out at the name and hastened to say-— Oh, if it's Morey Heme I'm afraid you'll never catoh her tripping. She is one of the mott Cunning women breathing, and will twist and torn and wriggle and glide, and lie through abrick waLL I've had a few tussles with her, and I assure you I always got worsted." . " But yon can arrest her, surely, on my •charge?" Mo Andrew 'said raAer ruefully. ;. "I'm afraid not. Yon see the Offence-is not proved;. The girl, gave her sixpence as a,pre sent, and yon know nothing of what took place between Morey and the widow." ■ "Yon need direct evidence?" "Yes." • " Then, by gum, you shadl have it. Til get the jade to tell my fortune for money and tben have her arrested by you. All's fair in love and war and if.'I can only get her into gaol for a month I could win my wife and defy her." . . , ■t 1 laughed' outright—he thought at his '.energy, but really at the ,idsa of . him. getting ahead of MoreyHerne. He departed, how -!evet, quite sure of his power and a day or two later came back to report the result. Morey had been in the habit of calling occasionally at his workshop, to tell needles to his men .and on ' one of theseoccasions Mo Andrew came in.upon her in the act of telling one of the men a deal of his past life. "Til give you half a crown," he said to her rather precipitately, "if you tell me my fortune." There .is- nothing -which those gipsy .oreatmres are smarter at than reading the mind through the face and 1 have not the slightest doubt that Morey read his inten tions there as dearly as if he had warned her : aloud. " I'm not allowed to take money for fortune telling," she very cunningly replied, "butI'll tell you all you want to know for nothing. '.You'vehad a great disappointment and you "think your heart will break under it, but there's a young maiden in store for yon who will chase all the clouds from your life. She will bring yen money and much happiness. She is a fair-girl, with bine eyes, and not above ,21, and she loves you to distraction. Don't alight her or an evil fate will be yours." , MoAndrew started and paled, for the ■description seemed to - fit with remarkable .accursoy a young girl of his own apqnaintanoa, and the cause of his excitement was a flashing ■ thought that perhaps that was_ the secret of . Morey working to sunder him and Mrs. Davidson. In this suspicion he was entirely • mistaken, but it is curious that the woman should have thus hit upon something so near the trnth. "You're wrong this time," he remarked when he had recovered his breath. "I know a young woman like that, bnt I'll never marry ' her." ,' . " Time will tell," said Morey with a wicked gleam of her teeth and eyes. She only laughed '.at his offer of half-a-orown and went off, leav ing him painfully conscious that Bhe had been too acute for him. He bad therefore to report his failure and at the same time humbly asked for my advice. Well, you had batter give up Morey for the present—she is too old a bird to be caught by chaff," I said after a little thought. "You must have a talk with Mrs. Davidson, and get at the secret of her aversion." ' It's no use ; I can't get near her." ' Tuts! you are a man, and man is so con structed that he can break through every fence which a woman can put about her,it he be desperately in love with her." "Well, that's just my oase^'he dolefully admitted. "But I've tried bard to gather to speak to me, but failed." "Then try again." He went away, rather more hopeful and tried desperately hard, and at last did surprise the. young widow into a conversation with him, and then he got at some curious facts, whioh I may set down in their proper order. The first visit of Moreila had been with the ostensible purpose of Bhowing Mrs. Davidson some lace, but she had no Booner found herself alone with the widow than Bhe fixed her big black eyes on her face and said, in the usual jargon— "I could tell you something you would like to know—past, present, and future.". .Mrs. Davidson was rather soft,' but not more superstitious than her neighbors, but her curiosity was roused and she thought it would be good fun to hear what the woman would say, so she answered— "I don't believe you o&n;—but say away." "Well, you've had one husband, butt you did not keep bim long and you'll soon have another—at least the stars are pointing that way, but there's a cloud over them and it may mean good or it may mean evil. If you cross my hand with gold I may be able, to see through it and tell you. Your whole future depends on it." It is not easy, looking at the position coolly, to understand how the young widow was so pliant as to give Morey half a sovereign, but the hawker had a strange, electrifying manner, and I sometimes thought fascinated her viotims much as a serpent doea a bird. ; The resnlt of the crossing of her hand was the strange advice that the young widow, should make Buve of her future by consulting her first husband. . , , Consult him! Why, he's dead!',' she ex claimed in lively horror. "Yes, but bis spirit hovers over you, watch ing over "your welfare," said this blasphemous wretch. "If you can lend me any chain or gold "watch that belonged to "him, and the Bible he need most, and a silver or gold pin, I could easily get him to deolare whether ypu should marry this man' or not. '- If "the charm lies under the stars for three days and nights and nothing appears.to 'yon 'yjbu may inarry this man in perfect trust and confidence." 1 " What—what do ■ you mean by • nothing appearing!" tremblingly answered her dupe, with the marrow almost freezing in her veins. "'Just that if he should be displeased he will appear to you in some form at midnight on the third night'after the oharm.is set; but that is not likely. Even if he should appear his wrath might be appeased. " Then I'll have nobhing to do with it," aaid the .widow very docidedly on the: principle that it is best to let sleeping dogs lie. "I.don't want any ghosts ooming about me and I don't see that he has any right to dictate to me what kind of husband I'm to take. I'm nothing to him now." .. "That's where you're mistaken—you're everything to him; but he's only watohing over you for your good and has no' control over your aotions," said the wily hawker; "He knows whether your marriage will be a happy one, "bub"he has no ■ power to. prevent you marrying this man if you're determined to do it." ■ ; .... "I'm.not. determined, bnt J promised to marry him and a body is supposed to keep a promise of that kind," said the widow, feeling in her heart that she wanted" very much to keep that- promise; bat Morey. very1 soon con vinced her that it was of deadly .importance that 8be should make sure of her f uture and in the end departed carrying with';, her a gold chain and a Boarfpin which had. belonged to the late Mr. Davidson. She also carried away a Bible, bnt I doubt if she prized that so much as the "articles of gold." There was a dis tinct understanding that these articles were only lent to the hawker to work the charm and we're to be returned at the end of the three days, bnt when that time had elapsed Morey returnedrbearing tbe Bible alone and saying that. the other articles had mysteriously vanished, which she took for a bad omen. ■'Sit up till midnight and keep npyohr bed room blind," she advised in conclusion,"and if yon see anything be sure it is a sign that you're to have no more to do with McAn drew." ' :■ ' - Mrs. Davidson was still sceptical, but she rigidly followed the directions and had the horror of seeing a grey shadowy figure pass slowly along the green in front of her bed room window. It was not the mere figure whiobfroze her to the maxrow, but the unearthly appearance of the form. It looked like a mere mass of grey cloud shaped like , a ' man'and seemed to "float" along the ground in the ap proved ghostly-style. -Mrs. Davidson nearly fainted at the sight, but had a glimmer of reason left to .suggest, to her that her husband had" "orined in" somewhat*:, sinee his. death— in a word,'he wasscarcelyso ball as a spirit as he had been as a living able-bodied ooal merchant. Still the fact that he- had been charmed out of the land of spirits by the gold articles and the old Bible washOrrifyingenough to Cover all defioienoies in his size, for it proved beyond a donbt that the widow was going on a wrong tack and about .to marry a man who would, nob make her happy, bo. she plumped down on her knees and made a vowto give up Mo Andrew for ever, which resolve she firmly carried out as he had already related to me. But eveu giving up her affianced husband did not, as she innocently expected, lay the ghost. On 'the day after the visitation Morey appeared and gravely listened .to the account, and then said she feared that the ghost would return -every third night for an indefinite period,' unless, indeed, they conld manage to charm him away to his proper quarters by the novel prooess of shooting him. Now it' was 'evident to. both' of them that an ordinary bullet would. be of no use against a spirit; but would skim through it as easily as through a slant of moonlight. The ballet had to be a magic one compounded after the following recipeTake five gold sovereigns and four pieces of lead and arrange them with one piece of lead between every two sovereigns; add a portion of the hair of the deceased. person; place them all- in the hands of a trustworthy person, descended from a long line "of fortune- tellers, and* let that person melt them alone at' midnight into ted bullets; drop' those bullets into' water, and choose the one which doe's' not sink, and "that is the one which- still kill. the liveliest ghost that ever floated. I am thus particular to give the recipe in full, because some day an obtrusive fhost may come to haunt yon, and then yon will now how to send it about its business. How ever, I will be frank, as Morey was—there is a possibility of failure. .^This arises from some spirits being more obstinate than others, and requiring additional charms and gold artioles to frighten them away. Morey got the gold sovereigns and bitB of lead and a look of the deceased coal merchant's hair and duly made the magie bullet, bub' when she brought it to Mrs. Davidson and appeared to load it into the pistol which; was to Bebtle the spirit for ever she was honest enough to tell the widow that it might .fail,. - ■ "If it is to succeed," she said with praise worthy forethought, "the spirit will disappear like a flash and never come back, but if it is not strong enough the spirit will come forward threateningly and possibly laugh aloud." . The possibility of a spirit.-!' laughing aloud" was too horrible, and. Mrs.' Davidson would fain have backed out "of 'the whole business; but Morey at once explained thafcif the magio shooting were not carried "out not one bird a whole troop of ghosts would appear on the coming "third night.".: Of two evilfl ohoose the least is a maxim universally adopted, bo the widow agreed, to try the shooting business though she admitted "that She had never handled a pistol in her life? The difficulty of shooting through a glass window was obviated by Morey assuring her, that, the spirit this time would probably appear in the widow's own room. . This was Job's comfort to the chief actor in the scene, who, would rather have broken 20 windows-than had the spirit so hear, but Morey assured her-that ghosts -were just like bodies—they had a way of their own and stuck to that as obstinately -as bad husbands.i It was also imperative" that no human being j but themselves should" know anything of the intended potting, lest something terrible on the part of the sympathising troop of ghoBts should follow. Accordingly the widow when night came prepared to faoe the spirit alone, without as much as telling her servant to be ready for a pistol shot at midnight; and sure enough, when the clocks were striking twelve, there was a creaking of doors and the grey [shadow appeared before her in her own bed room! Mrs. Davidson did not wait for any de I monstration.bututteredasoreamandfired point blank at the part of the ghost where a heart is supposed to be. No sudden disappearance took place; the spirit advanced threateningly and laughed—a regular marrow freezer ot a laugh, such as used to be introduced into tales of horror a hundred years ago, but is now con sidered old-fashioned. Of course Mrs. David son buried her face in the pillows, realising that this spirit was to be a very tough customer to kill, and when she looked up again the ghost was gone and iu its place her servant asking in terror what was wrong. | "I thought there wasarobberia the house," was the widow's incoherent explanation and on examination of the opposite wall it was found that the magic bullet had left no mark, thus olearly proving that the ghost had carried off the bullet in its own ungrateful body—no, not body, but—but inside—that's the only word that suits. Mrs. Davidson was now getting tired of the ghost. One may have too much of a good thing and too many warnings are like a long sermon, more wearisome than edifyiug. When Morey therefore came next day and decided that nothing but another encantation bullet made of five sovereigns, weighted down with a gold watch which had onoe been the property of the ghost, could effectually chase ; him away, she coldly intimated that if this charm failed she would hot advance another coin though the: spirib should wear his feet off. Morey, .'however, held out great hopes of success and went off to make the | magic bullet, while the' widow, as I have l.shown,. chanced to -meet her affianced and revealed all that had happened. By that time J Mr. Davidson half suspected Morey to be h trickster, intent only on getting ".gold articles," but she still had a whoiesome dread of the.apparibion, which she feared was nob to be gob rid of so easily. MoAndrew could nob very well say much unless ib had been, to oall her a fool, and that is a word which a man . does not usually apply to his beloved until he is married to her. He therefore told her that I the cause of her failure was nervousness and'a defeotive aim in fifing the magio bullet. " You need a man's firm hand for that job," hegia'vely added, "and if you don't object I'll watch with you to-night and do the firing. I was a volunteer for five years and used to take some of the.best, prizes at the competitions in Hunter's Bog." It was in vain that Mrs. Davidson pointed out that no other human being ought to be presenb and that he above all others was moat likely to be offensive to the ghost—women were made to be wheedled, and before MoAndrew had had his arm about her for ten minutes and given her a dozen kisses she was as plaBtio as clay and quite eager for the shoot ing to be done by his 'firm hand. I suspect she was also thankful to have someone to keep her company during the expected visitation— more especially a man. Wom'en are made tf> lean, and the more they lean the more_they are loved and sup cor ted. Besides, the widow had been done out of nearly a fortnight's leaning and was beginning to feel hungry, so to Speak. Ghosts are all very well, bub when ib is a- case of courtship they ought to keep. to their own quarters. As . soon as MoAndrew. had- made his arrangements for-joining the widow at her house at night he came straight' up to , the Central and put the faots [before'me. 'It Was , dear that we had now a date against Morella Heme, but I was. anxious also to catoh the I spirit whom Bhe had [conjured up to frighten ! the widow, so I agreed to'delay arresting her til) we had interviewed the ghost', of the coal dealer. After leaving me Mo Andrew, went to a Bhop below Niddry-street and .bought some small shot, whioh he took with him that night to Comely Bank. •' When' the pistol containing the enchanted bullet" was placed ready, capped and loaded, in his. hahds by the widow he added the small shot to the charge,- pounding in enough to fill the pistol nearly to the muzzle, remarking very Bagely that it would do a real ghost not a bit of harm; Long before twelve o'clock I saw the lights go out and I could not help contrasting the cruel difference in the positions of McAndrew and myself—he inside in a warm room with his be loved widow leaning on his breaBt and I out in the cold witching for'the tardy ghost of a coal dealer, with no plump angel to oheer and com-' fort me. At length the olook struck twelve and the ghost appaared, clad in a long over coat and battered felt hat and done up with a profusion of grey gauze after the Btyle ,of the ghost of Hamlet's father on the stage. After entering by the green door this gauzy ghost went boldly to the'kitchen window, raised the Bash, and disappeared into the house, when I instantly crossed the green from my hidihg- plaoe in' the'washhouse and stood ready at the window to oatoh the ghost at the first dart for liberty. 1 was in ignorance of the small Bhot, however, which proved, far more effective tnan the magio bullets, for when McAndrejv fired there was.an unearthly yell from the ghost, whioh flopped down calling out that'it had been murdered. . . The horrible uproar caused me to jump in by the open window and make for the bedroom, where.I found the lights' up and the widow and MoAndrew bending over Morey herself, who was squirming about with several ounces of small shot' in her legs. I had to get a Cab to take her away, and she lay for two .weeks with a surgeon practising shot-picking every day on her frame, and was then sent to prison for nine months to reflect on the folly of playing the ghost without a ooat of mail. McAndrew did not recover the gold articles, but'he got "a wife who tboiigh soft-hearted has turned out to bs worth her weight in gold to him.' 