The Poor " Swaggfe, " Non I'lcs Nil" writes to the EditorA bushman's life is not a bappy one, not by a long way, and it is steadily getting the re verse of improving in every respect. If he follows sbed work be considers himself lucky if he gets three sheds in a twelvemonth, each of which a few years ago kept him at work from ten to twelve weeks, but now only lasts about half that time. The rest of the year be is o» the weary tramp, " bluey up," from station to station in search of some sort of " graft" which he, in the most instances, fails to get. for the simple reason that there is but very little or nothing doing ; and if he is a man advanced in years, bis hair and beard turned grey, his chances of getting a job are very remote. There are hundreds of men i knocking about the Queensland bush at pre sent who, through old age or weak constitu tions, are unable to do a day's hard work if sucb were procurable. How do these poor fellows live for the seven or eight months of the year? and what will become of them when they are not able even to do shed work? Twenty-four shillings a week for about four month.*' work a year does not amount to much, and for what little be has to buy, such as clothing, boots, and tobacco, and a few other necessary little things, be is charged the highest price, and that very often, too, for inferior goods. Now, sir, when a shed is " cut out," or any other kind of a job in the bush is finished the bush worker likes a bit of a change, for in spite of his rough and often wretched life he is a human being for all that; well, then, he pockets his cheque, shoulders his swag, and off lie goes to the nearest township as fast as liis legs will carry him, followed by his faithful and perhaps only road companion, his dog. As he sails along the track he mutters to liimself, " Well, I have got a few pounds together once more, and I mean to Btick to tliem this time ; no stopping for me in public - houses," and go " stiff like the last time I went in. It will be on the banks of the creek under my bit of calico they 'will find me if anybody wants to see me : no heavy drinking or " shouting " for Jack Brajrg this time : a couple of days' spell and off I go to be in time for W. shed, aye old "Rover?" and the dog assents by a look at his master and a wag of his tail. Thus, or very similar to it, a good many buslunen soliloquise when they go iu for a spell, and I have no hesita tion in saying that if they don't always carry their good intentions through, in nine cases out of ten it is not all their own fault. There are, however, it must be admitted, some bush men who, when they get a pound or two together, have neither rest nor peace until they have spent their last sixpence in grog, but I dare say that the number of this class is very small. But now, " "What sort of grog are you served with, mate, iu the most pubs, in the bush ? " Well, you will say, in many places it is the real " snake poison," or any other name you like to give it: a couple of drinks is enough to " knock you over, and if you do not get properly drunk on that infernal 6tuff you are sure either to go mad or at least to feel sick aud miserable for more than a week after. Apropos of "strong grog," it puts me in mind of a little par. I read in the Clnr,npion some sliovt time ago about three gentlemen travelling in a buggy out west who, before they started, procured eighteen- pence worth of whisky in a bush pub. just for purifying the water which was very bad at the time along the road they liad to travel, and how they got drunk after par taking of the mixture which thoy diluted over and over again in a big bottle, and finally how, after two of the trio had got out of the buggy (arrived at their destination), the third one had to proceed some distance further, | and, on discovering the bottle which still contained some of the precious fluid, he "chucked" it out of the buggy into the grass at the roadside, aud when he happened to look round shortly after the contents of the bottle had set fire to the grass. That publican from whom the three " gentlemen" got their grog must have made a mistake, and supplied j them from the bushman's bottle. I wonder | what effect it would have had on a poor "swaggie" if he had swallowed that dose single handed—"pegged out," I suppose. But permit me now, Sir, to tell you a bit of mi/ experience in the grog line in a township on the western river. (It needs neither salt nor anything else to digest that, as it is a solid fact.) I met an old mate of mine in the street lately who I had not seen for years, and after exchanging greetings he invited me round to the pub. where he was staying to have "a wet." The landlady appeared in the bar to serve us. "Got any red heart rum, Mrs. bm." "No, but I got some other good brand which I guarantee will make your heart as red as you will wish it." " Good enough, old lady, rum for me, then " And yours, young man ? " "Well, I will try a rum, too." " Here is the bottle, boys, help yourself;" and as we both had just come into town, and this was our first drink, we poured out a good stiff nobbier each, being sadly in want of a good stimulant after several days hot and weary travelling "humping Mathilde." " It was the strongest rum I ever drank," remarked my old mate, before we were hardly out of the bar. " Yes," says I, " and did you notice the peculiar taste of it 'i but never mind, let us have a stroll down on to the river bank and have a chat about by-gone days when we used to be mates. Bat what is this, holy Moses, how I feel bad ! I believe the woman was right when she told us that her rum would turn our hearts red. I feel veiy much like my whole inside is on fire, let alone the heart. She has dosed us right enough. Oh, oh my belly! For goodness sake_ let us make haste and get down to the river and get a drink of water, the pain is something terrible." We had hardly reached the river when my friend felt as bad if not worse than I, howling like a dingo, and cursing the d—d grog, which he declared a Mackay planter wouldn't give to his pigs. Wc almost emptied the waterholc in the river before we succeeded in extinguishing the raging flames in our inner receptacles. Well, to cut it short, we felt the effect of that one drink for more than a woek after, and if wc had got one more of that same stuff we should most Ijjcely havo " given up the ghost." Now, Sir, don't you think that my tale is aB strong a proof of the " strong" grog one gets in the Queensland bush towns as yours '< No wonder bushmen often are " run in" for getting druiik and using bad language when they get an inch or two inside them of that sort of " fire water." Why, it is enough to make a saint swear and use all sorts of bad language. I often won dered how that sort of "spew" would stand analysis; it would all be declared "ovor proof " I suppose. What a boon and blessing these " bushmen's homes" will bo when they become an accomplished fact, but I am afraid the present generation won't live to see that. Four years ago a rev. gentleman had got that far in Ins bushman's home scheme that he was going to start building forthwith; aye, he even (addressing a meeting of shearers and rouseabouts in a shed) promised every mother's son a look and key to his room in " the home" while staying were to prevent thieves from "going through you" the same as they do now wholesale in some of the pubs., but something got in the parson's road, which resulted in mm " clearing out" and the putting up of "the homes" is left in abeyance. Well, well, something ought to be done, some place of refuge ought to be provided for the many hundreds of miserable and half-starving b ashmen who the two thirds of the year are out of work wandering about from place to place. Who will come to our rescue ? Who will assist us ? Homes of our own we have none, and if we camp on a creek or waterhole near a township under one or two yards of calico and leave our camp for but lialf-an-hour, it is very probable that we shall return to find our few things de stroyed by the large number of pigs and goats that always infests the bush towns, or perhaps some kind-hearted soul (not of the quadruped species) has "lifted" our few belongings while we were away—both very common occurrences now-a-days. Add to J the hardships and miseries of a bushman, his constant annoyance from flies, mosquitoes, ants, and scores of other kinds of vermin and reptiles with which the Queensland bush abounds, and you have a true picture of a life utterly devoid of comfort aud pleasuie, aud therefore certainly not enviable—the life of the poor " swaggie." 