i ' '—.it" HERE AND TIIEHB. . J- A. Dobbia, B.A., who is contesting the Flinders Division, is one of tho strongost men out on tho Labor ticket, and will, if elected, bo sure to mnko his mark ;in tho 'Ouse. In..tho adjoining divsion of Cook d,abor is roprosontod by Jas. Watsbn, a man as weak as Dohbio is strong. Suroly tho Leagues can't oxpect tiinir supporters to voto for anybody tlioy may nominate. » » A Paddiiigton candidate on being asked privately by a supporter why ho did not touch on tho Central Division Leasos, Irri gation, and Water Conservation, replied that ho hail not read up those questions, as thoy did not affect a city constit uency. « # Jimmy Ward, of Crown-stroot, bosses tho Protectionists of Flinders. Solno of them, however, are kicking at Aid. Kip- pax s Into candidature, aud aro calling Jimmy a traitor. « S. Bradley, tho seloctcd Freetrader for Redtern, is a carpet bagger aud a ' Holy Joe, and lias only been iu the colony about " five miuutos." What cau he know about tho requirements of a great colony like this? » M'Dormott is tho great intorjector at J- D- Fitz-Gerald's meetings. Mac must suroly havo a bad memory. Was it not Fitz Gerald who wont to England om behalf of tho maritime strikers (at his own ex pense), and was tho means of sendiug out thousands of pounds for tlioir aid? Fitz's great crimo appears to bo that ho fought tooth and naii for " one mau one vote." Will Macovor be able to show as cloau a record as the man ho traduco3? A candidate who is contesting a city con stituency lias beeu drummed out of three colonies, and his family havo a notorious reputation throughout the whole of Aus tralia. Go J help this poor country if some of the thieves and sharps who aro sfiiudiii" happen to fluke in. Jimmy Rutherford got quite annoyed at" B.Uhursi; the other evening, at a moetin"- when some of his listeners shouted out "baa-baa." Jimmy aud tbo Webbs aro clip leaders of tho two great factiotis in tho City of tho Plains. Jimmy is " Cobb and Co. and a bit of a squatter, and supplied Batliurst butchers witn sheep durin"- some trouble witli the pastoralists. Hence tho " baa-baa." When W. H. Webb, who is a poultry raiser, takes tho chair for Free- trade, tho crowd shout " Cuuck, chuck," and he get's ropablo. » " At Fifcz-Gerald's meeting at tho .Occi dental tho othor night a questioner, in stentorian tones, asked the candidate " if ho was a supporter of local industry." To Fitz's decided "Most certainly lam," tho questioner ropliod in a treble, " Well, then, got your hair cut." ' . ' Tho tough element who attend political meetings have discarded the time-honored, bags of flour in favor of burnt cayenne popper, much to the discomfort of "those present. Jack M'Elhono was iu tho middle of an address ad Fitzroy the other night, when ho suddenly stopped aud began to sniff. " By tho Holy Ghost," said Jack, "some damn wretch is burning popper. If anyone will point him out to me I will punch him on his b noso." Some of tho interjections at Ivan Henry's ' meeting on Thursday night : " You havo got a -hide, Johnnie Joofront.-" "What about the viddor?" " Show the sheutle- man your frock, Rachel," &o.;, &c.; » »' John Norton: "Aro you iu favor of compensation?" Mr. Henry: Most cer tainly I am." J.N. : " Well, then, will \- you bring in a Bill, if elected, to com pensate swindled widows?" : < Ivan Henry had a well-known.pressman dictating his speech to him on Thursday night. Thoir efforts to conceal the fact ' . from the crowd wero quite amusing. 