ierroe aid Baiptlte, I once knew two industrious mechanics lamed Pierre and Baptiste, They dwelt in a aiaishackle tenement at Sault aux Beloenil, where each had half-a-dozen children to sup port besides their wives ; who, it is grievous to relate, were drones. They were only nominally acquainted with that godly art commonly associated with charwomen. Pierre and Baptiste were hard workers. They worked far into the night, and, occa sionally, the thin mists of dawn had begun to break on the narrow city pavements before their labors would cease. No one could truthfully say that theirs was not a hard earned pillow. Sometimes they did not toil in vain, It depended largely upon the police, It was early! one November that this horny-handed pair planned the burglary of a certain safe located in a wholesale estatb lishment in St. Mark street. On the par ticular evening that Pierre and Baptiste hit upon for the deed, the head bockkeeper had beenhaving a wrangle with his accounts. cared to his employer, the senior member of the firm, "yet I am convinced everything must be right. An error of several hundred dollars has-been carried over from each daily footing, but where the error begins or ends, I'm blest if I can find out." The faot was that the monthly sales had been unusually heavy, and a page of the balance had been mislaid. The head book keeper spent upwards of an hour in casting ip both tile entries of himself and his subordi tes after the establishment had closed its ors for the day. rhen he went home to supper, determined aet1-. and locate the deficit, if he didn't a of sleep until morninrg. Boo k-'eres, it .must be borne in mind, have hig' iin which are susceptibl to ;e ` o reflecting cP= bfiri T sj _ 'e-i"Anlsýýnat'.-t tyie 'ookkeeper re i --sage commenced anew his critical calculations. He worked precisely three hours and a half ; at the end of which period he suddenly clappedhishand to his forehead and exclaimed : " Idiot ! Why haven't you looked in the safe for a missing sheet ? Ten chances to one they have been improperly numbered! " He turned over thepages of thebalance onhis desk, and sure enough, the usual numerical mark or designation in the upper left-hand corner which should follow eleven was miss ing. Page twelve, in all likelihood, had slipped into some remote corner of the safe. The safe was a large one, partially receding into the wall and containing all the papers, documents and several day receipts in cash and drafts of the firm. The head bookkeeper, in his efforts at un earthing the lost page of the cash balance, was obliged to intrude his entire person into the safe. Fearful lest the candle he held should attract attention from the street, show ing out as it did against the black recesses of the safe, upon entering he drew the door elightly ajar. Ashe stepped in the tail of his coat caught on an angle of the huge riveted lock; the massive gate swung to as if it weighed no more than a pound, and tCe book-keeper was a prisoner. He heard a resonant click-that was all. His candle went out. The book-keeper at the outset lost his presence of mind. He fought like a caged animal. He first exerted almost superhuman strength against the four sides of the iron tomb. Then his body collapsed and not for an instant losing consciousness, he found himself sitting in a partially upright posture, unable to so much as stir a muscle. It was almost at toe same moment, although hours seemed to have passed, that the drum of his ear, now abnormally sensi tive, was almost split into fragments. A frightful monotonous clangour rent the in terior of the safe. The bookkeeper used to observe afterwards that a single second's deviation of character istie thought and lie would have gone mad. Stronger minds in a parallel situation would have indeed collapsed. But a weaker man can never confront the inevitable, but clings more stubbornly to hope. They are only weak individualities who, in the act of drowning, catch at straws. As Lthe b-bakkeper £tr:htsliin!.. gicauunuy growing weak for want of air to breathe, his revivified hope ledhim to deliberately crash his fist into the woodwdrk with which the interior of the safe was fitted, in secre taire fashion, one drawer being built above another. This gave him a few additional cubic feet of air. As may have been conjectured, the noise which smote the book-keeper's ear was that of a drill. Although acutely discerned within, the sound was practically smothered on the outside of the vault. At one end of the drill was a cavity, rapidly growing larger, in one end of the steel panels. At its end was a heavy, warty fist, part of the anatomy of Baptiste, the industrous mechanic. Baptiste held the drill while his comrade, Pierre, pounded it in. Soon thetwo burglars became aware that some sort of animal commotion was going on within the safe. It nearly. drove them into convulsions of astonishment. Baptiste was so startled that he dropped the drill. 1" It is a ghost," he said. Baptiste was for throwing up the job uncompromisingly on the spot, but this proposal met with obstacles. His fellow workman, who was of stiffer courage, re jected it with scorn, as savouring too much of the superstitious. Pierre had a large family to support, he argued. He spoke frankly. They could not afford to throw away the opportunities of Providence. To his friend and co-labourer, the burden of his remark was- - "Lache ! Go hon! You make metired wuz yer ghosts an' things. Let's not have no beast foolin'-see ? De job is commence Allons! " The upshot of this was that Pierre and Baptiste went back to work. At the third crack of the drill, Pierre crossed himself, and said " Baptiste, dere's a man in dat safe ! " Both men grew pale as death at the very suggestion. Baptiste, for instance, was so frightened he couldn'tutter a syllable. His tongue clove to the roof of his mouth. How ever, Pierre, as usual, was the'first to recover. Hie applied his ear, first to the lock and then to the drill-hole. "Hey, in dare'!" he cried, yet not so loud as to be heard dn the side-walk. To this there came a faint response-a very faint shout,in deed; it sounded as if it were a mile away: ''"For God's sale give ?se air! I am locked in here. Try and burst open the safe !" The two burglars did not stop to talk, but went at once to work as if their own lives de pended on the result, instead of the life of the mysterious occupant of the vault. In less than four minutes they had a hole, somewhat smaller than the business end of a collar button, knocked into the panel of the vault. Then Pierre and Baptiste paused to wipe the sweat from their;brows. The man inside breathed. It was now that the pair began to muse cn the denouement. Could this be a member of the firm or an employe? This hypothesis jeopardised the success of the night's adven ture, unless, when they had permitted the prisoner to emerge, they hound and gagged him into silence. On the other hand, this course would have an ugly look. If he resisted it might mean murder in the end; whereas, if they did not let him out at all, they would stand no chance of profiting by the pecuniary contents of the safe. Besides, as the man could scarcely live thus until morning, they would be responsible for his taking of. Thus reasoned Pierre and Uaptiste. These were rot highly comforting reflec tions, but therewas still another and a better in reserve. What if, after ll, the man were himself a felon!: Might he not be a conm panion crib-crchker? In that case they would merely lhrve to divide the spoils. "Hey, in ere," cried Pierre, suddenly struck with an ides. "What is de combina tion hof de safe?" "Fifteen-three-seventy-three ." came back in sepulcleal tones. It was evidently growing harder and harder to dray breath through the tiny eperture. Thus it tranipired that at the expiration if fifteen secoals the lock of the vault gave back the same resonant click it had rendered eight minutes previously. Thanks to the timely advent of Pierre and Baptiste it opened as lightly, as airily and as decisively as it had closed 480 seconds before on the un happy accountant. The head book-keeper gasped once or twice, but without any assistance stepped out into the free air. He was very pale and his dress was much rent and disordered when his feet touched the floor. But this pallor quickly made way for a red flush at perceiving the two burglars with the implements of their profession strewn around them. Meanwhile Pierre and Baptiste themselves stood transfixed by the sheer novelty of the situation. Without any kind of speech or warning, or without making any attempt at bravado, the bookkeeper walked deliberately to his desk and rang an electric call for the police. Simultaneously it seemed, for so rapid and quiet was the action, he opened a drawer, took out a small revolver, and covered both burglars with a fatal precision. As he did so he uttered these remarkable words: " Gentlemen, I would, indeed, be the basest of men if I did not feel profoundly grateful for the service you have just rendered me. I shall always regard you as any right minded man should regard those who have saved his life with imminent peril to them selves or, which is just the same, to their liberty. Any demand in reason you make of me I shall make an effort to perform-but my duty to my employers I regard as para mount. I have accumulated a little money, and with it I propose to engage the best counsel in your defence, which is certainly marked bymihigating circumstances. If, on the other hand, you are convicted - Here the officers of justice entered, having ,broken the door open with a crash.-" Strand Magazine." 