TRBTffS LETTERS TO PDBLIC MEN. EMINENT AND OTHERWISE, MOSTLY OTHERWISE. (BY ' YOUXG AUSTRALIAN.') No, 3— To Sir Henry Parkes, G.C.M.G., Q&ndid;&tft; it? St* Leoa&r;&s;* Dear Bib Hesey, — I note by the daily prcs3 that you are ouce more in the breakers of political notoriety ; and that you are still aflUcfccd with the same old religious rancour, which has been your chronic disorder for some years past. Your address to your prospec tive constituents has the same saffron tinge which, of late years, has tinctured all the speeches delivered by you upon critical State occasions. Bigotry is a bad crutch to help a iflrierl CkM r\r\rr nvcy +ka nAlifinal b*-51q . 1m, 4- if any feeble words of mine, ' Nevertheless I owe it to my countrymen (whom you and your corrupting confederates have partially ! enslaved and pitiably pauperised) to ad monish you on the folly of ending your days in impenitently promulgating such anilliberal policy. Why sow discord on ground covered by the altars of Christ ? Why encourage Proteatfint. and nQfV,..li/- fn naroi«fin tirtf,-no- * ? — ? ° w,w OW..V, , MUL. has served your ambitious and sinister pur poses with frequency and fidelity. One can scarcely expect you to discard it now, seeing that it has at last become an ill-natured ' part and parcel ' of the evil and envious side of yonr nature. Many vital issues have engaged the atten tion of Parliament since last you waged a warfare, in which your courage was more conspicuous than your care for a country which has over-well cared for you. Ia all these important conflicts; when your experi ence— rightly directed— would have been of much public benefit, you have been strangely silent. Your supporters frequently flattered themselves that— 1 ' One blast upon your bugle horn Were worth t«a thouBa&d; men;' but they bellowed for that blast in vain. You preferred to keep your truant tongue within your torgid teeth. Your unnatural abstinence from engagements the arena of eloquent strife may have been due to dis cretion, and it may have been due to despair. Tou are such a curious coagulation of com posite characteristics that it ie always diffi cult, in assessing the mainBpringB of your motives, to allot the impulse to the right controlling-factor I Be the motive what it may, you inspired false-security in those by whom you are alternately feared and detested. Ken argued, from your icy inattention to moving matters, that you were imposing upon your declining years the exactitude of a Charity your manhood never knew 1 You forcbore to sneer and you forgot to snarl 1 Delusive symptoms 1 Either your critics were faulty in tbeir judgments, or you were unstable in your penitence. Probably both 1 Personally 1 am not surprised at your ill timed resurrection. Parliament is in the pangs of parturition — a circumstance quite sufficient to lure you from your political hermitage, where you have been sitting in sulky slothfulness, idly crouching in expec tation of a favorable moment ior a spring. Any rainfall of unusual violence may always be relied on to dislodge tbe diffident adder and unearth the crouching centipede; and in politics you are essentially a man whose venom outweighs his virtue. Anticipating some such crafty revival on your part, 1 am not in the least surprised at your re-appearancc in the only armour in which you now care to do battle. There was a time in your history when you fought important political battles upon issues im posing enough to dignify them and you. Now, however, your armament is largely compOBed of the rusty and repulsive weapons of religious intolerance, or (to speak more correctly) an affccted intolerance which serves your purpose, as long as it arouses all the baser and blacker passions of more in tolerant men. Upbn such ill-passions, and their susceptibility in tbe causc of sectarian Btrife, you have long been a very free trader, and until the leopard succeeds in changing its spots, and the Ethiopian in bleaching his skin, we must cxpect to find depraved old politiciaus, like yourself, subtle eROugh to try and clamber to power npon the rungs of religious hate. Yon1 are probably too hardened in political iniquity to be Busceptiblc of conversion by one another for the love of the good God to whom bothVre alike amenable 1 In addressing you on the eve of what will probably be your last electioneering cam paign, I do not propose to revive the f railtieB of your character other than what are ex hibited in your prominent political defalca tions. Had you been faithful to the State whose destinies you were long privileged to personally direct, your private shortcomings might well have been forgiven you. In those respects you are probably no worse than many of your detracters ; and what they hold to be your crowning sin against Society was probably the most heroic act to the credit of your private character. Anyway your political peccadilloes are quite vicious enough to haunt the balance of your days j ? and your personal delinquencies may well be left lor settlement between yourself and your Creator. Your profligacy, at its worst, can scarcely be as bdd as your poetry ; and as for your interminable maze of debts, it may fairly be conceded you that, in most cases* the designing vagabonds who lent you money deserved all they met with. You honored them by borrowing money from them 1 Neither do I propose to make reference to the details of a career which has been as diversified by the caprices of Fate as it has been distended by thfe indulgence of Time. Despite all the craft and cynicism with which you have blackencd and bleakened it, your career was often illuminated by fiasheB of patriotic ardour, revealing natural germs of kindlier thoughtB and nobler purposes. 1 recognise, too, that it would be impossible for me to find language laudatory enough for your many obviouB merits, or damnatory enough for your glaring and gallingdefccts. You arc, probably, the most composite charactcr that ever dominated the political stage of this or any other community. Your worst enemies find something in you to admire— your best friends something to detest 1 On the one hand you are a mass of rugged fearlessness ; on the other a graven image of incarnate falsity and arrogant conceit — a reservoir of intellectual bigh-mindedness and a mine of damnable deceit— a courageous foe and a rotten-hearted friend. If one could fuse in the same furnace tbe leading attri butes of Cicero and Caliban, and Moses and Judas, then threw in a dash of Nero and iitus uates, and run oft the molten mass i into a crooked crucible, the anomalous pro- | duct would scarcely be a more perfect blend of soot and snow than you are. You have abilities enough— by comparison with the bulk of your contemporary politicians— to justify your political canonisation. You have enough political vices to sink your sou! into the nethermost Hell that ever Milton moul ded, Dante dreamed, or Dor6 drew. To your admitted abilities one has only to add your obvious opportunities, and your treachcry to Australia and Australians stands out in lurid tints t With your oppor tunities New South Wales should have been the happiest and freest country on earth, had your designs an$ your pretensions ran in harmcny. Unfortunately, you have been our country's curse, for you have taught our public men the expediency of juggling with a nation- and demonstrated the ease with which an ungrateful trickster can settle his political promises by barren per formances. The three factors which have caused your political bankruptcy (and the consequential calamity of a ncglected, indolent, and retro grade State) have been — your Insincerity, your Inconsistency, and your Bigotry. All three have almost equally contributed to the present deplorable condition into which yon have plunged our native land, as tho direct consequence of your protracted period of ill- government and misrule. Your Insincerity is too amply attested by results to merit more than passing reference. You professed to reverence the ambitions of this young and promiBing country, and by your profligate policy you have squandered its choicest areas, and helped to build up great agrarian monopolies. The revenue derived by this improper sacrifice of the people's patrimony you expended in ? State bedsteadB and .trumpery trea sures of art; in fees to foreigners and subsidies to strangers,* in enlarging the Civil Service far beyond the necessities of good government ; and in sanctioning well arranged resumptions of land, by which favored individuals fleeced tbe State and amassed private fortunes. You accentuatcd your iftBlncerity by dallying with urgent public reforms until the clamors of the populace forced you to grudgingly accept them. You subsequently reserved to yourself, on all possible occasions, the credit of their initiation. In this respect your Insincerity is almost overshadowed by your Insolencc. Equally manifest is your character for In consistency. Few men in a lifetime bave played as many strange parts as you have. Fewer Btill have stirred the political cauldron with so many different _ ladles. When the generous pulsations of Youth hallowed your Liberalism, you were a pugnacious Chartist. When Bank and Title soothed and satisfied your days of decrepitude, you consented to the despatch of the Military to Newcastle in order to overawe (and, if necessary, to slaughter) men whose struggles would have enliBted the warmest sympathies of your caTliex and better manhood. For your descent into the depths of cold- blooded and cynical despotism can you find a possible palliation 1 On the fiscal question you have also veered from pole to pole. Anon, a convert to Pro tection j then, finding the conversion un popular and unprofitable, you became the dextrous coiner of a piebald policy, mask ing'the worst errors of one fiscal crced under the nomenclature of the other. Now, that your sophistries no longer dazzle and your fiscal fallacies fail to delude, you scamper away from both creeds, and try to charm* the goodly swarm of Bats by piping Federa tion to them — a High Tory artifice that, should have gained you a special Peerage, but hasn't. Even these are inBignifioant instances in comparison with your attitude towards Irish Australians. Under the wing of Sir Gavan Duffy you proclaimed yourself 'aBcbel to the backbone and spinal marrow.' After wards, when Orangcism asserted its numeri cal superiority at the polls, you turned with the tide, and joined the bigger battalion. You unravelled Fenian plots that had no existence other than in your malevolent imagination. You sniffed- out Catholic conspirators as Judge Jeffries emelt the Pjr Yfwi con cocted and constructed the famous Kiama GhoBt. And finally, you hanged the poor [ lunatic, O'Farrell, by dint of your personal and bigoted dominance over your Cabinet and over tba Parliament you Titus-Oatesed into abominable acquiescence. One would think that with such a black and infamous record round your ncck, you would endeavor to reBt content 'With the evil you have wrought, which will, unfox« tunatcly, rear its bigoted head long aftejy your bones lie rotting in their kindred clay. It appears, however, that the measure of your iniquity is not yet brimfull. The dis tresses aad disasters of your disintegrated faction require that tbe Kiama Ghost shall again be loosened from its chain. Hence your recent endeavours to arouse hostilities to reverend gentlemen whom you blasphem ously liken to 'Crowe,' and against whose interference in political affairs you warn all and sundry — a warning uttered for the sole purpose of pandering to one religious sect by gratuitously insulting another. It is needless to remind you tbat the day is long past when Australians can be rounded up to the polls by cither priest ot parson, lrw know that full well, but you also calcn-* late that if you can array Protestant against Catholic, and Oatholicagainst Protestant, you may manufacture a gaie that will blow your political barque once more to port. With one foot ia the grave and the smell of your yawn ing sepulchre under your very no&e;, can you find nothing better ,to think about than the rupture of a community, whose members— but for bigots like you— would be able to live i|i peace and concord, and settle their political disputes without irreverent refer ences to each other's religion ? As a pro pounder of such discord as this, you simply cumber the political earth I If you would be advised, Sir Henry, you would now — late as it is— turn your atten tion to moreBerious personal concerns than tho intensifying of religious bitterness. Yonr appeals to tbe oditi theologiouin. — ? which has been cultivated in this fair land till bigots grow rank and Christianity is Bmetbered with a nettle-bed of strife \--do not proceed -from infirmities of ignorance, but from baseness of inten tion. Well you know that so ^long as men wrangle about religion, they \ are simply aiding the cause of irreligien and blasphemy. When, men and women join hands in the common duties of honest citi zenship, they do not require to worry about the peculiarities ©f each other's belief. The Spaniards have a proverb, 'Ma oy roads to Heaven,' which indicates the spirit of tolera tion which Australians should extend to one another in all details of theological dogma ; and it ill becomes a representative pnblic man to preach any contrary tt&ctrine; with the view of setting hiB neighbors by the ea re. Apart from your bigotry, there is no special reason why you should not be in dulged with a seat in Parliament. Your cruel claws have been so well clipped by exposure and experience, that you can do little harm anywhere. Your potentialities are past. Time bas torn the mask from your hypocritical visage, and impressed on your relations with the electors the appropriate* nesB of the words with which that other M.ekanna the Veiled Prophet of Khorassaa —taunted hiB wretched victims : ** There, ye -wise saiate; hoholdtfour liirlit, yoni*. star ! i ? Ye would dupes and victims— and tje aub Therefore we may safely say, Sir! Henry, that your Ministerial Bun.j has ? probably set for ever, and that you may bo classified, in politics, as an 4t ex tinct volcano ! ' Your capacity * for future evil is decidedly limited by the im possibility of your ever again attracting a substantial following. Your capacity for good— narrow as it is— is further narrowed by your disinclination to aid in any reform of which you cfre not the recognised author and promoter. You aTe simply condemned to drivel out your dotage^Jike a pantomimic King Lear— all pique, posture and petulant passion— 41 You see me here— a poor old man, As full of grief as age ; wretched in both,' I concede, therefore, that the constituency to which you are appealing should extend to you the charity of ita choice. Even con demned criminals are the recipients of in dulgence on the eve of execution ; and you are now too old to punish for the deficiencies of the past. It is to* late for you-to retrieve your wanton errors or repair your saturnine mischiefs. Liko fallen Lucifer, yon have a black past, a pitiable present, and no possible prospect of an encouraging future. With 'no congratulating conscience to cheer your night,' you are indeed an object of melancholy indifference and supreme pity. Do you aot think, therefore, Sir Henry, that it would be wise in you to recognise your impotence for future political good or evil ; and to turn your eyes in penitential contemplation of the Eternity towards which you are rapidly drifting ? Is it wise, at your advanced age, to be sowing strife and anger, when you should be sitting in sackcloth and asfces, purging— by prayer— the delinquent cics of a career which our colony's future historians will regretfully paint in all the lurid blasphemies of execration and con tempt ? Humanly speaking, you are engaging is your J&b;& electioneering campaign. To apply 41 the coarse language of sport,' you are saddling up for the Kiual Handicap. Time— the ' conqueror of conquerors aud lord of desolation' — has not dealt unkindly with you. The Grim Beapcr has mowed down many better men, while permitting you to appropriate Byron'* metaphor.— But spare© gray Marathon.' Having outlived your usefulness and sur vived your popularity, you are nothing but a bitter memory, conveying a pointed moral to all men of kindred ambition and a like lack of political principle. To such mis guided mortals, who are tempted to pros trate high intellects to tho ulterior uses of an unprincipled ambition, your melancholy misfortunes— in all their gross perspective and defiled delineation— are like the flaming seraphim set to warn intruders from approach ing the Garden of Eden. Your miserable failures accentuate the moral that Bigotry is a snare by which ' Ambition Ifimpfs'to riss, Tbon -whirls the wvetch from high; —To bitter scorn a BHcrifico, And grinnia& infamy.' ' Trusting, Sir Henry, that you will ponder over these few lines at mute midnight, when the ghost of tho murdered O'Farreil sits astride your corroding conscicncc like tho sinister shadow of a sin that merits no sal vation. 1 am, yours, et-£, YOUNG AUSTRALIAN. For letters 4, ft, nn-l C— to Mesa's. Kate, Cotton, ui& HJudlo— see pop* 1* 