NEWS OF TUB EAT. Committee work on the "cheep money" bill began in earnest last night in the Legislative Amenably, anil aoon brought on a scene. Mr. Shiels objected to the provision in clause 4, that "on the 30th June" in oaoh year one commis sioner should retire, and that tho Governor in Counoil should havo the appointment of auo- oosiors. Ho regarded this as a serious nnd vitnl change in tho control of the Savings Banks— ns tho opening of a door for political influenoe. As in futuro the position ot a commissioner is to be nn office of profit, it would be eagerly sought for, and membsrs and Ministers would he canvassed for their patronage. Indeed, he was credibly informed that already the Government had appointed a new commissioner who was a rela tive of ono of the members of the Ministry, and a new valuator whose only qualification was that ho had bean an employd in the Water Supply department. The shaft went direct to its mark. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen with great warmth intorjeoted that Mr. Shiels was making an " odious assump tion." -The Chairman, evidently soeing that a storm was brawing, announced that he would allow no personal squabbles. Mr. Shiels, offering a suave assurance that ho had no desire to be offensive, said he would be glad to hear offioially that tbe newly appointed commissioner was not oonneotcd by siny family ties with a member of the Government, and he submitted that if tho question were not satisfactorily answorod, point would bo given to the objection ns to politioal patronage. During theBo remarks nnd queries the Government— especially the Premier, tbe Treasurer and the Attorney- Genoral— appeared, as Mr. Shiels observed, to sit uneasily on their seats. They were at leaet manifestly impatient. In order to tost the feel ing of the committee on the question of politioal influence, Mr. Shiels moved the omission of " on," tho first word of " the clause. Visibly angry, Mr. G. D. Carter rose to reply. " One would imagine," he said, "that we were a gang of thieves quarr.lling over plunder." H. taunted the leader of the Opposition with judging the present Government by bis own, and affirmed that if Mr. Sbiols were to make outsido tho statement he jiad uttered in tho Houqo he would be made to answer for his languago in a court of law. His statements, mado as tiny were under the protection of Parliament, wore cowardly. " Thoy wers untrue, and" he added, "the lion, member knew they were, untrue when he made them." This wee dearly unparliamentary. Mr. Duffy called for a withdrawal, and Mr. G. Turner formally brought the worde used by tho Trea surer under the notiee of tbe Chairman. Seeing the mistake he had made in hia impetuosity, Mr. Carter at once modified his words. " Well," he said, "if he didn't know, he ought to have known; and anybody could have learned the truth with the least trouble." Still ho insisted that Mr. Shieis'a statements wero "improper and cowardly," and whan aome one ceiled "Chair 1 Chair I " ho in a louder .voioe dedarfd tht Ma Sblels's conduct had been "outrageous sud ungentlemsuiy." Ho himself, ho ssid, lmd lied to sonk out tho now 6ar|uge Bpnk auminlsplotier after having offorod tbe position to others who daolined it ; the gentleman appointed had been a former commissioner who resigned a few years ngo when about to visit Europe. I' Is he a roleljvo of nuy member nf the Government?" pcrqlntud Mr. Shiels.. " Not that I am aware of," was the Treasurer's not very compromising answer. As for the new valuator, their appointments were not in tiie hands of tho Government, hut of the oominiseionors. Mr. Shiels, whilst declining to follow tho Treasurer's example in the nao of strong lnnguoge, remarked that as dirt was only good mattor in a wrong plaoe, ao Mr. Carter's iudignatlon was wasted virtue. II again reminded membsrs that the challenged state ment had qot yet been deniqd, but he frankly admitted that had ho known the gentleman appointed wag n former commissioner hie view of the oase would have been modified. Aftor this Sir Bryan O'Loghlen unburdened himself in a fashion that threw oome light on Mr. Bldels's allegation, lie , was, ho said, eyidsiitly the objeot of the Opposition leader's personal attack. The new comnfdsaionor was a connec tion of tiie by marriage, who had simply accepted a position whioh he had formerly oooupied. He lmd heard of anothor slander, namely, that one of the newly appointed valuator was a relative of his. One of those valuators had a name similar to a nephew of lit, but ho was quite .a different man nnd no relative. The subject was then dropped. The discussion whioh followed on the test amendmont submitted hy Mr. Shiels savored of . a secoad reading dehato. Mr. Shiels made his point clear that whilst lie did not wish to interfere with the ennnin ftennf nf the commis sioners by the Governor in Counoil, ho did desire that their appointment should be similar to those of the Supremo Court judgos, and ho objected to ono appointment boing at the disposal of tiie Government of th. day on 30th June in every year. Mr. G. D. Carter gave the reasons of the Government for the pro posal, 'I'ho present commissioners, being all managers of banks or dircotora of land com panies, would be disqualified by the bill, but as they had given good service in the past and wore still reliable it- was agreed that they should havo an opportunity of retiring in turn without any slur, or of qualifying themselves by resigning their private positions. This arrangement necessitated power on the part of tho Government to fill their places in the msnnor proposed. Besides, the Government wonid decline to entrust £5,000,000 of the people's money to any five persons to do as they likod with without any regard for Parliament. The Opposition protested that they .were willing to giro the Government amplo control of the commissioners, but not an oppor tunity of exeroising politioal patronage by an annual appointment to qn offioe of profit Govcrnmont'supportcre, on the other hand, eon- tended that the Government mutt retain oontrol over the commissioners. This was not aeaaptcd as an answer to the point raised, and the oommit- tee got into a tangle of logio, whioh numerous members took advantage of to express their sentiments on political patronage. Mr. Har per, who is credited in an ironical way with being tho loader of tho Government corner, thought the clause as it stood would dis tinctly bring the Savings Banks under tho domination of the abhorred political influence, and urged tho appointment of a permanent head of the Credit Fonoier department. He pleaded witli the Government not to bo obstinate on this point. A remnrk made by the Treasurer that he would eooner see the bill lost than give up politioal control of the commissioners was taken exooption to by Mr, Duffy as a threat that if the amendment wars carried tho bill would be withdrawn. The Premier also contributed to the dis. cussion Ho informed tho Opposition that tbsy were not to be allowod to treat the bill as they likod. Tho measure was the property of the Governtnont. With an apt. remark or two, he smoothed over the memher for Beurke East, nnd then he went on the war path. "There is," ho said, "already a sufficient chook over the Government against makiug improper apnointmsnts. Members soom to think that relations of Ministers should havo no appointments, no mattor what merits they may possesa. That is absurd ! The question is not the relationship of persons, but their fitness. Members of. tho Opposition eeora determined to mako this a fighting session. I don't want to fight, but by jingo if you do " Naturally roars of iaughtor followed this display of the "jingo" spirit and tho sentence remained unfinished. Subsequently Mr. Shiola said the Premier was a man of mtny moods. He was as changeable as the sea. His storms were followed by calms ; his tempestuous outbursts of passion by jokes. Mr. Tuoker, Mr. Foster and other members gave further voice to the feeling that membere had not been properly treated in regard to tho supply of information conoerning the present state of the finanees of the Savings Banks. Mr. M'Lellan created sorao laughter by deolaring it was as impossible to abolish politioal influence as for a member to divest himself of his skin, and that they had all been talking arrant nonsense. When a division was taken the Govern ment rejoiced in the strong majority of 59 to 25. A suggestion by Mr. Dsakin that the appointment of a new commissioner should be made every second year instead of annually, tbe object of whioh was to give no Government with an ordinary tenure of oifioo the power of ohooaing a majority of the commissioners, was rather ourtly declined by the Treasurer, and olause 4 was then agreed to as it stood. An amendment by Mr. Trenwith on olause 5, to make the power of removal apply to tho pre sent as well ae to futuro commissioners, was rojeoted on the voiocs aftor a division had been called for, and the olause was carried. Clause 6 was being discussed whon progress was reported, aud the House adjourned. A very unusual kind of question, and ono whose motive or object is not apparent on the surfaoe, though it is well understood amongst those who stand behind the scenes, was put by Mr. J. Harris to the Minister of Railways yesterday in tho Legis lative Assembly. Mr, Harris asked Mr. Richardson if ' hie attention had been oalled to a letter - produced in tho hearing of tho libel aotion, Speight v. Sytqc, whioh Mr. David Symo wrote to Sir. SI'Donnell, forwarding him the written autho rity of the Sllnister to inspect the Newport workshops ; under what eireumetances, at whoso instanoe and for what purpose was the autho rity given; and was Mr. M'Donuell'e name written as " M'Donald " in tho letter of autho rity, and if so for what reason? Ha was silent as to what had prompted him to this aotion, but aaid he had in fairness to read a letter he had just previously rooeived from Mr. J. L. Purves, Q.O., leading oounsel for the defendant in tha libel case. Tho letter informed Mr. Qarrie that it was by Mr. Purvos's own direction that Sir. M'Donnell'i identity as an eminent oivfl ouglneer wee not disclosed. Mr. Purves further wrote— "I have reason to believe that information from this quarter I i.e., Newport workshops) had already been used to the detriment of my ollent, and that I was fully justified in taking the precau tion is amply proved by the faot that on this oecasion the visitor's private letter was ab stracted by some person and immediately for warded, not to the owner, but to thp adviser of Mr. Speight. The parti san who would do this would probably afford any other information whioh would oome. within his knowledge." Mr. Richardson replied that he gave tho authority under the ordinary circumstauces. A card was sent in to him by a gentleman who wished to visit the Newport 'workshops, and he gave him the permis sion in the ordinary way. It appeared that importance was attached to the matter because the gentlem|m was going to give evidenoe in the libel aotion. AU ho' had to say on that aspect of the case was that if either the plaintiff or defendant in that action had asked for hia permission - to visit the workshops he would have granted the desired authority with equal readiuese to either of them. So far as was dieolosed at the deputation which wsited upon the Minister for Railways yesterday from tho Heidelberg and Eltham Railway Trust, mattera iu respeot to a settle ment of - the deviation diffioulty are no further advanced than before. Mr. Richard- son strongly advlsoil that tho eonteacle, part, a. should e.ttlo thoir differences without reference to him, and then let him know of their decision, Eventually, he suggested that Mr. Cameron and Mr. Harper, repros.htlni either side, should confer with him and arrh, at a decision, which should bo considered Anal The suggestion wae, however, made that tiiiu "would be two to one." Tho Minister promptly withdraw the offer, andalmoitimmodiatelyaftar. wards tho deputation filed out into tiro oorridor It was plainly intimatod by tho Minister that tho dqlay had gone on far top long, gml that if finality ia nut soon reached tho money eet apart for the Ifpidclberg to jiltham extension will ba devoted to other railway purposes. So tint thero Is, it appears, still a prospeot that interne, olpe disputes amongst those interested in the line may relieve the country from the certain loss that its construction will involve. There are, Mr. Rjohardson remarked, hundreds of unemployed men who are anxjous to go on the oonstruotion works who are prevented from earning a livelihood, all because of whnt lb Hioltardaon termed a " petty aqttnhblo between two paltry places put in tho country." A comparison of tiie receipts of tho Customi department for the IX months of the financial ' year shows that the revenue will bo vory nearly equal to that of tho corresponding period of the previous year, notwithstanding the oontinuid depression. Thjs fact, coupled with a alight inorease of exportation over importation for 1893, goes to confirm tha view that tho colour has reached moro substantial ground in its com. merco anil industry, and may look forward to an improvement in its affairs. During tho pan 11 months the revenue nggrogated £1,824,608 and on the estimate ' ot £180,000 as ' tha probabto receipts for this month, th. i-.-i should resob £2,004.508 nt the end of the yein As the aotual revenue for the last finanoisl yeai was £2,030,123, there would thus be a differ ence Of little over £25,000 short this year. Some statements on this subject havo been published in a contemporary, putting down the shortage at £64,000, but this result was arrived at only by a hopeless confusion in contrasting periods of the financial and calendar years whioh have no relation with each othor. The rovieed scale of ohargos for both goodt nnd passengers on the Viotorlan railways hat bsen formally passed by tho Exsoutlye Council and has now the foroo of law, to take effect on 1st July. All the feature, of revision have been already det- oribed in these colnmns. In tlio goods troflio various reductions have been mode to cucourage some apcaial olasaet of business, whilo iu csrtsin lines of general merchandise, modifications have been made to meet tho road aud etsamor competition. With regard to the pasienger farce, the chief object has been to equalise tha prices on the miieago basis, allowing for the influcnoo of competition where it exists, and to roinove inconsistencies hitherto observable ia faros charged for oqual distances on different lines. In addition to the alterations of trains in the Western district jn consequence of the lster running of the Adelaide expross to Melbourne, already published, several other alterations tre announced to take place on o tiler linos onandafter Monday, 2nd July. Tho mixed train from Ararat for Hamilton and Portland, leaving at 10,15 p.m., in oonnoction with the 4.20 p.m. from Molbourne, will be discontinued aud replaced by a train leaving daily, exoopt on Mondays, at 1.40 a.m., conneoting with tho 6.50 p.m. from Melbourne, for Hamilton, Pqrtland and Cas- torton. The 6.55 a.m. train from Branxholme to Oasterton will be discontinued. Alterations will ho made iu tho running of Rupauyup and Lubcok trains. The train from Warragul to Neerim South will be altered from 12.3Q p.m. to 11.30 a.m. on Moqdays, Wednesdays, Fri days and Saturdays. In oonssquence of representations, mads to the Commissioner of Customs that tbeimme- diate abolition of permits for atoek to eross the bordor and return free of duty would cause muoh hardship to stook ownors, Mr. Baker has postponod the stoppage of theso permits to 1st Ootobsr. It was intended that the system should ceaso on 1st July, The Minister of Lands was waited on yester day afternoon by a deputation from the Forn Tree Gully shire aouucil and tbo newly estab lished Dandenong labor colony, with reference to one or two matters of local iutercst Mr. - Keys, M.L.A., who accompanied the depu tation, asked the Minister why the £400 whioh lie had promised to contribute to wards olaariug and making roads in the district had not boen oxpendod. Mr. M'lntyra remarked that the monoy was not.yot available. The Minister of Public Works had placed £400 on tho supplementary estimates, and he had no doubt tiie House would agree to its expenditure. Therefore he thought the shire eouncil would be justified in making arrange ments for the oarrying out of tho work, and in so doing he hoped as many of the village scttlirs as poaiibio would be employed. One of the village settlers then asked tha Minister to aet apart 10 nores of land at the foot of the ranges for school building and recreation ground purposes. The Minister replied that this land was very valuable; people wers aifoply hungoring for overy inch , of it. Then- fore be could not grant so muoh at 10 acres. He would seo if he oould let them have three "acres, which he thought would bs sufficient. Mr. M'Intyre ascertained that the people en the settlement are getting along very well, and are quite content with their let. The Railway Jcmmissioners have, after several requests have been mado to them by the National Wool Company of Australia Limited, decided to allow 20 per cent, freight reduction on all wool not exceeding 3 owt. 1 qr. in weight or 23 oubio feet in measurement. Financially, ns well as sooially, the charity ball held in the Melbourne Town Hall last evening in aid of the Austin Hospital for Incur ables was a thorough succoss, anil in consequence there should be n good surplus with which to swell tho funds of a somewhat depleted ex- ohequer. The hall was crowded, amongst those present being his Excellency the Gover nor, who was aooompanied by Lady Hopetoun. The opening set was formed as followe : — Ilia Excellency the Governor danced with the Mayoress, tha Mayor with Lady Hopetonn, Captain White with Mrs. R. Rcid, Commander Pclh&m; with Mra. R. Harper, Captain Floyd with Mrs. HolroyQ, Judge Casey with Lady Benjamin, Dr. Gresswell with Mrs Pclbam, and Mr. Robert Raid with Lady O'Loghlen. The arrangements wero in every way excellent, and reflected muoh credit upon the executive officers, Dr. Gresswell, Dr. J. E. Nihil! and Lieutenant Waters. Herr Plook's band sup- lied the music, and a capital supper wsi pro vided. In the Third Civil Court yeetardsy the cue of tho Quean . tbe Bank of Yiotoria (in liquids- tion) was heard before his Honor Mr. Justice Hood. Tho point nt iesue in this cats is whether certain moneys lodged with tbebankby the Master in Equity in a suit of Ohadwiek r. . Bennett, and amounting to upwards of £29,000, were Government moneys, and to entitled to preference before other creditors. Hie Honor, at tbe olose of plaintiff's oase, intimated that ho understood that the Full Court had, In a some what similar oast, deferred its decision until tbe present ease had been adjudicated upon; but,u there was evidently some iniiundoritandiug, aud he did not feel disposed to give judgment to lead the Full OJurt'o decision, his Honor de- aided to refer tbe ones to the Full Court. Mr. Donnistoun Wood nnd Mr. Box for plaintiff ;. Mr. Higgins and Mr. Moulo, instructed by Messrs. Moulo and Seddon, for defendant bank. A considerable amount of tim was occupied in the Practioo Court yseterdsy, before Mr. Justice Hodges, in hearing an application by tba Law Institute calling upon W. H. llobirti to answer certain affidavits which had been filed. From these it appeared thnt Roberta, who is n solicitor carrying on busineee in Mel bourne, was engaged by tbo late Jamea Guinane to invest certain moneys on his account. Roberta did so, and it woe alleged that he bed received money in respeot to theee investmenti for whioh h. had not aeobunted to the repreien- tativea of Guinane, deoeaaod. The Equity Exseujors and Agenoy Company, as Guinane executors, had repeatedly osllsd upon Kobcrtt for payment, but without auy result, and the extreme meaeure ws taken of bringing the delinquent before the Law Institute! In defence Mr. Roberta said ho was not in a position to P»J the money at the present time, and, while el mitting his responsibility, h# would have ts lake proceedings civilly against former part- nor. His Honor rosorvod his decision- Mr Irvinoapporvred for tho Law Institute, and Mr. AndorBon for Roberts. It has been arranged that tbo unveiling of the memorial to Bishop Perry shall ako place to morrow afternoon in theohanooK>f St. Paul's Cathedral. Tho ceremony wijl be porformqd during tho oourso of tfio afternoon ssrvice, , which oomrpenoea at 4.45. We havo received tho following on behalf of Mrs. Walkor, whoso caso was mentionod in Tuesday's Issue of TA Age as ono of oxtromo destitution A (Stranger, &.; 1 Tolin iii. 17, 2a. 6d.; W. II. K., 2s. 6d. . i Mr. John Hancock tectums this ovenlng pn Stato Socialism In the Yamrfffo Hall. Messrs. Lamb Smith and Co. will hold a sale to day, at Hetdeiborg, qf household furniture, piano, Ac. Thore will bu no organ rocital In the Town II all this afternoon owing to tho hall boing otherwise encaged. Mossrc. W. L. Eallliotj and Co. notify an unre- served sale this day at 11 o'clock of household fur- f niture and effects. Marloy's Ghost is the title of a loot uro to he delivered |n tho Stan ton-street Tahernaclo, Collins- wood, this evening, by the Rev. S. II. Fergusson. A salo of laiid, machinery And buildings will he ; lield by Messrs. .T. W. Styles and Co. this morning, at tho works of tho Metropolitan Brick Company, ; MUclium. ! The committee of the Governesses Instifcuto and Melbourne Home request us to call attention to ; their reduced terms, to be found under board and \ lodging, We aro requested to draw attention to an S mlvortlyoraent rc tho second annua! meeting of tho ; Caroherwell Ladies' Benevolent Socioty, to bo bold ! at the shlro hall, G'amborwoll, to-night, at 8 i o'clock. j The quarterly mooting of membors of the Mel bourne Chamber of Cominerco will bo held at the i hoard room this afternoon, whon tho question of Insolvency Law will he dealt with by Mr. P. P. Phillips. An advertisement clsowhoro states that the ' annual meeting of the City, Suburban and Country t Llconsod Victuallers' Association will bo hold at Poiirlco-streot. ' ' " i Messrs. C. J. and T. Ham advertise for to-day i cottage properties at Raglnn-ptroet, Windsor, In the estate of the late Mr. David Roll ; also, hy instruction of mortgagees, house and grounds, Swiuton, Stmlloy Park, How. ; It is announced that Mr. T, Arkle will oiler at auction, hy order from the liquidators of the Federal Bank, at Mr. Hogan's Gemhrook Hotel, j Pakenhara, at 12 o'clock tomorrow, villa residence ' ' and 32i acres ; also farms from 20 to 100 aoros ; njao | township allotments. i Mr. William lovers, jun., auctfonoor, will sell by auction at the rooms, 239 Collins- street, at 12 | o'clock to-day, brick verandah shop and dwolling, i adjoining brick verandah houso ; land off Bouverio. street, opposite Lincoln:squaru ; also weatherboard house off Madclino-street. A lecture on the Human Voice, the Production And Care of It, will be delivered this ovonlng at 8 o'clock at the Girls1 Lolsure Hour Club room, 140 Russell-street. This is tho first of a fortnightly series of lootuves to girls about to bo given under tho auspices of tho Australian Health Society, 