lly »o means an insignincant feature in tho policy of the l'attoreon Government is its bo cnlloil "sehemo" for- providing tbo farmers of tho 'oGlony with cheap money. . Tho idua embodied is, of course, an attmclivo one, especially, in tho pro vinces—quite tho " sort of', idea, indeed, that n Govornmont which openly preaches a crusudo of country against town' might be expected to adopt. Bub what about tho "scheme" ? Well, tho difllculty is to fbid it. Virtually, tho Government ."schemo" is nou-oxistont. All tbo most rcsoarcbful can do is to discover a not too luminous! hftzo, in which, fltrsugely juinblc'd' up together, are Government debentures nt a otio per cent, promium, savings 1 bank' ibalanccs, a nobulous Stato Bauk noti6n, tboCrodit Fouciersystoin, and a promisol that tbo farmers nro to have monoy lit flvo par cone. This,, up to date, is the Government's " schomo 1" Neither a Uiing of beauty nor a joy for anybody 1 What, thon, - docs tho- Government really intend ? Really, it needs not a. vory lively imagination in order to divine tho answer. Assuming, howovcr, tho' imagination to bo- sluggish, tho ;wholoj thiiig is mado as plain as a piko-stalTby an' innptrad paragraph in 6neof this moniing's j pajKjrs. Tho ingenuousness of it is; charming. Horo it is ' ' ' Bills for taRiatine tho aystein will pro-1 bnbly bo ready- tor ParlUmbnt when R. ineots, .bat the maaflaro it not 'likely loba: pushed through until tho Budget is disposed' of, ns Ministers may elect to go to, .tho country with it should their Badgct pro-, pos&U; incot with auy hostility. ' . ' Afvor this there need bo . very little doubtas to tho Govornmont intentions.' "Cheap mouey for tho farmors " is a goodolcction cry, tln-reforo it is being carefully kopt for oloctiou purjioxes. Tho " schomo " alludod to is aitndapUtton of tho.Orodit Foncior Bvstom, whicli iho Govornmont — its original project ex ploded — is now crcdilod with favoring. But Ministers aro not iu tho faintest dogreo of huiTy nbout it. That is not their littlo game. On tho contrary, tho' project, or rather a promise of it, is to be used as a lovor with which to forco their Budget proposals should Parliament prove unwilling. Meanwhile — well, tlio farmer bad bottcr mako arrangements for getting any advance Iboy want as usual. Tbo Patterson Government will give them words, words, words, until furthor orders. 'Anything moro tbo farmors would be oolish to hope for or expect. \ _ We have with sulUcirnt plainnees in dicated our opiniou that wo do not ooliavo tbo Government to bo sincero in its inbncy-lending project, Tlioro .is just one set of conditions undor which tjbat opinion will bo, nud inoBt cheer fully, abandoned. 'It is easy to state it. liot the Government givo the pubiio a qcbomo, not of -tho liszy and visionary /citid, but complote in dotail. Ijoi it. get closer to its subject, and tiisplay not only a aosiro but somo nbility to grapplo with it. When h dear, explicR/iind' straightforward pro ject it submitted, wo shall bo prepared to givo tho Govornmont credit for good in- tendons; whatovor viow' may on tlio piorits bo taken of the projoot itsolf, Tho pubiio are getting as 'sick and tired of inura dilotlauto trifling ivith Stato finance 113 wo aro. Not ouly that. This frilling has an injuriously disturbing -effect upon the monuy markot. It promotes a condi tion of doubt and uncertainty whicli pnralyaos trade. Mr G. .. D» Carter might to uudorstund that, oven if the Premier (loos, not. It is in viow of this that wo hesitate not to accuse tho Go vornmont of doliboratcly sacrificing tho interests of tho Stato to possible exig encies of its own position. Tho best donial, tho only douial in fact, that can bo given to that statement must take tho form of a plain declaration of a plain policy. The Idea that Frankston Is an un healthy placo, io got buriod in is do- nounced with natural, propor and duly vigorous iudjguution by tho residents of the locality iu public mealing assembled, Tho gaihoriug lust uight was pre sumably a sot-off to tbo ro- cent conforonco of tnunicipul ro- proaontntives hold in tbo Molbourno Town Unll. At this it was derided, on the chairman's casting vote, virtually that tbo hoalth of cnrpHos would bo seri ously impaired if thoy wore buried at Frankston. Mr Mark Youug. told his fellow townsmen lost uight that, " from a sanitary point of viow, tho cemetery site was admirably situated." Ho pointed out " that triul graves dug many years ago still stood inlaot and wore perfectly dry." What moro could any ruosonaklo corpse wish? 'That tho graves aro still where they were dug some years ago anyone who ventures a gallop through tho ferns on tho cemotery ground must quickly diacovor or else run sorious risk of disnstor. It is a picturesque spot altogether, audattiuioa liroly enough for the laostiuorcurial corpso. Any body should bo uontout to bo tucked into iu "lowly bod " inn jdrtcosoponeraliy quiet, - but with un annual brenkintliemouotony of silouco. For it is within sound ' of tho Enstortido reveille, and on. tho sito itself that "tho clattering squadron and tho car" nro wont to form ranks of War for assaults 011 Bald Hill I Tho Frankston pooplo nro not afraid of ghosts walking by niuht, aud apparontly suo some mlvmitagos iu 'having tho mutro. politsn comutery .cstablishod near thsin. Tho main question is reulty one of ox- p«n«o. What would a . funeral, per train, from, say, North Molbourno to Frankston, coat ? Olqsa at,' hand its , tho. prosoiit comotory is, burial chsrgoB-aro hoavy And whsn tho dsosasod is tho brend-wiunsr, to whose memory a grit-f- strickon widow and childron would pay such honors as custom demands, tho orpenso is a eoveto burden just at a .time whon it can ill bo borno. If funeral trains-would mako a chango for economy iu all this, tho Government had bottcr gee tho Frankston sito iu ordor, and mako tho consequential rail way' arrangements with tho least delay. .Tho. nr(ea .-'.available for new in- tonnonts in- tho Melbourno Goneral Csmolory -is.'- now very small. This pnrt'cular "grave quostion" must bo faced beforo corpses got, in uows- j»:iper purlnnco, " crowded out." So far, in, this and in most oilier matters, tho Government in oflico is chaiactorised chiolly by n mastorly procrastination. Anothor daughtor.in revolt. Tho "Well ington brido who vigorously exclaimed, " No, I won't liavo him," when sho woaiexpectcd to boshlully whisper "I will," has ' caused jquito u compre- liensiblo soueation.. iu social circles,; Tho young couplo wlio, wont . all tho way to tho' chiircli ostensibly to bo nmdo ono oro-' Well-known "society" p«oplo in tho, charming 1Tow( Zealand city,- '- Appureuiiy ! tho hitch was an unexpected" oiio, although ono bus-' poets that tho, .brido had hot bcou a very willing parly at any stage of tho proceeding. 8ho' probably yielded to prcsguxo up to a 'certain point, but ulti- matoly summoned up courago cnougb to revolt — at tho altar, it is true, but beforo it was too. late. '-/The roporl states that her father " roiuonstratcd," yet that un- dutiful daughtor, as some ridiculous paoplo would call her,; persisted in her spirit' of mutiny. "What has our contributor " Rita," whoso remarks of lost woek nro being so warmly criticised, to: say in u '.casa1 of this kind ? Wo are afraid sho would, be on the sido of the fair bride. And, -.now. that we think- of it, our own 'sympathies ' run' innoh' tho SAino way. - Hqaveri . knows,, tho list of. uiistakou marriages is long- enough. Parents ' who, ', to- gain some ' reel or apparent social "advantages, would murry off thoir children irrespective of such con siderations as lovoV'or evun inclination, deservo to lutye revolts in thoir house holds. 