CATHOLIC ttOOTRINE AND PAPAL DOGMA. ? ; ? *- ? SECOND DISCOURSE BY THE REV. S. BEYANT. The second discourse of the above ecriesof sermcni was delivered at Fre- man'tle last Sunday, Nov. 11. The Eev. b. Bryant took up thfrchum of Roman Catholics, that theirs is the only time Church, and that to remain outside of its pale is to imperil . one's salvation. He showed that so long as it held to tnat intolerant posiuon inere coma oe no peace between the Papal Church and other Christians. Strife was deplorable, but surrender would be shameful. FroteBtonts held that the admission of Papal claims would be treachery to Christ. The claims of the Papacy to exclusive authority was based upon its unity and its apostolicity. Christ pray ed that his people might be one. From' several passages of the'New Testament, . the preacher tried to prbve that the ideal unity of Christians was belief of the same essential truths, the common pos session of -Christ's Spirit, and obedience to the onQ.head- Jesus Chriefe. ChrJBt, not the_ Popo(-wa8 tb-:S^ep&erd;; ; Jtke. mystio pr#Bence;_ of the Redeemer amongst his servants iB the true fold ; jnot *to ec*le6Ja«tiCBfl enclosure. So. janBwer to tteEonmn Catholic boaat of absolute unity of doctrine, it was shows that this was only possible where the right of private enquiry was given up, and men were content to accept a form or a creed apart from intelligent belief or conscientious conviction. Truth re ceived intelligently and heartily, not blind acceptance of a form of words or a system of doctrines, was necessary to salvation. The unity of the Church of Rome was signified by the identity of its services in all lands ; but the first Churches had not all the same forms ; they differed according to the places where they were established. If any language were meant to be universal in divine worship, it is as more probabla that Greek or Aramaic would be the sacred tongue, not Latin. On tho pointof submission to one visible head, the Roman Pontiff, it was shown that such an organization was foreign to the New Testament ideal of a Church, whose ' bi3hop3 ' were leaders in their respective congregations, and overseers, and disclaimed any right of lordship. If they hod successors in ttese times, they would rather be foun' amongst the pastors and ministers of separata congregations, than in the Vatican, ov . enthroned in a Cathedral, or in a Bishop's palace. ' The title of Supreme Pou^iff was derived from pagan Rome, and indicated that the magnificence of the Papacy was' more in kaeping with that ideal of power,, than with on« lonely Galilean, and the fisherman who were called to b i His apostles. Undeir tho head of Apostoikal Succession .upon which Roman Catholicism based its claim, it was contended that in affirnt!. in? its ability to trace the descent of the Bishops of Rome without break from St. Peter, as necessary to the exclusive authority of the Papal Church, would be a perilous position were it noli that the two frowning ramparts raised, in its defence the theory of deliberate ' falsification of histoiy, ' and Papal infallibility. There are good rcasona for believing that Peter spent some time in Rome before he was martyred there, but it could not be proved that he ever was Bishop of liome ; the tradi tion that he spent 20 or 25 years there, was ' void of all authority.' If Apos tolical Succession, by an unbroken chain of delegated authority, weri essential to a true Church, its existence was very doubtful. If sacred authority could only reach over days through thi Bishops of Rome, nothing short of :\ perpetual miracle could keep it pur.i and intact, but what ground was ther* for that dogma, ? St. Peter had no powefr beyond the other apostles. The Roma*' Catholic exposition of the passage refer, ring to the ' rock end the keys/' is more than faulty in its eregeBis, and lino Imnyi A/i/\\}n*oA Vtrr onmmckijini scholars ' a parody of the sacred text,' To build upon such a foundation th« vast fabric- of Papal supremacy wasi fnarvel of perverse ingenuity. Yet upon such grounds were tlie Greek, tht Coptic, the Abyssinian, the. Anglican, and other ancient branches of the Church Catholic branded with heresy, tho validity of their orders was in sultingly denied, and millions of be» lievers in Jesus Christ, who humbly strove to follow Him were hardly allow ed the possibility of salvation. Christ's test of a tree by. its fruit did not v sub stantiate Papal claims to sole authority over Christendom. The divisions of the non-Catholic Churches under many tit' ( s and forms were a standing proof ivith the Papacy of their heresy and error. ' How are we to find the one truo Church amongst 250 sects ?' In reply, Mr! Bryant regretted, with many lenders of modern Church movements, the needless divisions of the Church into so many denominations; but in the great majority of coseB these divisions were nominal, and affected only certain minor questions of interpretation or discipline. Roman Catholics . were much mistaken in supposing that other Churches regarded each other with tho intolerance of tlfe Papal Church. Nearly all were agreed- upon essentials, mem bers of one Churcli readily passed on to a sister Church, without changing their creed or losing their status ; ministers worked togtther in brotherly rivalry, n.n-1- nftAii fiw-him'trBd- for lonffer ov shorter periods. These divisons, in the ni∈ were diversities of operation by the One Spirit. All evangelical Christ ians were at one in ho'ding Christ at the Head ; they cordially welcomed each other as members of the body of Christ, 'lhey resented any attempt to fasten upon them the intolerance and bigotry .which led to strife and ex-' communication. The New Testament picture of Christian societies meeting for worship and for observing the or diances of Christ's appointment, was a' striking contrast to, or a contradiction lot' a hiaraicMcal -organisation, whose head was crowned -with a triple tiara, and whose Cardinals were princes ; an 'organisation that lorded it over men's consciences, grasped at State money and temporal power, and had an army of subordiates implicitly obedient to the orders of their superiors. The verdict concerning the one only Church of Christ one a th could be left to the judgment of those who believed the New Testament was a divine record given us by Christ and his apostles. The world was growing daily to a more profound faith in the life and teachings Of Jesus Christ, but was shaking itBelr free from ecclesiosticism ; with larger knowledge of Christ, and fuller life in - Him,- the Kingdoms of this world would begbrriD His Kingdom which is ' right- ? eotiune&s; andpeaceand joy in the Holjr . , Ghost.' ? 