ENNUI AND THE OPIUM-PIPE A CHINESE VIEW. ' Temple Bah." I let the idle hours slip by, and smoked opium. , This will be considered a damag ing avowal, an enormity. My friends the missionaries will give me a sad glance and pass by. My staid comrades of the steel pen and the steel pen-coat will say they didn't expect this of me, and re luctantly give me the cold shoulder. But what is the good of daring to exercise your own judgment if you are to conceal the results » My judgment was this : Smoking a pipe of poppy is a slow and painful, I should say pleasant, ■ process. It is painful when it gives you the stomach-ache and the cramp - in your under-elbow; when you have to hold your hand over a lamp for half an hour, and then at the propitious moment seize a cumbrous hit of bamboo which won't go into your mouth; or when it is being fed by an individual interested in the amount you consume, and whose only consideration is that you shall become addicted to it, and a regular1 customer, with the ruin of your immortal sonl into, the bargain. But when you want to drag out the hours in laziness and not ennui; when your only object is to do as the Bouian does, for a brief moment I snatched from the years of routine ; when you are well posted in the statistical fact I that it takes months of regular nips to make you a mere novice in its slavery, and positively venture to think for your self and see that it hooks on only to poor effete Asiatics, who have- taken no exer cise in their lives and have no possible way of getting through the livelong day unless they drown themselves ; then you are not afraid to do it. "When a man has got books and cigars, work and ambi-" tion, lusty lungs and legs aching for exercise, is he a fair subject to succumb to the superior attractions of an un deniably uncomfortable attitude in a dingy room, over a very laborious pipe, that gives von one whiff for ten minutes hard labor with thejtreaclc ? For a China man I venture to corroborate the view that physically it's not snch-a bad thing after all. Book at his environment. -.'No exercise." No papers. No "books." No music. No wife, in the' Sympathetic sense. • No dogs. No cartridges to make. ' No billiards. No •' whisky. * No fire side. No easy-chair.; Cliihamen have I wrestled with this ennuyeur. con dition with all the subterfuges" of pro- [ traction tbat the most ingenious inven- j tion could suggest. They have a theatre" that lasts for five hours, and then sends them home dead, or at least deaf; but as men's lives are almost as limited as a cat's, they ain't stand it more than once a week. . They spread their meals over two or three-hours, and cook them so excellently that they are fur from sur feited; but with the aid of the melon seed, another ingenious discovery of pro traction, can "go on eating in the interval until the next meal comes round. They have novels and pamphlets that have been known to take six generations from the Conqueror downwards to get through; in these cases the family generally dies out with the mau who sees where the title couies in. They have a pipe that holds one whiff, and has to he cleaned out and refilled for the next, and instead of matches, a blotting-paper spill which has to be scientifically blown for two minutes before it inflames. They have roads crowded with every conceivable stumbling-block in the shape of unlevel paving stones, holes, and cuttings, that go round instead of across every field or grave that can by any conceivable stretch of imagination touch, like the canal at Kaotzn, that traverses a mile in fifty direct yards, for fear the water should rnn away too fast and disappear. But the most brilliant and successful device was the opium-pipe. Anyone can go and swallow a handful of the drug, or drink off a bottle of its cauooction, aud ldll themselves in five minutes; or you qan take it in pills and kill yourself in a year. But here you have a means of ruining the liuiug of your stomach and your purse, of estrungingall your friends aud relations, of holding yourself up as a blotch and abhorrence to the calm self satisfied horizon of philanthropic beer swiggers, aud of providing a swoollen revenue to a hated foreigner and an iu capable government, and yet drag along in your .misery and enjoyment with redoubled energy for years and years! Little could that wag of a wandering quack have expected to produce such stupendous results when he hobbled along hawking his poppy-juice tobacco as anew aire for the dysentry i ; A. Chilwell young man who is fresh to a degree that surpasses endurance, and who persists in talking ail the time there is anybody in sight, went out for the even ins: one nightlast week, and met a girl from" Newtown. Although the young man' talks continually, he occasionally uses.sotae very bad English. One fault is particularly glaring. He . invariably saysX done it" for " I did it," and, as he is continually talking about himself, he makes this mistake many times in the course of air hour. He engaged the New town girl in. conversation, and told her -some fairy tale about something or other that had happened to him. "When lie got through she expressed surprise that such a tlriug' cou'd' happen, and asked hill], " DM yon really do all that?" " I done it," replied the young man proudly. Then ho branched into another romance. This was even more startling than the first. The girl from Newtown listened patiently, and, when he bad finished, politely expressed her great, astonishment. "Why," she said, "can it lie possible that you did anything so wonderful?" "That's what I done." replied the young man, chucking oat his chest as he math; the remark. The great success of his two stories spurred liiiu to other efforts, and he recited another condensed novel for the benefit of the girl from Newtown. When lie had finished, the girl said, " Oh, do you know, you remind me so strongly of Bnnquo's ghost?" "You mean the ghost in the Shakespeare play ? " inquired flic young man in a hesitating sort of way. "Yes." "And why?" "Don't you remember wliat Macbeth said to him, 'Thou canst not say I did it ?' " And uutil this day the young man does not know why every body laughed. 