? HARKING BACK, Arras the war of 1870 the intolerant spirit of the early Beformers revived in Germany. The Catholics displayed as much patriotism and courage in the -straggle as their Protestant fellow-countrymen, and their sacrifices for the common cause were quite at great; hut all,,that was forgotten to ihnr 'disadvantage. Among the non- combatants who attended to the sick and wounded none were more numerous than they, and none more tireless or devoted in their attentions; but that, too, was forgotten. Flushed with the pride of victory, which they alone had not won, the Protestants con. ceived the idea that it would be a fine thing to crown it with the humiliation of Catholics, who had fought side by aide with them as comrades, and had shared in all the trials and dangers of the campaign. And so commenced the persecution which later on was known as the Culturkampf. In October, 1871, the Protestant Union of Darmstadt passed a resolution declaring it the bounden duty of all German Protestants and of the whole German nation to bring about the expulsion of the Jesuits from the German Empire. In 1872 the Beiohstag assed a bill for the expulsion of the Sesuits, and that was bat the beginning of a legislation whose, object was to subject the. Church completely to the power of the State. The law of banishment was extended to the Bedemptorists, the Lazarists, the Fathers of the Holy Ghost,, and the Society of the Sacred Heart. All religions were excluded from the publio schools; the tolerated Orders were put under police inspection and, harassed by the most vexations regulations, and where the Government could find a pretext their houses were closed and their property confiscated. And so in different forms the persecution went on till, Bismarck seeing the futility of it for the purpose intended, and that instead of weakening it was strengthening the Catholic Church, he went to Canossa. The first of these penal enactments,: and| almost the last that remains in force, is now about to be cancelled. The Jesuits will very soon be allowed to retnrn to the country, and " as yon were" will become the position of German Catholics. It would perhaps be a little premature just at present to. count up all; the consequences of the persecution, as some vestiges of the' powers the intolerants acquired still re. main to Ahem, and yet one is tempted to ask what Protestantism has gained by it. This, fruits of it to them are; failure, humiliation and shame, and with that the mortification of seeing: that the Catholic spirit has been refreshed and invigorated,, that the Catholics of.the. etaptfe, are., more solidly united than theywerebefore the visitation, and that Catn,olio int6reits are in all respects in a really prosperous condition. And whilethatis the case German philosophy or Rationalism has. i been withering the. faith of its educated members, and that of .Its humbler professors is .feeing wreckedby the doctrines of the socialist •nd anarchist. The right pun of those who kindled the fire is shortened, While they Who passed through it are. un< injured. UsuiUiY people who INVITATIONS DX- go to law<re pre CLIRBD. pared to p&Y; for the . luxury, but in two notable case* of the kind the public •re asked to defray the cost. In exceptional instances there might be some excuse for such arequest, but in those to whioh we refer there is redly none. That there Was mismanagement of the railways under Mr. S peight there oan be no doubt, but it is no lets certainfrom the evidenoe in the reoent casethat then was mueh exaggeration in the .comments of the the»e were influenced by rsonal and party feelings. The quarrel Kttibegitmfng toenfl'Wasfor&hemost; put condnctedon party lines,andit still remains a question of party interests, ap, far as the prinelpsl parties io it are eonoerned. Bntthe community at large are not divided on the subject as party leaders and party organs are. A few prominent Liberals who have notdeserted the Age since it became half Conservative arpendeavouring, but.vainly, to.workup a publio feeling in its favour, but the mlt bulk of; the Liberal party, whose faith in that journal is mnchvmkened, 4o*ot sympathise with the effort.and «onsM«ently are heedless ofthe call that as made upon them. They see that (he •ptrit in wttoh they are appealed to is alike (factitious and fictitious, and they refawfcipayfor tfcs«nterta»nmsnt thus afforded them, as it was got up with th* object of deceiving thetn. Much thi same thitig inky be said of fhe jeconq appeal thW has beeii inaite tb them- Not^itju tindine ^thie fine things said about $r. Speight, his nase. was token npbyvp*rty for,,party purposes. He is the hero «f a clique who, m (Struggling for. his ^vindication, ace only intent upon securing a triumph for themselves.Evidantly this'is obvious to theCosservatire body throughout the country, for they hare reftised to dfHice to the mdftic by which they were to be charmed but of their money. The UpnghV testimonial has fallen almost jas. flat as the Iwgus "natiohkl" one, andat this no. impartial person cw -be surprised, for at each aide there were grave faulti, and the public interests were the last thing thought of, and the least considered. It was really a fight between two individuals and their backers—between the plaintiff, Speight, and the defendant, Syme, as the principals, and a¥ the game. Was confined to two rival nests of disputants, the public are acting -very wisely in declining to pay for the sport. WHEN we were told not DIBTY long since that Pro- &BPOBH8S0.; testantism was early Christianity, with a clean face the explanation was a little puzzling to us. At it Was .noyel, and. had come from people for whom we entertain none but kindly feelings, we bestowed upon it some consideration. Bat that did not help usva bit, for we could .not understand how the essence of a} thing could be changed by separating from it anything that had become accidentally attached to it, and was foreign to it. That was our first difficulty; and we had to give it up, Next the Washing process engaged oiir attention, and we natiirally inquired by whom it had been performed. Then came a surprise when we discovered, that it had been undertaken by very, .questionable characters with very dirty hands. Our difficulty ended there, for we perceived that our 1 friends had been indulging in what the Archbishop of Melbourne would be apt to describe, with characteristic good natutc, as another " historical joke." We are reminded of their playfulness in that case by what the StafforjUkire Advertiter—KL .English paper—thus! say s of awhilom anti- Popery:lecturer who inhis,day stood .up stoutly for the Protestant cause — -Magfa-^ototBi'.atifitewfnghiimrdiBa on aturday.' STWrty ye|rg> ago. he.wtt. chamion light-weight ,"ho*er pl-SnglaQd, and ecame a pnblioan. fie-esponsed the cause f MarpbT,tbeanti-Gatholioleetnrer, whose visit to Birmingham in 1<$7 Jted to the amous Muq>nj,ripjf. „ .Boha^ta wasj^ttaoked n his honie hyanumber of Irishmen, one of whom ha.«hpt d^adrandfor. {bis,ihe, was tried On a chaise pf .manslaughter, bat acquitted. In 1878;keVaBient*nced to twelve, months' imprisonment for perjury, Several .yean later he • identified himself with religions, tjtfqjppm,, and •rent about the Country preaching. At WoiMBter.iu.<*as<:amigned< on a charge of bigatey, hat ^wwjv (waited- .'.'Later' H. in, *; J>rwh ;,of promise oase, u whieh it was shorn he had ^wMtooBgh a^<Mjk marriage with a Hiss $8600, whioh was en-appeal reduced by kaU. . •.•••„•>;; The intimate association there is between dirt and Pro^efteut.,championship of really very Mmarkahle. '.The 'f Escaped Nun' of the/draggledi reputation is tiot the onlv example of the kind. Hen like the perverts Murphy, .and Chiniquy and. .othmi -. like Roberts bear the stamp , of Ijeipg .her .taie brothers. With dirty hinds they all undertake ihe wathiog prooess. just as did the «hief Befortaers of the aixteenth oenUiry, «nd thus present tothe world a speotatile at whirfi Wigels may weep, but men only, laugh, . are bejgiu^ trho DioKiTi endpavour to •ppport their AHD ' DIGU^^ANY OT^ 'THEY zvpsM. ivia'iilot aak for alms, Wt aksistanoe ^ would : . very * welcome, bking much .needled. And ttydungyou n»ay offer them is gladly,«H»l>ted, ^oiagh not with bated 'bmth <or 4n the siiritof patoperism. Ai |'|^x>jEiiiBpd. . sup, or a reward of meritt ^eur'beggarof: that desertptton it Mat very small coin indeed wibeh ihere iaiiD lakger fortheoming. AU Iie'Veqtiins 'is tnathisdignityshBll not'bcli^mndhe Aiders oomptliaaoe withUa iwiahes an easy matter. If it «^,] diii{hible to hdmour him, that fr ao additional <«aet. But to ' ^rtay • ibis beggar part sueeessfulbi -or in other is necessary. Hidden co-operation is also very useful,Jai Credentials or testimonials "'to character may be thus obtained without the inconvenience of earning them. The equipment is complete when a feW people, not unfavourably known .to thepublic*, are induced toJend themselves to the tnck, for thep a subscription list may be opened with sums that would be respectable if they were not fictitious. In a small way tricks of this kind have , come under the notice of most people who do not go through the world with their eyes half closed. Bigger frauds of the kind are also occasionally met with; but one of the magnitude now before the publio is very seldom organised. Its origin and its progress are recorded in the JJ^v, and in the false pretences of the beggar who at any cost will preserve his dignity there is nothing more hollow or audacious. Where and how the " National Testimonial " oame into existence is as well understood as the origin of the dirty testimonial which householders are so often asked to read by begging impostors. The hand- by whom the "national" stamp was put upon it was as visible from the first as a well-grown elephant is at twelve yards distance. There has been too much cleverness in the whole thing. It has been overdone, and so was undone very speedily after its initiation. And hence the beggarly response that has been made to the petition. A few fools have been caught in the snare, but to the public generally the effort to get at their pocket has only been amusing. What they have to thank the Age for people of common sense do not even ask themselves, for it never occurred to them that, so long as they paid 6d. weekly for it, they owed that journal anything, its politics being dictated by the political leanings of its proprietor, which are as shifty and unreliable as the interests of party or favoured individuals require. The publio good and its pocket ever and always meant the same thing, and the only disappointments which were ever a pain to it were those in which it discovered that, in pursuing both ends, it failed n that, which was nearest to^its heart, as in the case ofthe recent great railway suit. We should be sorry to counsel Irishmen to be vindictive to an enemy, or to hinder them from doing good to those that hate them, for that exercise of i charity is the truly heroic. If they wUh. to cultivate the virtue in this instance a a truly saintly spirit they may onfidently hope for a rich reward; for they may be certain that when it suits its book the Badical journal will repay them with revilings as bitter as those which they cannot forget. If they wish to fawn upon a relentless •pemy of, their creed and country and to raise up his strength by their gifts, they might thus affoed-others a striking example of forgiveness and humility ;i but we are afraid that only to the few lect who aim at perfection, and are within a hair's breadth of reaching it, would the example : be very edifying. ITAX,Y and Belgium af- BADICAL ins- ford' striking examples GOVEBNHBHT. of what may be expected from the adoption of Badioal and masonic rule in the one case, and its avoidance in the other. The grave Btate of affairs which has been brought about in Italy by the Revolutionary forces which control the Government is illustrated by oppressive : taxation, an empty treasury, and a popular revolt against the authority ofthe State., That,indeed,is a very; impressive example, of the effects of Badical xnisgov^roment; but still more may be learned from the good re. suits whioh have followed its avoidence. Up to 18{84: the so-called .party of progrew enj ojed a long lease ofpower, but its ezyoyment was altogether «oo fined to those who exercised and abuied it, and they belong to that alass of reformers who mostpro^table^'th^nwlves. f^p'totbe jtimp thfey were "f^uhdout" and driven from 'offlce for t'heir misuf^nagement of thb country.'* aSaus, therp was a yearly in6re^lng .ppdget deficit, and inthe sine or ten years whioh haw <ainoe *elapaed there has <been, with aoaroeljr an exceplion. a yearly increasing. surplus under the management of a government whioh impartially respects ihe fights of all Classes, and ^jealously guardi their religious freedom. The Bowftiiy Catholic Jfaamner thus faraiiiUi particulars pidh' moat conclusively bear out that M'wtion lTh« Catholic Minister of Fiaanae by miclent < eoonomy bA tte belanoe on the ot ler side of thtf aeooU&t; land at tiieearns tim hi i^apsa^inirtooltUatfon. Foilbs To ur yeaHendiM'inlBSd UMrewasaaortlris of 'Op flf^Hwemillion trahei ipji^ and a qaarter millions, and for 1891 the eorplus, which had been estimated at three miOiofas, was in reality 7,600,000 franbg. For the finsooial year ending SIM Ootober, 1698, it was ahtioipattd that the excess of receipts over expenditure would be from two to two and a half millions, whereas the actual carping is neatly six and a quarter millions, and it fa expeoted that next year's statement will show a credit balance of about ten millions. These satisfactory results have been accomplished withbnt any sacrifice ofeffioiency in the pablio service. In various branches of the' administration, especially in the POB( Office and railways, the Government have done much to improve the condition of their employlt by a reduction in the hours of labour ana a substantial increase in their salaries. But the zeal of the Badical reformers is not discouraged by their own failure and the success of others. Out of office they are impatiently thirsting for the oppor. tunity of effecting the great and glorious ends which they iguominiously failed to accomplish in office. When power was in their hands they signalised their love of liberty by imposing disabilities on Catholics .in the matter of education, and now that power is in other hands they prove their unfitness for it by plotting against the Government and fomenting public disturbances. They are discontented, as they have not the liberty to do as they like, however that privilege might frffect others, and this, all the world over, from antipodes to anti* podes, is the liberty for which Badicals and Socialists of every hue are eagerly striving. They want to reform the world in their own way, regardless of all opposition, and insist upon their right to trample on the rights of others in their triumphant progress. But it would be a sorry day for mankind that these stupid, impetuous, and roughshod reformers got the upper hand. A PROLONGED civil BEVOLUTIONABY war engenders the BXCB88ES. very worst passions of hitman nature. When brothers fall out their enmity is apt to become fierce and relentless. The estrangement is unnatural, and so likewise are the consequences of it in too many cases, as the evil Spirit of Cain has not jet been chained. In civil War he has full sway, with shocking results. la connection with the Brazilian insurrection we learn from, an, Age telegram that " the feeling between the Loyialists and the insurgents is. of the bitterest, and no mercy is shown," and in Argus messages it is stated that "the Government forces have bombarded a hospital belonging to the insurgents at Entuadas, killing 12 of the patients," and that the insurgent commander, Tavares, beheaded all the Loyalist prisoners he had taken." Thus all. the laws of civilised warfare aw set aside, and on both sides the combatants are committing savage excesses. The Divine likeness is lost in them, and in all but outward appearance they resemble infuriated wild beasts. The excesses reported are horrible, but they are not unprecedented. Prolonged civil war has always aroused the worst passions of brntalised human nature, and is productive of evil consequences from which a nation that has gone through the fiery Mai Cannot ope to recover for years. Yet this is the state of things which the Unionists would be glad to see in Inland, and which they are straining every nerve to bringabout. The sad history of that country would deter them from such a wicked design if they oared anything for it or for its people apart from the base uses to which they are put in the interests of England generally, and of the land propnetors and capitalists more especially. WB do not know Mr. ZBB OBDOB Gedge, but we sympathise IHQUIBY. with him as an illused Individual. He was stationmaster at Pnhran at the timaof the Windsor disaster, and he was dismissed from the service -on the groqnd Abat he was in some way'responsible for that occurrence. The faots of the oase led the publio to a different conclusion, the prevailing opinion being that th« unfortunate mim had been made a scapegoat by the department. We now learn that the Ministry sore about to consider the merits "of ids base, bat we oannot understand wfoy anything of the kind > nMessanr. ! Afihe close 0f last sessvon of Parliament a select eon. mitfee of the Legislative AssemUy bright up a KportexooeratingM*uLd *H'Mb#rjwas not Uttlnanydohbt g ' to *!* opinio of thT^HouS -/the subject. It was made verv %j»toent thatltwas almost una^moudV 'jbiavour of the finding «3ofMp ( Gedge. Bat Mr. Patterson declared in effect that he would beep&.tight grip of the public purse, and would not. pay Mr;. &edge; a penny if he could help it. There are questions upon which the Premier can 'preserve an inflexible attitude, and «ne of these is when a wronged civil servant who can do hiin no harm is at his mercy, and the honourable gentleman's backbone seemed in this Distance as rigid «s a poker. .No one who saw or heard him .gpubted b.ut that he had made up his mind to disregard the report altogether if he could do so; knd, if not, to satisfy the claim in a parsimonious spirit. He made it plain that he intended to get out of the difficulty as cheaply as possible, and that, we are inclined to think, is what may be looked for from the review of the evidence which the Government is now about to undertake. But what a farce it is to 'appoint special commissions if the Government may. so. easily dispose of their recommendation as it pleases! Of what practical value are inquiries, if the Ministry of the day is at liberty to ignore their conclusions even against the with of Parliament P To appoint them is very like playing a farce if the decision finally rests with the Premier of the day, or even the Cabinet. That is the arbitrary course which Mr. Patterson marked but for himself, and the one he is likely to take, but if it should happen that Mr. Gedge is denied compensation, or is but inadequately indemnified for the injustice he has suffered, his case will, we hope, be heard of once more in Parliament; for it is of much importance that not even in the smallest matter shall any individual suffer injustice at the hands of the State 