tee farm and garden. As the general prunitig jfrubeeds, the wood from allAhe best, strongest aDd most productive ^ines should be carefully saved and made into cuttings for future planting. Every vineyard Bhould have its nursery or bed for growing the cuttings, and in this way a considerable saving will be made, as it is necessary every kumm'ehto fill up more or,less Vfican'bieR or failures! in the vineyard-, and ltt addition one oan know exactly the character and variety of the grape grown. Never by any means allow the wood from in ferior vines to be made up into cuttings, as like will produce like, and it will be difficult, if at all possible, to grow good stock from weak or unhealthy parent vines. In addition to the ordinary cuttings to be planted in the open rrrnnmk the vine can be r.'jiHilnronnrrn.tp.rl from single eyes or buds, and this mode ot pro pagation is particularly valuable when it is de sired to increase rare and Taluable varieties. By this means a greater number t>£ plants can be produced from a given quantity of wood than by any other mode. Vines so propagated contain just enough of the parent plant to ensure a healthy growth, but not enough to transmit disoase, and as a small amount of wood is used it allows o£ a large number of cuttings being started in a small space, single budf) are always started in seod pans or box<js, filled with pure sand, and placed in a hotbed t>r heated frame ; a section of the cane is cut li inches long, with bud in centre-, and then pressed into the sand Close together, covering them not more than y\ inch deep. They will strike root mUtth quicker than open ground cuttings, and thus have more timo for increasing and ripening their growth the first season. AH varieties of the prape, including the most difficult American kinds, mav be easily propagated in this way. The right application of manure is indispen Bible to tho successful fanner. To help him in this important matter, the following interesting infoination on the choice and use of artificial manure is given by Mr P.B.Guthrie, chemist to the department of Agriculture, in tho Agricul tural Gazelle of new New South Wales. In connection with the rational application of artificial manures, we have tho following points to consider: 1. What are the chemical require ments of the different crops? 2. In how far do our soils supply these requirements? 3. In what direction are they to be assisted by manure 1 In the first place, with regard to the require ments of the different cultivated crops. A very superficial observation is enough tc show us that the food required by differcnl plants must vaiy considerably. What these npccial requirements are v,-e will now proceed tc examine mora in detail for cach class of crop Wheat.—The quantities of tho diil'ereiv fertilising ingredients removed from thero an as follows :—These, and similar figures witl regard to other crops, are taken from Waring ' ton's Chemistry, and refer to English condit 1 ions. If the figures hero given as the averag : weight of the crop appear too large to ou farmers, all I can sav is that there is no reaso: why we should not produce crops of the sa.ni average weight. These crops were obtained b. the proper and scientific application of manure on the lines I am advocating, and there is no the slightest reason Co doubt that we can obtai the same results by the application of the sun principles. A wheat crop of 30 bushels gram t the acre weights about 5,0001b., or somethin over 2 tons of grain and straw, and rcmovi from the soil during the period of its growt •101b. nitrogen, 21b. phosphoric acid, and 2911 potash. The wheat crop depends practical! entirely upon the soil for its nitrogen, eo tin for the whole of t he above quantities of food tl wheat is dependent upon the .supplies existii in the soil. Now 481b. nitrogen ic equivalei I roughly to about .00;! per cent.. as indicated 1 analysis in a soil of average weight 0 inch deep. This quantity is very much loss than tl a jerage percentage of nitrogen in our ooi I Which is quite '1 per cent. That means that i tho nitrogen in the soil were immediately avail able the poorest Soil Would contain abuudanci of it for a succession of several crops. But tin wheat-crop does not appear to be capable o! utilising the soil-nitrogen to its full extent, consequently the application of soluble nitroger manures is particularly beneficial to it and the other cereal crops. The same remark* apply tc phosphoric acid and potash. . Twenty-one pounds phosphoric acid represent about; "001 per cent, phosphoric acid in a soil of average weight-and depth. This quantity is present, 10 tinies ovep. even iu poor soils, as is •002 per cent, potash, the quality represented by 291b. potash, required by th« plant. If'then, it were possible t- convert the plant-food in the soil into an-u,vails?ble form at.the times that the plant can make use of them, the necessity for manuring of any sort-would be done away with. One reason why nitrogenous manures are par-' ticularly beneficial, lies in the fact that the period of tho activo growth of tho wheat-plant ceases:before the period wheii ntitrification is most active. During the summer and early autumn certain organisms are active within the soil, by the action oi .which the soil nitrogen is converted into nitrates. Nitrates are exceedingly soluble salts, and particularly adapted for supplying the wheat crop witn nitrogen, but their formation com mences after "the crop has ceased its active growth, and they are , washed away from the surface soil before the 'succeeding crop can make use of them. Wheat thrives best in soils of moderate stiff ness, and does better in a moist soil than most Cereals. In a moist climate it is sa;'d to' do better , on a light than on a heavy soil., '' It is A Usual, pfapiibe tO grow a^roqt i;rop, especially turnips, before wliisah During; the growth of the turnip crop, nitrogen is stored up in tho soil, and the roots tap more especially the lower strata of tho soil. Lime is an essen tial ingredient in wheat lands, but the manures which are especially beneficial are nitrogenous ones. It is generally admitted that nitrate of soda is the most effective form of manure. Sulphur of ammonia, is however, considerably cheaper with us, and on that account- will be our moat effeative fertilise!'. The cheapest method of applying nitrogen to the soil is'by means of what is known as green manuring. Leguminous crops, such as cow-pea or cloveri haVe the power of utilising the nitro gen pfeSent in the air iti a ttlahilet we shall go into more fully later 011. When such a crop is allowed to f»row until its period of active growth ceases—thai is, until it flowers—and then ploughed in, not only are the fertilising in gredients which it has abstracted from the soil returned to it, but the land is further enriched by an additional supply of nitrogen. The nitro gen in this form is not in such a soluble con dition as the nitrogen In sulphtit,p of ammonia, In cases wiicie iv — - — -I ^;vp r\np: and will be found of great value in improving the l land, for, in addition to the direct supply of nitrogen, the decay of the crop within the Eoil producas a store of humus, and exercises a solvent action upon the other soil ingredients, hastening the natural decomposition of the soil, and benefiting it both chemically and mechanic ally. The crops best suited for the purpose are such leguminious crops as mature quickly, and do not occupy the land for any length of time anq.are otherwise of no great value aa crops. Wheat occupies tile ground for a much longer period than other cereals, sueh as oats find barley, and removes rather a larger pro portion'of soil constituents. It is, therefore, a somewhat exhausting orop. The besi manures for wheat in the so.il of iverage quality iS an autumn manuring of fine tione dust and dried blood, about 3cwt. per acre, followed by a top dressing in the spring of a mixture 2cwt. superphosphate, and l^cwt. iulphate of ammonia per acre , or instead about 3<j\vt. of a good phosphoric guano. This spring dressing it is best and most economical to apply in two portions, the first, when the young plants begin to shoot, and the remainder at a somewhat later stage. If the above quantities ire all applied at once, a large proportion would aot be immediately utilised and would be cashed away and lost. By applying it in two separate portions the fullest benefit is obtained. Nitrogenous manure should not be applied at i late staee of the nlant's growth. On land rich in liinc an autumn treatment of Jcwt.: superphosphate per acre is soinetimfeS re :ommended instead of the bone dust. Do not use the nitrogenous manures in quan tities much larger than those recommended ibove as too much nitrogen is injurious caus ing a tendency in the plants to become too green md to " lay," but mineral manures alone are aot of much benefit unless a sufficiency of nitrogenous matter be addod. Iu no ease is it intended that the manuring iere suggested is to Bupplant farm-yard manur ing. Where such is at hand or can be readily md cheaply obtained, let it be the stable rtianiije. tt Is of perlllaneht bebefit to th6 Soil. JTor some crops, however, it doss not contain the particular ingredient which they require in sufficient quantity, whilst it contains other ingredients which they do not require, and wliicn are consequently wastsu. xue uiilmhiuul manures here in question are intended to Biipplebient it where It- is Used. Maize prefers light porous sandy loams, atid does not do so well upon stiff clay soils. It is i gross feeder arid needs heavy manuring. . Rye accommodates itself to lighter and drier soils ; in fact, the poorest soil is usually con sidered good enough for rj'e. The presence of lime is not of so much importance as with wheat. Barley requires a light fortilo soil, warm and fr$h.blB, and grows moijb strongly, ahd pfoduces the largest crofis on land well tilled and heavily manured. If, however, the grain i» grown for malting purposes, the application of nitrogenous manures is to bo avoided, us the grain produced by such treatment contains a large proportion of nitrogenous matter, which injures, the keeping qualit/iei^ of th'e beer, the Bt&t-oh; in tnb grain beihg likewise diminished. Oats thrive best in a damp climate and moist soil, with n, moderate summer temperature. They contain considerably more potash in the straw than the other core ila. The m&uuring; ljecommeuded In the 'case <of wheat Applies mbrtJ or leas to iill the Cefeuis. They ate all especially benefited by the applica tion of nitrogenous manures. The autumn manuring may consist of farm yard manure, dried blood, and bone dust or super-phosphate, with a spring top-dresting of super-phosphate and sulphate of ammonia, to bo applied in two proportions, a« already indi t&tedi; . . , . . ,i . I All soluble and concentrated chemical man' urea should first be mixed with about three times their weight of dry loam before they are applied to the land. This ensures their even distribution, and it is otherwise extremely diffi oult to avoid having it in wasteful quantities in onmp nWfis. and in too small Quantities in others. It. als prevents their accumula tion about the aeeila or roots, which they would be liable to damage. It further pre vents their being blown away by the wittd in.dry windy, weatherj or tlietr tieilijf too rabidly washed away in rain. In the case of a very light open soil, this is especially necessary, and caution should be exercised in the use of soluble manure in such cases, as they are liable to be washed away before they have benefited ths plant. As a rule, slow-acting manures are the most applicable for autumn- dressing ; the sol uble quick-acting manures bting most bene ficial at an early stage of the plant's growth. Grass.—A crop of ] £ tons meadow hay per acre contains on the average 491b. nitrogen, 511b. poi&Shj; anil 12?[lb. phosphoric acid. The question of the appropriate manuring of grass-lands is complicated by the question as to whether it is intended for permanent pasture or to be cut for hay, and whether grass or clover is to predominate. It may be stated generally that the proportion of clover is increased by the application of mauures containing potash and phosphoric acirl, and diminished by the application of nitrogenous manures. Too heavy manuring of any kind, especially nitrogenous, tends to the growth of coarse grass. Manures containing 'lime, such as plaster, also promote the growth of clovers. For grass the best results were obtained bv Lawes and Gilbert, by Che application of min eral manures (superphosphate and kainit) to gether with sulphate of ammonia. Heavy grass crops were obtained to the almost total exclu sion of clover. To promote thb growth of clover u, omit the ammonium salts from the above mixture, and nvuiure with mineral fertil isers alone. Stable-manure and compost are an excellent ' manure for grass lands, especially when mixed with sulphate of ammonia. Bfiujxft a Bat.—A rather curious lawsuit is reported from Paris. A goutleman living in the A venue de Neuiliy was terribly annoyed with rats in his house. They were large, ravarious, numerous,, and hard to catch. Fin ally ho managed to trap ono of the pests, and equipping him with r. tiny bell, fastened to liia neck with a bit of wire, set him again at liberty. The rat, of course, ran to find hi: companions, and they all ran as eagurlv tc avoid him, and in a little time there was nol a rut left on the promises. Is oar by tlier'c lived a nervous gentleman, and one night he w;\a awakened by a curious tinkling sot.nd which c:ime oil fitfully, :md teemed to protect from every corner of the room. He l .t i candle, and timorously proceeded to smirch There was nothing visible, and yet the uiys teiious sound was distinctly audiblo. II tried to think it was imagination, but, failing decided it must bo a ghost. It was clear thn his house was haunted—and haunted, too, b dny as well as by night. For weeks he ooul not, sleep, and the anxiety told on his hcaltl At last a gossiping servant ln.ined the trull and the victim, instead of laughing at hinow credulity, has begun mi action ugiimst th«i ma who belled the rat; ' • 