MEMS ABOUT MUMMERS. George Wood, " the somewhat different comedian," has returned to New York after an absence of two years in Australia. Over 200 variety performers have formed a Union in California to pre vent negroes from appearing on the stage as actors. ' A Boston newspaper man has com posed a play, "The American Press Reporter." The reporter goes around exposing villains, but there is nothing about libel actions in the drama. * America has a woman advance agent. That's nothing. Australia has Ella Carrington, who draws up her own advertisements and pays for them, ajnd also pays her company. Ella's money-bag is quite an institu tion. Ted Sass is in love with New Zealand. He can't buy enough slides for his photographic camera. There are more than twenty operas of " Faust," but the only one we ever hear in its entirety is that of Gounod. Edwin Booth, the actor, died worth £90,000. There are 3,625 actors and 3,696 acresses in England and Wales. There is one blind actor and there are five blind showmen, and four deaf and dumb persons come under the head of " art, music, theatre service " in the census. One of Sara Bernhardt's pets is a monkey, who industriously employs his time in turning a wheel. W. S. Gilbert is very hard on the amateur Thespian. He always asks an aspirant if he or she has done any amateur work. If the answer is in the negative he is rejoiced, because there is nothing to be unlearned. Miss May Yohe, the American, who is playing " Little Christopher Colum bus " in London, says she toured Australia some years ago. Quiz doesn't remember her. Pattie Browne likes England, but says her liking is influenced by the fact that she has not been out of an engagement since her arrival in London. Edward Lloyd, the famous tenor, is 48. Essie Jenyns and her husband and child have returned to Australia. Essie, who was one of the cleverest Shakespearian actresses we have ever had in the Sunny South, is quite content with life off the stage. Plenty of money is a solatium for the absence of public applause. A sister of Mrs. Wood, whose names are Juliet Scott Siddons, is to make her debut in London. Sims Reeves receives thirty shillings an hour for teaching at the Guildhall School, in addition to the fees he receives from pupils. Wilhelmj, the violist, has settled down in a fine house at Regent's Park, London. Ned Holloway was once playing the Ghost in " Hamlet," and in order to increase the sensation had arranged to make his first appearance through a trap, but he got stuck in the trap, and it took Hamlet, Polonius, the King, and Laertes to haul him out. The Payne Family of bellringers are in New Zealand. Charles Lauri, brother of Williamson and Musgrove's comedian, is playing clown in one of the London panto mimes. Sydney Grundy in his new play makes mincemeat of the critics. Sydney holds these gentleman in the profoundest contempt—or professes to do so. Haddon Chambers is 34 years o£ age. Coquelin, the great French comedian, says—" I like the natural of art, but I like not the natural of nature." Olga Nethersole is described by some of the London papers as the only English actress who knows how to dress. Sid Deane plays the wolf in the Princess Theatre pantomime. Some actors only play the goat. Harry Trevorah, who was for many years with Williamson's Comic Opera Company, is now settled down at Ardrossan, Yorke's Peninsula. There is some talk of an Actors and Actresses' Union being formed in Australia. English importations arrive while Australian artists are starving ; but as long as the public prefer a Gaiety Company to genuine comedians so long will there be "Poverty Pointers." Williamson & Musgrove hold the rights of several operas which have not yet been produced in Australia. Why don't they send out two Comic Opera Companies ? Each would get sufficient support. Arthur Billin is now travelling for a whisky firm in England. He has apparently given up the idea of making a fortune by his voice. Bob Lawrance is singing at London Music Halls. But these halls are now quite fashionable resorts. Upper crust young ladies visit them quite often. There are 6,000 of Hans Sach's songs extant, and another load has been discovered among old papers in the city library of Nuremburg. The Allgemeiner Deutcher Verein are going to build a hall possessing a stage as large as that of the Theatre Royal. It will be situated next to the Sturt Arcade Hotel, Grenfeli Street. Mr. C. J. Stevens is said to be at work on the music of a locally written opera, the librettist being a gentleman well known in amateur circles. One of the most amusingscenes at the Continentals is provided on one of the promenades. This is the place sacred to lovers, and they sit in pairs—about six feet of space between each couple-— utterly oblivious to the fierce light from the gas lamps and the scrutinising glances of thousands of eyes. Happy lovers. " Heard at the Continentals. First young lady —" Seen any of your gentlemen friends V . Second young lady—" Lots." " So have I, but not one of them even asked me if I would have an ice cream. Real mean, aren't they V 