SPARKS. Hot. Fine. Sales. Music. Circus. Picnic. Ponies. Clowns. Flowers. Holiday. Acrobats. Pigeons. Summer. Mosquito. Hot winds. Good singing. A musical treat. Cathedral Choir. Piomenade Concert. Victoria has a deficit of ,£1,845,389. Ratepayers meeting to-morrow night. Sports were held at Hallett on Monday last. The Rev. Father Kearney died at Tam worth last week. The Town Clerk (Mr. W. Davey) gives the public an eye-opener. The winning hirds in last Wednesday's pigeon race were bred by Mr. Crewes. Charles Francis Allen has been arrested V Broken Hill for issuing valueless cheques. The National Bank of Australasia paid a dividend of 5 per cent at Melbourne last week. The Hon. C. C. Kingston, Premier, won the Parliamentary sweep on the Melbourne Cup. Since the Moonta A. H. and F. Society was first established it bas given away £3600 in prize-money. If you want to make sure your advice will be taken ha.ve it engraved on your umbrella handle. Reanie Crewes fell off a footbridge on Fri day evening, and was unconscious for several hours. She — * What can a woman do for amuse ment when she has no money?' He — Go sboppirg,' A woman, 101 years old had a case at the Mount Barker curt last week. Woman, lovely woman ! A man named C. Taylor at Broken Hill drew Patron in Tattersall's big sweep and netted £10,500. A needle bas just been extracted from the band of a young woman named Miss Seenie, in the South-East. The wife of tbe Hon. James Martin, M.L.C., died at her residence Trevue, near Gawler, last week at the age of 75 Visitor t * That painting is by an old master, I see.' Mrs. McShoddie (apologetically) : ? Y-e-s j but tbe frame is new. ' He : ' It makes me a better man each time I kiss you, darling.' She : * Oh, my, Charlie 1 How good vou must be now.' Noodle : * I find it very hard work to collect my thoughts.' Maud : * Papa says it's always difficult to recover small amounts.' Richard Bennett was tried at Petersburg last week on a charge of attempting to commit suicide, and was committed for trial. Mr. Grainger thinks it undesirable that a judge of the Supreme Court should be ap pointed Governor of South Australia. The three graces tbat form on earth a perfect »rinity in unity are — the beauty of holiness, the grandeur of truth, and the grace o* charity. ' Goodness me, Johnny 1 What are you crying about now r' * 'Cause Tommy dreamed aHout having ice cream last night and I didn't.' Visitor — ' I should (bink you would be afraid to give your chi'd so much cake. ' Hostess — ' I am. Those are roy next neighbour's boys.' ' I bad great luck to day,' said Muggles. ' How was that ?' ' I went to tbe races and left all my money borne in my other trousers.' First Barber — ' V'bat do you think of people who shave themselves?' Second Barber — ' They ought to be compelled to cut their own hair.' ' Well, is your visit to the sea side having the desired effect, madame ?' ' Oh, yes, doctor, one of my daughters has already become engaged.' Religion is the basis upon which all true civil government rests — from which power derives its authority, laws their efficacy, and both their sanction. DHly (in horrified whisper) : ' Mamma, Wiily is an infidel.1 Mamma : ' An infidel ? Dilly : ? Yes, he said he don't believe there's any Santa Claus.' Mr. Snappy : * Smart ? Why sbe has bwains enough for two, Miss Maav.' She : * Has she ? Then she is just the girl you ought to marry, Mr. Snappy.1 A man named James Pattman, living at Orroroo, murdered his wife last week and then committed suicide. Six children are left totally unprovided for. Counsel : ' You say you met the defendant on the afternoon of tbe 26th. Was be in bis normal condition ?' Witness : * Certainly j he borrowed half -a crown.' AH lbe passengers (except Messrs. Deane and Coward}, who were on ihe Redfern train at the time of the collision, are recover ing. The two gentlemen named are in a critical condition. So far 12 deaths have oc curred. The salaries of the Victorian members of Parliament is to be reduced to £soo per annum. If this were done in South Australia, too, bow many candidates would enter for the race? * Why, Sam, how do you expect to get that horse along with a spur only on one side ?' * Well, boss, if I gets dat side to go ain't de odder one boun' to keep up?1 A character which combines the love of enjoyment witb the love of duty, and the ability to perform it, is the one whose unfold ings gives the greatest promise of perfection. In 'following copy' last week we made Councillor West's term of office expire on November 31 instead of the 30th. A boy named Brice, whose father is a farmer at Ulooloo, was lost in the scrub near Woo kongie Station last week, and was found on Mr. Tiver's land near Hallett. A witness spoke of a particular person as ' having seen him * partially clad.' * Was he j not quite nude ? '.No,' replied the witness, ' ' he wore a pair of spectacles.' j A country paper describing the local art show says : — * On entering tbe room the visitor's eye will be struck with a porcelain vase.* Nice encouragement for visitors. . A man may float in salt water, without moving his hands or feet if he have the presence of mind to throw his head back and allow (he body to sink to the position it will then nntnrally take. Guest (rising excitedly from the i:\Ule. after tasting an olive for tbe first time}: *Ii'a.scirry I'd be to disturb the hilitarity of the matin' ; but I belave some joker has been salting the guseberries.* * Please, ma'am,' said the boy, can't you help me? I has to support a wife and three children.' ' You ? Why, you're not old enough to be married.' ' No ; but me father is. It's bis wife and three children I has to support.' Mrs. Bellows : ' My first husband, sir, was a kind-hearted man. He would never do an act thnt would tend to render anotherunhappy.* Old Bel.ows (sneeringly) : ' Oh, .no ! He didn't go and die and leave you to rope me in. did he?' A little boy, seeing for tbe first time a Highland soldier witb bis kilt and large black feather hat on, exclaimed to his mother, ' Ob, anther, come here an' see this great big queer man. He is barefit up to the knees, an' has a ?unetal on bis bead.' Happy Bridegroom : ? Waiter, I want a dinner for two,* Waiter : * Vil ze lady and gentleman have table d'hote or a la carte?' Happy Bridegroom (generous to a fault, but weak in French) : * Bring v.s some of both, and put plenty of gravy on 'em !' She : ' I have just been reading about the seven ages of man. I wonder how Shakspeare would have described the ages of woman?' He : * There would be hut two ages of woman.' She: 'How's that?' He: ' Sweet sixteen and not yet thirty.' * Dear,' asked Mrs. Wick wire, looking up from her paper, * what does this paper mean by the 'superfluous woman?' What is tbe superfluous woman ?' ' In our engagement days, 'answered Mr. Wick wire ' lbe superfluous woman was your younger sister.' Servant : ' There is a lady outside wbo refuses to give her name. She is looking at everything in the parlour, and does just as if she was at home.' Mr. Blank: 'Great Caesar's ghost ! She must either be my mother in-law or that woman who is threatening to sue me for a breach of promise.' Here is a story of a schoolmaster wbo promised a crown to any boy who should pro pound a riddle that he could not answer. One and another tried, and at last a boy asked : — ' Why am I like the Prince of Wales r' The master puzzled bis wiis io vain, and finally he was compelled to admit that he did not know. * Why,' said the boy, * its because I am waiting for the crown.' 