ANOTHER MOVE OF THE CEN- TRALIZATION PAKTY. IT is a welf-knuwn fact that Port Pirie hashing been en\ ied the im port ant position which she n^w occupies- in connection with tbe Barrier ti-aflic, but in spite of all tlrat ran be said against her, »lie has lip (o tliepresent maintained .her dignity in the commercial world, and nseiaphoricallv iw.s Iauglied to scorik ti*e slaaderons .^taiements wlvich fiave bet!11 hurled forth to tire woi-jd concerniiitr Ke.i- !e r 0 itimacy of position tO'claim! flu! honor of receiving and forward- ! in»; the 3J:. 1-1 i•i- tiiiipnt. Tlu- centi-il>zatioii party havi; left no si one unturned to find a weak spot 111 hw harbonr, and a)l the euciting which ci-afty legislator and »-abid agitator* could command has been brought into operation. "'Right is nvight;" to llie unprejuiliced mind she is what she clai i s to be, and could she be lemovetissvy a hundred miles frn*n where sl»e now is T ber present position would be sought orr afl sides by those who now are against her, and iu the event of such a proceeding being fnade possible, would eagerly " jump " the position, and immediately pose as the only legitimate seaport of the north. For our ability to withstand the attacks of the centralization party iu the past, we have, beside our own natuial advantages,- great cause to be thankful for the? able- manner in which our ease has been championed by our memburs, and the. game which has been carried on during the ]iast few years would in all probability have been decided in favor of that party had the destinies of the Port and district been entrusted to less skilful hands; But nothing daunted at the defeat that lias invariably met their advances, the centralization party ai-e again endeavouring to get the "thin end of tbe wedge " in, the;l latest fad being the erection of the Block 14- smelters at Port Adelaide. It is abeadv public that a site has been selected, and it is very easy to arrive at a conclusion in this respect. This move should in its embryo state be chucked- with a strong hand, and our nienil^i-s will do well to exert tbemselyes to their utmost in t uruing the'tide of affairs. Pireans may be assui-ed that they have 110 friends in this Party, and whateror can be accomplished by strategy and influence will be resorted to, to strengthen tbe bonds of centralization, therefore it is our duty to strongly oppose . any such measures, not alone for the commercial wellbeing of P.,i t Pirie, but for the best interests of South Australia as a whole. RP.DHILL RACKS.—A number of Port Pirie people left for the Redhill races on Tuesday. A very successful meeting is said to have been the result. HIGH SCHOOL, PORT PIKIE.—On Monday nest, studies will be resumed at this school. Miss Scott will be assisted in her duties by Miss Goo^.e. daughter of Mr. 13\. Goo-ie of this town. EourATroNAi..—School duties are now fairly resumed after the vacation. The present epidemic of colda will probably prevent many from attending who otherwise would have done. SILT.— Tbe work of filling' in tbo railway reserve with silt is Leing vigorously proc2eded with, and the contractor seems determined to push the vorkon as quickly as possible. This r-.fTorils ei'iplwment to a s^ood nunil.ir of ir,'>n. aid at its termination wo sliould like to nee work of a Riinil:i.r nature bfin^ afforded to the " horuy-hauded sou3 of toil" in our midst. A GOOD WORK.—We have had the pleasure of insp<*:ting- the piece of wharf recently completed by Messrs J. and W. j Tait, and are pleased to uotice that it compares very favourably indi-ed with similar constructions in other parts of the Port. ; Even now we understand some obstacle 1 lias been placed in tlie »av of the work I being passed, and the energetic contractors deserve tho sympathy cf the public in the matter. PKDKSTRIASISM.—An average waltz takes a dancer over about three quarters of a mile, a square dar.^e makes him cover half a mile. A girl with a well filled programme travels thus in one evening : Twelve waltzes, nine miles ; four other dances at half a mile each, which is hardly a fairly big estimate, two miles more ; the intermission stroll and tbe trips to the dressing room to renovate her gown and complexion, half a mile more; grand total, eleven and one-half miles. FARMERS' WORK.—Farmers in the neighbouring hundred* complain that they W are unable to obtain men to conduct harvesting operations, the men in the majority of instances demanding a rate c of wage which the former* are absolutely unable to pay. Where employment is ao difficult to obtain locally- and the price of whi!ut so low, it seema indeed strange tliat labor should be difficult to procure and evinces an entire abaencc of sympathy between employer aud employed* the consequences of which are most disastrous to our best interests. ALoc ai. In DUSTRY.—We have had the pleasure of inspecting a doubfe-se&ted; four-wheeled dog cart made to ordor by Mr W. MofSt, the well- known wheelwright and l>l3cksmitlr of Florenee-street- As we saw it. it wacs simply stained and varnished^ but even tw the unmxtiated eye Lhe excellent workmanship «u the vehicle was evcrywhere apparent. and: reflects the greatest credit upon tb«r energetic builder. The axles are- of steely and the under- carriage is iron-pitted ttwwghoui. It may be interesting to mention that the iron-work is all or Mr Moffii's making, and the foot-board is plated top and boitom. The Bplash-bojird is of cedar, the other timber » stringy-bark and kauri-pine, and tbe whole vrfiicle gives evidence of being oue combining ligfhtness with, durability. SUPERINTENDENT BOOKER-,— During the latter jKirt of last weak we hid Superintendent Booker with u, paying a visit in connection with matters pertaining to the Fire Station here. It was fortunate that the Superintendent was present during tlio erection of the long-delayed alarm tor the West, and we now understand thai the work has been successfully carried out. FOTOIBSU Grandison has also beeu. provided with a permanent fireman, and in this respect we are glad to notice that the: demands of the Pon have been partially recognised. But while expressing our gratitude for smalT mercies, we at the samo ttmff think that one or two men more shouli be provided. so that the local brigade: might be afforded st '"ghost, of a chssnoo" o£distinguishing itself in case of a fire. However, we may httve a little moreconsideration rn this respect later on. Superintendent Booker left Pirie by tram. on> Sunday night. By tbe way; we might a* well mention iu this connection that a fire took place 011 Saturday nijfht at the Koysd Exchange Hotel, bat beyond slight injury to bed-room paraphernalia', there was little damage done ; and in this instance the Superintendent was afforded a chance of distinguishing hiinselfL FATAL ACCIDENT.—0a Fliday E»at a fatal accident happened at the AEilfing Company's mill to a man named John Holmes. The unfortimate felEow was engaged in shunting some: wheat-laden trucks, and when in the act of- putting down tlie brake he lost his footing, and. ] falling beneath the trucks- the wheef-of' cme passed over him, crushingh» auklb,. dreadfully manglrag bis thigh and inflicting other terrible injuries. As HOOII as possible Holme* waft removed to* thehospital, and Dr Stewart essnnined the injured ncm. Fran the tint the' case was a hopeless ©mr and Holmes succumbed to his injuries the same evening. The deeeased leavea a. wifa aud family. On Sunday afternoon the remains of deceased; were interred in the Cemetery and besides a. large number bj&townspcopla; the brethren of the (Jtand UmtoaOrder of Oddfellow^ of whom deceased was a member, jointed- iu the sad procession. The funeral arrangements were entrusted to Messrs Syinonds Bros, and were efficiently carried out. DISTRICT COUNCIL OF Pibib.—The above Council met on January- 20,- trfaea the whole of the councillors viz„ Messrs. Eagle, Han nan. Butler, Forrestel. Walsh, and Kuril, were ]»re^ent. The Commissioner of Crown Lands wrote informing the councal-that JH17 man ro»i money had been apportioned t > the District for the year ending June 30, Mr. "W. H. Fowler waited on the council and asked to have tbo roads between the Working Men's Blocks, Hundred of Pirie, thrown «pen to~the public- The request was favorably connidered, and the clerk instructed to attend to the matter. Mr. R. Briae teudcred bis resignation as Curator of Warn or town eemeter3 r . Permission was granted to Mr. O, Bohlin to cut a tree cn the road, for the purpose of making a crossing over the Broughton. The hours for burning stubble were: fixed at from- sunrise to nunset on BIRI after the 1st Febv. Tbe following tenders were accepted, mam roads Noe. 2 *nd j 3. Z, Poinkon, £50 ; NOB. 4 and 5R, Wl Wliitbread,£45 ; No.O, R. Lodk, £ii0. District roais :—No. 7, R. Walker, £23 15s: No. 8\. D. Kennelly, £4fK; No. W. Spedk £14. Next meetiiig of the Council" Fdwnsry 17, S-ronsrs nr Wesntiw*.—A corrBsprm dent writing to txs with reference' t<j the recent territic stofun. which Irivo plijyad such sad havoc with tKe psatTrtog Scet" Or the Ni>rth-wnstern en*nt of \V<>etralia. and which -v.is accompanied by such Bad loss of life, says:—Some yiBn> ajj» I wio en iraged iu one of the Septjr, wbfeb at cortarn seasons of the year, pursue tbe pearling indnrtry on the Bfortli-westwrn coast of Western Australia; aud bad the misfortune to be iu tbe ruck during" the " willywilly " season. For tie information of those unacqHainted -wrtb tbe real uM<%uing of the term " willy-winy," I maytfcat it is a native word, uieaning 1 a terrific storm or flood,an'd the word contains m much of awe to the native mind that their fear is unuifatakable at tbe W H O nwution of it. It i» »bont eight years ago, and for some days tbe glass had been very uusettled, the water in which we were at work, was dirty, and experi em ceroid us plainly that we ware about to have a visitation from one of thijsi disxg'rous hurricane*. About dusk itbngan twblow a galf*, ana we were tossi d alMut lite a cork upon the bosom of tho mighty doop. We knew our only chance wan to stand out to sea, but lmfore we had time to do so. tbe sea roso in mouutaiuouB wav«s, aud our craft was landed some hundreds of yards in shore, amongst tho mangrovea. When the tidal wave had receded, we found onraelven in about nice a picklea« it is possible to conceive Mo*t of onr spars and rigging were damaged, and wo saw no hope of getting out, except with tl.e assiBbi.U8e of a tug. A station wo knew w;is situatedsomo 8 or 10 miles up creek, and thither a party of us made iu the liope thxt wo uright hear sonifl news of the disaster, or obtain means of coramunirstion witb tbe tettleniont. On oar way up we saw that the storm bad been equally as fierceas at sea. Sturdy baobabs were torn «p, sheep and ; cattle were lying dead in all directions, j and the station buildings of galvanized iron were bodily carried away, and torn to atoms by being hurled against tlin huge boulders, -/hicb are «o eomnjon in the 1 north-west country. There -was not a . living thing to be scoa. Tbe place j suenied to be deserted, and we sorrowfully ! retraced our steps to oar Rtrandod craft. only to h<arn that the police launch had ; been there daring our absence, and that : snwnnr would be provided us within a • few hours. It was estimated that during i the willy-wjlly," some 300 lives -were.lost 1 and the damage done to shipping, must [ have bean enormous. Semi-tropical, theso pearling grounds are visited periodically by these tornadoes, and they doubtless are the reason why the pearling industry is net fostered to a greater extent. AcciDEin\—We learn ou enquiry that illiam Dusy who was addmitted to tho local Hospital a driy or two ago, suffering from injuries received through being rushed by a wagon in the Gorge, is progressing as well as could be expected. CRICKET.—A match was played on the R'dcroation G-rouud yesterday between a team selected from tboee who go down to the sea in ships, and the shop assistants. The latter won with coupcvrative ease. WH understand a match is to b« arranged lor next Tuesday, between the shipmasters and agents in the port. BAPTIST CHURCH.—The foraal opening of tbe 1urw B-iptist Church nt Port Pirie took place ou Sunday and Tuesday la«t. On the former dny the Rev. S." MeAd preached three impressive sermons to . largp congreg»tisae>.andiO/x vTuesday» tea^ pablie moeting. and coffue- suppoc were hold, all of which wen welLAtto«idedw^ EXCUBSIOK.—Owing- to tiie-.iact that*, concert in aid of tbewadowamLfamily of the late Anderson vcaa-hekLIast nigbt. tile number 'who a» r ailed theui8dlves .<^f atrip to Port Gormein in th&jRteamgr; Adelaide. was smaller than it otherwisewould have been. Howet^.jtbose-\rho< did go had a moat enjoyable tune of it. and Air Fred Gr^. ie to becouiplimantel ou his enterprisa-in preluding, the opportanity for such, healthful recreation. FIBK SINGERS.—By NOTIFI(»TIOU, «L5Ovchere it will be seen that, tha^renowued Ffck&orars; wdllopen in th^.local Institute Hall on, Saturday nexL EoV those / vdu> heard theut some five- or'tti^airt. 1 ago the; pleasure-then Experienced wdl ba : . sufficiont warrant for hearing.lheu1a.3ain' and for those.wbo did not thare-isj^ treatin store which, should be availed, ofc ;: ; BIISTJKB'r AND- HtiBsix£NT,—-F\Jr thdss* who are f<wdo£ mystery an oppgrtunity will be offered at) au earlyr<Kte-fcj Wituos»t one of the mnst wocdorfut perfortaMoes—- that has ever beeiijpruseniedi. tp'W.- Australian. audience. The greafe reports of: the other Gblouies speak, in. high tonus -if." the clover feats- of the Silvesters,' and a- treat may fairi* beamticinm>«d« . GLASS-BLOWIMG.—Mr ^fex>droffe!s glassblowing exhibition which has delightedL hundrads of t¥oaiianls of p^pIe^U^iqg;", the past quarter of "a cautury is now 1 located next the Uuion Baiitin Ellun- Streetand is jostaa J interesting ^s « vjr, The; manner in which Mr Woodrofec manipulates tlie- gla»s is wonderful au l, mint be seen to ba believed. TffO beaotiful glass steami ougirje* are kept ajiutautly going, and the show altogetiheru not only inceu^ielyT iuteroafcuig, but in— structire. - > . • ' • ' : DTIRABTOBK OF Me. THOS. MJIOOR, J.P.. A~niunber of- ^nrlen^n met ,ep Monday , evening lasts, for the-purpose of> miking 1 ' preliminary arraugRnumts im eonneetlou with the pmpositd pnose ititiou to Mr. 'IV M.-vgor, J.P., on the-'eve of bis departure fromithe Port. tvhere-h^ha« buuu a m ot " prominent towusji^ duringa*-lon''_ro6idence: It was di«ided ! lliiit4he qpr&6ntiitiou> slkjidd take tlie forni* of atl 'address, : and fu committee- was formed, consistiug; of His W-orship<th«t Muyor, Capt.-Williuuiii aud ftV»sara r W. Qtw>de;' Wi-Wood, X. A.. Rjareo. W. K. McJlyou; and A» E.-Srntli, tk^carry out thearraugeuwtots. . The tUto* of the presnntAtiou. hj« «ot yeb b6eh t definitely fi&^k > WILD' TOKKKIS; - Local sports havo< b'jen making sad hav-»c ani»»ngst; tha- . feathered.. tribe- ;of the ganus wild turkey during the- prusa'nt year, audi'in-som-/instamps veryr good rotnUta l):wo bajn o'»— ^MMHsd. Mr C\ ••^ftWherti.' the- well-kuuwa. baker of Roranisa-sttpet, swured. no le^sthan 20—-n average of over o> bird perday, while Mr T. C. Simpson, J.P:, take** 8eeoHd^h<M>nr8HM%tb>4l/Z- )B(rdsT ^Ajk-thfs ratei-? tho wild bi&£|ir* WfiPmr fyi; 1 : coiuo as rartr-aa fee p«u«ferba4 heus- i '* tooth." Shall Blocks Air Wak\bb®okx.—T io=. membeni ft»F ! O^H^b'^d,; fbiki; Hba^/Aj,. ^ Catt andJ. tt Howo, haye prosonijoi a.- potitiou to the 'Ckriidaiafibtier j>fiCrSwnliands from about twouty-four rendeut». of tb»district praying, that. cortain,Jaud^ in tbe Hundreds of PiriB and Napaterby be cut- up into wodcing inch's' block*.. The laud conapri«sa acres or there-? alKMSts, aud of this the petitioners whh' 10) acre* situated ne^i 1 ; the; Rasai>voir- : Hotel, _ Warnertovni, .to bj reserve 1 f»r recreation i>urposes, iw thaifc portien' liaahitherto been IMO La« a-rdcreationgrounl^ and placed under the control of M* Henry Burford, th« preseut licences of the Bail! hotel.—Register. _ O K BLOCKKRB-.—Ptwsibly {GW PEMJURare- aware of tlie- ib«kistry anil thriftwhieh in n»my instances IB practised liyour blockers. Wo IkHve- hiui the pleasureof inspectiug aoroe-ot Uw buildings, audi ; Ixtvebeea supplied with some very iater- 'estlug iuCornnticn relative-to tlieir working. lo sjinj instawM n»ji who lutvo so— •cured Mittphmiwafc at tho smelters .anil r»>- Soery. devote a considerable portion of their time to the cudtfvation and'giinerab iurproven»iat of tbeir blos'is. Ajid^it isnot improbabletlntttliis-n*vmvil labor hisits good- results, "as it; reasonable ttv suppose tlktt out-door eK*rtion> m iv have tbe eftsrt o€ to a pyoat extent,i*iddi ig; the-systirii of tlm levdfuusis wiiihhiuhit necessarily be iuhaled by. continuous «miploynwtrt wt either tbe tefiaiery or »uioI-- ters. Piul* INSTITUTE.—The committee or tire local Institute have just added ' lt8 ; volumos to their shelves. 'ThiB" with* l~y previously added mites » t til of 22J volumes for the year. To suit > the popular ta^tc. of couni". fiction • forms majority of these, and with a glance at the aaiqu one recognises books from the peas of favoriteHiithorsr saehBtfoiighton, Wood, Comlli, Kipling, Claik-itu«»5ll Braddon. Besant, Ac. The fchelve» are now well filled, and next yosr tht* Coounitteo will have to devise » scheme for providing moro room, wliicl» nsuchi nooded, f«»r we cao now boast oT hikvia^: tlmr best collection of hooks, and receiving the largest subsidy from the iGnwermneafc in tlw colony, (excepting Adelaide nu<i Port Adelaide), while a»o having to acknowledge the wurafc aocouwnodation' both for bookEFaud meinber& It may 'be interesting to state that tbo library contains many voluomn Erupting upon the aubjeut of political eoonoiuy. MIMSTBHIAL \ IMT. — TTesterday the Hous. F. - W. Holder (Commissioner of Public Works). J. H. Howe; and W. Copley. acpompiuiied by the Engineer-i .- Chief visited Port Pirie. ThB.JSayDr and Councillors met the party, and drove tlvmi to tbe blocks east of the town: The Commissioner promised that although ho could not alter tlie course as adopted, he would make further concessions to those who had to lay the water on at tbeir owu expense. A visit of inspection was soqiieutly made to the railway y;»rd, Jx)lU» stxtiitnaud the new wb.trf rwcaatiy^'- CODtpie ted by the Messrs. Tait ThelGOtiBiiiHsioner pruurised to consider the'tieosai»ity for raising the cottage in the railwjiy yat"d to a uniform level.jrad thought tliat when funds were available it wonldl>e-policy to rebuild ti>e ]>oIice jsta%o<l, instead Of continually spending money in repairs." A ' deputation of farmers from Pixie N.LFI R aud one from Pirie South wait**} on tho Commissioner. The former asked that they might have water laid on 'rom the Napperby main, and the latter (bit the ? service be extended to their property. Mr. Holder promised that both.matters would receive consideration. At Crystal Brook a request was made to the Commissioner by a number of farmers that a modification of water rate be iu:tde, as they did iiot require the water and had gone to considerable expense in providing for a supply, Tha usual reply was given. 1 5 14 CBICKKT.—Solomontown v; Wandea.ra.li. The following team has. been selected to represent Solomontown in tliBJibove match to be played Rt Wandearah. on Sat in day, January 27 :—E. Winton, J. Whitalaw, W. Ker. Hicks, J. Gaddes, G. Donnithorne, J. "Wood, R. Ferry, A. Liinb, H. Wilkins, T. Wicfchani. Emergency — F. Simpson. Conveyances will leave Knapman's Port Pirie Hotel at 12 noon sharp, and players are requested to be punctual. DKATH OFMM. BAKER.—On Tuesday morning last Mrs. Baker died at the residence of her daughterat Port Pirie West. The deceased baa been a resident of the Port for a considerable time and leaves a number of children and grand children. Her remains were interred yesterday. ANDERSON FUND.—The promoters of the concert held last night in aid of the Anderwin Fund ai-e to be congratulated on the success thereof. There was a full houpe and the various items of a long and varied pi oj?raminei were carried out most satisfactorily. A ball was subaequentlv hold and dkncing kept up to an early hour. Human symmthy in not dead in Pirie and it is highly pleasing to find such generous response and practical assistance gi ven in a desiring: case. A HOAX.—During the latter part of last week a report waa freely circulated in the town to the effect that a serious stabbing affray had taken place as the reunit of strained domestic relations. Upon inquiring from the police authorities as to whether any report of the occurrence had been received by them we were answered in the negative, yet from the sources WE were supplied with- numberless conflicting details. If there was no foundation for Hie report (and we are inclined to think there was not) then we are of opinion that the matter should be traced to the originator, and he or she be called upon to give reasons why it was so industriously' circulated. This is not the firat occasion in which reports of a similar, character have been freely made public and besides creating no end of mischief in domestic circles, they cannot conduce to the moral well-beingof ai*y community and simply pourtray the depraved nature of the mental calibre of the persons who are responsible for their circulation. J UNCTION SILVKK BliNtNe COY.—We are pleased to hear that onr respected fellow townsman, Mr. T. Ma^or. J.P., Jins been nppointed to the dirK»t< rate of this company. This ie an appointment for.'which Mr. Mngor has proved himsulf adtniraMy mlnpted, and although he is taking hie departure fi-oni amongst us, we may: rext nxburod that he will do his utmost to bring the world in touiii with- the numberless HilvHiitn^s which the Port possrsses Having- n large stake in Pirie; and licin^fnlly conversant with her requirements, we may reasonably HUlicipttto that Iiis removal from amongst Us. will W.prodnctive of good, rather than the leversn. Cool 1 eaded and liberal in bin views, we cannot do better than entrust our interests to his keeping, resting assured thnt no effort w ill be wanting on hiapait. to brine Port Pirin before the notico Of the mining' and shipping world, thereby improving our fninmeiTjiiil pMt-pects, and giving additicnal weight ioour important geographical position as^a tm.tur.il port. 