CHAPTER V. The same room. . . the same bash of amalea* ? No--for these blossoms were of vividest rose, and there was a touch of tho same colour on tbe cheeks of the girl who had been so white when she had at once loved and sent me away from her. ' I have done nothing, Letty,' I said, 'only broken a few.bad habits, got away from a few bad acquaintances, curbed a bad tongue, thought less ot my dinner, and scarcely at all of my clothes-and more of the happiness bf other people. But I have done nothing brilliant, nothing great-nothing to ordinary eyes that make me ia the slightest degree worthy of you.' Sho looked at me with shining eyes had I, indeed, forgotten how strangely beautiful they were? aud I saw that her breath came short aud her breast heaved beneath ber white wollen gown. . I could have gone into Parliament ' I said, after a little pause, and with a sense of dishoartenmeut, * but I must have sworn to accomplish things I know were impossible of accomplishment-or I might hare gone in for foreign servico and killed a few men-but Ifdon't think you would have thought any the more of me for that. And I might have given my whole for- tune to the cause of philanthropy-but I should consider that rather a foolish and useless proceeding than one that would commend itself to your opinion. And by the time I had learned to distinguish my- self in some art or other-I should be too old for you, Letty-and most people would tell you 1 am too old already. She shook her head. I could only see a little rose-red cheek half turned away from me, its trouble re- peated ia the slender hand that restlessly played with the folds of a skirt. ' 'There's very little for a man to do really,' I said, ' unless he has a special gift of some sort-and 1 never had any. Of course, I've given up cock- fighting and boxing, and racing-and-and things of that sort-but after all, that's only negativo goodness-there's no real worth in that.' 'And have-have you given np flirting, sirP' said Letty, leaving only the tip of her ear visible. ' Yes, miss, I have. It was hard work, I admit, for the Devonshire girls are very pretty.' * So I thought, when I was down there in the autumn.' Being slower at speech than a woman, I was able to check words quicker, so there was no great pause before I said; ' Ton liked it then ?' 'Yes.' There was no flush on her check now. She had turned, and was moving away, and I moved,with her, keeping step for step down the long room. ' You have a beautiful little church at Lynnborough,' she said. I started. ' You have seen it ?' I said. ' Yes. But you were not there. Do you koow Í was told you had a sweetheart in the country-and spent most of your time with her P' ' And did you come down to have a look at her P' No answer. We had come to the end of the room, and now turned back again, j .It was quite trae,' I said, 'I had a sweetheart down there-the truest, the sweetest, the most loving a man ever had. One who loved me without reference to deserts--' 'Iknow,' said Letty, softly, 'during the service I stole ont of church, and crept to the wicket gate. . . . and looked in. Yon were sitting under a tree with your sweetheart. Oh ! the pretty, formal garden, and your two faces ! I blessed you both with all my heart. ... if you had looked up, and beckoned me I mast have come--' «Letty!' ' You talk of having achieved no brilli- ant feats, but I know-Oh ! yeB, I have heard and I know of all the noble things you have done, and of the wicked things you have left undone, of your struggles, afterwards of your devotion to your mother, and is it no great thing, my love, my king, that yon have gamed the victory over yourself P' 'Oh 1 but with such falls, Letty/1 said, groaning, ' with such falls !' She was in my arms now, and her slender hands made a frame for my face -into which ßhe looked with intensest joy, And pride, as she said : 'No matter. The bad times are gone-' 'Bat there's enough wickedness left inside to lose the soals of a regiment of men/1 said, laughing, and gave her no more chance of spoiling me with praise for some little time. ' Oh ! Roy/ she said, ruefully, when at last we were sitting down, she comfort- ably perched on my knee. 1 I'm afraid you're not so very good after all !' ' So I just told you. Depend upon it, I shall break out now and tuen. Are you willing to take the risk ?' 'Quite.' ' And your father won't object ?' ' He never did object. It was-me/ 'Oh! Letty-what grammar. You can be an angel snd talk very bad grammar, you know/ ' Thank you, sir, but I don't wish to be an angel. And now it's my turn to go to school. If I have told yon my faults, you don't know mine* 'Yes, I do. Hardheartedness, jeal- ousy--' Letty hung her head and looked quite foolish for such a superior person. ' I thought I set you too hard a lesson, Roy/ she said, ' and you did spend so much time at Lynnborough. Bat what a dear she is .... do you think she will consider me good enough P* 'Far too good. We often talked about yon - obdurate - high principled - be- witching-cruel tittle wretch.' Sho nestled her head against mine, and for a while we eat silent in most blessed content. But, suddenly I cried out, and stretched my hand as if in greeting. * What is it P' she said, looking where I looked, and seeing nothing. Bat I saw clearly enough and for the last time, that shadow of projection of inner self which, aided by Letty's influ- ence, had had so much to to do with my change of life and thought. Only for a few moments I saw it, bnt how different was its mien to that of the cynical hard-livor who had boldly giren me back jeer and scowl ! Self-denial and self-mastery had disciplined every feature, and eyes fall of fire and life met mine, ay and happiness too-far beyond the des- erts of such as I. Farewell ghost, alter ego, conscience-* what you will. ' Henceforth my only mir- ror is in Letty's eyes and soul, and per* chance in the hearts, no less innocent and trae, of Letty's children. [THE END. J 