00ft AMERICAN LETTER, [From oar own Correspondent] ? New York January 6. 1S94. That ?? the darkest hour of night precedes the dawn' will, it ia to be hoped, prove tone in regard to the extremely gloomy and depressed condition in which the new year finds the ?Aninrioan people. On every hand there ia wailing over the hard times and impatient ibnae of the apathy of our rulers in devising means of relief . The agitators eay that there Me three millions of unemployed men, but this is at least double and perhaps three timea the true figure. Even that is bad enough, however, and in the great cities the charity organisations have their hands full in aiding deserving cases of actual want Most of these unfortunates are foreigners who have nob had tome to take firm root in the Boil, but they are bone the less an integral and necessary part of ?he general fabric ot American industry, and if the; did not steadily come here, glad and willing to do the rougher work and the 'odd jobs'9 of the new world of promise, native Americana would be infinitely lees prosperous than they are. The clamor raised in some quarters, therefore, about 'improvident and ignorant aliens' is at once foolish and un generous. It is now plain that the Silver Pur chase Bill had only a small influence in creat ing our preeent troubles. The money which bad been hoarded in safes and stockings has poured back into' the banks until capital has ecarcely any loanable value; indeed, one day last week large sums were lent on seouzities withont interest — an incident which has probably never occurred betore in any great money centre, and which can only be explained on the theory that bondB and Btccks were looked upon as better worth holding than certificates of deposit in banks that were not doing enough business to pay ex penses. But all these scores of millionsof dol lars are still idle because their owners are waiting to know what Congress will do about the tariff. The manufacturers have made cut miter cut in wages until rates are in many cases only a little higher than the European scale ; but they are unwilling to make up anything beyond actual orders until experience shows that their belief that they can hold their own against allcomers is well founded. We are worse off, therefore, for the moment than if we were on an absolute free ? trade basis, for there would be abundance of work at low wages, whereas now there is little or no work of any kind to be had. The worst foe of honest industry is neither a protective tariff nor free-trade, but uncertainty. It is taken for granted that the new tariff will pass the House of Representatives, although it is now handicapped with what in American eyes is the most infamous of all means of raising revenue — an income tax. In America, as in ancient Judea, a tax gatherer is an object of universal aversion, and if the Democrats carry their point he will re appear upon the American stage for the first time since the war. High duties are possibly a robbery of the many for the benefit of the lew, but the man who pays them ia not brought face to face with the Custom House, and all out municipal and state taxes are lumped together in one rate upon a given assessment, and a man can send a cheque for them or not, just as he chooses, to the city treasury, the penalty for neglect being first a stiff fine for interest and ultimately a sale of the property over his head. Never, however, IB he personally dunned. Bnt an income tax must be personally collected, and the victim can in no way escape an interview with the assessors. It is proposed only to tax men with 4,000 dollars a year, thus catering to the socialistic sentiment, which is steadily be coming supreme in all but th# older states of the union, but nearly all Americans look upon themselves as possible members of this class, and an ambitious young clerk with 50 dollars a month declaims as loudly against this 'odious monarchical exaction' as his millionaire chief. The Bill with this addition to it, indeed, loses nearly all its chances of final passage ; and yet, in the absence oF an income tax, there will have to be taxes on pugar or coffee, and the poor people who wonld pay them would surely enter a protest at the polls. What the masses really, voted for in 1892, and what they were promised by the Democratic stump-orators, was — higher wages, lower prices, and the relegation of the 'robber-baron' manufacturers who employed them to their proper place at the tail end of the national procession. But alaa ! prices of most kindB of food are no lower, while wages most certainly are, and the manufacturer, though crippled and poor, is more independent and brutally defiant than ever. It is of course in the Senate that the Tariff Bill will run the greatest danger, and if senators would at onoe vote it down, or even if they would at once pass it, the country wonld setde down to work on the new basis, whatever it might be, and everybody would be busy and happy. But many Democratic senators, while they will not risk their chance of getting patronage from the White House by a direct vote against their party, will at the same time Bborstly defeat the Bill by permitting every xeasonably-plausible means of obstruction, and in the meantime the country will remain in helpless misery, like a ship in the doldrums. Sooner or later, however, the people will assuredly again find themselves freed from theee accidental misfortunes, and in American affairs the wisest of men is he who is always, for a long pull, a 'bull on the country.' The silver question is resting ia a very uneasy slumber. The same Mr. Voorhws who pushed through the Kspeal Bill in the Senate lias found it necessary, in order to pacify his -constituents, to introduce a Bill providing for the coinage of the surplus ailverin the Treasury at .the rate of 2,000,000 dollars a month, and when that is exhausted for the resumption of purchases at the same 2.000,000 dollars a month rate. Italsoprovidedforthe demonetisa- tion of gold in any coins of lees value than 10 dollars, and for the retirement of all bills pay able in gold for less than that sum. This last provision would absolutely destroy the use of gold in the country except as an instrument of foreign trade, for of course nearly all payments of 10 dollars and upwards are made by cheques, and if the 5 dollar and 2k dollar gold pieces are abolished silver will become the only pos sible medium of small exchanges. The Bill also gives power to the President to appoint five commissioners to attend an international conference to secure an agreement upon a common ratio between the two precious metals, and 80,000 dollars are appropriated for the expenses of such a commission. Every well informed man has of course believed all along— and none more strongly than the great European - bankers, although the European newspapers have given no inkling that such was the truth — that even Mr. Cleveland, how ever positively he may have declared against the Sherman Bill, was really in favor of a double standard whenever Great Britain could be either coaxed or coerced into a recognition of it The repeal . of the Sherman law has already aohieved the main benefit hoped from it — the aggrava tion of the difficulties of the Indian Government — and if it chose to do eo, the Washington Government, as it be lieves, could at any time plunge #11 Europe into acute distress by an issue of 200,000,000 dollars of gold bonds. Such a bond issue in some form will soon have to be made, because the -expenses of toe Government are tempo rarily greater than its receipts, butt it has the option of raising the money either at home — which it can easily do by emitting, like the French Government, bonds of small denomi nation — or abroad, by emitting bonds of 1,000 dollaxsand upwards. In thelatteroase.itscredit being higher in the market even than that of Great Britain, it would draw away gold with ruinous facility, andacrisis would.as is believed, be reached whioh would compel an equitable recognition of the claims of silver. The Indian Government, as in the matter of silver coinage, has taken time by the forelock with a gold loan, but its position is certainly far weaker intrinsically than that of the United States. Fortunately, however, for the world at large the United States can only use its economic power at great cost to itself and the net result of all these movements will pro bably be the adoption of a conciliatory com promise. But holders of silver stocks who can afford to wait may possibly yet see their pro perty revive from its present depression, at least temporarily. » One of the great London newspapers is known to have retained a famous war corres pondent for the coming spring and we are all «p8culating about what would happen here if the long threatened European conflict should at last really break out If Great Britain were involved there would at once be, so it is believed, a revival of the American carrying trade, and it is even said that one of the members of the Naval Affairs Committee keeps in his desk a Bill providing for the immediate *rmnmTar to American registry of all vessels that may be in good faith bought abroad by Axnetioan owners. American shipyards, too, now are both numerous and well appointed, and the difference of cost between building on the Clyde and the Schuylldll is something leas than 20 per cent. Such speculations are, of course, mere castles in the air, and after all modern wars will all necessarily be short lived, and after the storm waa over the English advantage of superior cheapness wonld imme diately reassert itself. It may well be urged, however, as a consideration by no means to be neglected, that an outbreak of war wonld not mean, as it did once, the utter ruin of English shipowners, for there would be a market for their property ready to their band, thanks to the marvellous development of the world's wealth, and when it became again pomihto to reinvest their money in the old way they could do ao with comparatively little loss. The reason why the war was fatal to the American carrying trade was that in ship, txrildingxrood was supplanted by iron, and Americans ceased to be able to compete with tfeeir .great rivals on equal .terms. But after . the next great -war England will etfll have left v^faar former advantage of cheap and intelli gent labor and abundant capital; -and -5ne expectation that a wholesale transfer of HwilfiM iiiii;* ?Twii it ? American saval supremacy Seal progress towards American supremacy can only be made in the old way — by doing the work cheaper and better than anyone else. Hawaii is still a burning issue. The Presi dent has no doubt done what he conceived to be his doty, but politically he has sadly blundered, and it is nos too much to eay that he will never regain hiB popularity with the people at large. His own party are doing their -est to shield him. but they cannot venture to do no in open debate, and all effort is directed to postponing as long as possible a discussion on the floor of Congress of the facts of the ease. It is hoped neivher'party in Hawaii will resort to extremities, and at* long as there is no blood shed the pash to oblivion will be comparatively smooth and easy. It is already plain, how ever, that even against its will the United States cannot avoid assuming in some form a protectorate over the islands. It may decline to do so formally, bat it has been now dragged into the controversy, and there is no pomsiole way of escape. Tens of thousands of men have eent orders to the provisional govern ment to volunteer in its service at their own expense, and even if the queen were restored her tenure of power would be absurdly doubtfuL Congress, too, apart from party exigencies, is overwhelmingly on the side of the revolutionists ; and as soon as the question can be treated impartially — which will happen at the latest when Air. Cleveland goes out of power— both tides will agree upon some form of union. Even now, however, it is quite clear that the fear of what would probably have happened had there been an actual collision at Honolulu — the impeach ment of the President for exceeding his consti tutional powers and a bitter and terrible party struggle — has distinctly aggravated the exist ing depression. American influence steadily extends, at least indirectly, over a wider area. There is scarcely a country in Europe in which men who have been to a greater or less degree trained in American methods do not hold posts of responsibility and power. Garibaldi (whose candle factor}' on Staten Island is now a well patronised beer saloon) in times past, and Clemeneeau, in the day that now is, are conspicuous examples of what an American education can help to do for a man. The new President of the Swiss Republic, Emil Frey, is another of our graduates. In 1861 he en listed in the war as a sergeant in the Illinois regiment, and served until the collapse of the rebellion. He rose to be a captain, was captured at Gettysburg, passed a long time in Libby and Salisbury prisons, and was at one time marked out as a hostage under sentence of death in prospective retaliation for a Con federate officer also eo sentenced but never executed. Having been breveted major be re turned to Switzerland and became colonel brigadier in the Swiss Federal Army, Speaker of the National Council, Minister to Washing ton, vice-president, and now chief magistrate. Not very long after Frey left for home Vaillarjt, the anarchist, another adventurer of fortune, passed some years in Denver as a teacher of languages, Cornelius Herz being at the earns time in San Fran cisco, and Clemeneeau in New York. These four French-speaking men, all poor, might easily have dined at the same table in a 50-cent. Franco- American restaurant, and Rochefort on his way back via America from New Caledonia might quite possibly have also added himself to the party. 'Yet how strangely different are the paths which these men, diverging from practically the same point, have since followed ! General Grant once said of the Democratic party that it could always be depended upon to do the. wrong thing at the right time, and sometimes it seems as though a like criticism might be justly passed upon the labor men. The hard times have greatly indisposed the public . to look wich patience upon squabbles between employers and employed about mere points of etiquette, and for that very reason, apparently, the New York Musical Union have taken it into their head to insist vigorously upon a rule which is of ex tremely doubtful wisdom. No matter how skilful in his art, nor how loyal to it at home in Europe, a musician, cannot play in America. in an orchestra until he has lived here six months. The initiation fees of the union, therefore, are really so much money and halfa year's idleness. This is bad enough in an ordinary case, but it is simply intolerable when, as sometimes happens, a musician of a particularly rare kind ' is needed here to fill up a gap in an orchestra. A tew years ago Theodore Thomas got into trouble by bringing here an oboe-player, and the union would not let the man play, although there was not a, single perron in the American Union who could play even badly, upon the same instrument. Walter Damrosch, the leader of the Symphony orchestra, has just had an equally disagreeable experience. He brought over from Germany a violin player of a Bpecial kind— not a competitor in any way of any . American musician — and on the second evening of the Mian's engagement, just as an audience of several thousand people had settled themselves down for a delightful evening, the rett of the orchestra, without a word of warning, announced a strike and left the stage, pursued by the hisses of the spectators. The money was returned to the ticket-holders at the box- orfioe, the payments, as is usual in such cases, ex ceeding largely the cash in the till, and Air. Damrosch then negotiated for a week with the union, with the result of obtaining as a special favor permisHion for his violinist to play eolos as an artist, bub not to join in the concerted passages. Surely the worst enemy in the world of organised labor could hardly do more mischief to the cause than is thrust upon it by an exhibition of such pitiable spite and ob struction. This is the very home, however, of organisa tion. The working men only display in a minor degree the eatne epirit which animates every class of the community, and the courts are kept busy in attempting to restrain all sorts of impcrio. in impcrio within reasonable bounds. Even as a workman looks upon a blackleg — '6eabr- is the yet more unpleasing American epithet— as the vilest of created beings, so the millionaire resents with equal bitterneEB the interference of a fellow magnate in some trade bargain. Between the two, all sorts of trades men try to assist each other by specially help ful regulations. Tailors and such like, of course, exchange their black-lists of bad cus tomers, and tfae chronic spendthrift in New York eoon find 3 himself reduced to' a basis where the things he must have can only be procured for actual cash. The undertakers — but that is a slip of the pen, for they now style themselves 'funeral directors' — have, how ever, carried matters to the very extreme of strictness, for the rule of their associa tions is that no man shall bury a corpse, even for cash, eo long as a bill is out standing against the game family for a prior funeral; and in Louisville the other day a lawyer, who owed a bill for burying his father, had to get his wife interred as a pauper by the city authorities, simply because the Funeral Directors' Association had put him on their black-list. Of course, in these hard times the Thespians are faring very badly. Henry Irving and Ellen Terry, and Cuquelin and Jane Hading are both hero, but even they sometimes play before not a few empty seats. The managers, like the manufacturers, have cut salaries down to the free-trade level, and even at that the 'ghost''1 sometimes fails to walk at the ap pointed hour. In such a season of gloom only old friends in the shape of plays can be tolerated, and novelties are few and far be tween, nor iB there one of them just at present entitled to special mention. 