SNO.WBALL. [By the Author of ' Paulina Lisle.'] PART IV. CHAPTER XL. 'EBB I CBA8E TO LOVE HEE, MI QUEEN1.' It is a May day, cloudless, flawless, sunny, breezy. ? Isle Perdrix lies like an emerald in its sapphire ?setting, in the dancing waves of Bay Cbalette. Ifc is yet early morning — not quite nine o'clock. But even at this matutinal hour the shrill-pitched French-Canadian voice of old Ma'am -Veesy rises -on the sunny air in accents of keen reproach. The yellow-painted kitohen is one flood of eastern sun shine ; the rows of burnished tin and copper make the beholder wink again; two huge family cats 'bask in front of the polished cooking-stove ; pots of geraniums and pink roses on the window-sills scent the air ; a fragrance as of tea and toast is in the \- atmosphere. Unsoftened by all these mellowing influences, Ma'am Weesy stands, with hands on hips, and pours forth a torrent of reproach in mingled French and English. Jemima Ann stands near, and listens and laughs. The culprit, out in the iop-wreathed porch, tries, also in foreign accents, to make himself heard. ' Sure, thin, 'bwasa'b my fault — that I may niver» av it was, ould Wasy ! It wa3 all the doin' an' the divilment av Masther Johnny. 4.x himself, &v; ye don't b'lave me. There he is now, forninst ye, an' divil another word av yer abuse I'll take this ? 'blissid day, av ye wor twice the ould catamaran ye are !' With which, Tim stamps away, indignantly, and another manly form takes his place. ' What's the row ?' demands the new-comer. *' What the deuce, Ma'am Weesy, are you and old Tim kicking up such a clatter about at this time of morning ?' ' Ah ! Ion jour, M'sieur Jean !' Instantly all trace of wrath vanishes as if by magic from the face of Ma'am Weesy ; her coffee colored visage beams with pride and joy. Tim has only forgotten madaroe's bouquet after all, but Monsieur Jean has it, she fails not to perceive. ' Madame nearly ready, Miss Hopkins P' he says# ' Nearly ready, Captain John ; dressing. I v, ill 'tell her you have come, and give her her bouquet/' ' And I will give you some breakfast, Monsieur Jean,' suggests radiant Ma'am Weesy. No, Monsieur Jean says, he doesn't want any thing. His appetite has deserted him this morning, it appears ; he looks and feels nervous and fidgety, and keeps pulling out his watch every few minutes and glancing at it with impatient eyes. 'I wish it were this time to-morrow,' he growls, inwardly, ?' all the to-do over, and Inno and I — ? dear little soul ! fairly out on blue water, with alj the staring eyes and gaping tongues left behind. It's a capital thing to marry the girl of one's heart, no doubt, but its a very considerable bore getting the preliminaries safely over. I'll go down to the l-each and smoke a cigar, Weesy,' he says aloud ' When madame is ready, call me, will you ?' For Dolores— once Lady Valentine — is 'madame' here, and for the last fourteen months has bidden Jierself and her -sorrows and her widowhood in the . ;flea- girfc seclusion, so of ten sighed for, of Isle Per drix. George Valentine brought and left her here ; ? ? - when he departed to assert his rights and pro ' '-claim his identity as the next in succession to Valentine. And now, standing before the dressing glass in her little room, she is robing for a bridal, and -feeling as if the past years had dropped away from ?her life like a bad dream, and that it is the jubilant girl, Snowball, who sings softly to herself and smiles back at her own fair image in the mirror. It is John Macdonald's wedding-day, and Innocente Desereaux is the bride. It is a very fair and girlish Snowball who comes downstairs, pink roses in her cheeks and starry brilliance in her eyes; a ?rose and a star herself, so it seems to Captain John 'Macdonald, who catches a glimpse of thiB sunny -vision, and comes in. ' By Jove !' he says, and stands and loots at her, 'if Inno had not done for me before you came — well, it's of no use talking now of the mighthave Tieens. You look like a rosebud yourself, Snowball — queen lily, and rose in one; and will outshine my Inno herself, if you don't take care. Nothing ' else; in St. Gildaa, of course, will have a ghost of a chance near you.' ' What a charming courtier you are, Johnny !' retorts ' madame,' derisively. ?' Such delicate flattery, and subtle comp'.iment. If you cannot, acquit yourself more creditably than this, sir, you had better leave it to those who understand the business. Outshine your Inno, indeed ! You know very well if the Venus Aphrodite rose from thesutf there this moment, you would consider the goddess xather a plain-looking young woman compared to your Inno. Stand off a little and let me look at you.' John Macdonald does as he is bid, and laughingly ?'.stands at ease,' and foldB his arms, and holds iimself erect for inspection. 'I really do not think Inno need be ashamed of you much this morning,' she says; 'only I hope you wont flounder about and be awkward, Johnny, .and drop the ring and turn a bright crimson at the wrong time, and make a guy of yourself generally when we get to church. Pere Louis will be sure to laugh at you if you do ; you know his dreadfully keen sense of the ridiculous always ; and with the sisterly-motherly regard I have for you, my dear toy, it would pain me to see the finger of risibility pointed at you on your wedding-day. You will ?try and conduct' yourself rationally ?' implores Dolores. 'Yes, I'll try,' says Captain Macdonald, and laughs; 'with your maternal eye upon me, how can I fail? Ten o'clock, Snowball,' pulling out the perpetual watch j ' look sharp, will you, like a dear girl ? Have you had anything in the way of breakfast, or will you wait for the breakfast ? It takes place you know at eleven.' ' I know. I will not be late. I will take a cup of tea, please, Ma'am Weesy, nothing more. Did you,' — she asks this carelessly, her face averted while sipping her tea— 'did you receive the letter you looked for last night after I left — from Mon sieur Paul, I mean ?' ' One from Monsieur Paul — Sir George Valentinei rather— none from Eene. Sir George's letter is all light; what might be expected from such a thorough good fellow. He will come — he will be here by the afternoon train (D.V.), to wish' us felicity and all that. But it will be no end of a tore if Sene fails to put in an appearance.' ' You fitill hope, then, that he may come ?' ' Well, you see, while there's life there's hope, as they say; and the very fact of his not having written encourages me in the belief that he may be on his way. ' I haven't seen the dear old boy for years; it will spoil. even my wedding-day if he fails me now. Ready? Come on then.' ? ; V l';:.:y '?'., ?'? '? {To lie cohtiriwi-) '??:?.' 