THOU ART THE MAN ! By MISS BBADDON, Author of "Lady Audloy's . Secret, " "Aurora Floyd," Dead 'Men's 'Shoes," "Phantom , Forturio," " Wyllard's Weird," . '(Liko and Unlike," "All Along the River," ko. All Queensland Riohts Deserted. CHAPTER Xll.—(Conti>itinl.) . The lookup was away from everything, except tho coastguard, and tho constable's cottago oloso by. It had no doubt been found that with tho coaetcruard on one side and the con- ' stablo on tho othor, this -village .gaol was tolerably seouro as a temporary place (of durance. "Toll mo what wo havo to do P" Sibyl said, presently. 44 Wo have to got yonr friend clear away before daylight. I have hoen thinking it but sinco wo loft him. Tho only thing to be dono is to got bim on board a fishing smack whioli will land him somowhoro along tho coast, tho . farther from hero tho bettor. When he is on board her ho can ohango bis plothes for a spare suit of tho fisherman's which can bo : ready for him, and his own things, can bo stowed away or thrown overboard. When he sets foot on land again ho must appear as a rough sea going man, whom no ono will, think of identifying, with the missing gentleman from Ellerslie. What you,- havo to do is to got us muoh ready oosh as you can scrape together — a couple of hundred at tho least — and bring it to mo as soon as you possibly can. I shall - wait for you and tho money at tho Fisherman's Rest — the inn at tho othor end of the village — not tho. HigginBon Arms, whore you loft your maid. And while you are gotting tho monoy I shaU bo making my bargain with tho mon who are to find tho boat, and trying to seouro Coxon, tho oonBtablo." "I have my own account at the Newcastle Bank. My father opened an account for ino on my last birthday. I can write any oheques youwant." " Cheques ore no use. The mon wouldn't look at a cheque— least of all Coxon, whoso conseionco will have to bo bought. You must got mo gold or notes." "" " It will bo diifioult. I could only get thorn from father." " Then you must appoal to your father. This is a mutter of lifo and death, remember, and wo havo only throe or four ho.urs. When to-night is gone our ohanco will bo gono." "I know, I know. Yos, it must be dono. My father must halp me." Thoy parted on the threshold of tho Higgin Bon Arms, commonly . spokon of na tho Arms, a house with oortain protonsions, and which had been known to aoo'ommodato an occasional tourist — a low, stone house, with aparlour that was tho prido of tho landlady's heart, and whose chief ornament was a monstrous and stony-looldng stuffed salmon) against a back ground of impossible foliage, in a glass caso. Here, in contemplation of a round table, furnished with a largo assortment of pious literature, sat Miss Higginsou'a maid, Forriby, yawning dismally. " Sho started up at her mistress's ontranco. " Lor, miss, I thought you was novor coming baok," said Forriby, who had boon promoted from tho village sohool to attandanoo on Sir J osoph's daughter. "It's past cloven o'clock. ' ' "I can't help that, Ferfiby. AYomust make hasto homo now ; como along.". - Not a word said Miss Higginson to her maid during the hurried walk through a lane and across a field, to a gato which ' oponod into Ellorslio Park. It was a long and lonely walk under a darkly threatening sky, and Forriby, with tho vivid remembrance of last night's horror, felt as if' tho air were thick with ghosts. They heard tho stable clock striking twelve before they came to tho side door near Sibyl's rooms, tho key of whloh was in Fernhy's packet. "It will be daylight at four," thought Sibyl, " only four hours." She was glad to see the lighted windows of her father's offieo, and to know that either he or his confidential man was still up. "Shall I get you somo lemonade and a bisouit before you go to bed, Miss ?" asked the maid. " You will bo dreadfully tired after that long walk." " Nonsense, Ferriby, you know I think nothing of suoh a wulk. I don't want any thing, and I'm not going to bed just yet. But you oan go as soon as you like. I shan't want you any more to-night." | y Not to brash yonr hair, Miss? I should like to give your bpir a good brushing. It might bo a relief to your poor head." "No, no. There is nothing amiss with my head." "Oh, Miss, I don't believe there can bo a head in this houso as doesn't aohe— after what wo all went through last night," and Forriby burst into toars. / "Go, go," oriod Sibyl, imperiously.' '.'Do you think toars nan do any good P " "Thoy can't bring hor .book," whimpered Forriby, "but thoy easo an aohing -'eart. Let me take your- 'at 'and scarf,) Mies, at least." "No. , Haven't I told you to goto bed? Don't worry me." Fen'iby, upon being"' thus ornolly snubbed, wont sobbing upstairs. She was a year or so older than Sibyl, who had tuught her in tho Sunday sohool, and whom she adored. This was the first time her young mistress had spoken so unkindly. "Who can wonder at .it?" murmured Ferriby, between hor .sobs, "wo'ro all of us un'iuged." Sibyl wsnt to her - father's door, and found it locked as it had been oarlicr in the evening,; Sir' Joseph had been in that room all day, so far as Sibyl knew. -Thcro had boon no 'family meeting at dinner, Mr. Urquhnrt had sat at tablo alone undor the searching eyes of bntler and footman, and had oaten according to those attendants about as muoh of, each, course as would lio on a shilling, and -yet ho looked cool enongli, and hardly, a.hlt- out up, said the butler. . Grief lit the servants', hall .was more demon strative, hut did -not- show, itself In. loss, of appetite, . "Father I want to speak to you. - -Pray let mo in. It is about something very urgont."/ She hoard hor father's footsteps across the room, with a heavier tread than usual, .Hb unlocked the door, and she went in, and father, and daughter stood for a few moments looking at caoh other in the lariplight.V \- Sir Joseph's eyelids Jwore -red and - mvoilonj - Ms swartb j ritln was deadly iale,/ani. liia wholo aspect boro.tho marks of a complete abandonment to .grief. Sibyl put hor urme round his ncok, and 'kissed him with com passionate love. "Dear fatkor, I am so sorry for your griof. I know how dearly you loved her." "Not so dearly as I ought to have' loved her, Sibyl: Imnde hor aVdopendent-.in my house— only a humble dependent: : That is a bittor thought, Sibyl, now she . ,is gono— gono) from us by such 'a oruol fate. ' My God, my GodP" : ' His hands olutohcd distraotodly at his hair, he sank down, into the choir where he had been ' sitting when Sibyl came to the door, and tho irongray head was bowed over tho tablo, amongst tlio scattered papers whloh his trembling hands had tossed hero and there in' the. vain protence of attending to the day's business. " "Dear father, ' you donied her nothing ; sho was liko my sistor. You oan havo nothing to rogret in your eonduat to hor. You were all goodness " "i" ' \ " You don't '-know, ohild. Don't talk to me -about hor. It Frits' mo to hoar you talk of her. Tho blow has fallen, and I must bear it." " Father, I want you to answer one question. . Do you boliovq..,tbat Brandon Mountford murdered hor? " . ' , ; "No. I .- do not-/-zio, in spite of the dunning evidence; against him. No, for - a man' of his 'character and linoago, my dear wife's racb-)- Buoh a deed muSt /bo impossible. I cannot' beliove him guilty, though ovory oiroumatanoc indicates guilt. - No, I behove she dras sacrificed to tho malignity of somo rnffian who had a quarrel against mo." " Against you, father. Why, all your men adoroyou;" "No, Sibyl. There are always blaok sheep; However papular an omployor may be, ho is novor without enemies. If I havo beon a liberal, easy-going master to good servants, I havo been hard us iron in my dealings with bad subjects. I have dealt out oven-handed justico. I liavo made oxamples wlion tboy were needed. I should novor have held my own with that rough lot if I had boen afraid of lotting 'om havo' it hot when thoy tried to get tho upper hand. It's likely enough that some vindiotive follow struok at me, through her, through my poor, innocent girl. Thank God for ono thing, there were no signs of a struggle. Tho villain's knife took her hy surprise. Three Bwift blows from tho savago hand— no struggle, no timo for terror and agony. Death, sudden death— only death." Tho largo, muscular hands wore strained uoross his oyes, and tho stooping shoulders woro shaken by tho violence of his sobs. "My poor girl ; caught liko a lamb in the olutoh of a tiger — but it wos'death, swift and sudden. God was moroiful. It might have been worse." Sibyl knelt by his chair, clinging to him, loaning hor hoad . against his arm, trying to comfort him by muto sympathy, a love that needed no words. . / When tho storm i was over he looked down at hor kindly, but with a far-off look, as if ho hardly roalisod hor identity. "You wanted somothing," ho said; "what wasitP" " I want you Jko givo mo some money, father; a good d$ial— at least two hundred pounds, ready money. I can givo you my ohequo for tho full amount. I have drawn very little of the five hundred pounds you paid into the bank for mo on my birthday — butl must have two hundred: pounds to- night, in notes or gold." Hor father looked at her wonderingly, but with tho look of a man whose troubled brain is only dimly impressed by any oirenmstanoo outside tho point upon which all his thoughts are centred. . j "I don't understand what you can want with so muoh money," ho said. " Is it for someone in distress?" " Yos, for someone in great distress." " Suroly to-morrow would be timo enough ! " "No, no, it must be to-night." "How impulsiyo you are— just liko your poor mother. Thoro is somo money in that drawor — the drawer with tho key in it — somo notes that wero brought mo this morning. Nearly £300 ; coma of my Maroh ronts. Tako what you want and go. I am hotter alone. This muddled head of mine oan' t stand tho strain of talking to anyone— not even to you." Ho rose and walked up and down tho room, while Sibyl knolt in front of his writing table and opened tho money drawor. Tho notes- woro of various denominations, and. it took her somo minutes to mnke up the sum sho required ; and thon she wont to hor father, kissod him silently, and left him with a murmured good night. . Sho mot his faithful secretary creeping out of tho billiard-room, whora there was a solitary lamp burning. "You will look after my poor fathor, won't you, Mr, Olobor ? Ho ia in a sad state of mind." "Yes, I am waiting for him. I hope I shall got him to bod presently. Ho was up all last night. It is killing work foreman his ago. I wish you could stay with him, Miss Higgin son. You might -help to porsuado him to ;take somo rest." ... .'" '. ;i "No, no; ho/ doesn't want me," Sibyl answered hurriedly, as sho wont towards the lobby that qponed to the garden. Sho had - not- i&ken; off her hat or jaokot. Andrew Olebar looked after ber wondoringly, as sho vanished in the darkness of tho' corridor. That sho should bo leaving her fathor when her presence might have hoou useful to him was strango , in so affoctionato a daughter. That she should bo drpssod for walking at that hour of the night was oven moro surprising. While he stood thinking over her eondnot he heard tho lobby door shut, blown to by tho wind whioh was just beginning to rise. - Tho door had slipped out of Sibyl's . hand while she was tlying to shut it, noiselessly. Tho sky was moonloss and starless, and thero W03 a.fino, drizzliug rain faljing, scarcely more poroeptihle than a dew, and it was not till ehe w8b -near ths end of hor journoy that Sibyl knew the ponotrating oapnolty of that fine rain, hut by that time her thinoloth jaoket was wet through. \- Thero was a light burning in . a lower window at tho Fishercnun)a Reat, but tho door was shut, .and/ Sibyl-stood, for . a tow moments wondering whether sho ought to knock, when sho saw a' bright- rod spot travelling towards hot) along tho, durk road, whioh proved to be tho lighted end.of.tJrquhart's oigar. /V "You liavobcbn voryquiok," hesaid as he. damo to her. . .".Have you got tho money ?" Yos, £200. in, notes— 20's,. XO's, nnd 6's," ianswerod SlbyJ, binding hlm.tbp paokot, . //m be dbihrinhm to-mqeeow. A foot worthy' of noto is that in many Gor- man faotorios 'tho ; f emalo ' employees ; are for- /biddeiito.woaxpbrabtadming'worlrin bours.' .: 