A COUNTRY SWEET HEART - By DORA RUSSELL, Author of "Footprints in the Snow," "The Broken Seal," "The Track of the Storm," " "The Vicar's Governess," "The Last ' Signal," " His Will and Here," &c.; [Published by speolal arrangement with the author. AH rights reserved.] Chapter XXXVII.—A Sudden Change. May and Sister Margaret _ stayed another fortnight at Hastings after this sea excursion, and Webster went twice down to see them during this time and Sister Margaret was satisfied in her own mind that everything was progressing as she could wish. Then the weather broke up and storms and gales swept round the coast and the sea foam flew into the town. And it was only when this happened that Webster yielded to May's repeated re quests for them to return to London. She wished now most earnestly to commence work ing to earn her own living and bad had some correspondence with Dr. Brentwood on the subject. He had arranged that she should join the staff of nurses at St. Phillip's as pro bationer, and Sister Margaret had already given her some instructions. But twice during this time a strong temptation rose in Ralph Webster's heart; a temptation, however, which he ohecked, and this was to ask. May to be his wife and so shelter her all her future life.' "It would butt frighten her and make her uneasy," lie-told himself; "no, it is too soon." So May went back to St. Phillip's with Sister:Margaret^ and when Webster saw her a^ain she was dressed in the blaclc gown and ; white cap and aprou of a nurse. She looked, however, so'charming in this costume that he could not conceal hiB admiration. "You look like—well, what shall I sov?" he said smiling. " A Sister of Light." "Do you mean an angel ?" answered May, smiling also. < "Ah, I wish I felt like one," " And how do you really like the life?" went on Webster with his dark eyes still fixed on her fair face. "There are painful things, of course," hesi-] tated May, " but still you always feel, thab j you are helping someone, and that is some-j thing." '| " Bub I hope they do not give you any hard j work;"any disagreeable work." " They are very good to me," answered May softly; " everyone has been very good—and as for yon, Mr. Webster " : "Being good is net in my way," answered Webster, hastily turning away his head. " I do not know what you call good then;. I cannot tell y ou what I think." May's voice faltered a little when she said this and Webster's self-imposed reserve per haps might have broken down,,but just at this momend Dr. Brentwood entered the room, as it was in his sitting-room that the interview between May and Webster was taking place. Indeed, it must be admitted that. "Mrs. Church" was treated with some favoritism by the house-surgeon ; and there were some plain nurses and soms plain probationers who made their private comments and remarks on this fact. . But May was so gentle and unassuming than as a rule she disarmed criticism. _ j. " It's her pretty face," they said, shrugging their shoulders ; " well, men are all alike," • And her pretty face had no doubt a great deal to do with it, and her pretty manner,, and her sad sweet smile. Dr. Brentwood openly saidi to Webster she was too handsome for a nurse, but he knew, as ail-men who looked at her knew, that she never sought or desired at tention or admiration of any kind. And so the quiet dreary months - drifted away and Maj' stayed on at St. Phillip's Hospital, and only Ralph Webster knew that she lived there. Of John Temple Webster heard nothing, except thab one day, when Christmas was past and gone, he accidentally met Mr. Harrison, the solicitor, who told him smilingly thab he had had a visit from the actress, Miss Kathleen Weir. "She had heard somehow," he said, "that \Mr. John Temple is now heir to bis uncle's estates, and she therefore wished her allow ance increased. But I put her off, my, dear sir, I put her. off; quite time enough when Mr. John Temple does succeed." "And where is Mr. John Temple now?" asked Webster. . "He is abroad; he .went abroad shortly after I had the visit from Miss Kathleen Weir and he looks shockingly ill, really shockingly ! I wish, I am sure, he may live to come into his inheritance." . - "What sorb of man is he? ■ '' He used to be a remarkably nice fellow; pleasant, and rather philosophical' in fact. But when I saw him lasb he had a mo3t shattered appearance, like a man who had gone through .some great mental strain or bodily illness. I fancy you ' know, Mr. Webster," added the little man, shaking his | head, " that that early and unfortunate mar riage of his haB been a most tremendous worry to him. . At least when I mentioned, Miss Weir having called at my offices he scowled and.muttered something about wishing he had never seen her face. He may, you see, now want toform a more reasonable marriage, but'there is.this millstone—a handsome enough mill stone though, ha, ha, ha! hanging about his neok." " He should not forget that he hung it him self- though," answered Webster grimly; and then he left Mr. Harrison. But when he next saw Kathleen Weir in reply to her eager enquiries he was able to toll her that he had heard that Mr. John Temple had gone abroad. "Bub where and when?" asked the actress quickly. - " That I cannot tell you." " But, Mr. Webster, I am anxious to know. That old rogue, Mr. Harrison, the solicitor, of course knows very well. But if I went to him he would not tell me. How am I to find out ?" "But what good would it do you to find] oub?" "Because I am convinced John Temple has something to hide. I want to be divorced from him, that's the truth, and if I knew where he was I could set detectives to watoh his move ments. Don't you see ?" " Unfortunately I oannob tell you where he | "I wonder if old Harrison would tell you ? Oh ! do be a good soul and help me if'you can," and she laid her pretty, white, be-ringed hand on his arm and looked in his face. " It's so stupid to be bound like this to a man who is perfectly indifferent to you, and, moreover, ! who actually detests you. I swear to you he looked as if he really hated me that day on Westminster- bridge. And why should I waste all my youth and my life ? His money is not worth it." . "It is a very hard oase, certainly." "I have felt this lately," said Kathleen Weir in rather a marked manner; "before I think I did nob care." _ Again she looked in Webster's face and with a sort of discomfort his keen dark eyeB fell before her large, restless grey ones. He was not a vain man, bub a vague canBciousnesB smote into His heart that this handsome woman had gegun to regard him with different feelings to hif own. This idea made< him.more chary of his visits and colder in his manner. And; Kathleen Weir, quick to perceive this, also drew back. Thus some weeks passed without him seeing her, when one morning an announcement in the Times brought her affairs more prominently before his -mind. This waB no less than anotice in the obituary I column of the sudden deabh of the Squire of | Wo'odlea— "On the 2lst inst., at Woodlea Hall,"Philip | Temple, Esq., aged 75, of heart disease." Webster read the announcement twice over, thinking all the while of the great changes it might bring ; not to the fair, black-robed pro bationer at St. Phillip's Hospital though, he decided; it could not touch her very nearly now,- but to John Temple and Kathleen Weir.' And yet on second thoughts ho remembered it would bring Temple back to England and would make the friends of the. missing girl more eager in their enquiries to learn ber fate. John Temple wouldprobably now be forced to tell what he knew and the fact of bis first marriage might be broughc home to him, therefore the knowledge of the Squire's death disquieted Webster exceedingly, and the day did nob pass withoub his receiving further news con cerning it. The evening post, m fact, brought :him a letter, from Kathleen Weir, and the notice from the Times of Mr. Temple's death fell out. of it when Webster opened the envelope. The actress had evidently written in : a state of great excitemet. "Dear Mr. Webster," he read, •"the en closed outting from the newapapef will tell you what has occurred; This Mr. Temple whose death it records is the unole of John Temple, who is his heir. John Temple is now,, therefore, a rich man and as I am unfortunately his wife he cannot preyenb (I suppose) my benefiting by his accession to fortune. Bub though money is a great thing, an immense thing, it iB not everything. John Temple, looking like.a ghost, with misery stamped on every, feature of his face. There was, I am' sure, some strong reason for this, for a.8 a rule he is an easy-going man, inclined to make-the, best of everything, as he used to think it nob worth while to strive with fate. "There I did and do disagree with him. It' is worth while ab any rate to try and make the best or one's, life, and it is mot making the best of mine, I think, to remain the wife of a man I never see. ;He is a rich man now, can afford to. pay: a long price, for his freedom, and Sis freedom I am certain he desires. What I mean is this : he will now be coming to England, and will, of • o'ourse, go down to the place me has inherited. • I want, therefore, someone to go to him and make him a proposition; to sayi in faob, Kathleen Weir, "the wife of .whom you are tired, is also tired 'of you and wishes .to be free from so, galling a tie. I am certain it might be arranged; only itisso difficult to write on such matters -and one can only do so to someone in whom you have com plete confidence. I have complete ' confidence in you, though I hav» Been so little of you of late,' buu I think I can understand the reason of this. At all events will you come to see me now and we can; talk the matter over. Will yoii come to-morrow evening? I shall be alone, as I have a whole host of things to tell you. • "Ever sincerely yours, "Kathleen Weib." Webster read this letter and at once under stood its meaning: Kathleen Weir wished to be free, and she believed that John Temple ■ had given her cause to seek a divorce and that if she were anxious to obtain one that he would offer no opposition j nay, gladly aid her in her desire. She also meant—and Web3ter smiled a little Bqbrnfully as he thought this—thab she intended to -make him pay for his freedom. They were to play into each other's hands in fact, and she wished some confidential friend . or agent to approach him on the subject. "I wonder if she intends this honor for me," he reflected bitterly. And he thought of May Churchill with a quick pang of pain. If : this woman could obtain a divorce and would accept money to be divorced, which no doubt John Temple would gladly, pay, he . would be free to marry May! Webster bit his lips and frowned angrily at this idea. This no doubt was Kathleen' Weir's design ; she ' would not scruple, she bad said; to invent a charge of cruelty against him, and for the rest she had a perfectly good case; Webster began walking restlessly up and down the room after he had considered the aetress's. letter, but he determined to do nothing to aid her. But if she succeeded what should he do ? What would be best and kindest to the poor girltfewhose heart John Temple had nearly broken? .: It was-a painful question, not easy to answer or to' solve, but at all events Kathleen Weir bad bob yet obtained her divorce. "Twill go and see her," he decided ; "Iwill ' learn exactly whab she means to do." Therefore on the following evening he did go to see her and she was very pleased to wel- ; come him. She started up as he entered the room and held out her'little white hand. ' " How good Of you' to come," she said. "I have been wishing so muoh to see you." "I came to talk over your great news," he answered with a smile. , "It is great news, isn't it ? Great and good news, for I hope 'soon it will free me of John Temple." " But—what have you to go upon ?" " I will find eomfething to go upon," said the . aotress half impatiently, j " .1 have his address at all events now, for he is sure to go to Wood lea: Hall, and look after his property,' and I must find someone—or- " '' And she paused and' thought for a moment, and then clapped her hands. "I must find someone," she re peated, "to go to him or go myself. There, Mr., Webster, what do you think of that? . What do you think of my going to visit my : lord in his new state? I would be a welcome visitor, wouldn't I, and no doubt could make a - splendid bargain with him in his eagerness to get rid of _me ?" . " But—it would expose you to a very pain- . ful scene?" "I am accustomed to scenes, you know," : answered Kathleen Weir, with a libble laugh. • " Do you know I think it is a splendid idea. At all events, we might mutually agree to meet somewhere and arrange also mutually to . get rid of each other ?" ' ' -"But what about the Queen's Proctor in- : tervening ?" ; Kathleen Weir gave an airy shrug of her • shoulders. ■ "We must manage to be .too clever for the Queen's Proctor and John Temple Pm cer tain will be only too glad to baok me up in anything I'say; T shalTbave some handfuls of hair ready' and swear he', tore them out of my head." ■ And Kathleen Weir laughed. But Ralph Webster did not laugh; He wag ; tbinkiug of May Churchill and how her fate might hang on the false words of this woman's tongue and he looked very grave when he rose '• to go away. " Going so soon," cried Kathleen Weir gaily. She was disappointed at his leaving so early, but she" did not wish to show this. "I can wait," she thought after he had . quitted the room; "they say everything comes to those who wait." (To be continued.) 