The ÄoriaenieFs' Association. í . -- IT must be admitted, from a reference to the proceedings of the Northerners* Asso- ciation at the meeting held last Monday, -that members'haye recognised the con» teñtien ¿hat .they aro . essentially, if not entirely,, a squattera' association. As au organisation for .the protection of the political interests of ¿a certain rather unequally self-ap^ section of the colony 'they have no piment raison d'etre, and they haye not even , the'ghost , of a gnevance, A8 the nucleus of a future ?jmttfw 'JûéMM. it & ; doubtful,! too, i whether, they halre mach future before ] .ira» frftf unwieldy colony like this will doubtless tome in good time, but it will be & matter of evolution and not revolution ; and we have only to bear in mind the tremendous but futile efforts of the North Queens- ; land Separation League to see that such an end is not to be artificially aud prema- turely accomplished. However, setting aside this subject, it must, be admitted that the work done by tho Association on Monday Was, as a whole, of a very practical and, it may be hoped, useful character. Local needs received the attention they are entitled to, and northern members of the coming Parlia- ment should find their hands decidedly strengthened by the existence of an Association for the protection of northern interests, which virtually has its head quarters in Perth. As a matter of fact, the Capital is the only place where the northerners can periodically meet and consider district needs, and give them effective representation through the Press, which they may be sure will always be ready to afford full and ample publicity to the proceedings of the Association. lt is indeed most satisfactory to this jour- nal to see the Association taking up matters which it has so long laboured for, such as the opening up of a travel- ling- stock route from tho north, and the better administration of the Scab Act. We look to the members of the Associa- tion to give ns the benefit of their ex perieneed views os those matters, and also upon the equally important question of opening up stock rentes to the colonies across the "border. As to the other- sub- jects dealt with, snoh as the Droving Act and the extension of the Mullewa Railway, they have the support and sympathy of the Sonthern portion of the colony, and their consideration will certainly not be Í neglected by the WESTERN MAIL.. 