AetrrtOSTLr l7AT'fIII 1 (AKEPl. |IN)LY allow mo to introdsuc3 .tysolf. Of course, you will imagine that the somewhlat commonplace person who calls himself the author of thisatory is addresosing you. Nothing of the sort. I have rented him for the occasion, although I am senosiblo he makes but a poor vehicle for the trans- 1 mission of ghostly thoughts and ideas. Still, as it was necessary to materialise myself for this occasion, and he happened to be to let, I closed with him at once, on the condition a that he should have a vacation in' space until midnight. This arrangement will enable me to briefly tell you how I, a disembodied ghost-not that I ever heard-of any other kind of ghost -anm speaking to you with the voice of a living man-at least he thinks himself a masn. I want to tell how I visited Aunt 1 Mlatilda aid had it out with her. I admit that the proceeding was rude, but I really I couldn't help myself. Any ghost with a shadow of shadowy self-respect would have treated her in the same way. Only last night I was off duty in Shadow. land. Something had disagreed with me. My bones ached; they weren't properly articulated--I believe that is the correct ternl. One also suffers from rheumatism in Ghostland, not to any great extent, but just sunlliciently so to be unpleasant. "Kindly put out your tongue," said my professional adviser, still sticking to wordly phraseology from sheer force of habit. I hadn't a tongue, so I couldn't. d ' My dear Bifiles," he said (my name is la"hn dnmg sha inthbribs until they tled" my dear Billes," what we want is of scene.. We're .ecidedly low- a or- mething. "We've been here growing monotonous. We must have a night off. We want tone -bracing up--we want to think ef something unpleasant slwhich will instantly dissilpate the placidlity of Ghostland. Someone who used to iquarrel with us in the old days when we were alive. Tisnk, we must think, of some one downl there." "No; can't think of anyone down there." I said, after a moment of shadowy reflec- e tion; " it's a long time ago." "'t'hink," my doctor repeated, as he felt for an imaginary watch, andl rammed it into a non-existent pocket. " Soneone who used to disagree with you very much. 1)idn't you-el--ever marry down there?" Then I remembered clatilda. A shudder ran down my spine. " No-no," I said ; " very nearly, but she wriggled out of it." "Is he--el-still down there ?" lie asked, in his old professional tones. " We want a c tonic, my dear Biltles-wo want tone-we want rousing-forcibly rouisng-we-we must look her ip if she hasn't married. Slhu'll rouse us. Who was she?" " Matilda," I said sorrowfully, for I didn't want to be roused (I remenoaber Matilda's methods of rousing me in the past). She was very pretty then, but had a-a temp)er t enough to make your bones rattle. "Alt, yes; just vihe very thing, the very y thing for us," he inuraunred. " Go down and call there to.night. You will be thank ful enough to get back again, but, it will, doubtless, make a little change for you." n Somnehow I had forgotten all about Dsatiila. She had been one of the dreams I had failed to grasp when I was alive. We were psychical aflinities once. Ifowi pretty t she was thien ! (Goldens Isair, too, and blue C eyes, and a voice like the soft music of the rvind among the piue tops when-when sle i wasn't angry ; but when she was angry it became like the roaring of a gale at sea. tl Ah, that temper ! She said she would never marry a sman who smoked, unless he did it is in at greenhouse where it would keep off the flies. And so we had parted. She said thtat I seemed to think that matrimony was all t, smoke; and that smoke-in drawing.-roomo curtains was a tlhing no woman would put up with. So we agreed to disagree. I caught the ten o'clock Phantom Special, c and reached London in forty-five seconds. The guard landed me in Mlatilda's dlrawivtig room. In another second I found myself confronting two psychical affinities. Just imagine yourself transferred from the chill, shadowy depths of Ghoastland to a wosld of warmth and light and love. The fire burned brightly; a cat purred on the hearth. The room was gay and cosy, the air sweet withthhe fragr'ance of flowrers. Not the scent. of cold, dead blossoms, but liviing incense which floated around what had unce been my heart, as I raised n,y hands in mote benediction over his black curls and her i golden hair. I gathered from their convetsation that the golden-hlired girl was Matilda's niece. lie was called I)ick, and her mime wasl Emily. I further gathered that shie wa a dependlent on IlatiltI, who ruled her with the toll of iron wherewith siho had ruled mei in thie days of old, when I was expec:letl either not to smoke or to tlo so without spoiling the curtains. Matilda, it nsappeared, Ihail reslslved never to consent to Iick and Emily's nusrriaye, L which was just what might have been expected front Malilda. Matilda had gone so bed with cotlon wool in her ears and a cold in her nose. And poor Dick had crept down thie area, and cook had ii let him in to spend a few msinules with the beloved one, just to renew their vows and ,s comfort each other. lie was full of hope. The world was hard, lie said, but. love was stronger than the world or even death itself, and lie would conquer the' world, I and they would live halppily ever f after in a suburban villa, withouit being c afraid of even a tax collector. Then lie somewhat sorrowfully, for all hisi bravo words, wene . anway, mand Elsmily, her face buried in the sofa, prayed for sometlhing to soften that portion of blatilda's anatomy which sihe called a heart. I felt a phantom tear steal down where my nose should have been. Then I laid my flesh-hand on Emily's shoulder and pressed a shadowy kiss upon her fair white forehead. "Don't be afraid, my dear," I said, softly. "I'll tackle Moa"l -"- 'hi can't hurt me now;" and I wai ustIt la, before Emnily could give more than a startled little scream and hide her face in the sofa cushion. I suppose it was rather a rnle thing to enter a lady's room at that hour, especially as I hadn't been invited to do so, and did'nt i even knock. But I was very angry with lMatilda. She lhad smade me miserable on f earth for twenty years, And now slte was -oarsl- ying.on the nsame bsort of thins' with these youngi peopule. J pbrcled on t?ro ril at the foot of thie bebi, and tried to psevent my teeth from chlattering. Matilda smat ip in bed with the wool inii hler ears and a stockinig lied rornd hserlhead. As a preliminary proceedilng I blew out the wool. Itis a favourite trick ofyou mortals to stuff things in your ears and not listen. A fire burnt cheerfully in the grate. (Mlatilda always could intake care of hlerself.) On hlier little roundl table stood a bottle labelled "The mixtusre. T'ro be Inken as before." It smelt (in spite of disguising peppermint) like some I had tnsteds-some thing with an aroma-at bachlelor parties when I was alive. I reacihed over, and, forgetting my iphysical limitaltions, drasnk me. Yes,I was right; it was much :stronger than peppcsermmt. It ran down over the bedl, bat, fortunately for me, Matilda failedl to iotice it. As I scurried backe to the bed rail, Matilda saw me and.groained. (Matildo was always rude.) She appeared to be terribly frighiltened. "'It's only meo Matty," I said, thinking the endearing diiimiintive "il MatLy " might soothe hlier. '"It's oly me. I've just ldropped in for a quiet chant-from up tlhere.' u Matilda's wrinkled and ill.lempered old face turned white. She Isied to hide it in the clothes, but I woivIsn't let her. " I'm--I'm afraid it is rathler illleicate, IMatty," said. " But I'm ihere on busil. ness, and it won't keep. It's no inee screaming for anyone. They can't turn me out." Matilda recovered, (Thiat woman al-aays bt pleity l~V( . MpV ) '! I's y ?91 i plt " "1-- fa1ucield y..oi i I gone to a place where they couldn't vivo up smoking." Just like K1atty. Always ungenerous, ialwvays unforgiving. It made me feel alive 'nin justa to hear her shrewish tones. She evidently wasn't a bit afraid of me now. That made the whole scene seem natural at once. " Just explainl whlat you mean by coming n at this hour. If you'd been alive you would not have dared. I'd have scratched your eyes out." " True enough," I said, meditatively. " I should have been frightened. Time hasn't softened you much, Mlatty." " No," she said, " I'm as tough as old red sandstone. If you don't go away I'll throw things at you. What do you want?" " Only one thing," I said. " You're very comfortable here, Mlatty. How do you do it ? T'o and tlhree.quarter per cent. Goschens ?" " Never you mind," she snapped. " You left me the money." " Yes," I said, thougltlully nursing my left leg and balancing myself in an airy attitude on the rail, just to let her see that I wasn't frightened. " Yes, I did. That's what I've come about." " Well, you can't have it," she replied. "You'd better be off. If you come again c I'll prosecute you. You never did hare any sense of Iropriety wvlen you were alive." " Alvays hasty, Mlatty. Au, me; what an escape I had." She sat up in bed angrily, "If you don't go I'll have you turned out." " If you're not quiet 1'11 compromiso you, Matty, ' I said. "You rigid W\Vesleyans don't like a scandal, and I'll materialise myself. How do you like tlhat?"" "'.If you take tihp same shape you once had,"she replied, ' I shouldn't like it at all. What d'youil ?" " Only one hi i-s'risbuh iSu it'lm you re arg, ? tty. 'lThere wasi always some thing Oriental in your style of beauty. Oh, yes ; it was just a, trifle 1 wanted." " What is it?" " You must make over your 2 per cent. Goschens to your niece and consent to her marrinHge with Dick, or"--I paused significantly. " Or what ?" she enquired. " Well, you see-but I'd rather not explain." "You must." " Oh, very well, if you insist I suppose I'll have to. You know where you hinted I r camiie from ?" She nodded until her turba ealme off. " Well, I don't want to seem unkind, i Mlatty, but unless you do as I wish abo cut that little matter you'll have to go back with Iec." She shl ieked. Then sihe reflected. " I could make it very uncomfortable for you there, I suiposeI?" " Perhaps, but I'm williug to give up my personal comfort for the sake of those young people."t " Youe alays were a fool," she sneered. (Her rudeness was quite refreshing. I felt over so much better.) " You always iwere a fool. Ilt I'll do i,, if only to get rid of 1 you." "It,' a promise ?" I asked. "Ofcourse ; I never break my wvord." "No; you'd rather break someone's else's heart. 'hen we may consider this little matter arranged?" I slid on to Ilhe counterpane and laid an icy hland upon her heart. " Yes--yes," she gasped. " I)--dlon't do that again; you'll make my cold worse. Only go and I'll swear to do it." "No, your promise is sutllcient," and I e turned to go. "That's anil. Goodlnight." "Good-nilght! sile snappio i, " I'l settle all that to.iuorrow." "You-you wouldn't like to shake hands?" I suggested timidly (I always was afraid of her). "Shake halnds before cwe part. I mnightn't get a night olf for another twently years. We -we've had a very enjoy able tele.-a-ter. Quite like old times." She held outs hand almost as cold as my own. Then she began to cry. P'eople do cry after taking too much cpepplermint. " hat's the matter, Matilda i" I asked, in astonislunent. "I really did love you," she sobbed. " I -Ishould like to kiss you just once." 1 started back in tee ror. " Really, fMatilda, I have a repuation to mainlai,. This is alittlle too nuchl. I'm only an upro. tected ghost. You shouldn't, you know, really," and I sped from the room. "I vwnler if that sweet girl will ever know," I thought to myself, as I entered Emily's room. Enfoldedl in her golden hair, shie l.y sleep ing, a smile uipon her lovely lips. ller white eyelidls were closed over her beautvi-. fill eyes: one little while hand lcy on the coverlet. I fell on smy ghnstly knees, andl, the warmth and life of the gill's sweet nature stole into me an I lifted hIer lhad to my phantom lilps and tlihen faded noiselessly away into the ]Kingdom of D])eams an ul Shalilows, back to the quiiet, drowsy hanl, s of mny fellow-spirits, there In linger. Ihonugih longing to take my place nagain in all the lit. fil fever and the striffewhich menl call life.- LExcha n;e. A NOBLII ACT. TuIIE w as n old negrno llfilg(ii ill a skiff on the heard waters of the Licking. lie was tishilnmg-fish inighl.y line dlown th.lat. wasy. Hi had a boy in the boat with himn who kept looking into the water until he lost hipi balance andl disaplpeared in the water. Quicker thian I could tell you the old ian had hisi coat ofland dlove for thie boy. lile brought hlim ilp all right, ind lthen rowedl for the bankl. Wh'en they got out, dripping, of course, a white mlan, who had seen the wholloe busiess, complimented the old mani I on his heroic act. "le must be a son of yours? " said the white nmal. " No; no, sah ; no son of miine." "Nephew, then i?" " No, sah." " Cousin ? " "N no; n cousin." "Then you deserve all the more credit for saving hise life." " 1Well, I deonn' know 'bout dat, boss. You cee he had all lde bait in his pocket." AND LINDLEY MURRAI WEPT. To a I'arlk-row wailer belongs the proud distinction of utering lwhat is probably tihe imost iungrammatical sentence ever evolved from the lbrain of illiterate man. Saturdaily afternoon an oldl mn took his sent at thIe table, nid gave his usanl order to a new and rat erease.hardened plate-. tosser. " Wniter," hie replied, as the dishes were ;lhmecd down befoe himn, " this beef isn't suufficicntly undlerldone." \With asmiloof contempt, the servitor bore the viauds back to the kitchen windlow, and retumrned a moment later withlbut ihaving chaniged them. "Say old get," hlie hissed lthroughi his cliucheid leeti, " we ain't got io beef what's ino unlderdoncer I" SOMIE "DON'TS" FOR GIRLS. I)os'(T believe implicitly everyllthing he tells you lwhen hlie is wooing you. Don't let him win your love too easily; imen do nobt like that; they would rathler hove a little Irouble to gamin you. I)on't worry the life out of hlim by asking lim L" \WVhy do you love me 1?" He does not always have an nnswer for you. Don't bother himn too much about your ihats and gowns; a man likes to think you dreseto please him, but he has other things to talk nbout. I)Don't igniore the fact wvhei he wears a new necktie; if a maen has a tendler spotof vanity it Is generally his tie. In a small Itown in Lancashirelle a minlister closed his I ermin lthe other day withl thlese irord : " \We wioill be pleased, moreover, to have the yuung nlau whoe is standing outside the door come in aiid miake certain whether she is here or not. That iouild be a great deal beottier than oelulung the door hialf an inchl Land exposim, the itrillo in thl laet r1ow f IO k.,O to e d'u?lt, . . ' 