I GENERAL BRIEFS, One-third of the world is controlled by the Anglo-Saxon rase. The longest clock pendulum ever made is that ot the Eiffel Tower—377ft. Over 20,000 men, women and children died from snake bites in ttie year 1893 ia India. . Leather trunks were made and sold. m Home as early as the days of JuliuS Crcsar. . There are more strikes in the United. States than in all the rest ef the world put together. No man of a leas stature than five feet nine and a half inches can enter the polic® force of New York. A Waterloo veteran, in the person of Count Donnet-Vorget, has died at Paris at the age ®f 100 years. The Admiralty have given instructions I for swimming classes to be formed at tbs Sheerness School ot Connery. . . The largest bronze Btatue in the- world j is that of Peter the Great at St. Peters*' burg. Its wbight is about 1100 tons. ; _ j A singular discovery has been made in Algeria on tho site of the ancient Homan, town of Tbamugadia, now known as Tim» gad. Portions of a colossal statue, tho height of which is estimated to have been | no less than nine yards, have been found. In Hungary it is the custom for th® groom to give the bride a kick after th® wedding ceremony to make her feel bet subjection. ''This is a matter that suggest* thought. . . Tne tail of the kangaroo is tha fleshiest part of the animal. It in considered dainty food when boiled in its own skin* which afterwards may be drawn off like * glove. A vessel called the Islam detained a* Glasgow because she is laden with contra* band of war, supposed to be intended fort one of the belligerent powers in the Far East. British Government does not want to pay another Alabama claim. History mentions a single battlefield where one king was slain and his suc cessor crowned—the battle of Boswortlt Field, fought on 14th August, 1485. Richard HI. was slain, and the Earl of Richmond was crowned as Henry VII. There is-one. place in the world, at any rate, where the’streets are literally paved with gold. At Johannesberg it has been louiid that atone recently supplied by * mine on the main reef for paving the Btreets yields six pennyweights to the . An American physician in Tokio_ i* doing a rushing business by straightening the slant in the eyes of the Japanese. A. fine silk thread draws up the eyelids and holds them in place. A few neat stitche* are all that aro required. The term “ infantry,’’ was first used by the Spaniards, in tbetwars with the Moors, to designate the bodyguard of a Royal prince, or infante. It was later extended to the entire body of foot soldiers, and finally adopted throughout Europe. Sometimes there are precocious bey* other than Colonials. Our cable mes sages report tho Buicide by hanging of • little eleven year old Londoner, who took his life in a fit of pique because of being punished for a misdemeanor by th® deprivation of his dinner. Announcement that the authorities of Argentina have decided to allow the ex tradition of the swindler Jabez Spencet Balfour is fully confirmed. Tho detective at Buenos Ayres sent to arrest the in famous Liberator man has telegraphed ‘‘All right” to the Scotland yard authori ties. Balfour will get a warm welcome back to his native land. -■ — ' The domestic household of Bim-lan, the King of Annam, consists almost ■ wholly of women, including a hundred: wives, who are divided into nine classes* according to the sti,i,:on of life in wfcjrj? , they were bom, ^'Viirty women guard the entrance to his private apartments* while five more are his constant personal attendants. . -, '• ■ Moths can be successfully removed ' from carpets in the following manner ■ Wring a coarse towel out of clear, cold water; spread it smoothly on the carpet, iron it dry with a good hot iron, repeat ing the operation wherever the moths ar© supposed to be. There is no need t© press hard, and the color ot the carpet will not be injured, as the moths arp destroyed by the heat and steam. M. Casimir-Perier, who is forty-sir years old, is, with two exceptions, tho youngest ruler whom France has had since Napoleon, at thirty, became First Consul. Louis XVII. at his accession was fifty-nine, Charles X. was sixty seven, Louis Phillipe fifty-seven. ThieiB seventy-three, MacMahon sixty-five, and. Grtvy seventy.one. Cavaignae, however, | was only forty-Bix when placed at th* head of the State, ana Louis Napoleon, who succeeded him, was only forty. I The death is announced of General Boulangor’s mother, Madame Boulanger, I nee Griffiths, a lady of Welsh birth, at the age of ninety-three, in the apart ment in Paris where she had lived for ma ny years. She had been in a wander ing state of mind, her faculties having declined about the time when her son’s popularity in Paris was at its climax. She was unaware of his expulsion from, the army, or of his exile and suicide io the Ixelles Cemetery at Brussels. Valentine Vox seems to have found an. imitator in an adopted Japanese girt o£ eighteen who resides in the province of Kai. Her foster-parents and neighbors were recently astounded by the discovery that the house was haunted by a most mysterious voice. No " ghost ” could b© discovered. At last it was found that the girl had developed an extraordinary . faculty .for ventriloquism. She had been., exerciaing her faculty for the purpose of compelling her parents by adoption t© restore her to her real mother. The trade in shrimps has grown so enormously during tho last year or tw* . that about four tons daily are despatched' Dy the mail boats from Ostend to Dover,, whence they are despatched ohiefly to , Loudon and the great centres of Lanca shire and Yorkshire. They are caught • ( on the sand coasts of Belgium and boiled | ready for market, and packed in huge j hampers so as to reach breakfast tables in tho English Midlands the next day. [ A little extract of liquorice destroy* the taste of aloes; peppermint water dis guises nauseous taste of salts ; milk is » good abater of the bitter flavor of Peru vian bark, and cloves that of senna. Castor oil cannot bo tasted if beaten and thoroughly mixed with the white of a* egg. Another method of covering tho nauseous taste of castor or cod-livor oil i# to put a tablespoonful of strained ornng* juice in a wineglass, pour the oil into th*-' centre of tho juice, and then squeeze a few drops of the juice upon the oil and upon ■ the edgo of the glass. As an instance of the courtesy of the. Royal Family, it may bo mentioned that when an artist wont down to -Whit® Lodge the other day to mage a sketch o£: the birth-place of our future King, th® Duke of York himself gave the artist ad' the necessary information, and was at' much pams to secure the accuracy of th® sketch. At last the Prince asked, “ Would you like to have the baby in t* draw from P You can if you like, yo%. know," he said ; •’ but. candidly, it 14 not a whit different from every other babjj), and at present I personally cannot at®' much myself except a bundle of flannel IP 