MDINISTERIAL & DEPARTMENTAL. This morning the Minister of Lands, accompanied by several officers of the Public Works Department, visited the Derwent Park estate, which was purchased by the Government some few years ago, with the object of deciding on the suita. bility of the property for settling numbers of the unemployed on the lines of a village s.ettlement. LEASE NON-PAYING RAILWAYS, The Premier is considering a proposal made to the Government by Mr W. Cundy to lease the Sorell line of railway on terms. In consequence of the proposal to lease this line the attention of several persons has been directed to certain non paying lines in the colony, and enquiries have been made at the Railway Depart ment with reference to them. So far Ministers have only the Sorell line under consideration. THIRD JUDGE BILL. A large deputation of the legal profes sion, representing all the leading firms of the city, waited on the Chief Secretary this morning in reference to the Third Judge Bill, and asked that the present act should not be repealed. It was pointed out by them that the third Judge was necessary in many ways, the hon. Adye Douglas, M .L.C., in particular speaking very strongly against the proposal to limit the Judges to two. The Chief Secretary explained that the bill was not a Govern ment measure, having been introduced in the House of Assembly by a private mem btr and carried in that House, although opposed by Ministers. It therefore rested with members of the Council to say whether the existing bill should be re pealed or not. In consequence of the opposition to the new bill and the attitude of the Government it is understood that it will be rejected by the Council. ' See here ! This calico you sold me me won't wash.' ' It won't, eh ? Then let me sell you a washing machine.' W. D. PEACOCK'S PoUE JAMS.-Quality unsurrassed, manufactured in the fruit season only from flesh fruit and the h!ghoest grade of refined sugar. In the process of manufacture astiogeot cleanliness is observed, and the asticle contains no colouring matter or adulteration of any kind. Sold by leading merchants and al respectable grocers. 