OUR WHALE HUNT. , THE SPOOK EDITOR SPEARS A MONSTER OF THE DEEP. — — — AN EXCITING EXPERIENCE, r And ft' Novel Advertisement. (Br "Tub Ovkioh LiAit.") Tub Spook Editor of tlio Bibd has an intoroBb in tho whaling industry. Tho | Spook Editor's undo was stroke oar on a Corporation lorry, his mothor-ih-law ran a koiliug-do'wn. establishment, his grand- aunt's first cousin wont to son with Governor Phillip, and finally his poor papa was a Murruuihidgoo whaler. Con sequently, it can bo soon that whaling was lierodilnry with our worthy ropro son tali vo. TIimo things, liko wooden logs, run in families. Our readers will not bo sur prised to hoar that at tho early age of sovon tho Spook Editor harpooned his little sistor, and tried to cut tho blubber out of thq dog ior commercial purposes. As he grow older tho Spook Editor dovolopod his whale bump to an abnormal dogroe. Liko tlio lata Henry Kondall, ho tundo a voyage to' tho Antarctic Sons, in tho hope of striking oil. Owing to a slight disparity of opinion between liira- aolf and tho Bkipper of tho vessel, ho was put aboard a honioward-bound ieo- borg in latitude 70dog. GilOmiii. South, and left to work his own way bnck to Sydney. Being a man of infinite resource, our adventurous rep. immediately annoxod tho iceberg in his own name, 'l'lion ho caught and tamed no loss than twonty-soven sea cows. Having Etockod his floating territory, ho proceeded to start in business as an Antarctic dairy farmer. Having all. tho materials handy, milk, ice aud seabird's eggs in nbundauce, ho departod into tho uuuiufaoturb of ico- creauia. Ico-creams being a long folt want in that locality, tlio Spook editor flourished, and in a littlo tiino was able to retire. Much to tho regret of tho Polos, who inhabited that .polar country, ho sold out and returned to tlio bosom of his family. After restoration to tho land of his birt h tlio Spook editor devoted himself mainly to journalism, spooks, and tho development of the whaling industry. AY o mav mention that tho story of liis providential deliverance from tho perils of the polar seas comes from our rep's, own lips. As ho lias a world-wide reputation for telling the truth, no one can therefore dispute its veracity. For many years past the Spook Editor has sat upon the old drawbridge at Darling Harbor on the look-out for whales. . The whale trade lias, however, fallen off since tho building societies wont bung and the banks suspended, and most of the marine monsters sighted lately have been either sprats or dead marines. : The latter are always more plentiful after barber picnics. Two or three times our frioud has suc ceeded in catching a dead dog, and once ho nearly had an unknowu suicide at tho other end of his fishing liuo. Other than that his attempts at whaling have proved somewhat of a failure. That is to say, they were so, until one day early in the present week, when tho whaling industry received a great and unexpected send up. On Tuesday last tho Spook Editor, ac companied by tho staff, lured a skiff, and having slipped the centre-board, and let : , go the unseen rigging, proceeded merrily down the beautiful 'arbor in search of .whales. . . They carried a liberal supply of Colonial twist-liver, sandwiches, whalo bait, hooks, lines, harpoons, and other necessaries. Having passed Finchgut and the Sow and Figs without mishap, the Owl, who was steering, tamed her nose in tho direction of the whaling ground. There was a choppy sea on at tho time, "and presently poor Flossie Fewclothes J saying "sho didn'i fed very well, w began J . to throw Yip bouse, and home, and overy- I thing, I Ths Prodigal, who bad always pretended to be an ox-sailor, and closely related to a roar-admiral in tho Swiss navy, suddenly oaid ho would' like to g-g-g-go, wooshl ' After this sapient observation bo kept his I head woll over tlio sido, and concentrated all his onorgios on tho ondeavor to bring bis heart up. Tho root of tho staff also began to act in a most occentrio mannor. Tottio Titofit was in tromondous distress. Sho bold on to tlio Booster, and askod him to tako her homo to lior ina. at onco, but tho Booster could only groan a sad reply na tlio Spook Editor was out for whales, and would not put baok to port for a son- nick crow. Tho Hon Editor, the Owl, and tlio Artist, having eaoh uiado voyages to; ill uo'o Point, woro not aifiiotod with mal- de-mer, and assisted in working tho ship. The Spook Editor, seated at tho bow with a toloscopo in hiB hand, swept the horizon; ' with a praotisod sweep. My agent roports! that oight largo whales woro sighted off- NoIbou'b Bay — on Sunday, ho Bald. " Woro they looking for a Sunday pill, d'you think ? remarked tho Hon Editor. " No, you gory idiot, tliey were dodging that whaling Btonmor, tho Jonny Lind. Sho's boon after 'om this six months, and hasn't caught ono yet. Whon yoa go to oatoh a whale. Do you grab him by the tail P. quoriod tho Owl, who sometimes puts things that way. . . Tho Spook Editor did not deign to roply. Ho kept his glosses fixod upon tho vasty doop and listened to tho sough of the ocean wiuds blended with tho sad hiccoughs of tho crow. Tho salt broozo boro a distinct odor of stale rum and yesterday's diunor away to looward. Tho bright blue sun warmed and illumi- natod tho deep red sen, and Bent tho varie gated fishes out on tho mash with its gonial glow. Tho land loomed indistinctly on tho port Btdo, and reminded tho voyagours of home, inotiior, and tho cornor pub. Everything was boautiful. Nature lias oven given to tho waters beauty and bril liancy and lifo, and if sho would just keep thorn Btill lifo on tho ocean wavo would bo quite porfoct and proforable to lifo in a boarding-houso. Suddonly tho seronity of that glorious nnd poetic scone was rudely disturbed by a loud discordant Bliout from the Spook Editor. "Thoro she blows! " bo exclaimed, in whaling phraseology. " How rude of her," murmured Flossio Fowelothes, who had shaken all the powder from hor delicate Roman nose, and was wondering liow tho mischief sho could rc- . apply hor pocket powder-brush without letting tho boys see. ' " Then she 6 lotos ! " repeated the Spook Editor in a frenzy of excitement. "All right; let lior blow," lazily re marked the Artist, who was trying to steady himself enough to make a fancy sketch of a mermaid riding a bicycle. ' " Ain't it time to go about ?" " What's bIio got to blow about ?". asked the Owl. ' Oh, you bally idiot, can't you see it's a whale ?" screeched the Spook Editor. "Whalo! AVhat if it is?" answered the Booster, who was not too ill to attempt a sickly pun. " A whale! A whale! Why, you drivel ling lunatics that's tho very insect I'hi after." " Go after it then," said the Erod. " Get your butterfly not and go after him. Get -otit and walk, and let us go home. I'm dead tired of you and your damn whales." "Shut up," said tho Spook Editor, wildly, " and hand mo tho harpoon." Instantly all was commotion aboard that whale-boat. Tho Artist pulled out his sketchbook and began drawing. Tho Office Liar, who was present, also began drawing— en his imagination. Ho commenced ono of his own whalo stories concerning a chip which chased one of these marine monsters all the way from Jerusalem to Jericho, and finally caught him somewhere in tho vicinity of Bagdad with a whole harem in his stomach. Both Flossie Fewclothss and her friend Tottio were mortal scared. In the excitement tho latter suddenly discovered that she had left her bathing . suit at homo in.a pill-box on tho "planner. " How was she going to manage it if the whalo capsized tho boat and it became in cumbent on tho occupants to swim ashore ?' Tho Owl sat in the stern sheets compos ing a chmte whalo melody. Tho Booster was trying to shape a prayer out of the cursoB he know. The Prodigal louily proclaimed that unloss tlioy put him ashore immediate'y lio would lay an information against tho skipper, charging him with having no visible means of support. At this threat tho Spook Editor only Inughed deep and loud. Pointing to tho ' approaching whale, lie Baid bo would pro- duco that in evidence to show that ho was an honest man and earned a decent liveli hood with liis own fishhook. With these words of violent boasting tho Spook Editor brought his ship abreast of the whalo. As they approached, the whale, after tlio manner of his kind, threw a large column of water and whisky high in tho air. The animal was aboat one hundred and eighty foot loug from the crown of his head to the solo of his tail, and as broad as a Government programme across. Tho boat's company woro surprised to find tlmt some enterprising. advortisment .agent had turned the terror of the deep ! into a sort of submarino hoarding, and decorated liim with a large and varied , sorios of business announcements. For , inatanco, across the whole's bock was written in large, liberal white and gold letters : USE CLEANSON AND CO.'S SUNDOWN SOAP. Warranted to wash anything oloan, from soiled linon down to a politiaal ropntation. On the other side of hiB loft jaw they saw conspicuously displayed : USE AUNT POLLY'S FLY POWDER. Bough on blow- flics, sand-flics, gad-fiios, dragon-flics, Marah ilios, fly-flats, and will keep tho buttor-flios from eating tho buttor. On the Other Bide of the jaw : Smoke Dick and Son's Kill-Mo-Doad Cigars. Eight for a bob. Ono whiff, and send for yor coffin ! Oil tho whale's tail : HAVE YOU ANY CORNS ? If so call on Professor Bunvan, King-street, nnd get tbom painlessly extracted. N.B. — No ehargo unless tho application is success ful, and you oau tako your poor sore feet away " with you. Whon he saw those ads. and others on tho whale's exterior, the Spook Editor grow gravo and solemn. "Looks to me like a tame whale escaped from a Zoo," he muttered. " Can't make out either whether he is a ' right ' whale or only a ' sulphur bottom.' Anyhow; here goes." With those words tho Spook Editor stood up in tho bow of the boat aud hurled his harpoon with deadly aim at the whale. Hurtling through tho murky air, which' . was thick with howls of apprehension, the shaft Hped swiftly to the mark. The .harpoon buried itself in the monster's sido, tho blood spurted out liko old boots, and tho w'oundod creature divod into tho ocean depths. After taking out about a mile of rope, which was attached to tho harpoon, tho Spook Editor deemed it advisable to cut tlio painter. This ho succeeded in doing just as tho noso of tho boat was being forced under water. At the samo time a wild roar from tho stern caused him to look round. Another whale, four huudrod and soventy- fivo feet in length, and as wide as a serpen tine skirt, was almost upon them. "Holy Moses! It's a calf wo just struck, and that must bo tho cow," exclaimed the Spook Editor. " Pull for tho slioro "! screamed tho Rooster. " Murder! Help ! Firo !" shouted Flossie. "For what we are about to receive, may the Lord moke us truly thankful," prayed the Prod, in an agony of foar. The whale, evidently annoyed at the ungontlomnnly conduct of the Spook Editor, lifted licr tail. Next minute tho boat was a floating wreck. Tho whole of the staff woro thrown violently into the water. After swimming for throe days and nights they woro picked op by a cabbage ship from Melbourne and brought on to ' Sydney. \- The etaff havo now petitioned the Boss to discharge . tho Spook Editor, and try eoxflo new kind of idiot other than a whalo aud ghost crank. 