A LATTER DAT GHOST. Do I believe in ghosts ? Great | Caesar's ghost, that Brutus saw on the eve of the battle of Phillipi, answer me.' The earliest remembrance I have of supernatural things is the read ing in the Bible of the ghost of Samuel, which appeared to the witcli of Endor, thereby frightening her nearly out of her own wits, for she knew she was quite incapable of pro ducing spirits herself, and was shrewd enough to recognize a greater power present than her own. Besides that we have had all kind of ghostly experi ences in our own family. When my brother-in-law's cousin's husband lay on his deathbed there came three cracks of a whip over the looking gla*s, which instantly was shivered from centre to circumference, and, as the nurse declared, ' you could have walked on that glass and it wouldn't have cracked.' And when my great uncle died the clock stopped of its own accord, and could never be coaxed to go again. There are those, I know, who will say that the three cracks of the whip were preliminary to the cracking of the glass from natural causes, and that the old clock ran down, being worn out with age. Be that as it may, we all have a yearning for the super natural, and would rather keep our ghosts in their unearthly habiliments as evidence of the vague world of mysticism, whence they stray for brief visits to frighten or instruct us. But I did have a serious fright from a ghostly appearance which my Scotch blood at once pronouuced a ' fetch,' and it is just as near the supernatural world as I care to reach, until I become a ghost myself and play pranks on my own account. The ghost in question first appeared at a seaside resort—a farmhouse where they eked out their scanty means by taking summer boarders. There my young friend Ellis, went after the death of a dragon, to -vhom she bad been bound as Ision to his wheel. As soon as Kate found herself free and able to enjoy life on the competence the aunt was obliged to leave her, she became trorbid on the subject of her duty to the deceased. ' If I had only been kinder to her, done more for her. made her life more pleasant,' she wailed. In vain we told her that she had done everything that could be done to comfort a cantankerous old woman, and she could enjoy a well-earned rest —she would invariably turn to her self- accusations until she finally lost her health. Then it was that we pre vailed upon her to go down to the sea shore, to this isolated spot, and live out of doors. She had been away a month when I received a letter, summoning me to her side. She was ill, and so changed I hardly recognised her. ' It does not agree with you here. It is too lonely. You must come home with me. ' Marie—I have seen Aunt Selina,' she said in a faint, hollow voice. I stared at her without uttering a word. * It is true. The spirit of the dead can come back. I have seen her twice —she looked angelic — all in lovely white—with a veil over like a bride.' I laughed aloud. That homely, yellow, ssraggy aunt of hers appear ing in such a guise was too much for me. But I saw bow deadly in earnest poor Kate was, and I tried to be serious. * How did she appear to you, Kate ? In a dream ?' I asked, as I made room for her on the bench in the farmhouse garden where we could talk j unobserved. ] ' K o, dear, I saw her in her own form, in the clothes closet in the room I sleep in. Tou know spirits must conform to certain psychological con ditions—she could not come through the door, so she attracted my attention to her. Ench night an indescribable sound like a clap of distant thunder awakened me. No one else heard it, T learned from enquiry of the family.' ' Did she talk to you F Do you mean to tell me that she spoke to you ?' I asked incredulously. ' That is the dreadful thing about it! I had not the courage to look at her a moment, or to hear her speak. I saw a reproachful look on her poor, white face, and I—oh, Marie, I must have fainted, for when I awoke it was day light, and she was gone. There was no one in the closet.' * Tou imagined the whole thing,1 I said, out of patience with so much superstition. * But she came again the next night. I was determined that I would be strong and ask her to forgive me for all the trouble I had caused her, but I was alone and so awfully afraid. It vwas morning before I dared to open the door of the closet and then—' She shuddered and looked around fearfully. ' And then ?' I promoted. * Then I felt stronger and opened the door. Tes, she was there in such a marvellously beautiful dress, but with that same sad, reproachful look on her face, and before I could speak Bhe melted away from my sight.' 4 Melted?' * Yes. Dematerialized. It just seemed as if she vanished through the floor and I—I fainted again.' * You poor child,' I cried sooth ingly. ' I shall sleep in that room to night, and you shall take the one they have reserved for me. I believe per fectly in the theory of ghosts, but when it comes to their actual presence, I am not so sure. However, I would be glad to see even Aunt Selina. You know I always detested her, and I am a good hater, but if she comes back to | be forgiven I'm not sure but that I ! will forgive her.' j 4 Don't dear, you hurt me,' said Kate, meekly. * I hurt for your healing,' I re sponded ; ' to-night, then, bring on your ghost. Oh, by the way, are you quite sure this is not a prank of some one in the house? Have you men tioned the circumstances ?' ' Not a mortal except yourself. I do not want to be the laughing stock of the house. It is not given to every one to see the spirits of the departed.' ' Thank goodness!' I ejaculated fer vently, and then I became suddenly quiet as I studied the white face of my friend and dreaded the approach of night. Yes, I may as well own it. It was one thing to sit in the open air and in the sunlight and hear a story about ghosts, and another thiug to be alone in a strange house at the time when the powers of darkness are abroad, and expect to see one. It was no proof that there were no ghosts because I had never seen one. My Scotch ancestors had had been gifted with second si^ht—why not I ? Nonsense ! They lived in a superstitious age, and imagined things. Joshua would never have commanded the sun to stand still if he bad known it never moved. I took my courage by the throat and dared it to forsake me. I slept in the haunted room. Yes, and I, too, was awakened by that sound as of distant thunder ! I had left the light burning, and looking at my watch I found that it was mid night. I concluded someone was up in the house, and then I distinctly heard a sound in the closet—a vague, muffled uncanny sound ! I never was so wideawake in my life ! And I was determined then and there to penetrate the mystery, even if I perished in the attempt. j Frightened ? Oh, n-n-no indeed! | I shook as if with ague, but that was I excitement, I told myself, i To-confront a bodyless spirit, an entity, the shadow of a substance, an j unhallowed mirage, a vision, something that neither rested in the grave nor dwelt in paradise—dare I open a door between two worlds and face this thing of wonder ? Then I thought of Aunt Selina, who kept everybody uncomfortable while she was in this world, and was now exceeding her mission by the same dis position as of old. My thoughts took a more wholesome and natural turn. I would frustrate the old dame if I could. I laid my hands on the knob of the closet door. It shook as if someone held it on the other side, aud the door began slowly to open. I peeped. Grood heavens ! A woman stood there, and if it wasn't Aunt Selina, it looked enough like her to be that antique specimen, even to the widow's weeds, which I saw by that glance she still wore. Strange to say, I was not as much frightened as I expected to be, or else I was too badly frightened to know it, and so in that half unconscious con dition, I pulled open the closet door to fullest extent, and facing the black robed apparition I shrieked aloud : ' Well, Aunt Selina, what do you want ?' For a full minute we stared at each other, then I began to laugh hysteri cally, and soon I heard Kate and members of the family pounding on the door. I admitted them, and point ing to the ghost, which had not yet evaporated, asked tragically: * What does this mean ?' * Aunt Selina!' gasped Marie. ' Nothing of the kiud,' I said, dragging the widow's bonnet and veil from the black clad figure, ' look !* ' Please be careful,' said a sharp voiced woman, stepping into the rescue : ' we do dressmaking, and that's my dummy. I don't want that new suit of mourning spoiled.' * How did your dummy get into that closet ?' ' Oh, there used to be a dumb waiter there when we kept hotel. I had a wedding dress on it the last two nights, and now this mournin' order, , I just run 'em up to keep 'em from being handled.' ' At the risk of frightening your boarders out of their senses. You can have your closet and room both, as we are going back to town as soon as it is light.' Which we did, and I am not sure that we were not disappointed at the tame denouement to our nineteenth century ghost story; which after all does not explode the theory, though it does show how much imagination may do in outlining ghostly features. The Jensen hot-water treatment has been found superior to bluestone for killing germs of smut. The hot water quickens germination, and is said to give 5 per cent higher yield in the crop. Keep an eye on all goods arriving on the farm ; seeds of foreign weeds may be introducedin a thousand ways. A letter from New Norfolk states that a quantity of Foster's ale had been received, packed in dry Cali fornian thistles. Heaps of coarse manure may be reduced to good condi tion for use by liberal applications of quicklime. It will naturally be accom panied by great losses of ammonia if the heaps are not covered with dry earth. If this is done no harm will result, provided the lime and manure heaps are where their decomposition will not set fire to farm buildings. 