Great Irishmen. STEELE. i%oik 'l&aVRB; $S?TH (Jkeat . Irishmen," . by Justin Hcntly M'Cabthy. No. XII. Who that has ever read Thackeray's "Esmond" forgets a certain scene in quite the early part of the romance which intro duces, with all the light freedom of fiction, the bearer of one of the greatest names of the ■ lastjcentury ? ■ My Lord of Castlewood has ridden off into outer darkness; this lady, with her solemn elderly finery, un successfully masked by her hastily- assumed nightrail. has wrangled in vain with paper chasing Captain Westbury; little Harry Esimond, the page, is being angrily inter rogated by Lawyer Corbet as to tbe mean ing of certain words traced on the half charred manuscript in Mr. Holt's brazier. The words are Latin; Harry interprets them; they are portion of a sermon. "The lawyer said: 'This boy is deeper than he seems; who knows that he is net laughing at us P' '"Lets have in Dick the scholar,' said Captain Westbury, laughing, and he called to a trooper out of the window: ' Ho, Dick ! come in here and construe.' " A. thick-set soldier, with a square, good humored face, came in at the summons, saluting his officer. "' Tell us what this is Dick ?' says the lawyer. "'My name is Steele, sir,' says the soldier. ' I may be Dick for my friends, but I don't name gentlemen of your cloth among them.' '"Well, tlien, Steele.' '" Mr. Steele, sir, if you please. When you address a gentleman of His Majesty's Horse Guards be pleased not to be so familiar.' "'I didn't know, sir,' said the lawyer. "' How should you ! I take it you are not accustomed to meet with gentlemen,' said the trooper. "' Hold thy prate, and read that bit of paper,' says Westbury. "' 'Tis Latin,* says Dick, glancing at it, and again saluting his officer, 'and from a sermon of Mr. Cudworth's,' and he trans lated the words pretty much as Henry Esmond had rendered them. "' What a young scholar you are,' says the captain to the boy. "' Depend on't, he knows more than he tells,' says the lawyer. ' I think we will pack him off in the coach with old Jeze bel.' "' For construing a bit of Latin,' said the captain, very good humoredly. "' I would as lief go there as anywhere,' Harry Esmond said, simply, ' for there is nobody to care for me.' " There must have been something in the child's voice or in this description of his solitude—for the captain looked at him very good naturedly, and the trooper called Steele put his hand kindly on the lad's head and said some words in the Latin tongue. "' What does he say ?' says the lawyer. " ' Faith, ask Dick yourself,' cried Cap tain Westbury. "' I said 1 was not ignorant of misfortune myself, and had learned to succor the miserable, and that's not your trade, Mr. Sheepskin,' said the trooper. "' Tou had better leave Dick the Scholar alone, Mr. Corbet,' the captain said. And Harry Esmond, always touched by a kind face and kind word, felt very grateful to this good-natured champion." It would be difficult to make Dick Steele's acquaintance under -happier aus pices. The little scene, alas, never took place, but by the kindly art of the novelist it is as real to us as if it were the soberest scrap of history ever inscribed. We see the great grey towers of Castlewood, the courtyard with the fountain in the centre, and the troopers .grouped about it, their accoutrements all shining in the morning sunlight. The cool, dark room, where the captain and the lawyer, the man of the sword and the man of the robe, are inter rogating little Harry Esmond, and the open window through which Dick the Scholar lounges, obedient to his captain's call, and stands a stalwart figure in scarlet and gold lace and gleaming steel, his kindly face smiling ion the lad, and the soft words sounding strangely from the lips of a com mon trooper, as he translates them out of the Latin. It - never happened; but, it might have. happened, we may even Bay it ought to have happened. ■ - It is as true to history as if it had indeed occurred, for it is absolutely true to nature, to .the nature of one of the gentlest, sweetest, simplest of men, Bichard Steele.. What would English literature—especi ally English literature in the eighteenth century—be without its Irish authors ? Bun over the listof the greatest names of a century stretngely - fruitful in great names' and you will find that the majority ofthem are the names of Irishmen. Swift,Berke ley, Goldsmith, Burke, Sterne, Sheridan— th'eSeare some of those whose names leap to Hie lips the soonest. Think of-Englicd, literature without "Gulliver's .Travels," without the ^.Battleof the Books," without "The Tale of a Tub." Think of English literature without the " Essay oCtheSob lime and the Beautiful," without the " Let ters on the French Bevolution/' without the,^Tfidr^Nij6ail3®Hreswt Discontents." What, woidd Engliahliteratnre be without . the " Vicar bf Wakefield," "The Citizen of the and " She Stoops to Conquer ?" " Si dilw i What in spite of all their terrible defects wotild she ue without " Tristram Shaiidy " and "The Sentimental Journey?" What without "!Die Rivals," "Thfe School For Scandal*' ahd "The Critic?" The fair fields of English literature in the last cen tury would seem dry and barren, shorn, of their chiefest splendor, if the rare erotic plants were to be excluded from its growth and garner. One name I have purposely left out of the list I have just enumerated, and that . the name of the subject,of the present sketch. I have reserved it pur posely that by isolation X might lend, a special force to the question I am how about to put—what would English litera ture, the boasted literature of the Augus tan days of Anne, be without the genius and the gentleness, the humor and the pity of Richard Steele ? To such a question the answer is simple, inevitable. The literature of the reign of A nne would be poor, indeed, if, it did not include within its fold one of the sweetest, purest, most hiimorous essayist that ever lived. I, for my part, much prefer Steele to Addison. Between two such men choice is indeed difficult; any final and definite decision of the superiority of one over the other simply impossible. The canons of taste have not 'yet been established, the touchstone has not yet been tempered of a criticism which shall authoritatively dare to assert that Steele was the superior of Addi son or Addison the superior of Steele. Sel dom has the world seen two men of such rare parts, of such fine culture, of such true and tender humor, of such high- souled purity, working together in common cause for the entertainment and ennoblement of their fellowmen. Between this "nobler pair of brothers " choice can be but a mat ter of individual taste; but for my own part I am glad with all my heart that my choice can go out freely and fully to my countryman—to Richard Steele of Dublin rather than to Joseph Addison of Millston, in Wiltshire. It was the genius of Steele which gave to the English essay its most enduring form, and which made certain series of weekly papers into such a set of classics as, perhaps, no other language nor no other age can boast the possession of. The Tatler, the Spectator, the Guardian— these are enchanted names in English lite rature ; their volumes are among the most precious possessions of the English langu age. What Steele said himself of a fair lady in an exquisite and famous phrase, the authorship of which was quite recently and quite unsuccessfully contended for on behalf of Congreve: "To love them is a liberal education." There are certain books or sets of books on the world's shelves the repeated study of which is a source of greater knowledge than a wider range could guarantee. The Tatler and the Spectator must be placed in l that list of royal books. You may read them again and again and always learn something new from them, and the learning will be always good, the knowledge healthy, the lessons honorable. There is nothing base, common, evil in their pages. The faults of the eighteenth century, and those faults were many, have not stained these pages ; their moral soundness is not blackened and cor roded by the cynicism, by the savage brut ality which degraded and disgraced the writings of other men of that age who were undoubtedly men of genius. It is difficult for Irishmen to be proud of the plays of Farquhar, although happily they contrast strikingly with the comedies of Wycherley and Congreve: and there are passages, long pages, of the writings of Swift which can not be thought of without an angry blush and a sick heart. But in the golden pages of Steele and of those who were ranged under Steele's leadership, there is no such sin to be ashamed of. The Tatler, the Spectator, and the Guardian, are sometimes, though even that is seldom, somewhat free spoken for our day, but it must be remem bered that they, to their honor, were be hind, not in advance of, the license of their age in this respect. Steele's prose is spotless enough; the lessons of his writings serene, simple, stain less ; liis efforts to reform the stage of his day have been not untruly declared to be more like sermons than like comedies. There is no harm hidden in all the bright, kind humor of " Isaac Bickerstaff;" there is nothing but good to be gained from the companionship of " Sir Roger de Coverley." That simple, high-minded country gentler man deserves his place in fiction by the side of that other knight who sought to re dress the world on the dusty plains of La Mancha. , I am afraid, however, that Steele's own life does not afford bo bright an example as the. heroes and heroines of his delightful pages provide for our im provement. Drink and debt were the vices of the age, vices the■ more fatal be cause they were so eminently fashionable, and because no one with the slightest pre tensions to being considered modish abstained from indulgence in them, or, if the best and ;rarest abstained, dreamed of expressing1' disapproval of more libertine minds. Poor Steele was always more or less ambitions to be a man of tone; be was as a natural consequence always more or less in debt. Sobriety was not the most startling characteristic of his private .and domestic virtues. Hot, indeed, that he revelled more desperately and riotously than many others of his time, or even as, desperately and riotously as some.,. But he. loVfed good-fellowship and he loved good wine, and both were to be had in plenty in the London of the early years of the eighteenth century, and Richard Steele de voted himself to both with more devotion than was prudent or wholesome for a man with his way,to make. But prudence was never *offDidk -'Sbe&fc;'s impulsive nature. / He was not prudent whenne was a merry, restless, troublesome boy at Charterhouse—that same Charterhouse which, contemporary vandalism is now dreaming of destroying, and around whose threatened walls the ghost of Steele and many other appealing and illustrious spectres may be imagined to flit in re proaching protest against sacrilege. He was not what the world would call prudent when he chose to cast his lot for a tame with the frill privates of his gracious Majesty's Life Guards, and so met, or might have met, Master Henry Esmond. He was not prudent when he quarrelled with the House of Commons, and that august body solemnly expelled him for his pamphleteering pains. He was not pru dent when he borrowed that thousand pounds from his dear old friend, hero, and mentor, Joseph Addison, and lost in conse quence of the further imprudence of not paying it back a considerable share of that exemplary, less tempestuous gentleman's regard; he was not prudent in failing to make the most, as wiser and more worldly folk would have done, and indeed, did do, of the Satumian age when the Elector of Hanover became king of England, and the German Jove coined himself in golden favors of all kinds for those who had been true to him and the principle which the monarch from Herrenhausen represented. He was not prudent in his married life—he was married twice ; was not prudent m the management of good fortune when it came in his way, till at last fortune got tired of smiling on him; he was not prudent in anything. Too much of his life was passed in the tavern and the sponging-house; too much of his time was given to wine and wild company. But his works remain un sullied, none of the rank atmosphere which sometimes surrounded Steele the man, poisons the pages of Steele the writer, or makes it hard for us to breathe easily in his fellowship. A savage critic of his day, slanderous, foul-mouthed, venomous—the tribe of Dennis is not extinct yet—railed and raved against Steele for being an Irish man. What in the surly eyes and cankered mind of Dennis was his chief sin we may be pardoned for regarding as his saving grace. It was liis Irish birth and his Irish blood which made him so gentle, so humane, so simple even in his faults and follies ; it was his Irish birth and blood which keep his pages pure and make the lessons that he wrote, if not the lessons that he lived, examples, patterns, shining records of morality, of virtue, of clean, good conduct. I began these lines with a quotation from Thackeray; I will bring them to their conclusion in like manner. Thackeray was seldom gentle and rarely just to Ireland, but he could appreciate some Irish virtues. " No Irishman," he says once, " ever gave but with a kind word and with a kind heart." He could sympathise with some Irish sorrows, and he dearly loved Dick Steele. There is something exceedingly tender and pathetic in the words in which he takes farewell of Steele. "Alas for poor Dick Steele." For nobody else, of' course. "There is no man or woman in our time who makes fine projects and gives them up from idleness or want of means. When duty calls upon us, we uo doubt are always at home and are ready to pay the grim tax-gatherer. When we are stricken with remorse, and promise reform, we keep our promise, and are never idle or angry or extravagant any more. There are no chambers in our hearts destined for family friends and affections and now occupied by some sin's emissary and bailiff in posses sion. There are no little sins, shabby peccadilloes, importunate remembrances, or disappointed holders of our promise to reform hovering at our steps or knocking at our door. Of course not. We are living in the nineteenth century, and poor Dick Steele stumbled and got up again, and got into jail and out again, and sinned and repented and loved and suffered and lived and died scores of years ago. Peace be with him. Let us think gently of one who was so gentle; let us speak kindly of one whose own breast exuberated with human kindness." After details.—"I'd have you to know that I am a self-made man," said Pompo sity. " Indeed!" returned Cynicus. "How interesting! Tell me, my dear sir, how long does it take to make a waist like yours?" 