THE PROPOSED SMEDMORE RECREATION RESERVE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,-I notice by the newspaper re ports that Aldermen Mason and Bennett are trying to burden the municipality of Wickham with yet another piece of waste land. At the last meeting of the Wickham Council, Alderman Mason moved, "That ap plication be made to the Lands De partment for that portion of the foreshores of Throsby's Creek at the north-eastern corner of North Wick ham, containing about 3 acres, to be dedicated to the Wickham Council as a recreation reserve." Ho goes on to support his motion by saying "that there were 500 inhabitants in Smod more, and although there was a park in Wickham, the one in question would make a far better one for them. It would also be far nearer, and would meet with the residents' ap proval." I do not know if anyone else has noticed it, but it has, come under my notice for some time past that the aldermen of our municipali ties are as cruelly. and effectively robbing the people of their birthright in the land, as the greatest land-grab ber in the community.. They take steps to, appropriate all vacant land within municipal area, under the plea. of recreation for the people. It seems hard that lend monopoly should be perpetrated in connection with our public instithtions by persons who have not the ghost of a show to carry out the principle in their private capacity, and because they cannot purchase themselves their envy causes them to confiscate what belongs to other people, and put it to useless purposes. One would think that the Wickham Coun cil had had enough of this sort of thing when it is known that it has two parks already, one of which consti tutes a receptacle for all the storm waters from the surrounding district, and the other a mere margin of a sink. The proposed reserve at Smedmore is not going to be an* improvement on these two eyesores of the muni cipality, but will be a far worse in vestment for Wickham than the two parks already possessed. And how an alderman can, on behalf of the in habitants of 85 houses at Smedmore, ask the Government to dedicate that piece of land, when the majority do claro by all that exists that they would not again purchase nor build at Smedmore on any account. ' It does not speak very well for the inhabi tants of Smedmoro if they are with Alderman Mason in his attempt to have dedicated a piece of land which they know to be under water from a foot to throe feet after a week's rain, and when they are in the habit of blaming (when the wet weather comes upon them) the vendors of the land which they themselves have purchased. There is no doubt that it will add lustre to the names of Aldermen Mason and Bennett their obtaining a reserve for Smedmore, and prove that they are capable men. At the same time it cannot be overlooked that it is a mischievous proposal to make in the name of a body of people who are already disgusted with their situa tion, and have had to get some of the very land which our aldermen want to dedicate that they might make their own homes fit to live in. Putting aside the fact that some of the " 500 " have not been able to pay their rates for years, and have not paid a cent for water rates since that modern autocrat-the Water Board-came into existence, those of the " 500" who are paying have to lot their own homes go into decay to moot a lot of unnecessary taxation. The three acres are a small item when a person is on the top of a political eminence and looks down on them; but, when you get down on to the practical part of every-day life, they become rivets in the shackles which weigh the people down to the earth. This is what we as working men have to deal with, taking care that our municipal institutions do not divide the community into as many tribes as there are among the blacks, as many different castes as there are apong the Indians, all pillaging each other. There is an attempt to isolate this way the inhabitants of the 85 houses at Smedmore from the rest of Wickham. They have a Mechanics' Institute given to them because they cannot exert a fellow feeling, and give the other institutions in the municipality a lift out of their present despicable posi tion; and they are going to ask the Government to give them pound for pound that they might eke out a miserable existence, like certain insti tutions which present bogus lists of subscribers that they might get the Government endowment. These are the things which are sapping the national spirit out of the people, and it is the duty of everyone who has the desire to see a public spirit far reaching and sympathetic in all its dealings to protest against the isola tion of every municipal board with a population of 500 persons.- -I am, &c.;, CHAS. OLULOW. Smedmore, June 12. 