DEPRESSION IN TEE ARGENTINE REPUBLIC. (Melbourne Argu*.) Great as has been the depreciation of property of various kinds in the Australian colonies, it is altogether surpassed hy what bas occurred in tbe Argentine Republic, and the information given in the BuenoH Ayrea Standard of the 6th of Jane is sufficiently serious to startle the reader. At the end of May one of the finest esttmcias in the pro vince of Buenos Ayres was sold off judicially under the provisions of a will, and do less than 72,134 animals, described as ** of some of tbe best blood-fitock in tbe country, Clydesdale horses and mares, Durham and Hereford cows and balls. Polled Angna heifers, Lincoln rams and sheep, Ram bouillet rama, and even a batch of mestiza. pigs,' passed under the hammer. The names are right enough, but the average price realised for the 7*2,134 animals was— 4s. per head. \:et some of the bulls are esti mated to have cost £500 per bead to place on the Estancia. The Standard pathetically following et rain : — 'The ratio of everything in the River Plate, in morals, politics, cows, sheep, and gloves, is upset. It takes three oiestiza Durham cows to pay for a pair of lady's long gloves, seventeen buttons, for the opera — and it takes the whole live stock of Goyo Soler's estancia to cover the cost of tbe bridal presents in last night's Diario. Poor Don Goyo Soler ! We knew him well ; he was a man of infinite humour, and a bosom friend of General Roca. Could we lift the coffin lid and tell him that all the live stock, which for so many years he was refining, was Gold at auction for 4a. a head al corUt his ghost would jump froai tbe .Recoleta to the heights of Cornrnalaa and in spirit language address the Argentines. .... The rings over the whole country. Hear it sheep farmers and estancieros, for it is a^ knell that summons you all to the front to prepare for your * testamentariaa ;' 4s. 6d. for a mestiza cow, 2s. 6d- for a Lincoln sheep ; and this in a country where we have two grand opera companies eclipsing Ta Scala with their ' grandeur,' twenty theatres every night, lighting up all the streets in town with their electricity ; tramways at every 'boca decalle* bursting with their passengers, and to crown all, 13,000 kilometres of railways running north, south, east, and west over oar camps, where mestiza horses and mares are sold at auction for 4a. a-piece ! Such a lamentable state of things was never before known in the Plate. It mils for some explanation. We pause fora reply.' We do not think -.hat the reply is far to seek, and, iu point of fact, it is to be found in the very article from which the foregoing is taken. It is simply that breed ing has been overdone in the Argentine Re public, for after giving a list of the twenty eight principal breeding establishments the Standard proceeds to say that ' to the list fnlly 500 other establishments might be added, all with greater or less capital But everything is shrinking on the River Plate, and house property in Buenos Ayres appears to be as in bad a plight as in Melbourne and Sydney, for the prices obtain able show, it is stated, as heavy a discount the property goes for a third to a fourth of its old valne. The present bad condition of the Republic is attributed by the Standard to — (1) the Moratorium at tbe end of 1S90 ; (2) the subsequent contract to partially resume payment of the public interest iu gold ; and (3) Argentine vanity. A part of the advice it tenders to the Treasurer is, 'Cut down your Budget.' The problem that nearly all new couu tries values to a fairly souna IeveL No heroic course is poisihle, especially as the principal cause of the great depreciation consists iu the utter disproportion between the different branches of the industrial and economic posi mainly of the ill-regulated and unintelligent application of large euins of borrowed money. A great deal of the so-called development of recent yeans will prove to be utter waste of resources, and the outlay will be lost, but for the rest, as the industrial position reorganises iteelf and the occupations of the people will in due course be the order of the day. 