THE -ISTERY OF CLEMEINT DU._. S BY JEAN MIDDLEMAS, althor of "A. Girl in ab Thousand," " Saled by a Kiss," ete. ACHAPTER XXIX.-A CLOSE SUAVE. 'EsThs eoleshill. railway--station weeas in an unusual state of fus and .fluntter. An up. train and a down-train were in at the same time, oring to a alight accidet having taken placeand causing a block on the line,farther Ca. C.onsbquently the couple of porters, who were quite enough for ordinary requirements, found themselves perfectly inadequate to cope with the. incoming and outgoing travellers, especially as among the latter were Sir Clement and Lady Gertrude Dunraven, 'startingfor the foreign tour which had been so trongly urged, both by Dr Watson and Lisbeth Glendinning. At first it had been a difficult matter to move Lady Gertrudeaway from the little baby's grave, but after much persuasion and telling her it was for Sir Clement's'aske, she consented to go. _ Having done so, womanlike, she was in an immense hurry to be off, and, as she said, sget way from a place where, since the day she 'had been brought home on acoount of Sir Lotis's death, even before her honeymoon had commenced, there had been nothing but sibery and seorrow. All the fuss and commotion at the station did not serve to raise Lady Gertrude's spirite. "An accident," she said; "always trouble wherever we go; it really is moseet strange," and she began to cry; in fact, she would have broken down altogether had not Lisbeth's cheery tones kept her up. .Li.hbeth and Sir Miles Berkeley had come to the station to see them off ; in fact, Sir *Miles intended to do even more, for he said ]e would accompany them to London and start them next day by the Dover express. "'Will younotoome, too " LadyGertrude hadasked. "It willbeso good for Clem to have you." But Sir Miles replied that he had some business to attend to; lateron he would come; he could not got away just yet. The fact was that at last he had had a con versation with Sir Clement about Elvira Delane's letter, and they had decided that it would be better for Sir'Clement to find out how the land lay, and send him word as to Elvira's mood before he put in an-appearance. "He might lose all his chance by following her up too closely. At last all the luggage was in the van, and the train moved slowly out of the station as .Lisbeth, the tears in her eyes, stood alone watching. She was glad they had gone away for sawhile; st was a relief in many ways, yet at the same time she could not-help regretting the departure, and wondering when, or if ever,, the threads of their lives would be re mnited. Then she went slowly up the stepsin order to cross the line, the town being at the back of the down station. On the platform she ?found quite a crowd of people, 'many of them acquaintances, for it was market-day in Colesbill, and all the neighborhood round was anore or less on the alert. Ever since Liaboth had turned'the- cottage into a "Home" she wore more or less the ,garb, of a nurse, thinking it made her look elder and of more importance. A blue serge dress and long cloak to match, and a closely fitting bonnet with a lone blue gauze veil, which she invariably pullel down over her face-was now her unaltered costume. She had intended to wear black, but Sir Clement had set nimself so resolutely against it, that to please him she had moderated the rigor of her appearance. It matteredvery little to her what she wore so long-as people did not know how wretched she felt. It was in order that they should not read this onher face, which she would fain keep concealed, that the blue veil was always down, especially when business look her into Coleshill. As it was, the gossips said you would scarcely know Lisbeth for the same person. She had grown so matronly, and looked ten years older daring the last tow months. Of course, it was all put down to her fatherhav ing been tried for murder. She got through the little crowd at 'the station as quickly -as she could, conversing with her ?csaiutances aa civilly but as-curtly -'a OZW tibleb ; 'thee she wenucrosugn -eu-e'uet office, out into the road. There was a-burly rod-faced man, in a soft wide-awake, standing so close to the door that she had to push past him in order to get out. Having done so abshe looked back. Where had she aeen him before? He was the clergyman who had married her to Clement"Dunranen.. What was he doing there? Why had he come all the way from Yorkshire to 'haunt that particular spot?-Would he recognise her? Had she not better hurry away as fast-as she could. But an unaccountable fascination seemed to detain her, and her limbs felt as if they would not obey her will. Attracted,-perhaps, by her having looked at him, or drawn to her by some occult power, Mr Singleton, for it was indeed he, went up to her. " Yonare a nurse, I see, by your dress. Perhaps you will kindly give me a little in formation for which lasm seeking ." Lisbeth bowed her head, but did not speak, nor did she attempt to pass on. " Betterthat she shouldsnswer him than for another to do so," she thought. \- 'Does notSir Clement Dunraven live in this immediate neighborhood ?" "He does. At Aboyne Court." It was with the greatest difficulty that she kept her voice steady as she replied. " How far is it from here ?" "-About three niles. But you will not see Sir'Clement. Hehas-started for the Con tinent by the train which left a few minuntes ago." And the knowledge that Sir Clement was gone made Lisbeth feel braver, especially as Jfr Singleton did not appear to recognise her. ' How-'very unfortunate. I missed him in town a few weeks ago, andenow I have jnust missed him aain." 'r Do you wantto see him so very par ticulrly F" "Ido. Ihave an idea'that I knew him once, and if so I should like to renew the ao qusintance. I suppose you know him, as you live in these parts "' " I have lately been nursing his wife, Lady Gertrude. They have lately lost their only child, the heir. It is onthat account for a change for her that they have gone abrosd." "Indeed, Iam very sorry. Is Lady Ger trude Si Clement's first wife ." "No one ever heard of his having had . another, and he always lived about here with hi' uncle, Sir- Louis, until he married 'Lady Gertrude.'" It was a most ambignous .answer, and a \- mostjudicious one. " It is odd," murmured Mr 1ingleton, half to himself. ?"Vhy do you-wish to ILowti SirClement aver had another wife F" asked Liobeth. "Becaus- some two years ago, or rather more, I married a'man called Clement Dun yaven to one Lisbeth Glendinning." "Two years aco! Then it can't be our SirClement. He has been married to Lady Getrudie nigh on two years. Where did you marry these people ?" "Up at-my church on Templemore, in -* 'tly gOOd friend, yen will have to go a further afield to find the couple you are in search of. I think there is a branch of the D)unravens settled in Ireland." 'That' what Mr Vaughan said when I 'i~srdhim about the matter." "So you knew poor 3Mr'Vaughan?" S"Yes. He seemed interested in my state. n about the marriage, and asked for the 'Lisbeth did not speak. The revelations of the last few -minutes were so crushing that -be was breathless. It was Mr Singleton who continued. ."If I am on an entirely false scent, it is cnriones that the man-taken up for murdering Hr-Yaug han should bear the name of Glen. dinning." ". I.don't think there was anything sid at the trial abont this.Glendinulng being in any way mixed up with the Dunrevens. 1 believe his father was .bailiff to Sir Miles Berkeley," remarked Lisbeth, as quietly as -aba coul.. , "'Then you think -it was a mere coinci "It must be, I should say, or we should hare heard something about it. Goodness hnows, thesihbjeet has been discussed freely ''nough." - "Well,I am sorry 'I missed Sir Clement You really think there.i no use in my going up to Aboyne Court ?" -" Of oase-yOuo n goupi?tyOo like toses the place; and have -a talk with the house. keeper, though I don't think sli knows as much as I do. She ha'not been there very 3one. wllU sho. youAshe way if you like" Lisbeth had not theo ali?htest intention of letting him out of her eight to have any con i'ersation with anyone if she could help it, but she did not think it would 'do to be too anxious to prevent his going. Her tactics were succesesful. "If you are sure ir Clement inot at home, what is the good of.my going up there? " he said. "My wife; who is an invalid, does not know lam out of London; I want to get back as quickly aspossible." This was good news for Lisbeth, but she did not allow herself to appear exhalarated, she only said very quietly :' "I am sure Sir Clement is gone :I came down here to see them off in ease Lady Gertrude should want me." "I wonder when there, is a train back to town P" He took a leaf torn from an A.B.C. in reference to the Coleshill trains out of his pocket-book and began to study it. Under other circumstances Lisbeth would have wished him "Good morning," but she decided it was wiser to stick to him if she could and see him off. He seemed rather talkative, and if he got into conversation with any of the Coleshill people he might find out who she was, and her name would betray her. To her infinite satisfaction he said that there would be an "up" train in five minutes, by which he thought hs had better return to town, though he felt very much as if he had come on a fool's errand and got very littl information. " I'll walk across the bridge with you if you like," suggested Lisbeth, " and I'll tell you anything you want to know about these people that I know myself." " Awfully good of you. But am I not taking up your valuable time?" "Not in the least. My patient is just gone. I have no particular engagement this morning." So they started together back to the plat form from which Lisbeth had only just come, Mr Singleton asking her many questions about Pierce Vaughan's death as they went along. Lisbeth, however, did not consider it necessary to know anything that was not in the newspapers, and professed herself per sonally unacquainted with Mr Vaughan. All she knew was that it had been a sad affair, and being followed so coon by the death of the little heir, had been a terrible shook to the family at the Court. When the incoming train was signalled, how thankful Lsabeth felt no tongue can saMr Singleton held out his hand to her. " I am se glad I met you; before we part you must tell me your name." "Nurses have no names," she answered, evasively. "I am known as Nurse Jane and your name ? I am going to write to Lady Gertrude about a commission she left me, and I will tell her of this interview." She knew it only too well, still it was dis crest to enquire. He gave her a card out of his pocket-book, "Rev. Abel Singleton," and as he did so crashed the rising hope that had sprung into her heart when she thought that perhaps she had got rid of him for ever. "I am taking my sick wife abroad," he remarked, " perhaps we may meet the Dunravens: have you any idea where they. are going?" ' ot the least. Their route is very un decided." The answer was a hurried one, andLisbeth entirely forgot she had just said that she was going to write to Lady Gertrude. It was as good as any other, however, for the train glided off, and Mr Singleton had no time to make further inquiries. As she turned round feeling almost faint from the relief of having got rid of him, a voice said: "Hullo, Miss Glendinning, I thought I should have been in time to see the Dunravens off, but I hear they went by an earlier train. \Who was that ?" The speaker was Dr Watson, curious as was his wont to know all about everything that was going on. "A friend of Mr Vaughan's," replied Lisbeth, still with an effort keeping up the strain of answering with indifference ques tions that were to her of such vital import ance. " He wanted to see Sir Clement, and condole with him, and learn all particulars. He was sorry to have missed him." "Jolly good thing he did. Sir Clement has had enough of that subject. Pity I did not see him. I could have told him all he wanted to know." Lisbethcould not help shuddering at the Sthought of what might have been the issue "You are catching cold standing about at these dismal leave-takings," said the doctor, who saw her shiver. "I shall have you on my hands next. Get into my trap and Iwill driveyou home." Lisbethaccepted gratefully. She felt very weary and out of spirits. A drive through the fresh air might do her good. At all events, it was better than walking through the town, to be cross-questioned at every turn about the Dunravens and their affairs, as she inevitably would be. The ditficulty was to keep up appearances with Dr Watson, and seemed to be her usual self. The little man was, however, such a good talker that it was an immense help to Liebeth, and they drove away in the smart little gig very briskly and enjoyably. That is, the doctor was thoroughly enjoying himself, and he took it for granted that Liebeth was doing the same. One not very pleasant outcome of the drive neither of them had considered, which was, that, seeing Lisbeth Glendinning seated by Dr Watson in his gig, had set the whole of Colechill chattering and wondering whether the bellringers would have to practise wedd ing chimes. Not that such a wedding would have af forded Coleshill any particular satisfaction. The Glendinnings were by nomeans popular, more than half the population still believing, notwithstanding the verdict, that Jim Glen dinning had had a hand in the death of Pierce Vaughan. And to see their pet doctor married to this man's daughter was by no means what Coles. hill would have chosen had it-been consulted in the matter. If Lisbeth had been less absorbed in the contemplation of her recent meeting with Rev Abel Singleton, she would not have run the gauntlet of general observation. As it was, she felt thankful for the doctor's protecting care, and did not consider any. thing that lay bayond. She had been used to look up to him for help and advice; it would have seemed unnetural to have to forego his assistance. Of course Dr Watson could not help seeing that Lisbeth was by no means herself, but he ascribed it to her partingwiththe Dunravens. He was quite aware of her devotion to Lady Gertrude, and that the departure of the in mates of Aboyne Court would create a greet blank in her life. Ah! if he could only fill it, he thought, as he sat there by Lisbethis side. And then he, too, fell to ruminating over the suspicion that had been awakened in his mind in connection with little Lisa. Thinking hard, he actually forgot to talk; thus they became sucha silent couple as they drove along that one would haveimagined they had been married for years. Nor did they awake from their very different dreams until they reached the cottage. •'I'll just come in and seeif all your people are all right," said the doctor. In reality he wanted to have a good look at Lisa, and see if he could trace any like ness that would be a guide to him for the future. What he saw in the child he did not say, but he looked so grave that Llabeth asked excitedly what ailed Lies, was she ill, did he see any hidden disease? She seemed hearty and strong enough. "1 o, no, the ehild is well enough, there is nothing to be anxious about. I am only studying heredity, It is a pet study of mine," and he sighed. "Studying heredity, what do you mean ? What heredity did he find in Lisa, this wait ?" and the hot blood rushed into Lisbeth's face as she askedthe questions. He did not reply in a direct manner, but looked at her very hard, and then as the child, and holding out his hand, said he would call again in a few days. Dr Watson was gone, ante there was.no doubt but that he carried with him the knowledge that she was Lisbeth's own child. Bhewonderedwhathe would do with his knowledge. Would he guarditfaithfully,or would he btray it ? She put the latter asuggestion away as unworthy. She had too high an opinion of Dr Watson to think him capable of betraying any woman. She went upstairs toherroom, took off her out-doorgarmeate, and then, having locked the door, gave way to one of those paroxysma of wild tears which-as a heavy storm clears the atmosphere of a summer's night-makes a woman's heart feel lighter for a while. Liabeth had that day gone through more than she could well endure. The falsehoods, the humnbug she had been compelled to have recourse toin her interview with Mr Single. ton in order to shield Sir Clement, were most repulsive to her, and added therefore to the misery she was feeling from anxiety. Could she go on bearing this burden in silenes ? Should she make a clean breast of everything to Dr.Watson ; would he not help her and Sir Clement, too, or must shekeep the secret until it drove her mad P CHAPTER XXX.- TnIE SPECTRES OF THE FUTURE. " Don't you think, Gertie darling, that a drive would doyou good For twodaysyou have not been out of this hotel- we might as well have stayed home if you do not benefit by the change." " I am tired, Clem, I feel as if I only want to lie here and be at peace." " Are you sbrry you came abroad, dear 1" "No; I am very glad, for I think you already look the better for the change." And so he did. There was a good deal of elasticity in Clement Dunraven's nature, and hearing and seeing nothingto annoy him, he had to an extent thrown off his weight of worries. Of course, he had his dark hours, and very terrible they were; but since the boy's death he had managed to conceal them from Lady Gertrude, and as he did not look so haggard as he had done in England, she reasonably conjectured that the change was doing him good. And this was the one gleam of sunshine the poor little woman had, for her own heart was very sad, end so brosen was she that those about her almost feared she had received her death-blow when the baby died. Sir Clement, however, would not believe this. He declined, to see any danger in his Gertie's condition. Other women had lost children before and had got over it, why should she not do the same? There was no organic disease; of that Dr Watson had assured him. Lady Marcia and Elvira Delane would arrive in a couple of days, and then Gertie would cheer up. How could he, miserable and remoreeful wretch that he was, expect to be able to cheer her up, ann as yet they had not met anyone in Wiembaden whomthey knew. Thus he consoled himself as he wan. dered about the lovely garden in which the kurhaus and the principal villas re situated, and longed for the time when, her friends having arrived, Lady Gertrude would be in duced to accompany them in their wander ings. If he could-only get her into the Kur.garten every day to hear the band, he knew she would soon get all right. How fallacious is hope, yet but for hope how deep would be despair. Wiesbaden was not perhaps altogether the very best place to which Lady Gertrude could have come, a more bracing climate might have served her better. It was Lady Marcia who has chosen it. She had, or im. aginedahe had, various ailments for which a residence at Wiesbaden would be beneficial, since it abounds in specialists of considerable renown, and, the chief object being to get Lady Gertrude away from the reminiscences that surrounded her at Aboyne c;ourt, the climate of her temporary abode had not been brought under discussion. "Do you not think if I ordered a carriage you would drive to the Greek Chapel, or the Platte, or some of the places of interest in the neighborhood," persisted Sir Clement. " I am very well here at this window; I can see the trees." . They were at an hotel on the Wilhelm Strasse, looking on to the Park. "Then I must go all alone," said Sir Clement, with a sigh. This appeal at once roused Lady Gertrude. " I will go with you, Clam, dear-forgive me for being so selfish. Order acarriage for five o'clock ; it will be cooler then." He kissed her and went out to give the order, wondering, as he went, what there was in him, a criminal, that two women should be always ready to sacrifice their wishes and pleasures to him. Having arranged about the carriage to his satisfaction, he thought he would go to the post-office and seo if there were any letters. Owing to some uncertainty about their rooms in the hotel, all letters were to be sent " poste restante," aplan which especially suited Sir Clement, as he could than receive letters from Lisbeth without their being observed either by his wife or the servants. There was one awaiting him now, with a small P marked in the corner, which meant that he was to open it when no one was by. The sign somewhat astonished Sir Clement, for thouch he himself had told her to put it., she had declined, saying "that the letters she intended to write him in the future would be of suech a nature that anyone might read them." Something unexpected, then. hadoccurred, Sire OlCte a-.s, a" hestood in the atest? tearing open the letter with trembling fingers, "perhaps the other child also was deed." By one of those preverse whims, for which he himself could have given no reason, ever since the boy's death, Clement Dunraven had found himself constantly thinking about Lisa. Lisa, of whose existence he had not taken any account until within the last few weeks. If any sickness or trouble had overtaken her, he felt he would be sorry on his own account, as well as for Lisbeth's, whose idol be knew she was. But Lisa was well and hearty, the missive began by telling him so, and he felt relieved. Very soon, however, was he to have his rising spirits dashed to the ground as he went on with the letter and read the whole account of Lisbeth'e interview with the ,Rev Abel Singleton. Hydra-headed, he feared, was the relentless pursuer who must inevitably, sooner or later, find out his sin. Lisbeth had been most judicious, and had laid the ghost for awhile, true, loyal woman that she was; but there was no saying when it would begin to stalk again, or at what point of his travels he might meet it. He took along walk before he returned to Lady Gertrude, although there were several letters at the post-offioe which he knew she would be glad to have; buthe felt he did not dare meether questioning glances until, after this fresh blow, he could manage to assume something of his wonted.calm. One omission he blamed Lisbeth for in his mind. Why had she not asked where on the Con tinent this persistent parson was going to take his siok wife? It would have been so easy to avoid that particular spot, and with the small means the Singletons had,. they were not likely to travel about much. Now he would be kept in constant dread, examin inghotel visitors' books,bookmng into the face of every stranger, afraid to speak to anyone who addressed him, leasethe man who spoke should be Singleton, whose personal appear ance he had totally forgotten. Oh, it would be too dreadful, a new phase and a most terrifying one in the painful life-drama he hado rashly and thoughtlessly prepared for When he reached the hotel, before he went into the room where Lady Gertrude was, he began the inquiries which would now be his daily task, by examining the book that lay on the table in the hall. No enoh name as Singleton. ?epaesedon to his wife's sofa with the letters he had brought for her, While she read them he stood looking at himself in the glass that hung over the mantel-shelf. Engrossed in her correspondence, she did not heed what he was doing until he said: "Do you know, Gertie, I have a mind to let my beard grow. Is will be wonderfully less trouble than shaving, and rather becom ing, too, I enspect." bShe laughed as she amid : "You conceited boy, yes, let it grow. I should like to see you with a beard. No one will reoognise you when you get back to England." She little guessed that this was what he was aiming at, and that, as for conceit, every particle of it had died out of him months ago. (To axE Coa-rwcn,.) 