GHOSTLY MATCHMAKER Kindly allow uie to introduce my self. Of course, you will imagine that the somewhat commonplace person who calls himself the author of this story is addressing you. Nothing of the sort. I have rented him for the occasion, although I am sensible he makes but a poor vehicle for the trans mission of ghostly thoughts and ideas. Still, as it was necessary to materialise myself for this occasion, and he hap pened to be let, I closed with him at once, on the condition that he should have a vacation in space until mid night. This arrangement will enable me to briefly tell you how I, v. disembodied ghost—not that 1 ever heard of any other kind of ghost—am speaking to you with the voice of a living man—at least he thinks himself a man. I want to tell how I visited Aunt Matilda and had it out with her. I admit that the proceeding was rude, but I reallv couldn't help myself. Any ghost with a shadow of self- respect would have treated her in the same way. Only last night 1 was off duty in Shadovvland. Something had dis agreed with me. My tones ached; ibey wern't properly articulated—I believe that is the correct term. One also suffers from rheumatism in Ghost lard, not to any great extent, but just sufficiently so to be unpleasant. ' Kiudly put out your tongue,' paid my provisional adviser, still sticking to worldly phraseology from sheer ioree of habit. I hadn't a tongue, so I cou^Ju't. ' My dear Biffles,' he said (my natr e is Biffles),as he dug me in the ribs until they rattled, 'iny dear Biffles, what we want is change of scene. We're decidedly low—pining for some thing. We've been here twenty years without a holiday, and it's growing monotonous. We must have a night off. We want tone—bracing up—we want to think of something unpleas aut which will instantly dissipate the placidity of Ghostland. Someone who used to quarrel with us in the old days when we were alive. Think, we must think, of some one down there.' ' ]STo; can't think of anyone down there,' I said, after a moment of shadowy reflection ; * it's a long time ago.' ' Think,' my doctor repeated, as he felt for an imaginary watch, and rammed it into a non-existent pocket. ' Someone who used to disagree with you very murh. Didn't you-—eh— ever marry down there ?' Then I remembered Matilda. A shudder ran down my spine. * 3STo— no,' I said; * very nearly but she wriggled out of it.' ' Is ehe—eh—still down there ?' he asked, in his old professional tones. * We want a tonic, my dear Biffles— we want tone—we want rousing— forcibly rousing—we must look her up if she hasn't married. She'll rouse us. Who was she?* * Matilda,' I said sorrowfully, for I didn't want to be roused (I remember Matilda's methods of rousing me in the past). She was very pretty then, but had a—a temper enough to make your bones rattle. * Ah, yes; just the very thing, the very thing for us,' he murmured. ' Go down and call there to-night. You will be thankful enough to get back agaio, but it will, doubtless, make a little.change for you.' Somehow I had forgotten all about Matilda. She had been one of the breams I had failed to grasp when I was alive. We were psychical affini ties once. How pretty she was then! Golden Jiair, too, and blue eyes, and a voice like the soft music of the wind among the pine tops when—when she wasn't angry,* but when she was angry it became like the roaring ot a gale at sea. Ah, that temper! She said she would never marry a man who smoked, unless he did it in a green house where it would keep off the flies. And so we had parted. She said that I seemed to think that matrimony was all smoke ; and that smoke in drawing-room curtains was a thing no woman would put with. So we agreed io disagree. I caught the ten o'clock Phantom Special, and reached London in forty five seconds. The guard landed inein Matilda's drawing-room. I another second I found myself confronting two psychical affinities. Just imagine yourself transferred from the chill, shadowy depths of Ghostland to a world of warmth, and light, and love. The fire burned brightly; a cat purred on the hearth. The room was gay and cosy, the air Bweet with the fragrance of flowers. Not the scent of cold, dead blossoms, but living incense which floated around what had oaee been my heart, as I raised my hands in mute benediction over his black curls and her golden hair. I gathered from their conversation that the golden-haired girl was Matilda's niece. He was called Dick, and ber name was Emily. I further gathered that she was dependent on Matilda, who ruled her with the rod of iron, wherewith she had ruled me in the days of old, when I was expected either not to smoke or to do so with out spoiling the curtains. Matilda, it appeared, had resolved never to consent to Dick and Jimily's marriage, which was just what might have been expected from Matilda. Matilda had gone to bed with cotton wool in her ears and a cold in her nose. And poor Dick had crept down the area., and cook had let him in to spend a few minutes with his beloved one, just to renew their vows and com fort each other. He was full of hope. The world was hard, he said, but love was stronger than the world or even death itself, and he would conquer the world, and they would live happily ever after in a suburban villa, without being afraid of even a tax collector. Then he somewhat sorrowfully, for all his brave words, went away, and Emily her face buried in the sofa, prayed for something to soften that portion of Matilda's anatomy which she called a heart. I felt a phantom tear steal down where my nose Bhould have been. Then I laid a flesh hand on Emily's shoulder and pressed a shadowy kiss upon her fair white forehead. 4 Don't be afraid, my dear; I'll tackle Matilda; she cannot hurt me—now, said I, and I was upstairs before Emily could give more than a startled little scream and hide her face in the sofa cushion. I suppose it was rather a rude thing to enter a lady's room at that hour, especially as I had not been invited to do so and never even knocked. But I was very angry with Matilda. She had made me miserable on earth for twenty years, and now she was carry ing on the same sort of thing with these young people. I perched on the rail at the foot 'of the bed, and tried to prevent my teeth from chattering. Matilda sat up in bed with the wool in her ears and a stocking tied round her bead. As a preliminary proceed ing I blew out the wool. It is a favorite trick of you mortals to stuff such things in your ears and not listen. A fire burnt cheerfully in the grate. (Matilda always could take care of herself.) On her little round table stood a bottle labelled 4 The mixture. To be taken as before.' It smelt, in spite of disguising peppermint, like some I bad tasted—something with an aroma—at batchelor parties when I was alive. I reached over and, forget ting my physical limitations, drank some. Yes, I was right; it was mnch stronger than peppermint. It ran down over the bed, but fortunately for me, Matilda failed to notice it. As I scurried back to the bed rail, Matilda saw me and groaned. (Matilda was always very rude.) She appeared to be terribly frightened. 4 It's only me, Matty,' I said, thinking the endearing diminutive 4 Matty' might soothe her. 'It's only me. I've just dropped in for a quiet chat—from up there.' Matilda's wrinkled and ill-tempered old face turned white. She tried to hide it in the clothes, but I would not let her. ' I'm—I'm afraid it is rather indeli cate, Matty, but I am here on business and it won't keep. It is no use screaming for anyone. They cannot turn me out,91 said. Matilda recovered. That woman always had plenty of nerve. ' It's you, is it ?' she said, as if she didn't think much of me. '1^1 fancied you had gone to a place where they could not give up smoking.' Just like Matty. Always ungener ous, always unforgiving. It made me feel alive again, just to hear her shrewish voice. She evidently was not a bit afraid of me now. That made the whole scene seem natural at once. 4 Just explain what you mean by coming in at this hour. If you had been alive you would not have dared. I'd scratch your eyes out.' 4 True enough ; I'd have been frightened. Time has not softened you much, Matty.' * No; I am as tough as old red sandstone,' she said. 4 If you don't go away I shall throw things at you. What do you want ? * Only one thing; you are very comfortable here. How do you do it F Two and three quarter per cent, goschens ? 4 Never you mind. You left me the money,' she said. * Yes,' I said, thoughtfully nursing my left leg and balancing myself in an airy attitude on the rail, just to let her see that I was not frightened. * Yes, I did, and that is what I've come about.' * Well, you cannot have it. You'd be better off. If you come again I'll prosecute you. You never did have any sense of propriety when you were alive.' * A.lways hasty, Matty. Ah, me ; what an escape I had.' She sat up in bed angrily, 4 I£ you don't go I'll have you turned out.' 4 If you're not quiet I'll compromise you, Matty, I said. 4 You rigid Wesleyans don't like a scandal, and I'll materialise myself. How do you like that ?' 4 If you take the same shape you once had,' she replied, 'I shouldn't like it at all. What d'you want ?' 4 Only one thing—ebarming turban you're wearing, Matty. There was always something Oriental in your style of beauty. Oh, yes ; it was just a trifle I wanted.' 4 What is it ?* 4 You must make over your 2£ per cent, goschens, te your niece and con sent to her marriage with Dick, or'— I paused significantly. ' Or what ?' she enquired. 4 Well, you see—but I'd rather not explain.' 4 You must.' 4 Oh, very well, if you insist I suppose I'll have to. You know where you hinted I came from ?' She nodded until her turban came off. ' Well, I don't want to seem unkind Matty, but unless you do as I wish about that little matter you'll have to go back with me.' She shrieked. Then she reflected. ' I could make it very uncomfortable for you there, I suppose ?' * PerbapB, but I'm willing to give up my personal comfort for the sake of those young people.' ' You always were a fool,' she sneered. (Her rudeness was quite refreshing. I felt ever so much better.) ' Tou always were a fool. Bat I'll do it, if only to get rid of you.' ' It's a promise ?' I asked. ' Of course ; I never break my word.' ' No ; you'd rather break some one else's heart. Then we may consider this little matter arranged ?' I slid on to the counterpane and laid an icy hand upon her heart. ' Yes—yes,' she gasped. D—don't do that again; you'll make my cold worse. Only go and I'll swear to do it.' ' No, your promise is sufficient,' and I turned to go. ' That's all. Grood night.' ' Good night/ she snapped, 1 I'll settle all that to-morrow.' * You—you wouldn't like to shake hands ?' I suggested timidly (I always was afraid of her). 1 Shake hands be fore we part. I mightn't get a night off for another twenty years. We— we've had a very enjoyable tete-a-tete. Quite like old times. She held out a hand almost as cold as my own. Then she began to cry. People do cry after taking too much peppermint. ' "What's the matter, Matilda ?' I asked, in astonishment. * I really did love yon,' she sobbed. ' I—I should like to kiss you just once.' I started back in terror. ' Ueallv, Matilda, I have a reputation to main tain. This is a little too much. I'm only an unprotected ghost. You shouldn't, you know, really,' and I sped from the room. ' I wonder if that sweet girl A'ill ever know,' I thought to myself, as I entered Emily's room. Enfolded in her golden hair she lay sleeping, a smile upon her lovely lips. Her white eyelids were closed over her beautiful eyes ; one little white hand fell on the coverlet. I fell on my ghostly knees, and the warmth and i life of the girl's sweet nature stole into me as I lifted her hands to my phantom lips and then faded noise lessly away into the Kingdom of Dreams and Shadows, back to the quiet, drowsy haunts of my fellow-spirits, there to linger, though longing to take my place again in all the Stful fever and the strife which men call life.— Exchange. 