Affile gas a gtst j I A FAII HFUL SAYING. A Sermon by the Rev. JOHN KOBERTSO.V. "This its a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners."—1 Tim. i. 15. There are not many faithful sayings to-day. There are not many sayines among men that you could pia your faith to—come weal, come woe. £>en the dicta of ecienoe are not final. You believe all that you hear just as little as you eat all that you see. Yesterday tbey said that the sun moved round the earth. To-day they say that the _ earth moves round the sunand to morrow, for all I know, they may say that neither the earth nor tbe eun moves at all Yesterday they said that the earth was flat • to-day they say tbat she is round ; and to' morrow, for all I know, they may say that she is square. Where oan you get finality ? Where can you get amoni? men a speech that you oan lie flat down upon » The opinion of to-day is overturned to-morrow. We are shifting as the wind, in opinions, political and scientific, and so we bad better settle this at ooce. Ii this Paul be merely your word, »postle though you be, trained dialectical theologian though you be, skilful in logic and subtle though you , . °°(fht np among the Pharisees and sophists of the old time as you have been, if this be merely your word there is no faithful ness in it to me. If this Book is merely the fallible, imperfect word of a mortal man, I have no Bible, and tbe sun is blotted out for m^ and eternity is dark and starless. Woe is me 2 It was in Plymouth, and tbe sailor thought besaase be had chat eerie feeling that forbodes woe that he would this .time speculate in a lifebelt. Passing down one of the streets there be saw in a window the very thing be wanted, a splendid glaring yellow lifebelt, ncd on it were the words " warranted cork." The very thing 2 He went in and he bought it, and paid for it {which is not so common), and he stowed it away in his bunk. The ship lifted her anchor and set *ail, and put her bosom on the heaving deep, and the cloudB became scuds before the storm, and the waves put on their white caps of wrath, and jumped the one on the other to see what the vessel was made of. A leak started, and tbe vessel shuddered and shivered in the storm; but Jaok eaid " What a fortunate man I am to have the lifebelt." He got it up, and, refusing to.take his place in the longboat in which all the other sailors had placed themselves, he fastened around him the man-warranted lifebelt, and oommitted himself to the roll of the ooean. Hardly had he touched tbe water than the lifebelt became like a girdle of lead, and, within a very arm's length of the longboat, pulled him down to his death, head foremost. What was the matter ? It was not oork! It was sawdust! Do you see ? It beoome soaked and Heavy and leaden, and it pulled him to his death, and so man'e word was his ruin. He lost bis lifethrough it. So Paul, Paul, if is is merely thy word, with the ocean around me and the other shore so far I cannot commit myself, with any sense of safety, to the deep." I cannot float on a man's word. Paul says as a very preface, "This is a faithful saying. Do not fear. It is not my word. _ It is faithful because God who spoke it is faithful." The holy aian spake as he was moved by tbe Holy Ghost; and so he says, before he tells the Gospel as all, "Trust it, brother. _ It is a faithful saying, faithful with all the faithfulness of an infallible, irrevocable utterance of Almighty God." And that is needful to-day. Saved one, you are floating on some little bits of this word, I know. Around you is the lifebelt of some infallible saying. Some text, some word, you are -restingon ; and it is pleasant and safe rating on the Wwd of God. It will bear you ashore, brother. On tbe other shore there are millions saying, " Oh, trust it! It has floated us to eternal glory. Treat the Word. Keep to the Word. Bind it round your heart and soul." It is a faithful sayiug you can trust to; and when you come to your dying bed, pot a little bit of the Word below you as a soft, gentle pillow, and sleepy brother, on that. Soft as eider down is the Word of God tor a dving bed.. Be he bishop or deaoon, or ordinary member, give him the Word to die on; give him the Word to live an, tue faithful saying of God's inspiration. . But that is not all. Paul, as it were, you notice here, does as did the old herald, who got the proclamation from the king.. He plunged his spurs into the flanks of his steed, and he took his way to the market cross of every borongh and town in the country ; and, unslinging from his side the bugle, he woke the eohoes of hill and valley with a peculiar blast that only the king's heraid could blow. When they heard it, all the people turned out, and tbey said, "What is it, king's herald? What is it, thou messenger from royalty?" And he read' the proclamation, word by word. He dare not amend it one tittle. Word for word the proclamation fell on their ears. Paul is like that. Before he gives as the proclamation, before he tells us what the Gospel is, he unslines tbe bngU of inspiration, and, taking his place at the market oross of the world, there is the blast to call to attention, "It u a faithful saying, ye sens of men, and it is Vorthy of all acceptation." What does he m»an by that ? The mother knows about it. There is the little babe on her knee, do you see? and there is the little spoon glistening in tbe gaslight, and tbe little thing knows that whatever is in the spoon must be good, because a mother's hand holds it. _ It oould not tell you tbe chemistry of tbat delicious morsel in the suoon. It could not put it down in its chemical formula. The little thing shuts its eyes and opens its mouth, and takes without exception what is in the spoon, and it looks for more. That is what Paul desired me to do. He says, " Take it, brother, without questioning. Take it without caring for the explanation of .it. Never mind the scienoe of it, the philosophy of it, the theology of it. Take it as a little child, for God has prepared it, and it is God's hand that holds it, and He is love. Take it unquestioningly. Take it without 4ny feelin?, without any reason for it. Take it on the bare word and authority of the living God." Says our great Scotchman, Chalmers, "Never do light and peace so fill my heart as when, like a little ohild, I sit down and take up the simple lesson th*t the Lord hath laid upon Him the iniquity of us all." You are not taking the Word HS a little child, and that is why you are not getting peace. You are saying " I thould like to see the constituents of it—I should like to see the sense and the reason of it; above all, I should like to have some feeling about it." " O, brother, take it," says Paul. " I cannot tell you what is in it; I cannot explain it among th« deep things of eternity, but take it—it is worthy of all acceptation. To ere is no adulteration in it, there is no error in it." And that is a greaft thing to day. You know that the puzzle of commerce is this—adulteration. You have your coffee, and the grocer, if he takes yon into his confidenoe. says " Well, I can hardly get pure coffee." There is a lot of brickdust in it; and your su*ar is sometimes with its ortckling among your teeth suspicious of tbe sand pit. The milk chat you gef.«nmetimes mgeests the"oow with theiron tail," does it not? And all the commodities of commerce you are a little suspicious about, because competition outs keenly, and cheapness brings deterioration and adulteration. " Bu," says the Greek of the Holy Ghost, " there is no error, nn admixture, no adulteration in the blessed Gospel committed to my trust," Paul savs " It is worthy of all acceptation." There is no error in it; it is truthful, final, infallible, and necpseary for your safety. Ynu oannot be saved without it. You cannot bfi saved exoept in the old way with the old truth. If you turn up your nose at the Old Bonk there is no salvation. There is no man or woman who ever felt the thrill of the Holy Ghost sincf. Christ parted those blue glues on going to his Father without the old Word. " It is worthy of all acceptation." We gat regeneration by the Word. " Being born again of wate r by the Word." The laver of regenpration is the infallible truth of the living God ; so we are glad tbat Paul, as he approaches us with tho Gospel in his hand, says, "Ho there! Stand still. It is a faithful eayinp, and it is worthy of all acceptation." _ And what is it then ? Here is the proclamation, word for word:—"Christ Jesus oaroe into the world to Bave sinners." Blessed Gospfil! _ That is the statement of it. There is Ralvation there. Untie the string*, fling back the wrapper, and take it. It is there if it is anv where—" Christ Je-ua came into the world to save sinners." That is the Gospel. "Christ." That is the first word of it, and what^ does it mean? The Holy Ghost says, "ChriBt Jesus," not "Christ" nor "Jesua Christ," but "Christ Jesus." And there is truth in it. There is meaning wide, and and de e P » the very structure of the Word of God—in the very placing, anu arranging and marshalling of tbe Holy Book of Bjoks. "Christ" first, because the truth m it comes first. The word "Christ" is the Greek for the old Hebrew " Messiah." It means the same thing—tbe sent, the anointed, the Representative of the Father. " Christ" is the name for the God nature, for th6 God part of this wondrous personage by the Sea of Galilee. " Christ" puts the crown of pure and eternal godhead on the brow of Jesus. It tells us that he was God, very God of V6ry God, God who makes the Etars and fixed them in their sockets, as lamps at His palace gates, and who scooped out the valleys, and who put tbe rolling deep where it is. The Eternal Creator is in " Christ." And do we not need a God to save us''. Do we not need a God in this life to lay hold of our old Qabits, of our pas6ions, tearing as the winter winds? You know your beart, and I know mine. I need God in this life, for sin is an existence to me, sharp of fang, bloody of teeth. Ere Cain did the second dark deed in the world, ere he wiped his hands from a brother's blood and went home, God characterized sin thus—and never was there a more powerful figure among the similes and figures of men—"Thy sin oroucheth." That is the word. It is not "lieth." "It oroucheth ready to spring." That is the Hebrew. " Tby sin crouoheth at the door," said God to Cain. And Cain listened. Cain put his ear to the keyhole of hiB own heart, and he heard the low growl. He heard the sharping and whetting of those teeth that were sworn to meet in him. Bin is a wild beast crouohing at thy door. You thought you had done with it man. No eye saw thee—no eye but God's eye—and tby s'in exists. It is outside thy door. It is squatting and crouching on thy door step. Go out in tbe darkness and misery with the wild besei. Go out and look into those flaming eyes. Go out and feel the talons and fangs and claws of thy past deeds, Sin is existent, brother. It is not blotted out. "Thy sin croucheth at the door." Oh, we need a champion's hand. We need a Samson — do we not ? — who will take the jaws of our old lion sins and tear them asunder. We need God to meet this past sin, to pluck from the paws of it its olaws, to shut its mouth, to chain the old sins, to extract the teeth of tbem, to make the past harmless, peaceful, at rest. We need God because sin iB an existence, powerful, determined, and miebty. And where will you get a Samson ? Will any of the old heathen philosophers help you? Where will you get a Samson to deal with sin? Will Tyndall help you? Will Huxley do it? Will any of the scientists or wise men of the West deal with sin ? Will he sit on the troubled sea of thy heart and, addressing the winds and waves, say, "Peace, be still?" Who will do it? Christ, God. We need God to-night, and that iB why Paul obeys the behests of tbe Holy Ghost, and puts " Christ" in tbe very first plaoe of the statement of his Gospel, for we need God in this world of sin and temptation and the powers of darkness. We need God, and God speaks and acts in Jesus Christ. Ay, but we need God at the narrow pass of Thermopylae We need God at one part of our lives—God alone in tbe past—God alone at the last. I had been only a few weeks in the ministry when I received a rebuke tbat never left me. You know young divines are very oratorical in style ; and so, cutting out of the last Sunday sermon an oratorioal and high falutin bit (God forgive me my ignorance), I brought it to that deathbed. Tbe passage was about the angels on quivering wings ooming down from the azure sky and bearing the soul to the regions above, &c.;, &c.; and the poor saint looked at her young minister— looked at him, and, as he felt, lo ked through him and she said, "Oh, sir." as she wiped the sweat from her chilly brow in the cold of death—"Oh, sir, that is no comfort." And I staggered from the house on my way home, and the Btars on that frosty night took up that weird refrain, " No comfort;"' and the frosty road, as it rang to my horse's heel, said, "No oomfort;" and the books in my study said, " No oomfort and I sat down in utter abasement of soul. Oh my God, can I not oomfort a dying saint? No comfort in the angels at the deathbed? And that night God led me to read the very passage whioh brought the truth to me and sbo ced me my misery, and enabled me on the following morning to hurry with the true comfort, and find her in life and able to accept it at last—the comfort from the (this time) Spirit-taught lips of her minister. It. was about the reaper of the earth, how the angels oame out from the pearly gates with their golden Biokles in their hands, for the reaping of the earth, and they reaped, and rea:«d, and gathered into bundles. The angels reap; and what do WB read ? Did you ever think of it ? Home they took the bundles of their reaping, and they ca°t tbem into the great winepress of the wrath of God. That is the angele' reaping. Bat here is a portion—God's acre—where the yellow corn is bending its ripe head in mute supplication to be reaped ; and the angels stop, for these yellow ears are the saints of God's eleotion. The angels stop. They feel that their golden scythes are not keen of edge enough to reap this portion ; and the spokesman of the angelic band lifts up his voice, and addresses Him tbat sat on the throne, and says, "Thrust Thou in Thy sickle and reap." And we read—and I do so with thankful heart — " He that sat on the throne thrust in His sickle and reaped." It is God at the last. Never fear, desponding saint. It is God at the last. If there are the angels —and there is a mighty train of them—they are attending the" Master. If there are angels, and cherubim and seraphim flocking to thy death bed, it is in tbe Master's company. It is the Lord at the last. It is the shepherd from the cosy fireside on the hill that tends to thd poor little Iamb that has fallen down the precipice. So, as the shadows fall, I know that it is Ohrist at the last; and no oreated arm could I lean upon across that awful gulf. No arm but God's could bear me up at the last. David had bold of that. He said, "Yea, though I walk through" the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for Thou art with me." God at thft last, and all this is in Christ. God la life, God at death, the Alpha, the Omega, the beginning, tho end, the first, the last, the eternal. And all this is in Christ. Wondrous Gospel! 