BSSS^BSSBBSnBRBSBBHiaBBB The AUeged Oaptare flf a Ghost The alleged capture of aspiritform as related id our cclumns on Saturday has caused a great amount'of till among spiritualists in Sydney and elsewhere. - - Concerning this the Star ujb A number of leading spiritualists Were spoken to oh Friday by a Star reporter wont the allegation made by Mr. T. 8. Henryagainst Mrs,- Mellon, of Wool lahra, of baring, by mesne of trickery, produced spirit forms at a seance given in her house, Woollahra, on thff even ing of October 12 Every onB ofthese persona, four of whom were, present at the seance, entirly disbelieved the statements of Mr.Henry." . .<!;. Mw. Mellon denied that she had used a false beard, mask or. anything whatever in producing the forms. She explained that the was in her normal condition until Mr. Henry caught hold of her. She was not conscious when be first gral bed her, but the form having taken some power from her she shot into it, fall off her seat-, fend then she was sensible that a man held her. She says the marks of Mr. Henry's finger nails are now on her wrist, so tight was his grip. . Lest night sbe raid she was willing to give a test of her powers before Sir George Dil'bs, newspaper menapd any public, men who desired to be present. The test will be given when herliealih will permit. Sbe will undertake to go into a Cige with ibsrs a; foot in thickness and make the forms appear. She arks why Mr, Henry does not pro ducu the beard, drapery, etc., he alleges be saw. . Mr. Mellon, her husband, is much annoyed at the allegations ~ of Mr. Henry, and is desirous that evidence of persons wbo disbelieve them shall be published. He said (hot Mr. Henry was known to be a spiritaalistic me dium, and announced bis intention of publishing a book on his experiences of spiritualism. The volume was to contain pic tuns of spirit*, be having collected a nomber of phonographs of these forms from various persons. Dr. M'Carthy, of Elizabetb-street, who has attended seances presided over by Mrs. Mellon, says:-" I have such an array of testimony of remark able things having occurred during my experience and close observation of Mrs. Motion's powers, .especially her materialising powers, that I certainly disbelieve the statements tb the con trary.- With such experience as I have had of her I could not believe that her phenomena are prodnced by con juring. Again we have the iiusolicited statements of a Sydney -doctor to the effect that materialisation , took place when Mrs. Mellon, when quite ayoung girl, was enclosed in a wired recess and was'tied there. ; It means, of course, that if there^were any conjur ing now it was conjuring then, and, mark you, conjuring of the most astounding and remarkable order. We all know that conjuring is acquired only after long and ;*arying practice and trader writable trtincw; One of the most remarkable conjurers of the present day, Professor Jacobs, after witnessing materialisation such as Mrs. Motion's, said that in order to procure even a clumsy imitation he would lequire I6bi of mafehinery. Even if .wbat'Mr.''Henry" and others taid be true, the.only "explanation I can offer is that she superadded to her natural powers for the «alte-of producing ef fects. I would be very sorry tofeccuse Mrs. Mellon of doing that." "Do yBu think Mrs. Mellon is willing to give;a test?" he -was asked. .1 ' r . " I may «ay not only is sbe willing to do so, but she has actually volun teered to give a most stringent test'to newspaper representatives when faer health ib sufficiently recovered. She attempted such a test some tiighfs agijbht fainted, and got'into a state of collapse, m wan certified by Dr. Pickbiirn 1 and myself. ' She was almost Dulsfeless, and was Weeding aat themouth." "" ito my part J will slaWmy exist ' ence that Mrs. Mellon will tfiamately ! ebore asgreat a trinniph 'an "ba! W-n aohieved in Sydney.. I take'up an en-; timely neutral and disinterested positron j in this matter. 1 shall favor .job s'de, | bntty Jove-I wis joing to jtt'y'-ijr, heavens-Inhall'iiee f airplay, J know that' sbme'of'the ;£oeusers' woptd hot be ? 'guilty it falsehood; On' the wbole,"] taking into consideration the «>nflirt-J ingevidenoe,there ie'gom'tb(ngwtii£hi requires to be uloared up." :.;J] A. doctor who was. present at thn ?eancesaysT-r".l deny theimibof the whole rf the stateniehte iif Jffr/JIenry.! Iam a partially ^sceptical msin,;of up-^ biassed and Inquiring mind, an J de. j sire to find outlhe truth one way ~i>r ; ibe other, As a tifin ofhonorl "ami bound to Btatb ihit'ironi what ,1 msw the statemeriis bT Dir. Henry {appear, tome to be untrue. .,f ! " I Was onlyafewfeet off tbo shefeti I saw the forms appear and' move about. I caught -hold of Mr, ^icD17 when be tpok bold bit Mrs.^Moilqp.,! spoketoliim before jtfce Beanos coin-: mencej, and tanartoii to himthat there was something etrange aTiout hiin; He replied^Btying, anlon^'oiheV*fliinHB,j Aat Mrt. Mellon would be vindicated,^ ; Jfe^mb'e, ofNorlh Sydney, :;artd' a vice- preeident of the 8ydn«y Spirit? aalista'Bociety, who waa present *ttfie seance, said; heneverfeawany mask,* bowd or ottjef^rtiples uaed.bjr. Mrr?. The spiritualists bere express jganj Mtbrewiih fMTl.Atollon for f^<mj|y lrtgaM%r-a %ibst fcris aTmedium, They exprrss Iran' silvis as iscnyinced ebe will tome, out of thediepnte with 'flying colours. : - " ? - i . Consequent npbn an .inquiry th*V has recentlv tsken plaoeln the Tam-i t'aoeferredi to . tbff East -M«itlan4 etteblubineoti 