THE HORROR OF STUDLEY GRANGE. A DOCTOR'S STORY. I was in my consulting room one morn- ing, and had just said good-bye to the last of my patients, wiled m'y serratit came tu and told me that a lady bsd called who pressed very earnestly for au inter- view with me. ' I told her that you were just going out, sir,' said thc man, 'and she saw the carriage at the door, but she begged to see you, if only for two minutes. This if ^fer card.' I read the words, ' Lady Studley.' ' Show her in,' 1 said hastily, and the next moment a tall, slightly-made, fair* haired girl entered the room. She looked very young, scarcely more than twenty, and I could hardly believe that she was, what her card indicated, a married woman. The colour rushed into her cheeks as she held out her hand to me. I motioued her 1 to a chair, and then asked her what I ? could do for her. ' Oh, you can help me,' she said, clasp* ing her hands and speaking in a slightly theatrical manner. 'My husband,rS» Henry Studley, is very unwell, and I want you to come to see him-can youP will you P' . With pleasure,' I replied. ' Where do you live P' 'At Studley Grange, in Wiltshire. Don't you know our place P' ' I daresay I ought to know it,' I replied, ' although at the present I can't recall the name. You want me to come to see your husband. I presume you wish meto have a consultation with his medical atten- dant P' . 4 No, no, not at all. The fact is, Sir Henry has not got a medical attendant. He dislikes doctors, and won't see one. I want you to come and stay with us for a week or so. I have heard of you through mutual friends-the Onslows. I know you can effect remarkable cures, and you have a great deal of tact. But you can't ß possibly do anything for my husband un- less you are willing to stay in the house and te notice his symptoms.' Lady Studley spoke with great em« pbasis and earneBtnes. Her long slender hands were clasped tightly together. She had drawn off her gloves, and was bend- ing forward in her chair. Her big, childish and somewhat restless blue eyes were fixed imploringly on my face. 41 love my husband,' she said, tears suddenly filling them-4 and it is dreadful, dreadful, to see him suffer sis he does. He will die unlesB ' someone comes to his aid. Oh, J know I am asking an immense thing, when I beg of you to leave all your patients and come to the « country, But we can pay. Money is no object whatever to us. We can, we will, g ladly pay you for your services.' 41 must think the matter over,' I said. 4 You flatter me by wielding for me, and by believing that I can r ender you assis- tance, but I cannot take a step of this kind in a hurry. I will .write* to yon by {to- night's post if you will / riye me your ad- dress, lu the meautiu3to( kindly t?H tt * V ./some of the symptoms of Sir Henry's malady.' ' I fear it is a malady of the mind,' she answered immediately, 'but it is of so vivid and so startling a character, that un less relief ia soon obtained, the body must give way under the strain. You see that lam very young, Dr. Halifax. Perhaps I look younger than I Am--my age is twenty-two. My husband is twenty years my senior. He would, however, be con- sidered by most people still a young man. He is a great scholar, and has always had more or less the habits of a recluse*. He is fond of living in his library, and likes nothing better thau to ba surrounded by books of all sorts. Every modern book worth reading is forwarded to him by its publisher. He is a very interesting man and a brilliant conversationalist. Perhaps I ought lo put all this in the past tense, for.U9W he scarcely ever speaks-he reads next to nothing-it is difficult to persuade him to eat-^he will not leave the house1 he used to have a rather ruddy complexion -he is now deadly pale and terribly ema- ciated. : He sighs in the most heartrend- ing manner, and seems to bo in a state of extreme nervous tension. In short, he is very ill, and yet he seems to have no bodily disease. His eyes haves terribly startled expression in them-his hand trembles so that he eau scarcely raise a cup of tea to his lips. In short, he looks like a mau who Eas seen a ghost' * When did these symptoms begin to appear P' I asked. * It is mid-winter now,' said Lady Stud- ley. ' The queer symptoms began to show themselves in my husband in October. They have been growing worse and woree. lu short, I can stand them np longer,' she continued, giving way to a short, hys- terical sob. * I felt I must come to some- one-I have heard of yon. Do, do come «nd save ne. Do come and find out what is the matter with my wretched husband.' *\ will write to yon to-night,' I said, in as kind a voice as I could muster, for the pretty, anxious wife interested me already. * It may not be possible for me to stay at Studley Grange for a week, but in any ease I can promise to come and see the patient. One visit will probably be suffi- cient-what your husband wants is, no doubt, complete change.' 'Yes, yes, yes,' she replied, standing up now. - * J have said so seores of times, but , Sir Heiffîr won't stir from Studley-noth- ing wUlJjtnduce him to go away. He won't even l»ve hisypwn special bedroom, làlthongjpT expecjOiie has dreadful nights.' ; .{Two hectic Bj»bts%urnt w her cheeks as 'she spoke. I looked at her attentively. ;." « You willtorgive me for speaking,' I' Lsaid, 'but Von do not look at all well ^oufflslftl .ll should like to prescribe for you as well as your husband. '/ . Thank you,'she answered, ' I am not .very strong. I never have been, but that 5|s nothing-I mean that my health is not Hji thing of consequence at present. Well, sj mascot ¿¿ka np any more of your timo. yjf. wau expect a letter from you to-mor r*ow morning. Please address it to Lady .^Studley, Grosvenor Hotel, Victoria.' 1 - She touched ray hand, with fingers that ^ai^^e a tivfcg coal and left the room. I^&QUght; her very ill, and was sure B that if J could see my way to spending a " week at Studley Grange, I should have .iwo j/stienta Instead of one. It is always |jliffiföitfto ; a'' ,busy doctoreo leave home, [»ut »Ker carefully thinking matters over, Kl resolved to èomply with Lady Studley's Request. ~\ A4R»rdinglytvo days later saw me on imyawny/ító vWiltsbire and to Studley grange. A brougham with two smart OfiorsBS was waiting Ut the station. To my ^reaisurprise 1 saw that Lady Studley ^faad come herself du ^tch me. 'I don't know- how to thank yon/she ¿»aid, giving me a feverish clasp of her ypa&d.; ' Yonrvisil fills me with hope-I jfteUwe yap will bo mbie to find out what ¡§s really itpoag; leonie J' she seid, giving !S quick,Jmplriotf8 direction to the foot- man who"appesred aï the window of the ^vl^^w^^u^rard at at » rapid pace, ^Asïï&ti;ô^etyou to-day to tell you ¿natal hay« flsedya little guile with regard .io yottr Visit. I have not told Sir Henry ^at^sÎL l^je&mbg; here in the capacity In H^^^^aused and gave ¡one of her jKBtleBS glances. T, " Do you mind P" she asked. ¡ ^fenr^É^l^o^ü» aD0U* n*6 *° Sir "4 "That you are a great friend of tho 0nslows, and that I have asked you here ;|br a week's change," she answered .{mmjdjajtelr>- 5As*"guest, my husband, ^ill^jPo^ite, and'delightful to you-as a foster, lié"would treat you wite scant' iöiviHt^.^nnd Would probably give you little or none of his confidence." ! 'I was" quite silent for a moment after Lady Studley had told me this. Then I ijjg&id; :- . .. "? ' Had I known that I was not to come to your honBe in the capacity of a medical $**>til&&k;?>lMf> ??e-considered my, Arnest desire to help you.' " '-*"*'" £ T ' Never mind," I said now, for I could I not but be touched but by lier extrsmely . pathetic and suffering face, by tho look | of great illness which was manifested in every glance. ' Never mind now ; I ana glad you bave told me exactly the terms on which you wish me to approach your husband ; but I think I can so put tho : matters that he will be glad to consult me | in my medical capacity.' I * Oh, but he does not even know that I suspect lus illness. It would never do for him to know. I suspect ! I see ! I fear ! j but I say nothing. Sir Henry would bo Munch more miserable than he is now, if he thought that I guessed that there is anything wrong with him.' j ' It is impossible for me to come to the ' Orange except as a medical man,' I An- swered firmly. 'I will tell Sir Henry; that you have seen some changes in him, j and have asked me to visit him as a j doctor. Please trust me. Nothing will be said to your husband that can make matters at all nncomfortable for you.' | Lady Studley did not venture any fur-1 ther remonstrance, and we now approached the old Orange. It wes an irregular pile, built evidently according to the wants of the different families who had lived in it. The building was long and rambling, with rows of windows filled up with panes of lattice glass. In front of the house was a sweeping lawn, which, even at this j time sf the year, presented a velvety and I well-kept^appearance. We drove rapidly round to the entrance door, and a moment later I found myself in the presence of I my host and patient. Sir Henry Stndley was a tall man with a very slight stoop, andan aquiline nose and rather noble face. His eyes were dark, and his fore- head inclined to bo bald. There wa« a courtly, old-world sort of look about him. He greeted mc with extreme friendliness, and we went into" Hie hall, a very large apartment, to tea. Lady Studley was vivacious and lively in the extreme. While she talked the hectic spots came out again on her cheeks. My uneasiness about her increased as I noticed these symptoms. I felt certain that she was not only consumptive, but in all probability she was even now the victim of an advanced stage of phthisis. I felt far more anxious about her than i about her husband, who appeared at that moment to be nothing more than a some- what nervous andhypochondriacal person, j This state of things seemed easy to I account for in a scholar and a man of ' sedentary habits. ' 1 I remarked about the age of the house and my host became interested, and told me one or two stories about the old inhab- itants of the Grange. He said that to- morrow he would have muih pleasure in taking me over the building. 'Have you a ghost here?' I asked with a laugh. I don't know what prompted me to ask : the questieu. Tho moment I did so Sir ! Henry turned white to the lips, and Lady 1 Studley held up a warning finger to me to intimate that I Was on dangerous ground. I felt that I was, and hastened to divert the conversation into safer chan- nels. Inadvertently I had touched on a sore spot. I scarcely regretted having done so, as the flash in jthe baronet's troubled eyes, and the extreme agitation of his face, showed me plainly that Lady Studley was right when she spoke of his nerves being in a very irritable condition. Of course, I did not believe in ghosts, and wondered that a man of Sir Henry's calibre could be at all under, the influence of this old-world fear. (To be continued.) 