Dignity .Degraded. Li Hung Chang, tho Chinoao Promior, iB very much like tk» uinn tvlio,nufForiug from toothache, doulitinil a discussion as to a futuro stato, on tho ground Hint ho would loavoit to the evolutionists to guoss whore ho came from, and to tho theolo gians to say whuro ho was going to ; ho had sufficient, and disaornonhln ovidnnnn to convince him whoro ho was. hi Hung Chang is tho subject and servant, of a monarch tylio, whon aifairs of Bin to go wrong, does not wasto timn in hunting around to discovar wlto is to blnmo ; ho simply issues his royal odiot that somo ono of his atatosmon have got to foot tho bill, and a Minister for Worry is nt onco crentod with a largo dobit balanco to Btart with, lminodiatolv Chinaand Japan commenced sparringnt each othor, boforo a blow was struck, Li llung Chang's shoulders commcnood to stoop utidor tho burdon of blame that was placod upon thorn, and immediately hostilities commenced in earnest, so did Li Hung's deprivation ofilignities. For tho roason that tho Chinoso Navy did not send tho Japanese ditto as n gift to Noptuno, Li Hung lost his Poacock's I'oathor, ond as reverses began to thicken his other Poathors woro plucked, till tho wretched man in tho eyes of his couulryinan must havo presented as miserable an appearance as a bird with its moulting mnchinory at high prossuro. And fol lowing his Feathers wont his Buttons, ono after tho othor, until ho must havo boon roducod to a froo use of tho humble pin to kocp his official robos from altogether tumbling off. » » lu vain ho apologised to anothor nation for his ships sinking a vossol carrying tho British flag, and. paid tho owners of that ship considerably more than its valuo, in nridition to tho apology ; in vain ho covered tho romains of a slaughtered Presbyterian Mission ary with enough Chinoso corpses to satisfy ovon the prido of a Scotchman's ghost ; the Fates were against him, and every post brought him additional evi dence of his Royal Master's angor, with, probably, tologruphed scorn in tho iutorun to koop up Ins spirits. In time .of penco Li Hung Chang established a very fair roputation as a wily diplomat, and mado a good all round Hovt of Promior, as modern Premiers go. But in time of war ho failed to give evidonco of tho combined genius of a Nelson and a Wellington, and after moulting all his Foalhers and shedding all his Buttons, tho Corean catnstropho has lost him tho Premiership. Probably, Li Hung Chang would havo willingly resigned tho dignities with the cares of office, if tlioy were all ho was cnllcd upon lo part with. But his position may bo de scribed by saying that if Central Queensland was as noar to Separation from tho South as Li Hung Chang's head is From his body Central Queens land would commence laying its bonlircs and preparing its congratulatory speochos. Meanwhile China wantB a Premier. Could not Qnoonsland make a step in the diroction of International Brotherhood by offering China tho loan of Tozor ? Thoro is a Rorl of affinity bctwoon tho Southern Horaco and Pea cocks' Feathers. And it would bo a sort of retributive justice if Tozor, who lias lost his hoad so many times in Queensland over matters military, wore to lose it after tho Chinoso fashion in tho same cnuso. 