MEN AND WOMEN. Mrs. Harriet Bcechcr Stowc was in too fceblo health to bo present at the recent un veiling, at the Wadsworth Athemcuin in Hartford (U.S.), of the marblo portrait bust of herself. Miss Whitney was the sculptor, and the bust, which cost'lOObdol.. and was paid for "by . subscriptions of Connecticut women, was unveiled by Hilda Stowe, Mrs. Stowe's granddaughter. An address was made by Mrs. Isabella Beeeher Hooker. American dollars have many methods of finding their way into English pockets. Tho usual method is tho matrimonial one, but tho American weakness for acquiring pro perties and sotting up as landowners shows 'no sign of diminution. The latest instance of this is tho purohase by Mr. Thomas Nevina of the Earl of Eingall's historical scat of Killoen Castle, in county Moslh. Mr. Kevins, who is an Irish-American resident, of Orange, in New Jersey, is said to have paid £GO,UOO for the property, which cxtonds to 1200 acres. Thus tho Weekly Dispatch (London) One hus always to go abroad for. authcutic information respecting our public men. I remember reading in an American paper some tiino ago that Mr. Gladstone had bc'cu seen kneeling in Piccadilly by tho side of a crossing-sweeper praying aloud, and I now cull the following from tho Sydney Troth : — 14 Charrington, tho Loudon brewer now visiting Australia, who says that ho gavo up a million to become a p'hilanthronistl is a bit of a crank. He is a bachelor, and lives ill an old-fashioned square in East London, with a baboon that opens and shuts the door for him, and sits by tho fire to keep him company." Alr.T. H. Ismay is ono of tho most promi nent figures in commercial life ia the United Kingdom. He is the founder, and was up to recently the managing director of the famous White Star line. Forty years of active business life have left Mr. Ismay a still fresh and vigorous man, looking in the prime of life. He earned the goodwill of all classes in- Liverpool by many splendid beuefactions, including a pension fund of £20, GUI) for old und worn-out Liver pool sailors. His purchase of the White Star lino dates from 1867. He at once commenced to substitute iron ves sels for . tho old wooden clipper shipa that traded to Australia, and in two years' time was able to establish the Oceanic Steam Navigation Co. to compete with tho then existing Atluntio lines. Under his management the firm have met with bril liant success. The fleet now consists of 10 magnificent steamships, with an aggregate of 100,000 tons. Mr. Ismay was a member of many public bodies. A correspondent writes of "John Oliver Hobbs," author of " A Bundle of Life," as follows: — " Tlioro isnn orror m a recent statement as to Mrs. Craigie being divorced. Sho is not divorced, but separated from her husband, whose name is Reginald Walpolo Craigie, and not Richard Craigie. At the ugo of 13 Pearl Richards wrote it story for a prize offered by London Like, She was the successful competitor, and signed herself 'John Oliver Hobbs.' After that firsteffort she was requested to continue her writing, which she did occseionally for London Like and other papers. After- her marriago and subsequent separation from Mr. Craigie, sho raturned to lier father's home in Lon don, nnd it was then that she determined to prepare herself for literary work by taking n literary and classical co'u'rao at Oxford University. In her later work sho retained the nom do guerro of 'John Oliver Hobbs.' Mrs. Craigio is tho groat-granddaughter of Dr. James Pochards, who was at the head of the Auburn, N. Y. , Thoological Seminary. Her grandfather, James Richards, D.D., was also a brilliant pulpit orator, and a very distinguished man. Her mother enjoys a special prestige in a unique friendship with the family of tho Duchess of Teck, and is much sought after for her ready wit." M. Casimir- Pcrier is just four years younger than was his predecessor when the latter attained Presidential honors, but bo resembles M. Curnot in being the grandson- of a distinguished statesman. Blood is thicker than water, and tho hereditaty principle would seem, after all, to count for ' something ' 'even in a Republic. "Tho connection between tho Periera nnd the bourgeoiso " (says the Pall Mall Gazette) "is stronger than that which was supposed to biud.Santo's victim to the capitalist class, for -they made their money by cloth-weaving. -That,- however, was some time ago, and for many years they have lived in simple yet docidcd aristo cratic style at their fino country scat of Pont-sur-Seinc. The wealth of thu now President, as well as his personal character, serves as a guarantee that ho will keep his hands as clean as those of M, Garnot. Another undoubted reoomniendation may be found in tho fact that, though a civilian, lie has had somo military experi ence and given ' proof . of courage iii tho field. He looks, indeed, much more like a soldier thau a pdkin. His stature is tail, his bearing orect, and his face close- shaven but .for a rather heavy moustache ; his short dark hair brushed back from un. ample forehead, bushy eyebrows, compressed lips, and prominent . nose give him a very resoiuto effect. Madame Casimir-Pdricr is his cousin, a daughter of M. Edouard Pdrior. She is said "to be an accom plished and charming woman, but a little nervous, as woll'sho may be, at assuming so difficult a posision. There are two children, a girl of 14 and a boy who is being educated at the Lycfto Janson-do- Sailly. .The family rcsideiico in Paris is in tho line Nitol, but the chief magistrate and his wife are now installed in temporary quarters at tho Foreign Office on the Quai d'Orsay until .tho Elycde is ready for his rocoptioii." Mr. Julian Hawthorne having, like Mr. Stevenson, a taste for tropical lifo, has re cently purchased a large farm in the moun tains of Jamaica, whore he proposes to raise fruit and early vegetables, for the Northern markets. Ho has also renbod a most beauti ful residence, Monn, on a coffee estate near Kingston. A broad flight of black and white marble stops leads to the front door, tall coooanut-palms shade it, and it has on one side a quaint old Italian garden full of flowers, orange-trees' and 'oleanders. A number of large out-buildings stand' at the back, nnd in , one oi them is a swimming-bath 30ft. long. Another has been transformed into a study, Mr. Hawthorne himself, papored it, and painted a most elaborate frieze oi daisies in a conventional pattern, with a running inscription from tbo Persian around the ton. The ceiling he painted in light yellow and the heavy raftcra in chocolate. The place is supposed to bo hkuntod, but, to Mr. Haw thorne's disgust, the ghost refuses to appear. " Ha knows I would interview him and use him as material." Mrs, Hawthorne gives a most amusing account of her struggles with West Indian servants, "I wanted my lawn mowed, end they told mo it must be done .by a woman with a machete. Ihad aiready borno the shook of seeing my kitchon garden pickaxed Up instead of plougbod, so as women wero cheap — Qd a flay— I engaged six. The consequenco was that onu cooked all the time whilo tho rest sat behind tho ping-wing hedge and chatted. Aftor this had gono on- for several days I weeded out four, and kept what I thought wero tho two most promising. There wero no visible results on the lawn, and every lime I went near them they bogged for something to oat, so I kept a vr£y until I one day beheld them sitting nnder a mango treo sewing. So I sent them off.' They had Biayed three weeks, I had paid out 16i, and two-thirds of tho lawn were untouched. I concluded to havo the rest dono by tho job, so I called in a mau. He offered to do it for 8s. I told him I shouldn't dream of giving it, and that every one was laughing at us because we paid fivo times the regular price for everything. Ho promptly canto down to 5;, nnd did it in a day and a half. I shall always have work dono by the job whilo I remain in- tho WcBt Indies," 