". Noxious Trades. AT.the fortnightly meeting of the Central Board of Health held vosfcerdav. our . old and necessary, though unpleasant friend,: the subject of noxious trades, cropped up again. More substantial than a ghost it reappeared consequent upon some recent attempts to eet up afellmongery establish ment at Bulimba. As a matter of course thia proposal brought up once mora nearly, if not quite, every point involved in con nection with the location of noxious trades. There wusthequestionaboutcontaminating the air, and that about polluting the water; and then tberewastlie secondary, yet even more important, question of centralising or decentralising all noxious trades of tho same class, and, perhaps, of all sorts of such works. Membors of tho board appeared to be in favour of centrali sation. Giving members o£ Llu> liuaVu fullest credit for their desire to do the best in this matter, it may bo pointed out that generally this view lias beon taken only by parsons who have a large estate to sell, in their judgment just suited to the purpose. But it has appalled the imagination in trying to realise what such a place would be. Persona interested in carrying on noxious trades, so called, havo always raiaod tho stoutest objections against the proposal. The cost of collect ing all tho raw material of these trades from tho thirty-two points of tho compass and then of redistnbuting the products would bo great enough to prevent thecarry- ing on of any noxious trade with profit. Generally the material of these trades bears tho lowest values ; the work per formed upon them can be paid for only at lowest rates of wages ; and the finished article ho6 to be sent out in considerable bulk, costly to ho carried, to secure any return for the adventure. In a word, commercially, it would not pay to centralise all noxious trades. There aro, therefore, two very weighty objections against centralisation, namely — that it would not pay, and that if it would such a place would he thought of with terror. It iB muoh more according to the course of nnture and the only way which offers an opening in theso trades, that they be decentralised. Place them as near ob may be whoro they ore required, take overy precaution that they Bhall not necessarily polluto anything, ond then tee that thoy are kept in the moat cleanly ond methodical manner. The idea of central ising tbcBe trades near Sydney, so long chorished and agitated for, has for the time being boon abandoned on tho authority of no less a person than Professor Anderson Stuart. His re commendation to abandon that proposal was accompanied by another, that all these works he kept undor proper oversight. To this he added his uusurairco that under these conditions no noxious trade would become dangorous to the health even- of those engaged in it, and therefore notto the.'Communitjr_around. "With all reipeot, yye commend these views to the attention of the Central Board of Health. "We do more than commend these views so far as they refer to thojalaughtor- ingof cattle. Ye implore the board not to reoommend the establishment of publio abattoirs. Slaughter-yards need not bo any nuisance whatever, and therefore, a little attention to thom should secure their being kept in good order. At tho camo time we strongly support the board in their unanimous decision that no local government board should buvo tho authority to sanction tho location of any premises intended for carrying on any business included in the expression noxious trades. Local boards are not sup posed to have authority to do this, bocauso it may, if not must, affect areas over which the sanctioning board has no con trol. It is a subject properly within the sphere of the Central Board of Health, and there should bo no difficulty, and, therefore, no delay, in limiting that authority to the Central Board of Health alone. 