'The Little More and the Little Less.'' A Chbistmas Fantasy. Joan Jay on the couch in her pretty room, the firelight playing about a pale, wistful face. She was not asleep, though her father, under that im pression, had carefully tiptoed his way to the door, closing it with elaborate caution. Perhaps Joan was not Borry to be alone. She had been very ill, very near the Valley of the Shadow, but now strength was slowly coming back, and with it the' vague restlessness of convalescence. The windy roar of the December storm seemed to intensify by contrast the delicate luxury of her sur roundings. ' Mysterious parcels and boxes were heaped on chairs and tables, most of them un opened, for this was only Christmas Eve, and Joan liked to look at her gifts for the first time after Christmas Day had dawned. She was obliged to make a few exceptions to this rule ; a basket of softly tinted, priceless orchids had been looked at and admired, but the object which excited most interest was a small ivory-bound volume of Browning's poems wrapped up with a huge cluster of fragrant purple vrolets. There was no card or name on the title-page to indicate the donor, but opening it at random she came upon a few lines faintly marked :— Oh ! tbe little more, and how much it is ! And the little less, and what worlds away ! How a sound can quicken content to bliss, Or a breath suspend the blood's best play. A moment before Joan bad been dreamily con tent, now a great wave of regretful memory swept away the dull calm of her mood. The past events which occurred before her illness banished the present. Christmas Eve! ay, the room is peopled with ghosts. One face, the dark eyes eloquent with en treaty, confronts her from -he shadow — ' Joan ! I love, I want you ; won't you come to me, dear ?' How the blunt, tenderwords whispered now by some mocking spirit haunt her. 'Look ! another face rises behind the first, her own, she scarcely recognises it. ' Life yields so much, the future is full of promise.' she hears the clear tones say: 'I dare not waste it in merely loving and being loved.' False reasoning ! yet it took all these months of pain, disillusion, and disappointment to expose its weak sophistry. With a stifled cry Joan pressed her thin hands together ; if she had only known how all powerful love is in a woman's life. She had tried to regard it as an incident, an episode, the way she fancied men did. The result had been a bitter failure : was it too late ? she wondered — too late ! how s%d the words sounded ! If one could only look into the future ? And then a strange thing happened; gradually Joan became conscious of a change in her environ ments. She found herself standing m front of the long mirror in her bedroom, staring curiously at her own changed face. Time had been pitiless : the freshness of youth gone, sharp outlines replaced the rounded curves. But this was not all ; a look of weary discontent marred her expression. In spite of success, fame, for instinctively Joan knew that at last these things were hers, they had failed to afford satisfaction or happiness. The chimes are ringing out a joyous peal, for it is Christmas Eve. Poor heart, that listens, quivering with pain, to each Btroke. An empty name, the husks of notoriety, these are what the world offers to ap pease the heart's hunger and loneliness. Again Joan's surroundings change. Many years have passed, when shuddering, she watches her self, an old, white-haired woman, die. It is Yuletide, but the busy stir of the streets cannot penetrate to that silent chamber where she lies alone. AU the comforts, luxuries, that great wealth allows of surround her, only the tenderness of real love is missing. Wildly, imploringly, she stretches out her withered hands, clutching the empty air ; ' O God ! my life, my spoiled, wasted life ! .if I could only live it over again ! ' With that despairing cry upon her lips Joan awoke. Some one was kneeling beside her coucb in the firelight — some one whoBe strong, brown hand smoothed back very tenderly the shining, ruffled love -locks. 'Joan!'— how the whisper thrilled her — 'your message reached me just when I had given up all hope. Love, is it really true ? ' With a smile, whose rare sweetness was a caress, Joan turned toward her lover — ' Yes,' she said slowly ; ' for I have learned how much ' the little more and the little less ' means in love.' — Floebnce Clabke. 