A GENUINE GHOST STORY. SIR RICHARD OVEN had two remarkable ghost stories, which it was a high privilege to hear him relate. The •one about to be recorded here was perhaps the better' of the two ; but its quality can scarcely be judged of •when detached from the peculiarly expressive style the -old Professor had, which added a charm to his telling of the story. In his early days, when he held the post of surgeon to the prison at Lancaster, a negro died in the gaol, and a post-mortem as well as an inquest were •accessary. After the inquest the young surgeon saw 4 the body put in the coffin and the lid screwed down, to be ready for the funeral-next day. Owen had at • the time been already attracted to the study of comparative anatomy, and negroes' heads were not plentiful ; so he made up his mind that this one should not lost" to the cause of science. In the evening he returned to the prison with a black bag containing a brick—from his official position he had no difficulty in melting admittance to the mortuary, where the coffin was unscrewed and screwed down again. During this process the brick and the negro's head changed places. The ground outside the principal entrance to the gaol has a considfrable descent; and the time being winter with snow r and frost, Owen had scarcely passed out when he slipped and fell all his length ; the bag went from his hand, and the head tumbled out, and rolled down the paved way, He jumped up, caught' the bag, and following the head clutched it juat as it finished its career in a small Aop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag a^ain, he vanished out of the shop with all the speed he was capable of. Next morning, when Owen was cOing to his usual duties at the prison, he was called in by the woman at the shop where the accident had occurred on the previous evening. She wished him to see her husband, who was very ill. He had had, she said, a fright the night before that caused him to look wild'and dazed-like. The man, it turned out, was a retired sea captain, who had been in many adventures among the West India Islands, .where many deeds were done that did not at that time require to be accounted for. Among these had been the killing of a negro in which he had a band, and the transaction had left a touch of trouble on his conscience. After giving these •details the old captain told of the horrible event that took place the night beforeT He was sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that he had been " thinking of the negro, when suddenly'he saw his very head roll into the shop in front of the counter, and it was followed by the devil, all in black, with a black bag in his hand. The devil snatched up the head, iand both disappeared through'the earth like a flash of lightning. The description was, perhaps* not quite complimentary to the young anatomist, but it ^va? satisfactory so far that it showed that his identity liad not been recognised. 