NOTES and COMMENTS. The Late Czar. The funeral of the late Czar is very suggestive to those who care to moral ise over the splendid miseries which sometimes mark the career of Kings. His palace was little better than a royal prison, and to have trusted himself amongst his own sub jects alone and unprotected, would have ken mare than his life was worth. He discredited with a 'strong desire to main tain the peace of Europe during his own lite time, and this he succeeded in doing, even when France was bidding for a EuBsian alliance. In his last days he seemed to wonder why so many miseries should have fallen to his lot, for inde pendent of personal and family afflic tion, his vast Empire was honeycombed with treason, and permeated with a spirit of social and political discontent. And no wonder that it should have been so ; for the tender mercies of Iiussian officials to political prisoners were cruel in. the extreme, and no such thing as political and religious freedom existed in his vast dominions. His treatment of the Stundists will ever remain a foul blot on his character and reign. These I godly and harmless people were perse cuted with relentless cruelty for no other crime than that of their allegiance to Christ. And surely their groans and sufferings cried to Q-od for redress. And &od; is mightier than all the Czars of all the Russias. In England the principle Local of ' Local Option' is said Option. to be within the r≱ of ? ? practical politics. The liberal Government is pressing for ward a Local Option .Bill as part of its political programme. Mr. Glad stone ia in favour of it, though he does I not regard it as a remedy for the pre vailing intemperance. That may bo, but it is a step in the right direction, hi this colony, the Premier in replying a recent deputation, undoubtedly saddled the right horse. He did not point to bar and. saloon-keepers as being the great sinners, but. to the Government which licensed them. He was right, ?for undoubtedly . the great sinner in this respect is the Government, and if our army of Temperance reformers, which lt! composed ei: all sections of the Church, are to be victorious, they must 'lake ??b® seat in the Cabinet of this Colony* an uncomfortable place for any Han who would favour wholesale licen 1sing. Local :Option, even its severest ^pect, may not bo a perfect remedy for ''tmpernrice, but it will be a great help saving the community from having forced upon their attention the sin and shame of drunkenness in a concrete form. . In the Local Option con Pro's troversv which is being and carried on in the old Con's. country, it is said that its chief advantage if carried out ' will be found in the fact that it will enable respectable localities to get rid of an excess of public-houses within their own limits, and will thus make what is good already even better.' But on the other hand, it is argued that it won't touch bad localities, that in point of fact it will leave them just where they are. We are not, however, so sure about that, because if we get practical examples of what local option can do in the way of making good property better, the example will be contagious. Again, it is argued as being a most im probable thing ' that a mere decrease in the number of public houses would put an end to excessive drinking.' Per haps not, but it would be taking a good many steps on that road. Some men can keep sober as long as drink is kept away from them ; nay, they may be strong enough to resist temptation man fully for once or twice, but finally, they yield, when they are in the way of fre quent temptation to drink ; as a poor woman once complained, — ' I can get my husband pnst three public houses, but I can't get him past sixteen.' A discussiok has recently Humour taken place in the in the columns of the Herald Pulpit. as to how far humour is compatible with sacred things. In other words, is humour out of place in the pulpit? We don't think the discussion has thrown much light on the subject, and confessedly it is a very difficult subject to deal with. It is so because the pr.lpit deals with serious things, with what ^e regard as the most serious of all things connected with human life ; and humour is inseparably connected with laughter, jollity, and fun. At same time, any public speaker who is destitute of the sense of humour, and who needs a surgical opera tion to understand a joke, is not a man for the multitude. Prank Buckland was a man who m lecturing could make dry bones live, and never failed to get the attention of his audience, but he used to say — '* I can't get on until J, make them laugh, then we are all right.' And some of the greatest preachers of modern times were men who were singularly gifted with a sense of humour. liowland Hill's humour was irresistible, yeb he was a man '' in dead earnest.' Mr. Spur geon had a wonderful sense of humour, and he used it most effectively. And whenever it is possessed by a preacher, it is of immense service to him, if he only knows how to use it aright. In the pulpit, however, it is utterly despicable when it degenerates into clovvnishnesa and buffoonery. A Christian pulpit is about the lasc. place in the world for a conceited buffoon to air his jokes in. In the last number of the A Sad Missionary . Review one Picture. Qj: our missionaries in New Britain, the Rev. William Brown, gives a sad ill titration of the moral deterioration experienced bv the natives of tha.c group of islands, after having worked on the sugar plan tations of Queensland or Fiji, ^hoy copy tl^ vices and not the virtues of the white man. In speaking of some native boys of New Ireland who had ran away with a boat and subsequently been killed and eaten by one of the coast tribes, he says : ' In the village where these boys were killed are many returned labourers from Queensland, from Fiji and Samoa, and from the trading stations on New Britain. And yet what have they learned ? They go away from their homes simple savages, beguiled by the sight of the trader's merchandise, and with the prospect ol some ' trade ' to call their own at the end of their three years of hard labour in the sugar or cotton plantations ; but when they return they come with their mouths full of ' pidgin ' English and filthy conversation. I know all this is true because I have talked with some of these returned labourers, and have been grieved to think that it was from white men that they acquired this unclean conversation full of the vilest oaths. And there in that village were men who had served their three years in the white man's land, and yet were as keen to the taste of the human flesh as the savage pure and simple. I would sooner have to deal with an nncultivated savage any day than with these returned labourers from the sugar plantations.' The Pastoral of British Primitive Primitive Methodism re Methodist cently issued, shows a Pastoral, considerable amount of » vitality existing in that 'branch of the Methodist Church. The membership of the Church stands at 195,639, including 5,000 on trial. The Pastoral urges that 'we, as a con nexion, ought to do more to save men and to purify modern civilisation. We have 1,115 ministers — not one too many, but many too few — who are preaching in towns and villages to the profit of more than half a million hearers. But the fields of England are white unto the harvest, and our prayer should be to the Lord of the harvest to thrust out more labourers. We report 16,567 local preachers who sow the incor ruptible seed of the Word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever ; and 10,559 class leaders, who feed the flock of Christ purchased by His blood.' In closing the Pastoral urges on all Primi tive Methodists that their ' vocation is to preach a free, full, and a present salvation.' It further adds, 'we have 4,596 churches, valued at nearly three million and a half sterling — not to men tion rooms and cottages in which we preach the Gospel of the grace of God ; but, brethren, we need the ' unction of the Holy One.' We have the work shops, the' machinery, let; us actively wait for ' the power of the Holy Ghost coming upon us.' ' To all this, we say Amen f The heart of every woman is liko a page written with sympathetic ink. It seems blank, but warm it sufficiently, and you will find a love-letter written on it. Speaking, in a discussion on ' Proselytism' at a Rnfidecanal Conference at Bideford on. Thursday, Rev. Prebenday Dimond .Churchward condemned the far-off, superior air with which present-day Churchmen were prone to address their Nonconformist neighbours, .jind pointed out that history clearly proved that Christianity owed much to English Nonconformity, and added ' But for tho efforts of the Wesleyans, the name of Christ would have died out in Cornwall.' 