HIGHLAND COUSINS. A NOVEL. By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "APrinoessof Thule," "MacLeod of Dare," &c.;, &a; [Published by special arrangement with (ha author. All rights reserved.]' Ohapteb XXXII.—(Continued.) Long Lauehie was Bofbly chuckling and giggling to himself as he set about getting the twine and the resin; but by the time he waB ready to start he had grown solemn again. He opened a press and took down a blaok bottle and a sodawater bottle; and the latter he filled from the former. . "Niall," said he, "I will give you advice. Maybe you have not as much wisdom as others; but I will tell you how you can make up for it; and what you must do is to keep away from the drink. It is drink- that is the ruin of half of them around you; and if you keep away from it you will be equal of many, sense or no Bense. For myself now, I was taking a drop or two to-day—the toothache being such a terrible, terrible thing." He put the sodawater bottle to his lips and bad a long pull; then, with a sigh of satisfaction, he corked the flask and placed it in his pocket. "Keep away from the drink, Niall, and there is no fear of you; it.is drink that is the scourge and disgrace of this country—a sad, sad thing to think of 1" But then again, as they were on their way to Kingarra, on this shining afternoon, his spirits reoovered considerably ; and although his toothache seemed to be troubling him at times—and he had to seek the necessary relief—he by-and-b'ye became quite gay., . J " Niall," said he, and he was quietly laugh ing now, " did you ever behold a brown man ? I am thinking that a brown man will be a sight to see. Do you nob imagine that his pookeia will be very web when he will pat his hands into them—. "Maybe," said Niall, "maybe he will not be for pushing me off the coach again." "Aw, the brown man," continued Lauohie —and he could not restrain his hilarity—" the brown man 1—id is I that will be laughing to see the brown man climb np out of the barrel, and if he will be using bad . words would not you do the same ? No, not you, nob you, Niall, my son; for thero are many things you must avoid, and the two things that you :musb . avoid . most of all are the drink and the women. The drink I have told you about, and the women well, now, my hero, perhaps it . is not so bad for you co be a little weak in the head,"if ib will keep the women away from you. Any thing to keep them "away, from you, for they are the devil's own ohildren,- and no mistake, and I wish he had the lot of them, and would keep them at home with himself. I am not saying," proceeded Lanohlan, " that you may not And one here and there that iB pleasing to look at, so long as you do nob marry her ; it is the marrying that is the mischief. Aw, yes, I have seen one or two; I bad my young days; well I remember that some of the eirls were not always so shy and innocent as you might think, when there was a bunoh of nettles to be put in your bed and 'a ghost waiting for you behind the door. "We had the fine evening3 those evenings." Here Long Lauehie, moved to sentiment by his recollections, burst into gentle melody; but,there-was not much of sadness—there was rather triumph—in - his singing:— • . , J f :■ ■ 'iwaB on a simmer's afternoon, A wee,before the sun gaed-down. Sly lassie, in a braw new gown, ■ . Cam' o'er the bills to Gowrle. ■ Lauchlan, looking all round the landscape, smiled mysteriously at .their reminiacences of his. But presently he resumed— " Oh, yes, I'll tell you, my brave.champion, I have seen many , pretty girls in my time, brown-haired, and yellow-haired, and black- j haired—and all of them so smooth-spoken and j pleasing and giving.themselves airs as if they had the tail of a peacock to display. ; Bat it is a different thing—and now I am telling you i the Bible truth—it is a very different thing when you take one of them1 and mate a .wife of her and then the devil's daughter lets you know where she came from; Niall, my boy, you will be saved from all that, as it ib my hope, and yon will be thankful to Providence that 'you are a little weak in the head. Not that I am so sure about that either. Eor I have heard of the great commanders—-I have heard of Wellington, and Lord Raglan, and Colin Campbell that was at. the Alma, but could any one of them have driven that fearful woman fleeing out of the house? Not one' of them; they would have run away themselves and the faster they went the better for. them— is my opinion; But you—it is you that have a head on your, shoulders ahd* plenty of invention in it—and no mistake. And now we will see if we oan make the farmer's son danoe—aw dyeea, how 1 am wishing to see the brown man olimbing out of the barrel.^; At this point Lauchlan began to moderate his too garrulous mirth, for they were getting near to Kin garra, and . he understood from Niall's stealthy and furtive manner that there might be some danger of their, being observed. But they reached the shelter of the elder bushes in safety; and then it was that Lauchlan,' out of. thankfulness,- .or perhaps ;owing to another twinge of toothache, broughtforth the Bodawater bottle again. At present there was nothing else to be done, for there was-an old woman in possession of the farmyard—an old womanjin a red jacket, who was hurliog stones and. execrations at a terrier that she bad caught in the aot of scattering a brood of y oung turkeys. '• But in a mjnute or^two, when the old woman had disappeared into one of the outhouses, Niall stole from his biding-piabe; and after a Careful and cat-like scrutiny he clambered over the gate. He went quickly across the square. In the' middle, towards which four: shallow troughs, one-from each corner of Jhe yard, sloped down and converged, there was-a huge tun, the top of which was flush with the ground ; while on the further side rose an iron pump. To this pump Niall rapidly affixed one end of the resin cord and then he retreated, paying out the string and dabbing it down on the earth and stones so thatr it Bhould be im movable and invisible. When he oame crouch ing back behind the elder bushes he had the other end in his hand; at any moment a powerful jerk would raise the darkened twine some two or three inches from the ground, so tnat an unwary passer-by must inevitably go over. And as it ohanced the very next person to put in an appearance (was the farmer's son—a great hulking lout of a fellow—who had a pitchfork over his shoulder. . The shoemaker, holding his breath, was sniggering in spite of himself ; but his companion was in a different mood—the strange elfin eye3lwere burning with fire—they were like the eyes, of some wild animal intently watching its prey. The un 'happy thing was that though the lumbering heavy-shouldered youth seemed to have plenty of half-idle jobs to do about the yard never once did he approach the drainage barrel; if he crossed the string it was at suoh a distance from the blaok hole that tripping bim up would have been of no avail. Theyjwaited and watched and waited and watched, but with a maddening persistence he kept, away from the neighborhood of that most unholy well. At last Long Lauchie whispered— , " Niall, my son, it is you that have the in vention; but this time it is not going to succeed—" .• "(Juiet—quiet," retorted the half-witted lad, trembling with excitement. "Now he is coming—now—now—" v But again the unsuspecting yokel sheered off; and at this Lauohie rose from his cramped position. "Niall," he said, laughing covertly, "how I will take my turn, for it is into that hole that the devil must,go somehow. Stay where you are—stay where you are, my son—and maybe you will be seeing something." . He now issued boldly from his- ambush; he opened the gate; he staggered into the yard. Perhaps he was pretending to be a good deal more intoxicated than ■ was really the case ; he held the almost empty bottle in his band; he swayed up to the farmer's son— who regarded this intruder with evident dis favor. _ •' It is not abl feenished yet;" said Lauchie in English. " Will you be for having a drop ? I was on my weh home—and how is your father, Dan ?—ay, and your mother too ?" "Oh, what are you bletherin about," re turned the other, with impatient sulkiness. "My mother has been dead these seven years-—" " Ay, that's what I was thinking," Lauchie went on most good-naturedly, though his speech was interrupted now and again by an occasional hiccough. " And—and .I'ni glad to hear that; and you will give her my compli ments and tell her that I was asking after her. And you will hef a drop with me now—it is not ahl feenished——" " I am not tasting," was the morose answsr. " Well, well, then, there's the more for me," said Lauchlan cheerfully, and- he put the bottle in his pooket.. "And your, father, now, is he well ?—and your mother—are they both of them pretty well ?" "Ob, get out of this—get away home!" was the scornful rejoinder. " And I was hearing of you to-day," pro ceeded Lauohie. "I was hearing of the fine triok you were playing on Niall Gorach—and —and he would be rolling along the road like a football " > 1 Tbo big booby condescended to grin. But of a Budden Lauchlan grew prenaturally grave. ' "Maybe," said he half articulately, "may be I was having a drop too much the day. Give me your arm, Dan, my lad—give me your arm to the gate—I am wishing to get away home——" " Ay, the sooner ye're in bad the better," answered the facetious bumpkin; but by this time Lauohie had fastened on to him and rather unwillingly he was being dragged aoroea the yard. "Here, do you want to drown yourself!" he exclaimed angrily, as lianohie's reeling and staggering took them' both dangerously near the pump. ' : Tne next moment the intoxicated shoemaker gave a heavy lurch forward—his companion was thrown over and could not recover him self—there was'a mighty souse and a kicking and splashing—and the last that Lauohie saw of the farmer was a pair of hands frantically clinging to the edge of the unspeakable tun. He made away for the gate and hauled Niall Gorach out of his hiding-place. "Aw dyeea, did you see that now?" ha cried, as they hastened along the road—and he laughed and better laughed until he brought on the hiccough so violently that it threatened to chokehim., "Niall, my son, hurry, hurry; but'as soon as we are near thehouses. we are safe; for yon do not think a brown man would come near the houses? ' The brown man.— aw, the broWn man! — it is I that would like to see him ohasing us through Duntroone, and his clothes dripping and ail the people standing- and- laughing. And what do you think, now, my hero?—he was very clever when he pushed you down from the coach—oh, yes, he waB very clever—but may be he is not considering himself so clever now. What'do you say to that, my son?" "Will be get any of it into his mouth?" said Niall. Goraob, with his eyes burning again. But the shoemaker was not in the least in clined/to be vindicative. He was far too happy. He was giggling to himself and sing ing little Bnatches of song all the way into DuntrOone; and when he _ arrived he made straight for one of his favorite howffs, sure of fihding:there on a Saturday: evening Bome par ticular crony to whom, over a friendly glass or two, bejcould relate his exploit with suoh mirthful embelishments as happened to ocour to him. And thus it was that Niall Gorach •was avenged. , {To be continued.) 