PLAYS AND PLAYERS. C Snugeeted probably by a similar perform ance in America, a representation of As You Like It by a cast composed exclusively of t ladieshas been arranged in London, and was to take place at the Prince of Wales' Theatre a on the 27th February last. Mise Sophie d Larain was to take the part of Touchstone, I Miss Ada Ferrar Orlando, Miss Gladys Hum- I fray Jacques and MIiss Frances Ivor Rosalind. s There was also to be a full chorus and orchestra of ladies only. - •Fo the many admirers, voluntary and in voluntary, of Daisy Bell, it may be of inte rest to learn that the author and composer, Mr Harry Dacre, spent some four years, t 1884.83, in Melbourne. Prior to his going a to Australia he had written a song, The w Ghost of John James Christopher lienjamin a Biann, and in his absence this achieved suc cess. Playmates The Simple Country Maid, Model Enland, In Public and in Private, and Good Old Has Been, are also songs written by M.r Dacre. Daisy Bell, itappegrs, r was written in America during a visit there in 1892. Farewell, the latest composition of Mr )acre, is stated to be coming a great favorite on the London Variety stage. The two pantomime partiellaying during the recent Christmas season at Edinburgh, engaged in a friendly game of football, in I which ladies also participated, one afternoon at the end or January. a Miss Ada Blemister, who was appearing in the title role of the pantomimoe Dick Whit tington, is menntioned as taking part in the game. Mies Amy Horton, the bright little soubrette and burlesque actress, has been playing the principal girl's part in The Forty Thieves, one of the four pantomimes produced at Glasgow. Daring the early portionof last month two Londonproductonsreachod their 10th per formance. The first was the musicalcomedy, The Gaiety Girl, at the Prince of Wales's Theatre, and the second the burlesque of Don Juan at the Gaiety Theatre. Charley's Aunt, at the Globe Theatre, has now a record of a year and two months, and Morocco Bound (a piece that will, so we have been advised by cable, be seen in Aus. tralia during the year) was about the middle of February taken off after a run of ten months. Mir J. C. Williamson was expected in London on the 14th February. Theobject of his visit was announced as being the search for artists and attractions for his firm's Aus. tralian theatrical enterprises. Mr W. H. Vincent is acting as agent for Mr William . The operas of Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci were announced to be given in the same manner as oratorios, with a choir of 300 voices, at the New Queen's Hall, London, during the month of TFebruary. Mr Ben Davies was to sing the principal tenor music. A leading London theatrical journal makes the announcement-by this time a somewhat familiar one-that Mr Sims Reeves is likely to go to Australia on a tour. One of the partners of the Brough and Doucicault Company is reported to have stated that their New Zealand tour "more than realised their anticipations." With a successful season in Adelaide, followed by one in Melbourne, preceding the visit to New Zealand, it would appear that this favorite ompany has been reaping the reward they have so steadily and consistently worked for, and which no one will deny they richly deserve. Mr A. Lawrence, who will be remembered as a clever character actor, has, after wait ing in London for some eighteen months, with little or nothing to do, obtained a gocd engagement in America. The Dampier Company' are to play at Goulburn during the Easter season. Miss Jeannie Lee concluded her farewell season in Sydney on Thursday night, when the final performance of Grasshopper was given. Neither Joe nor Grasshopper has met with the success that one would have wished for the spirited and vivacious little lady whose name is soinseparably connected with these pieces. The Pollard Juvenile Opera Co. commence a season of IS nights at the Theatre IRoyal, Brisbane, on Monday night. In connection with the revival of Struck Oil this evening at the Theatre Royal, it may be mentioned that nearly twenty years hay elapsed since the first prodnuction of the piece in Melbourne. The actual date was Saturday, let August, 1874, and a run of exactly threeoo months as achieved. In thebs east besides Mr J. C. Wiliamson mad Miss Mlaggie Moore, in the two principal parts, were Messrs Stuart O'Brien, Harry Sefton and W. Taylor, with Mrs Bryer. Struck Oil is to be taken on tour again in the United States in September next by the Piton Company, Miss Jane Stuart playing the part of Lizzio Stofel. A correspondent in the "Sydney Bulletin" makes the suggestion that inturn with cricket, military and other teams that have visited England, an operatic company might be ad vantageously tried, and among a list of names mentions the following :-Misses Nelhe Stewart, Colbourne Baber, Ida Osborne, Florence Young, Flora Graunner, Violet Varley, May Pollard, the Princess's Bal lerinas, Miss MarieSaqui, withM issesFrances Saville and May Weir already in England. The male performers mentioned are :-Messrs C. Harding, R. Cunningham, Syd. Deans, Horard Vernon, T. Grandy, Will Lewere, and D'Ensem. The idea. although novel, would, it is feared, hardly prove payable. The list given could also be added to with advantage. The minstrel and variety entertainment at the Sydney Theatre Royal came to a some. what turbulent termination on Tuesday evening. On Monday the orchestra were evidently not in tune with " the trea sury," and on Tuesday the management being unable "'to raise tbe wind" to pay, the flautist and others declined "to raise the wind" to play. On the announcement of no performance and a return of the admissions paid, a dispute occurred, owing, so it is stated, to one person who was admitted on an order endeavoring to benefit by the promised refund. The altercation was quickly joined in by the crowd, who eventually had to be "moved on" by the police. Miss Edith Bland, who accompanied IMr Bland Holt as leading lady in his recent seasons in New Zealand and Tasmania, is to appear with the Brough and Boncicault Company this evening at the Lyceum Theatre, playing the part of Lady Castle gordon in The Amazons. At Wanganni, New Zealand, at the race time, two halls were occupied by the Shine and Clark Variety Company, who divided into two portions, onedivision of the company after appearing at one hall repeated the per formance at the other, whilst the other divi. sion reversed the same proceeding. The London "Daily News," "W7orld" and "Figaro" newspapers allspoak in com. plimentary terms of Miss Pattie Browne in regard to her appearance as Mrs Lappet in Dick Shendan. One compares her to a pic turoby Meissonior, another speaks of being fascinated by "the eyes that belong to Jis Browne," and the third also pays a tribute to her fine eyes. Misses Pattie Browne and Rose Dearing Swore present atthe first of the annuual Covent Garden Ball; the latter gained a prize for her costume, and "up to date" stage dress. Sir Augustus Harris, who lhas been in valided during the production of the Drury Lane pantomime, was sufficiently conval Sescent on Wednesday, 25th January, to visit the theatre, and witness, for the thirst time, the Sperformance. It is now definitely settled that MIr Edward Terrywill shortly reappear at his own theatre in London in musical comedy, a style of per formance resembling to some extent the pre sent burlesque. At the Strand, and afterwards at the Gaiety I?heatre for some six or seven years from 1869, Mr Terry with MisaNellieFarren, Miss Kate Vaughan, and Mr E. W. Ioyce, I formed what islknown as the famous Gaiety r quartette. His re-appearance in a class of character for which his unique powers of Sfacial expression, his clever singing and dancing, specially favor him, is being looked forward to with much pleasurable in terest. t The l'v. StewartH HeadI m in the couroe ofa paper read by him before the Playgoers' Club, stated that he had seen every ballet produced at the Alhambra for the last twenty years, and went on to say that "every one Scontained much that was beautiful, all had I been bright, oheerful, exhilarating, somohad L had been of supreme exceollence." Madame Sarah Bernhardt has recently i been appearing in Paris in a dramaepntitled I Izeyl, by M.M. Silvestre and Morelu, in a role that is said to fit her equally as well as her wonderful creation..of Floria Tosca. Izeyl has been specially written with a view of bringing into relief the effects that in Madame Bernhardt's hands exercise such a wonderful power of fascina tion, and at the hreet performance, at the end of January, at the Renaissance Theatre, Paris, both aotrees and authors achieved an immense triumph. 