Chinese Peculiarities. Br Geo. Ernest Morrison, At tho timo of tho quouo cutting mania, in 1877, when pigtails, it was allogod, woro_ mysteriously out off by unsoon agoaoios, and a " wavo of droad . spread ovor tho nation," two rospoct- nblo hard working mon, living in Kiukiang, woro impoachod by thoir neighbors for boing tho omissarios of tho ovil ouo who woro guilty of tho crimo. Tho mon woro tviod boforo tho magistrato, and eo grout woro tho tortures to which thoy woro eubjootod that in thoir agony thoy confossodthat „ tho cbnrgo wno truo. Thoy had, thoy '?£ said, cut out paper roprosontations of soissors, which thoy thon burnt and so distributed as a spirit ovor tho land, and this was thomystorious agonoy by which the pigtails woro soparatod. This_ avowal was accepted by tho . magistrato and tho mon woro led away to? death. A friend of mino know tho men well, and was told of tho trial by ovo witnosses; ho subsoquontly saw tho two heads hanging by thoir pig tails from bamboo polos at one of tho pity gates, -white a ' written logend Vi. ; - ! below each gave details of the crimo of which tho two men had boon found guilty on their own confoBsions. But it is no: tho prisoner only who "shuns tho painted portals of tho magistrate's yamon ns ho would tho gates of holl," but tho witucssos also, nnd tho " droad of boing called as a witness is second only to that of boing arrested as a culprit." Tho Chinoso court assumes that tho prisonor at tho bar is guilty ; so docs tho court assume that tho witnesses aro lying unless thuy givo evidence which fits tho caso from tho point of viow of tho prosooutlou. It regards tho bamboo and tho hot cbain« tho rack and tho hoatod pincers as power- ful factors in oliciting truthful ovidonco. Tho moro quick wittod the witness tho loss then will ho suffor, for tho more spoodily lio will discover what is tho ovidonco which tho court ronuiros of him, and thon ho 'Mies equal to tho occasion." At tho inquiry lately hold in Han kow, in connection with tho massacre of twoSwedish missionaries at Sangpu, tho anti-foreign magistrato soizod tho occasion to punish tho Christian con- vorts " in tho sacrod namo of justice," or its Chinoso equivalent. Tho con- vorts connected with tho mission station, two toachersand boys omployed by tho murdered missionaries, woro soizod by tho authoritiosand oxaminod by torturo, and horriblo cruelties woro iuflictod upon the poor wretches in tho effort to compol them to confess that thoy woro implicated in tho murders. Unliko a Kurnpoan, a Chinese has throo souls, which aftor tho death of his body go torosido, one iu tho gravo, another in tho ancestral tablot and the third in tho world boyond tho gravo. Unlike, too, somo of tho wostorn nations, tho Chinese have an over mastering passion to have ohildron. Moro than doath itsolf tho Ohinese foars to dio without leaving malo progeny to worship at his shrino. Honven is hut a ropotition of oarth, and tho spirits in hoavon dopond for tho comfort of thoir boing upon tho support of thoir dosoondants on oarth. Anything can bo sont to tho other world by simply burning a papor re presentation of it in this. To sond raonoy to your nncostor in heavon you nood but burn somo gilt papor or papor imitations of monoy boforo his shrino horo ; to sond him a horso you burn him a paper horso, to provido him with a richly furnished houso you burn a papor imitation houso horo, and so on, hut with rogard to food there is this difforonco ; to sond your ancestor food you piously offor food at his ahrino, and before it goto cold vou oat it your self — you got tho substance, he is regaled with tho spiritual ossonco. If a man dios without malo progeny ho loaves behind him no provision for his support in lieavou, but waudors thero a" hungry ghost," forlorn and for- sakon. A man appears in tho othor world in tho garb and in tho position whioh ho occupied whon be forsook this. If docapitated ho appears lioad- loss unless his friends havo pieced tho hoad or a paper presentation of it back on to the trunk. If ho has sufforod death by tho Ling Ch'or slow procoss, which necessitated his being cut into a number of pieces, ho cannot, as a missionary said to me, Ho out the thing in hoaven and protest that ho camo thoro proporly when ho carries with him Buoh damning ovideoco to the contrary. It is this conception of tho future state, beingbut & repetition of our present condition, that makes tho form of Chinoso oath omployod in our consular courts in China so bind ing upon mon who lio " bocauso it is thoir naturo to." On tho sheot of yollow paper are writton tho characters which tho witness roadB aloud, and whioh declare, " I swoar boforo hoavon to toll tho truth, tho whole truth, and uothing but tho truth, and may hoaven reject mo or (havo no uso for rao) if I do not." Ho thon burns tho papor. and if ho lios it will bo produced as ovidonco against him in heaven. An Englishman whom necessity comnels ta wear snectonlea wmitri mi ontoring a Obineso house put ou his spootacles and t&kee; off his hat ; his short sighted host would rocoivo him by putting on hiB hat and taking off his speotaolos. A polito Chinaman oven takes off his spootacles when ho bows to you. A Chinaman never shakes hands with you ; ho stands before you and shakos hands with himsolf, and " tho higher ho raises his grasped hands the greater is tho honor which he wishes to show you." In reading a Chinoso book a China man begins at tho end and roads back wards ttf tho beginning ; ho reads from abovo downwards in vertical columns and from right to loft. Tho footnotes aro on tho top margin of tho page, and tho " bluo book " of China is of courao yollow. A Chinese clork makos out his ac count in tho roverso way to ours, for ho states tho prices before tho goods and tho goods before tho quantities. Ho keeps his debit and credit accounts, not on opposite pages of his lodger, but on tho samo pago, and in his frac tions ho uses tho numorator for tho denominator and tho denominator for tho numorator, and if ho wishes to ox- pross throo-fourths ho writos four- thirds. In giving a dato ho gives it in tho opposite order to ours, for ho says that tho ovont occurred in tho roign of such un Emporor, in such a year, in tho month of so aud so, on a certain day, nnd if it has to bo stated, at a particular hour, Tho addross on tho onvelopo ho writes in tho inverso ordor in which it would be writtou by us, for ho writos tho namo of tho country first, and tho namo of tho nidrossw Inst, and if it is an official ho is writing to ho is caroful to put his official titles before his namo and not aftor, as would the European. So in tho Peking Gazette, tho Emporor's re plies to tlio raomorials appear in ad vance of tho documonts to which thoy folate, as " everything which tho Em poror says takes precedence of every- thing else," Tho law of health which doierminos the smallest amount of air spaco essen tial to hoalth doos not apply to tho Chinaman. Frosh air is fatal to a Chinaman, and " cold water is somo- thing for .vhich ovory Chinoso has tho same aversion as does a cat." If forcod cultivation of Chinnmon woro ovor necessary, thoy will bo found to thrivo best when breathing the exha lations of their follows in a dark, un- vontilatod collar, perfumed with opium, bud totncco and decaying fisli. It is tho poot in Engluud who is born a poot ; it is tho physician iu Chiua who is bom a physician ; ono of tho essentials in tho birth being that ho should mako his first nppearanco foot foromost. Tho travollor may fre quently road such a notico as this dis played in largo gilt lettors ovor a doc tor's doorway, " A gonoratod physician who fools the pulses of both outsido and insido complaints, especially of womon and chilaron, and is a' gonoral vaccinator." An Englishman pays his physioian to mako him well; a Chinaman pays his physioian to keep him woll. An Englishman pays his doctor whon ho is ill, a Chinaman pays his doctor when ho is woll, and coasos to pay him when ho falls ill. " ThoChinaman/'says a well-known writer, " who has to allude to hie wifo will, if ho is polito, refor to her as his ( dull thorn,' if ho bo a rustic ho will more bluntly allude to tho companion of his joys and sorrows as hiB stinking woman,' " In China a father uoos not givo a dowry to his daughtoz ; it is tho husband who gives a dowry to tho fathor. In China it is not tho blushing maid who names tho day, but the un blushing father of tho bridegroom ; and in China tho mother in-law is tho torror of tho wifo, not the bugbear of tho husband. Finally in China a socond wifo ought not to be buri' d alongsido the first, for thoir spirits would quarrel ; it is essential that the husband bo buried betwoon the two, in order that ho may prosorvo docout ordor botwoon thorn in hoavon. Tho Chinaman wears his waistcoat outsido tho gown, tho noodlowomon ho om- ploys nro mostly men, and tho loosor his clothcB aro tho bettor do they fit. In China tbo night watchman springs hiB rattlo all through tho night, partly to keep himsolf awake, but chiefly to warn robbers of his ap proach. The only robber who is in danger of capture is tho ono who has not squared tho watohman. In China, tho tongue of tho bell is outside the bell ; in China tho " villain of the peace" has his noso paiotod whito, but in China the ghost is black not whito. A Chinoso mounts his horso from the offside, ho givos you a dinnor in which tho donnort is sorvod first, and a bod in which tho hardest part is tho pillow. In China thoy onnoblo tho ancestors of the man they wish to honor, not his unborn des cendants. "Extinction is tho rub horodity tho oxcoption " In fine thoro is no limit to tho number of contrasts and contradictions to bo ovorywhoro mot with in this strango country, where, in tho well-known words of "Wingrovo Cooke, " tho roses havo no fragrance and tho womon no petticoats ; whoro the laborer has no Sabbath and the magistrate no sense of honor ; whero tho neodlo points to tho south and tho sign of being puzzled is to scratch tho anti- Eodes of tho head ; whero tho place of ouor is on tho loft hand and tho seat of intolleot is in tho stomach ; whore tho tako off your hat is an insolent gesturo, and to wear whito garments is to put yourself iu mourniug," ' 