FREE-TRADE'S GHOST. ' to the editor of the age. Sin, — I prcsuino that after tho complete slaughter of tho foreign trado enemy you aro not likely to keep your deadly bnttory of Free- trade Flams in notion for the purpose of riddling a oorpao ; but for the same reason that firemeu drench an extinguished fire, no matter how lusiguificant, an occasional discharge as a mere form of prcoaution might not bo undesirable. Free-trade is dead, and becoming rapidly unreoogn'isblo, owing to decomposition having Bet in ; but rank weeds still flourish above the fertilising corpse, and I would like per favor of The Age to pull up one or two of them, especially ua the ghost of forgotten foreign trado is prowling iu lonely places under the mask of moderate (i.e., reveuue) duties. In the latest issue of a Melbourne weekly, tbe Advocate, I find the old, old ignorance of the first principles of protec tion staring out in a painfully imbecile manner. It ta stated that "prohibi tive duties whioh kill revenue v impose an inequitable tax on the people." Here wo have, aocording to this brilliant logioian, ft fatuous people so lamontably deficient in senso that they insist on paying an oppressive duty on goods which they never get, for the reason that the said tax koeps them out. I can vaguely comprehend how the intellect which originated the striking argument whioh ' I quote became dazzled with the brightness of its own idea, and so lost it way ' in a bewildering maze of alphabetical complications, I would respectfully advise this truly repre sentative Cobdenito to borrow a dictionary and an English grammar, and endeavor by their aid to gain an approximate idea of tho value and moauing of words. If the attempt to make an impression on tho obfusoated foreign trade intellect by means of the ordinary laws of; logic had not so often filled, one might point out that if revenue from auy parti cular artiole ta killed it follows that the duty has done its duty, and that the local manufactories are able to supply the needs of tho community. Again, if under our present tariff not one penny wero collected at the Customs, wc would have reason to con gratulate ourselves on the facts that our colony was almost wholly self supporting, and that im porters' "rings" andprioe-raisingmiddlemen wero compelled to follow somo useful occupation. A few 'persons of limited reasoning capacity are deluded into tho belief that revenue duties are a necessity, and it naver occurs to them to ask why the taxes should he raised in a way that does not discriminate between tbe necessi tous and the 'excessively riob. Let us kill revenuo duties by all means, and impose in their stead a tax that will equitably denno the responsibilities of wealth. Let us free the poor anu the comparatively destitute from the cruol taxes on tho hare necessities of their lives, and call on the man of wealth to return us a portion of that whioh our exertions have addod to his riches.— Yours, &o.;, R.P.S. 25th September. 