primitive methodist annual assembly. The Primitive Methodist annual assembly commenced its sittings on Saturday in the new church at Forest Lodge. Eigbty-four delegates answered to their names. The session was opened by the ex-president, Rev. \\\ . Sparling, when after devotional exercises the election of officers was proceeded with, and resulted as follows : — President, the Rev. John A. Foggon. of Newcastle; vice- president, Mr. Joseph Geary ; secretary, the Rev. E. Crozicr ; sheet secretary, Rev. T. Davies ; reader, Mr. J. Blanksby; reporter the Rev. James Green; assistant reporter, the Rev. J. \V. Horbcrry ; precentor, the Rev. T. Parr, M.A. ; letter writer, the Rev. J. B. Penman. A vote of thanks was passed to the retiring president for the Sydney dis trict (the Rev. \V. Sparling), and the presi dent of the. Newcastle district (Mr. John Dixon, F.G.S.). The Rev. W. Sparling delivered an address, of which the following arc ex tracts 44 On an occasion like the present we naturally think of the past year, and in doing so now I am sorry to say that the retrospect is darkened by financial panics ami disasters, stagnation in trade, ruinous losses, thousands of able-bodied men out of employment, and such poverty and bitter want, such hunger and homelessncss as Aus tralia has never known before. To say that we are not worse off than other countries does not ease our burden, but it rather shows the existence of evils which are widespread, I and which excite grave apprehensions for I the future of the world. It is not within my province to discuss the political aspect of these matters, although I re cognise the urgent need of wise political action. \Ve need men in our legislative halls I who have 4 understanding of the times, I who know what ought to be done and, who I will fearlessly do it ; men who fear God and I who have a true regard for man. This | I implies the need of a higher wisdom and | I morality among the great body of electors; ; for as the electors are so will be their repre sentatives. The legislative stream cannot rise higher than its source—the ballot box. \Yo have laws on the Statute Book at pre sent for the suppression of vice, but some of them are allowed to remain almost a dead letter. It is illegal to sell intoxicating drinks on Sundays, and yet it is openly ana everywhere done. It is illegal to charge for admission to theatres on Sunday evenings, andyetLheauthoritiesknow thatsuch charges are constantly made. No adequate steps are taken to put a stop to such illegal prac tices. We need effective laws for the sup pression of the drink curse, and the gamb ling curse, and other well-known evils which are a disgrace to civilization. The public conscience needs to be aroused in tegard to these things. We must watch too against the entire secularisation of the< Lord's Day, which some are earnestly seeking to bring about. But whilst much can and ought to be done bv legislation, vet as Christian men we believe that something elsc is needed besides good laws and their wise admini stration. Tons there is a question which overshadows and dwarfs all others, and yet it should influence and mould thern all. It is not the question of a land tax, fiscal policy, nor yet that of capital and labor, jnit it is the question of man's relation to God, his submission and allegiance to God s king dom ou earth. It is because this relation is ignored or denied, this submission refused, that the world is not at rest. It is because the principles and precepts of the gospel are disregarded that Europe has over 20.000,000 ot" ir.cn under arms, that capital ami labor l/Wl OU1 anil JlfllO' LIU I'm: V" wiv .....W haustcil, ami that hideous vices flourish in our midst. The world is estranged from (,/ 1, anil while such estrangement continues / cannot be at peace : its political and social ideals cannot he realised. Men may cross the seas to found New Australia/., hut it is lire mail himself that needs to be made new. The cause of Methodist Union is notrpiite so far advanced as its friends and promoters desire. There is much said and written at the present time about the union and re union of tiie churches. It is recognised that the forces of evil are many and mighty, and that it large united Church would he more effective for yooil than a number of small struydiim denominations. Besides, there tvould be economy of men and means. The wav to Methodist Union seems to he barred at present by diliictilties, financial and other wise. But! think tiie principal diliiculty is the absence of a strong desire for union on the part of tile various contracting bodies. Each body professes to desire union, but only ou it's own terms. It recognises that eoncc-ssions must be made by others. The whale must swallow . lonn.li, or .lonali must swallow tile whale. Hence the cause of union must wait for a higher wisdom anil a broader charity. In the meantime let brotherly love continue anil abound. Let there he hearty co-operation wherever pos sible, in t lie work of the one Lord and .Saviour. There is one matter connected wiilt our church work which demands serious attention ; that is, the small number of young men coming forward as candidates for t lie local preachers plan. The local or lav preacher is indispensable to .Methodism. I u the British Wesleyan Methodist Church there are eight lav preachers lo one minister, and 5500 weekly services are taken by llicin. Ill tiie six branches of British Me thodism the proportion is 10 lay preachers to one minister, and five out oi every seven Sundays services are taken by them. The proportion is smaller here, yet between 60 and 70 oi our services are taken every Sunday by local preachers. As the lay ministry is so important to Methodism, and bus contri buted so largely tn its power and usefulness, we cannot view with unconcern tiie paucity of candidates. To supply this lack every pious ami intelligent young man among us should be encouraged to cultivate the art and to exercise the gift of public speech." Mr. John Ihxon. I lie retiring president of the Newcastle district, also made some re marks apropos of theailairs of the Newcastle churches. During the morning the station reports were dealt with. It was reported to the assembly that during the year the Kev. J. Asliniead had been cpmpelied to retire through ill-health ; also that the Rev. A. ,1. Carter had resigned from the ministry. In the evening tiie conference sermon was preached by the Kev. George James, when a very good congregation assembled. The service was opened by the Kev. J. E. Met calfe, the pastor of the church. The text chosen by Mr. James was Acts 1 and 8, " But ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." Yesterday special services were held at most of 'tiie churches. Mr. Cook, M.P., who is a metnher of this church, preached in the morning at Annandale church on "Human Brotherhood," taking for his text the words' "Sirs, ye are brethren." Ill tilts afternoon a camp meeting wa3 hold at Forest Lodge, tiie preachers being Rev. S. Kessell, Mr. John Gilbert, and Mr. James Blanksby, of Newcastle. The following is the result of ministerial probationers examinations : — Fourth year : Kev. S. Kessell. 93 ; Rev. \V. T'ettinger, 98 ; Rev. J. W. Horberry, 84. .Second year: Kev. 1,. Hind, 88. First year : Rev. F. J. Morris, 82. 