TREABSURE BEACH, A BUCCANEER SEORY. CONCLUDED. 1V.--Monx TRFEC?nEny. The two captains being once more in the same vessel it was mutually agreed that, until another suitable ship was come across, they should resume theirold relations. Caesar accordingly resumed his position of lieutenant with one reservation. This was, that he bshould continue to share equally with Flood in all plunder. The amount of treasure accumulated by the pair was now considerable. Always dreading treachery, not only from their men, bute also from each other, it was deemed desirable that some more secure place than the ship should be found for their ill gotten gains. A hiding-place on shore was, therefore, sought out, and a favorable op portunity awaited for the remnoval on shore of the most valuable and portable portion of their hoards. One moonlight night, when the crew were all below, busily occupied in their customary work of gaming and drinking,the scheme was carried out. An naual _whastancuhor, no watch was kept, and Flood had taken the precaution of serving out an extra quantity of rum that night. About midni.ht all the erew were either dead drunk or 0o far gone as to be totally incapacitated from any active in terference with the projecc. C~rar crept forward and viewed the ecen below, through the open hatchway, with satisfaotion. All of the men were fast asleep, except a half- dozen or so, who still eat round the table in a maudlin condition with half- closedeyes. 'there was no fear of any interruption from them, and he at once 'eturned aft and joined Flood in the cabin. "Well," queried the latter, "is all safe?" " Perfectly," answered Ca?'ar; " the brutes are nearly all dead drunk, and not one of them could crawl on deck to save his life." " Then the sooner we get our little job done the better,"said Flood, rising. " You go on deck and get the skiff alongside; I'll see about getting the 'awag' up. The powder magazine opened off the cabin, and Flood unlocked the door and went in with a lantern in his hand. Flasks and kegs of gunpowder were ranged round. Picking his way through these, he opened a trap-door in the floor at the far end and disclosed a low chamber underneath. C-esar meantime went on deck, and after drawing the small boat up close under the stern, he rejoined Flood below. A couple of strong wooden chesats, clamped with iron at the corners, lay in the apartment beneath the magazine. One of these was quickly hauled up and carried on deck. With as little noise as possible it was then lowered on board the skitt, and the two men took their places beside it. The painter was then unloosed, and Caesar taking the sounlls pulled rapidly to the shore. Here the box was put ashore and the boat hauled up a few yards on the sand. The spot selected for the reception of the treasure was at the cliffs on the east sids of the bay. Taking the chest between them, the two pirates made for this spot without delay. There was no path, and the ground was rough and in some places overgrown with scrub, but in a abort time the summit of the rock was reached. As we have already described, the cliff at this pointrises abruptly from the sea. About 30ft from the top a ledge of rock runs along the face, on which a few bushes find a precarious roct-hold and existence. When the pirates had recovered their wind they carried their chest to the edge of the preci pice and then, fastening a rope to it, care fully lowered it till it rested on this ledge. The other end of the rope was then hitched to a tree which grew near, and both men slid down to where the box was. The rope was then unfastened, and thebox dragged to b part of the ledge where the bushes crew thickly. Parting these aside, a small opening was discovered in the face of the rock. Into this the chest was thhkst, and although the opening was only a few feet in depth, there was ample room. A few pieces of rock were piled in front, and whenthe bushes sprang back into their natural position, the hiding- place was com pletely veiled. There was no way of reach ing the ledge except by the means described, and nothing was there to show that human beings had ever been near the place. Their work completed, the two men pro pared to re- ascend. Flood was first, and had hold of the rope to draw himself up. Suddenly he turned to Caesar, who stood close behind him, and exclaimed : ' Halloa I what's up with the schooner ? Look at her quick !" Cvesar turned to look at the Mosquito, which was peacefully resting on the moonlit waters of the bay. As he did so, Flood, quick as lightning, swang himself up the rope; then, with one foot stayed against the cliff, he threw out the other, caught Ceear fairly between theshoulders and hurled him over the precipice. . Itwas thework of a moment; but whether the result of a preconceived plan, or the impulse of a sudden, avaricious and murderous thought, can never be known. Flood paused till he heard the splash of his victim in the water below, and then hur riedly ascended the cliff. On the top he lay down and looked over the edge fornsmne time. The bottom of the precipice was in deep shadow, and, seeing or hear ing nothing, he concluded his murderous work had been successful. Hurrying down to the beach he launched the skiff, and at once rowed off to the schooner. Fastening the boat alongside, Flood cautiously slipped down the cabin stair, tossed off a bumper of brandy, and sat down to think. After a little he got up and repaired to Caesar's sleeping berth, where he found a cap beloncing to his late comrade and partner. With this in his hand he went on deck. Listening at the fore-hatch he found all quiet, and going to the side he pitched the cap overboard. He saw it slowly drift astern, and then, running forward, he shouted down the hatchway to the sleeping crew : M'" an overboard! Wake up, there, you drunken swabs, and lend a hand here ?" Three or four of the nien had recovered snfliciently from the effects of their orgie to respond to his call, and staggered on deck in a half-dazed condition. "Look sharp," Flood cried; "Cresar's got dronk and fallen overboard! Haul up the boat and get in, some of you." Three sailors jumped into the askiff and pushed off, Floodstanding on the taffrail to direct their movements. "There heis," he called to them, pointing nstern ; "there he is, just sinking for the third time ! Pull, you brates, or you'll lose him !" The men rowed as best they could in their still muddled state in the direction inhicated, but, or course, saw no sign of their lieu tenant. The cap waspioked up and identified as Cesar's, a?d it was thereupon concluded that the worthy had gone to the bottom. Thus did Flood satisfactorily account to the crew for his lieutenant's disappearance. Next forenoon the Mosquito was gone, and the little bay once more deserted. V.--FLoos TaII'rD-- " C.SAu's GhioST." Two months have eped past, and we again fled the pilot schooner snugly moored in her favorite place of retreat. During this period she had been cruising about the islands with indifferent success. Some small coasting craft had been overhauled and a plentiful supply of rum and other liquors procured, but no large or valuable prize had been come across. tlunder having become scarce, thle pirates gave vent to dees growls of discontent. They attributed the failure of the cruise to Flood's lack of enterprise, and the wantof C~2mar's guiding hand and conn eel. The captain's position was getting most pre?arious and uncertain. He managed to keep the men quiet by liberal allowances of rum, but there was no knowing when they might break out in open mutiny. Discipline was a thing of the past, orders openly disregarded, and even at sea a haphazard state of affairs had latterly prevailed. Pirates amre not different from others; so long as they obeyed orders and had an efhcient commander in whom they thmoroughly believed,, things ' rubbed along pretty smoothly. This check once removed, however, and license became rampant, making it snlv a question of time. for the in evitable collapce andreckoning. Flood determined this should be his last visit to the bay in the Mosquito. His energies were now centred on securing his ill.gotten wealth, and than leaving his ship and its crew to their fate. His own share of the plunder was safely ashore, but Cesar's-the most valuable portion of which he had unceremoniously appropriated-was still aboard the schooner. It was now his care to have it also securely ensconced in the recesse of the cliff. That once accomplished, it was his intention to again put to sea, and either run the Mosquito ashore near a settle. ment or seize some other favorable chance of quittingr his nefarious occupation. The third night after the Mosquito's re turn Flood proceeded to get the treasure ashore. Once more after darkness had set in he rowed ashore in the little skiff. This time he had to content himself with taking the most valuable coins and jewels, the box being too weighty for one person to carry any dis tanes alone. A small bag was all he could take with safety, and with this he quickly scaled the height;and dowered himself on to the enelf of rook.. Here he found the chest and its contents untouched, and hastily adding his precious burthen to the heap, he again retired. A few stepse brought him to the spotat which hehad left the rope dangling from the summit. He at once prepared to ascend, but, to his consternation, the rope had dis appeared! Casting a hurried glance up the cliff. he saw a man leaning over the edge, polling it up hand orer hand. A loud impre cation escaped Flood's lips, a laugh of triumph and derilion came in reply, the few remaining feet of rope were drawn up, and the man vanished. Flood at once concluded he had been followed from the ship by one of his crew. He was in a terrible fix. From his men he knewhe would receive no mercy. Both his treasure and his life would be sacrificed to their feelings of greed and revenge. Again, the horrible thought struck him that it might be the intention of his follower to say nothing to the rest of the crew, but simply leave him to die a lingering death on the ledge. Either alternative was dreadful to contemplate, and throwing himself down on the widest pars of the shelf of rock, he cursed his folly for not taking better pre cautions to prevent his movements being known. Here we leave him, meantime, and return on board the Olsequito, where another strange scene was being enacted. When Flood left the schooner he believed the men were all asleep, or in such an in toxicated condition as to be inosapable of leaving the fore-cabin. On this particular night, however, when midnight arrived, in stead of being all drunk as usual, some twenty of the pirates found themselves still comparatively sober and the liquor all gone. This was a state of aflairs they were not accustomed to, and calls at once arose for more drink. The captain, they believed, would have retired to rest by that time, but nevertheless they resolved to rouse him up. More liquor was wanted; and more they would have. After some talk, three of the crew were selected to proceed to the cabin and procure more rum and brandy. The three chosen were Davis the boatswain, a burly Welsh man; Harley, the carpenter, a lanky Scotchman; and Schneider, a Dutch sea man. Crawling up the hatchway the three worthies staggered aft to the cabin stairs. Here they were surprised to see a light still burning, but boldly descending the companion they pushed open the door and entered the cabin. A lighted lantern swung from the ceiling, but Flood was nowhere to be seen. They searched everywhere, but, of course, the captain could not be found. In their muddled state, it took them some time to realise the truth ; but when they did so. they at once raised the alarm. All the other pirates who retained their senses and the use of their legs immediately flocked to the after cabin. At firet it was conjectured Flood most have fallen overboard and met the same fate as Ctcnar. 'Soon, however, the boat was missed, and a cry arose that they had been abandoned. Everyone now rushed into Flood's cabin. Chests and lookers were broken open and ransacked. A plentiful supply of strong drink was obtained, and the pirates to the number of some twenty or thirty, made free with all theyfancied. omes gathered round the table beneafh the lantern, some sprawled on the lockers, others on the floor. Schneider. the Dutchman, being the soberest man in the company, peted as "master of the ceremories." He sat at the end of the table facing the ctibin-door. Be fore him was a ater-buoket, into which a dozen or two bottles of rum and brandy had been indiscriminately emptied. This mix ture he measured out freely in glasses, bowls, and iannikins to all who applied for it. Needless to say, he was kept well employed, and more than once more bottles were added to the contents. One by one the pirates dropped on the floor dead drunk. Some, half drunk, fought and cursed. Knives were drawn and pistols Ered amidst blasphemous shouts and yells of fiendish laughter. Soon only about half a dozen of the wretches retained sufficient sense to be able to sit round the table. Schneider roared and yelled like a very demon, and was ably seconded in his efforts by Harley, Davis, and one or two others. Some, itn a maudlin condition, shouted snatches of beccaneeri.n ditties of the gros. acat description. "' Fdl up anaie, boys," cried Schneider, struggling to his feet. " fill up to de brim. I viii givr you a toast, and 1 vill shoot do man who does not drink it." So saying, he pulled out a pistol and laid it on the table in front of him. The pirates round the table at once eagerly passed in their glasses, all except one. This exception was Pedro, the black cook, who lay with his head on the tablo fast asleep. ' Come, wake up, Pedro ' roared the Dutchman. "Wake up! No akulking here, I tell you.!" and he seized the necro by his shook of woolly hair and raised his head. The black's eyes turned up with a ghastly glare, but on Schneider relaxing his grip his head at once sank down again. " Vat I " screamed the Dutchman, " you vill nottake your liquor, you black tevil? By gar, but I will make you take it! If you vill not.tauke it inside, den you shall have it out!" With these words the drunken villain plunged his pannikin into the bucket of liquor, filled it to the brim, and emptied the contents over the negro's head. The liquor siturated his curly hair, and ran in streams down his neck and face. The Dutchman's jokeo was received with shrieks of laughter and wild applause. Pedro, however, was too far gone, and lay perfectly stillin his drunken stupor. "N'ow," said Schneider, refilling his mug, "ve vill have our toast, boys. Here's to the Mosquito and her new captain, whoever he may be, ant speedy death to Flood, the traitor! Up, boys, up! and altogether. Hip. hip, hur-" the cheer died away on his lips, his face blanched, and with staring eyes riveted on the doorway, he stammered out in a hoarse whisper "See! See! my Gott, Cesar's ghost !" _ The pirates instinctively turned, and there, sure enough, haggard and wan, but gazing sternly upon the horriblp scene, was the fi, re of their late lieutenant. Davis, the Welsh boatswain, sat next to Schneider, and was the flrst to regain his composure. "Ghost or demon! " he cried, "I'll try him with a bullet l" and seizing hold of the Dutchman's pistol, which still lay on the table, he levelled it at the figaro In the door way. As he did so the figure held up his hand as if about to speak, and at the same time Schneider threw ,up the boatswain's arm. Crack went the pistol, but the aim was spoiled. The bullet crashed through theb lantern which hung above the table. The cord was acut and down it rattled. When it struok the boate it burst open, and out flew the blazing wick. In an instant a lurid light illamiiatedthe cabin; ayell, as if from the throats of a hundred demons, rang through the room, and Pedro, the negro, sprang to his feet, hie brandy-aturated head in one ter Now took place a sonne which baflles description. From end to end of the cabin the black careered, overturning tables, seats, and the drunken pirates in his desperation. At last he stumbled over a fallen bench, plunced head-foremost against the magazine door, and the next moment rolled with his blazing head right in amongst the flasks and kegs of powder ! :resar (for it was the lieutenant still in the flesh) sprang up the cabin stairs and rushed to the side. Without a moment's hesitation he dashed overboard, and as he did so a terriflo report rang in his ears; the deck of the schooner burst asunder ; an inmmense volume of flame shot up to the sky, and the.sea around was in an instant churned into foam by a shower of burning timber, shattered masts and broken planks, mingled with which were the charred and battered fragments of the Mosquito's lawless crew. Cosar caught hold of a plank and Lazed around him, the only living soul on the face of the sea. At length he reached the shore and crawled up on the beach as the first streaks of dawn gilded the eastern sky. 4VI.-Trc z i LCRET OF "TseT ASuRE -BOACn." We will now return to Captain Flood. The pirate impatiently awaited the break of day in the vain hope that he might then find some way out of his awful dilemma. As he sat on the rocky ledge he was witness to the blowing up of the Mosquito, but, of course, entirely at a loss to account for the catastrophe. What his fate was to be he could not tell. The destruction of the schooner made things worse. For even though he managed to find a way either up or down the cliff in safety, his retreat from the bay was cut off. Shortly after sunrise he was aroused by a hoarse chuckle from above. Springing to his feet he eagerly gazed upwards, and saw a man's head and shoulders leaning over the preci pice. " Who's there?" he demanded, as the face being partly shaded he did not at first recognise it. "Ho, ho !" came from above," do you not know me, partner 1" As the man spoke he turned, and Flood, to his consternation, recognised his intended victim-Caesar l "CCesar I" he exclaimed, "is it you? Alive !" " Ave, still alive, murderer," answered the lieutonant, grimly; " still alive, Flood, and ready for vengeance. You thought you had sentme to Davy Jones, but your murderous work failed, and here I am to square our reckoning."' Flood considered a moment. "Cresar," he said, "I look for no mercy fromyou, and I asknone. But as you're a brave man cive me a chance. Let me up and we'll fight it out fair and square." A peal of derisive laughter was the reply. "Ha, ha, ha! 'Fair and square,' that sounds well from you, Flood. But never fear: it'll be all 'fair and square' imme diately !" Flood tried argument and entreaty in vain. Cesar merely laughed at him. " Well, then," asked Flood, in desperation, "what do you mean to do with me? Will youleaveme to starve here " "Perhaps I may," replied the lieutenant, "but when you're tired of your quarters, you know what to do. If you.can't get up, the road down iseasy. It's only one step to the bottom I But meantime I've a little job for you. Haul out the box." This Flood with some difficnlty did. but could not with safety drag it along the ledge alone. Seting this, Cansar detached the rope from the tree and carried it along immedia. ately above where the chest lay. There was no tree there to which to fasten it, so, to save any chance of it slipping over, he gave it a turn round his arm and threw the other end down to Flood. The latter was then told to fasten it to the chest, and Caesar began to haul it up. It was slow work, for he was terribly weakened by his hardships. As he strained at the rope he drew farther back from the edge, and when the box was on a level with Flood's head he became lost to the viewof the latter. Flood at once saw his chance, and spring ingup, caughtthe rope with both hands and awarmed up the face of the rook. The jerk and extra weight pulled Caesar to his knees, and in his weak condition it was all he could 'do to save himself from being dragged over. He could not even let the rope go, as it was firmdy twisted round his arm. When withm reach of the summit, Flood, who was unaware of the rope's being merely thus fastened, drew a knife from his belt, and, quickly striking upwards, plunged it into the lieutenant's throat. This one blow sealed both their fates. It was almost instantaneously fatal to Coesar; his grasp relaxed, and the next moment he rolled over the edge. Down went the two pirates together. The chest of treasurerested on the shelf, but the two men merely grazed the edge and plunged into the abyss bolow. In his despair, Flood clung like grim death to the dead body of Cxesar. When they had fallen the length of the rope they were brought up with a jerk which nearly shook Flood off. The chest remained firm, however, and its weight kept them dangling in mid - air. Then com menced a terrible fight eor life. Flood made adesperateeffort to ascend the rope and regain the ledge. Hand over hand he strugeled upwards, the body of his late comrade swinging by the one arm beneath. But the more Flood desperately mounted the rope the more he hastened his certain fate. Every pull at the rope drew the box nearer and nearer to the verge. A few feet separated the pirate from the ledge, when, to his horror, the chest appeared. One desperate snring Flood made for life, and, as he wildly clutched at the beetling cliff the chest toppled over. Htalf-way down a point of rock protruded. Head-foremost on to this the pirate fell, scattering his brains around. Crash came the chest an instant after ; the lid flew open and, as the dead pirates sank in the watery depths beneath, theywesre accompanied to their last resting-place by a shower of treasure ! Such is the origin of " Treasure Beach." -" Strand Magazine." 