A HORRIBLE DREAM. “Then, boys, I suppose I have to go V I addressed the party 'with a cheerful tone of affected indifference, in hopes that some one among the number, more fond of midnight adventures than I, would volunteer to act as my substitute. “ Yes,’1 replied one of the students, smiling, “ the die has cast your lot. ’ Having secured in me a tool to serve their purpose, they wished me success in my adventure ; and, binding mo ^ good night, I soon found myself alone in the dissecting-room. As I sought for the implements requisite for such an adven ture as I was about to engage in, I in wardly wished that I had never begun the study of medicine ; and bitter were the invectives I cast against the fate that had selected mo as the unfortunate one. Securing the necessary articles, I laid them on the table until such time as I was ready to sally forth. It wanted two hours to midnight; and to pass away tho time, which I know would hang heavily on my hands, I se-, lected from tlie nooic-caso one or .remit more Cooper’s works, “ Oak Openings. _ Beating myself, I began its perusal hop ing that it would prove sufficiently a™ ac tive to engross my attention. In vain did I try it. My mind -was worked up to such a state of nervous excitement by the thoughts of coming events winch did not “ cast their shadows before,’ that every line I read contained, in my imagination, such horrid deeds of murderers, stalking ghosts, and gravediggers, that in disgust I hurled it from me. In its flight it came in contact with a skeleton which stood beside the door, and with a dull thump knocked it over, scattering the bones hither and thither over the floor. With dilated eyes I gazed upon the wreck ; but being too timid to touch the sacred bones of the departed dead at that hour of the night, and especially when there was no one in hailing distance, I decided to let the august particle of said deceased try a night’s lodging on the bare boards. it Surely,” thought I, as I consulted the spirits within my pocket companion, m order to revive my own spirits, “ he won t feel any worse than I do-' Imagine my feelings as I sat there, ■with “no one to love,” or cheer me up with conversation. Nothing but gnm old skeletons surrounding me on all sides. The “ Oak Openings ” had knocked over the candle and blown the light out; but I was not “ left to pine away in total darkness.” The mellow, silvery beams of the moon, which was then high in the heavens, came peering gently through tho windows into tne room. Xlie evening was clear and cool; and the passing winds, swaying lo and fro the branches of an old elm which stood beside the house, caused them occasionally to gratB against the window blinds, and me to startle with fear, while I would conjure up wandering spirits without, sighing their mournful dirges, perhaps craving admittance to re monstrate against my projected desecra tion of the graves of their companions. I staggered to the window and gazed forth, hoping to find something without that would divert my attention. But for the lowing of distant herds, and a discordant quartette gratuitously gotten tip by sun dry sympathetic and decidedly unpathetic: specimens of the feline species, who were perched on a fence directly beneath my window, all nature seemed at rest. I was torturing my mind into a pitch of frenzy.by my gloomy meditations, when I heard with joy the old town clock ring out the hour’of midnight. Hastily throwing on my overcoat, I buttoned it tightly about my throat, making the collar hide my face as much as possible. Concealing about my person the articles I needed, I slouched my hat carelessly over my eyes, and silently descending the stairs, I was soon out in the street. It was a glorious night. The minutest' objects were visible at quite a distance'; and had not the moon, which was sailing , majestically through the silver- tinted, clonds directly above me, convinced mo to the contrary, I would surely havo laboured under ttie impression that it was broad daylight. The frentlo zephyrs cares singly touched my cheeks as they danced nmrmuringl7 along ; and, indeed, it was just such a night as gallant swains would select fen- a promenade wherein they un disturbed might whisper into their idola' willing ears the oft-told story of their love. But it was anything but such a night as;I would navo selected for the per petration of the outrage for the accom iplishment of which I had been delegated. An hour elapsed before I came in sight of Cypress Cemetery. As I approached its boundaries the cold white marble monuments came in view ; and the unac countable courage which I had displayed on my way from the dissecting-room and through the silent streets thither suddenly flagged. I commenced trembling with, . fear, and while my heart palpitated vio lently, and almost audibly, cold shivers ran through me, and beads of icy perspi ration gathered on my brow. Tliis was the first time I had ever visited a graveyard in the silent, solemn hours o£ midnight; and I turned to flee from the spotjas I thought of the atrocious crime I wasfabout to commit. But thoughts of the/scornful contempt with which my companions would receive me if. I proved mytelf, in their estimation, a coward un equal to the task, nerved me ; and 1 de termined to secure the corpse at all hazards. Vaulting the cemetery fence with no light heart or willing bound, I criuched beneath the shades of the cypress foliage to secure my movements from any casual observer, should any be lurking about, as was oltentimes the case. j As I stealthily crept along, thinking how miserable I would feel should any one dis turb the grave of my own dead mother, for whom I was then in mourning, I was startled by a voice whispering to me in slow, measured accents—“ Ho unto others as you would be done by." ' > I turned to face the speaker; but no one was there beside myself; and attri buting the language used to some of the many freaks of my imagination, I con tinued my way in silence. The monotonous quiet that prevailed ; throughout' the cometory was suddenly, disturbed''by the crowing of cocks in an adjacent farm. Thinking that the com-1 iugday was dawning, I turned to see if the moon had gono down, when, tripping, I stumbled prostrate over a grave. I felt the ground trembling beneath me I was sinking—sinking ! I tried to rise; I could not, and I cried aloud for help,; Oh, the untold misery of that moment! i A tremendous roar, as if in his indig nation Jupiter had cast a thousand thunderbolts at once from the heavens, and amid flames and chaos I was sent flying through the air. I fell again sense less, and when I awoke it was only to confront a grim phantom which stood. ectly before me. 1 Arise !” it commanded; and some in ible aid brought me to my feet, for I 3\. too weak and terrified to assist mvself, Sgith fire ..flastnng from ms eyeless :kets, and teeth clenched, It hissed addresses to me— 11 Depraved, sacrilegious, presumptuous >rtal, are you so vile and thoughtless as grander at this solemn hour within the s'cincts of these hallowed grounds l ho living, belongs to you, that you seek sin here ?” I tried in vain to reply. The words I iuld utter melted into air on my lips, i the phantom continued:— . , “ Know yon not, oh,; wretched, miser le mortal, that herein are the homes'of ose who seek rest in eternity? You ve willingly and premeditatedly tratis ;ssed the laws of heaven and man. You ve disturbed me, and called me forth. >m the slumbers of ages ; and as you ught your fate herein, l shall seal your t then beckoned me lo follow it. 1 id to turn and fly from the spot; hut I ild not move a step backwards ; and I Host all control.of my limbs. I tried scream, hoping thereby to gain assis ce': . ‘Great heaven, deliver me IT inwardly .yed, as I felt my legs carrying nm eresoevor the phantom went. ht last we arrived at the summit of a ;h precipice, overlooking the country for ndreda of miles around. Here we halted, I the phantom, raising its arm, pointed the plains below, at the same time cum nding me to look. There was the town r-0nd ; and too plainly did I see, among > many buildings, the one in which, •ee hours before, I had been compare ely happy. rears tilled my eyes, and I bowed my id only to gaze on the dismal, craggcd :ks, thousands of feet beneath ms. I s standing on the very brink of the icipice. The slightest movement would ve hurled me into eternity, and1 my lins would have moistened the moss rered rocks below. Oh, the' torments, : anguish of that moment 1 . ; ‘ Vile mortal 1" began,my. tormentor— II looked up to hear my fate—“ you ve now seen your homo where once .you re, and could have yet'been-happy bad a respected the graves of our deal, ra have but a moment to live, for eady I sceut the morning air 1” The moment passed. It beckoned to me, saying—“Come, me, you booby; are you going to stay re all night i” . And a rough jerk brought ine to my ;_v chum, Gus Beaumont, stood he he doctor had finished his lecture, and id been dreaming. • x 