Stageianu studies' (Chiefly Australian). By Garnet Wawh. No. 21.—On Tour. First Paper. Happy Ghosts !—Jex yet.-cum-Hyde Outdone, ThK AOTOU AS A TrAVETAtnG COMPANION,—A Goou Oi.h Game.—Thorns amidst Koh'es.—Thk New Obdeh op Things.—A SuitPEPr op Snows. —An Imaginary Company.—A "Star" in the AYert.' The average /bachelor' or spinster meinbor of a metropolitan stock oomimny is delighted, ns a rule, when the news pnsses rotind that the management having, say, leased their theatre for a season, arc contemplating a tour through the provinces, or even as far as one or more of the neighbouring colon Such a tour means—at least it did before tlawn present dark days—a pound a week added to salary, all travelling expenses paid, no new pieces tnstiidv the chance of playing one's favourite parts, and any number of those delicious tit-bits, the notices in Hip country Press, where the! gonial reporter Insists, not only in praising the living and breathing monikers of the company, but those happy ghosts, (lie doubles.'' I have even known no loss than three people, who all went out walking under one hat, divide hnlf a column of laudatory criticism between them. As how ? Marry ! As thus : — Mr. Jones (as Air, Jonw in the day-bill) plays, let us say, Old Dante's in the prologue to Monte Crista ; Mr. Jones,(as Mr. Smith in the day-bill) plays tlio Abhi) P'aria in Act I of Monte Crista ; Mr. .Tones (as Mr, Robinson in the day. billy plays Benedetto in the second and following acts of Monte Crista j then in the morrow's Stop/mm Soari/ier, with which is incorporated the Slushvillt Sunheani, Mi*. .Tones, Mr. Smith and Mr. Jtobinson, each having shown some definite and widely differ ing peculiarity of style, do each receive the re ward of merit in the shape of a lengthy paragraph, and in this goes on throughout the'tour, Jones begins, of last, to doubt his own identity, and to foster idoasof the Jelcyll-TTyde nature. Should there ho a Mm. Jones, and she also haH been' allotted double or treble parts, the complication' becomes move intense, the plot thickens to pea-soup consistency, and lialf-a do/,on Louis Stevensons" would fail to do it justice. I have already had occasion in those article to deal with the suhjeat of dramatic doubles in the concrete > tit present, regarding them in the abstract, I can assure my reader's that they, tho doubles, not the readers, load to many a piece of fun, lifirmlossor othorwiso, and though the laugh is gennmlly supposed, to lie against country audionnos in this respect—for the reason that nobody imagines a metropolitan manager would or need stoop to audi a subterfuge—-yet have I known both city audience and city critics to bo .most effectually gullod hit"1® respect. To return to our tour, Tho company has btmn duly informed, per notice 'on tho "call hoant of the fact that they arc oxpootod to Icnvi" .Melbourne by snub and Buch tv tram "j such and such a morning, andthearrangomontsiis''^ luggago—commtingof wardrobe for tho l>i«o<*to * 'produced,,.a:";lipt whereof is also given—are notifieu y the same' medium.' />The morning arrlvoa and win tho asHoihlpling of tlio c6nn>any (travellingflrst-o for sec«onjl.olnks ,fares), whip, proceed t;o form tlir selves intp\littl€(.Be;bB;for the^oXu-ney, tho dootri " of Afilnjty. and mltyffal Selection roooivmg illustration^ ,lVy .the time the' train starts. J , ,f is probably i<ki early for any particular gatmu" j. frionds to soo frienils dfiVrts is the usage in tin 1ni) of steaiuers, and the travellers, with uotluug ^ serious to depress their spirits than rogrefs ; loss of sleep, soon Bottle down comfortably. . caps of wild and wondorful pattern arc pi'" ilaslcH poop soducingly from sido-poclcidm noivsi ' or of the day aro exchanged, a card-party or f four is formed, and tho rest of the good ;t do/o quietly in thoir snug corners or I'snc chat wliich may lust for hours. iin.1 hic'd' _ Actors and iiotresses are, as a rule, . )|(„i i ling companions j full of anocdoto f fvn won'1' •r a e. he.n I ranata—or, as your low-oomody mi*'1 in oxp,,rl' call it, " tomato"—typo j stoopod to the l'PHftr0,ynr on (jo i and over ready to soi/o upon tlio li" . ^ pathetic side of things, from a flrivma'1 1 voi|r view, if tlioy have previously sojoi'i'"01 —— * ftpeolnlly wrltton for Taiii.e Tai.|c.—All rltrb'n.,l1iu 1)Vor;en(, destination they will "put you up to the ropes» you know," in many ways, either as concerning the habits and customs of aggregate communities, or Mho bits of eccentric, human nature, constituting hvlmfc your sesquipedalian essayist would style " individual idiosyncrasies." Never at a loss for an I illustration or quotation wherewith to enrich their (Hubicct-matter, and as liberal with their pocket Masks and cigars as they are with their good t humoured advice, they make the time fly, and lo ! i before you have .even felt the premonitory symptoms inf ennui the hundred miles or so of your journey i'havu been covered, and you glide into the Bendigo . Hallarat railway station as "though you were hut Iftt the end of a Melbourne tram ride. ' Those of the party whose duty it is to see that i everything is in readiness at the;.lbcal theatre, both fin the front of the house ,aud on the stage, must 1 perforce attend to this at'ohoe, l:mt unless a "'run >1.1,rough," i.e., a hurried reneai'sal, js necessitated hy Uhe presence of new members ih^tlie' company,.the travellers can proceed forthwith to-,the; various' hotels they affect, the Supreme* Boss and his'belongr: iu"s, if he be of the party,Mlie "star"—if there1 •lie" one—and one or two of the " leading; ppdjile" patronising the crack hostelry, as part and parcel of the many-sided advertisements deemed .Advisable to "help business but for the lesser lights there is the comfort of "taking one's ease at one's inn," where the charges are low, the arrange ments generally bear a home-like aspect, and a game of four-handed cribbage can be started . on the shortest possible notice. A grand old game that four-handed cribbage, my masters, and, to my mind, vastly superior to your "Nap," " Poker," "Whist,"— aye, evon your much-vaunted and more popular " Euchre." But then my experience of four-handed cribbage includes gamos played between rival sets, Town against Country,'' for a boiled leg of mutton and trimmings—"trimmings," bien eniendu, covering a vast field of sundries—and the battle taking place in the sanded bar-pax-lour of an English riverside liun, whore anglers oft do congregate, and bread-and Icheese and beer are nectar and ambrosia to the ilmugry and thirsty pedestrian,' cyclist or oarsman fi'rbm the great city away yonder where the heavy gsuiolce-fog liaugs like a pall. Heavens ! how I do Icligruss! and "what Eitzgibbonian sentences are {these! Somewhat different'to the'foregoing is the aspect of affairs when it has 'taken the whole of a long and | perhaps hot day to reach the small country town s where the night's performance is to be given, and J whore the company put in an appearance, say, about six p.tu., only to find that the caretaker, who was I supposed to, have everything in readiness, is not at 1 his post, hut has to be hunted fox", and is eventually | found at liis cottage three miles away, while two or throe of the younger members of the company break a window and thus; effect an entrance into the looked hall, arranging scenery, seats, etc., until the delinquent'turns, up. : Then, dinnorless and cross, •the actors and actresses commence to dress, the travelling-manager arranges his tickets and stations | Biiuh money and check-takers as lie may be fortuuate | onough to secure—frequently coaxing into his Her vice one or more of the company not wanted iu the earlier part of the piece—the doors are thrown |opou and the gentle public "rolls-up," or declines to Jdo.au, »a the fit has seined them, .For the sake of a llittle sunshine in our narrative of events, we will pupposo a full house and plenty of applause. Then Jaro empty stomachs and all minor grievances forgotten, everybody does their level best, and the fcertainty of supper to come sends Black Care to. the right-about, and all goes merry as a "curtain-boll." Every year that lapses into the limbo of lost 'esterdays—concerning- one of which the man iu the ffih'cr Kino makes suuli a to-do—sees the halls in our country towns made more and more comfortable fiiliko before and behind the footlights. The iron Iroofod abomination, where a sudden shower not .only i|drowub every voice, but causes oocki'oaoltes, oenti fpodea and tarantulas to wander about the stage seek f^ng comfort, and.neither finding nor giving it j .this pyle of hall will soon exist only in the memories of jpur much-travelled veterans, side by side with the vJt'iiiivuK marquee of the digging days, and the iui ®. 4tagei"aiuly composed of gin- cases, with Jkolouved blankets for a proscenium,. Ac., and dress 'fttng-roonw indicated rather than forthcoming—and ffofc ui these ramshackle structures of the past, have, performances been 'given that many of Us would like fo boo repented in these fin do aicoic times, when the JUwliug art of noting is elbowed to the wall by .skirt m«. v uoLoruuneti tio press forward in your #iio very verge of,civilisation—in amongst the " back h t • ' the absolute desert of the ".vast L. 01\ ,y°w 'Can, still .pome. across what an, Ameri-, hi,,1 w?.u these one-horse townships. Such 'a frnvr*. waa'fcd which the redoubtable Man i ju ivose,, Uaiupiov's whilom manager, took , a small | npany not so very, long ago—lie described it to mo »m.. ','urth," somewhere in Western Australia. i'liiiui ir i B<oso to a fellow-lodger at the Dead, fill.. , H°tel, "may 1 ask you what you oonsider a good house to-night f" " WolJ," 1 m1,1,11 u .B^htleiuau addressed as he tossed off the i al°t't water which his thoughtful uues Uu. fl , ordered, " Well, you see, 1 dunno, 1. don't «hu fii'lt 'phiion 'tluuit doo consideration, and I y^mthor ,'i yod-.show-iHJOple oome so quick after eqiih , ' 7~" h'eking' across the bar to. -a that uuug asiaut from a nail—"it hM a«° that he there—ah, yes, Billy Barlow, that's the name, givo his'ntainm't—a funny chap ho was too, waru't he, Bob ?" this to the land lord beliind the 1 >ar, who responded with a " dunuo, 'fore my time "—and thus gave hose tlie cue to walk across and inspect the day-bill more closely. He found that it bore date throe years back. . Occasionally, very occasionally, of course, whore country tours are organised by peraonH whose capital is far too limited for the purpose, there are sub stantial' reasons, which multiply with rabbit-like fecundity as the tour lengthens, why the public should not be over-enthusiastic in their support. Mr. James Cathcart, 1 fancy, could tell a story, if he chose, of how he was once engaged to " star " in the Western District of this colony, and was • furnished by the promoters of the tour with a list of some 28 names, comprising, he was told, the company ' got together, and afterwards billed as his support. , He suggested a rehearsal or two before starting, but was told that there was really no need'of that, the entire company being well np in his pieces and a " run through" all that would ho required. Onboard thestearnor—was it the Julia l'urcy ?—bound for Warrnambool, their first show-place, he asked the anlrc-pronaar—the only person whom as yet he had met in connection with the undertaking—to introduce him to the other members of the company, and two or three Poverty Point gentlemen were brought to him with the statement that all the others were terribly sea-sick and could not leave their bunks. Arrived at Warrnambool the secret could be kept no longer—the "star" found himself the head of a company mustering seven (!) all told, but as 1 have before observed "billed" for twenty eight! It was no use reproaching a manager whoso actions all showed him to be morally a pachyderm of the paoliyderma, so the best was made of an extremely bad job, and by dint of " doubling," " trebling," nay, .1 fancy one man played no loss than siro parts, some approach to the plays announced was- given, there being, luckily, several pretty de cently painted scenes on the local stage, but at the next town, Belfast, even these were wanting, and '1'uh Nit/his in a Bur- room, " that favourite temperance drama," was given, a table and a couple of chairs staud ingfor an "interior,", and their removal, together with the substitution of a bush, signifying a change of scene to an " exterior." Whipping off the bush and running on the "furniture," meant another interior, ahd so on through the long five acts of this magnifi cant play. At Belfast, .1 believe, Mr. Cathcart seceded and paid his own passage hack to the gay metro polis. [Next week's instalment will consist of On Tou.ii -r—second paper.] A. vioii.y successful operatic aud dramatic ou tortainmont was given in aid of SB. Peter and Paul's Church, South Melbourne, 011 Wednesday evening, March M, in the new hall, South Melbourne, The operetta, Jenny Wood, in which Mr. Cluirlos Glennon, Mr, W. .Byrne aud Miss Tottio Sullivan took part, was received with groat,-upplause, the performers filling their parts excellently, In the one-act oomedy, A Cap of Tea, Mr. Glonnon, Miss Lofobvro, Mr. W, Byrne, aud Mr. L. .Lofebvro created a very faveurahlo impression on the audience. . The Bohemian orchestra performed selections during the interval. A dance took place in the hull aftor the outortainmout. A'.r several smart English weddings of late'flower mulfs have been very much on doidmivo,'mid they certainly form a charming finish to a well arranged toilette. Tiio prettiest of these novelties are of white satin, fashioned into large upstanding wings at the sides, edged with beaver or sable and trimmed with trails of fragrant Russian or Parma violets, deftly- wired to represent long sprays. They are wonderfully effective. Ivory prayer books, too, have been carried by the brides, in lieu of the orthodox bouquet, at some of the most fashionable marriages recently. 'Taw fair in aid of the Kihuoru Hospital has proved a great success, and the committee are able, to hand over JSHQ-to the funds of the hospital just at the time the administration • was so urgently In heed of money that the question of closing the building was-imminent. A local newspaper appears to think that this statement is not correct, Unfor tunately the committee can disprove the assertion that " the hospital 11 nances are in a prosperous con dition," One of tho most active organisers of tho entertainment was Mrs, J., M. Ferguson, of Flower da le Station, Broad ford. , M iss Vera llouhossy, tho little daughter of Ubunoillor D. V. Henuesuy, of . Brunswick, enter-' tainod about sixty of her friends at a gardou party, 1 held' at their residence, " Mlldura," Brunswick, on Th ursday afternoon, March 8. E very kind of amuse-, 111 out was provided for the little guests. A merry go-round was. erected in the .grounds, aud, Accom panied by the Strains of a baud, proved very attractive to the guests. Several races took •place, In which tho children competed for some handsome prl/.us, S w.i ngo and side-shows also attracted their attention, 'and the hours wore spout very happily till <3 o'oloolc, when tea was served, A large nutrguoo wab provided with long tables, *ouud w hich tho little ones'wore placed, Another ride on the luorry-go-rouud followed, and the pleasant afternoon concluded with the sing ing of " Auld Lang Syne." 