Ladies' Gossip. Another woman of mark — Mme. Koeckiin Schwartz, many years of whose life have been devoted to good works— has received what is stfll to be considered, where a woman is con cerned, toe highest reward cf merit — namely, toeCroBBof the Legion of Honor. The small uutuutsc ui wuiueu wuu unvo ura tigui w new toe red ribbon— they are not more than twenty, even when reckoning toe members of the religions nursing communities — renders this a distinction of toe highest order. Vastly dif ferent is toe violet ribbon belonging to the Palmes Academiques, which has of late years been almost too generously awarded for ser vices ill defined. The special character of this honorable grade is too often lost to eight, and persons are admitted into toe list wbonave never done much to further educa tion in any form ; but this year the Govern ment has been somewhat more circumspect. Among toe nominations that appeared last week were several female names. The dreadful tragedy which occurred toe other day in the ltue des Martyrs, when a family consisting of father, mother and daughter pnt an end to their lives to eec&pe; the shame and troubles of growing poverty, has caused a great deal of comment and much very real com miseration. All their preparations seem to have been made with a stoicism that savors of the antique, and which one would hardly expect to find in an average middle-class household. Bather unfairly, perhaps, toe opponents of ad vanced education for women set toe tragedy down to toe effects of an artistic training on an insufficiently biased mind ; for many refuse to admit that the project could have been con ceived by either of toe parents, bnt musthave originated with toe daughter, who had received a superior education to her father and mother, and was both a musician and an artist. That her failure to secure a position as a teacher of music, or to get her pastels accepted at toe Salon, preyed upon the young girl's mind— she was only twenty-three — was probable; and perhaps, her mental superiority over ber parents may have influenced them. I like (says a writer to an English paper), some of toe nursery superstitions. The thief in the candle ; toe stranger in toe tea cap ; toe name that lurks in toe coffee grounds; toe bubbles in the tea cup that mean kisses ; lucky money; toe burning of toe right or left ears; the itching of the nose ; the itching of the eyes ; tinning toe money at the new moon; toe sneezing of toe cat. AH these are harmless little things at which toe children laugh; -toey nnflnftuwiflfl dvwujnntfttty Mjujayfa. tinns riduCTtlfininJH would WayrfyjlrajMnt , "amna '"SfflieSsiaiSnah'miorinbiu ; number 'can he collected. The FVflk-Tiora Society ; the author of the " Golden Bough ; " toe Psychical Society could contribute hun dreds of toese pretty, idle, merry little super stitions. But toe cmb must invite girls to its evenings. 'What, for instance, witoont girls to go out and lookjor it, is the use of toe new moon? Without girts to counteract toe warning, what ifl the good of an itching nose? And, of course, for the Thirteenth Club there are most magnificent openings in the shape of ghosts of siu kinds. Bnt toese things will foUowindue course; " lake Joko " is a most fflwminna ynnny pwiflwniwt. & the Mew Testament the twelve fotwda- tions of toeNew Jerusalem ere represented as of so many precious stones, comprising toe ametbyBt, beryl, chrysolite, chrysopraee, chal cedony, emerald, jacinth, jasper, sapphire, aardins, sardonyx, and topaz. The twelve foundations by some are supposed to represent aa many apostolic virtues, such as : 1\. Ametoyrat — Sobriety and temperance. 2\. Beryi — Goodness of mind at all times. 3\. Chalcedony — Ardent zeaL 4\. Chrysolite — Restrained by no obstacles. 5\. ChryEoprase — Severity towards sin. 6\. Emerald — Sauvity of manner T. Jasper— Firmness and constancy. 8\. Hyacinth or Jacinto— Calmness in all 9\. Sappliire — Heavenly and beautiful thoughts. 10\. Sardms — Readiness for martyrdom. 11\. Sardonyx — Variety in teaching. 12\. Toraz— Healing power. 