J WIFE'S CONFESSION. CHAPTER VI. — CCtoNXiKDBD.) So humbly and so sadly the poor jirl answered that Mrs. Snell, despite ?he prejudice against personal beauty, aimed sharply round 'with a leas stony 'ook in her eyes. f ' Fm told how you've just lost your jiamma, Miss Furriesd'.! I^-it trdeAp' If the sour and down-trodden woman iad only been a little less awkward : I ihe would have opened her arms and , made a friend for ever. She might iave felt that Marion was thirsting for i touch or a word Qf sympathy — of a (roman's sympathy with a woman, ffhich, if not always the best, is still the most needful. But that is as aiuch as to say that she might have spread her wings and flown over the noon. ' Yes,' said Marion— if she said any irord^at all, ? c ' That's a pity. Though if it's true she had a bit of a bee, of course it's aot so hard. And a precious big bee Bhe must have had to marry Adam Furness — a regular bumble-bee.' ' He is my father,' said Marion. 'No offence, I'm sure. Though I wouldn't be touchy about that if he was mine. He was a coal merchant, and brought us up to be lydies — though I -dursay you wouldn't think it now. There. If you miss anything you've been accustomed to, take a hair brush and hammer the floor ; my room's just below.' Marion did miss a great many Shingsj but she certainly had no notion of summoning back a hostess Those whole bearing seemed delibe rately repulsive. Nor had she been nuch more favorably impressed by the vaunted manners of her host, which seemed to her a trifle over flowery. But then, she had always been taught that genius is not to be judged by common standards; while it is notorious that the most brilliant men invariably go but of their way to marry the most inappropriate wives they can find. Well, it did not matter. Nothing mattered ; nothing could ever matter again. So she sat down on the edge of the creaking bedstead and cried with all her heart and eye.' At last, what sounded like the clat tering of a pair of tongs upon a tea tray warned her that she must return to the parlor. She had more than half a mind to plead a headache and go to bed ; but her luggaga had not. yet jtrrived from .the station^- and she had many misgivings as to what Mrs. Snell's treatment of a headache might 3e. So she took the simpler alterna tive of going downstairs. Mrs. Snell's threats of 'an'insuSi ciency of cold mutton were unrealised k- a Btartling degree. Only her huB oand'e occasional stoppages for parcels it the London shops could account for » table spread .with bewildering pro hision. Either he or a wizard had covered the round table with all manner I of cold things, displayed at a single I new — rpate de foie -gras, smoked I goose's breast, salame oysters in their I ieep shells, Roquefort cheese, lobster, I game pie, various cakes, and chaos I knows what besides, with champagne I to wash it down. The plates were I cracked, the knives chipped, the forks I and spoons of German silver, and there I was nothing but a pewter pot, a I cracked teacup, and a chimney-piece I ornament for the champagne. But one I must have a mortal objection to night I mares to quarrel with the fare. I 'Aud yet there's doctors, and big I pots too,' said Wyndham Snell, letting I a cork fly, ' who'll tell you that pie I crust, and shell-fish, and all those sort I of things are unwholesome. Thafs I all gammon, Miss lurness. I'm a I specialist on hygiene ; and I tell you I that the more complex the creature the I more complex and artificial ought to I be its diet — and what creature is so I complex as man, unless, indeed, it be I woman f You see before you the I Feast of True Reason ; and I trust you I may find it accompanied with some not inconsiderable amount of the Flow I of Soul. I have a theory that man in his fiTtnl- development will 'wholly exist on pate de foie gras. Have some now. This is the best sort — look at the truffles. Welcome to-- Euphrosyne Terrace, Miss Furness. Julia, give Miss Furness an oyster — she looks tired.' | Marion had: to make a pretence of eating and of sipping from the teacup, the mantelpiece spill-jar falling to Mrs. Snell. Fortunately her want of appetite passed unobserved by -the Doctor, who, reducing his medical prin ciples to practice, made an entire circle of the dishes and then re-began at the beginning. 'We'll have ia a grand piano to morrow,' said he, lighting a cigar. ' Mrs. Wyndham Snell is passionately fond of music. You sing, of course ? I've observed that a beautiful voice always goes with eyes like youre. And so do L We'll learn some duets together. I'm an operatic tenor— up to C sharp ; I've taken the -iop E flat, real chest voice, before now. People : usedn't to know the difference between me and Qiuglini; and if you sing half as sweet as you speak, we'll make, a pair.' . . 'Wyndham,* said Mrs. Snell, ' people don't sing before their mothers are half cold in their graves.' ' Don't they ? Of course not, I mean. But it don't take long to get j whole cold; and then they can — 1 eh?'? ?/??? Day by day, almost hour Itj hour, a transformation crept visibly over Euphrosyne Terrace,. Kggotfs Town. The house grew gradually furnished ; Marion had no longer to sleep in a; . chamber that a maid-of-all work would have. Bcorned. A cook and a housemaid followed, to get on as best { they' mi«ht with Mrs. Snell. The meals became frequent, less chaotic, and less cold. The threatened grand piano appeared, and, by some magic, was squeezed through the front door. c; : ' Aid forthwith, strange to say, the patients who had hitherto patronised bhe simple doorplate of E. Smith, sur geon, felt a magnetism that drew them to that of Wyndham Snell, M.R.C.S., L.A.C., Physician, Surgeon, and Accoucheur. In the mornings the latter had no longer to stand at his parlor window, smiling, envying, and trimming hia nails. He found himself in such sudden request that, had his patients only heen of the pay ing sort, he might hove set up a car riage on the; strength of his practice alone. As.for Julia,, she was reduced to wandering about the house, and to climbing and re-climbing the ptairs for want of anything in the world to do, ^e some ghost of a housekeeper haunting the scene of her ancient reign, and finding the repose of the grave no comfort, but a weariness to brain and bones. Marion wrote to Uuy. Ana it ner first letter had been hard to write, what had this to be P After all, it is one thing to sentence one's own heart to death,' it is another thing to deal the blow. But it had to be done. ' It must all be over. Do not ask me why. It is no fault of mine, none of yours. That is all I can tell you, now or ever. You must live as if there was no me in the world. That ought to be easy for a man. It is only to look on a few weeks as if they had been a dream. Do not try to find me. You would only distress me beyond words j and so I shall take care never to be found. Only forget me, that is all.' To such, in effect, came her letter ; for, though it was a long one, it told him nothing more. When it was written, she felt that she had been writing with frozen ink ; but she could not bring herself to read it. For go it must ; and if she read it, it would never go. So she signed the death* warrant, and sent it to be posted in London: — that no postmark might tell tales — by Wyndham Snell. And, under the circumstances, she might as well have thrown it into the ditch where the dock-leaf grew. 'For,' he argued shrewdly, ' there's just one certain way to make a man hunt out a girl like a bloodhound till he finds her, high or low — and that's to dare him. If that letter goes, then good-bye to Miss Marion.' She had better have thrown the letter into the ditch. The deck-leaf could not read. Perhaps it may be thought a little strange on the part of Dr. Snell that, having presumably been paid his fee in advance, he should be so anxious to retain a.; guest -whose company must thenceforth be all loss and no gain. Perhaps he did not like to take xmfair advantage of his position. Perhaps he, being by no means ungifted with fancy, saw in Marion a Mascotte — a bringer of good luck to every roof that shelters her. Perhaps he had more complicated views. But, how ever this might be, to Julia it was all as cleai as day. Where is the woman who does not believe that she can read her husband through and through? And being right in her belief six times out of seven, what wonder if she sees nothing to baffle her the seventh time ? And certainly, if men are to be judged by acts, and acts by colored spectacles, Julia, who had nothing left her to do 'but watch and worry, -found plenty of occupation in that way. So far as Marion knew, Dr. Snell might be a model of all the domestic virtues. But Julia could count on her fingers the number of occasions on which Wyndham had spent an- evening at home during their residence in Piggof s Town — eight she made it, counting once when the line was blocked by a rail way accident, and three times when he was out of sorts and 'wanted nursing — before Marion Furness came. Within the first nine days of her visit, however, he stayed at home no fewer than seven times. It was true he had a separate reason for every one of them. On Monday, for ex ample, he had to read up a case of pericarditis that had come before him in the morning ; on Tuesday he was tired with his growing practice, and needed to go to bed early; on Wed nesday it rained ; on Thursday he ex pected a summons from Mrs. Crisp ; and .so ion, and so on. No possible objection could- ever he made to one of his reasons, taken alone: But there was the one fact for Julia — that giri. He had not been able as yet to bring about the duet. But* the grand piano had not been conjured into the house for nothing, and he was really something of a musician, even though it was he himself who had said so. He could eing light and easy Bongs in a pleasant voice and a pleasant way, doing special justice to pathetic passages— indeed, lie had quite a knaek^of touching those queer corners of the heart that are only to' be stirred by certain scents and certain sounds, and . then with, a shy . and secret rapture that is harder to bear than pain! Marion was in the mood to be moved by ^slight things; and Mrs. Snell, though impervious to music herself, could not fail to perceive how M-»T?oTr listened1 when Wyndham played. Though tactless herself ^ she [could be jealous^ »%a»B ? of 4%© attention ; and her spirit writhed. Never had Wyndham stayed at home to play to her. It is true that there had not been till now any instrument to play on ; but that 'was a detail. The principle remained the same. Then a brilliancy — to her mind, at least a brilliancy — came into his home talk that he had certainly never wasted upon his domestic hearth for many a long day. It is true that better circumstances may send a man's spirits up, just as a good meal de cently served may keep a man at home whom a diet of pickled gherkins quite naturally drives abroad. Alto gether, a sensible woman might have found plenty of reasons for a sudden change of habits without looking for them in another woman's eyes; and a yet more sen sible woman would have invented even more reasons than she found. And a consciously plain woman like Julia is bound to be supremely sen sible, or supremely a fooL The poor plain woman sat over her poor plain sewing in the evening (the one occu pation she could retain in her own hands), and watched , hjLs brilliancy and her beauty till the needle seemed to mistake her flesh for the calico. Not that for a moment she found any blame for Wyndham. What could he, poor fellow, do, with his susceptibility and his own power to charm, when a pretty girl was making eyes at ^t'? and looking melancholy and demure, and humor ing his musical hobby, and altogether behaving as only those quiet girls know how? If only Marion had known through what sort of spectacles her hostess was watching her, she would Indeed have stared. However, she had other things to think of than what might be going on in the grim abode of Mrs. Snell's brain — to say nothing of the doctor's ; Und if onlv Mrs. Snell could have seen how little room the doctor occupied in the mind of his guest, it is she -who would have stared. Even as things were, she opened her eyes pretty widely when Marion, after the usual late breakfast, asked Mrs. Snell for permission to help her in her sew ing. ' I must do something,' she pleaded ; ' and I used to do all the sewing, when — ; — '' She stopped short — the time had not yet come when she could speak of her mother to a -woman who had kept ' Thank you, Miss Furness,' said Mrs. Snell, snapping her scissors and her words at the same time ; ' but I've always done Dr. Snell's sewing myself ; and it's too lyte to chynge: — thanking you all the syme.' ' Is there nothing I can do— -till my father comes ?' ' Till what, Miss Furness P' ' Till my father comes.' *t Oh — you're going away, then P' 'I don't know,' sighed Marion. 'I don't know anything yet- — I suppose I shall. . . . .1 only know one thing. I can't go on doing nothing all my days.' ' It hasn't seemed to me like as if you'd found things bo dull here, Miss Furness.' ' Dull ? Indeed, no 1 But if it had been — I'm. sure yoa've both of you been very kind, and I'm sure I don't know why. Is it tor my lather's sake? Have you known him long?' Some such question she had been burning to put ever since she began to realise that her father was long in coming — indeed, had she been less anxious she would have put it long ago, in spite of Mrs. Snell's repellant ways. 'Yes,' said Mrs. Snell. 'He won't have spoke much, of us though, I dursay — no more than of Bot'ny B'y.' Marion flushed crimson. This was not what she had meant to hear. Not that she suspected Mrs. Snell of find ing any comfort in alluding to matters that are generally ignored among friends. 'I know — but — he was innocent,' said she, hotly, but yet somewhat feebly. « Yes, Miss '. Furness. -Of course. People that go to Bof ny B'y always are. Anyhow, they're no 'worse than them that don't go ; so if s all the syme,' said Mrs. Snell, bitingly, and making her calico scream. ' But all the same, Miss Fumess — and though you mayn't think it, I can't ' help speaking out my mind if I was to die for it— Fd sooner he'd styed there, and not come troubling respectable people ©fernere.' ' '!''' ? (TO BE COUXXNllJiD.) 