OUR HOBART LETTER, (FBOM OUR OWN OOBBESPONBENT.) Fbidat. The Technical School Is one of the first of tho Government Institutions that will snocumb to the edge ot tbe pruning knife that is now being vigorously handled by the Cabinet. The board who run the show met the other evening, bnt tbe tale they had to tell was not an en couraging one. The pupils wo aid not attend, and a number ot the masters have receive' notice that their services will no longer be required, One of the members tabled a notice to lower the Ices ; but even this bait will not bring along pupils. The death knell ci the institution is sounded, and the coming snmmer months may pro bably see the picturesque building in Bathnrst-street either converted into a lodging-house or turned into a first-class hotel. The latest thing that has leaked out from toe Cabinet meetings la that there will be before long h Tasmanian Black Wednesday in the Lands and Works Office. For a con siderable time paet it has been publio pro perty that this department is considerably over-manned. In fact, it is stated that a great many of the officials bave a bard matter to find anything to do daring office hours, Amalgamation will shoot a lot ot them ont on to the land, and judicious re trenchment will dispose of a number of others. All sorts of rumors are flouting about concerning the Government Printing ! Office, and tho latest np to date ie that the 1 present Administration intend to shnt it up, and let the State printing out by contract. Short days and long nights bring tales of dire necessity and want to the eaTs ot philanthropists day after day. The Benevo lent Society, who are now touching on their capital account to meet the ory for assist ance from the laboring classes, f*il, how ever, to pet at the needs of those who have a cn better aays, lor tbe simple reason that this class of people will not make their wants known to charity organisations. Those who move about amongst the middle clasecs arc made deeply sensible of the poverty that exists in a goodly portion of this section ot the community. Absolute starvation has been met with by those who probe the mysteries of middle class domestic life, and, singular to say, the only way to give p&Ttial; relief to this section of one's fallow creatures is through the channel ot private relief. To the credit of the Benevolent Society, it may be said : that when tbey do hear ot cases of the kind I above quoted they assist them in an twos I tenlatious manner, and do not make tbe | recipients ot their dole fed that they are i eating the cold bread of charity* Tbe coming winter will be a hard ono to many, ' but if those who have the wherewithal at J their command to assist their poorer neigh | bors give with a free hand, their actions I will carry a ray of sunlight into manv a household, whose only sin is that their onp boards are bare of that whioh Is needful to keep body and sonl together. The village settlementscheme, about whioh eo much has been talked and written, has frosted. One shining light, who presumably joined the organisation committee simply to gratify bis ambition for what is known as ' bard square pitching,' is now up to his neck in politics, and the latest bnlletin re ceived as to his doing disclosed tbat he was working up the unimproved capital value ques- ion in preference to dis casBlng tbe question of the little log shanty in the virgin forest, with the happy settler and his wife seated in front of tbeir domi cile, watching their cow chewing the cud of reflection, and their pigs snouting up the luscious fern rost. A lot of arrant nonsense was talked at tbe numerous meetings held to dUcuss the future of the city unemployed, and, like all twaddle of this character, it ended in nothing. The latest fad taken np by some of the committee is io asudthe city waifs with th'.ir fathers and mothers rabbiting in the Midlands. This scheme, however, does not I meet with that amount of enthusiasm that I ite promoters anticipated. I Some sdictic individual has been playing | the ghost in city circles during the week, and bas succeeded in terrifying a number of helpless females who, unfortunately, when tbey met ovr shadowy acquaintance had not one of tbe sterner sex to defend them, A vigilance committee has been formed to pat a stop to the after dark pranks ot the fool, and if some family circle receive one of their namber with a charge of No. 4 shot in a cot vital part of his body they ought to form a pretty good idea of the reason why the lead got there. A capital tale comes from the regions ot the inner life of hotel circles, ;A Oivil ser vant wanted oblivion. He wanted to live no one knew where, and the more obscurely he could bide himself, het bought, he should be the happier. He got his holiday, and he tried several country lodgings, but they proved too garish and cbeerfnL In one housi he heard tho Bound of a cornet, which was enough for him, and ho left. At ltet be got lodging at an hotel, which be was told was jast the kind of abode for people who take a fancy to be miserable. The landlady was an ex ceedingly merry, sweet-tempered person, and the barmaid—there is always a barmaid in a tale of this character— was as bright as a Btreak of sunshine. It was, perhaps, be cause the Government servant did not see much of this gaiety that he did not feel seriously distressed abont it. His Interviews with tbe landlady were short and his con versations with the miBfiie behind the counter shorter, The barmaid, dear girl, saw that tbe visitor had some secret grief which needed to bd assuaged by conversation, and when Bhe did Ret hold of him she dbmI to launch out a little in the way of gossip. Amongst other subjects on which she ex patiated was that of her neighbors — x f mi ? ful one to barmaids all tbe world over— and in spite of himself the Olvil servant fouud that the fair one's gossip wss worth listening to, for it gave him a sort of in* sight into human nature. To make a long story short, our friend was a cured man immediately after he entered that hotel. He has learned to mop whiskey by the tumbler since his tonr, and a little biid whispers that the Govern ment officer intends to embark in marriage blisi, and that his bride Is to be— well, who ? —why the woman who aroused him from his morbid lethargy and brought about a reformation in bis character. Of oonrse if ho gets tbe sack before May next the pros pectire bride may elcer her mind. The suggestion of the Maritime Con ference to place a light on Cape Pillar is a good one if it can be carried to a successful issue. The late Captain Stanley, R.N„ who took a deep interest in coast lightin?, de voted k considerable limo to inspecting the neighborhood cf '? Tbo i illar' with a view of finding out whether it was praotloable to plant a mariner's beacon light on the pre cipitous heights. The opinion arrived at by the captain was that the altitude of Oape Pillar was sueh that at periods of the year any light erected on the summit would be bnri;d in the thick mists that over shadow the bleak and unpromising promon tory that acts as one ot the sentinels to tbe approach of that former abode of evildoers, Port Arthur. Nautioal men who h ave navigated tbe coast for years past oonslder that the Hippolyte Book that brought abont the downfall of the ill-fated Tasman wonld be the most suitable spot for a new .light to guide mariners making the grim old cape from the northwards. The Hobart Marine Board are always open to suggestions, .and if it ia absolntely necessary that a light should go np on Oaps Pillar one may very safely wager that it will be there. i A man suddenly expired in a street in 1'ahs, andi the Do.iy was identified by a woman as tl-at of ber husband. It was convoyed to her house an.l placed u]-on the bed, around which ehe lit candles. While praying over the body, Bhe was thunder struck at seeing her real husband walk into the room, the body turning out to be that of a firanger. While a priest was addressing a congrega tiou at N'imeK. the pulpit suddenly fell for warJ, cnisljJDg his legs, three persons ia the from seats bving injured by the falling stonce 