[COMPLETE STORY.] TILL DEATH US DO PART, K, ASHE KING, Author of "Lore the Debt," "A Brawn Game," " The Wearing of the Green," &c.;, &c.; [All Queensland Riairrs Besehved.] " The insolent beast!" cried Philip Crowest, flinging upon the breakfast table a letter he : had opened eagerly and read at a single and a I furious glance. His wife, whoso face was like I plaintive music exquisitely sweet and sad, looked np with the scared oxpression of a child that shrinks from an upraised hand. A few short months of marriage to this man had aged her by as many years, and seemed to hare blotted out from her face and from her life for , over the light not of joy only, or only of peace, but even of hope. She read on the inside of the portal of j mozriago what is written on the outside of the gateofhcll: "Lasciate ogni eperanza voi chT ontrate"—" All hope abandon ye who enter here." Nor was unmitigated misery made less poignant by the reflection and the remorse that it was wholly her own work. She had rejected for this selfish, sordid savage, a man whom she now knew to be as noble as her husband was base; and because this man—Hugh .Arnold— -haunted her thoughts by day~*nnd her" dreams by night, she dared not permit herself even to see him. When her abject husband for his own purposes would have forced her into a renewal of her intimacy with Hugh Arnold she recoiled and refused, and clung to her decision with the desperate grasp of the drowning. "If I begged you not to sec him, you'd I elope fast enough," her husband sneered, savagely, "that is if he'd elope with yon. You think ho wants to, do you ? And you're I such a saint that you'll keep yourself and him out of the temptation. But I can tell yon, you need not be in the least alarmed, for he knows J what an escape he has had. I only wish to God I had had it!" Lmust here explain at once the brute's re quest to his wife to renew her intimacy with Hugh Arnold, and his reason fur his fury at the obstinacy of her refusal. Being an in veterate and unfortunate gambler ho was slowly getting, go to say, strangled by pecuniary embarrassments for years past. Since his marriage he had applied for help to Hugh Arnold, who had more than once, and more than liberally, responded to tbeso appeals for Mrs. Crowest's sake. As, however, Crowest in each case bad lost the greater part of tho "loan" in an attempt to retrieve former gambling losses either at the cardtable, on the racecourse, or on the Stock Exchange, Hugh was convinced of the hopelessness of helping so infatuated a gambler. Hence the cart and cutting letter of refusal which made Crowest exclaim this morning, "The insolent beast! " After a moment's moody reflection he sprung up, leaving his breakfast unfinished, and strode i to and fro for some time in great agitation. ! Suddenly he stopped behind his wife's chair, i put liia hand ronghly on her shoulder, and oried— "Look here. If I can't lay my hands on £1,500 before to-morrow, I shall be in gaol to-morrow night. Do you hear? In gaol— in gaol—in gaol!" he reiterated, shaking her by the Bhoulder at each repetition of the word. She looked np at him in a state of semi stupefaction—like that of a mouse between a cars paws—which his fits of fury (ever since he | had struck her in one of them) always brought "And it's your doing, confound you. If you'd kept up your friendship with him, he'd | have helped me now," he shouted, giving her | a final and most violent shake, when he strode i to the door, wrenched it open, and banged it I behind him. ! How long she 6at there—cold, white, and i Iifclcs'S as a marble statue—she conld not tell | i before he returned with a letter he had just written in liis hand. " Look here. Bertha, I've been a brute to yon; but you have no idea how I bavo been I worried almost to madness of late. Will you I forgive me as you'd forgive a dying man; for you'll never see me again." " You're—you won't " "No, no. I'm only going away for ever; I most go. You forgive me ? Say you forgive me!" " Yes," she said, speaking as she felt though she were in a dream. He stooped and kissed her chill lips, and then handed her tho letter he had just -written, saying in the most matter of fact tone:— "Enclose this to Arnold, with a few lines from yourself asking him to look after the matters mentioned in it for your sake. Good bye!" and, stooping to kiss her, he harried headlong from the room. He was gone beyond recall before she ca folly to herself; and then his disappearance ! filial her with such fears that she was glad of the excuse he had given her to write to Hugh. She said only in her note that her husband had left her that morning for ever on account of some impending trouble which he had not con fided to her, but which, perhaps, the enclosed letter from him would explain. "Would Hugh with his usual kindness look after the business matters mentioned in it for her? chc felt so wholly helpless and bewildered that she must have appealed to him even if ohq did not know how it was almost a kindness to him to ask him to do a kindness. Having written this letter, she posted it with lier own hand, and then returned with a sooth ing certainty that all which conld be done would be done by Hugh. When Hugh next morning saw her hand on the envelope of a bulky letter bis heart stood still; for she was and would be always the one woman in the world for him. It was some little time before he could open the envelope -with trembling fingers, only to find her note a 1 mere invoice, so to say, enclosing a letter from her scoundrel of a husband. Perhaps his intense disappointment predisposed him to take the worst view of Crowest's lotter, which announced that gentleman's intention to ooxnmit suicide in mid-channel off the Dover and Calais packet, and abjured Arnold for Bertha's Bake to pay next morning to his em ployers the £1,500 he had embezzled, and to keep both the embezzlement and the suicide, sacredly secret. " Swindling scoundrel!" exclaimed Hugh. "He has no more intention of committing 8aicide than I have. It is a mere and poor ruse to get £1,500 out of me, and to keep him self out of gaol." Then he sat down to his breakfast with his newspaper, after the manner of bachelors, propped up against the teapot. Almost the very first news which caught his eje was a telegram running thus:— " SAD FATALITY AT SEA.—Last night, when the Dover and Calais pocket, Victoria, was in mid-channel, a gentleman—who was identified by his derelict luggage as 'Mr. Philip Crowesfc, The Grange, Altborough,'— was seen by the roan on tho lookout cither to fall or to fling himself overboard. Tho man flung a life- buoy, gave tho alarm, and had the engines at once stopped; but as the vessel was going at full speed, the night was pitchy dark, and the sea unusually rough, there was from the first no hope of saving the ill-fated gentle man." Hugh sprang up from his untasted break fast, and hurried- off in a hansom for the Altborough station. Ho caught an express which took him to that town in a little more than au hour, and within less than two hours 1fcbm~Ius"*reading tho telegram ho was in the office of Crowest's employers. Having made himself responsible to them for Crowest's defalcations on condition that they kept them rigidly secret, he made nil haste to The Grange. "Ho was at once admitted to see Bertha, whose changed appearance so shocked him that he really forgot for the moment the news he came to break to her. However, there was no need to break it, as Bertha had heard it already. " It was kind of you and like you to come," she said, looking up into his face with a timid and touching thankfulness which brought the tears to Hugh's eyes. Could this be tho high spirited girl ho had trembled before a few months since ? How infernal the brutality which had broken body and spirit 60 quickly and so completely! As days and weeks and months went by, however, Hugh had tho inexpressible happiness to see her come more and more to her own old self—as a flower beaten down by the • storm lifts its head slowly and one by one unfolds its petals to the sunshine. Hugh loved her still! Tbiswnsthesoleaecret of her recovery. Ho word of love passed between them during all these months, but they read each other's heart in the eyes, and never wearied of tho tale told there. At length Hugh*said to her one day quigtly, "I think it might be soon now, dear." She never doubted or affected to doubt his meaning. "When you wish, dear," she answered, blushing, indeed, but without averting eyes that looked their trustfulness into his. So the wedding-day was fixed, and Hugh returned to town that evening walking on air. "Please, sir, a man has been to see you and wished to waithere until you returned; but he looked so disreputable that I told him to call again." When he called again Hugh at sight of hi"* sank back in his chair and buried hisv head in both his hands with his arms resting' on the table. His groan of despair almost moved Crowest to pity. "It's all ri', old man," he hiccoughed, for he had become a confirmed drunkard. "You can marry her. I'llgormder. Honest Indian I" Later on in the evening he confessed with drunken frankness that he had heavily bribed the lookout man to stow him away and declare that he had seen him fall, or fling himself, overboard. Finally, Hugh agreed to pay tho scoundrel a certain sum weekly so long only as he kopt his existence a secret from his wife. Next morning, after a night of agony and self conflict which aged him by many years, Hugh returned to tbo Grange, looking the mere ghost of his yesterday's self. " Oh, Hugh! What is it ? What has happened ?' cried Bertha at sight of his drawn and haggard face. He took her in his arms and kissed her again and again in a sort of frenzy of love and of despair. "It's good bye !" he gasped with a dry sob, which from so strong a man was very pitiful. An—an entanglement of my youth which I thought I had got rid of for over, has returned as from tho gravo to separate us!" "Hugh!" she cried, grasping the lappels of his coat, and lirting her white adjuring face to his. 44 He has come hack I" 4 4 How —Has he V' 44No; but only that could part us! Only that! Only that! Oh, my God!" and she sank on her knees, and from her knees prone and prostrate in a faint npon the floor. She was vory ill for months, and it was rather Hugh's visits than the doctor's which kept her alive and brought her slowly back to health. When convalescent she was ordered to the sea, and Hugh got her rooms at Scarborough, and saw her settled in thcra, and returned to London with a promise to be back within a week. And this week she divided into hours, and her only pleasure wnstowatch them pass and to think that he is so much nearer to me now. With what a happy beating heart did she read and.re-read the telegram announcing his coming when hardly half these crawling hours had passed ! When she met him at the station he said with eyes made solemn by tho sight of death, and such a death! 44 He's gone, dear! He wished to see yon hut it was too late. Too late! " ho repeated, with a shudder, for tho horrors of Crowest's death from drink haunted him. A year later Bertha sold to her husband, what perhaps, is as truo as tho converse sung by Dante, Chaucer, and Tennyson, 141 don't think, dear, anyone can know what real happi ness is who has not known real wretchedness." t [The Em] 