CONCERT AT THE PRENTICE ! FREEHOLD. :.m; NoTwiTiiSTANDiKd. tho unfavourable;,; wonthbr and tho counter attractions " on Tuosday ovoning thoro was a fair attendance at tho conoort givou in tho Presbyterian eburob, Prontice Froohold, in aid of tho funds of tho Excolsior Oriokot Olub. Tlio organ- izors aro to bo congratulated upon tho taste displayed in decorating tho building, and upon tlio manner in whioh tlio ontortainmont was com! no ted. Tho first portion of tlio pro- grammo consisted of a minstrel ontor tainmont in whioh Mr. A. E, Hounslow noted as interlocutor, and .Messrs. . . Thonmino nnd O'Connor as t.amhorino . and bonos. Although somo of tho ... jokes had a musty flavour, still upon . . tbo whole tho comio husinoss was got , through satisfactorily. Tlio opomng chorus, " Tho Goldou Sword " by tlio company wiis given in a phasing- f nmnnor. Air. Robinson- roooivod do- sorvod appliiuso for his song " Out on tlio Doop " and tlio samo may bo said with regard to Mi'. T. Prontioo's rondoring of " Homo/ hoys, homo." ;G) Atr. BurgoBH gavo " Tho Littlo Horo," and Mi-. T. Doylb, " Tlio loHsons whioh I learned on iMothor's -knoo," while tlio oomiu olomont was supplied by Air. Thonmino, who sang " If she told mo to go to Jorioho," and All-. O'Con-, nor who oroatod laughter, by " What makes you turn your hoho up Sally?" Tbosooond part of tlio ontortainmont was opened by Alr. Tliomus who sang "Tho piotnro turnod towards tho wall," and in reBpouso to 'an onooro gavo " Bryan O'Lymi " in capital stylo. Later on tho samo gentleman was hoard to ndvanlago in "Happy' Moments," and was again oncorod. , Mr. Robinson mado a hit by tlio man- nor in whioh ho gavo " Airs. 'Eury 'Awkins," followed by " I have . workod oicrht hours this dnv " wliinii also mot with warm marks of ap- - , proval. from tho nndionoo. Mr. D. ' Scott gavo a recitation in an ablo mannor, whilo " Cabby knows his faro " was dono full justioo to by Air, T. Doylo. The; remaining items of. tlio progi-ammo wore — a ghost soug by Air. RurgcsB, " Tho groon Bhores of Erin " by Air. Oavanagh, and a song and danoo by Mr. O'Connor. ' ' 