Religious. THE REV. JOHN MCNEILL SYDNEY. IN •(Br " CBDKKBCSH" IN TUB A. 0. World.). How the people poured into the great Exhibition Building in Prince Alfred Park on Sunday afternoon 1 It was a baptismal serrice. , At first the tain sprinkled playfully, and finally it poured.' But the people came all the same atad from the standpoint of numbers the; McNeill-Burke mission in Sydney "became an assured success straightaway. '^Whenever I see a crowd gathered to hear the gospel," Mr. McNeill once told an interviewer, " I begin to thank God there and then.. I don't postpop6 my thanks until I Bee what are called results. He will get His own; and I would rather have my work to bulk bigger after I am gone, by results steadily coming to the light in the way of applications to ministers for admission to church membership on the part of people who were neither ticketed nor counted, and in the way of changed lives exhibited by others, than to have a grand numerical result, that begins to change and shrink before the evangelist has gone a week." This is probably the philosophy of Mr. Mc- Neill's success. Nearly every newspaper in Australia during the past few weeks has been attempting to explain in cold type, the secret of the great E teacher's power. There is no secret, ut there is a philosophy, and it is the philosophy of common sense. Mr. Mc- Neill is a blunt-spoken, burly Scot, bounteously spiced with natural Irish humour, blessed with a genial, eloquent face, and " PRACTICAL TO THE FINGEB-TTPS. There is nothing clerical about him, save his collar, .and that undoubtedly recommends itself as being preferable to the Gladstone brand in being impervious to the flabby saturating influence of the melting moments which a preacher of. Mr. McNeill'** vitality chronically experiences. As his eyes skim that vast floor of faces, and his fists dire first into thefurthest recesses of hiB capacious jacket pockets .and then into the sides of his trousers, and his enormous .shoul ders square thouisclvcs for action, an honest smile steals over Ills open countenance, and the audience is captivated once and for all; no matter what follows, you will not take it amiss. Instinct tells you he will hit hard, and instinct, is right He does hit hard— straight from the shoulder, or rather from the heart—and a blow from one of his clinched arguments, if it gets fairly home,, will make you wish, either that you. had taken a seat farther from' the platform, r or that he had singled out some other .victim. . But Mr. McNeill will never; evade you at the other, fellow's «xpensei He knows his: mark,and is ja too sure a marksman to miss.. His strong per- sonality-impel8;hitn to be personal. While-he preaches, his aadienoe consists of one individual—-but that individual is everybody who happens to he present, The beginning of salvation, he argues, is personal experience* With intense earnestness born of A NATUBE HIGHLY CHARGED with the. electricity of Holy Ghost unctioif/ ho seeks to magnify a personal liviiijj*{5aviqur as the -supreme need of the p£i&>jh&l; sinner.' " Utalefes youha\« turned bapk to Ghod,1rec&yed; Brpardon and heen saved yourselves,'' ho-cried out during the evening discourse ah^his voice pealed through .the buil- dibjjin tEuhdrous tones",you nave no pity, to spare for the most tattered harlot in the slums of Sydney. Keep your pity tojrourself! 'W^nd tjiere was withering force in the tone—X^or God's sake tind your o -n keep your pity. I.don't care how decent you are, and how much you aie'ablc to deplore the evils round abotic you tliat yoiilMve Ireptiplear of—if in the soul of . ou..you have not repented and gone back to God on your own feet, ymi have no sympathy to waste on any d-fmkard.'V j jln frothing ik the practieal side of "Mr.' McNeill's character; and j through that of his preaching, more noticeable than in .the revivifying touches which he gives the Bible narrative and Bible character. He is not simply live preacher, preaching to living mortals, but he treats every Bible character whom he introduces through his addresses as a flesh and blood man or woman living to-day, and thus clothes them with a living interest, Nor does he,, despise or neglect small things. There is no art about his preaching, consequently he has NO (TRICKS OF TRADE, but he has '' lived long enough," as he told us, " to know that this God of ours does not use our bigness or our mightiness <or our cleverness. He uses little things, wee things, foolish, things; so that when we have finished, God gets all the glory and not we." For this reasob he believed in making oolleotions' at every meeting. They might leave the big amount of the expenses till the close of the mission, and then let four or five wealthy generous men meet the bill; "but that would be bad for them and worse for you 1 We do not want anybody glorified over the head of this business." It is this shrewd discernment of the value of small things that enables Mr. McNeill to discover treasures of thought and truth where ; the average preacher would never dream of looking, and which largely helps to make up the sum of the preacher's, originality—for original Mr. McNeill most certainly isi He has been describe^ as resembling many eminent divines, but the resemblance is hard to find, unless it be that voice and expression give occasional FLASHING GLIMPSES OF C. H. SPUBGEON. His style differs from Mr. Moody's as wide as the poles. Mr. Moody has always in view the "after-meeting" and his preaching is therefore preliminary to the closer and more direct work of tlie inquiry-room. Mr. Mc- Neill seeks to convince and convict as he goes along, and so realises expectations with the minimum of excitement. Mr. J. H.JBurke represents the musical side of this Scotch-Irish combina 1 ion. He is the Sankey of the mission, though unlike that heavy-weight vocalist in most. respects. Mr. Burke has a light baritone voice, which he uses with pleasing skill and expression, and his interpretation of " Sacred Songs and Solos " should be a revelation to pretensively hyper-critical ^lenders, who sneer at " Sankey's " as a collection of tinpot melodies only suited to the requirements of the barrel- organ. RET. JOHN MCNEILL. MB. J. H. BUBKE. -x-.j.jga 