Sporting. NOTES BI "BEGINALD." By winning the Hurdle Race at Gundagai on Friday VVarbrook incurred a 71b penalty in the Tumut Hurdle Kace. This fetches the big horse's weight in the lattor event up to lO^t. 121b, and even with theoxtra pound i age what sort of a good thing does the | Tumut jumping race look for the son of Buzz? On being submitted to auction after win* | ning the Selling Race at Gundagai 011 Thurs-1 day Gqulbum found a now owner for £20, of I which a tenner reverted to the club. Little Mab, who annexed the Auction Stakos on the second day of the meeting, was bought ill by her owner for £0, all of which went to the club, as the little mare was entered for nil. At. Gundagai on Friday Glonord was woll backed for the Tumut Handicap, his closing prico being 3 to 1. The cause of Glenord being supported thus was the ridiculously easy way in whioh ho got away with the Gundagai Handicap, after traversing the twelve-furlong journey iu 2min. 40scc. He carricd 8st 71b and made a fool of Babette who only carried 5lb moro. Any horse that can make a hack of Babette 011 these terms as did the Murray gelding must needs be accordud the greatest respect for the future, and those who have already in vested in Glenord's Tumut chance have not, I fancy, made much of a mistake. He might of course be beaten, but at present the race in question looks very fair business for him. Aa was pretty generally thought when the weights appeared, the Hurdle Race at Gundagai on Friday turned out the best of good things for Warbrook. The big moun taineer played with his field until nearing. homo, when he ran to the front and won with a "ton" in hand by six or seven longths. Warbrook is just now very well and will need watching when ho Btarts in future, whether, it bo on tho flat or over hurdles. With reference to the licht burden allotted VVarbrook iu tho Hurdle Race at Gundag*i, the handicapper (Mr. J. Price) assured me on enquiry that he had no notion that the gelding had won at Towong when he handicapped him. Mr. Price framed the Gundagai weights before Towong results had time to reach him. Thus it was that VVarbrook got in so well. Unless I am greatly mistaken, there was a champion unearthed at Gundagai last week. X ullude to an aged bay gelding named Led Astray, said to bo by Bluegown from a Snowden mare. On the first day of the meeting ho went to the front at the fall of the ilag in the Stewards' Handicap, one mile, and never giving his opponents the ghost of a chance, he won by any number of lengths in tho capital time of Imin. 43lsco. Then, on tho second day, in tho Town Plate, 1£ mile, he pursued the same tactics as on the first day, with the result that ho beat both Geraldine and Babette like hacks, and got to the end of tho journey, without being ex tended at any part of it, in 2min. l(Hsec. When I state that Babette was hopelessly beaten in the latter event six furlongs from kome, and finished about fifty yards behind the winner, some idea can be gained as to the galloping ability of Led Astray. He certainly only put up light burdens, but, as he won in such a hollow fashion, it is not easily to de termine what amount of poundage would have been likely to bring him back to the lob that opposed him at Gundagai. Led Astray, is a tremendous lengthy gelding, and, altogether, is nicely put together. He has been racing now for a number of years and only recently started in and won a hack race at Jugiong, Ho was, I believe on offer not long since for a tenner, but nobody seemed anxious to become possessed of him even at that small sum. Properly trained, Led Astray will, I feel sure, win many mother good handicap before ho retires, from the turf. His legs are as sound as a bell, and he looks one of those hardy little sustomers that will keep training on and never be sick or sorry a day. Notwithstanding the intense heat that prevailed, the annual meeting of the Gun dagai Raciug Club which eventuated on Thursday and Friday last was fairly well ittended on both days. Tho fields were large as a rule, and the quality of the com* petitors if anything, above the average, rite stifling weather greatly interfered with the pleasure of the outing, but withal, tho sport was both interesting and enjoyable. The club's officials one and all did well at their posts, the secretary (Mr. R. H. New man), being especially deserving of credit for the way he got through his arduous duties. Mr. Newman is but a new hand ^t bho game, but shaped so well on this, his first attempt at the business, that tho club may bo congratulated on securing such a sapablo man to engincor its affairs. Fast times were the order at tho Gundagai meeting. As the clipping goes one after the other were being recorded people were heard to say that tho course was 11 shrunk," dis tance uot thero, etc. When Led Astray put up 2min. lOAsec. for 10 furlongs, a heated discussion ensued, the doubters being very much in evidence on the mbject. All those who had. misgivings were, however, silenced by an old Gundagai sportsman, who has for the best part of his life been associated with horseracing, and who is well acquainted with the course. He offered to bet £100 to £10 that every dis tance marked on the track was correct, and iibout the mile and a quarter he had not the 3hadow of a doubt, it having often been measured by him and others. From Gundagai I landed back in time on Saturday morning to see some Interesting work on the local training ground. Rose leaf and Clearlight galloped a round of the course proper in company, finishing together. I clocked the run 2min. 44sec., which is only fair time for the journey, and both appeared to have it all on. Both daughtorB of Sunrise pulled up decidedly lame, and still show signs of soreness. It ia doubtful if either will stand winding up for their Albury and Tumut engagements, but let's hope that they will. Horizon (shoeless) led Ready Money (boots on) all the* way over a mile and a quarter. The latter's finish was any thing out an artistic one, but it should be remembered that experieuce has taught us to take no notice whatever of his track form. The Poll Mell filly, minus her shoes, easily shook off Camilla, who carried her irons, at the winning end of a ten-furlong gallop, run in moderate time. Orest jumped the schoolers in good style, and Rosy Morn was too good for Sunflower in a smartly run five furlongs. Oval, looking a much improved mare, put in some half-pacing, but none of tho others wore responsible for anything worth recording. Menanglo made his first public appear ance as a hurdlechaser at Gundagai on Friday, and shaped really well for a be ginner.. 1 The shifty black forgot to jump, however, at one obstacle and carried a pannel of it away, but fortuuatcly did no further damage. Menanglo should, when properly educated, win a jumping race. Because of his Gundagai Handicap viotory, Glonord has, according to tho conditions of the race, incurred a 5lb penalty in tho I Tumut Handicap. Glenord's weight in tho latter event now stands at Sst Sib. Mr. George Davis, owner of Tim Swiveller, I has determined to test tho general opinion ! of the members of the Victoria Racing Club concerning tho disqualification of his horse for the last Caulfield Cup. Last week I found time to pay tho old fashioned town of Gundagai a visit, on tho occasion of tho local racing club's annual meeting. I had not been in Gundagai for pigh on twelve years,, and during that time a'great change has camo over tho scono. A number of new and haudsoma buildings have been Greeted in tho prinaipal thorough fares of . tho to\Vn. Tho racecourse and its surroundings have also received any amount of attention of Iato years. Tiicrc is now a snug and couvcnieut little saddling paddook in which is ereotod in a good position a natty little stand. Altogether the arrangements for carrying out the sport are as perfect in Gundagai as anywhere else about tho country. During my stay in tho ancient town 1 was ploasod to moot and renew acquaintance with old friends to whom I have good reason to bo thankful for many little courtesics. ,His many friends will bo glad to learn that ,my old "boss" and good friend, Mr. J. Leary, is still halo aud hearty, and looks good for quite a number of years yet Mr. Leary is one of tho old school of sportsmen, who delights in having a galloper or two in the stable, and hogenerally keops somothing in that lino in thoboxes behind tho Criterion Hotel, which woll-known hostolry has now beon occupied by him for 2! years. I should mention that tho Gundagai Racing Club has recently spent upwards of £400 in making improvements to its oourso, and it is considored that that body has a prosperous careor boforo it. It is to bo hoped, if only for the sake of old times, that all such in stitutions will keep flourishing. 