BRITISH Ah? FOREISft The Queen presented two Sidles to the Duchess of York. One is mahog^^ with gold, and is upholstered in pal*. -^,7 brocade, flowered in pink. The other lb 'l,® bassinette which was used for all the Queen- 8 children, and bears a silver inscription td that effect. It is of white wood, and is fitted with white satin and Honiton lace. The Royal baby was inundated with presents* | including any numoer oi embroidered net for keeping the flies # from his face. When only a week old the infant was taken into the garden. The baptismal water was brought for the purpose from the Jordan. . Tbe DuchcBS of Tcck is the only lmng member of the lloyal family who attained the dignity of a grandmother under -30. Tbe Duke of York laid the memorial-stone of the new Cripplegatc Institute in Golden lane, for the erection of which Charity Commissioners made a grant of £40,000. N The boy-King of Spain has been provided with a coBtly toy in the shape of a juvenile regiment. Four hundred children, ranging in age from 5 to 8, have been gathered and provided with miniature rifles and a uniform. The King amuses himself by drilling the baby battalion. The Americans are placing a memorial window to the poet John Keats in Hamp stead Parish Church. Tbey arc also pro viding the memorial beacon to Tennyson in the Isle of Wight. A Caxton window has been placed in the Stationers' nail. The Midland liailway Company now run a dining-car in their Scotch express for the joint use of third-clasp and first-class pas sengers. The Great Western now run corridor trains between London and Swansea. A train is now run on the Great Eastern Erom Chelmsford to the North of England to form an outlet for Essex fruit and vege tables, which liave hitherto been sent merely to the London markets. Tbe Qniea's breeding stud at Hampton Court has been disposed of by auction, the 7G horses realising an average of rather over 200 guineas cach. one colt fetching 1050 guineas. At a sale of pictures belonging to the late Mr Adrian Hope, Bembrandt's portrait of Nicholas Ruts sold for 4700 guineas ; tbe ' Flute Player,' by Gerald l)ou, went for 3500 guineas; the 'Head of a Girl,' by Greuze, 2900 guineAs ; and a 'Wild Boar Hunt,' by llubens, 1600 guineas. The small trinkets belonging to tho paupers who die in the Bolborn Union are melted down yearly. Tbe melting proccas has just taken place, and produced a bar of gold worth aboot £40. An electric railway will run to the summit of Snowdon on the Llanbcris side. The whole of the t6planadcat Hastings, a distance of three miles, is now lighted oy electricity. llcccnt statistics show that single women between the ages of 15 and 45 are really less numerous than the bachelors of that age, Old women are, however, mucb more numerous than old men. A single woman, oged 22, appeared before a Dondon magistrate and asked for the bounty to which she was entitled from having been born in prison. Bhe bad recently been informed that a lord left a will by which every child born in prison was entitled to a farthing a day during life, and which would make her entitled to 8000 farthings- The magistrate informed the applicant that he had never heard of such a bequest. The latest thing in automatic machines is an automatic gallows. The condemned criminal steps upon a certain place in the scaffold. His weight releases a flow of water, which rcleaBcs a spring, which in its turn permits the f.'rop to fall. Thirty-focr executions have taken place by its means in Colorado, but the people of Connecticut object to its introJuctiou on the ground that the State has no right to make a man commit suicide. Some boys latliiDg at Kirkwall noticed a whale coming towards them. One lad made for the shore, and, procuring his pocket-knife, fatally stabbed the whale, which, on being liaulcd ashore, was found to measure 8ft. Bees in thousands invaded a confectionery manufactory in the North of London, causing the workpeople to beat a retreat, In a short time the insccis got hopelessly drunk on the liquid sugar, and were swept into pails. , excellent brecdiug ground. I The silkworm is in Bomc danger of being I superseded. Artificial Bilk is actually being I produced at Bradford from very ordinary fibre, the proccss having been discovered I by a Swiss chemist. I A male somnambulist had a narrow cscapc ? ! at Preston. Uc was observed by a signal* : ; man in the dead of the night walking along ? j the line in his sleeping attire. At first the | man was thought to be a ghost, but on coming near he was found to be fast asleep i and snoring soundly. The Supreme Court of Virginia has given ? a decision allowing women to practise law, which the Legislature has persistently de clined to permit. A man in France U said to be 120 years : old. He accounts for his longevity by the privations of his youth, followed in after life b\ abstinence from intoxicating liquors and other excesses of all kinds. A Parliamentary return shows that last year 50,896 persons in Great Britain returned their incomes undtr £150 per annum ; from £150 io £200, NM.926 were a«scfscd ; £200 to £300. 111.715; £300 to £400, 48.238; £400 to £.'»U0, 79.583 ; £900 to £1000, 2195 ; 71 individuals were reported to be in the enjoyment of £50,000 a year and upwards. 