CHAPTER VI. Warned by his experience at Punta Arenas, Rupert had made it a point to speak of their going ashore at the next port as a matter of course ; and when Betty smilingly reminded him of his hasty admission that he never set foot in these places where he could possibly help it, protesting that he must not sacrifice himself on her account, he had even the grace to lie valiantly, declaring that at La liberie he had business to call ashore. _ A strong breeze was driving the clouds, like a flock of clean-washed sheep, across the pale-blue field of the sky, and the ship was rolling on a long, heavy swell, as she came to anchor in the open roadstead off the little port. The ladder accommodation-ladder was not lowered from the ship's side at all. The trio of disconsolate passengers who came out from the shore, a couple of tawny, scantily-clothed women, and a man of the ideal brigand type sheltering under the folds of a striped serape, were ignominiously hustled on board along with the freight that came with them in the great lurching lighter ; and the few who listlessly loitered about the decks, as they looked across the surging waters at the little huddle of build- ings dwarfed to puny insignificance against the grand background of shadowy blues and pinks and grays clothing the ragged heights of old San Vincent San Miguel, evinced no smallest desire to tread the soil of Salvador. Small-craft, fair-weather idlers, cared not to venture forth in such a sea, and the ship was left alone save for that one lighter, whose crew was performing miracles in the trans- fer of its quota of freight, while another sturdy consort could be seen approaching, laden to the gunwale with plump little sacks of coffee. As if in mad joy to find them- selves free of the swarm of small craft that on some days speckled the bright surface like a swarm of gad flies, the great waves plunged heavily shoreward, climbing one another's shoulders, lashing each other on to crazier effort, as if they would raze the poor little place from off the earth ; roaring in sullen rage as they beat their strength upon the shifting sand, but to be drawn help- lessly back again by the mighty power that swayed them. Betty, who had resigned herself to staying on board as a matter of course, was all the more surprised and delighted when Rupert came to tell her that they still might go. She was full of girlish delight in novelty, with an eager curiosity to see all that the hour might be holding out to her ; and moreover the unaccustomed rolling had contributed to a growing discomfort that made the prospects of feeling solid earth beneath her feet seem of all things the most to be desired. ' I am afraid that you will find it a little rough,' Rupert observed deprecatingly, as he led the way below. ' If it had been smooth we might have had the captain's gig.' ' Oh, I don't mind that in the least,' Betty stoutly declared. But she was to discover that she did mind it when she had finally come to the open freight port through which they must go, and surveyed the rude waves thrusting their might between the ship and that lighter bobbing alongside. As the two had for an instant bumped greeting, Rupert had quickly jumped, landing ignominously on all-fours on the uneven footing of bales and boxes in the lighter ; and now he stood holding up his arms to catch her when her opportunity should come. But Betty hung back, limp and helpless, in nervous terror whimpering a protest which wind and waves united to snatch from the ears for which it was meant. But the hands of the sturdy first officer fell upon her with business-like im- perturbability. What to him was a pretty girl with her nervous whims save one more passenger sent by an inscrutable Providence to make more trouble for the officers of the Pacific Mail Steam Ship Company ? He caught Betty up and tossed her down to the waiting arms alongside as lightly as if she had been a sack of coffee ; and he would have been glad if he could as easily have disposed of all the womankind on board. ' It is only the first step that costs. All the rest is plain sailing, you see,' said Rupert, cheerily, trying to make her comfortable in the stern of the rough craft. ' Oh, yes,' with an uncertain, white-lipped smile, casting apprehensive glance around. ' Only, you know——' ' You agree with Emerson, perhaps, that the sea-taste is acquired, like that for to- matoes and olives ; and your taste is not cultivated in that direction up to the point of appreciating life on the ocean wave in a craft like this,' he comfortably observed. ' Have you noticed this boat, by the way ?—that it is carved out of one enormous log, all in one piece ? It is like a sort of Brobdingnagian banana skin.' ' Yes,' murmured Betty, vaguely, grown very white. She had imagined the sea rough from the decks of the Southern Cross, but now she felt that she had really known no- thing about it until this. Everything was within her small sickened body seemed sinking down, down, a nausea unutterable creeping after, as the great clumsy boat went wriggling down the mountain of waters, as if it would never stop short of the bottom of the sea, but to fetch up short with a jerk that was a fresh grievance, ere it started to climb the next glittering hill, whose sullen height the scantily-clothed boatmen were imperturbably attacking with their prepost- erous paddles. But one other passenger kept them company, a young Englishman, his beefy and otherwise good-humored face dis- torted with a morose scowl due to the effort to keep his glass properly fixed on one eye, Beyond a mumbled drawl to the effect that it was ' rawther rough,' this young man had nothing to say, appearing absorbed in re- garding with a ruminating stare this strange young woman who was composedly facing the world unattended by either chaperon or maid. Betty, sitting with white, compressed lips, felt that if she must be reduced to the last humiliating abandon of sea-sickness under the battery of that round unwinking gaze, she must simply pray for death. ' One gets a new idea of the courage of those Spanish pirates who first explored the coast, with the sea like this,—don't you think ?' queried Rupert, with laughing eyes, after a comprehensive glance at Betty, quietly returning his unlighted cigar to its case, and the case to his pocket. His theories as to sea-sickness rather foreshadowed the mind-cure doctrines of a later date ; and he was bent on diverting her attention from her- self. ' One old fellow, Andreas de Nino was his name, I always like to read about,' he went on ; ' he worshipped God and Mammon with such naive simplicity and high-handed success. He had a little way of landing here and there and sending word to the native chiefs that unless they and all their people at once embraced the faith of Jesus Christ and handed over their idols,—which happened to be made of the purest native gold, you under- stand,—incidentally, as it were owning allegiance to the Sing of Spain, they should be attacked and forthwith wiped from off the face of earth. With that persuasive manner of his, his missionary success was simply prodigious, his baptisms footing up to thou- sands a day upon occasion. One is rather filled with ungodly wonder as to how he managed it,—if he was compelled to round them up and drive them all into the sea in a bunch. However, he was a man of large re- sources, and the good work went on some how ; while at the same time you comprehend, he was laying up for himself treasure upon earth, in a miscellaneous lot of golden bric- a-brac, which must have been eminently gratifying to his righteous soul.' ' Yes,' without exhibiting remotest interest in the missionary labors of Andreas de Nino. But Rupert was not to be discouraged. ' One rather wishes, reading the adventures of the pious old fraud, that a nice lively earthquake might have been moved to get in its work just when he happened along at some of these places where they make a specialty of earthquakes,' he cheerfully ob- served. ' Are you sure that they are not getting up one for us ?' something like whimsical amuse- ment upon her face as her eyes dizzily ranged over the land ahead. ' The place looks to me horribly unsteady, don't you know. It re- minds me of that verse of the Psalms : ' What aileth thee, O thou sea, that thou fleddest ? —ye mountains, that ye skipped like rams, and ye little hills like lambs ?' Rupert laughed, boyishly pleased at having induced her to talk. ' How well you said it !' he exclaimed, with smiling approval. ' Did your father promise you a gun if you would read the Bible through ?' ' Mercy ! no ! What a question !' con- siderably surprised. ' Well, my father did ; but,' heaving a large sigh, ' I never got the gun' ' I might be sure of it,' with something like the ghost of her every-day laugh, where- at Rupert beamed, delighted : Betty was forgetting to be sea- sick. But on and on, climbing, pushing, beating its way ever forward somehow, the sturdy craft had crawled shoreward, until safely it was alongside the great iron pier. But here was a fresh shock of surprise for unhappy Betty as her dizzy eyes were raised to see the strange vehicle that came rattling down to receive them, from what seemed an ap- palling distance. It seemed to be simply four wooden arm-chairs fastened back to back, in pairs, the smooth seats appearing as if especially calculated to spill unwary pas- sengers into the yawning depths below at the smallest untoward movement. There had been nothing in the landing at Punta Arenas to prepare her for this. ' Oh, what on earth possessed me to come !' she miserably groaned, turning up to Rupert a white appealing face as he lifted her into one of the swaying seats and placed himself beside her. ' Don't be frightened, child,' laying his hand over hers with a close reassuring pressure that surprised her into silence. ' It is not half so bad as being hung, you see,' as they went swaying upward until, with a somewhat startling jerk, they were drawn upon the pier. ' Thank heaven, it is over !' cried the girl, giving her skirts a little shake, and feeling over hat and hair with swift feminine pats, as to assure herself that she was still clothed and in her right mind. ' And, thank heaven, we are clear of that crowd of people for a while !' with no less fervor, glancing back at the ship with a grin almost vindictive. In his mind's eye he could see Dick Hazelton disconsolately leaning over the ship's side, measuring with baffled glances the stretch of waters that had been put between him and Betty Malcolm ; and the thought was unction to Rupert's soul. In the complex mystery of man's nature there is a subtle unreasoning force that instinctively turns him more or less against his fellows in respect to the woman who may have touched his own heart, if but ever so little. Rupert, who had felt im- pelled to assume the defensive against Dick Hazelton from a sense of duty towards his charge, had come to find a sort of savage joy in the contest for its own sake, as man against man. And, at the same time, his feeling towards Betty herself had been in- sensibly changing in the jealous sense of passion that, in the heat of the strife, had somehow seized upon him. ' But to think that in a little while we will have to go back !—have that dreadful trip over again ! Do you know, I can feel the motion of that horrible boat yet ?' with a tremulous smile. ' The ground is all rolling under my feet ; and if I close my eyes I can feel that awful wobbling,—that horrible sinking,—as if the land were all as unreal as a dream.' ' Poor little girl !' with quick concern al- most bordering on tenderness. She seemed such a fragile little thing, so fair and so helpless. ' I feel that I was a brute to have brought you,' he ruefully declared. ' Oh, don't say that !' her smile full of winning sweetness. ' I was dying to come ; and it was lovely of you.' ' How lovely of you to say so !' he laugh- ingly exclaimed, irrepressible joyousness in his face. He was full of boyish triumph in the success of this stroke against Hazelton. Rarely had he felt in such gay spirits. ' And , —I have an inspiration ?—we won't go back at all if you say so. What do you think of staying on and growing up with the country ?' ' But the country has so much the start of us,' Betty smilingly objected, enjoying his mood. ' It has already grown old.' ' Ah, it is like me,' he lightly retorted : ' it was never young. But perhaps if we stayed—quien sabo ?—the usual order of things might be reversed, and I might grow young with the country It seems very pos- sible just now, I assure you.' ' Ah, it would always be possible,' she oracularly declared, feeling herself won- drously at ease with him ; ' you would al- ways be young,—if you would only let yourself go.' ' How encouraging ! and how kind of you to say it ! But do you really think it would be wise, Betty ?' laughingly bending down to look under the brim of her wide hat. He hardly knew himself with the spirit of jollity that had taken hold of him. He vaguely felt he was playing a part ; but he enjoyed it. ' Because, do you know, in my present mood, if I should really let myself go, as you suggest, I am afraid I should never know where to stop.' An hour of the burning day had mercifully slipped away into the shadows of the past, and now its discomforts were almost forgot- ten in the fiercer fires of the noontime. It was the hour when, according to a local say- ing, only dogs, mozos, and Americanoes were to be seen upon the streets. All the mar- ket-folk had gathered up their unsold wares and contentedly straggled away to swelter through the long afternoon in luxurious siesta ; and the bare, hot streets were all as still as Pompeii after the eruption. Rupert and Betty, somewhat touched with the drowsy languor of the place were resting in a great, dimly lighted sala belonging to Rupert's agent at the place,—a man's parlor, lacking all the little feminine touches that give to bare rooms the look of home, but pleasant withal after the burning heat outside. They had exhaustively patronized the scantily equipped market-stands huddled together in the sun-baked plaza ; they had loitered in the shade of the bare little church, its altars clustered with the tawdry ornamentation of a childish and poverty-stricken people, ridic- ulous but for the simple faith that made it all pathetic ; they had furtively stared, with laughing criticism, at the queer costumes of the market-women, decorously assuming not to see the happy youngsters who flitted into the foreground of the scene quite au natural ; they determinedly blinked at all that was to be seen in the little place, unanimously agreed that it only differed from any other tropical town of its size in that it was a little more bare and unbearable in its white hot glare of untempered sunshine than any. ' You were horribly extravagant,' Betty remarked, with a smiling assumption of re- proof, her pleased eyes running over the acquisitions of the market-place spread out on a table,—a couple of carved calabashes, a queer little basket woven out of pale-green grasses, a delightfully hideous brown pottery water ' monkey,' and a quantity of fruit and flowers. ' I ought not to have let you get so much for me,' with faint regret ; ' but then, don't you know, it was something like patro- nizing a church fair. Those poor people so needed the money : it gave one such a com- fortable sense of benevolence to be buying something of them, aside from the pleasure of having the things.' (To Be Continued.) 