Iystery of Norman Chase. The bloom, the scent of flowers was everewbere. And everywhere was the brightness of beauty, thle rapture of youth, the happiness tbat comes of today, and thinks no evil of tomorrow, What ceed to dezcribe the loveliness then and there gathered as in a galaxy of delight ? Let the harvest moon brighten and fade upon these sleendours, it may look upon a more radiant and yet a sadd:r scene be fore the curtains of dawn arise. The lady of Norman Chase appears, and all is light, life, and gladness, for even the highest- bread people are apt to feel con strained when thus suddenly brouglht together in unusual numbers under a roof whose associations, to say the least, aire not quite familiar to them all. Yes, it was the Lady of Normon Chase. Not the desparate young damsel- of Emmerich school, wooed and won by that gallant Englishman, who, with hiss German masquerading, was of England, not the incipient chatelaine who looked up so wonderinglyin her father's face as they drove through Chasefield village, not the half amused, half-alarmed child who had been perplexed by the stranger's madness or eccentricity, or whatever she might choose toconsider it; not even that love-dreamer, or the seer of good sights and listener to strange strange sounds, who had played with the morning breeze, and made two innocent promises in one; but the Lady of Norman Chase, emphatically; the sole daughter and heiress of Norman Hedley, the girl who had a right to command and be obeyed. Her.father, takling her hand, led her towards a group of his guests, pride and love over-mastered for a moment by her apparent act of dis-obedience. * Where is the locket I gave you?' he asked in a low and somewhat irritable whisper. 'It is here, papa. I am wearing it,' she answered, pointing to the bright amulet of af fection adorning her Grecian throat. 'Two of themrn !' he said. 'It is not in good taste, Evelyn.' Half an hour elapsed and the enjoyment was high and bright at Norman Chase. Evelyn was stopped for a moment, after quitting a dance, by Mr. Mainwaring. 'You are wearing two lockets,' he said. 'Of all nights in the year-of all nights.io your life, you should have worn only one.' 'Then tell me what it means ?'she replied, so impetuously that a few well-bred tstares were levelled at her ; but Mr. Main waring had disappeared in the throng, and a new-comer drew off Evelyn's attention. This was Augusta Fairleigh, of whom the whole county had heard. It was the position in which she had been placed, however, far more than any indivi dual attrihutes of character, 'that 'rendered her an object of curious interest,. An orphan, young,: brillian!ly beautiful, charming in all'the graces ofmanner thdugh slightly spoiled by the indulgence of an eccentric usicle, she found herself at seven teen heiress of a great fortune, .without guoardian, trustees, or relative of -tny kind with the poter of controlling her, sole mistress of herself and her half million of money. The terms of her uicle's will were explicit, Miss Augusta Fairleigh was to be treated as of full age, on and after hei seventeenth birthday. No fatherly Lord Chalmberlain sat in his private room to regulate heg-allowances, no firm of grey headed solicitors interfered with her caprice, no banker could refuse to honour her cheque, even drawn in payment for a white elephant or a white cat ; above all, no expectant relations were there to meddle with the maiagement of the estate, which only a judgment in Lunacy could take out of her hands. And Augusta Fairleigh, willul as lovely, wayward as tascinating, was no simpleton; Only, she reflected : ' Mly poor uncle thought hB was giving the world a terrible warning against the folly of alloving young girls to have their own way when be left me these riches. I will prove that a ydung girl. can be generous and in dependent and fanciful if she chooses, with out being an idiot.' Augusta Fairleigh was the choisest friend, though no long acquaintance had existed between them, of Evelyn Hedley. Evelyn told her the story of the lockets. *They are trying to rnmystify you,' said the straightforward girl, ' But who is this Mr. Mainwaring?' 'An enigma,' was the answer. SHave you examined the second jewel as you did the first ?' No, Evelyn had not, The whisperers re treated into an orange-scented, fountain cooled, alcove and the scrutiny was made forihwith. This also resulted in an in scription, id plain English, however: 'For Evelyn-- " - Mr, Mainwaring was standing near; He now approached, and said, in a low tone, to Evelyn: SFrom this time your heart will be full of doubts, which I would gladly have spared yeou.' Sbhe had it in her mind' to ask him once more who was hie-what. was he to her, and what was she to iim, that he should thus stand in her path, as it were, with a beckon ing in his finger aud a warning in his voice at every turn? But the impulse passed away, and Augusta Fairleigh assisted its flight by saying: 'Herbert has come back from Germany. I mean young Leaholme; I forgot you did not know him; but he says he met you at Emmerich. They never visit here, he tells me.' The easy, familiar, self-assured manner with which this was said somewhat surprised the young heiress of Norman Chase. But bending over her fl-wers, that might at this moment have borrowed bloom from her face, she only replied: 'His father and-mine'-a pause sug gested by the strange language of the locket -'are not friends, I believe.' Then the festivities went on; the music. clashed, tthe dancers eddied in radiant circles, and Sir Norman's pride was complete when, as the doors closed upon the last of his guests, he imprinted a kiss upon the forehead of his fair child, saying : 'HEvelyn, I am prouder than ever, You have gladdened me to the heart to-night. I wish these were not a single one of your wishes that I could not adopt as a wish of my own also, Go to rest now, dearest, you are tired.' Yes, Evelyn was tired, and eager to be alone. But it was not all weariness that weighed her down as she laid aside heo robes, and stood dreaming before the mirror, without, this time, noticing, the pale, pasriocnate, balf proud, half tender face it reflcted. For another face, forbidden to her sight, was present, and-was there a dawn of jelalousy in the thought ?-another had been speaking to hier of Herbert Leaholne, who had spoken of her, perhaps only among the passing reminiscences of his exile, as no doubt a young lidy-a school-girl--whose acquaintanc me had nide at Emmerii.ch The idea nettled iher youthlul self-conscious nes in the extremen, and Ilut a cry of fear, a cry of agony, a cry as if torn from the depth of some living iheart iti mortal tortpre, cleaved, as it seemed, througb everywall, roof, floor, nod window of the mansion, pierced the darkness without, drove away all shadow, extinguished all light in an Instant in the mind of the startled girl; and then silence, equally sudden, even more fearful, fell through the gloom, bring ing with it a fear without a form, a horror without a name. CHAP'ER V. Norman Chase was now, assuredly, no place of whitspers. Terror and tumult raised their frantic voices in echo to that fearful cr from end to end of the immense mansion. For the fierce shriekl, hIalf of fury, half of despair, had broken equally upon the dreams and the meditations of all, with. out exception, who were, that night, beneath Sir Norman's roof. It reached Sir Norman himself, and he was among the first to be seen hurrying, as if, it seemed, he knew not whither, in answer to that appeal of almoost unearthly anguisb. It reached Mathew Drake in his seclusion at the fsr end of the eastern wing overlook ing the still, black pool, formerly called a lake, which the wayfarers from Chasefield avoided. Itreached, as we have seen, Evelyn in her chamber, while she was wilfully perhaps wantonly-mingling some hitter with hier love's young hope; and it brought the entire household, in various aspects of dread, horror, and bewilderment, to the great landing-place beneath the cen tral dome. SWhere did it come from?' asked forty voices, shouting like one. 'From the baronet's room I' 'From Mr. Mainwaring's !' ' From Miss Evelyn's 1' They might have been listening for the voice-not looking for the presence-of the Ghost of Hamlet's father--"'Tis here ! ' Tis there ! 'Tis gone !' At length Mr. Mathew Drake, who had kept himself calmer than the rest, interposed a remark, which proved his supreme sagacity. 'Of all the persons who retired,' he said, Mr. Mainwaring alone is absent. Suppose some of us go to his room. Not all of you, be cried, waving back a crowd of inferior servants, excited as much by fear as curiosity. 'Sir Norman, may I accompany you ? Miss Hledley, I would not advise your coming. It may be no scene for you.' The baronet, who shook as if a sudden ague had seized him, followed, instead of taking the lead. Evelyn, without so much as a look at her intrusive counsellor, took her father's arm as if to steady his footsteps, which, indeed, were tottering, like those of an octogenarian. They reached Mr. Mainwaring's apartment. The door stood wide open. Drake entered. The baronet and his daughter remained upon the threshold, as though prescient of some. thing terrible to be told in a moment,- yet daring, almost hoping, not to know it. An instant, however, and all was inexor ably known. Not for a moment more could the secret of that fell midnight cry be bidden. Henry Mainwaring lay dead upon the couch, assassinated 'betwixt a sleep and a sleep,' and his livid face betokened a blood less, but a cruel, death, inflicted by treachery. Fora rope, finely woven as whip cord, stained with a scarlet dye, and strong as a steel chain, had been tightened in a triple coil around his neck, and though im mediately loosened left him dead teyond all doubt, beneath the rof of his chosen friend, and in presence of the young girl, towards whom, as it seemed, his heart had yearned, as towards a daughter. There is no necessity for picturing the as tonishment, the consternation, the horror that prevailed all that night through Norman Chase; for repeating the innumrnerable, wild, contradictory conjectures; or for enumer ating the distraction of orders issued, half of them being disobeyed, When, at last, a comparative calm settled down upon this scene of alarmed confusion, the baronet peremptorily sent Evelyn to her room, insisting, however, that the good old housekeeper, as being less liable to nervous fears than the lady's maid, should be her companion for the remainder of the night, Evelyn was utterly silent, and walked away as one in a dream. Then, Mathew Drake, who was earliest to recover himseif, suggested a search of the entire mansion, besides a strict examination of the room in which the tragedy had taken place. The former led to nothing. The latter resulted in more than one curious circum stance. The assassin was not a robber. Many articles of jewellery, a purseful of gold, and a pocket book with' valuable conteiths lay on ithe dressing-table, where their owner bad methodically placed them. There was not a trace of disarrangement in the window.fastenings. Nor on the slope of turf below were there any indications of human footprints. As for suicide, the idea of it was simply impossib!e. Had no other facts presented themselves, it was disposed of by that appalling, appeal ing cry which had been heard. Besides the victim bad clearly been strangled from behind. The rope-ah! where was the rope? It might furnish a clue. But the rope had disappeared, none could say how or whither. This, which might hIave helped in un ravelling the mystery of that dark niZht's work, bad been unaccountably spirited away. But until the judicial investigation took place further seeking would be useless. Not a cabinet, not a desk bad been un locked or broken open. Not even a strange face seen or footstep heard. Not a whisper confessed the secret of the cine. The dead man himself was not miore mu:e than the darkness that had shrouded his maurder. For, it was noted, no light had been visible to anyone, and no lamp had been recently extinguished. The deed bad been done as by a shadow in the midst of shadowsu, leaving only a shadow behind. This fact, betoken a familiarity with the place, the other fact of the door being opened and rhat most singular fact of all, the dis appearance of the strangler's cord, alone sug gested to some minds thoughts which they sbhrauk from pursuing, and to others similar thoughts, which no sooner took shape than they melted.away in presence of a third more fearful suspicion--possibly of a fourth more fealful still. Meanwhile Augusta Fairleigh crept to Evelyn's door and knocked. It was opened by the old housekeeper, and Augusta faund her friend statnding like a statue, with her proud head bent, some of the ball- room jewvels glistening on her grace. lul form, and reflecting the flickers of light before the fire. Evelyn I' she said. *VWho is it ? answered the girl, as if me ch:nically, without turning Iher head. ' It is f-Augusta. Why do you not lie dowl ? I will stay wyith you. Mrs. Murray. will mull some wine. You are shivering.' Evelynr did turn now, and Augusla saw a look never to be forgotten, She made no resistance, however, accepted the .refresbment, suffered herself to be un dressed and slept until the dawn as though in an artificial stupor. In the morning Augusta, whose slumbers had been still more weary, awoke, and was surprised. Nothing remained on Evelyn's counten ance or in her manner of last night's petrified horror. She merely said: 'Augusta, you must not stay here how. Come again when all this misery is past. And-I have a reason for it, though not, perhaps, the one at which you will guess never speak to me of Herbert Leaholme again.' ' Never. Why, only last night I was going to tell you, but you seemed cross, be had talked of coming to try whether your father would see him. Fortunately he did not.' 'Let him keep away-let everyone keep away,' cried Evelyn, with a passionate stamp of her foot. 'Myself and my father must henceforth live alone.' CHAPTER VI. Augusta Fajirleigh, in spite of her wilfulness and her unlashionable fancies, was a thought ful girl, with keen common-sense, and a fear lessness of spirit which no contradiction could quell. She had been among the first to re gain a mastery over herself after the frightful discovery of the previous night, and now, after nominally obeying Evelyn by quitting her room, was glad when a reason offered for prolonging her stay. In the hall she encountered several strange men, one of whom occupied the porter's place. Upon demanding to have the wicket-door open, and her carriage called, she was answered : SSorry we must not, miss. Orders are that nobody is to leave the house who was here whlen-you know what, miss.' 'Nobody ?' she asked. 'Not evyn Sir Norman himself.' replied the man, with some insolence of tone. Not caring to question him further, Augusta was retiring to her own apartment when a fresh idea occurred to her, and she made her way to Evelyn's charrber. ' I must come in,' she cried. ' Evelyn, they will not let me go out. I have some thing to tell you.' White as Venice glass, Evelyn opened her door, and stood before her unexpected visitor, trembling. Come in, Augusta,' she said, tenderly. 'What have you to say?' SSomething about last night.' 'Then say not one word, I will hear-I will believe- nothing.' 'But I saw--' 'Augusta, go upon your knees, and swear you will never say a word about what you saw-or thought you saw-last night !' ' Evelyn, are you mad, or am I? Must I not tell the truth ?' ''Tell it, and there will be-- but, my heart's friend, Augusta, be silent.' ' To you ?' 'To me, more than to any, Bury this secret between ourselves. We are sisters now -twins in the knowledge of an awful mystery.' They had not much time for colloquy. The news of the tragic event had spread abroad, and the entire county was in a state of startled excitement. As a matter of course, an immediate in. vestigation was ordered, with even less than the usual notice to the coroner and his jury. With the following results: That Henry Mainwaring was murdered in his bed. That he had been assassinated by strangu lation. That the cord with which he was stran gled-apparently of Eastern texture-had been seen but had sinceedisappeared. And that upon the evidence, there was no ground for casting suspicion upon anybody. The night had been silent until the breaking forth of that terrifying cry. All the while Sir Norman Hedley kept his eyes fixed upon those of bis.daughter. All the while Evelyn Hedley kept her eyes fixed upon those of Augusta Fairleigh. The testimony given was too blank and barren to require recapitulation. It was as deep calling unto deep, darkness unto dark ness. The dead man was buried, but not before that singular old recluse, the Knight of the Cavalier Tower, already mentioned, had made a peculiar suggestion. ' In Italy,' he said, 'it is customary when a man is murdered to open his eyes, and let them look upon the lace of the suspected person. If that one be guilty, his portrait will be mirrored in the unconscious eye. But no one was suspected. So the Italian hint fell through, and the lord of the Cavalier Tower retired to his solitary abode, convinced that a miscarriage of justice had taken place solely because his wisdom was not believed in. So darkness closed over the grave of Henry Mainwaring, and upon the afternoon following the funeral of the murdered man, his will was opened and read with the custo mary formalities. The document was more brief and distinct than such documents usually are. 'By this, my last will and Testament, I give and bequeath to Evelyn Hedley, the whole of my estates and property, of what ever kind, without reserve, for her own absolute use and disposal. But where were the estates ? And whatwas the property ? There-was no firm of lawyers forthcoming to assist in administering to the dead man's inheritance; his name was in no register; and Evelyn, as his nominal heiress, was fain to revert to her old idea that this unaccount able personage was insane. Yet the question would persist in pressing itself upon her mind, who could have been interested in his death? That some other document exist-d was clear to the judgment of all. * Father,' she said, sadly, one morning, 'I think I must have bee.' right, after all, and that Mr. Mainwaring was, if not a madman, at least more than half-crazy upon some sub jects.' SPerhaps he was-who knows. It is pos sible that he allowed himself to dream about this imaginary wealth. I know he was always barping upon some imaginary wrong. But we must not allow this miserable event to cloud the life of Norman Chase. By the way have you quite got over the fancy about young Leaholme ?' 'It was not fancy, father,' she answered, with a solemnity which surprised him; ' but you will never hear me speak his name again. I live for you now, and for you only. In vain did Sir Na rman endeavour to probe the secret of this strange resolution. To no purpose did he even throw opportunities in her way. The younggirl displayed an inexorable will, and so mute, and even ghostly, was her de meanour that the baronet began to admit into his mind a fear whether, under the shock of a sudden alarm, her meutal powers might not hlave given way. Night after night be met her, wandering through the long corridors of the mansion, opening and closing unused doors, listening, like an eavesdropper-his daughter, too I at the door of the servants' hall, putting round. about questions to tbe maids, while seeming to be afraid of their answers; and altogether conducting herself in a way so extroardinary and, nevertheless, so systematic that he con fessed to a sense of utter perplexity. *What are you looking for?' he once asked, in impatience. 'Not the codicil to poor Mainwaring's will?' "'' For nothing that I wish to find,' she re plied. 'Are those men to be for ever hang ing about here ?' 'What men 2' 'Those I saw after the-after that night. They have been dredging the ponds and digging under where the new turf waslaid down. Surely you can send them away ?' ' I heard nothing ofltbefore now. 'Drake,' he added, as that usually opportune domestic and confidential appeared, 'who are these fellows trespassing and prying about the Chase? My daughter tells me she has even seen them digging.' SThey are the police, Sir Norman,' said Mathew, with an unflinching stare at his master.' 'Then get rid of them,' exclaimed Evelyn, in a tone so passionate and peremptory that it startled both her hearers. 'They have no business here. That black business is over, and there is nothing left to discover. 'Except who did it,' sneered the man, with a grin, that brought a blush of anger into the young girl's cheeks. She remained silent. The insolent steward-for he must have a designation of one sort or another-went on: *Or Mr. Mainwaring's completed will. Perhaps Miss Evelyn----' 'Perhaps Miss Evelyn's father,' interrupted the roused and taunted girl, 'will order Mr. Mathew Drake to quit this room and never dare to mention Mr. Mainwaring or his will in my presence again. Papa,' she continued, softening curiously, 'if that paper were found I would never even read it. I would lock it up--I would destroy it, but that I know it would be a crime. And now, my father, is this man to remain with you or am I ?' Not for worlds would I stay, if my staying would displease you,' said Mathew. 'Sir Norman I may be allowed, perhaps, to speak, to you at another time. It was only about Mr. Herbert Leaholme. Heis here, and has asked to see you.' So saying, with another of his crafty smiles he went on, only hall closing the door behind him. i I will see young Herbert,' said Sir Norman with infinite blandness of manner, 'Why should the quarrels of the parents interfere with the happiness of the children P' 'No,' was Evelyn's answer, and the words quivered upon her lips, 'I myself will see him and he will go from this house, never to re turn. If it break my beart I will say it.' And she passed from her father's presence with a struggling heart, first casting upon his face one long look of yearning, and in another moment she was alone with her lover. CHAPTER VII. THEY met-these long-forbidden lovers, and Herbert Leaholme saw not, for the moment, the transformation which had come over his beautiful betrothed. To him she still appeared asa child-darling, in whose pure face he had first seen his own heart reflected. A handsome, bright-looking gallant sort of fellow to see was this Herbert Leaholme -not one of the modern Titans, perhaps, but a high- bred, high-spirited, accomplished and chivalrous gentleman, wh6m we can .pardon our Evelyn for loving with all he heart. And how she loved him now I Now, when her every throb'of love was a torture and a cruelty. - But she had come to rend the golden chain; and for one dear nroment-a moment to be for ever dear in days to come-she for got her purpose, and her tender, innocent, confiding welcome was a delight to him who received.' Then Herbert Leaholme took in' his own the hands of Evelya Hedley, and looked her once more in the face. It was, as it were, a different face. A mask seemed to have grown over it. The child features of that German dream had -altered into the countenance of a hard,. cold, stern and relentless woman. 'In Heaven's name, Evelyo,' he cried, 'what is the matter ? Are you ill? Let me support you:' 'No, Herbert,' she 'said, in a quiet, measured voice. ' No, Herbert-I may call you that now, if never again. I am not ill. I am not weak. I am in pain just now. Be strong as I am-stronger -and help me to say that we must never meet again as we have met.' Like a man shot, like a man half-blinded by lightning, he started and staggered away from her. For him this language had no meaning, or one which passed him by as thoigh it were some indefinite midnight sound, ur unexpee. ted gust of wind. ' Evelyn 1' was all he could utter. 'Herbert, she went on. 'Do you believe I' have loved you ? No, I am satisfied. Give me your hand. And that you love me, I am certain with a certainty that cannot be de ceived. For the sake, and in the name of that love, we must part.' 'Part ?' was again all he could say. It was, to him, as though he bad suddenly entered another world. Life without her-without Evelyn-with out that one fostered charm and enchant ment of his youth-no, it was impossible. This was not Evelyn, and he was in a dream. But the same clear, implacable voice-not so steady now, though, continued 'Yes, Herbert, I mean it as I say it. There is an impassable gulf between us. Worse than all, I cannot give you even the faintest inkling of my reason. WVill it con tent you to know that never have I faltered from my faith in you. Never have I given a thought of fondness to another. Give me that jewel from your finger. I will wear it till I die, and it will be my only bridal ring.' He caught her and and clasped her to his breast. Ah! how that rebel heart was battling with itself. How there rushed through her the yearn ing to accept this noble love and rest in it as in a haven. But no; it was not to be. Gently, yet firmly, disengaging herself, she said, while the bitter sobs would force themselves between the words: SHerbert, let me go now. Remember the promise I give is not binding on you. Try to be happy- try to think of me only as your old playmate. Dear companion of many days, never come to this house again. There is not much chance of your ever meeting me anywhere else. No-no, Herbert. it is impossible. I shall be ill. Let me go, or leave me.' With a long, wailing cry, the unhappy girl fell to the ground, and Herbert Leaholme, shouting for assistance like one bewildered, could answer nothing in reply to the questions poured upon him from every side, It was not yet over, however. Evelyn HIedley was not of an hysterical dis position. She speedily recovered, and, looking up into the face of her father, who held her in his arms, trembling as he did so, whispered: ' Send these people away. There is some thing more I must say to Mr. Leaholme. And you too, appa, I will join you in a few minutes.' ' Ilerbeit,' she said, 'I am ashamed ofmy. self. But before we part, let me say this. I am not acting from any girlish caprice. I am not saying that now which I can ever unsay, or which can ever be unsaid. Therefore do not wrong yourself by cherishing that old feeling which must be put away as though it were with the dead. Believe me so far. Trust me by not asking me my secret. And do not distress me by another word, Good bye, Herbert!' So speaking, with her beautiful, melancholy face still turned towards him until she reached the door, she fixed upon him one last look of pity and pain and was gone. Then Herbert Leaholme reproached him self that he had not stayed her-that his supplications had been faint-that she bad cast upon him a spell of silence-as indeed she had. But he did not know how, not trusting her self to meet her father, she went to her own room, locked herself in alone with her sorrow, and gave way to a silent lamentation that was agony. In vain did Herbert Leaholme endeavour to obtain from Sir Norman Hedley an ex planation of his daughter's marvellous incon sisteccy, as be termed it. The baronet very frankly avowed that, down to a very recent time, he had been opposed to Evelyn's wishes, adding, however, that on this very morning he had withdrawn all his objections, and been astonished by her unexpected perversity. But when asked what his own previous scruples had been, and why they had all at once disappeared, he would give none, except evasive answers, and HerbertLeabolme finding it hopeless to wait for another chance of seeing Evelyn, left the Chase in a con dition of the deepest grief indeed, but resolved to discover what secret it was that held his darling's life in bondage, and to set her free from it, ifit lay within human persistency to do so. 'But the secret may be buried within Mainwaring's grave,' he thought, though with no reason for thinking so, except that around this Mainwaring and his death all the rumours and whispers and fantastic lights and shadows of life at Norman Chase appeared to revolse. And what of ber, the heiress of Norman Chase, across whose path this shadow had fallen ? She had renounced her love. Henceforth she would dwe!lwith her father, waiting for time time when it might be her great sacrifice would bring its own reward. It might have added to her sorrows could she have known that an ingenious little plot wasbeing Woven, having for its object the hand and fortune of Miss Evelyn Hedley, and as its concoctor no less ambitious and ingenious a personage than Mr. Mathew Drake, But Mr. Mathew Drake had somehow contrived to create an enemy in Miss Augusta Fairleigh, who was, just now, enjoy ing her wealth and her liberty in her own way, though she so far complied with the usages of the world as to admit beneath her roof, in the character of chaperone, a venerable dowager, distantly related, who envied the young girl her riches, disapproved of everything she did, wanted to manage both the money and the establishment, and was thrown into a paroxysm of indignation when the youthful heiress of Fairleigh Manor proposed to celebrate Christmas by a series of private theatricals. 'You will come, 6f course,' she said to Evelyn. 'If my father does," was Evelyn's answer, who had a motive for changing her resolu tion. 'And you will take a part?' persisted Augusta. 'Oh, no; yours are too amateur perform ances, and I am a professional actress, you know,' Evelyn replied, with a half bitter, half sickly smile. ' I shall think you as mad as the rest of them if you go on in that way,' exclaimed the young mistress of Fairleigh Manor; will you, or won't you ?' What is to be the play?' 'Ob, a very old and a very good bne. ' The Betrothed Unbetrothed.' Evelyn cast a quick look at the face of Augusta Farleigh. Was this a random shot, or had it an aim ? The pure candour speaking in every linea ment of that unsullied countenance instantly dispelled all suspicion. 'Let me know', she asked, 'who the others are to be .' 'HErbert Leabolme; but he is only a stupid lover.' 'And whom does he love ?' 'Of course, me. At least, he begins by that.' 'And how does he end ?' 'Equally, of course, by loving somebody else.' SWho?' 'I suppose there is nobody but you. Though I shall--' 'Well, what will you do? Or what does the play make you do? 'I don't know yet, in fact, though that something frightful to think of does take place, I am quite sure. So it is settled. You are coming, and will take a part, only don't let the love-making be too-real, or the curtain which rose upon comedy will fall upon tragedy. I warn you.' 'Perfectly shocking! Vulgar, even I' cx' claimed the dowager chaperone. 'Augusta, why will you settle these matters without con suiting me ?' And the protest was pronounced in a tone whereat the walls of Farleigh Manor should have fallen down; but our dainty and daunt less Augusta felt quite safe in her own little Jericho, and simply answered : 'Why should I trouble you about such absurdities, dear Lady'Kennct ? The play is quite proper, though a little awful, especially when I have to glare at Evelyn, and give her Rosamond's choice for interfering between my Sir Celadine and me. 'Traitress! Serpent! 'Ihe dagger or the bowl! Ab, he comes! He comes, in time to witness the triumph of his perfidy !' That will do, my darling, will it not?' And this innocent, rehearsing murder, clasped her heart's dear companion in her arms. The fair girl who had thus consented, against the promptings of her own heart, to masquerade awhile for her friends' pleasure returned from her visit to Fairleigh Manor, weary in spirit, and more than ever confused in mind. The news which met her and her father, on reaching home, was startling. Mr. Mathew Drake had, during their absence, behaved in the strangest manner. He had ransacked the mansion from vault to garret, taken up fragments of boarding, unbung all the pictures, cut the canvases from some, violated the sanctity even of Evelyn's own chamber, passed an entire night in the bedroom of the murdered man, and then withoutt a word, had disappeared, now one knew how, no one knew whither, carrying with him no one knew what. 'The very soul of the young girl seemed to die out as she heard this ex:traordinary intelligence. It was by the aid of this man, as by that of a dark lantern, that she had hoped to throw light upon the secret which was baffling her, the path she hIad resolved to pursue through it should entangle every step of her future life, But what had the man to do in her chamber ? Thither she flew. Her desk had bern rifled. The whole of its contents were gone. The casket containing the lockets had also disappeared, TO BE CONTINUED. 