THE RIAJ1h'g DlAIOiNDlm The company, wont.to assemble at the sign of the Blue, Anchor, had gathered and taken their seats. A spare, wiry lookinmg man, with iron-grey beard, had volunteered a story. Pipes were lighted and tankards' filled, nlid the narrator, in a quiet, effective manner, deepening into earnestness as he "went on, thus pro ceeded: "I was leaning over the taffrail of the Eastern Star one summer night, watching the play of the waters in the moonlight, which turnet the track of the vessel intoa wide belt of silver, when someone plucked me by the sleeve. I turned suddenly and glanced into the face of the man who had dis t-rbed my reverie. He was a Hindoo, spareof frame and rather above the medium height, his bronzed features showing to great advantage when contrasted, as they were, with the spotlees' white turban which he wore. Once or twice I had noticed the Hindoo in the smoking saloon of the ship, where frequently he sat, watching the various games of chanceor skill in which the mate passengers indulged each night. "" You .are, r George Thompson,' he said to me, in renmarkably good English, altlough I could detect a foreign accent ashe spoke. I made a gesture of assent. ' eon are visiting India for pleasure?' he con. Iinued.utteringthe words so that they formed a question. Knowing of no reason why my purpose in shipping to Blombay should be con. idered a secret, I unhessitatingly replied : "' Not at all. I am going to Bombay to superintend the raiing of the City of Delhi, which ship, you may be aware, collided in the harbor, and went down at dead of night." "'No one ca board her being saved,' the Hindgo added, by way of comment. "' It was a very strange affair; but, so far as I know, everyune went down with her,' I assented. "'And the ship that collided with the ity of Delhi, what became of her?' he asked. "' I am a little surprised that you should ask the question,' I answered, blowing the ash from my cigar. "' May I ak you why my question ap. pears stranige?' the Hindoo queried. "'Simply because you are a Hindoo and I am an Englishman,' I retorted; ' natu. rally yon.take more interest in the affairs of Bombay than I do, and, consequently, Ithoughtyou would know that the second -olliding ship was not discovered.' "' That is a remarkable fact, don't you ~hink!' he asked significantly. " Perhaps in my own country it would ap wear eo, but we never take enough interest in what occurs abroad to hunt up minute de. tails. All I know is that the City of Delhi went down and that she is to be raised ; which accounts for my presence on board this weseel." ' It will cost a great deal to raise the City of Delhi.' ' It deet a larger sum by far to buildher,' I answered, havino no intention to put my -questioner in possesion of the details. "' You will take no active part in the ?ork itself,' the Hindoo went on; ' being at the head of atisire, you will watch their pro. grees, while the actual labor will be carried on by your subordinates.' "' I'am not above lending a hand when necessary; although, of course, as you sar, others do the main part of the manual labor. However, before the ship is raised there is certain preliminary work to be done, in which I shall most certainly join. cor instance, I shall co down with the divers myself, and personally examine the position in which the ship lies there; a matter of forty or fifty feet below the surface of the water.' "I saw tbs Hindoo give a little atartr of nrprie, which he endeavored to hide by abruptly changing the eubject. "It is a grand night,' he said shortly. "' Quite a relief after the heat of the day,' I rsplied, moving away to go below. The r Hindoo followed me as 1 went down the stairway of the ship, which was spacious, for the Eastern Star was one of the best passenger' ships afloat. I passed on to mny cabin, but had scarcely closed the door when I heard someone knocking, or rap pi , against it with their knuckles. Who could it be? I wondered, for the hour was nearly midnight. I shot the bolt of the doorbackand in came my unerpected visitor. The cabin, I may observe, was really intended -for three passengers, having two bunks and a couch, but, deeringprivacy,I had secured its oles use. " ' Sit down,' I urged, not very cordially lhowever, I must confess, when I saw that my visitor was the Hindoo. I felt too tired to discuss the raising of the City of Delhi with him, that being the purpose I concluded, for which he was paying me an unsohcitedivisit. "'To-morrow we disembark, let that be my exonse for intruding,' he said snavely, watching my face in the dull flicker of the swinginglamp; 'an before you and Ipart, Shave something 1o say to you- something important.' "'You have left it pretty late, then,' I replied. ' We hope to get into the har bor within ten hours of now. It was quite a chance I went on deck for a few minut?befoer coming downi here to turn in. So-morrow I shall be busy.' "'You begin pass work .so aoon'' he -'cqnezied; 'then I am, indeed, only just in time.' "' What concern is my business . of youns?' I asked. 'We have been on this ship together for weeks, and yet you wait till almost the last minute before you seek my -4quaintance.' "'That is not my fault, I assure you,' he replied. ' Until five minutes before I spoke -o you I had no idea that the oneto whom the raising of the City of Delhi had been en trusted was on board. You changed your ship.' -. "I ?was completely astonished by the Hmdoo'a last. words, and more so by the tone in which he uttered them. " ' What have my movements to do with you !'I asked ; 'weare total strangers; yet you have a knowledge of them that I do not understand.' "' Itis true, then, that you did change your ship ?' he persevered, waiting for my answer with a show of indifference whicAI would see he was far from feeling. " ' Yes,Ibooked out by the Queen of the Ganges, and then came by the ship we are now upon-,' "'You see I know a little about you,' Ls res.arked: 'but yon may be quite as ured; that my knowledge,. snuch as it is, Uas not' been gained either owing to idle carioityorfor any evil purpose.' " 'That may be. so; I don't know. It may be customary ,for , Orienta to be spied upon, and they may consequently ot res?ent it. • Personally I object to' any thing.of the sort, and you may as well under stand .that-it will save yon same unpleasant consuences.' "1Wens yoa know what my motive has Ies, you-will be less disposed to utter threats,t such as is conveyed by that remark,' she Hindoo went on. " Than ppek out and let me know what tim you want,' Ireplied. ' Why did you not come out to Bdtnbay y the Queen of the Ganges?' "'For no other reason than that :I -mimed the vessel. There was a aliht railway accident, and the consequent ae. Jay made me reach Southampton too late, fo the vessel had started. I secured a :heth on the Eatern Star, where I have apparently been watched by, you, for what reason you beat know.' . "'I suppose what yenou say is a correct account of your transfer from ship to ship, but when I tell you that someone is on board the Queen of the Ganges, and there for the sole purpose of consulting you on a matter concerning largely your own safety, you will quite understand my sur prise at finding you on this vessel. I chanced to hear your name-the rest I have learnt from vou.' "'It makes very little difference to me, I assureyou, whither you believe my account of how I came totravel by this ship or not; if you have nothing more important than that to discuss perhaps you will be good enough to consider our conversation at an end.' " Ytoun would repent it till your last hour if you did not hear what is the real reason of this untimely visit. It concerns the sunken ship, the City of Delhi.' " ' You seem to take considerable interest in her,' I said; ' may I ask why?' " ' You shall be answered,' the Hindoo replied. 'Let me brielly recall our con versation on deck. We are both aware that the vessel went down in the harbor of Bombay, where, with ordinary precautions. no suoh accident need have happened. Don't you think it a remarkable fact, that the colliding ship was never discovered. Such accidents damage both ships to a certain extent, as a matter of course.' " ' What do you infer from that F' I asked, for the Hindos'e earnest tone began to inter a.t me in spite of the natural indignation which I felt at being watched. " ' It is no mere matter of inference.' he answered. 'I was out in the Bay in a Emall boat at the time, and I saw what happened. It masyassit yon considerablyin your task to know what took place; have I your word that you will treat what I wish to say as confidential until the City of Delhi is raised: then my words will be abundantly proved.' "I signified my assent to this, and the Hindoo continued. "'It was a close, hot night; on land or sea there was scarcely a breath of air; I was poling my boat along in the shallow, just where the white houses run down al. most to the harbor wall; white and misty, with a pall of beat obscuring its outline, rose Malabar hill on the right. Round me as I stirred the waters, fell the shadows of the maze of shipping in the harbor. Suddenly I heard thie plashing of oars, mottled and subdued. I drew in close where the shadow of a dark hulk hid me, and I watched and waited, wondering who else had chosen the night for a pull in the harbor. A minute more and I saw a boat crowded with a crew of Hindoos and Malays pulling away from a ship. Almost opposite to me they rested on their oars, then turned wish anions faces towards the ship they had left. No word came from the lips of any there, and I seemed almost awed by the strange silence, when, just as the moon broke through the ragged, threatening sky, the steersman rose and pointed towards the ship. She drifted slowly "'DEEP DOWX h ER PrOw DIPPED fEe1 TiJE \WAVCER.' " out into mid.harbor, shivered like a sentient thing, then down her prow dipped into the waves and she was gone; I heard the suck of the waters she dragged after her, and felt the boat beneath me rock, then the harbor became placid, and without one word, the seamen, with strange glances ateasch other, drew their boat away till they reached another veasel. Over the side of the latter a rope ladder was flung, and after lashing the boats so as to be able to raise it, the seamen climbed up; the boat was hauled up, and I was alone on the waters once more. I ask you then, did that shipf the City of Delhi, have fair play? Wasn't it plain that no ship could have marks of colliding with her when that happened; not a passenger aboard was Eared out of those who were on their way to Calcutta from there, and who had only been on the ship a few hours. Do you understand me now"' " ' You mean that, for some reason, there was foul play on the part of the captain and his crew ?" "' Yes, I say that the City of Delhi never had fair play; I tell you she was ecuttled; I swear it !' "The fiindoo rose from the couch on which he had seated himself and stood before me, his dark eyes glittering with anger, his right hand clenched and threaten " ' I suppose the hatches were bittened down, which accounts for not even a soil. tary cry being raised by anyone on board tha ill-fated vessel. There is one question I should like to ask yo, and it is this-What could be the motive for such a crime?' I questioned. "' That is exacty what I wish to speak to you about, Mr Thompson. Let 'us go back to a question I asked'youon deck-does it cost much to raise a ship like the City of Delhi?' "'It is an expensive process, certainly, but when a vessel lies in the harbor, as you are aware this one does, it constitutes a danger to shipping.' " ' Not when she lies so many feet below the surface,' replied the Hindoo promptly; 'besides, if thatwere the case, why has the vessel not been destroyedby dynamite-that is the usual method employed by the divers under such circumstances. Can you explain? You made a public tender for the raising of the vessel, did you not?' " 'The firm did,'I answered; 'which is the custom usu lly.' " 'Do yon happen to know why your tender was accepted ?' " I suppose it was the lowest,' I an swered, not understanding the drift of the question. " 'So far from being the lowest, your tender was actually the highest.' " ' Then I suppose there are special reasons for the work being done thoroughly-no doubt the Cityof Delhi is a well-built vessel and of.proportionalalue. "'I wouldn't give a hundred pounds for her ; she looked well enough, but the vessel was only fit to break up. Can you understand now why her owners are so anxious to raise the ship ' "' You puzzle me completely-perhaps you are acquainted with the reason.' " ' The reason is probably more extraordin ary than the apparently motiveless crime of scuttling the City of Delhi.' "' You have aroused my curiosity,' I said. ' As you know the cause of the ship foundering, perhaps you will let me hear what lies hidden behind that disaster. No one shall hear from methe secret, if secret it is, unless, as you say. the vessel is raised ; then. 1 understand, no further concealment will be necessary.' "'The Hindoo moved to the door and examined the bolt. As if not satisfied with that precaution, he cautiounly withdrew it and threw the door open. No one was there. He placed his forefinger on his lip to enjoin silence, and stood there listening. Nothing disturbed the silence of the hour except the swash of the waves as they struck the side of the ship. After standing there for a few minutes, he gave a sigh of relief and thrust the door to, saying, as he shot the bolt care fully: "' You complain that I have watched yon, which is not true, but I am watched eve hour of the day! Besides myself, there are other Hindoos on board, and just then, when I went to the cabin door, I could have sworn that someone was listening outside. We Hindoos have quick hearing, and to one who hears it frequently, the sound of naked feet is rarely to be confused with any other movement; it is distinct, and I cannot believe myself mistaken.' "'I cannot be of much use in con firming or contradicting what you a y," I answered. ' Those of iu who pas much of our time among machinery are usually a little deaf. Certainly I heard .nothing.' "'You shall hear why I became nervoas at that sound. The persons who are in terested in the rasiing of the City of Delhi have a secret whilh they do not wish yon w know. They bought the wreck an salvagej including everything contained in it, atterhaving been the prime smoveto in the vessel's destruction.. They have displayed considerable skill in elaborating their scheme, which has signally failed, as they will pre sently discover when the vessel is raised.' ," The Hindoo unewathed the turban which w-as wound about his head and drew some thing out from its rumeronus folds. "' What is your opinion of that!' he asked, holding out the object for my in spection. • I took it from him and held it close tothe swinging lamp. Ablaze of light shot from the stone I held there, its color a dazzling white. " ' Why l' I cried -in astouishment : thisis an enormous Brazilian diamond I: "' You are right,' he said, with a smile, as he caught eight of my face, which plainly indicated my excitement. 'For that stone the City of Delhi was sunk and her passen gers drowned ; for that stone the vessel hab been bought, and you are engaged to raise her. But they have fallen into their own trap, for the stone they seek is in your. hand.' " ' How has it come about?' I asked. "' The matter is simple enough. I am Rajah of Burdwan, and this diamond came to me by inheritance. It had been badly ent and I sent it in charge of a Hindoo to Europe to be re-cut at a yell-known elhlishment. He seems to have been ed by another Hindoo, who managed tos the diamond in its finished state, and who secured a crystal of remarkable purity. This latter was carefully- cut and diamond-faced to resemble the real stone; and my servant, on arrival at Bombay, was bribed with half a lao of rupees to substitute the crystal for.the gem.. He took the rupees, but, being an old servitor of my family, he tricked the other Hindoo, for he managed to change the stbnes again. At Bombay he left the vessel, having with him the diamond which you now hold, since I had arranged for him to join my retinue there. The Hindoo who was left in the vessel, and in whose possession was the crystal, had been enjoined to take the treasure to Calcutta. There was no intention of allowing him to do so, for they thought it best to silence him. The vessel was sunk, and with it the Hindoo went down, the supposed diamond .being contained in a box screwed fast to his cabin floor. When the real diamond safely reached me I watched the plot to its end, but dared to say nothing about the scuttling of the ship. This fact they will try to hide, and it is one to which I specially wanted your attention called. Afterwards I went to Europe to ste if I really had the diamond, for its counterfeit is said to be a remarkable stone. Satisfied on that point, lam returning to Bombay with my treasure; knowing the difficulty, in spite of the utmost precantions being taken, of keeping the real gem as my own. I have not suffered it to leave my possession since. You will under stand, then, that I wish to prevent them from getting hold of the crystal even. It would be disposed of as a genuine atone, so perfectly has it been faced, and that is why I sent someone on the Queen of the Gauges to try to explain matters to you. You missed your ship and fortunately T discovered you on mine. The fact that you willdescend with the divers simplifies matters.' "He drew fronm his pocket a scrap of paper and quickly sketched a plan of the sleeping berths on board the aunken ship. "' The crossI have made there on the paper indicates where the box is; a few strokes of a diver's axe and it will go to pieces. Fling out the crystal, and there the matter ends. "'I can rely upon the truth of all you have said?' I remarked, as the Rajah finished his singular story. " You may, most implicitly ; the captain will give you any substantiation of my position you may wish to ask for. Promise me that thecrystal shall never come above the surface of the water.' " I held out my hand. ' Youmay depend upon it,' I answered. Was It fancy, or did I at that moment hear some slight sound outside my cabin door 1 I glanced that way, and the Rajah, whose story proved most con elusively true, as I eventually found out, whisperednervously : "' I am watched; they think they have the diamond and now they want my life 1 ' He drew off the turban, in which he had ?6-qmpp ._.. up. the great dianaond. me.' " I thought for a moment what to do with the gem. It occurred to me that perhaps the Hindoos, after all. suspected that the Rajah had the diamond even then ; if so, failing to get it from him, they might naturally conclude it was in my pos session, seeing him leave my cabin at such a late hour. I unscrewed the wide top of the swinging lamp, which had an opaque vessel for containingthe oil, and into this I dropped the diamond, screwing the top on again. " 'It will not hurt it,' I said; ' to-morrow you can easily got it out. I will burn the lamp all through the night, so that no oil will be left.' The Rajah pressed my hand again, and then I opened the cabin door. o one couldbe seen. I stood there watch fng him as he went along, looking like a ghost in the dimly-lit way. Then I went into my cabin and closed the door. A second after I heard a sharp cry, which seemed to be forcibly stopped. Without arming myself in any way, I ran down the passage. The Rajah was lying on the floor, and two Hindoos were holding him down, while athird was trying to gag him with a turban. "They heard the sound of my feet as I ran forward, whereupon the one who was trying to gag the Rajah rose suddenly and held up both hands, as if warning me not to advance, He moved leisurely to wards me as if to bar the way. I struck at him with my fist, and sent him reeling against the ship's side muttering some foreign oath or threat which did not concern me much. As soon as I reached the prostrate Rajah, who seemed to be lying quite still, one of the remaining Rindoos sprang at meholdh ing a longish knife in his right hand. I caught the descending blow on my left arm, where it ripped a piece completely out of my coat sleeve, but, fortunaiely,did me no actual harm beyonda slight graze. " ' Iasok Baok l' the Hindoo bised : Sback, or I kill you!' " I saw that the fellows meant mischief for me as well as the Rajah, and I made a rush for the knife. The Hindon was too wary however: he stepped hastily back, then, as I missed my intended grip of the knife, he raised it above his head with a flash of the blade, that I watched and waited to ward off. Out of the darkness, behind the spot where the Hindoo stood menacing me, I saw a bare arm come, which twined itself round the fellow's neck, and drageed my assailant to the ground. It was a sailor who hap ened, as he afterwards told me, to be ing half sleep in his bunk, when. hearing the eoubd of a scuffle, he crept cautiously up, with thq result that the Hindoo's km?iable intestions concerning myself were fciled, " The remaininc Hindoo precipitately fled after the one I had struck, and who had wisely withdrawn himself from the fray. The aenlor disarmed the Eindoo he had seized, and gave him a resounding kick, which helped him on his way considerably to where his companions were waiting at a sacfe distance to know how he fared. "I bent over the prostrate Rajah, who had been badly treated, gnd whose garb shcwed abundant signs of a severe struggle with the others before I had gone to his relief. We'casrried him to.my own cabinb where he was placed on a couch. The sailor wished to rouse the captain, but Ithought it best to wait and hear what the Rajah had to say when sufficiently recovered from his state of exhaustion. For, some time he rested on the couch, gazing dreamily at me as I kept watch over him, for it seemed likely that the Hiudoos would yet make another attempt upon the itajah's property or life, for I cold not quite decide which was the real motive for the attack. S, The diamond I' he cried, suddenly stating up ; ' they nave stolen itfrom me I' " I smiled at the delusion. ' Ndt at all !' I answered, 'the diamond as safe enough in the lamp.' * ' You saved my life,' he. said, when the state of the affairs that had happened dawned fully upon him. " ' I rather fancy that sailor saved mine,' I replied, ' there. will be no aleep for either of us to-.night : you had better remain here with me.' He thanked me with all that profuseunes which is customary among Eastern races. Then to turn the anu jest, I asked: "'Do yoiwnish the matter to be investi. I gated, and the Hindoos puniashed, as the. richly deserve to be?" "He was silent for a minute, as i thinking the affair over. ' No, I am afraid that would only make matters worse than the. are. Therecanbelittledoubt but that ths Hindooe hae been hired by the ownes of th: Iship to mnake this attack upon me. Know. ig; fIrom 'the construction, ofr the harbor that no ditficulty will be experienced in overhauling the City of Delhi, they have i fully' counted on getting pos?es alon of the diamond, which, they think, iesin the sunken vessel. When they do so, how ever, 'a further difficulty they expect will arise. I may come forward and claim the diamond, stating how I have been tricked ; to avoid this, my life has been attempted. The Hindoos are not likely, however, to make another attack upon .me; the tailors of the first will com pletely dishearten them.' "I' was not at all convinced by the Rajah's argument, and asked him: "'*You have to get to Burdwan, which is some .distance from Calcutta;. but .to morrow we only reach Bombay, where we part company. How do you intend to cover the distance-by Eteamer, I sep posel" "Iils reply was not what I exoected by any means. "I shall not return to nDrdwan for some time ; poeessibly a year even. I intend to pay a visit to Ah!nednugger, where I hope to get some sport with anold friend of m own. "' And how do you propose reaching Ah mednugger ?' I asked. . For at that time rail roads were far from complete in India. " ' First by rail, then by carnage; the re malning part of the journey, which lies throoah broken country, will be made by palanquin.' "' You will have a large retinue of servants with you, of course !' I ques tioned. " The Rajah smiled at my concern for his safety. a'Probably si, 'certainly mot mote than eight, all of whom would most likely, fling down the palanquin andleave me to face any danger that occurred single-bhanded. Your concern is, of course, about this diamond. It is just as safe now asit would be at Burd wan; its security depends on the good will of everyone of my followers ; if they desert me at home the diamond will assuredly disappear. I am accustomed to travel about almost alone; if I were to suddenly do otherwise I should be enspected, watched androbbed on the first suitable occasion.' " ' But your life !' I urged, 'are you not likely to lose it, if you expose yourself to danger, with such a gem as this in your possesion?' "'1 cannot avoid my fate,' he answered. ' As I have told you, I don't think the Hin does will makeanother attempt uponmy life. If theydo, may Allah send me a friend in need, such as you have been.' "1 tried to persuade the Rajah to make a different plan, but without success. When morning came, I took the lamp down, and inverting it, the diamond fell out. After cleansing it, the Rajah folded it up in his turban, wrapped the latter round his head, and soon after we had steamed into the harbor. "LI saw the round steep top of Malabar Hill, blue rather than white in the morn ing mist; the houses, some white and others reddish in color, lay in front and to the left as we entered the harbor, but I had little time to wonder how it appeared atnight, such as when the Rajah saw the City of Delhi go down. Boat fiter boat came out to meet us, their occu pants densely crowding the deuk; English officers, passengers, coolies refreshingly dressedin white. Parsin and Asisticaof every kind almost. In the confusion I lost eight of the Rajah without bidding him good-bye. So, onthe deck of an outward "'I SAW A BARE AiI, iW HICIITTIfl(ED IT8LF ROUND THE FBLLOWS SECR," bound vessel I met him first; the secona time was a meeting that, with all, my: fears for his safety. I least of all satici pated. '- On landing, I lost no time in making the necessary preparations for the raising of the vessel, and had an interview with the salvage owners - three grave - looking Hindoos, who welcomed me, and eagerly discussed my plane. Two days after 1 was ready to make an inspection of the sunken vessel. I was sitting under the verandsh, reading the Overland Summary of the " Bombav Gazette," when a Hindoo servant approached, and after making a profound salaam, thrust into my hand a soran of paper on which was scrawled the following message - ' If you value your life, don't go down to examine the sunken ship; the diver is plotting against yon.- AHttED SIPD, Rajah of Burd wan. "I called the man back, but he would say nothing beyond the fact that he had brought the message from the Rajah him self. Idrew out my watch; it was quite early in the morning, and was within half an-hour of the time I had appointed for the boat to take myself and one of the divers out into the middle of the harbor. I had been so much taken up with my business matters that the Rajah's affairs had quite become forgotten when this note came as a rude awakener. What he had found out I could only conjecture. For tunately one of the several divers engaged was an Englishmen, and I" felt propor tionate confidencein him. He -was not to go down with me on the occas sion, the man appointed for the task being a Malay who had already had con siderable experience as a diver. I determined that my purposeof examining the ship should be eareed out, but that I would substitute the Englishman for the Malay, as a matter of precaution. " Imade my way to where the little steam launch was to be in readiness for those who were to assist in the carrying out of the diving opera.ione. It was not there ! I heard a shout raised from mid. harbor, and saw one of the men beckoning me from thelaunch; which had already gone out to commenoe the work without me. I jumped into the nearest boat, caught up the oars and pulled hard till I reached thelaunch on board of which I hastened. I met Jowett, the Englishman, first of anyoneon board. " ' What does this mean, Jowetth' A asked 'You have come out before time,' and I pulled out my watch, pointing to the hands as I added, 'there,' even now you are a quarter of an hour beforehand.' "'The launch was ready half an hour ago, Mr ' Thompson. You remember that you told us to be aboard and put things stright before you came. " 'Which is another thing from coming out into the middle of the harbor before you were told.' "'But you did tell us,' Jowett persisted, with an uneasy glance at me. "I Nothina of the, sort, I tell you,' I replied; 'but there, we are wasting time I only want one man to go down with me jus to se exactly how the vessel lies. I told ?Matell, the Malay, he would be wantd, but I've changed my mind; I wat?yop to come down with me, intead of "' It'. too late to make that change now,' Jowett aunswsired "I wonder you didn't tell iMatello when you sawhim a little while .'Too late-when I saw Matello ! What am I to understand from that? I haven't seen Matello eince yesterday. Where is he I" " Joweett pointed significantly over the side of the launch. ' You can see the tubes yourself, .1r Thompson. 3Matello came down- in a hurry this morning with word that you were too unwell to go under water, and that he was to go alone. He said you had asked him to report at once how the City of Delhi lay.' " I began to put on my diving apparatus at once. ' As soon as I am down, get your own things on and follow me; say nothing to anyone, but keep a good watch. If anything unusual occurs make careful note of it.' " Jowett nodded as he help me on with my leaden shoes, and then screwed the metal globe, into which my head was thrust, to the collar of copper attached to the neck of the indiarubber diving dress. Glancing through the glass front of the head gear, I saw Jowett holdingout my axe, and, taking it, I was rapidlylowered over the side of the launch. Down I went, lower and lower, the water changing color according to the sedi mentit contained. Atlast I reached thebot tom and stood for a minute looking round, striving to discover the sunken vessel. " Darker than the water round me, I saw something looming up in the distance, and, axe in hand, I slowly walked towards it. Tangled weeds clang to me breast high, as I neared it; then I saw, lying in one confused heap, the broken masts and the rigging, beyond which laythe hulk of the sunken ship, partly embedded in the mud. (Getting close to the ship, I saw evidence in plenty that the Rajah's account of her foundering was correct-the City of Delhi had been eouttled I " Passing round the vessel, I saw that a great orifice bad been hewn in her side, large enough for a man to walk through upright. I went within .the dead lay everywhere around, and there, right among them, kneelin beside a rough and discolored wooden box, dragged, no denbt, from the ill-fated Hindoo's cabin, was the Malay diver, Matello. " His back was towards me as he groped feverishly there for the treasure he hopedto find; and, involuntarily, I raised my axe and held it over him. He drew out a water-sodden packet. wrapped in a piece of canvas, then pulled it hastily apart, and through the waters I saw the glitter of the stone he had plotted to get, instigated, no doubt, by those who had caused the ship to be sunk, and whose raising of her was to be a mere blind to account for the reason of their purchase, for not otherwise would they have had the right to send divers down. As he rose with the stone in his hand, I suddenly snatched it from him, and flung it away with all the force I could. Matello gripped his axe as he saw me facing him; while I, for better opportnuity to defend my. self, backed out from the vessel, and stood before on the bed of the harbor. "The Malay raised his axe and aimed a terriic blow at the air tubes above my head. Quickly I caught the axe on my own, and then, forgetting everything else, we en gaged in a strange fight for life fifty feet below the surfacrof the harbor waters. I warded off the lightning strokes of his axe, and pressed him in turn until by some mis chance, the clinging weeds caught me, and I fellupon my face. In a second I sprang up to beat him off, feeling that all was over-wvhen I felt myself being?rapidly raised,: and the strange encounter was ended ! "-' _on gt, .e no signal,'. whispered Jowettt to me, as he took off my head-gear, but I 'felt sure something had gone wrong and told the men to get you on board. It's by belief,' he added, ' they knew what Matello was after when he went down in that crafty way first; I hope no thing's happlned, Mr Thompson ; I thought it best to stay up here.' " ' Nothing of any importance,'I answered, as I flangoff the diving dress. 'Get that precious Malay on to launch as soon as you can.' " Up Matello came, and when he, too, had flung off his gear I stooped him as he was making for the boat.alongside "' uou can choose between telling me who induced you to attempt this fine piece of work and explaining matters at the judicial court,' I said. He stood irresolute for a minute, and then made a clean breast of it. Again the Rajah hadbeen proved correct. " «Ve went ashore again, and after some weeks, in spite of the opposition of the owners of the sunken ship, we eventually raised her, but in the meantime they din appeared. Everyone thought they had "L·vOLU:7TA IULY I DAISEDO MY .4." fled from the consequences of the discovery of their strange crime; but there was another reasn why they did so, for the Rajsh had been the only witness or the sinking of the ship, and they had not finished with him as the strangeet part of my adventure, whichis to come, explains. "The daebefore I sbipped back to Eng. knd, h·al?:, eserg g ready for my return, I spent the time in calling upon various einds ,I had- made, when, hap pening to speak of the Rajah's adventure in the harbor at night my friend pro. poed a moonlight row, the waters outside Sinmore than usually calm. I agreed to his suggestionand when the moon rose we put out together. Out of the harbor our little craft was pulled, and for two hours or more we enjoyed the night breeze which came sweeping over the expanse of ocean. , With expressions ofregret, we put-the boat about end turned the prow towards the harbor. Watchingthedistant lights of the town, 1 saw something gently floating towards us; something that looked like a piece of wreckage more than aught else. 1 called my companion's attention to it, and he rested on his oars while I pointed it out, as slowly it floated nearer and sttl nearer. "' Looks like a piece of a broken-up ship,' said he, ' with a sail flung over it ; it's a queer-looking affair; we'll keep the boat steady till it passes. for it will pass us, that is certain.' "The floating mass drew quite close to us, aodthrnsting out an oar, I stopped it in its course. It swung round so that the spar, which was at one side as a make. hift mast, rocked, and in doing so partly dragged the sail from the rude raft it covered. "Without further thought, I flung the sail aside and saw there-the dead body of a Hindoo! Something in the still-set features 'attracted my attention, and, con quering my aversion, I studied them carefully. I had seen them before, most certainly- for the body lying on the raft was that of Ahmed Sind, the Rajah of Burdwan. So I met him for the second and for the last time ! We drew the brown sail over the raft and its burden and watched it es it floated slowly away, floated out to sea, the prey of seabird. of shark, of ocean storm !" "And the diamond '" I asked, " was the Rajah robbed of it?" " Nothing more was heard of the gem or of the way in which Ahmed Sind met bis death, for the Hindoo is' secret and silent when it suite his purpose. Some day the gem will doubtless turn up again; another tragedy added to those which mark its his tory already ! Butthere my adventure ends." -" Ladgate Monthly." 