CARLTON V. GEELONG. The unexpected very nearly happoncd in this match at tho Molboumo ground on Saturday. It was a curious gamo. The first two quarters woro absolutely dovoid of interost. Indeed, the few- very few— spectators on tho ground were to all appearances iu a most dopressed condition, for what with theeplritlossplay of the combating teams, tho damping proclivities of Jupiter Pluviua, and the generally cold and miserablo condition of tlio atmo sphere, the lot of tho onlooker was far from being a liapny on6. Howovor, lie received some litto reward for his patience and endurance towards the closp of tbo game, whon Carlton shook off tho lothargy which had been upon tliein for threo parts of the tlmo and really made a rattling finish of it. Up to half time things had gono on pretty evonly, Goeloug perhaps having a Blight advantage both In points nnu play. Tho third quarter, however, was remarkable for tho absolute mastery which tho Pivotonlans obtained ' over thoir opponents. Whilo Carlton wero only ablo to score 1 goal, the visiting team placed 4 goals and 6 behinds to their credit. So that when tho toams changed over for tho last bout even Carltrin's most sanguine supporters wero prono to admit that thoy Imd not the proverbial ghost of a chance. But the lemons seemed to have an extraordinary re viving influence on tho home team, and the lost 25 minutes woro just as romarkable for the complete supremacy which Carlton exercised over tho Pivotoninns as the preccdiug quarter had boen for Goelong'H ascendency. It was with a sigh of relief thel-ofore that tlio visitors loft the field with a Seal to the good, as it was a matter of cxtromo oubt in the Jast fow minutes whether Carlton would not mako a draw of tbe gamo. Of the play as a whole thero is nothing of par ticular note worth recording. Carlton had the worst of the luck, perhaps, their goal kicking iu Iho Bocoml lmlf being particularly unfortunate, lluwovor, tfio Imqf left leg kick with which Luilh ftVorod their first goiil was a lino tiling to hohbld. though It did not alonu fur t Uu had luck or had kicking of Iho other playoin. Tho Modiiun condition of tho turf was inimical to u fieieiitillo exposition ot the game, though It incurious thataftor uhouvydown- pnuruf rain during the interval thoro wah much more liveliiio.is about tlio play. Anything liko curtain marking was out of the ouostlou. The Carlloiihuu wore particularly off color in this respect, whereas their opponent uiarkud nn well as could bo exported under tbe circumstances, and certainly showed greater collision in thoir forward play. Connor wax vory diligent In feeding tho forwards, Rlngleton and M'Klnley were nlways busy In tbo ruck, Burns played in Ida usual solid ami safe stylo throughout, mid 11. M'.Shano, O' Parrel 1 and llnnkhi rendered conspicuous service. It should bo mentioned that tho i'ivntoniaus wero without the nnslKtanco of Marino, NutUll, M'Calluni aud Harold Wilson, hut tho absenco of those men wax conntorhnlancod by- tho noii-inclunion of Ilainsay, Thompson, Tyrell and M, Blake in tho Carlton loam. Alt kin was tlio host In ovury respect of tho losing twenty, though his opportunities for brilliant) play wero not too froquont. Hannah, too, showed up well, nnd of tho others Brotunor, Frost, Walton, Fattonwn and Leitli woro mostly In ovidenae when good work was accomplished. Hal- lott's umpiring seomed to ho aatiH/uctory to both toams. If a decision on a doubtful point appeared to favor ono sido inoro than another at any timo, ho would mako matters equal by favoring tho puna- lisiid side on another occasion. Tho rosuit indicates pretty accurately tho rotative merits of tho teams. Geolong certainly tdiowcd tho most consistent form throughout, and oven if Carlton'H spasmodic burst during tho last quartor of an hour ' had tnkun successful effect tho crodlb of superior play would novortholoss havo been duo to tho visitors. Scores:— . quarter time. Ueolong 2 goals 3 behinds. Carlton ... .. .. 0 goals 2 buhhuls. half tjhe. Geolong 2 goals 4 behinds Carlton lgoal 6 behinds. three-quarter time. Geolong 6 goals 10 behinds. Carlton - .. .. 2 goals 6 bohinda. total scores. Goelong 6 goals 10 behinds. 'Carlton 6 goals Bbuhinds. goal kickers. Oeoiong ; o Jbarroii (3;, il. lu nimuo, Connor una Jonos. Carlton : Aitkin (2), Loith, M 'Donald and Bolfo. central umpire: Ilallott. 