TALES AND 8KETCHE8. [ALI. lUariTS RESERVED.] "THE DAY WILL COME." BY M. E. BRADDON. Author of " Lady Audloy'sÇccrct," "Viten,' " Ishmael," " Liko nrnl Unlike," 'The Kulai Titree," &c.; CIIAITI:K XVIIA. (Continued) Harrington found thc dear little rustic inn very picturesque externally, but small and stuffy within, and thc bedroom into which he waB ushered was chiefly occupied by a large old-fashioned four-post, bedstead, with chintz hangings that smelt of mildewed lavender indeed, thc pervading odour of the Medlow Artus was mildew, lie drcsed n.B well as he could under considerable disadvantages ; and a rumbling old luudau, which hod the local odour, conveyed him to Medlow Court much quicker than ho could hu vc supposed possible from his casual »urvey of the horse, and at ten minutes to eight he was in Lady liurdenshaw's drawing-room. It was a very large room, prettily furnished iu u careless style, au if hy u iicrson whose heart was not set upon furniture. There were plenty of low luxurious chairs, covered with a rather gaudy cliinU, and licfrillcd with lace and muslin, and there were flo« ere in abundance ; but of human life the room was empty. Harrington hardly kucw whether he was relieved or discomposed af finding himself alexio. He had leisure in which to pace thc room two or three times, to arrange his tie and inspect his dress suit beforo one of the long glasses, and then to fuel offended at Juliet's coldness. She knew that he was to be there. She might sorely have contrived to be in the drawing-room lou minutes before thc dinner hour. Half a dozen people straggled in, a not too tidy looking matron in ruby velvet, a sharp featured girl in black lace, and some men who looked sporting ur military. One of these talked to him. "I think you must be Mr. Dalbrook," he ssid, after they had discussed the weather and the state of the roads, .' You are quite right -but how did you guess ?" "MisB Baldwin told me you were coming, and I don't think there's anyone else expected to-night Do you know your hostess ?" " I am waiting for that privilege." "Ah! that explains your punctuality. Nobody is ever punctual at Medlow. Eight o'clock means half-past, and sometimes a quarter to nine. Lady Burdenshaw has reached her sixtieth year without having uri i ved at a comprehension of thc nature of limo, as au inelastic thing Which will not stretch to suit feminine convenience. She still believes in the elasticity of an hour, and rushes off to her room to dress when she ought to be sitting donn to dinner. Her girl friends follow her example, and seldom leave the billiard-room or the tea-room till dear Lady lt. leads the way." A whole bevy of ladies entered the room rather noisily at this moment, And among them appeared Juliet, magnificent in a red gown, which set off the milky whiteness of her shoulders. " Bather a daring combination with . red hair," remarked the young lady in black, who was sitting on a narrow causeuse with a large man, whose white moustache and padded chest suggested a cavalry regiment. " Yon may call the lady a harmony in red, said the gentleman. Harrington scowled upon these prattlers, and then crossed the room to greet his love Yes, it was a daring combination, the scarlet gown with the ruddy tints in her auburn hair; but the audacity was justified by success. She looked a magnificent creature, dar.diug as Vashti in ner Eastern splendour, invincible as Delilah. Who could resist ber ? She gave her band to Harrington, and seemed pleased to see him, but in the next moment he saw her looking beyond him towards the end of the room. He turned, involuntarily following the direction of her eyes, and Baw thc man who had talked to bini, and who was now evidently watching them. He was a middle- aged man, handsome, toll, and upstanding, and witli an air which Harrington considered decidedly patrician. " Who is thal nun by the piano?" he asked.' -' Major Swanwick, Lord Beaulieu's younger brother." "Ah, I thought he was a swell," said Hartington, innocently. " He was very civil to me just now. You might have been in the drawing-room a little earlier, Juliet. You must have known that I was longing to eec you." "My dear boy, we were playing «skittlo pool till fi ve minutes to eight. I had no idea you were in the house. Ah, here comcB Lady B." A fat, fair, flaxen-haired lady io a sky-blue tua gown embroidered with silver palm-leaves, came rolling into the room, murmuring apologies ior having kept people waiting for their dinner. "I know you must all be delightfully ravenous,'' she said ; " and after all that's so much botter than feeling that dinner has come too soon after lunch. Juliet introduced her friend, who was most graciously reaeived. "How is your father?" asked Lady Burden- shaw. " It is ages since I saw him -more than twenty years I believe. Sir Phillimore bought some land in your county, and Mc Dalbrook acted for bim in the matter, and he still receives the rents. And no you ar« going out with the hounds to-morrow ? They meet quite near-not more than seven or eight miles from yonr inn. Juliet will show you the way across-country. She's always in the first flight; tout of you want to know her reticular ralentyoii should see her play pool, can assure you she makes all the men sit up." ] Harrington scarcely followed thc lady's meaning. Tharewasnotioieforexplanatioue, j as the butler, who had been waiting for her ladyship's appearance, now announced dinner, and Harrington bad the bliss of going to the dining-room with Juliet Baldwin on his arm. He felt as if he worein tbe Moslem's enchanted fields us he sat by her «ide at the brilliant table, with its almost overpowering perfume of hothouse flowers, which were grouped in great masses of bloom among the old silver .cd tho many- coloured Venetian glass with a tropical luxuriance. Ves, -it was a Moham- medan paradise, and ibis was the honri, this lovely creature with the milky shoulders riana out of soft folds of scarlet crape. "How long are you going io stay herc, Juliet?" lie asked, SB thc houri uufolded her napkin. She gave a little laugh before she answered the question. "Compare this mom sod table with our dining-Dooin at the Mount-you can compare tho dinner with my mother's dinners after you have eaten it-and ask yourself if uny reasonable creature would bein a burry to leave this Canaan for that desert. I'm afraid I shall stop as long as evor dear old Lady B. asks me ; and she is always pressing mc to extend my visit." "I don't think dinner can be much of attraction in four mind, Juliet," said Harr- ington. "Of course nat-girls don't care what they eal," replied Juliet, sipping her clear soup, and most fully appreciating thc essential delicacy of the flavour. " But thcro arc so immy advantages At Medlow. There ie tuc hunting, for instance, which is much better than any I can get at hume, where I have positively no horse that- I can call my own. Herc I can always rely upon u good mo'int." " Has Lady Burdenshaw a large stable ?" "Oh, she keeps a good many horses; but there are other peopl» who are ready to oblige mc. There are men who come here with strings of hunters, and have always a young one that they like me to handle for them." "Juliet, you will get your neck broken," cried Harrington, palo with horror, and star- ing vacantly at the fish that was being offered to him. " There ia no fear of that while I ride your horsei, the danger ii an old one. My lath« taught me to ride, and oe hi was one of tl beat cross-country riders in Dorset I am nc likely to make a mistake. You had betti try that «oie Äormaiide ; it is one of til Medlow specialities." " Juliet, I hate the idea of your staying i this house-or in any bouse where there is. crowd of fast men. I hate the Idea of you riding other men's horses- of your being unde au obligation to a stranger-" " Don't I tell you that thc obligation ia ul the other way, A young hunter is a mor saleable article when he has carried a ladj ' Will suit a bold horsewoman in a Bti country.' That sort of thing is worth a grca deal in a catalogue, and i lie men whose horse I ride are not strangers." "At the most tiley are casual acquaint alices." " Call them that if you like. Why ahouli not one profit by one's acquaintances ?" " There is ono of your benefactors lookin, at you at this moment, and looking aa if li objected to my talking to you." " How dare you talk uhout my benefactors Do you suppose I had you invited to Medlov in order that you might insult me ?" Thc little dialogue was conducted in sub dueii tones, hut with a good deal of acrimou; upon either side. Harrington was burstin) with jealousy. The house, the men, thc very ntmospheri awakened distrust. He detested those mei for their square shoulders and soldierly bear Lag, for thc suggestion of cavalry and crae! regiments which seemed to him to pervudi the masculine portion of the assembly. Hi had always hated military men. Their chic mission in life seemed to be to make civiliani look insignificant. Miss Baldwin eat thc next entrée in eton] silence and it waa not till be had abject!] apologised for his offensive speech that hci lover was again taken iuto favour. Sh« relented atlast, however, and favoured hin with A goad deal of information about thi iiouse party which made such a brilliant show at Lady Burdcnshaw's luxurious board. The men were for the most part military thc grouter number bachelors, br ut anyratt unencumbered with wives. Two hod beer divorced, one was a widower, another wai separated in thc friendliest way from a wife who found she could, live iu better Btylt unfettered by matrimonial supervision. Major Swanwick was one of tho two whe profited by Sir James Haunan's jurisdiction. " His wife was Lady Flora Thurles, one ol the Orkneys. All the Orkney girls went wroug, dou t you know. It was in the blood. ' '.You and he seem to be great friends,' said Harrington, still suspicious. I "Oli, we have met very often ; he is quite ¡ an old chum of mine. He is a good old thing. ' Seeing that thc good old thiug looked as if h« were well under tive-and- thirty, Harrington was not altogether reassured, even by this comfortable tone. He watched his betrothed and the Major all through the long evening in the billiard-room, where pool wasagain the cliiei amusement nf a very noisy party, of which Juliet and Major Swanwick teemed to him the ring-leaders and master spirits. It was difficult that ho, the affianced, got speech with his betrothed. There was just a few minutes, while the old family tankards were being carried round with mulled claret and other, hot drinks, in which Juliet vouchsafed togivehei attention to her lover, he having in a mannei cornered her into a draped recess at the end ol the room, where lie held her prisoner while bc bade her good night. " I shull see you at the meet to-morrow ?" he said. " I won't promise to be at the meet, but 1 shall find you and the hounds in plenty ol time. I know every inch of the country. " Whose horse are you going to ride to morrow !" "A fine upstanding chestnut; I'm sure you'll admire him ?" " Yes, yes, but whose ?" " Whose?" echoed Juliet, as if she scarcely understood the word. " Oh," with a sudden flash of intelligence ; ' " you mean whOBt property is he? As if that mattered. He belongs to Major Swanwick " "(,'ood night!" said Harrington, and he went off to take leave of Lady Burdeushaw, who was slttiug in the capacious ingle nook, with a circle of men about her telling heran necdotes in Parisian French, from whom every now and then there burst peals of jovial laughter. " At my agc one understands everything, sud one may hear everything," said her lady- ship. Harrington went back to the Medlow Arme more depressed than he bad felt during any period of bia love. Instinct had warned him of thc dangers that must kirk iu such a house as Medlow Court for Buch a girl as Juliet Baldwin.; but neither instinct nor imagination had prepared him for the horrible reality. To see tile woman who was to -be his «vite smoking cigarettes, playing shilling pool, and bandying doubtful jokes with men who had obviously the very poorest opinion of the opposite sex, was an agony which he bad never thought to suffer ; and for ¿he first time since his engagement fae asked himself whether it would uot have been better to have trusted his future happiness to the most insipid and colourless of the girls with whom tie played tennis than to this magnificent specimen cf emancipated smartness. The image of Juliet sprawling over tho billiard table, with ber eyes on fire and ber shoulders half out of her gown as she took a difficult life, pursued him like a nightmnroall through his wakeful hours and troubled snatches of Bleep. The stony palliasse and lumpy feather bed would not have been conducive to slumber under the happiest circumstances, but for a mind disturbed by care they were a bod of torture. He rose at seven, unre- freshed, heavy-hearted, detesting chanticleer, cloudy skies, and all the old fushioned fuss about a hunting morning, and wishing him- self in his comfortable room in the good old house in Cornhill, where bc had ample space and all things needful to a luxurious toilet, rac got himself dressed somehow. He was in thu saddle at niue o'clock, after a breakfast f«r which he had no appetite. It was a long, dreary ride to the little road- side inn at which the hounds met, and Harrington being particularly punctual, had to jog along companionless till the last mile, when Major Swanwick and another man from Medlow overtook bim and regaled him with their talk for tho rest of the way. "I think I know that block horse, "said the Major, who looked provokingly well in his rod coot, chimney pot, and cream-coloured tops, thereby making Harrington ashamed of his neat dark grey coat, Bedford cords, and bowler hat. " Wasn't he iu Baldwin's stud nine yeanc ago ?" "1 bought him of Sir fleury Baldwin." "Thought so. Good baud at selling a horse, Baldwin 1 However, I suppose there's some work tn the black horse yet. " I hope so, for I mean to hunt him to the end of thc eeasou," answered Harrington, ignoring that Awful necessity of selling before tlic cud of the month. Hone glowed faintly in his breast as he saw the Major's leece eye going over his mount, us if studying thc condition of every limb and every muscle. " Wears well," be said, after this deliberate survey, " but I'm afraid you'll find him like the wonderful one-horse shay. He'll go to pieces all at once. Did Baldwin tell you his age ?" "He said something about rising eight hut I didn't inquire very particularly, as I know the horse is a good cue." " Aud it was it good one of Baldwin to talk about rising eight. He uould have been within thc mark if he had said risiug eighteen. I've bought a horse of Sir Henry myself, aud,"-and attora brief pause-" I've sold him one. "And I daresay that made you even," said Harrington, with acidity. Ho would have liked to call the major out for hie insolence, and almost regretted that he was a Briton, and not a Frenchman and a professed duellist. " Faith, I don't think he had altogether the best of me-for when he rode that hunter of mine h* waa like toe little old woman in t nursery rhyme, of whom it was said that e should have music wherever shs went. 1 had music, and to spare." And so with jovial laughter they rode i to the open space in front of the Bed Co' where the hounds wero grouped about a dui pond, while thc master chatted with li friends. It was an hour later before Juliet appears cropping up suddenly on a windy conimo with three other girls and two men, while tl hounda were drawing the furze. " Vau ace I could make a pretty good gue where to find you," she said to Harringto " How well the black looks. You have bei saving him up, I suppose !" " No, I've hunted as often as I could, had no other distraction during your absence " How sweet of you to say that-with a the gaieties of Dorchester to allure yon Hark 1 they've found, and we shall he off in minute. Yes, there he goes !" pointing wit her whip to thc spot where the fox had flashe ucross tlic short level sward, vanishing ne) moment in tho withered heather. " No you'll Bee what this horse can do, and you ca tell inc what you think of him when we mat at dinner." There was the usual minute or so of flutte and expectation, and then the busincss-lik and almost awful calm-every mau scttlin down to his work, intent upon himself, steel ing carefully for a good place. Harrington was a nervous rider, and i fortune helped him to get a good place h rarely kept it. To-day ho was more tha usually nervous, fancying that Juliet's ey was upon him, which it wasn't, and, indeed could not have been, unless it had bec situated in the back nf her head, since she wa already ever so far in front. In time, however he, too, contrived t settle down, and the black horse took th business into his own hands, and kept hi rider fairly close to the hounds. For the tire twenty minutes there waa a good deal c jumping, but of a mildish order, and Haning ton felt that he was distinguishing himscll inasmuch as hu was able to stick to his hoise though not always to his saddle. They lost their first fox, after a very fai run, and they waited about for nearly tw hours before they started a Becond, wbic! they did eventually in a scrubby copse tm th skirts of a great stretch of ploughed land. The plough took ugood deal out of Mahmud and after Sic plough came a series of sinai fields, with some stiffish fences, which had t be taken by any man who wanted to kee| with the hounds. Here Juliet was iu he glory, for the chestnut on which she wu mounted was a fine fencer, and she knew hov to handle him,cr, perhaps it may be said, bot to let him alone. Mahmud had been almost as fine a fence as the fiery young chestnut, and he was i horse of a great heart, always ready toattcmp more than he could do. The livery stahl people had told Harrington that if his leg were only as good as hiB heart he would bi one of tho best hunters in the county. Am now, with some quavering of spirit on his owl part, Harrington trusted that heart woulc stand instead of legs, and get him and tin black over the fences somehow. Just at thii crucial point in the run Juliet was iu front o him, and Major Swanwick was pressing hin behind. He was near the hounds, am altogether in a place of honour, could be bu keep it, and to keep it he felt waa worth i struggle. He got over or through the first fen« somehow; not gloriously, but without tx» much loss of time ; and galloped gally towardi tlie second, which looked a stiffer and mon complicated affair. Juliet's horse weutovei it like a bird, and Juliet sat him like i butterfly, no more discomposed by the shod than if she bad been some winged insect-tba' had lighted on his haunches. Mahmuc followed close, excited by the horse in from of him, and rose to his work gallantly ;? bul this time it was timber and not quick-set thai had to be cleared, and that stiff rail wasjusl too much for the old hunter's legs. Hi blundered, hit himself with the sharp edge ol the rail, and fell heavily forward, sending hit rider flying into thc next field, and sinking ii a struggling mass into thc ditch. Majo: Swanwick dismounted in an instant, scramblet over thc hedge, and ran to help Harringtot up. "Areyou hurt? "Not much," answered the fallen man. staggering to his feet, hatless, and with < dazed look. "I'm afraid my horse is dom for, though, poor old chap." In that moment his only thought was of tbi beast he hod been fond of, which hod been t< him os a friend, albeit often un unmanagoabh one. He had no thought just then of thi money value of that doubled-up mass lyini in the ditch. Mahmud had finished his coarse. His fore arm was broken, and tho most merciful thin; was to make a swift end of him with a ballet from a gun, which one of tho whips fetched from the nearest farmhouse. His own« stood by him and waited for the end, while Juliet «nd the rest of the hunt galloped away ont of eight, and when the shot had been fired the black horse was left to bc carted off to the kennels, and Harrington turned to walk slowly and sorrowfully to thc farmhouse, where he was promised a trap to convey him to the 'Medlow Arma Then and then only did he discover that he had dislocated his shoulder, and was suffering acute agony, and then and then only did he remember the acceptance which he had. given for the blaok horse. Where now were the fifty pounds which be had reckoned upon getting for the animal at Tattersall^, trusting to Providence, or old (Hayfield to make up the balanco of thirty. 'He saw himself now with that acceptance falling due and no assets. He got baok to the rustic inn, with great suffering, and laid himself down upon *tbe stony-hearted fourposter instead of dressing himself to go and dine at Medlow. The village surgeon came and. attended to 'his shoulder, a painful business, though not un- skilfully done ; and then he WUB told he must keep himself as quiet as possible for a few days, and must not think af travelling till tho inflammation was reduced. It was his right shoulder on which he had fallen, and he was utterly helpless. Thc haudy young mau of the Medlow Anns had to valet him sud assUt bim to eat the tough mutton chop Which was served to him iu lieu of ull the delicacies of Medlow Court. A messenger came from that hospitable mansion at 10 o'clock with u little note from Juliet " Why did you not turn up at dinner lime? Major Swanwick said you More all right. I waited till I saw you got up, safe and sound. So Börry for poor old Mahmud. Come to breakfast to-morrow and tell us all about it. We killed in a quarter of un hour.-Yours, JULIET." Harrington sent his best regards to Miss Baldwiu and his apologies to Lady Burdon shaw, and begged to inform them that he had dislocated his shoulder, and was uunblc lo write. He had a miserable night-sleepless and in pain-haunted by the ghost of Mahmud, whose miserable end afflicted him sorely, and troubled by the perplexities of his financial position. Should he tell his father the whole truth ? Alas, it seemed only yesterday that he had told his father thc whole truth about his college debts ; and though truthfulness is a great virtue, a Becond confession oomiug an the heels of the first might bc too much for Mr. Dalbrook's patience. Should he borrow the money from Juanita? No, too humiliating. He hud always felt n restraining pride in all his intercourse willi hiB grand relations ut Cheriton Chase. They were of his own blood ; but they were above him in social status, and ho was sensitively alive lo thu difference iu position. Could he apply to his brother? Again the answer was in the Dcgutive. Ho doubted whether Theodore posnessed eighty guineas in the world. And so he went on revolving the same con- siderations through his fevered brain -alt through the long winter night. There ware moments of exasperation and senii-dclirinm, wbea.%» "thought he wouldgo over to Medlow1 Coarta» soon aa ho waa aol*to -move, and appeat^o thebenímienDeef l«dy Bnrdensbaw' ter thetemporary accornotodaiten of « cheque' lor eighty guinea«. Anotabas the night wore on till the morn- ing Bolinda of the inn brought the sense of .ternreality aerou hit feverish dreams: and then, amidst the crowing of nooks, and thc1 bumping of pails and tramping of horses in ' the stable yard, he contrived to fall asleep, after having failed in that endeavour all through the quiet of the night. I 'It was about half-past eleven, and tho handy-man had helped him to make a decent toilet and to transfer himself to a sofa that wes a little harder than the bed, when a pony carrinpe drove up to the door, and the chamber-maid came in with an awe-etrlcken faee to announce Lady Bnrdcnshaw and another lady, and wonld he please to sec them, as they wanted to come upstairs. The room was tidy, and he was dressed es welles a helpless man could bc, so he said,' yes, they might come np, which was almost unnecessary, us they were already on the stairs, and were in the room a minute after- wards. Juliet expressed herself deeply concerned at her lover s misfortune, though she did not attempt to conceal from him that she con- sidered his riding in fault. Lady Burtenshaw wus more sympathetic, and was horrified at the discomfort of his surroundings. '" You cannot possibly endure that cruel looking sofa till your shoulder ÍB well," she said, "and such a small room, too, poor fellow ; and a horrid low ceiling ; and the house smells damp. I wonder if we could' venturcto move him to the Court, Ju." Ju was decidedly of opinion that such a proceeding would bc to the last degree dangerous. "The -only chanco for his shoulder is to1 keep quiet," ahc aaid. ^Unfortunately, the surgeon bad said the' same thing, and there could bc no doubt about lt. "-Perhaps yob could send'him a sofa?" sug- gested Alulicc "Of course I could; and lean send him soups and jellies and things-but that isn't I ike having him at Medlow, where be could have* large airy room, and where you and I could1 toke it in turns to amuse him." "'Dear Lady Rnrdensbaw, you ure too good to«n almost stranger," murmured Harring- ton, moved to 'tfie verge of tears 'by ber geniality. "Strange); ! fiddlesticks. Don't I -know' your cousin, Lord Cheriton ; and -has not' your father done business -for mc ? Besides, 'I; like young men, when they're modest and pleasant, as you ure. Indeed I sometimes; like them when they're impertinent. I like Í'oung ?faces and young voices about me. I ike to be amused, and to see people -happy;' I can't'endure'thc idea of your lying forever so many days and nights in this dog-kennel,' When you came to Medlow to enjoy yourself."' ' * tit urusn't be many days and nigh ts. I most rífeosle somehow by the end of the week, if post »ll the way." ..Oh, yoa needn't post When you are' nstetO^K! moved, 'my carriage shall take you to'sne station ; and lil set the railroad people te Mke ian invalid carriage'through to Dor chsstier'for you." -^Indeed, you must not be impatient, Harry," -said Juliet. " I shall come to see yoa «very dav, except on the - hunting days/ and even'tben l can walk over fn the "evening1 if Lady B. will let me." '"'Of'eeurse I <shalliet-you. 'AH my sym- pathies «re with 'lovers, <and when -you -are' married I «hall give'Mr. Ddibrook as much of myHMsfness as I possibly can venture-tc t*ké awayfremtbose dear Wd fossils at- Salisbury1 Mfcoifcaore-been the family lawyers for the best part af a century." ¡ Juliet had confided herengagementto Lady 11\. at'the beginning of her visit, »nd she and Lsdy 'B. had talked over the young man's' lohanees of doing weil in'the world, «nd thd wisdom or the foolishness of euch an alliance.! XadylB. had seen a'good deal of smart young' men and women, «.ria «he had discovered that ¡the smart young men were very keen io the furtherance of their own interests, and'thntf the-«mart young women bod -considerable; difficulty in getting themselves' permanently1 established in the smart world by-smart mar-; irisges. Some were beautiful, 'and many wert), ?admired; bat they had'to wait for eligible' suitors, and one false step in the early stages' of'their career would sometimes blight their chances of-success. Juliet had taken many false steps, and had got herself a good deal* talked «bout, and Lady'Burdenshaw felt that' her chance of making an advantageous match bad been lessening yearby year until it had .como to be almost nil. 'i '"'?If'this young fellow is sensible and good looking, and has a little money, I Teally (think, Ju, you ought to marry him," cou-' oladsd Lady B.' talking 'the matter over with her proMgie before she had seen Harrington.;, She'fancied that Juliet had cooled some-' what in her feelings towards her youthful j lover within the last week or ten days. "It! j might be Lady B. thought that she began td perceive that he was too yoong, that the dif- ference'in their ages, which was not much, < end the difference intheir worldly experiences, ' which 'was enormous, unfitted them to be" bsppy'together. ?] " Wo doubt, the young -than -is a pit ntier,"] reflected Lady Burdonshaw, after- Haning-:: tow« "appearance at Medlow, <Lbat he'is a' good-looking fellow and ' by no means bad-as! ailis offer. Of course he is too young'for' Delict, anti much too fresh and innocent to understand her ; but if fae knew more "he1' wouldn't-be so «seer to marry her-so she] ought to be satisfied." j "Lady Burdenshaw sent a delightful sofa J ' ootl«iot of books, flowers, pillows, foot-rests,1] and other luxuries in one of ber own waggons,' within en hour of her return to Medlow, and! !Harringtou'ev comfort was 'considerably in-; creased by her kindness. Still the thought of that wretched acceptance was like a thora in every cushion, a scorpion under every'' pillow, a wasp in every flower. Nor was he'] altogether «.t ease about Juliet. He thought that 'he had detected a constraint in 'ber manner, a shiftiness in her lovely-eyes. It' had'wounded him that she had so- promptly apposed his being conveyed to Medlow. It; .might bc that she was influenced only by cou-" «ern for his safety; yet.it would have been'' .natural for his betrothed to wish to have bim,; .under thc same roof with her, where she' unigUt tend and comfort him in bis hclpless ittess. Pain und anguish were wringing his" Ibrow, and she who should' have been minis-" 'tering .angel was content, to limit her minis-, 'trction to half-an-hour-of somewhat disjoinndi conversation, and to the polite utteutiondf. Ibringinghini the morning papers, when every-' Ibody at Medlow hod looked at them. , Lady Iturdeniihaw hui very kindly taken, .upon herself to write to Matthew Dalbrook explaining his -sou's prolonged absence, and: making light of hie- aouident as a mauler only' Suvolving ii few days' rest. (To At Continued.) 