ORANGE PEELINGS. [Gathered by oun Correspondent.]] Obange, Tuesday night. Like a thunderbolt from a clear sky camo the announcement in the National Advocate this morning that Par liament was dissolved. Of course other electorates were prepared for it, but Orange is a dull old hole politically ; so much so that we hardly know whether there has to bo an election at all. To be sure we have plenty of people who as pire to Parliamentary honors (falssly so called), but half of - them seem to be frightened, while the other half are not game. There was another thunderbolt to-day when it became known that Mr. Torpy was to retire from the contest. The late member's ' organ ' is not yet published, but I have it on the best of authority that he will not faco the music. All sorts of conjectures were made during the day as to who would run in the pro tectionist interest, the favorite being tho Hon. T.' Dalton, M. L. C., who, as all parties recognise, would be an immensely stronger man than Mr. Torpy. The latter gentleman has been a faithful sup porter of tho Government, and deserves well of his party. But somehow or other he is not popular, and a contest against Mr. Newman only meant certain defeat. The new arrangement, however, may en tirely alter the aspect of things. The only candidates who have had the grace to come before tho electors are Messrs. Ardill and Jaeger, neither of whom to put it mildly, has driven the free and independent crazy with enthu siasm. Mr. Ardill seems not to have made up his mind whether ho is a free trader or a protectionist. No doubt tha gentleman has such a largo nqind that it takes a long time to mako it up. Mr. Jaeger protests that he is a freetrader and a thorough democrat. Somo day or other it is expected Mr. Newman will make his appearance. Ho has had his hands full of work, but if ho doesn't hurry up, the freetraders will get im patient. It will be a close fight between tho two principal candidates, though with any other candidate than Newman, the freetraders would have no show. The weather, great Ctesar's ghost, has been somothing simply sickening. When it rains in other places you can see be tween the drops, but in Orange the air is filled with water and it soaks into you sidoways. Wohaven't seen tho Canoblas for days and will hardly recognise tho mountain whon the mistB clear off, if they ever do cle.iroff. One of our most respected townsmen has, I fear, got into difficulties, andhad to file. It is not a matter of surprise — in fact, the wonder is that so many people keep afloat. Times must be hard with business people, and in Orange a wet Monday piles up tho n^ony. The only day in tho weok our storekeepers make any ' beans' is Monday, and you needn't look- at tho weather because the corners of a storekeeper's mouth will tell you whether it is going to be fine or not. When it is to be fine the muscles connected with the ends of the mouth tighten up, and result in a smile. When the air is moist the tendons relax, and down goes the mouth. It is a curious atmospheric effect, and a perfect study in physiology, 