_____WEDNESDAY, MAY 2, 1894____ There is one reform to which Mr. DOWNES CARTER is deeply pledged, and to which it may be hoped he will persuade the Ministry to consent during the coming session. It is found necessary to have a Committee of Public Account in Great Britain in order that there shall be no mistake about the national finances, and assuredly there is far and away more need for such a body here. Mr. DOWNES CARTER has tabled one motion after another in favour of the appointment of such a committee ,and his opportunity for giving effect to his policy would seem to have arrived. There will be no strong opposition now to the pro- posal from any quarter, a painful ex- perience having shown the need for more supervision and more information than is provided at present. In Great Britain the Committee of Public Account exists to see that the money voted for the public revenue is properly applied. There is only the public revenue to deal with in Great Britain. There is no huge loan account as there is here. There are no heavy trust funds in the hands of the state, as there are here, to be dipped into at discretion. In this colony we have revenue, loans, and trust funds all mixed up in the one public account, and confusion is certain and extravagance is made possible. It was not known to most people, scarcely indeed was it known to one member of Parliament, that the bulk of | the trust funds had been used by suc- cessive Governments as income, so that a year ago every penny which could be so utilised had been expended. When the Treasurer of the day announced also that the loan funds had been trenched upon his statement was generally discredited, and when on inquiry it was found that he was substantially correct, a local loan was at once put upon the market to remedy the dangerous indiscretion, which was generally condemned, and which led, indeed, to his swift retirement from offce. Yet, if oneTreasurer could step into the false position another might be tempted to go a step further. There would be no one to detect the impro- priety, and if some time later on the procedure should be challenged, why, the evil would have occurred, and there would be nothing for it but to make up the money once more. Consideration of such facts as these must show that the cheock on the public account is insufficient to- day, and that the in- formation afforded to Parliament and to the peopleo is altogether incomplete. The Public Account Committee would be an honorary committee, as it is in Great Britain. It would merely be one more of the standing committees of the House, such as the Printing, the Library, the Sessional Orders com- mittees, and so on, Incidentally it would have the great merit that it would educate some six o rseven members of the Assembly to thoroughly understand the routine of the public finances, and that would be a pronounced gain in itself, because nothing is more unfor- tunate for the credit of the colony than the disputes which continually occur regarding our actual financial posi- tion. When the Shiels-Berry Budget was brought in we were convinced that as a mere matter of bookkeeping that Ministry grievously over-estimated the actual deficit of that day. The leading financiers in both Houses were of the same opinion, so were the Audit Com- missioners, and yet it was possible to have this over-statement of the deficit insisted upon here and cabled to Eng- land - though happily it was not put on the permanent records. On the other hand, as we had to show on a prior occasion, an announced surplus was really subject to large deductions - deductions which were after dis- cussion duly made. These errors and omissions should not be possible to the extent they now are. An indepen- dent statement of the real position of the public account would be grateful to Parliamont and to the country, and it would be a great check upon Ministers, a check for which many Ministries would in the long run be grateful ; for many Ministries in the past have been embarrassed by the incompetence and the trickery of their Treasurers, and there is no reason to suppose that history will not repeat itself in the future. Thereis no need whatever why there should be mystification about our public finances. They were disturbed by the enormous inflation of the boom period, when millions were borrowed in Great Britain, and of each pound borrowed 2s. 6d. or 3s. was stopped at the Customs, but the steady object of the colony has been, and still is, to restore equilibrium. The more that is known of our financial arrangements the better for our credit. Our peoplo are honest, and would not knowingly sanction any arrangements which were not strictly honest, and this broad drift is what the world regards, and not the mischances of the hour. But this mixing of loan money, of trust funds, of taxes, enables a shifty Treasurer to juggle to his heart's content, to indulge in an ex- travagance not warranted by the real revenue, and to keep the true condition of affairs from the public knowledge. He can claim to implicate his prede- cessors and to go free himself, and then a wearisome and discrediting squabble ensues, in which the men who will not juggle are lible at the time to be worsted. The shifty Treasurer, with his three accounts to handle, may come off triumphant, and the trustworthy man may be left under a cloud. It is not to the public interest that there should be this unchecked opportunity of budget juggling. The duties of a Committee of Public Account would be to report as to whether loan funds had been kept intact for loan fund purposes, whether trust funds had beeon invested or used as revenue, and whether the public revenue had or had not been applied as voted, and had or had not mot the public expenditure. The check might not be complete. Few checks are. But with a precise statement of this character laid before Parliament it would be a good deal more difficult than it has been in the past for Treasurers to dip their hands improperly into the various accounts, to indulge in extravagance for a time, and to leave heoavy deficits to be painfully made up in hard times after- wards. Mr. CARTER has pressed the point with ability before now, and though he was defeated when he was in Opposition he should be successful now that he is in office.___________________ For the first time Melbourne has witnessed the impressive ceremony by which a bishop of the Church of Eng- land is consecrated and set apart for the discharge of the great religious duties that devolve upon him. Everyone in the audience must have been stirred by the earnest phrases of the service, by the symbols of the episcopal office, by the imposition of hands. The whole ceremonial is noteworthy, because it shows how those who are placed in authority are also pledged to be the ministers and servants of the Church. But yesterday there was a special ground for public interest. Not only is Dr. GREEN the first bishop who has been consecrated in Melbourne, but he has received all his education and training in the colony. Although he does not happen to be a native of Victoria, his learning has been gained and all his experience has been derived from work in the colonial church. Other clergymen have been raised to the episcopal office who had been associ- ated with the colonial churches, but they had studied in the mother country. The new Australian bishop, however, was a Victorian student. And it is therefore especially interesting to find that by his scholarly attainments, his labours, his gift of administration, and devotion to the Church, he has been promoted to one of the highest and most responsible positions which the Church can bestow. Doubtless others among the younger Australian clergymen will strive to deserve a similar public trust to that which has beeon reposed in Dr. GREEN. There would be iust as much narrow- ness in ignoring the claims of men who have been trained and who have served in the colonies as in rushing to the other ex- treme of declaring that all the bishoprics should be filled by local divines. The Church of England ought to strive after unity. Its main principle in making appointments to the higher offices is obviously to seek for the best available man, without caring to what diocese or to what part of the Church he may be- long If the most suitable man is to be found here the natural tendency will be to choose him. If not, then it will be necessary to look elsewhere. In the election of bishops the synods should feelthat they are perfectly free to select any man whom they deem fittest for the office. It is the fashion of a certain class to declaim against bishops - to speak of theom as if they received large incomes for which they rendered an inadequate service. But so far as his pecuniary interest and his personal comfort are concerned, Bishop GREEN will suffer by his promotion. The diocese of Grafton and Armidale contains about 70,000 square miles. The population is scat- tered, and there ar many little town- ships and stations whereo services are never held. Not only will the new bishop be required to supervise the work of the clergymen who are already established in parishes, but he will be called upon to devise some means of extending it to these outlying places. In addition to the ordinary work of administering the diocese, he will probably be expected to travel through the length and breadth of this great tract of country. And as will be seen from a letter from the Rev. W. J. KILLICK PIDDINGTON, -which we pub- lished yesterday, the anllowance given to the bishop is wholly insufficient for his work and his position. The late bishop, Dr. TURNER, spent much of his private fortune, and then found that the financial difficulty, as well as the physical toil, was too great for him. The whole sum available for the bishop appears to be £550 a year, which is paid out of a small endowment. No residence is provided for him, nor is there any fund to meet his travelling expenses. Dr. GREEN is young and energetic, and will doubtless do the utmost that can be done in the circum- stances. Before accepting the office he would be made acquainted, as a matter of course, with the conditions. But it is nevertheless the duty of the Church to place him in a position that will enable him more effectually to sustain his dignity and perform his duty. And this can be best achieved by raising an endowment fund. It is not likely that much can be contributed in the diocese of Grafton and Armidale. Where there are twenty-three parishes scattered over so many miles of country, with numerous places in which the services of the Anglican Church are almost or altogether unknown, the local members of the body will have enough to do in extending the work to outlying town- ships and stations. The synod of the diocese has accordingly made an appeal to the Church of England, and the necessities of the position are now being strongly urged by Mr. KILLICK PIDDINGTON. It is pro- posed to raise a fund of £8,000, of which £2,000 would be used to build and the interest on the remainder would increase the bishop's emolu- ments. Considerable support has been already promised in New South Wales, and it is to be hoped that the members of the Church of England in Victoria will not lag behind. The matter, of course, is one that calls princi- pally for the attention of the wealthier Anglicans. It would, perhaps, hardly be fair at the present time to appeal to the congregations, many of which are hard put to it to carry on their work unimpaired. But those who have influence might be expected to give some consideration to the case and some help to the new bishop. It would be unjust to appoint a young and vigorous administrator and eloquent preacher to a see and then to leave him in such a cramped financial position that he might be unable to do justice to his ability, to his conscience, and to his church. ______________oOo____________ The address of the chairman of the Bank of New South Wales was notable in many respects. Mr. BUCKLAND spoke for one thing on the anniversary of the May disasters, so that he had the retro- spect of an eventful year behind him. And amongst otheor things he had to refer to the efforts made by the Govern- ment of his colony to mitigate the storm. Those efforts were a good deal criticised at the time, but after taking stock of the past Mr. BUCKLAND and other experts see their way to approve of them as of solid advantage to the community. The procedure ought therefore to be noted for use should at any time another crisis occur, for though this generation may reasonably expect not to have to endure another May ordeal, yet there is some ground for the contention that financial storms come in cycles. JEVONS, indeed, argues that there is a ten years cycle, and that it runs as follows : Depressed trade, three years ; healthy trade, three years ; excited trade, two yeura ; bubble, one year ; collapse, one year. According to the Jevons theory Australia should now be well on the upward grade. Apart from this " cycle system," which has by no means so much to recommend it as its friends suppose, it is beyond doubt monetary panics do occur from time to time in all countries, and the difficult question is how to arrest them. Different experiments were tried in the leading Australian colonies. It is for financial authorities to compare results. The broad rule , it would appear, is that the Govern- ment can interfere to pledge its credit in order to stop an unreasoning panic, and that it ought to be careful about pledging its credit at any other time. It should reserve that credit for those special and extraordinary emergencies when it can act with effect. On the whole Sir GEORGE DIBBS came remark- ably well out of the fiery trial. He did interfere to stop the run so far as it was senseless, and he probably will be very slow to undertake banking business or banking responsibilities now that normal conditions prevail._______ His Excellency the Governor will leave for Castlemaine andl Maldon this morning at 10 20 by special train returning to Spencer street station at 8.15 this evening. To- morrow evening he will be present at the concert to be given by Madame Belle Coles Concert Company at the Town-hall. At the meeting of the Executive Council yesterday Mr.T. R. Wilson was sworn in as an Audit Commissioner and member of the Public Service Board. Mr. C. A. Topp was appointed under secretary, Dr. Gresswell acting chairman of the Board of Health, and Mr. C. Tynan secretary for Education. An order in Council was passed requiring 67 married female teachers to retire from the public service. This is the first batch of female teachers called upon to the leave the department owing to the teaching staff being in excess of the requirements. Others will shortly be required to retire. A ceremony unique in tho ecclesiastical history of Victoria took place in St. Paul's Cathedral yesterday, when the Rev. Dr. Green, Bishop elect of Grafton and Armidale was consecrated to his office. A special interest also attached to the occasion from the fact that the Rev. Dr. Green, though not the first Victorian clergyman appointed to the episcopal dignity, is the only one to receive his training in Melbourne. So keen was the desire to witness the ceremony. the utmost precautions were necessary to prevent unseemly confusion, & the admis- sions were strictly regulated by tickets. Even under this arrangement the Cathedral was crowded fully a quarter of an hour be- fore the commencement of the ceremony, and many of the congregation, including ladies, remained standing during the three hours of the service. The consecration of the new Bishop of Grafton and Armidale by the laying on of hands yesterday was marked by the most imposing ceremony. Six bishops -those of Riverina, Adelaide, Newcastle, Goulburn, Ballarat, and Melbourne, assisted in the service, the place of the Primate, who is absent in England, being filled by the Bishop of Ballarat as senior bishop. The Bishop of North Queensland was only pre- vented from being present by the disast- rous floods in that colony. In addition, a strong contingent of the clergy from the dioceses of Ballarat, Grafton and Armidale, and Melbourne swelled the procession which was sufficiently lengthy to extend down one aisle and along the nave again to the point of departure. At the morning service the preacher was the Bishop of Goulburn, and after the consecration ceremony the sacrament of the Holy Com- munion was administered to the clergy, the choir, and the general public. In the after- noon the visiting bishops were present at a conversazione given by the Mayor in the Town-hall, and in the evening a full choral evensong was held, the preacher being the new Bishop of Grafton and Armidale. The principal business of public interest which came before the commission of the Presbyterian Assembly at its meeting yester day was the report of the committee for the relief of the unemployed. The discussion on this subject was characterised, as might have been expected, by a robust common- sense, untinged by sensationalism. Generally it was conceded that the volume of distress will not be so great this year as last, but that a class of persons is now being reached which escaped before, viz., those who have gradually come to want after parting with everything by which temporary relief could be obtained. The convener of the com- mittee strongly deprecated the holding of meetings and opening of funds, but urged quiet, charitable, tactful work, and due inquiry in each case, relief being only given where such a course was at all possible as a return for work done. The Rev. Alex Marshall commended the steps taken by the Government, and thought it could no thave prudently gone further than it had done. He severely criticised the action of the meeting convened by the Mayor of Melbourne, where it was decided that each municipality should look after its own poor, and asserted that ecclesiastical narrow- mindedness could not compare with muni- cipal narrow- mindedness, for the repre- sentatives of the municipalities showed themselves unable to rise above the consideration of their own next election. Ultimately a deliverance embodying what was considered the duty of the church in the matter was agreed to. Everyone is familiar with the amusing little theological stories which form the social stock-in-trade of the Presbyterian minister. Many a tea-meeting audience has submitted to them with patience, if not thanks; but when the tables are turned and an attempt is made to inflict them upon ministers themselves in assembly there is an immediate revolt. At the meeting of the Presbyterian Commission yesterday the Rev. James Gibson was argu- ing a question as to the examination of students in theology, and having told a story as to how Dr. Norman McLeod, after sub- mitting as examiner a question as to Hitch- cock's Theology, confessed in company with the student that he had not read it himself, he was proceeding to another "little illustration" when the Rev. P.J. Murdoch rose with marks of suffering in his face and begged to be spared. "If," he said, "Mr Gibson spent precious time telling yarns and reviving old chestnuts the business would never be done. A mur- mur of approval ran through the assembly, Mr Gibson bowed apparently before the storm, but, nevertheless he managed to squeeze in another story of how an exam- iner put to a student the single question, "How will you take it-hot or cold?" Mem- bers had probably taken it both ways many times for not the ghost of a smile rewarded the humourist. If anything is more remarkable in the proceedings of the Presbyterian As- sembly than the hard hits delivered it is the good humour with which they are taken. That portion of the business of the com- mission of the Presbyterian Assembly yes- terday which dealt with the report of the committee on standing orders was of little general public interest, but there were one or two lively interludes. A motion was proposed limiting the time for moving "the previous question." This brought up Professor Rentoul, bristling at every quill. A member might, he said, submit a motion of such a character that though the New Testament forbade that a brother should be called a fool there might be great misgivings on the subject. Under such circumstances the carrying of the previous question would prevent the news paper fellows from having a fling at the great Presbyterian Assembly. If, however, the discussion was continued the news- papers wonld employ their hack writers to gird at the church. Many a time, said Professor Rentoul-ignoring the New Testament injunction-the church had been saved by the carrying of the previous question from the consequences of the mistake of a fool. This vision of a hack writer was too much for the assembly, and the proposed amendment was negatived in fear and trembling. To judge from the report of the inspector of fisheries the fishermen on the eastern side of Port Phillip Bay had a bad time of it last year. At Portsea there are 7 fishermen employing three boats, and the results have been so unsatisfactory that some of them contemplate going to West Australia to fish. At Sorrento there are eleven men and nine boats. Flathead is the principal fish caught, and though the quantity of fish was up to the average of previous years prices were so low that the men allege they hardly made a living. At Rye and Rosebud flathead are the fish mostly caught, but here again the complaint is against the low prices realised. Captain Anderson states that one of the fishermen engaged in this locality recently sent 14 baskets of flathead to the market, and when his returns were made up he found himself 3s. 6d. in debt, in addition to which he had to pay the man who assisted him in the boat. At these places there were 42 fisher- men with 29 boats. Fish have been so scarce at Dromana that the number of fishermen have been reduced to two, who state that there has been no net fish- ing for about six months. The fishermen at Mornington, numbering 26 and employing 24 boats, did fairly well with flathead, but their success is largely due to the regular train service to Melbourne. Captain Ander- son reports that the class of boats at Frankston is the best used on that side of the bay, and that the returns were good owing to the regular means of transit to Melbourne. At this place there were 23 men and 19 boats With reference to the visit of Dr. Henry Tuck from the home office of the New York Life Insurance Company, his position has been mentioned as that of assistant manager. His proper designation and 0ffice is vice-president of the company. Mr Harry Armytage, M.L. A., having signified his intention of not again seeking to represent the electorate of Grant, the mayor of Ballarat City, Councillor T. H. Thompson, has (writes our Ballarat corre- spondent) acceded to the request of a large number of electors to become a can- didate. Councillor Thompson will receive a strong mining and agricultural support. In the report of the police court proceed- ings against J. K. Mecredy, late of Mecredy Drew and Company Limited, which was published in The Argus of 24th ult., it was stated that a clerk named Richard Down said in evidence that Mecredy and Drew, after consultation took certain steps to secure an overdraft from the Bank of New South Wales. It should have read, "Mecredy and Bruce after consultation," &c.;, a mistake having arisen through the similarity in the sound of the two names. Mr. E. J. Thomas, the secretary of the Premier's department, retired from the public service yesterday. The Premier & his colleagues entertained Mr. Thomas at lunch at Parliament House. Mr. Patterson, in proposing the health of their guest, re- ferred to the long career of Mr. Thomas in the Government service, and to the ability and energy he had brought to bear in the discharge of his duties. Mr. Thomas res- ponded, thanking the Ministers for the compliment they had paid him. The mails which left Melbourne on March 17 by the R.M.S. Massilia, and were due in London yesterday arrived there on Monday morning. A somewhat delicate question connected with academic costume came before the University senate yesterday. Upon Pro- fessor Allen fell the task of explaining why for the future batchelors of science ins- tead of light brown silk should affect mossed green silk, edged with white fur, and Drs. of science should be similarly arrayed in moss green, and raised also if they chose to the dignity of a hood of scar- let silk. The idea, as he stated, was to do away with two different kinds of colours in arts, engineering, and so forth, and so sim- plify matters that directly a coloour was seen it should be known to what faculty the wearer belonged. Lucidly, however, aas Professor put the case, he encountered difficulties. Dr. Wilson upbraided the sen- ate for its want of judgment in excluding lady graduates from the body, and flatly refused to proceeed with the matter until counsel had been invoked, and assurance obtained that the new tints would suit the masculine complexion. That doubt Pro- fessor Allen was able to set at rest. He had seen a lady graduate in the new costume in unauthorised anticipation of the regula- tion, & it looked charming. A sample of the moss-green silk he laid upon the table, & matters were further complicated by a member of the senate, still dissatisfied, de- manding the production of the wearer her- self. A purely academic discussion threat- enede to trench upon the domain of the turf when Professor Alolen subsequently alluded to "sporting silk," and he was judiciously interrupted. "You are getting hazy," remarled Dr. Wilson, and the senate adopted the new colours without further comment. At the instance of Mr Tucker, M.L.A., the chairman of the Factories Board, the Premier has given instructions that when tenders are called in future for flannels, serges, cloths and tweeds, separate tenders are to be invited for white striped flannel, white serges, heavy Welsh flannel, and white blankets so that woollen mills which confine their operations to the manu- facture of those goods might tender for them, and that separate tenders should be invited for tweeds and cloths. The Railway Commissioners are still being pressed to abandon their policy of placing women in charge of stations but as they consider it an act of economy, & economy is essential at present, they are not to be persuaded. Yesterday they told Mr Pratt, M.L.C. , Mr Langdon, M.L.A., & the other members of a deputation from Barrakee that they could not comply with their re- quest to retain the atationmaster at that place. It was their intention to work the railways in the most economical manner possible, & hoped to have the co operation of all patriots to accomplish that end. The retirement of Mr. Oxenbould from the Customs department has rendered some changes in the staff necessary. Mr. H.M. Mackenzie has been promoted from the position of landing waiter to that of inspec- tor of drawbacks and Mr. M. L. King from the position of landing waiter to that of jerquer. Mr. Oxenbould's retirement reduces the staff by one, and represents a saving in the expenditure. The Sunday train services to Ferntree Gully & Healesville initiated on the 3rd of December last have up to date proved a financial success. A return prepared for information of the Railway Commissioners shows that the number of passengers con- veyed to Ferntree Gully for 22 Sundays, including last Sunday, was 6,549½ & that the revenue amounted to £564 18s. 5d. The average per Sunday was thus 298 passengers and receipts of £25 13s. 6d. The total number of passengers to Heales- ville was 5,633, and the revenue was £678 18s 7½d., average number of passengers being 256, & the average receipts £10 17s. 5d. There were some wet Sundays when traffic fell away which sreduce the average. It is doubtful whether the Sunday train ser vice will be continued further on the Fern- tree Gully line for the present, but passenger accommodation will still be provided in the milk train, which run on the Healesville line.This train always runs on Sundays & if the traffic justifies it a passenger carriage will be attached throughout the winter. A meeting of the Exhibition'trustees was held at the Exhibition building on Monday afternoon, when there were present-Mr L. L. Smith, M.L.A. in the chair, Messrs G.R. Fincham, J. Bosisto, M.L.A., and Council- lor Snowden, Mayor of Melbourne. Several applications for the use of the building were granted, amongst others those of the Victorian Poultry and Dog Society for 4 days in August for the annual show, and the registrar of the University for the western annexe for the May matriculation exams. An inspection of the premises contiguous to the Aquarium was made, with a view to the preparation of plans for fish hatcheries and for open air ponds for fresh water fish. Yesterday the secretary of Mines issued his annual report for the year 1898. It is an interesting one, and contains a number of diagrams of new mining machinery besides reports on boring for gold and coal, & on experiments made in saving gold now lost through defective machinery. The yield of gold last year was 671,126 oz.,- 16,670 oz. in excess of the yield of 1892,& the largest of any year since 1885. Mr Howitt believes, from the progressive work being done in all parts of the colony, the yield will not only be maintained, but will show an inc- crease this year. He urges that steps should be taken to develop the deep alluv- ial leads in the central portion of the col- ony, as they would not only add greatly to the annual yield of gold, but would give employment to thousands of people. Att- ention is drawn to the necessity of saving fine gold and the treatment of sulphides, and also of the classification and sizing of mine material previous to treatment. Last year 904,367 tons of quartz were crushed and if the methods of saving fine gold were improved so as to save even 1dwt. per ton of the amoung now lost the annual addi- tion to our gold yield would be 45,218oz., valued at £180,875. Reference is made to the important development during the last 12 months in the coal seams at Korum- burra. The boring operations show there are 20,000,000 tons of workable coal tere. The output in 1893 was 91,726 tons, as against 23,353 in the preceding year. At thye present time the colony was practic- ally independent of outside supplies of coal & before long, ought to be able to export. At a meeting of the committee of the VictorianWomen's Franchise League held last night the formation of branches at Ballarat, Geelong, Fitzroy, and Carlton was reported & various matters of importance were dealt with. A resolution was passed affirming that it would be a desirable thing to amalgamate the society with the Nation- al Society for obtaining women suffrage. It was also decided to continue the formation of branches and active propaganda work. The Society refuses to concern itself in any other question than a removal of the disqualification from voting placed upon women on account of sex. It asserts that men and women should have the same right of voting accorded to them. A handsome beques thas been made to the Trinity College Hostel for lady students by the late Mr W. E. Stanbridge, of Wombat near Daylesford. The deceased bequeath- ed to his executors the sum of £1,000 for purpose of founding a scholarship in con- nection with the hostel, to be called the Florence Colles Stanbridge Scholarship. The executors, Messrs Henry Henty and Thomas Colles, have full power under the will to define the terms upon which the scholarship is to be competed for and the class of persons to be allowed to compete. The deceased also bequeathed to the college the sum of £5,000 upon the happening of certain contingencies pro- vided by the will, and subject to certain provisions for abatement or increase. The estimates for military buildings, forts, and defence works for the coming finan- cial year, like the expected expenditure throughout the various Government de- partments, will, in keeping with the econ- omic spirit of the times, show a decided decrease. The secretary for Defence has requested the Public Works authorities to place on their estimates for the ensuing year £6,500 for military purposes. The only other money asked for by them in connection with works us a revote of £700 for the construction of defences at Thurs- day Island. The cost of these when handed over is to be £23,053, & by agreement the various Australian colonies conjointly con- tribute this amount. Although accounts for the greater portion of this colony's share have been received by Qld., yet until the final acounts are forwarded, it is only in- tended to remit from the vote for the cur- rent year, £700 short of amt.appropriated. The members of the Water Commission will leave Melbourne today for Korong- vale, where they will remain for the night. Tomorrow they will proceed to Charlton, & after inspecting the Coonooer weir and the Charlton urban works will take eidence in the mechanics' institute. On Friday they will inspect weirs and other works along the Avoca River and drive to L'Albert via Quambatook.They will leave L'Albert early on Saturday morning for Wedderburn, where they will take evid- ence in the afternoon, and return to Melbourne by the train which reaches Spencer-street at 11.15 p.m. "Queen's Evidence" is drawing large audi- ences to the Alexandra Theatre nightly. The piece can, however, only be played till next Saturday, when a new sensational drama, " During Her Majesty's Pleasure," will be produced. Under Mr Arthur Garner's management the reopening of the Bijou Theatre on Saturday next with "The Morals of May- fair" is intended to be a success. Exten- sive alterations are being made to the entrance and auditorium to ensure the comfort of the audiences. The first of the Madame Belle Cole Com- pany's concerts is announced for this evening. The company includes, in ad- dition to Madame Belle Cole, Mr Philip Newbury, tenor; Miss Emily Spada, sop- rano; Mr. Chas McGrath, bass; & Mdlle. Murkens, violiniste. The programme is popular & refined, & should meet the tastes of all classes of the musical public. Attention is desired to be directed to the advertisement elsewhere of the Esperance Bay & Coolgardie Trading Co. Ltd. regard- ing advantages of the Esperance Bay route to the Western Australian gold-fields. Attention is desired to be directed to the auction of Ayrshire cattle, ponies, stud Lincolns, &c.; which takes place tomorrow Iat Cororooke, on account of Mr. J.H. Conno9r, M.L.C. Buyers from Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Camperdown, etc. will be met at Colac station & driven to the sale, returning in time for evening trains. A meeting of the Ormond College Literary & Debating Society will be held this even- ing. The subject for debate is "Heredity v. Environent," to be opened by Mr. H.Walk- er, B.A. & Respondent will be E.Fowles, B.A. The ScotsChurch Young Men's Guild will give a musical evening in the church hall, Russell street, tonight. The committee of the Protection, Liberal & Federation League will this evening con- sider a proposal that delegates from the different liberal societies in Vic. be invited] to attend a convention in Melb. at an early date re united action at next gen. election. In connection with the St John Ambulance Society a lecture will be delivered by Dr J. W. Springthorpe in the South Melbourne Mechanics' Institute this evening on "What to Do in Cases of Emergency." The certifi- cated pupils from the railway classes will be present to illustrate the lecture. Huddart, Parker and Co. Limited intimate that in response to numerous requests, they will run the S.S. Courier to Portarling- ton and Geelong on Sunday next. 