MR. P A R G I TE le THE GHOST. /t When I first knew Gwendoline Gilb t I Tery nearly fell in love with her. t b? that time I had a penchant for healthy- wr ~ looeing girls ; and, being -young . was pic an ardent admirer of the Bitisb blonde. Gwendoline Gilbert was Hygeia herself ; lo Emma, Lady Hamilton, wnen she was in the service of Doctor Graham, the quack, could not haye looked the part th more thoroughly than did Gwendoline. How I adored that girl! At that 51 time, yon know. Mr Burne-Tones hadn't he invented the young lady with the tously hair, the ungainly attitudes, the green he complexion ani the prehensile toes ; so loi it was qnite permissible to admire a girl i% who looked like the goddess of health. She was a parson's daughter; she , hadn't a penny in the world, Sir John Tomlinson was the member for Ratcliff Highway, and had made pots of money h, by the adulteraticn of the poor man's rr beer-I beg his pardon, I take that I back-I mean by his improvements in bi the art of producing malt liquor of a superior description. He came. he saw, he conquered; of course he did. They s were married, they started on their L honeymoon, and I went to Herne Bay g for a fortnight in a huff, and wrote my celebrated monograph on " Sour t Grapes." Lady Tomlinson was nice, beautiful, r and, as we all know, as good as gold. She was by no means inclined to en courage society philanderers; and from b what those gentlemen called her ' stand off" way, and from a certain disinclina tion toward gossip and scandal and small talk, and private theatricals and j music halls, she got the reputation of d being rather stupid. At any rate, in spite of her beauty and her husband's .millions, Gwendoline was not altogether a social success. Now, husbands, as we all know, are brutal persons; they have a nasty trick of not mincing matters with their wives, and of calling a spade a spade. * Look here, Lady Tomlinson," said Sir John-he always called her Lady c Tomlinson-" you don't shine in society; you're not a dancing woman, nor a talk ing woman, nor a politial woman, and you ain't littery. I wish to heaven you'd develop some sort of individuality of your own, Lady Tomlinson." Lady Tomlinson retired instantly to her boudoir and had a good cry. For three whole days did Lady Tomlinson brood and meditate, and then she sent for Mr Pariter, the painter. Mr Pargiter hastened to present him self at Palatial Crescent. W. ** Mr Iargiter." said Lady Tomlinson, "I want to paint-I want to paint in oils." "hb, certainly, Lidy Tomlinson!" said Mr Pargiter; and he smiled, rolled his eyes, and rubbed his hands and bowed. Mr Pargiter was too much of a gentleman ever to contiaict a lady, beside being a popular art teacher, with a hihly aristocratic connection. There fore, he would have said " Oh, cer tainly !" if Lady Tomlinson had wanted to learn to dance on the slack wire. " I want yon give me lessons, Mr Pargiter," sad Lady Tomlinson. '" I mean to exhibit at the Royal Academy.' i said Lady Tomlinson: " I mean to be a distinguished amate:r, and I want yon to show me how. and give me lessons." "Oh certainly !" s-id Mr Pargiter. "Pray name your own terms," said Lady Tomlinson; "expense is no object, but I want the whole thing to be a secret from my husband and my friends, Can we begin to-morrow 7" "Oh. certainly !" szi Mr Pargiter, one more. Then Lady Tomlinson handed Mr Pargiter a cheque for a substantial sum, and requested him to attend at ten o'clock the next morning with what she called the necessary ontfit. Next day, at ten precisely, a four wheeled cab containing Mr Pargiter. a large easel. sereral canases, numerous hro.n-paper parce's. and a lay figure, drew np at the Tomlinsons' house in Palatal Crescent. Mr Pareiter was shoTn at once into her ladyship's bon doir. * Now. MIr Pargiter," said Lady Tomlinson, when she had welcomed the artist. " I shorild like you to paint me an ideal head." He starei at her, and saggested that the unsnual way was to begin by drawing from what he called "the round" in charcoal. " You won't refuse to oblige a lady," she said. "I'm sure I shall learn much more easily by seeing you work. My idea, yon know, was .that yon shonld paint and I should look on-just at first, you know, till I get my hand in." So Mr Pargiter began to paint tie head of what he called a two guinea rustic. Mr Pargiter was accustomed to dispose of heads of this description to iWaggles, the frame maker and picture 'dealer, for forty-two EhillinXs. It would be labelled : " Original Oil Painting, by Pargiter, £4 4s." " I want you to leave the background till the very last," said Lady Tomlin son o" Oh, certainly I" replied the artist. "I believe you artists," said Lady Tomlinson, "often smoke while you paint. Are you a smoker. Mr IPer giter ?' " I work twice as well when I smoke." said that gentleman ; and there was a knowing twinkle in his eye as he said the words Lady Tomlinson left the room : she retarnei with a box of Cabinet J'artagas. " These are what Sir John snokt's," she said; "pray make yourself et home, Mr Pargiter." That gentleman took her at her word : he worked away for four hoars at h:b ruSli head, and ire smoked no less than seven choice cigars. Then he rsceived permission to depart; and is he rwalkel home he wondered considerably, for Lady Tomlinson hdi been engaged upon a three-volume novre from Muade's dlr ing the whole of the-well, lesson. " However, it's none of my busine:," thought Mr Pargiter. who was a p;ii losopher: "and h;eides, she makes it worth my while." It took Mr Parg:ter four "siti:ng " to finish that rustic head. W~ieo-:t ;t?r Squite done he remarked to L'dy 'I'c;: linson that there wrs nothing mor- e,, d,, than to smndge in a bsckground of burn' sienna. *'That's where I come in, said Ladv Tomfineon. " If yu'll do thei> Jge ,fi the bacikhround in all the little in- au.l out places sonal th. head I'll finish it." They carri~d out that simple I'ru gramme. " Now, there's nAthing I-ft but tu sigu It, I suppose," said her ladyship. ',* E ctil aso" ruil Ar Pprgitcr. Anl lie tonk a little sqnlwze of ivory black on C the ipont of a small brush and was about to aflix the magic name of Pargiter. •* Let me try," said her ladyship. She took thebrush from Mr Pargiter's "' hand, and in great sprawling letters she wrote in the right-hand corner of the pictnre, " Owen. Tomlinacn." "Madam," said Mr Pargiter, with a s low bow, when sh" had finished, " you're a genits." And then she placed an envelope in the artist's hand. 'I can trust you, Mr Pargiter' C she said, in those soft purring tones of g hers. Mr Pargiter laid his hand upon his heart, gave Lady Tomlinson what looked very like a wink, and assured c her. in so-em'a tones, that she c)ul1. Two days afterward Lady Tomlinson was " At Home." I was there : I am an art critic by profession, you know. SOn a green plush casel, draped by a heavy curtain of green plush, stcoi the rustic head in an eight-in:h gilt frame. t [ dmn't know what the head was worth. Sbnt the frame was cheap at a five-pound note. * What do you think of it," Mr Y Scorcher, bleated that innocent lamb, r Lady Tomlinson, to me. " '',e just F got it home from my frame-maker's, and e it's the first of my efforts that I've had r the hardihood to show to my friends." I compared it to Grenze. I said it *' renin ed me of Madame Vigee le Bron, . and various other artists. Next spring Sthey hung it at Burlington House; they n hung that two-guinea Pargiter. and we d all went into ecstasies at the private \- view. d But the measure of Lady Tomlinson's in:quity was not yet fqll. She pulled down the wall papers from her boudoir, [n and she decorated the walls of that s apartment with an extraordinary compo er sition of trees, flowers, sunsets, wheat I sheaves, and good-looking children and y girls, under the superintendence of the g villain Pargiter. Half London went to 8 see it. Sir John Tomiinson is justly proud of d his wife. She is an artistic light now. y She has only to take a young artist by ; the hatd and his fortune's made. " I'm very fond of Lady Tomlinson," Ssaid .Mr Pargiter to me the other day ; " she throws a good deal of work in my y way." 