Nellie's Glen. A Mountain Myth. (Weittex foe the Sydney Mail.) By F. J. C. Chapter J. Easter, 18—, and a miserable Easter it was. For a long time the parched country had cried for mois ture, and it had come at last —in torrents. Rain had fallen heavily for a day and a night, and the grateful earth had closed up its gaping cracks and relapsed into a glorious state of mud and slash. It absorbed the ceaseless downpour with an, apparently, insatia ble eagerness, and, as though not content with the present deluge, collected little pools in odd, outof the-way corners as a reserve to be drawn upon should there be a recurrence of drvness. Mr. George Wilberforce Minchall, having just alighted from the up -train, stood on the Katoomba railway station platform, and gazed over the tops of his spectacles at the rueful prospect before him. Mr. George Wilberforce Minchall was something in the city— meaning, of course, the city of Sydney. Several people had an idea— and it was only an idea, for no certain information on the subject had ever leaked out — that he was in some way connected with a large toy concern iu Sydney. Some even went so far as to think he had put money into it at some time. If he had put money into the concern, he took good care not to put himself into the concern along with his money, for no one had ever seen him about the premises which held the concern, though he was known to be very intimate — ' very thick ' was the term used by some— with the individual in whose name the concern was conducted. 'Now, Mr. Minchall had come to Katoomba in accordance with a long-established custom to visit an old friend, Edward Day. For many years, as regularly as Easter came round, Mr. Minchall had put aside the cares of the world and visited Katoomba ; and with a similar regularity Mr. Day journeyed to Sydney at Christmas to avail himself of the hospitality of his friend. And bo it was that Mr. Minchali found himself, as he had often been before, waiting on the platform of the Katoomba railway station for the appearance of his friend's buggy, which had never yet failed to arrive to con vey him to the old-fashioned house of his bachelor friend. He waited for half-an-hour with consider able composure, but as the time sped on without the appearance of the expected conveyance he grew im patient, and felt somewhat annoyed. At the expira tion of CO minutes, how ever, he became resigned to his fate, and contem plated picking his way across the road to an hotel. But many things may happen in the brief space of GO minutes, and behold the rain, which had hither to been falling in torrents, cased off' to a fine drizzle, and presently ceased en tirely. Little blue patches and streaks appeared be tween the rifts in the heavy - looking, rain charged clouds, which were rapidly rising, and these streaks and patches grew and extended till, when Mr. Minchall had been on the platform for a little over an hour by the fat-faced station clock, it was positively fine— so fine that the neglected tra veller decided to walk. Accordingly, he started, knowing the road full well. There was a soft, cool wind, which was re freshing, and once beyond the little town and well on the road the walk proved 'interesting and eally delightful. The drip, drip, drip of the drops from the leaves of the trees which lined each side of the way, and the gurgling of the water running along the gutter it had made for itself by the roadside, made, music pleasant to hear ; and, Mr. Minchall, with a short wooden pipe aglow, his left hand thrust deep iu the pocket of his great coat, while with his right he vigorously plied hia umbrella m lieu of a walking stick, trudged steadily on. When he had cavered a little more than half the distance between the station and his destination (he had nearly three miles to walk) he observed the figure of a man on the road ahead, and shortly after overtook a pedlar who was tramping along with a good-sized basket strapped to his back. 'Fine evening,' said Mr. Minchall, as he came np with the man. ' TiB so,' replied the pedlar. Mr. Minchall had only passed the pedlar by a few steps when the latter called out : '? Can you oblige nte with a light ?' ' Certainly,' replied Mr. Minchall, and stopped, unbuttoning his coat to get at his box of vestas. The pedlar unstrapped his basket and set it down on a large stone by the roadside. A long investigation of his numerous pockets followed, and, failing to find any tobacco, he was easily persuaded by Mr. Minchall to till the pipe he carried from his pouch. ' Upon my word, sir, I am very grateful to you,' said the pedlar, sending fourth enormous clouds of smoke as evidences of his enjoyment. *' On a night like this,' he continued, ' and with a long walk before one, a pipe is a great comforter. It is not only a soother of sorrow, but is an aid to reason and thought— reason and -thought on ways and means among other matters.' ' Been pedling long ?' queried Mr. Minchall, re buttoning his coat* ' Not long,' replied the pedlar, preparing to hoist the backet on his shoulders once more. ' I was once in a very different position ; had plenty of money at my command— and 'money can do all one desires, ex cept ? « ' Except what ?' ' Except thwart misfortune.' Just then the sound of approaching wheels was heard, and a moment later a conveyance come dash ing rouud a bend of the road. ' ? Better late than never,' Tom,' said Mr. Min chall as the driver pulled up. ' Ay, I suppose; so,' Baid Tom, turning back the waterproof covering from the seat beside him, into which Mr. Minchall immediately clambered. ' I started out about two hours agone, with a mare as is only half broken. She kicked the front of the buggy in, an' I had to borrow this ramshackle rattletrap from old Mr. Elliott The boss is in a bad way about youbein' kep' waitin'. ' ' There's not much the matter, Tom. Good even ing to you, Mr. Pedlar.' ?4 Good evening, sir, good evening.' And with a nod of friendly recognition to the driver, the pedlar bnsied himself with his basket. The horse's head was turned round, and in a short time Mr. Minchall was vigorously shaking hands with his friend. Mr. Day^was not alone ,* a neighbour, Mr. Gam booge, had braved the wet, and had been with Mr. Day all the afternoon. The object of Mr. Gum booge's visit had been to procure from his bachelor neighbour something to quell an exasperating tooth ache which had troubled him for the preceding twenty-four hours. He was on the point of setting forth for home when Mr. Minchall arrived. Mr. Gambooge remained and partook of the evening meal, and then the three made themselves comfortable in the cosy room, half library, half parlour. So thoroughly did they enjoy themselves that the hours flew by unnoticed, and it was just half an hour past midnight when Mr. Gambooge, whose toothache, by-the-way, had vanished, declared in a solemn voice, and the slightest, the very slightest, suspicion of a hiccough, that he ' really mush gor rome.' He went, and was fittingly welcomed by the partner of his joys and sorrows, who, though she did not share his toothache, was very anxious to learn what sort of remedy it was which had taken so long to apply. Mr, Gambooge, however, was dumb, and went to bed. But not to sleep. For a long time he turned and twisted, for the toothache showed signs of returning. Presently he arose and paced the floor awhile. It was a fine night, or rather morning, and'several times he stopped and gazed from the window a moment. The house was near the road, and once, while looking out thus, he saw, or thought he saw, a figure robed in white pass quickly down the road. Mr. Gambooge was startled, greatly startled. His legs shook under him, and he hastily scrambled back to bed, mentally resolving to abjure indulgence in whisky and lemons from that hour. Was it the whisky, or had he really seen a ghost ? In his per plexity and fear he lay tossing and turning till . near daylight, when he arose. Chapteb II. There must have been something the matter with the whisky ; or was it merely an overpowerful affection which caused Mr. Minchall to warmly em brace his ' friend no less than five times before he retired. Even after he had reached his room, and placed h'13 candle in the washing basin and the basin on the floor, the strength of his feelings caused him to go to his friend's room and embrace him once again. It was a beautiful and touching sight. They were locked in a warm embrace, and hiccoughed across each other's shoulder their never-ending and never-lessening friendship. At last Mr. Minchall got back to his room and, by some means, into bed ; but, like Mr. Gambooge, he found that he could not sleep, though, unlike this martyr, he was not afflicted with toothache. The blind was up, and Mr. Minchall lay very quietly looking out at the sky 'studded with stars, which winked and blinked as though in mockery at his * wakefulness. How long he bad lain thus Mr. Minchall does not know to this day ; but he does know that suddenly he became aware of a Presence. It was by no means a horrifying or a ghastly Presence, as some delight to be ; it was a quiet, good-looking Presence, a young woman, in fact, with a mass of dark hair falling down her back. Her arms and breast were bare, and she was without head covering. For a moment or so after his eyes first fell on this appari tion Mr. Minchall was conscious of a curious flutter ing of the heart and an unwonted trembling of the legs, the latter being so powerful as to cause the hangings of the bed to dance merrily. Soon this sensation passed away, and he became calm, so calm and so self-possessed that when, a fewmoments later, the Presence raised a shapely hand and beckoned him, at the same time retreating towards the door, he arose without hesitation or fear. Slipping into a dressing-gown and pair of slippers he opened the door, with a courteous inclination of the head, which he meant to signify that he was willing to obey, and followed the Presence downstairs and out of the house. Yet for the life of him he could not define the irresistible power which impelled him to act as he did, and when- one thinks of it it certainly seems a peculiar proceeding for a Bedate bachelor. It was a fine night ; chilly too— at least, Mr. Minchall, freah trom his warm bed, found it so. But a little chilliness was not to frighten him from bis venture. Drawing bis gown closely round him, he started off in hasty pursuit of the Presence, which was now some distance in advance, and which glanced-back at every dozen yards or so and beckoned him to follow. It has been mentioned that the Pre sence was good-looking, but this fact did not affect Mr. Mincaall to any great degree. Set be was deeply impressed by the expression of sorrow, which marked the face, and by the intense anguiBh which appealed to him from the great, dark eyes. Mr. MinAftli Vas a bit of a philanthropist and a humane man ; in fact, he had on more than one occasion been styled a kind-hearted old fool ; and this tear-stained face, so full of suffering, and the earnest, though silent, entreaties made for bis assistance enlisted. _ his symphathies at once, and he would willingly have followed the Presence for miles. He did this as a matter of fact, though at the time he made no esti mate of the distance traversed. On and on they went, and at a smart pace. Pre sently the Presence glided to the right hand, and turning and again beckoning took a little rough track, which lea down between steep cliffs and wet bushes, over boulders and through pools of water ; down rough-hewn steps and across swiftly-running streams, which rushed aud gurgled and seemed to be the only active things abroad save themselves. On and on they went through the dark, for it was very dark down there, and had not the Presence most considerately kept just in front of Mr. Min chall he would assuredly have lost his way. As it was, he did not know where he was being led, but kept on, scraping his ankles against the boulders, and poking his face against the wet twigs of the shrubs, and making himself bruised and wet, and sore and uncomfortable. At last the Presence stopped. Mr. Minchall stopped also, and with a sigh of relief gazed round as well as the darkness would permit, and endeavoured to make out bis surroundings. And now for the first time since setting out Mr. Minchall felt timorous. All was so very dark and quiet that anyone would have felt timorous, especially with a mysterious Presence standing by one's side, gazing with great eyes, which were quite luminous in their intensity. Just imagine vourself in the same position. What would strike you as the first and best thing to do? Bolt ! But Mr. Minchall couldn't bolt ; he was all unbolted, so to speak. He was excessively tired, very wet, and fast becoming very frightened, and he devoutly wished himself well out of the adven ture, and that the young person who had decoyed him from his warm bed was under the care of her lawful guardians and protectors, if she had any. In the extremity of his fear he dropped on his knees to offer a silent prayer for his safe return. Immediately the Presence stooped beside biro, point ing excitedly to the ground a little to his left and just beside the path. Mr. Minchall shrank back, but the Presence continued to point, and waved her arms about as though iu an agony of despair, gazing at him the while in a beseeching manner. ' Why the devil don't you speak ?' blurted out the affrighted gentleman, his teeth chattering so as to render his words almost unintelligible. His voice acted on the woman like a galvanic - battery. It gave her new life. She raised herself to her feet instantly, extended her arms to the heayenB, brought her gaze back to earth, pointed again to the epot beside the path, looked once more at Mr. Minchall, and finally stood, her hands clasped as in prayer and her face turned upward. Mr. Minchall was more astonished thanrever. The Presence stood so long without moving that at length he rose painfully to his feet, and also gazed upwards. He could just see the dark outline of the over hanging cuffs and the tops of the motionless trees against the little patch of starry sky visible, but that Mr. Minchall found himself, as he had often been before, waiting on the platform of the Katoomba rail way station for the appearance of his friend's buggy. was all. And when he lowered bis eyes again, in tending to address the Presence once more, the Presence was no longer there. Chattee III. And how fared the pedlar ? Having been intro duced he must not be allowed to vanish. After parting company with Mr. Minchall he trndged on, with his basket on hw back and his pipe aglow, till he reached Mr. Day's house. Without hesitation, and like a man who knew his way and was sure of a welcome, he passed through a side gate and round to the back entrance of a small cottage on the edge of an orchard. In answer to his knock the door was opened by a buxom woman, who cheerily bade him enter. Tea had been ready some time, and the man Tom, entering shortly after, the three sat down to the table. The meal finished and the table cleared, the conversation took a personal turn. 'Ever heard from that fellow WilcoxP' asked Tom Manning of the pedlar. The pedlar frowned heavily, took bis clay pipe from between his teeth, and said, ' No.' ' He caused you a heap of trouble, didn't he ? ' The pedlar was silent for a moment ; then, leaning both arms on the table and facing the others, be said: 'A great deal of pain. And that pain was so great, and is so great to this day that, if I hsd his neck in my hand now instead of this old clay pipe, I would squeeze it so— only harder.' He had suited bis action to his words, and when he unclenched his teeth and opened his hand the pipe lay smashed in its palm. 41 Lor ! ' exclaimed Mrs. Manning. «? That's murder ! ' ' It is,' said the pedlar, throwing the broken pipe into the grate. ' He murdered my sister.' 'TU tell yon both the story,' continued the pedlar, after a short silence. Then, with his arms stall on the table, and bis eyes fixed on the couple opposite him, be began. ' I have already told you that years ago I lived in this district with my mother and sister ; I have already told you that these two are dead; but I have not told you or anyone what caused the death of my sister Nellie. My mother died, they said, from natural causes. I know better ; she died from a broken heart; died of grief. We were comfortably well off, and very happy ; but the' one great trouble of our family, the one great curse of all our lives came in the person of a friend of mine, invited by me in an unlucky moment to our home on a visit. I had not seen him for years till one day I dropped across him in Sydney. He accepted my invitation, bat had I known what was to result I would have pulled my tongue out by the roots ere it should have spoken the friendly words -which brought him into contactwith those mostdear tome. He came. Hewas a handsome fellow, and a jolly one, fall of good humour, and overrunning with those little accom plishments and delicate forms of speech and manner which mark the successful ladies' man. I soon saw that he had made an impression on my sister Nellie ; saw also that the intimacy increased and ripened ; saw it with a jealous eye and an aching heart, for my sister was very dear to me. My mother also recognised the position of affairs and spoke to me ; and one day soon after he asked me for my sister's hand in marriage. I referred him to my mother and he was accepted. A fortnight after he took his departure, being called away, he explained, by some complicated business matters. ' After the lapse of a considerable^ time I noticed a change in my sister's demeanour. Habitually cheer ful and lively, she became silent and thoughtful — at times distracted. I attributed it to reflection on the approaching change in her condition ; little did my dear mother or I know of the actual cause ! Gradually the letters from her betrothed had come less regularly, and finally ceased entirely. I got to know this, and demanded an explanation. With streaming eyes she told me, in her mother's presence, that she had been deserted. I fell into a fury at once, and my sister's emotion so overcame her that she fainted. Then it was that my mother discovered what the poor girl had succeeded in hiding eo long. ' I went to Sydney the same day,' continued the pedlar, after a painful pause, ' looking for the man who had brought dishonour to my family. Needless to say, I failed to find him. When I returned there was a baby in the house, a boy. He ouly lived three days. My siBter, when she rose from her bed, had lost her reason. My mother died, and I was alone with my deserted sister. In this extremity I took to drink, and my sister contracted the habit of wander ing for hours together in what is now known as ? Nellie's Glen.' Presently I was aroused to a sense of my duty and set out again to find my sister's deceiver. All to no purpose ; I returned a beggar, having spent my all in a fruitless search. Sad news, the saddest news of all, awaited me. My sister bad not abandoned her habit of wandering alone and at all times in Nellie's Glen, and this had gone on so long that no alarm was felt at her extended absence ; but once (I am retelling this portion of my story as it was told me by my housekeeper), after being from home all one day and night, a party, at the instigation of the housekeeper, went in search and found her — found my sister — lying dead in the rough track in. the gully. The ground beside the path, and close to the spot where her body was found, was disturbed and torn up ; and it was asserted by some that my poor sister must have ex pired in agony. I ought to have told you before, but I forgot— I cannot relate this story in proper sequence— I should have told you that my sister and I had each a considerable sum of money, several thousand pounds. How my money went I have told you ; but surrounding that possessed by my sister there is a mystery. Some little time before we made the awful discovery relating to my sister's condition she had drawn all her money from the bank, and from that day to this it has never been seen or heard of.' The pedlar paused again for a moment. Presently he resumed. ' They buried her beside her mother, and I, to get a living, and not caring much how I got it, adopted my present calling. Now you have the whole story. Many wondered that I did not quit this place, but I could not. I feel that if I remain long enough in this neighbourhood something will happen. I have not the slightest idea what that something will be ; I don't even speculate or surmise. I may never again see him ; but ' ? here the pedlar brought hia clenched hand down heavily on the table, and half rose from his seat- 'if ever I do, if I ever see him, be it only for a moment, and no matter where, that momentwill be his last on earth.' Chapter IV. There was consternation in Mr. Day's house on the following morning, for Mr. Minchall was nowhere to be found. He was not in Ub room, nor in the hope, nor in the grounds. At last, about 10 o'clock, just when the excitement caused by this strange disap pearance had reached its height, Mr. Gambooge ap peared on the scene to tell of his strange vision of the uight before, and to inquire if any of the others who had refreshed themselves from the eame bottle had been disturbed in any way. or, chancing to look out, bad seen strange figures clothed in white hurry ing'past. When he had related his experience of the previous night it was at once concluded that the sup posed ghost was actually Mr. Minchall walking in his sleep, and a search party, comprising Mr. Day, Mr. Gambooge, Tom Manning, and the pedlar, and a handy boy kept on the place, at once set out. The road was very soft after the heavy rain, consequently the peculiar-shaped marks left in the mud by Mr. Minchall's slippers were followed with much diffi culty. The ' trail ' being rapidly taken, the paity soon branched off into the scrub to the right. Here a slipper belonging to the missing gentleman was found, and not long after, down in the bottom of the Glen (for into Nellie'B Glen he had wandered), Mr. Minchall himself was found unconscious, and wet to the skin- A flask of brandy was placed to his lips, and presently signs of returning animation were dis cerned. Mr. Minchall was conveyed to his friend's house w ith considerable difficulty. Once out of the ravine a rough stretcher was made and the remainder of the journey accomplished with greater' ease. Mr. Minchall's ' night out ' appeared to have left no serious results, He had need for the almost un ceasing use of a handkerchief, and spoke through his nose, but that was all that resulted trom Ids unwonted exposure. Towards evening he was seated in the dining-room, where a large fire had been started for his special benefit, and where the whole search party, including the boy and the pedlar, and even Mrs. Manning, for it was a special occasion, had assembled to hear from Mr. MinchalTs own lips an account of his adventure. They all listened with the greatest attention till he concluded with the words, ' This remarkable young woman remained gaging at the heavens for so long that at last X turned my eyes in the same direction, but I did not see the object, whatever it was, that so entranced her, When I looked in her direction again, she was gone ; and I do not recollect anything that followed till I became conscious of all you kind friends bending over me down in that hornd place. A good deal of argument, and the advancing of strong opinions, and the citing of remarkable hap penings and strange coincidences, followed. The upshot of it all was that it was decided, if Mr. Min chall felt strong enough next morning, to visit and explore the spot where the strange young woman vanished from his bewildered gaze. When the morn* ing came, however, it was found that the pedlar had departed. This was not remarked upon, for his queer and unexpected comings and goings were well known to the entire neighbourhood. The exploring party did not set forth till after dinner, and then, armed with a couple of spades ana a pickaxe, thev journeyed over»again to the depths of Nellie's Glen. They trudged on in an almost unbroken silence till their destination was reached. ' Now,' said Mr. Day, in a business-like tone, 'if there is anything to be found we'll find it. We are bound to unravel this mystery, if we stay here all Mr. Minchall looked round him for a moment and finally decided on the spot to which the mysterious companion of his night ramble had pointed. But, wait ! ' he exclaimed, bending to more minutely examine the place. 'This ground has been dis turbed quite recently ! ' They were all round him in a moment, some going on their hands and knees to inspect the spot. Mr. Minchall was right ; the ground had been turned but a short time before. Tom Manning bade the others stand aside a moment, and then plunged his spade into the ground. The ease with which it sank into the earth was conclusive proof of the correctness of Mr. Minchall's statement. The members of the party gazed at each other in astonishment. Of a sudden the boy called out, startling them with his abrupt ness : ' What's that over there ?' ' What F Where ?' they all asked in a breath. ?' Why, over there — the paper and the stick ! ' They hastened to the spot indicated, and found a piece of paper held fast in a cleft 6tick which was stuck in the earth. Hastily pulling it from its rest ing place, and unfolding it with trembling hands, Mr. Minchall read : — ' Misfortune thwarted me once ; now we are quits, for, thanks to Mr. Minchall's peculiar adventure, I have found my dead sister's portion and am once again a man of means. You who come here after me and find this evidence of my visit will doubtless be astonished at this denouement. I have but taken my own, have but taken that which will enable me to resume my search for the murderer of my mother and sister. My basket, now useless to me, I leave here, and I take this opportunity, for fear I see him not again in this life, of expressing my deep gratitude to Mr. Minchall for following the spirit of my sister to this spot, where she had hidden her money, and to assure him that his image and his kindness will never fade from the grateful memory of The Pedlab.' * * * * This is the story of a certain EaBter holiday passed upon the mountains, or, rather, of a certain night passed in the charming gully known as Nellie's Gien. I have been asked if that spot gainedj'its [name through the pedlar's sister expiring amid its cool shades and oeside its music-making stream, hut I cannot answer yea or nay. I have told the story and can tell 110 more. [Our illustration of Nellie's Glen is from a photo, by Kitch and Co., Katoomba.] Nellie's Glen, Katoomba, whither Mr. Minchall followed the Presence. 