THROUGH TAMBO AND CROAJINGOLONG. By x Minino Expert in the "Ojieo Telegraph." " All's well that ends well," is often "a favorite quotation of ninny a scribe, and may be Jin da siecle in the text books of logic, but the wanderings under starlight skies, the starlight ridges ot the monntains of Cronjingo- long, viewed under the poetical e3re, with a plentiful supply of strong waters, would be grappled to the soul with hooks of steel, ecstasies of radiant rapture and what nois of maudlin sentiment. But when a man hnmps < "Jerusalem" (his swag I mean), through the charming locality, the poetry of mind is somewhat twisted by the physical labor of carrying your swag. Leading a chequered existence in the Alpine heights of Ouieo, I con templated a change, and got it sooner than I expected. From information re ceived I rolled "Jerusalem " up, and, having neither ass nor horse, shank's pony was called into requisition. Getting off the mark with- the grey . streaks of dawn. I soon covered the few miles which separated me from Baldlnll Creek and the Tambo Valley road. I journeyed along the winding but majestic Tambo which presents now to the tourist a scene of desolation, which is quite a contrast to the pic turesque and enchanting valley of some six months ago. The beautiful grassy flats have nearly all disappeared, and heaps of barren waste and hungry looking silt covers up the once luxuriant veriluo. Everywhere along the line of route the effect of the December floods is in great evidence, the road in many plaees washed into the solid rock, the embankments swept away entirely in many places and bridges smashed into matchwood or overturned. Bruthen presents the same dreary aspect caused by the recent inundations, the mighty river here sweeping, away acres of maize and potatoes. Every where is ruin and desolation, wherever one travels, and an incident may be cited to show that Bruthen is not over stocked with potatoes, as it pays Jack the Packer to pack them down the Hannted Stream at a fair price. This strnck me as conveying produce to where one would be likely to find abundance instead of famine; but coa|s have been carried to Newcastle uc1u1c uuui Journeying on from Brnthen I pro ceeded to Bach an and still greater sights met my wondering gaze. The amount of damage done here is enormous. It is about ten years since I visited this charming locality. It then had a thriving population and gave signs of being a flourishing environ ment. Its lead mines were' then in a flourishing condition: maize, wattle- bark, and other produce commauded good prices, and the well grassed lime stone hills, with its kine, all betokened a sound prosperity, but the floods of late years have played sad havoc with the place and people. There is nowhere in the jiJps linit tu oi e. ca 12 . be - expected ' in tiie matter of produce than this locality. It is capable of raising sheep, and as fattening ground for cattle or for dairying purposes,- it is second to none in the colonies. Also as a wine producing country, alter what I have seen of the Nortn Eastern districts, I can. venture ti>e assertion that for viticulture this loo.le should, with the soil and ciimate, produce the highest classed wine in Victoria. But the evidence of land monopoly is here rampant, and the progress of any in- dustry is retarded by the bloated squatter, who holds its fertile lands for sheep walks and thereby blocks all legitimate settlement and enterprise. The extensive deposits of carbonates of lead and galena, found in the Devonian limestone belt which runs right through the heart of Croajingolong, and also through the secondary belt up to the border. Opal is also found in abund ance on the same belt, but the pioneer of civilization, the miner, has not pro spected this country up to the present. Quite reeentlj- the old Buchau mines on Back Creek have been taken up by a Melbourne syndicate, under the management of Colonel Morgan, for merly of the Broken Hill British Blocks. I spent a day on the mine and saw for myself the old workings, part of which are in a dilapidated con dition, and were worked formerly for the lead, which did not turn oat up to expectations. The colonel and staff have been operating on a body of car bonate ore, which, from GO tons soid by anciiou, gave a retarn of £25 over and above working expenses ; very promising if kept up when everything is placed in working order. At the time oi my visit a shaft was in course of progress on the south bank of the creek, to intercept n contact vein which . is supposed to exist. The manager is sanguine of success, and if it pans out all right ,iluchan may be a very stirry place in the near future. When leaving I asked the colonel if there was any chance of employment. He viewed me . 7- with a dull fish-like eye and remarked he uas over crowded just now. Three men comprised the staff — rather a large amount of labor to overcrowd a mine with. In the midst of a dismal fog I hunted up "Jerusalem" once more, aud was ; soon scratching gravel towards Gelan- . "py- Nothing worthy of consideration worth chronicling until I reached the W. Tree, the scene of the Indian .7 hawker's (Kaisa Sing), murder, where I intended to camp lor the night. It was with feelings akin to awe that I approached this weird looking edifice — the altar of a sacrifice to the god of depression and hard upishness, where one man murders another for the love of Mammon, ofinquiry, or more pro- > 7 bably because bis mind was unhinged. The weird and dismal surroundings 7-r ' were somewhat enlivened by my I presence tor preparations for a feed, I and also fixing (Jonder's stretcher in j . position to sleep on. Satisfying the cravings of the inucr man I was soon in the arms of the drowsy god, ai d dreamt, of ghosts and goblins. I was ruduly awakened at midnight by a noise, and I thouMit ol Victor Daley's fines : — " And the candle burnt dismally blue ; I felt a cold wind in my liuir, For a ghost sat beside ma I knew." But snch was not the case this time. The ghosts keep taking on the slabs, and like most ghost ridden places, imagination brings great striking fan cies, and with my half mast I at first thought of bolting with my belongings and leaving the premises 111 undistnrbid occupation of their ghostsln'ps, but on second consideration I struck a match, and lighting a candle, I bore the loft I from under the departed Oonder's table, and sallied forth to lay out this noc turnal disturber of my rest. I charged headlong into the darkness, determined to do or die, but my progress was arrested by some animated object over which I stumbled with a sickening thud. Gra' mercy- ! It was an old cow, to which I administered a little moral suasion by laying on with a will what was formerly the leg of the table, and bestowing my blessing on the de parting bovine, agaiu returned to rest, from which I awoke like a giant refreshed. It was a lovely morning, and drinking in the beautiful scenery, I proceeded on to Gelantipy, where I visited the Bishop Gold and Silver Mine, which promises to turn out very respectable in the sweet by and by, if the samples of ore submitted are up to the average. Progress works are being proceeded with all possible despatch, and the contractor informed me that he would shortly complete his contract — the construction of the shaft 100 feet in depth on the lode. It it the intention I of the company to increase its staff I shortly, but at present it is overcrowded I with four men. I am afraid these j mines will always be in the same state j until something more tangible is un- I earthed than what is in sight at I present. ( On the road once more. I was I struck with the well grassed plateau of Gelantipy and Wnngulmerang, the I major part of which is in the hands of a few monopolists, who nso it for squatting purposes. About one mile frjm Wulgnlmerang is the turn-oft to I the Snowy River, which is marked by I two finger boards. On approaching \+ I- A x _rt» t 4 r 1 . " i uuc ici w nauu iura-uu j. rcaa an in- scription that fairly made by hair bristle ; it was : " To hell, 14 miles. Turn back." At last I had got on the right track — the road I had been look ing for this many years. On the Tarnback Mountain's top, what a lovely sight. It was late at night when I arrived at the pant, and crossing the river, I was escorted by Mr. D. M'Kellar, and duly installed in his comfortable cot tage, aud every attention was bestowed upon me that was possible to receive from the hands of a white man. This gentleman's place is really an oasis in. this wilderness, situated right in th<| licart of iiie. -iijoualuiiis, and wily tllfe Tambo. shire don't do more in thAj matter: and open a road up here is cer-, tainly beyond' the comprehension of the thinking portion of the community. There is no real difficulty in the way, aud this route to Manaro has much to command. It is. the main stock road from all parts ol the Manaro plains. Grass is plentiful from Brnthen, the head navigation to the New South Wales border, and to my mind itistiie only practicable outlet for the prodnce of the settlers of Croajingolon"-. The lion in the path seems to be the Turn- hack Mountain, and a thorough good road of easy gradient could be made for about £4,000. which is very trifling when compared to the money that h; a been fooled away on the Orbost to Bonang road, which will never be any thing but a wallaby track. A good road could be made from here into Delegate, N.S.W., at a very trifling cost. This would promote settlement along the valley oi the Snowy and Deddick rivers. I inspected Mr. M'ivellar's garden, and a sight met my j gaze that was truly astonishing. Peaches, water melons, plums, toma- toes, and grand pumpkins grew herein rich profusion, giving evidence of the fertility of the soil, and 1 think I may predict right here that the Snowy valley will one day become not only a great fruit country on account of its soil and climate, but olives, oranges, and vines could be raised successfully if the I couutry were opened up by a good road, There is a reserve here, in the parish of Jingallalla, ostensibly locked up for educational purposes, which is I ono of the humbugs which the govern ment tolerates to boom up the squatting industry, because it consists of the best agricultural and pastoral land in this part of Groaiingolomr, while on the other hand all the land east of the Snowy River, comprising rocks and barren mountains, where no human being could exist, is thrown open for selection. This is one of the anomalies of the present rotten condition of' things in this financially diseased province ; and yet the government intend to settle ! the people on the laud ! But this ' appears to he a queer way of doing it. ! I made a personal inspection of the land I in question, 2o,000 acres, bonnded on the sonth by the Deddick River and on ' the west by the Snowy. It is splendidly grassed, the major part of it being J first class agricultural land, which Ti- j quires very little charinc of the box! timber to make it fit for the plough, It is situated below the frosts and snows of the main Manaro table-land, which so often interfere with farm ai.d , garden operations. Why it is pei- ; manently reserved as an endowment for the Education department is beyoud | the comprehension of anyone except a ! right thinking person, who understands how to bolster np the schemes of political intrigue if he happens to be a creditor of the nearest squatter, who leans on him for support. 