THE' SINS OF THE FATHERS, BY ]EITI FlElMINGt , Author of illy the Night's ,Exprse." " Can ucrh Things Itl " " At theu Ilclventh lour," etc, [COP'YRIGti'I'.] \----+-- CIIAPTER X.-(CoUNTINUr .) And so thle massive door is set open wide by tie butler foir i brief space, and oall benetli tIle roof, with one or two elderly rehollions excelptionas, nesemble in Ithe alosnt balrial hall, withiut con necting much idea wilth the act: the very fact of their doing so showinlg how corropled is the old ecstom. There is i lull ine thi storm just at this tillo, nid they all stllllld about ehatting, and laughing, ndtl shiveritng i little; oneo or two nimrmlinig at Ile. fully of being expected to comply wlitl anu idiotic, slinseles cile totl, .jlst Ilceausl the Sguiro h1111 aobsird 'fodle l ll cltoues to keep up I ll wll Iorhl a'h',lrinii. But theseo mtleontellnts do their grinblii's secretly, and solsr cyre, aml thel der old Squire of Arden lel his famnily never suspect dlisalCet'ion amiong ithe guelt +. Th'le moo is brlillilt iiid hiboen ill suddlen, swiftest alerrltins, as jaigged, scrappy fi egineits tf ? cioidi, tnI tll moill Iit strangely dtlene, llimot blltck, are flitting in rapidl siecesion iter her chill, white face. The shtiiows thus plroduced are oingulur iand mi-lending, ()ne mimenet the wiie sIn1'e lefiti the great door is all hitning blightillew, the next it is plunged in glor,i, nol the Cnext 50o0 oddhl, grotesqit ? shadow, cat by comer ithy cloidlet is cle ily outlined. Looking awany d. ,n into the great dusky avenue, whih l l i nl l s blen inll thI idtey-titme f cinite grul, dim eathedlndl alislee, is-acn by this -lht ikie gazing into some znknow'n region of nyI tery, all seems lo untenl iand hantalzti. lcut after tie first nloient or tuwo lio one looks out; mall keep it respectful dis itace frot lthe door' cml its dtautght, alany gather round the two great li-e. places, trying ini iilace Ii ict?hui lve fl' what they choose to call enfolved Ldii com fort, ab lest they may. Others, desik intg these sybarIites, exmnihm with linteret iand admiration the lice Ihow of ucleutt armour, etpprelally the ieiutiftl chlaiu aoill iilimany pci'tens of wihic+- dorf the walls, hlohls o Ira nge, ,',l-wo'-ll weapons which w.re ?cirried hyi .\r,"Iens in the olden time aind alned right baelaily. 'This employed, u.bing, hilin , admiring, they do nit iotice or, at least, lily nto hoed tC it light step on the Cl'grail outside, or it soft, rtotlilg sound mt of gatmelts, anll re pretly cousidelrohly startled when iKathleen )'hIra eIxchihiiu in a derlighted yet aitoiii ih, tone, "IIWhyi , M11h detri, lo.e yput cue:. back ! 1--" They all eIu andl gaze at II tile 0eor ll peaks, anil then at the girl, lwho hals stopped scio Iddenly. Itruing ilhirnklyrid stupidly before her. 1l Where ih She !"II11 I' lh, s, -rikII wn 1ldh tid l alc soured lhookit.e "S?loe wiiis there thie litu: ntil, cu in it," pointinil g toi dio e ,l l dio'l c ll wiil. SThen the elsd ca1 e, and -'. ,. , Th.y r tll? tae ctuinlwh1 t .IIilievitgly into tlhei gloom hllat has liuh fi )ll ellyoud 111 greit Iporch ; hit cti--yes -s-rely that is a ,iadow ,itvi, through the dsl.iness . tSome Iell s o neiare'lr ito the doorIl, cnl' or two actually ,tep through the porch ot lll onl to the gravelled drive beyond, R bulltill istl als they do it, the Iloonll hIu.its forth ain nIi and I nllll elvery brlulll c ildc twi,. anid stone ; but thet is itt ligrl withiii sight ill ally direction. For the first niinolnt they lu,1 lit, one atitither il i si ft huitch it 1 i]lil-ttt, lhiti ithiy sctin oa st he litlto spell tut halo boullnd themll, id lnglth i nd llll fllu iof, Kae hleen. hlol was ildecamting. What ptlseeeIId hert tthinkl site saw .11b1 14? IWhat ion earth would blring t ala i il at thI hur' of the night " ut I did see thOr," breaks il thie girl, in vexedl, ,hura'lhl Ieuto, I allg.rly disclai i g tlllill ihle ,. iletli, n ·l ,of h ing dlreamning. I saw her qsit' plhhinlk, 1o YOlUi think II ('1 mi- iake l A?/I " i satiriclr eoimphsi in the ich r ilo'is. gowi, nil thou Ight it sio idd that ihe should bet ot l t tti hat t i u wthitl ut a wrap. Sie looked, very pile and i rae, aild-ilt thli ouIlgh yolu hIIg l iiid nte SOil ,to i," with ii I leltlhi ihtli l iieel,'. T'he hritlh is, thut prlutey Kathlueli is frighlteturl tetlli Ia nlt us, etilt rlehi.o - quently llitth, 'roi . The iitiipril tsulersetiti lt ili urt h irsel oliehdrlis unilIsIechtel did drtuatiitlt butl reidy tllc o pp rtt tlloiriilltti? it ll t tie olulltg t nill t 1 lit, ii tlloll t ris h elitc , icsiJJ otirccritg sticoigly itt hersi. hillu of hrn cotntrty'e lhget, ilad wiltl wieirIl ct,,iis glf he " Fetch," &c.;, icri iow Uluhhn. iigl' cr tliig te o hi u uhtu i l ig d .illig heIr wiihI lerror and di imtiv, )IIsIfored nialiit -l l - , .II II f tl8uJcue " lel, they ctrieinly heard ic ill tl,l' at+ ihil not otiie, ti tihitk llhuit it, and ffLer al it 1 o wecIII do leo ueIietil--weCl, ii hllr tihe wtirl, fli ilhireie was ilit i ieatih jl t Cltiei, lliit ?olilii uclll1t-l ird or tlhaer cretiltlR Ie ? liliR Itdk sileliC. Il" llt I aiR .\lb, I tell yul," ri-er lnoted ditressel, tii a n t like nleireldf. IasiiI lii'-er fid, anl ele.halt nliig'i guitg to halTen ht C eer e lId Idcb, "I ithilen it" celiis the iuilre, .ieri])" an11 engrily-lho hIllilant to CIe stanidilig teur the exeited girl itii iteS the let ceinieClieor tic t(, Cloiigli Ciiey airii iliutltred it it frighltrneuid wlislloit. " [ till n ur .rised citr l. I it ist oi ll y'o11 it itecilt ceucitStig to talk such itiiseitiic-iibcurd. cuelgiut' ioluticettse; ititiulgitg iil ciltr, trild hniitihihigsu Yei saw ntilhing, heccule lihere wmo ettltitig to hlie .+ni, tysell was liioklig ltraiglit at the di-, otd 5iiiuhld }iire seen iltyieitig if it wae there. I have ni ittiuece wihi such The Squire i0 ritlly ilcieul: tll very itiighlt thati huiiui .lhithl collie to hit fatttrtite ubel Ih wi.tiee hhe alint ttitke, hliiextra totes wec h lIt Kith leet, wtil is ltis elit h, nitu-.lrh.as yoitlug siisltr, itild wtleiiil le bats knlwlic oltitoset frho babyhoIhi , aiIi tlCreit like c yount graiitdl- daughler e f itie o-n. Slte, quienclehd tttl a little limtirtiti Icy the rolilice hhiig timhiihinhistod hi.fefre en imitlay, rcie" softly, pertly froit vexationi ilnd pasrtly frtnit lnerltlltelues. Oi hlzO .e Atnt KIatliii'hitee It oll riih,+" intirnlttl s MI's )erri'k, untesily, who canlnot he1p beitig 5 little lnllea?ily inmpressed by Kathleen's extreme earnest. ness and lositiveness. "Constance, my dear," remonstrates thie old man, looking at her pityingly nult reprovingly, "are you becominllg infected by that silly child's fancies I" "No, of course not," slohe responds, but there is a slight hesitation in her tones. "lin t then you know, father, Malh promised to sleep here to-night, ed from her not coming back I thought perhals launt---" " If anytling wore wrong with Ketha rine, are there not messengers to biring us the ill-tidings ?" IDon't you think, sir," says liugh Denver, sisnoking for tihe irst time, though lie has followed the foregoing rematrks with strained anxiety-not that hoe is inlltenced in the slightest degree by lKathlesen' fincied vision, he is quite without eupersatition of any kind i the girl imlgined sheo saw something of collrse, but the m lonliight, witll thsose stranlgo swift chllanges fronm light to gloom, is most deceiving, and doubtless she inow somei shadow fling by ono of the giant trees not soi very far away, No; this ihas nis elltirt upon Iliti ; it is the suggestionl thlt telicl ighlt be in einy distress or anliety that troubles him, ind urges Ilint to spllen as lie dles., " Don't you tlhink, sir, that if ali lilnisiry were seIilll at~t?Miss Aldesn's ihonie, it would be satisfalctory to all! It is not so ver)y late, barely tvwelve, and sldoibtless it would be an cane to jMrs lIerrick's mind to be easslled of ller uennt's well-being. I shall gladly lie te htearer oif ailly message yon isiight think well to senid as al excusell for calling alt thli--" "No, ?ir I leiner, ns, sir, lon no neeoullnt; thanrlk you ll tile sllll," qulickly interlrupts tie Squire, uind there is i tlouch of the implilerilious mannlilller that hIis family know so well its sign with hiin of inflexible detlUcision, ' It should be It very Seriollu matter itndeed that would inducoe ile to disturb alld startle mly poor sllTering sister-ii-law at this time of Ilighlt--certainly not fora foolish lchilh's hysterical fanicies," With ia displeased glance at the nlbashled liaitllleen, lie ildds, ")label has plenty of emissaries; if seie waniited to send herle sihe need be at no loss. 't'io child esln't be very hlelp. tless, or ailonie, whit, three womenel sservants readly to dto her bidllding one of them tier flitlthl, devoted old nsrse. Ielieve sile, ill news liles Fast, iid if anything were wron- we, sohoulod hear only too soosn." And lie tlurled away with dignli lied step to leave the lhall, hIls uslal cheery, genial old face, grave and tronbled-lsooking, as, in spite of himself, a faint Ianxiety iabot tis lister-in-law remainsa with him. sKathleen prepares to ifollow witsh tise rest, tolkisg to Norssan Leslis as stlo goes, who is warmly trying is console nll re-assulre her, andi darts froln behind tihe lshelier of Ihis glasses wsrattfil, iin. digiasit glances at tihe reotreatling form of the des inciselseis Squires, for his brutality in drawing tearss frions those lovely eyes. If the trultlhi iieist be con fessedl, Norlnlllll feels ia suistll sbadeguilly, and iliat ilsirectly he is partly respon sible for Mtiss O'llarns' wild imaginings, I as she seemled leculiarly imlprsseds by hi. story and hiss beeLn somewhat sileint andl seioi+ sinllce. Bnt even lie, thlougth her faithtll champliiioln, believes it to be completely fanclly, asi, in spite of his sensatoional tale. writing, lie hlais no leaning whatever towlards the sl uperintaltnrl, andl especially stoills sit the ol Irihsh belief in tle " Feitc," consislerinig it a particulsarly objeclionable foirm of suplerstition. 1 I ihas been tryinll to banish from tile girl's uhind the ildea that al e saw Mlbel or aniy olthier tigure'; idoubtless hier indst was fuill of hier frienlld, ulal then ,soaiie saidden shadowr, fallingl in solo lpenliar waly, resultesd in a sort of optical illusiona, " Many Ieople, ieorn especially tllose witl sensitive, imagiinative, ligllly steilnig tlenmlorntentis, are quite subject to these brain-pllictures, Miss O'lilrn," he says. " 'lhny thinki of sosmeone, pierhahss living, possibly sdead, andi the cthances1 are tell to one but thie personl tholught of in as iloment r so iralks quietly into tile rooml, apparently iln thn Ileshl, notling whliatever unsubstantial in their get nlp. Thue Iersons ceistosmedt to tltese littll visual derasngelnents grow to think nlothlilng of thells, though it must be atllher a staggerer when the illusory guest hails frolm tie churchyard I Of course, in excess, thesl e delusions are a very unpleasant and highly dangerous form of inervous disorder ; still, I would not alttach anlly implortance to a solitlary illusion of the l kind if I were you i yon are a little nlersvons t-isighlt, anld--" i Sllemenlbe' thie awful night it is, G[r Leslie I" breathed ?sithleen, in a low, slhtlseilsg wlisdpeCr. "I imn sotsl)eeislly inervols, and it was no optiels illsion.I. 1 wonu't esitend sisy longer tliht it wms lsab 1 saws tIhat isulst Isve been a fslcy, a tlistake, thouglI I could Iaive sswors it was she; but tihe face iwas, I adlist, purtly ii sliadoiw. No, I eno liw Ihow it is. YXo sknits Ihse-" (st(ollgly elmpli.sisod but veguely intldelilite) "are ssis t l re- visit tile earthl toa-niglt; it woas just twehlvoe o'clock nld ' All Sols' Nigllt. It was islsirit I sau, 3[r Leslie ! I sslse was clectedt to-Oh! HIlurk I" else ssds'enhsi, wilclly excinilms, growihg gisasstl tale COlmlillg io ai stalndtill, with raised wsirnhisg ilIger, wllile tlie otlier alsdst trelblisgly ecltcesa Normlan's "' lite sts lell gail," s?un gasps, and hier wordrs are isiillanohuoslsiy echoe?d bIy all tlreseit, T'ile Sqilore ind twoi or tltree of tile elierly, ississipressed gi6ests, wtl tand iltlae isdtecorols latoe to fillos him back to tlhe wearntlh and conifssrt, that lthey felt tiemnetlves illised to lave been obligesl to lsbnllnlon for eves tlsole lew iinutes, soio ai lready out oflcarillg; but all thie rest instantly distingisi, witli pale, stertletL faces, thie light, smooth, even step of a febs isinntes ago. It eellis rathler leuder lhis time atld draw ing ielarer, as it woreO thi otiier eonse how appearedot to cease at a little distance ironl tile ioise. 'fliey can distinctly Iear the crnnclling of the gravel beneath thie lighit, firm treiad, andi all gaze spoll boand at the door as in a trance of fenrfall eXpectatiou, swhil Kathleen, chloso nierves are wrroulgst to a highll pitchi of teislion, cla tlrdly refrain fronl screaming alosd. The neat moment a great sigh of re lief breathles throsugh tile stately Iall as n yosng lian--t silgnslarly tiandsonie yosllg inll, bhittonetl ltp in a great- coot -steps briskly into tile tiorch, tesitates ia momene t or trwo, as if coinfnsed whena tie saw the groep, ianti tthen cemes in qeiotly wrisi rtller an eslbarrasoed lteprecalting nir, turnisg qnickly offI towards the servnlits qeuirters as if he wisledl to avoid notice. To iearly all those who are regarding I Ihin witll interest, mingled with some sU'urilse and gigantie relief, he is comn pliletely unkon; coven the lsembers of tile Arden flamily wlo are present do not aplpear to recognie hint. But ssldenly a neighboring yeonung vosnstry lisire, who is sonmshatt ls the background, talking earnestly to an exquisite little blot d ,-a fairy-like petite creature, and graid-niece to old Wyndham Bulrroughs-to whom Cap tain Armitago has almost exclasively devoted himself all the evening, much to the chagrin of her present cavalier, ca!ls oat lustily, " Ihllo I Harmon; I say, you've given us It pretty fright. We took you for one of the ghosts who are said to prowl about to-night, you know. W\Vat did you do with yourself the first time we heard you ? You never hove in sight thiough the step canio quite close, lHav you been trying to scare us a bit, elh?" " I don't nderstal,d you, .fer Loftus," ansevrrs the youlg llna thus addressed, Ihushing slightly under thie crutiny of sO manyIIn eyes. "I have but this nmoiPent reached, te oleue,r. I went down to the couttge nearly two hours ago to Iunt for ua cuple of leases tehat the Squire wishes to see on Monday. I have only now returned. I walked fast, as it was late, and saw no one; so I don't even know to what yon alludte. I dli not come by the avenue, certainly, but through the park and byespath. If I have slmtaled anyone, I much regret it, uanil beg to apologise," and with a can prehensive bow, that seemlell to include all, the young tmu disappeared in the lirection of tie housikeepers reom,. (7' bbe coutirtuced.) 