A LATTER DAY GHOST. Br Mbs M. L. Ratse. Do I believe in ghosts ? Great Caesar's ghost, that Brat as saw on the eve of Che battle of Phillipi, answer me." The earliest remembrance I have of enper .. natural things is the reading in the Bible of the ghost of Samuel, which appeared to the witch of Endor, thereby frighten ing her nearly ont of her own wits, for she knew she was quite incapable of producing spirits herself, and was shrewd enough to . recognise a greater power present than her own. Besides that,! .we have had all kind of ghostly exper-, iences in our own family. When my brother-in-law's cousin's husband lay on , his deathbed there came three cracks of a whip over the looking-glass, which instantly was shivered from centre to circumference, and, as the nurse de clared," youcouid have walked on that glass and it wouldn't have cracked." And when my great uncle died the clock stopped of its own accord, and conld never be coaxed to go again. There are those, 1 know, who will say that the three cracks of the whip were preliminary to the cracking of the glass from natural causes, and that the old clock ran down, being worn out with -age. Be that as it may, we all have a yearning for the supernatural, andwonld rather keep our ghosts in their unearthly habiliments as evidence of the vague world of mysticism, whence they stray for brief visits to frighten or instruct us. But I did have a serious fright from a ghostly appearance which toy Scotch j "Hood at once pronounced a '** fetch," and i it is |ast 88 sear the supernatural world as I care to reach until I become a ghost myself and play pranks on my own account. The ghost in question first appeared at a seaside resort-—a farmhouse where they eked out their scanty means by taking summer hoarders. There my young Mend, Kate Ellis, went after the death of a dragon of an annt, to whom she had been bound as lxion to his ! * wheeh As noon as, Kate found herself free and able to enjoy life on the com petence the annt was, obliged to leave heir,fhe .became morbid on the subject . of her dqty, to the deceased. "Hi had only been kinder to her, done more for her, made her life more pleasant,'" she wailed. In vain we told her that she had done evoryihing that conld be done to comfort a cantankerons old woman, and she . should now enjoy a well-earned rest— she would invariably retain to her self acensatians until she finally lost her health. Then it was that we prevailed npon her to go down to the seashore, to this isolated spot, and live out of doors. She had been away a month when I received a.lettar, summoning me to her side, fjbe was ill, and so changed I hardly recognised her. "It does not agree with you here. It is too Isnely. Ton must come home with me." " Marie," she said in a faint, hollow: voice, " I have seen Annt Selina." I stared at her without tittering a word. " It is true. The spirit of the dead can come back. I hare seen her twice —she looked angelic—all in lovely white—with a veil over her Jike a bride." ' I laughed aloud. That homely, yellow, scraggy aunt of hers appearing in such a guise was too much for me. Bat I saw how deadly in earnest poor Kate was, and I tried to be serious. ,. . " How did she appear to you, Kate ? In a dream ?" I esked, as I made room for her on the bench in the farmhouse garden where we could talk unobserved. " No, dear, I saw her in her own form, in the clothes closet of the room I sleep in. Yon know spirits must con form to certain psychological conditions —she could not come ihroogh the door, so she attracted my attention to her. Each night an indescribable sound like \- a clap of distant thunder awakened me: Ko one else heard it, I learned from inquiry of the family." . " D|d she talk to you ? Do yon mean to tell me that she spoke to yon 7" I asked incredalonsly. " That is the dreadful thing ahont it I had not the conrage to look at her a moment, or to hear her speak. I saw a reproachful lock on her poor, white faee, and I-—ob, Marie, I must have fainted, for when I awoke it was daylight, and she was gone. There was no one in the closet." " Yon imagined the whole thing," I said, out of patience with so much sup erstition. " Bat she catno again the next night. Iwas determined that I would be strong and ask her to forgive me for all the troubled had caused her, bat I 'was alone and no awfully afraid. It was morning before I dared id open the door of the oloset and then—" She shuddered and looked around fearfully. " And then ?" I promoted. " Then I felt stronger and opened the door. Yes, she was there in each a marrelonsly beautiful dress, bat with , that same sad, reproachful look on her face, and before I.could speak she melted away from my sight." "Melted ?" : " Yes. Dematerialized. It just seemed as if she vanished through the floor and I—I fainted again." " You poor child," I cried soothingly, " I shall sleep in that room to-night, and ypn shall take the one they bare reserved for me. I believe perfectly in the theory-of ghosts, but when it comes to their actual presence, I am not so snre. However l wonld be glad to see even Aunt Selin*. - Yon know I always dt^Bsted her, and I am a good hater, but be forgiven I'm not Jw/' "Don't dear, yon hurt me," said Ivate, meekly. " I hurt for your healing," I re sponded ; " to-night, then, biing on ?our ghost. Oh, by the way, are yon qaite enre this is not a prank of some one in the honse 7 Hare yon mentioned the circumstances ?" " Not to a mor:al except yourself. I lo not want to be the laughing stock of the honse. It is not given to everyone to see the spirits of the departed." " Thank goodness 1" I ejaculated fervently, and then I became suddenly quiet as I stndied the white face of my friend and dreaded the aproach of night. Yes, I may as well own it. It was one thing to sit in the open air and in the sun'ight and hear a story abont ghosts, and another thing to be alone in a strange honse at the time when the powers of darkness are abroad, and ex pect to see one. It was no proof that there were no ghosts because I had never see one. My Scotch ancestors had been gifted with second sight—why not I ? Nonsense I They lived in a superstitions age, and imagined things. Joshua would never hare commanded the sun to stand still if he had known it never moved. I took my courage by the throat and dared it to forsake me. I slept in the haunted room. Yes, and I, too was awakens i by that sound as of distant thunder! I bad left the light burning, and looking at my watch I found that it was, midnight. I concluded someone was up in the house, and then I distinctly heard a sound in the closet—a vague, muffled, uncanny sound! I never was bo wide awake in my life! And I wai determined then and there to penetrate the mystery, even if I perished in the attempt. Frightened 7 Oh, n-n-no indeed! I shook as if with an agae, bat that was excitement, I told myself. To confront a bodyless spirit, an entity, the shaidow of a substance, an un hollowed mirage, a vision, something that neither rested in the grave nor dwelt in paradise—dare I open a door between two worlds and face this thing of wonder ? Then I thought of Aunt Selina, who kept everybody uncomfortable while she was in this world, and was now exceed ing her mission hy the same disposition as of old. My thoughts took a more wholesome and natural turn. I would frustrate the old dame if I could. I laid my hands on the knob of the closet door. It shook as if someone held it on the other side, and the door began slowly to open. ' ' I peeped; Oood heavens 1 A woman stood there, and if it wasn't Aunt Selina, it looked enongh like her to be that antique specimen, even to the widow's weeds, which I saw by tbat glance she still wore. Strange to say, I was not as much frightened as I expected to be, or else I was too badly frightened to know it, and so, in that half-unconscious condition, I pulled open the closet door to fnllesi extent, and facing the black-robed ap parition I shrieked aloud: "Well Aunt Selina, what do you want ?" For a fall minute ire stared at each other, then I began to laugh hysterically, and soon I heard Kateand members of the family poanding on. the door. I ad mitted them, and pointing to the ghost, which had not yet evaporated, asked tragically: " What does this mean " Annt Selina!" gasped Marie. "Nothing of the kind," I said,, dragging the widdow's bonnet and veil from the black clad figure, "look !" "Please he careful," said a sharp voiced women, stepping in to the rescne; " we do dressmaking, and that's my dnmmy. I don't want that new suit of mooming spoiled." „ " How did your dnmmy get into that closet ?" " Oh, there used to be a dumb-waiter there when we kept hotel. I had a wed ding dress on it the last two nights, and now this mourn in' order. I just ran 'em np to keep 'em from being handled." "At the risk of frightening your hoarders ont of their senses. Ton can have your closet and room both, as we are going back to town as soon as it is light" Which we did, and I am not snre that we were not both disappointed at the tame denonement to oar nineteenth century ghost story; which after all does not explode the theory, thongh it does show how much imagination may do in outlining ghostly features. 