The Storyteller. Doreen : The Story of a Singer. (Commenced on the 21st April.) CHAPTER XVII.—THE DECLARATION. By EDNA LYALL, Author of "Donovan," "We Two," "A Hardy Norseman," &c.; The Monkton Verney party drove home that night in excellent spirits. The result of the election would not be declared till the next day at noon, but the general feeling was that Max had won the seat, and the Conservatives, who at the previous election had had a large ma jority, looked anxious and dispirited. Max had been hard at work all day, and was thoroughly exhausted; to lean back in tho corner of the carriage, to oatch faint glimpses of Doreen's face opposite him, and to listen to the oheery talk of his companions, seemed to him a sort of paradise of rest. The conversation happened to turn upon the ghost that haunted the Abbey, and then Mrs. Farrant told a tale of a nice, matter-of-fact, well-explained ghost, of the sort that one likes to think of at midnight, and urged that all ghost stories could-be explained after a similar fashion. " Nothing will make me believe that," said Doreen, who had a strong tinge of Keltic belief in the supernatural. " I will tell you a story of an Irish ghost which my father himself knew to be true; it is a very nice sort, not at all creepy, and it shows a trait in the Irish charac ter whioh English people don't realise." " What is that?" said Max. " Their unceasing memory of kindness. An Irishman never forgets." " Let us have the story,?' said Donovan Far rant. " This is precisely the right sort of light for it." " Well," said Doreen in her clear, mellow voice, with its delicious modulations, "there was once upon a time a well-to-do settler in Australia, who lived some fifty miles from a town. He was in the habit of riding in occa sionally to draw out money from his bank, and on one of these rides, as he was returning with a good deal of gold upon him, be was stopped by an Irishman, who begged him most piteoualv to lend him some money to get his passage back to Ireland. The man was in terrible distress, longing to got baok to bis people in the old country, who needed him in some great trouble, bat absolutely without moans to pay his fare. " 'You are a perfect stranger to me,' said the Englishman. ' How am Ito trust you ?' Yet all the time he felt sorry for the poor fellow, and inclined to believe in him. " 'If you will only help, me,' cried the Irish man, ' I will never forget it to you. Lend me tbe loan of the money, and I will pay you baok, and, should death overtake me, sore then I'll repay you in the next world.' " The Englishman, touohed by the appeal, lent the money. Years passed by, and nothing was heard of the Irishman. One day he was •gain riding along the same road, and again carrying an unusually large amount of gold from his bank. He was feeling nervous that day, for there had recently been a bad highway robbery, and a solitary traveller had been robbed and murdered by two ruffians who were still at large. In the very loneliest part of the road he •11 at once felt that he was being followed. For • while he tried to believe it was nothing but fancy; the way was so rough and hilly that it was impossible to urge on his horse, and at last, glancing round, his worst fears were realised; he saw that two villainous-looking men were rapidly approaching him. They drew nearer •nd yet nearer; in the dear atmosphere he eoold plainly hear their words. V • Now is the time,' said one ; • forward!' "'Hold, you fool!' cried the other with a sudden change of tone. ' It's no use; don't you see there are two of them ?' " Amazed at their words, he glanced round, •nd there, at his right hand, was the Irishman, walking beside him. There was something in the look of him that awed the traveller too much for words, yet he felt nothing but intense surprise and relief. The two ruffians turned and fled the instant theY realised that there might be risk to themselves in attacking their victim, and the Irishman walked steadily on beside the traveller, until his home was in sight, then suddenly vanished. And the Englishman realised that the promise had been kept, and that, nnable to pay the loan in this world, the man had doubly repaid him in the next. He understood that the Irish never forget." , " That is the best ghost story I ever heard," ■aid Mrs. Farrant; " but did not the traveller •peak to the Irishman V. " I cannot say; he may have spoken. I tell the story as my father told it to me, and I be lieve he bad it from the traveller himself." " It is so difficult ever to get a story at first hand," said Donovan Farrant, " but I oonfes3 that sounds more possible to me than your Abbey ghost, in whioli I oan't get up any sort of belief." " I believe in him," said Doreen. " Indeed, lam rather afraid of him. Nothing would in duce me to go to the Abbey after dark." "You might go a hundred times and see ■ nothing," said Max, laughing. "It is only on certain nights, aocording to old Goody, that he takes the trouble to show up. I wish to good ness I could lay him somehow, for it is a serious drawbaok to the plaoe; two or three times, when we were anxious to let i£ for the summer, the plan fell through on account of this silly superstition. The ladies of the party objected to a haunted plaoe, and it was no use to tell them that the ghost limited himself to the walls of the ruins, and had never been so ill- bred as to trouble us in the house." 11 You are going to lay it yourself by restoring the ruin," said Doreen, smiling; and they fell to the discussion of plans for the projeoted buildings. Doreen woke the next morning with an ex ultant feeling that the great day of her life had dawned, the day for which she had so long waited and hoped. She sang to herself from sheer lightness of heart as she dressed, and her bright face seemed to inspirit the others when they all met at breakfast. Afterwards, they drove in to Firdale, to be present at the count ing of the votes, and the keen air of that sonny April morning seemed to banish all the mis givings which had seized them daring the night, and ta^tJiaay>flTera^up with hope. The waiting waV.tetny^lor]*; jWeen hardly knew how to e(nddpe^it. TjikqfajfteSn a dream she watched Ih^iedate. iiripamw- ajriof the return ing officer jin4 m^'aaaistanv^ns Veil-assumed calm of ]krc'H^eele',^p4'the urraj&glised; eager ness of heV^mwt^ She* jjijlf beaMa Mrs. Here ford, maryen^M'aHier quits pajnendb, and from time to time^\rh/ferttp--taus«^n vbacame unen durable, she triefK^KJ^oßpJl -^jf, and looked forth from the wimtow at-Htfle crowd, which grew and-grew, until by 12 o'clook the whole of the market place was packed with people, eagerly waiting for the announcement of the poll. She had contrived to beoome so much absorbed in outer things that when Mrs. Here ford touched her on the arm she started baok to a painful remembrance of the present, and saw that the supreme moment was at hand; with throbbing heart and panting breath she waited, hope struggling with fear, yet always coming off conqueror. For a moment there ■ was deathly stillness in the room ; only from the outside came the subdued murmur of the waiting and expeotant orowd. Then tbe re turning officer announced the figures:— For. Mr. Staole, 700. For Mr. Hereford, COT. Conservative majority, three. The room swam before her eyes for a minute; when she could see again she found that Max waß shaking hands with the new member cour teously enough, but with a dazed air, as of one who had just received an unlooked-for blow. The aotion touched her; it bore witness to hi 3 innate courtesy, which even in a such a moment was not to be laid aside. As the new member turned to Mrs. Hereford, she came close to Max, and slipped her hand into his. " You know how to fail," she sSid in a low voice, " and next time you will surely win." There was bustle and confusion in the room, the window was thrown open, the returning officer stepped on to the balcony to announce the result of the eleotion, but the two lovers still stood a little apart; in the bright, hopeful blue eyes lifted to his Max forgot for a moment his bitter'disappointment. Already he was thinking of the changes that would have come in his life when that "next, time" of which she spoke had actually arrrived. " Shall I have your help in the next fight?" he asked below his breath. •' Why, of course," she replied with a glanoe full of sweetness and confidence; "you will always have it when you want it." He pressed her hand, and together they moved towards the window and once more heard the fatal announcement and the mingled Cheers and groans with which it was received. Then the new member spoke a few pleasant words, and politely hoped that bo might always have to do with so honourable an opponent, and when the victor had bowed himself off the balcony the crowd, -after their usual somewhat trying fashion, demanded a sight of the van quished, and Max, feeling rather as if he were stepping on to the scaffold at his execution, went out to receive an ovation from his followers, which was not a little trying in the present state of his feelings. And yet there still lingered with him the warm pressure of Doreen's hand, and tbat oheering thought of the next time. In the strength of her hopeful ness he spoke a few straightforward, manly words, candidly owning his disappointment, .confidently looking forward to future success. "Let our honourable defeat," he concluded, " spur us on till at tbe next election our cause may have an honourable victory." After this Mr. Steele's supporters dragged his carriage triumphantly through the town, amid great rejoicings, and old Killigrew watohed the prooession with satisfaction. "'E is, after all, a very moderate Conserva tive," he reflected, "and a pleasant-looking, urbane gentleman; there's something, too, that pleases me in the way 'c cuts 'is beard. I'm not on the whole sorry that 'c's to be our member; 'ell be a credit to the place, there's no doubt of that." * The old man stood on his doorstep, dis cussing the very narrow majority with some of tbe passers-by, and trying to discover if there was any likelihood of a recount. Presently the sound of wheels roused him from this discussion. " Why, there goes Mr. 'Ereford," he re marked, making just as low a bow as he had made a few minutes before to the successful candidate. "Poor fellow! 'c do look, disap pointed. I'm really sorry for *im; there's a deal that's good in 'im, and 'c's a fine, 'andsome fellow, nobody can't deny, though I do some; times wish 'c would grow 'is moustache fust a trifle longer. But Lor' bless you, 'c don't think rauoh of 'is looks, or 'ed realise fast enough that 'is mouth was not the best feature 'c 'ad, and would be all the better for a little more 'air about it. All 'c thinks about is what is best for 'is speechifying. 'E do look mortal fagged, poor fellow, an' no mistake." Max was in truth desperately disappointed, and like most high-spirited people when he did go down into the depths of depression it was no easy task to get him out again. The Farrants were obliged to leave direotly after the poll had been declared, and there was something very dreary in the atmosphere of the house when the three returned to lunch after that dismal morning's work. Mrs. Hereford and Doreen made brave efforts to talk during the meal, but Max was not responsive, and afterwards shut himself up in the smoking-room. As for Doreen, Bhe fell fast aßleep on the drawing room sofa, more tired than she would have oared to own by the strain of the election. To sleep was well enough, bat to wake to the remembranoe of that orushing disappointment was bard indeed. Fortunately she was too sensible to waste time in brooding over the in evitable, and springing up from the Bofa she began to work conscientiously at solfeggi, then found some pleasure in singing " The Meeting of the Waters." This speedily drew Max from the smoking-room; he stole in quietly, not drawing near to the piano, but -waiting in the oriel window at the further end of the room, forgetting for the time his miserable depression as he listened to the sweet voioe and exquisite air. The words, too, fell soothingly on his ear. Sweet vale of Avocal bow calm could I rest In thy bosom of shade with the friends I love best, Where the storms that we feel in this cold world should cease, And our hearts, like thy waters, be mingled in peaoe. As the last chords died away into silence she beard his step approaohing. "Oh, is it you?" she cried, her faoe lighting up. "I never heard anyone oome into the room." "You played Orpheus to my Eurydioe," he said, smiling; "and witched me out of the Inferno of the smoking-room and of my dismal reflections. That song is, after all, the most beautiful of all the Irish melodies." " I sang selfishly to drive out my own dismal reflections," she replied. " I took Moore's advice, you see," and with a smile that was sweet, yet half mooking, she turned over the leaves of the book and pointed lo the lines— Friendship's balmy words may feign, Love's are c'en more false than they; Oh I 'tis only music's strain Can sweetly soothe and not betray t " Do you believe that ?" said Max. "Why, no; not a bit," ahe replied with a little rippling run laugh. "What a curious oreed one would have if it were necessary to believe all that one sings 1" " What should you say to a walk np Books bury ?" said Max, new life seeming to fill him as he watched hor sunny face. She turned a little on the mnsio-stool, and took a rapid glanoe at him. " I think," Bhe replied, " you are too tired for a climb after all that you have been through." " Does that mean that you wilt have nothing to say to an unsuacebsful candidate?" " I don't break my promises, but we should perhaps climb hotter if—if " She hesitated. -"If we climb hand-in-hand?" "Yes." Her eyes, whioh had met his for a moment in a glanoe of perfect comprehension, were cast down now; her hands trembled a little as she looked them fast together in her lap. "Doreen!" he cried, "we seem always to be drawn together by some trouble or disaster. But to-day I had made so sure of success, to day I had hoped all our dreams ef long ago were to be fulfilled. How can I dare ask you to be.my wife at such a time as this?—l,,who, at the best, feel so unworthy of your love ?" • " I could not have loved you so much had you suooeeded," she said, lifting her face to his with a light of such happy trust, such perfcot love about it, that Max was almostoverwhelmed. "My dearest!" he cried, folding her in his arms, " this is worth waiting for." And, in truth, the unexpected event of the morning had greatly altered and inexpressibly deepened Doreen'B feeling for her lover. His suooeBs would have delighted her; she would have been full of eager excitement and joyous pride. But his rejection stirred within her that passionate sympathy, that absolute devotion, whioh she felt for her unhappy country. The afternoon which had begun so heavily passed away in a sort of dream of delight. As for the election, it was forgotten, with all else belonging to the outer world, and neither of them had the least consciousness of time. They might have sat together in the cosy corner beside the hearth for hours, if Mrs. Hereford had not, after a time, interrupted them. One gl«R^7e^4he two, of course, told her the whore, story/ ,'She came towards them, smiling. / '*',' •".' " Are TO£rendY)for te'aychildren?" she said, smiling, p^j a*-%(ppy imputee*1-! was moved to order k^uj\ thl\p6k.parlour, which looked more snugL^t^ cosyibr.such a Wall party, otherwise x°* might /ttpve hali Thomas breaking in upon you witte'the tea Ijfcay 1" " Doreen has^ot rejected me thjs time," 6aid Max, stooping to kiss his mother. " And let as hope that Firdale will follow her example and only keep me waiting a few years." Perhap3 under other circumstances the day of her only son's betrothal might have been a trying time for Mrs. Hereford, but coming after the disaster of the morning the glad reaotion was most exhilarating, and, dearly as she had long loved Doreen, she had never loved her quite bo well before. No one else, as she was well aware, could have driven the cloud of disappointment from her son's brow, or made him bear the thought of the long hoars of wasted work so patiently and uncomplain ingly. "And here have I been wasting my sym pathy on you the whole afternoon," she said, laughing. " I left him in the smoking-room, bound hand and foot by Giant Despair. How did you manage, Doreen, to draw him out of the dungeon?" " I think, perhaps," said Doreen, blushing. " he remembered, as the pilgrims did, that h« had a certain promise." After tea the two lovers olimbed Bookabury together to Bee the sunset.' The wind was still cold and blustering, but they cared nothing for that. Doreen only wrapped her green cloak more closely about her, and stepped briskly forward, feeling ready in the strength of her new happiness to walk for milos. "Iwear my eleotion oloak to give it a new and happy association," she said, laughing, as they olimbed slowly up the hill beneath'the Btately pines. " I think you should put it away for the next eleotion," said Max. " Moreover, it is not con venient for us now ; I can't get at your hand. A sealskin jacket would be a hundred times more oornfortable; I shall get you one." " That would be beautiful for America next winter, if we go." " You are going to America ?" he said in dis may. "Oh, nothing is settled; I must talk it all over with you," said Doreen; "but the St. Pierres think of making a tour in the States. We should be away from September to .Feb ruary, and they are moat anxious that I should aocept their offer. Financially it would be an exoellent thing, but I have not yet been able to face the thought of leaving the ohildren for so long." " You don't seem to take any acoount of me," said Max with a reproaohful smile. " Indeed, I do," she replied wistfully. "It is for your sake that I think I might screw up my courage to oonsent to the plan. You see, by going to America I should earn just double what I ooold earn in England, and so I should be all the sooner free." "Why will you let this miserable money question stand between us any longer?" pleaded Max. "You know all that I have is yours." " Yes, I know," she answered, pressing. his hand; " but all the same, Max, I cannot let you marry the family. You mast let me provide for the ohildren, and somehow it takes muoh longer than I thought it would take. Perhaps I am not a good manager, but though I work hard the money seems somehow to melt, and a good deal will be needed to start the two boys in life, and to get a really comfortable provision for Mollie and Bride. Then there are so many expenses in an artiste's life; dress is a very heavy item, and with regard (o it I have had to buy my experience. You men are so much better off in that way—always able to wear black." " I am thankful you can't do that," said Max. "I should like you always to be in white; nothing suits you so well." " Yes," Baid Doreen, laughing. " You said so long ago, and you have no idea what a struggle I made to meet your wishes, but it was just ruination. The dirty floors in the artistes' room, and the constant coining on and off the platform, make white dresses the trial of one's life. And then comes the next bitter piece of bought experience—the dyer. Oh, I had a lovely white Liberty silk, and in an evil moment, having worn it thoroughly dirty, sent it to be dyed peacock blue. It came home looking no better than alpaca—perfectly rained. I shed tears over that dress, but afterwards we had some fun about it, drawing lots whether it should be made into frumpy frocks for the ohildren, or given to the Little Sisters of the Poor, or sent to the rag and bone shop." " You might be trusted to get fun somehow out of the direst mishap," said Max, laughing. " It was after that disaster with the dyer pro bably that you insisted on wearing for so long a black satin dress which I detested. It always nfade me think of that woman who was hanged in blaok satin, and proved unexpectedly a bene faotor to her raoe, by sending it out of fashion for years after." " How long ago everything seems 1" said Doreen. " The time itself has passed quickly, and yet it is almost like looking baok on another life to think of that day when I met you on the steps of the British Museum—that last day of my miserable waiting time." "The day when you wanted me to con gratulate you on singing at a city dinner," said Max, laughing. " 1 remember very well how I bated the oity magnates who were going to re quite you with three guineas." " You will never understand how a drowning man catches at straws," said Doreen. " Besides, it was not only the getting an engage ment that made me so happy that day. Do you suppose it made no difference to me to find that after all I had a friend in London?" "But you knew so many of your fellow countrymen in town." "I had not come aoross many of them then, and Donal Moore was away in Ireland that spring. It was quite the saddest and loneliest bit of my life. There was not a soul to whom I could really talk." Max smiled. "You will never make me believe that you were long silent," he said; " that is against Nature. You mean there was no one to whom you could confide secrets." "I have no secrets," said Doreen. Then, a sudden cloud and smile flitting over her face, "At least no secrets from you, and only one that mnst be kept from the world. But there was no one with' whom I was really in touoh. Then you came, and with you all other good things." "What are we to wish this time at the Wishing Tree?" said Mft, as by-and-by they stood together at the summit of Rookabury, and once more looked over that wide, exquisite view.- It was glorified now in the sunset light, and the first hue 3 of early green were bursting out in bush and hedgerow, while the larger trees still stood out brown and bare, relieved in places by the dark pines. "What are we to wish, darling?" ha repeated, looking down tenderly into the bright, winsome face beside him. ."There is nothing left to wish for," said Doreen dreamily. Then, awaking from her heaven of peace to the recolleotion of the struggle of the morning, she made a little ex clamation, half of penitence, half of amusement. " Why, what am I thinking of ?" she cried. " Of course, we must wish for your saooesß at the next election 1" [to be cosaihckd.] 