BY THE SANDS OF DEE. CHAPTER I. gOlIE LEAVES FEOIT MARION HOWTEK S " « 28, Charlotte-street. London, D JN., E 7 Tuesday Night. By JOHN K. LEYS, Author of " The Lindsays, so, It is done at last ! I have got the situation. This morning my heart nearly stood still when the postman's knock sonnded at the door. I thought Aunt Margaret looked strangely at me, as I hurried upstairs with my letter; and I was in a fright lest she should call me baok and ask who had written to ma As soon as I touched the envelope, I knew that my photograph had been returned to me; and that was enough to make me think I conld not be engaged. But in another second I had opened the envelope and found that I was. I nearly cried with excitement and joy. To think that in forty-eight hours—no, only thirty- six now, I shall have left Charlottestreet for ever ! For I have quite made np my mind that even if I lose this situation I will find another, and never oome baok here. Five years I have been here—five long, weary years! Oh, how I have learned to hate the Bight of the houses, and the close smell of the streets, and the dull routine of the shop six days a week, and ohapel on the seventh! That is beoause I am not a London girl bred, I suppose. I shouldn't mind eo much being a milliner and dressmaker in the oountry. No one knows how sick I have been of it all; no one but you, my dear diary, knows anything about the nights I have oried myself to sleep through sheer weariness with the dulness of my life, and longing to lie down on a hayoock onoe more! But I was going to say that when I found that I really was engaged, of course I had to go downstairs and tell my aunt, and that was no easy task. " Aunt," I began, just after we had sat down to breakfast, " Aunt, I am Bfraid I have not been so grateful nor so helpful to you as I might have been." (I fear this was partly hypocritical on my part, for upon my word I don't see what I have to be grateful for. Very few girls, I am sure, wonld work as hard as I have done for next to no salary. It is not as if Aunt Margaret were poor.) Then, as my aunt made no answer, but only looked at me, I went on:—" T. thought I had better tell you thBt I have been trying to get a situation as oompanion to a lady, and I have got one. Miss Delaroche wishes me to go to her as coon as possible." My aunt went on witb her breakfast, as coolly as if nothing had been said in any Way calling for an answer. That is her way. And then, about an hour afterwards, when we had settled down to our work, she snddeniy laid down the bodice ehe was sewing at, and said— "And who is to take your plaoe, Marion, I should like to know ?" " Oh, Auntie," I exclaimed, " you know half a dozen girls who would be only too glad to do it." " I hope you have no complaint to make," she said, in a severe tone. "Nonewhatever,"I said, as heartily as I oould : " you have always been kind to me, aunt." And so she has, after her way ; bnt then it is a way I don't like. And oh! the sameness of existenoe in this bonBe! I feel as if I were going out of prison ; I do indeed. At any rate, I am going to begin a new life. X wonder what sort of life it will be. "The High Firs, Radstook, Cheshire." That is to be my new home. I like the Bound of the name, and that is something to a girl like me—for in my heart I am no more than a girl, though I was twenty-five last birthday. Twenty-five! It would have seemed so old to me six or seven years ago. It doesn't sound at all old now. I think whatever.BmaII share of beauty I ever possessed baa been banished by the hard work and the oloseair of London. I am engaged by a Mr. Delaroohe to be companion to hi* grand-daughter, who ia an orphan. I do hope I shall like her; and, what is quite as important, I hope she will like me? One thing rather troubles me. Perhaps I should have applied for a situation as a lady's maid instead of a place as a companion. It ie true my father was surgeon ; but, then, I have been really only a working milliner all these years, and I may not be fitted to eit at table with gentlefolks even in the humble quality of oompanion. Still, if I pass muster it will be a decidedly pleasanter life than a lady's maid would have been, and if not I suppose it is only giving me a month's notioe. But I positively must stop scribbling and go off to bed, for I have plenty to do to-morrow. The High Firs, Radstook* Cheshire, Here I am ai^i^Eroningj^^ must begin at the beginning. 'Aunt Margaret bade me good-bye rather kindly—in fact, for her very kindly. She kissed me and gave me a ten-pound note—I can't imagine how I am to ohange it if I should ever wish to spend it —and bade me be sore to stop witb bar whenever I was in London. I deolare I felt a lump oome into my throat as I parted with poor auntie; and even Matilda, our maid of all work, add the very greengrocer's shop at the corner seemed ever so muoh nioer than usual, and as if they seemed sorry I was going. I cried, and almost felt as if I would like to go back; but I knew that if I did bo I should be ready to bite my fingers off next day. The journey was long and dull. I had an hour to wait at Chester, and three-quarters of an hour at a little wayside innotion, eo that it was nearly sunset before I arrived at Radstook. The happy harvest fields, and the lanes fringed with elms, and the wallflowers and pinks of the nottagers' gardens were all bathed in golden light—that sounds ao dreadfully common- place, and yet I oan't think of any better words. It was like the afternoon of a day in fairyland. And suoh a oharming nook of England my new home ie in ! There is a wide sheet of blue water. That is the estuary of the Dee. When the tide is out the blue water ia ohanged to yellow sand—the very sand across which Mary oalled her oattle in Kingsley's ballad. At the other side of the water I can see houses and hedgerows, and the, fields, some green, some brown, some bright' yellow. And beyond these are the dark blue bills. I am writing by oandle-light, at the open window; and when I turn my back to the candle I can see the shadowy moonlight stealing over both the" water and the bills, making it all look so misty and ghost-like. Behind the house the ground rises abruptly, and on lAe hill there is quite a little forest of pine-trees. They keep up a continual gentle murmuring, though there is very little wind, and even here I fanoy I feel the scent from them. These are the firs the house is named after. There is no village. Radstook is only the name of the Station and two or three cottages, in one of which is the Post-office. A brougham met me at the station ; and a queer feeling oame over me as the coaohman touched his hat. I felt like an impostor. I really must summon np courage to toll Miss Delaroche to-morrow about that dreadful shop. We drove two or three miles through lovely oountry roads (so narrow that I oould almost have touched the hedge on one side with my hand), catching glimpses of the Dee every now and then. Part of the way we had the firwood on our right hand. It looked quite blaok, the tall, melanoholy trees were so thiok together. Soon after that we passed the lodge gates, and then we had half a mile further to go to the house. It is a queer building, very large, and quite a mixture ; I mean part of it is old, built of grey stone, with narrow triple windows, and part of it is of white brick, with large Frenoh windows opening on the lawn. I was taken upstairs first of all to this delightful bedroom, which is to be my own ; and then a maid came aud asked me if I was ready to see Miss Delaroche. I went down behind her, with a face that was grave enough, I daresay, for my heart was beating wildly ; and I w&s; shown into a small room on the ground floor thac was nearly dark. It seemed to be empty, and I sat down and waited quite long time. Then I thought I would let in a liitle more light, for it was not dark outside, so I rose and drew aside the curtains from one of the windows. AB I did so I started, and gave a little scream. Sitting on a low chair and half hidden by a great vase filled with flowers, was a slight girlish creature, whom I should have taken to be fifteen or sixteen yo&rs; of age. She had the prettiest little head I ever saw in my Jifo, with great wreaths of jet-black hair, a complexionBO dear that it showed tbe red blood through her dark skin, sweet dark eyes, and a little mouth, almost like a ohild's. As I stood and looked ab her she burst out laughing—soft, silvery laughter, and altogether ehe looked so pretty and so lovable that although certainly her oonduot was not very polite I could not help smiling. As I still stood with the curtain in my hand she rose and came towards me, and as she stood up she seemed even more slim and fragile than she had done before. One of her tiny hands, her right one, ehe placed in my left, and her left hand she laid on my right. Neither of us spoke, and then, somehow, I smiled| again ; and Miss Delaroche stood on tip-toe, reached up her face and kissed ine! Yes! she absolutely kissed me; and I, foolish girl that I am, suddenly sat down and began to cry. " Don't, don't do that, Miss Hunter, or I shall think that I have hurt your feelings in some way," she said in a sweet voice that bad just a tinge, I may'call it, of foreign accent in it, " Have I really off r.ded you ?" " Oh, no ! ao! Miss Delaroche ; but I have never gone alone among strangers before • and I was thinking of course, what you would be like, and I imagined somehow, sinoe I oame here, that you would be very grand and stately, and keep me in my plaoe ; and now to find you so kind and good " Miss Delaroche laughed gently, and said •— "I was not goad at all. I behaved horrib'-: bttw <> the truth is I wanted—shall I confeas?-I ®w> what you were like whoa you aS?. ® * looking at you." one looked 1 0 1 ao like a naughty ohild who ax- PQOMd to be scolded that I could not help Mmlmg at her. And now I know that vou at* and that I shall lik* jmvl" I did want a companion w wiwfc < wnd I have had to tease grandpapa for fc to let me have one. Gtufi^^Wi* it %aa quite unnecessary : Wanted me to make >int% MVt» twofold ; but I don't car* muA fto W. w** you must have tea. t or\ierf>4 tefc 1 did not believe you woald ©afe tar *q late. Was right OF oourie I said I wonld much tea : and Miss Delaroohe led ree into an immense dining-room, where a sort of halt-dinner, halftea, was laid out. "How old shoald yon think I am?" said Hiss Delaroche suddenly, fixing her dark brown eyes on me. "Perhaps sixteen," I said, hazarding * guess. My little lady looked somewhat hurt. "Everybody seems to think I am only a ohild," ehe said with an offended air that was only half make believe. " am nearly nineteen, and though I daresay I don't look nineteen, and don't know half as muoh as most girls of my acre, I am not quite a baby. Do nave some more peaches," she added, breaking off suddenly, and apparently forgetting what she had been saying last, " I picked them for you myself." " Did you really !" I asked with some surprise. "Yea I did; on the ohanoe, you know, tbat . I should like YOU. But I wouldn't have told you if I hadn't really liked you ; you may bet your bottom dollar on it. Oh, graoious ! I've been talking slang again. That is the third time to-day. I'm BO glad grandpapa isn't in the room ! Duke taught me to say that the last time he was bere, and he laughed so muoh when I said it. But grandpapa was very displeased. Do yon think it is wrong to talk alang. Miss Hunter?" " Well; it is not ladylike, certainly." "I'm afraid yon are like everybody else. Miss Hunter," aaid litt'e Miss Delaroohe with a sigh, throwing herself back in the great armohairebe was sitting in. " How—I—do—hate —tbat word 'ladylike.' Bub, all the same, you must tell me when yon notice me talking slang. If you don't I shan't be able to respeot yon. Oome," sbe cried, seeing that I had finished my meal; " I wish to show yon the garden before it is quite dark." We threw on our hats, and wandered out into an immense garden, whioh was beautifully kept. There were beds of flowers, of ooarse, on the lawn; but this waa an oldfashioned garden with gravel walks bordered by regular hedges of box, filled with all manner of flower*. If anything it was too neat, too formal; but after a time we came to a corner in whioh Nature bad evidently been allowed to have more of her own way. Flowers and ebrubs giew in wild confusion, all mixed up tbgsAbeir; and in a nook, sheltered by a great ;&Mgeof; privet, stood a tiny summer-house. •.^-f'SMs. ia -my domain," cried Miss Dela- M&e.; " Isn't it lovely ?" ' ."Mtbink it ia quite the prettiest put of the garden," I aaid. • "Do yon really ? I am so glad ! When I first came here I used to pick the flowers everywhere, till MacBriar oomplained to grandpapa; and so thin bit of ground waa given over to me on oondition that I left the rest of the garden alone." "MaoBiiar is the gardener, I suppose ?" I asked. • " yes ; he ia a Scotchman, yon know, and rafmr horrid : bat not so horrid as he ased to be. I don't think he objects to me so much as jbe need to do"—this was said with the most comical mixture of childishness and eonscions- Bees of growing importance. Then she suddenly broke off, " What ia yonr Christian name. Miss Hunter?" ."Marion." "Marion Oh, I am ao glad. I waa afraid it might be Martha, or Matilda, or some other horrid name? and then Ioonldn't have oalled you by it. May I call you Marion?" . "Of oonrae,"8ald I with a smile. " I should like you to call me Line—that ia abort for Pauline, you know—at least I am sure I shall after a bit; but other "people would think it odd, wouldn't they?" " I am quite snre they wonld." "Grandmammawould not approve, Ifancy. By-tbe-way, Mrs. Dalaroche ia not my real grandmother. Listen, and I will tell yon about it. It ia quite a romanoe." And settling herself in a corner of the swnmerhouse in whioh we were sitting, the little lady began. " Long, long ago, my grandpapa fell in love with his couBin—we will oall her Miss Eanhemfa. for her name was Delarochefccxtj-- gfflt jJa lUr te"frro'% 'S5"nseHSrfriwing wnh 1 other, fn for bis father and 1 ber's, and all the frienda and relations, did not approve of sonatas marrying. (That ia another word I do hate. Miss Hnnter. I mean Marion—'don't approve' of so and ao.) Grandmamma says it so often ; I suppose that is why I dislike it so muoh. So, as they oonldn't be married, grandpapa- married somebody else, my own grandmamma. And they bad a eon, only one son, and be married a foreign lady who lived in the West Indies. She was very, very beautiful; and they had a little girl; and that is mb. Do yon understand, Marion?" "P*rfeotly." "Well, when grandpapa married somebody elae, his cousin. Miss Euphemia did the same. Her husband was a Mr. Annesley. He died some years ago; and when my grandmother died, grandpapa and Mrs. Annesley. wbo had beon lovers long ago, were quite old and independent of everybody, and married each other. Wasn't that romantic ?" " Well, I don't know. If they loved eaoh other verv muoh, I suppose it waa. But in tbat oaae I don't see why they ." Then I remembered suddenly that I bad no business to be discussing Mr. and Mrs. Delaroohe's private affairs, least of all with theft grand, ohild, so all at onoe I became dumb. Mies Delaroohe burst out-lau'gh ng. " I know what y6u are thinking : just as well as if you had spoken," ahe aaid. "But yon can't eoold me because yon are nearly aa guilty as I am: and, beaidea, yon are not my governees. I think a companion is ever so mnob nicer than a governess," ahe added confidentially. Jnst then a bell rang loudly from the house, and Mis? Delaroohe. starting up, said ws must go in to prayers. The servants were already gathered together in the diningroom when we entered, and Mr. Delaroohe had begun to read »ohapterfrom the Bible. Then he read a very long formal tirayer out of a book: and I think everybody felt relieved when the ceremony waa over. After prayers I was presented to Mr. Delaroohe. a tall, stately, white-haired old gentleman, and hi« wife, who looked several years younger. They received me polit-ly'but coldly. Mrs. Delaroohe did not impress me favourably. Her face had • hard, mean expression I thought: and it seemed to me that she belonged to the old. formal sohool who looked upon an impropriety of demeanour aa something worse than a mere sin. It is evident to me already that there is not much affection between the old lady and her husband's grandchild. Ae for me, T have taken a very strong liking for Miss Delaroohe. She is so delightfully frank, so full of kindly impulses. I oan easily believe that she has faults : T oan imscrine her wayward and provoking; but it. wonld be impossible not to love the fairy-like little creature. If I were a man I should fall head over ears in love with her at onoe, and I should love her the more, the more provoking she became. If she marries, I do hope she will get a good husband, for when ehe lovea she will love passionately, and if her love were misplaoed it would break her heart. 