Local and G-eneral. No _SENSE--Alderman Clissold, at Monday's .Council meeting:-"The Council ought to know whether a man is capable of valuing property or not." Alderman Litton : " Yes, they have a lot of sense 1" . MILITARY.-K Company programme for March quarter : January 13, 4.30 p.m., drill order, fall in it Corps Office : January 20, 4.30 p.m., drill order; January 2G,Bathurst field day order-inspection j by G.O.C. . RAILWAY FREIGHTS.-In our leading article last week we were in error in reckoning that goods are loaded at Sydney. Goods are loaded at Darling Harbour, making a difference of seven-pence or so in the freights, but the mistake does not materially affect our argument. REVISION COURT.-As will be seen by adver tisement a Revision Court will be' held for the Nepean Electorate on Tuesday, 16th inst., at 10 a.m., at Penrith, and on Thursday, 18th inst,, at Lawson, at 10 a.m., for the purpose of revising the Electoral List for each division. >' DENTISTRY.-Mr. J. I. Marshall,,, the 'well known Dentist of Sydney, who, we bear, has been so well supported on his. previous professional visits to this town, announces in this paper that he will now come on the 2nd and 4th Saturday of each month. Consulting Rooms at the Red Cow Inn as before. UPSET.-While riding across Hornseywood last Sunday afternoon a little boy, J. Rafter, was unfor tunate enough to fall off the horse while going at a pretty fast pice. The little chap'lodged on his faces which was badly knocked about, being bruised and cut a good deal. Ho is now pretty well, save a couple of black marks. BAD TIMES.-At Mr. Eaton's sale of first class cattle on Wednesday the following prices were realized:-Cows in full milk, from-£1 lis to £2 l(>s ; winter cows from 10s to £1 14s ; bullocks from £1 3s to £2 , heifers 15s, steers £1 lis, cow and calf £2 Is, cow £2 4s and £1 Is, 5 steers at 14s each. These prices are fully exemplary of the hard times. LOOK OUT.-The Inspector of Nuisances informs us, and by way of doing our readers a good turn we inform them, that for the future all persons driving without lights after sunset in -any part of the Municipality, including High- street, will be prosecuted. As the fine is about 10s with 4s 6d costs it will be no joke, so we advise our readers to take the tip. . OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE.-The following has been kindly handed to us by Mr. 8. E. Lees, M.P. Department of Public Works, Sydney 5th January, 1804. Sir, I am directed to acknowledge the' receipt of your letter of tbe' 3rd instant/ respecting state of bridge at'Bond's Flat on road to Games Hill to Blaxland's Crossing and to inform you that a further commuuication will shortly be made to you, this being merely an intimation that your letter has been received. I have the honor to be, etc., J. BABLING, Under Secretary. A CONFOUNDED NUISANCE,-Political parties in the city arc becoming a nuisance to the country press. Most of them appear to think that country newspapers have nothing to do but insert their long winded correspondence. Only this week we received a letter of a column and a half from the Landowner's Association. Needless to say wo don't own any land BO the matter don't interest us, ultliough if any of our readers are lucky enough to own any, they are quite welcome to come and read it. In case any accident occurs we may say a chemist lives over the road. The local option League also favours us with a letter of about two columns, but we are not short of copy this week. This letter may also bo perused apen application. S"oviiiii CRICKET MATCHES.-The lodges are now taking to cricket. The following team will represent the I.O.O.F. to meet the Loyal Alexander Lodge on Wednesday next on District Cricket Ground:-Frank Watts, Charles Towle, John Tipping, Thomas Player, Albert Paul, John Hyslop, Fred. Lathlaen, Georee Glasscock, William Dukes, Henry Col leas, Walter Cattell. Emergencies, Edward Payne, John Walsh, W. H. Vine. The following will represent the Loyal Alexander Lodge J. G. Tedder, H. Thorndike. H. Cornel), W. Halls. R. Upton, S. Long, A. Gillespie. P. Fulton, ? J. W. Spilsbury, A. Reid. C. Fulton. Emergencies : J.Hill, W. Collins, J.Dent. Umpire, j R. Benaucl. The winning lodge will ploy the J Druids. RATHER STALE.-A fortnight ago a paragraph appeared in this paper relating to the death of Joseph Jenkins, an old coach driver. The para- graph was clipped and acknowledged by our Windsor contemporary, and was last week dished up in a St Marys contemporary. The editor forgot to acknowledge where he got it but will probably do so later on. FRUIT AT EMU.-At Emu Plains the summer fruit is well nigh gone, and the hurry and bustle at the station is all but over. The season has been in most cases a pretty busy one, and although the prices have not been very high, there have been seasons that returned less to the pockets of the fruitgrower. "KEATING'S POWDER " destroys BUGS, FLEAS. MOTHS, BEETLES, and all other insects, whilst .quite harmless to domestic animals. In exterm inating Beetles the success of this powder is extraordinary. It is perfectly clean in application, see the article you purchase is ''.KEATING'S," as immitations are noxious and ineffectual. Sold in tins, 6d.t Is., and 2s. 6d. each, by all chemiBts. AFTER A VOCATION of several weeks the Presby terian Fellowship Association assembled on Friday evening last. The attendance was large, about 'JO being present. A very enjoyable evening was passed by means of duets, recitations, and a few short addresses by the president and 6everal members and after the benediction the assembly closed. Being the first meeting of the year it is very evident the Association is making rapid strides. SOME GERMAN RADISH ,- Mr. Julius Nagell of Lambridge left with us a few days ago some Munchcn bier rettig grown from seed imported from Germany in his own garden. The article is used largely in Fatherland as an appcrtiser, and is' certainly a delicious vegetable when prepared in a similar way to cucumbers, no vinegar, however, being used. We have tried it, and the only fault we had to find is that wo had to clear off at once and lay out eighteen pence for a bottle of Donald Vallance's dark lager.. I ODDFELT'OWSHIP.-In our advertising columns will be found the balance sheet for the year 1893 of I Western Pioneer Lodge, No. 19, I.O.O.F. This is a step iu the right direction, and the Friendly Societies should follow suit with , the object of giving the public an opportunity of judging for themselves. This lodge,-considering tho trouble they had in the early days of their existence, has done well, and if they go on increasing as they have been doing of late both in members and funds, it should soon become one of the strongest in the district. LICENSES GRANTED.-At the Penrith Police Court on Tuesday, an application made by Ed. C. Haynes, of Penrith, for a licence for a waggonette to carry passengers was granted. A hawker's licence was also granted to John James Brown, - of Penrith. A slaughterman's license was applied for by Edward Davidson, Mt. Druitt, but as the applicant had no premises erected for the purpose, although he only wished to slaughter sheep, the Magistrates considered they could not grant 'a license which would not also include permission to slaughter all other kinds of stock, and they conse quently could not grant the application. Oh Friday a coach license was granted to, John Priddle, and an auctioneer's license to Ernest King Waldron. A BIT OP FUN.-A team of 'bullocks was pro ceeding over the Nepean bridge, and as the bridge happened to be a bit slippery with the recent rain, a couple of the animals fell down. Just' at this moment a train approached, and with the idea of keeping the upset bullocks quiet, two of the men jumped on them to keep them down. But as the train came across the bridge they became startled, and, jumping up pitched bothmen' head first against the side of the bridge, as if they had been feathers, and promptly proceeded to draw the waggon off the bridge. The men after rubbing their bruises decided they will try some other plan the next time the train comes along' and the bullocks are down. : v TOPEKA, in Kansas, has matrimonial agppcios that'are carried on like any other ordinHry'^usU ness. On each side of the door outside arc black boards, on which the good things, of the day are chalked up: "Widower wants "housekeeper; if suitable, will marry her.", '? Young-farmer, own ing quartcr-scction of land, wants a wife: good milker preferred." " Strong, healthy woman, with .two hundred dollars, wants a husband ; will go into the country." Those represent tho sober necessities of the occasion, as the wording indicates. Before the blackboards are two distinct crowds, elbowing and tiptoeing to sqe over one another's shoulders, men looking over the availablo wives, and women inspecting tho lists of offered husbands. In these groups no one but strangers seem to find anything remarkable or entertaining. SPORTING PROPHETS EXPOSED BY A PARSON. Rev. J. W. Horsely tells in the New Review how a desire to save some young friends from a blind faith in " our sportiDg zadkiels " led him to make a detailed comparison of their prophecies with the actual event. He took the selections of seven prophets for eleven races at Newmarket, and found that " in six out of eleven races all tho prophecies of all the prophets were wrong. In .three cases one prophet only was right, and in one case two were right." Out of nine days' prophecies in a half penny morning paper there was K total of 66 failures to 18 successes. Out of six days' prophecies in an evening paper thero were 12 successes to 33 failures. A purely sporting paper yielded a total of nine successes to 33 failures. Mr. Horsely adds page after page of similar statistics, and boldly gives the names and dates of the papers, races, and prophets ; so that the sceptical youth who distrusts the clergyman can verify the figures for himself. The Anti-Gambling Society would do well to get this article reprinted and scattered broadcast among young men. ' MORE WOOL FOR SXDNEY.^-On Tuesday morn ing last Penrith folk were again interested* by the sight of two more heavily laden waggons passing ! through the town. The drivers in this instance were a little more communicative, and in the course of conversation as they passed up the street, we learned that they came from Back Ward dry Station, about 50 miles below Condoblin,- Each pf the teams was drawn by eight horses, and carried about five tons. Thp price per ton is £7. After delivering their loads the teams will return with full loads of general merchandise for . storekeepers on the route. On Monday last several teams started from Mudgce, and these have full loads back again. These teams are coming quite a boon for'swagsmen, as generally with each waggon 'are one or two, who are allowed to place their swags on the vehicles. One jolly fellow remarked that the teams-would make plenty of work by and bye, because they would cut up tho roads, and tho Government would have to put on i more maintenance men I AN INTERESTING LETTER.-As is well-known, Mr. Eli Broad, of Station-street, Penrith, is well acquainted with the Spanish language, and having lived in the country many years he has many correspondents. Some of the attempts to write in English by the Spaniards are somewhat amusing to us, but they only show us what asses we must bo in a foreign language. The following letter, written by a little Spanish boy about 14, was received by the above gentleman at the beginning of the week :-" Mr. TCIi Broad-Dear friend,-At the I0tli day of the last month I sent you one letter, and at 20th day I sent you one paquet of news paper. I pray you read all, because they are very good, and these one also. By the news paper you well know that Spain is in guerra with the Moros, and the Moros killed to a Spain general and many soldiers. I wish you answer to my letter the most soon you can. Remember of my fathers and brothers for your father, mother, and sister and you, received of your friend. ANTONIO MARTINEZ (Son). I hope you forgive me the bad writteu of this letter. I know something of language English, but he has pass last time that I have not study." The last two clauses evidently mean that he passed his last examination without studying. TO-DAY'S CRICKET.-The following matches will be played to-day : On the Belmore Park wicket a badge-match will be played between Emu Rovers and Jamisontown ; on the Emu wicket a badge match will be played between Castlerengh and Emu; aud on the Agricultural Ground. Penrith, a match will be played oetween Penrith and Windsor, when 6d admission will be charged to gentlemen, while ladies will be free. A CURIOUS CHuncii NOTICE.-It happened sayB a London publication, in one of the big dailies, and the Church in-which it occurred is localised to this day. Upon one memorable occasion the clerk gave notice to the assembled worshippers to the following effect:-" There'll be nae service in this Church for m'appen a matter of fower woeks, as parson's hen is sitting in the pulpit." COLONIALS.-The New South Wales men are called " Cornstalks," because they nro .tall and slim, tho Victorians are know lis' Gumsuckcrs,' in allusion to the eucalyptus or gum-tree ; Queensland folk are ' Bananalanders,' for the banana grows plentifully ! there; and the South Australians arc dubbed ' Croweaters,' because so it is whispered, tho early colonists shot down crows, and fed on thcira. when no other food could be got. COOLGARDIE. -In our next issue we shall publish an extract from a private letter to a local gentleman giving personal experiences at this much talked of gold field. In the meantime we. may give timely warning to'parties intending to go to the field by saying that the criticism is decidedly adverse to the field. The field is doubtless good in some places, but when one ha3 to travel 350 miles through a dc3ertthcreisn0tmuchfunin.it. -,i ' T&B; BEST HKMEDY FOR INDIGESTION.-Norton's Camomile Pills are confidently recommended as a Simple Remedy for Indigestion, which is the cause of nearly all the diseases to which we are subject Norton Pills, with justice called tho V Nature's Strengthener of the Human Stomach," act as a powerfnl tonic and gentle aperient, are mild in their operation, and safe under any circumstances. Sold in bottles, at la lid., 2s 9d., lis., by all Medicine ( vendors, throughout the World, ACCIDENT TO A RAILWAY G CARD.-On Thursday night of Inst week a severe accident happoned to a railway guard, named. James Millcn, of Kingswood. It seems that he was in the brake van of a.tiain coming to Penrith, and coming down the hill near Heard's gates a sudden jolt of the train threw him out on to tho broken metal. Whnn found ho was unconscious and remained so for some, time, and although no bones were broken, he was considerably knocked about necesitating n couple of weeks rest, WALLACE POST OFFICE.-Mr. Lees.has kindly forwarded the/following communication .-Postal and Electric Telegraph Department, General Post Office, Sydney, January 8tb, 1894. ' Sir, adverting to my letter of the 28th October last, informing you that the mail service between Wallace and Werombi would be discontinued, I am now directed by the Postmaster General to inform you that it has been decided, on further consideration to maintain communication between those placcs until the iUst December next and the necessary arrangements' have accordingly been .made for the purpose.-I have the honor to be, etc., S. H. LAMBTON, Deputy !* Postmaster General. ! HOUSE RACE.-The mucli-talked-of horse race between T. Hobby's Whalebone and A. T. Easterbrook's Blink boy for a stake of £10, came off on Belmore Park course Inst Saturday, in the pre sence of about 200 persons. There was little interest taken in tho event, Whalebone being looked upon as a^suro thing. A grand start wns effected, Whale bone having slightly the worst of the deal. After aboat 200 yards had been traversed, Whale bone came up and the'two travelled neck and'neck as far as the turn intb' the straight, when "Milne, who rode Whalebone, let his horse out, andsuon led by a couple of lengths without any nppareat effort, and from there out had the race in his own hands , winning easily. Time, 55 sees.. ALDERMANIC ELECTION.-The Aldermanic elec tion which, is to come off on February, seems to be escciting no interest. The retiring Aldermen are: . iflderman Litton for South Word, Alderman Neale for North Ward, and Aldorman Vine for Castloruagh Ward;- Alderman' Litton says ho is " full up," and will not seek re-election. There will, pro-' bably be another vacancy. At the dinnor at the Aldermanic cricket match at St. Marys on Wednes day last His Worship, the Mayor of Penrith.(Alder man A. Judges) stated that lie probably' would retire from municipal affairs. The statement was received with loud negative cries, and ''en passant, we may say that if the resolution be carried out the Penrith Council will lose a worthy, and conscientious Alderman. writing;,fi'om Fernmonnt, o'n'Monday, saj^Au iriqucst was held to-day on .the bodies, of- the two men,-Argue and Rccs, who''Tvere-killed at Nana Creek on Friday last, by a dynamite explosion. From tho evidence'it appears that the men went to work at 6 in tho morning, and were about the mine. The explosion was heard, but it was thought it was only a blasting charge. An hour later a mate went a mate went to the workings and found Rees still alive, Argue being dead. The only explanation Rees could give was that they wero sharpening a drill near a box containing1121b of dynamite,- and a box of caps, which was kept within 5£t of the forge fire. The body of Argue was much mutilated, the clothing, except the waistband of the! trousers, being blown completely off. Rees died while being removed to the .camp. The . bodies were interred at Fernmount after midnight on Saturday. Rees leaves a widow and sbveu children j Argue a widow-but no children. THE "TOTE " SHOPS;.-The Minister for Justice, Mr. T. M. Slattery, has had under consideration th? question of "tote" shops in the city, and as the result of his inquiries he haB penned the fol lowing minute " I have no hesitation in stating that the way. in which totalisators are carried on in defiance of the police'and the law itself is a public scandal to the administration of justice. Every one nquainted with the city of Sydney knows tho 'tote' shops. They are visited openly both day at)d night by thousands of persons during the year, and the prosecutions have only been very few in comparison to the number who openly carry on this unlawful and in most cases most dishonest traffic. I do not wish to suggest to the stipendiary magistrates what course they should take in dealing with the evil, but it is quite clear to me that fines are almost useless, If the offenders were sent to gaol without the'option of a fine the 'tote'shops would soon disappear, and the persons, who in nine cases out of 10 are dishonest, would be compelled to earn their bread honestly. Many mechanics youths, and'even boys-are tpmpted to invest their honestly-oarned money in these ' tote' shops, in almost every case merely to be swindled. Nothing ' but gaol without the option of a fine can destroy j this dishonest traffic.-T. M.S. Januarys, 18i)i." DEAD AND DISQUALIFIED. - Although the New Electoral Act is not issued as a humorous publica tion, it contains an amount of weird witticism which might well turn some of the more preten tious comie prints of the day green with envy. For instance, one of its grim jocularities is when specifying the occupations of voters on the New Rolls to refer to some as getting a livelihood by being dead. Thus we find "John Smith, farmer," followed by "William Johnes, dead." Looking the lists it appears that tho latter is regarded as a very flourishing industry, the number of those engaged in it being in all constituencies consider able. Its permanency is beyond question, and in the matter of ease, it beats a lands office sinecure. The drawback, however, is that, like membership of the police force, it is treated as a political disqualification, of which fact the Act requires that all the dead men on the roll shall be officially informed. In accordance with this provision, notices are now being sent to everyone, intimating that unless they resign their corpseships their electors' rights will be forthwith cancelled. That is to say, they are called upon to come forward, and satisfy the Revision Court that they are not dead, failing which they will be ipso facto disfranchised. \- Outis in Daily Telegraph. , THK CRICKET TROPHIES.-In connection withe the above district trophies a meeting of the' Secretaries of the different electorate cricket^ clubs t was held at the Red Cow Hote evening last. The clubs at present Remaining in the* on Saturdays Sains, LTV.VSOI!,!' (iiu Rovers, and'2 contest are : N.D.C.C., "Emu Jamieson Town, Castlereagh, and E after drawing lots - the following heats were arranged, N.D.C.C. to play Lawson.'; Emu Plainta against Castlereagh ; Jamiesontown Bgainst Km if Rovers. . -f SUNSTROKE.-While bathing last Monday weeW at MuIgoa,'n boy, aged 15 years; Wntcofc. Way, wn [< sunstruck anil'terribly sunburnt.' For several day I lie was confined in bed at home, where he ramainet c unconscious for several days. On Saturday he wa . removed to the Cottage Hospital, where he has sine ,t been attended by Dr. Scott.. The back of tho laqtl was in a terrible condition from * the effects o£l exposure to ;thc sun, and the misfortune slioulcji' prove a warning to other lads not to go bathing itle the middle of the day. THE ROYAL VISIT.-To an interviewer sjieakin of tho invitation to the Duko and Duchess of Yorkft Sir George Dibbs said : " That business is settled fo" the present. 1 was never much in love with it, bu the, other colonies having joined I did not think i worth while to object. Had I done so there would have been a cry of want of loyalty. What thj colony wants at present is peacc and quietness, and rest from fads and faddists The visit which at nd _ time wns very probable, would have upset things,'j and put us to a lot of unnecessary expense." " FLOOJI.-At the beginning of tho present year ! Mr. H. C. Mathews of Acmo Roller Mills, Bathurst, remodellod his mill to the Hungarian Full Boiler, System and. tho new 'dust has been gaining-fresh^ friends daily, and is now to be found in overy bak« house of importance in the roetroplis the suburb: or aloni{ tho Western line. With those who liavi already tried it, tho opinion seems to bo that to usl the Acme Roller Flbur is to have a largd, ligl:1 (we do .not mean underweight) and snow-white loi Of course all others mill produce is. obtainable fipi tho mill, and Mr. Mathews -will be pleased answer all enquiries.*' ?I thj,' POWERFUL SERMON.-On Sunday evening latjt! special New Year's sermon was preached at. Presbyterian Church, by Rev. James McKee, liistextthc rev. gentleman chose Proverbs 1, 11 verse, "Enter not into the path oE the wicked Lnd& go not in the way oE tho evil men. Avoid it, fli: " not by it, turn from it and.pass away," from whj he preached a powerful sermon, warning the young!' to avoid the sunken rocks of gaatlbling, pursuiiji " 1 pleasure, drink, and irreligion, rocks which ofpe wrecked young people, in spite of the good reaoljre3'! made at the begiuniog of the year. . NEW ; STREETS.-On Monday night it decided at the Council mooting .that all streets' dedicated to the Council should bo'opeued during the;, succeeding few days. There arc a good many of theset throughout the to wa. A lane 20ft wide at the back ofisl the Church of'England, starting from High-strbetl and continuing to, Hornsoywoort between the'1. Church of England property and that of Mr. J. ;K.£, Cleeve. Another one is in Hornscy wood, being the 'continuation 'of Tindale-stre'et of OGft in width which is'now blocked, near the B.C. Church, and at the rear of Mr. J. K. Cleeve's property. This being ^continued. will , join .Castlereagh-street just I opposite to the Salvation Army Barracks when the late Mr. W. D. Matthew's property is sold. ELECTION OF OFFICERS, U.A.O.D.-Tho instal lation of officers in.connection with the Pride of the Forest Lodge, No. 201, U.A.O.D., took place on Tuesday evening last in the presence of a large number of members. Tho District President, Bro. J. Jones, P.A., assisted by P.A. Bro. Dunk ley, conducted the installation, .the following being the officers invested : Bro. R. Bronger, A.D.; Bro. W. Pritchard, V.A.D.; Bro. J, Barlow, Sec.; Bro. S. Payne, Ass. Sec.; Bro. Badcock,'Irons.; Bros. R. Mason and Kerz, A.D. Bards ; Bros. G. Revell r.nd Ande-son, V.A.D. Bards; Bro. W. Frngnr, I.G.; Bro. R. Metcalfe, O.Q.; Bros. Heron tind E. Orth, Auditors. Bro. Barrett, P.A.D.j P.A. Bro. Jodes, P.A. Bro. Dunkleyj P.A. Bro. James Ausbitn, Grand Lodge Representatives. j . | . "THE CORNSTALK."-We have just glanced through a neatly printed little book bearing the name of "The Cornstalk, his habits and habits," written under the nom de plume of " Whaki li kell," and published by Troedel, Cooper'and Co., Sydney. The author is bold enough after having spent a few days in the colony to write a book about us and publish it locally. Naturally he makes many mistakes, especially in political matters, but in some instances we are hit pretty smartly about weaknesses of which we are fully conscious. The author is, in parts, slightly humorous, and is possibly endeavouring to anticipate Max O'Rell's book on us, a book for which we are anxiously waiting. DIDN'T LIKE THE JOB.-Jones,,the.'Melbourne common hangman,' had, a ticklish job 'when Mrs. Knorr. was sentenced to death for infantieido. The fact that .lie bad to.6w'ing a^.woman off seems to have weighed very heavily on Jones' mind, and in conjunction with a train disease from which, he was suffering, eventually caused him to commit suicide by going into a bath and quietly hacking his throat. If h'o had followed Nosey Bob's! |ilan under such circumstances, he would have gonb'; and ! got drunk by way of diverting his thoughts,5 and then he would'have.; been locked up, arid on I.'the'! morning of the execution he would have received a few. whiskeys to put him in good condition; T^hen I Nosey carries these'directions put he always.does the job without a blunder, but /when he. does not, well so much the worse for the one to be swung ' THE EXPORT OF WINES.-From a circular | received from the Department of Agriculture it appears that enquiries are being made 'at the Imperial Institute as to whether really good j . Australian light wines can be procured, and for this purpose, Mr. Lett, Curator of the New South Wales section of the Imperial Institute suggests that wines of . a fair, age and maturity, which can be retailed at about 25s per dozen for fnmily use. As there is not'a single place in England where Australian wine can be obtained by the glass, this could bo done at the Institute for 4d a glass, which would breakdown the prejudices at present existing against our wines. There is also a demand feW more expensive wines such as Beaune" and Burgundy sold ordinarily at from 36a to.503 per dozen. The department have also procured . the services of several gentlemen to test the^quality of the wines exported. THE MATABELE "LOOT."-The Cape Tij reproduces the following letter from ono ofl chartered Company's troopers As you knoj am in the Border Police, who number about"' We are encampedfour miles from Victoria, and soon be on" the march. We get.no pay after ha crossed the border, but we fight under these < ditions : Supposing we come outwith a clear, c| man gets a 3000 morgan farm in Matableland claims, and Ave alluvial claims, with a share in loot. The loot is divided, half for the company the other half divided equally among the offi and men. After peace has been declired each ' has four months' to peg off his farit, and in 1 the company wants to buy the wlole at £3, morgen at your discretion. I mean,!t the cornp, want to buy a portion of your farm,,tnd you lit keep another portion, you can do so/' (j GLADSTONE NOW-A-DAYS.- Tho, Bulletin ? week contains the following :-Gla^tono was Si,, 29th Dec. Despite tho gush over hi " unimpoi vigour of . mind and body," the old man (5J.. Bulletin gets'this from a recent obfrvor) has agt a-great deal during the last yeatf He is grow much thinner- his form seems slfeiiken to h/l what it, was three years ago. Hi; voice, too, dulled and husky, and is heard will difficulty ordinary times. . Only fanatical acnirers refuse admit that his mental faculties ip failing fan, But (lacking the " co.mmonp'acc 'tvisdora of t truly sapient sculler, Beach) hejvill persist >. keeping the field until tho veryllast. £erlm C however, this is to his party's intfflsfc, for tli'er none to replace him. Gladstone la magnifies, tradition, but his day for deeds is jer. Now, if, cabled that he is ill, and that fchefcetors diagn tumour. » jnsumers OF WAX VESTAS must be careful to hat they get Bryant and May's'only, which ;he very best in quality and twenty per cent. : in quantity than the foreign-made wax is. Bryant and May'a plaid Wax Vestas are e only in LondoD. and have been awarded 19 5E MEDALS for excellence of quality. Every ?f Bryant May's Wax Vestas bears theimame, L white ribbon, inside the well-known red hand blue star trade mark. Ask for" Bryant May's Wax Vestas, and do not be deceived by ulterior a'reicle.* M LOWAY'S PILLS-Hale Constitution.-When in man frame has become debilitated from the ts of exposure, cxccsscs, or neglect, these Pills repair the mischicf. If they be taken accord to the lucid directions wrapped round each box oi ay's Pills exert the most exemplary tonie iti js in all cases of nervous depression, whereby vit al powers are weakened, and the circulation nd ered' languid and unsteady. They improve tip >etite, strengthen the digestion, regiilate the i nd net as gentle aperients. The Pills are id lo all ages arid habits. A patient writes : jur pills to bo valued require only to be known, ini linany yeara I sought a remedy in vain, was y lbfeeoming weaker, when your Pills soon 3reU(me." ; J ' HE TjiiEES ON TUB STBEETS.- Most of the trees tied along the streets are looking, remarkably I, and promise to be quite a feature t>f the town the f jiturc. But some of them need'iif 'little ntioif which could easily be bestowed by "the mailt In somo instances they havo reached l aaize that the posts around them might easily rumoVed. so that their further growth may not lindcfcd. Ou Horaseywood the electric wires retched with their weight, come in-contact [e which will result in the trees being killed, other places the enclosures surround a where formerly stood the trees, which have ed up the ghost. Consequently, as they ueh of an ornament to the footpaths, but obstruction that might be removed. [LECTION.-It is scarcely possible for any Bs through any part of the new .Electorate |ooke without noticing the large number of aDd posters announcing the several Is for next election. On every big tree I;' roads are dozens of these with big black rliTo the electors of Sherbrooke" setting |i ,ie principles of the candidates, 'osc they are against. Being a 'nstitueney, and nobody having any n - claims on it, that it seems, by * t!,er of candidates as if the election will be ,;c, and that there will be about 10 electors "andidate. A well-known resident says j. candidate who secures 250 votes will get BE BIGOTED.-There are few who ! that the Salvation Army does not dp good St reaches sections of society that would re been affected by the churches. In this |e local branch has done a great, deal, and jt go far to see the results of its work, lie Army shuts itself,up from all other ;s denominations, and seeks to arrogate to ' ft " wlom it has been the means of inducing a nAv life, and says that they shall attend r denominations, then it. departs from its al tdlichings, and it is likely to undo the ban accomplished. A good local case is I in Shis respect. A young man, who had ding a very fast life, indulging in drink, :c., cJnd after narrowly escaping losing his through his waywardness, was made ert ] by the Army. For fully 'six hcl was a prominent member of I corps, and considering he might also do mono good, he attended , the Church , of jl Bib'le Class, and occasionly taught classes ;unday School. Soon, however, objections ere raised by his officers, who stated that M either be a member .of the Army or a r of the Sunday School, but ho could not be Naturally the young follow rcsentqfJ this .euee in what he considered his own pi'vate. s,'and quickly made up his mind^to 'waviv. Tfe^Army-and not 0,t" ,n 'fclicious as he was. If the -Army is eon H ' itiniiiy trying to do good, more than it is try iV to ,t1cngtlieQ its numbers and increase its «' tOSC^'r. 1., " ,,r"nnr mntlind til K lieu this is scarcely a proper method to 