EVERYBODY'S COLUMN. It the soul is really immortal what great care should be taken of it. — Plato. A profane coachman, pointing to one of his horses, said to a traveller : — " That horse, Sir, knows when I swear at linn." "Yes," replied the traveller, " and so does his Maker." " llolf Boldrewood," the Australian novelist, who has just broken his pub licly- declared resolve never to write another story, is still in luck. His son, Mr Event rd Browne, is about to marry one of the richest of colonial heiresses, Miss Chirnside, the daughter of one of the pioneer squatters in the neighbourhood of Melbourne. By her marriage with the son of the author of " Robbery Under Arms," Miss Chirn side will forfeit a fortune of £70,000, bequeathed to her by her uncle on con dition of her marrying into the peerage. The wine production of France for 1893 was larger than that of any one of the last fourteen years, although less than that of some years previous to 1878, and much less than that of . 1875, the most prolific on record. The yield, nevertheless, was remarkably good, consisting of 1,101,535,910 gal lons, nearly SO per cent, in excess of that of 1892. The average price real ised was lid per gallon, which was 3 Id cheaper than in 1892, when the aver age price was Is 2.U1 per gallon. Pity the sorrows of a poor Bishop ! The Bishop of Manchester, in a pub lished letter, says, "I live as plainly as any working man, and believe that I work harder and more hours than nine out of ten working men, and yet I am compelled, by the expenses incident to my ollice, to spend a £1000 a year more than my official income." The Bishop may work more hours than most working men ; bnt he has the advan- tage ot variety or work, whilst that ot nine out of ten of the working men of his district is monotonous and depres sing. But why should the expenses in cident to a Bishop's official duties be a thousand a year over and above his official income 1 What is this but mak ing it necessary that a Bishop should lie a rich man or dependent on rela tives or subscriptions? And what is that but excluding many who may be pre-eminently suitable for the office. Bub, with all pressing encumbrances and anxieties of a Bishop's life, there is an inextinguishable desire to fill the Bishop's office. It is asserted that Madame Calve, the renowned opera singer, is accom panied on all her travels by a carefully watched and kept phonograph, and that she devotes two hours of each day to it, while on Sundays, as soon as the French mail arrives, Madame Calve shuts herself up in her room with her phonograph for the rest of the day. It appears that Madame Calve, is engaged to be married to Henri Cain, the French nainter. To a woman of lier temperament letters are not only a bore, but positively aggravating ; so when Calve left Paris, she and her lover vowed they would talk to each other two hours every day. So eacli day Madame Calve talks for two hours into the phonograph, and s--nds the cylinders of ex jmrte sweetness to Paris, while once a week she receives the kind spoken vows and protestations of affec tion from her lover in Paris. Leo XII'L, on dit, is tormented with a grave care — the increasing defi cit in the Pontifical finances. Until the present time it was h belle France who furnished two-thirds of St Peter's Pence, of which the total receipts are about seven millions of francs yearly, and these seven millions are the Ponti fical budget : but since His Holiness has taken the Republicans into his good graces, the Legitimists are sulky, have tightened their purse striugs, and St. Peter's Pence have diminished by half. The Pope cuts and snips at all ends of the Pontifical budget ; he has done away with a quantity of sinecures at the Vatican, and he is quite ready to gnaw a piece off certain canons' large emoluments. Ilie discontented ones of course accuse the Holy Father of be ing very avaricious. To a canon who complained the other day on this sub ject he said naively, ' Why do you not do as I do ? I live upon two francs a day ! ' And this is really the truth ; all the Pope's food does not cost more than half a scudo a day. llarely does he eat meat ; eggs, fruit, vegetables, a few biscuits and a glass of Bordeaux form his daily nourishment. A novel story of the late Sir Richard Owen is just going the rounds. A snake-charmer at Cairo, reckoning without his host, appeared before Sir Richard to go through a performance with a deadly cerastes — the horned asp. The reptile was placed on the ground. Owen looked at it a moment, then stepped forward and picked it up. Be fore the luckless performer could inter- nnse. the savant rilnckpd from its bonrl i s projecting horns, which, on closer inspection, proved to be fish bones. The fakir was somewhat disconcerted at the rapid unveiling of an actually harmless animal, and the entertain ment was withdrawn. Quite the most amusing reminis cence of Sir Richard Owen is the ghost story, in which, lie himself so much de lighted, and which it was never a weariness to repeat. In his younger days he had been a doctor at a prison, and whilst there professionally engaged, a controversy opened on the shape, strength, and peculiarities of negroes' skulls. The question greatly interested him, and at this opportune moment a nigger died in the prison. The post mortem was held, and Owen returned to his lodgings in the adjacent town. But, try as he would, that nigger's head would come into his thoughts. Life was not worth living unless he could dissect his skull. The case, so Owen told himself, was in a nutshell. The head was worth a good deal more to him than to the dead nigger. That settled the matter. ' He took a bag, two bricks, a screwdriver, and knives, went back to the prison, and let him self into the mortuary, unscrewed the coffiu, and removed his 'late patient's head. In its stead he, thoughtful, placed the two bricks, and left the goal with his treasure. Now, the weather happened to be frosty, and tlio incline being steep, Owen, before he knew much about it, found himself on his back. The bag yawned open, and the nigger's head getting up a fine momen tum rolled into a little shop. Owen sprang after it, seized it desperately, tossed it into the bag, and fled. The next morning a sad-faced woman was at the shop door looking out for him. As he approached she asked him if he was Dr Owen would he step inside. He did so, quaking with fear. "I want you, sir, to see my husband if you would. He has been a seafaring man, and lately he has ailed a great deal. He has very strange fancies." Owen walked into an inner room, the door of yyhich' commanded a vie\y of tlie shop. " It's very kind of you to come, sir," said the man. " I've heard that you're very clever, : and perhaps you can do ms some good. It's like this : I was a sailor, aud in my time I have been very handy with the marling spike. In fact, sir, I've been a cruel man. It lies hard on my conscience that once I killed- a nigger. I've had very queer sights and feelings lately, and, would you believe it, sir, last night that very man's head rolled into this shop, closely pursued by the devil, who seized on it, put it in a bag, and disappeared into the earth." 