XLECTRIC SPARRd. | [Correspondence intended for Insertion in Ihis column must have name and address of writer attached, birt not for publication.] About that Mayoi'a salary. Eh, Briuton. Election of Mayor Monday morning at 10 o'clock. Cr. J. C. Hill Mayor elect. How will the voting go ? Cr. Quinn had Ihe last word about the barbed wire. Mr. A. E. Quick decided not to ' throw up the ghost.' Constable Stephens proving himself an active officer. Elections orer. A 2feicman takes the vacant chair. Cr. Hill thinks that siormy meetings arc good sometimes. Mr. Fleming is a philosophical anarchist, whatever that is. The Town-ball will be devoted to chnrch purposes to-morrow. Good old Cockle, the Buffs' debater, all ; out on Monday night last. j Th' C. Y. M.S. once more to tbe breach next Friday evening. Sodality concert a vast success. Full re port held over till next issue. The dance of the season. The C V. M. Assembly at St. Joseph's next Friday even- : in g. ?» '? Cr. Qoinn on Tuesday night.ainidot roars .. of laughter, characterised ttefiay6rv'asJa1 ' ^r'JoBygod9'C3loiE?' ' '? ? ' . 'Cbaa. Feasfc was in tis'glory as first 1 clown, T-ut he had evidently left bis spectacles at home. Cheetham and Bartlett good men for the revenue. A few more such magistrates would soon wipe off the deficiency. Tbe allusion to ' The Origin of the Universe' caused a look akin to faar to spread over Mr. Pen ware's face. Miss Moore has Arranged a good pro gramme for the concert to be held at the Seamen's Institute on Tuesday evening next. ? What was that Constable Mason had in tiie candidates' cib on Thursday morning. Was he going to vote, or bad he been to vote. ' How to treat- the apparently drowned' l-y D. VV. is a bit good, but ' How to treat the apparently thirsty ' by Jack Ian lor is much better. ' Cr. Plummer saio he wool! Dot object to the present Mayor having another term of office for 12 months, so well had he carried out the duties. We understand that Cr. Gittus is to con- 1 test the ueat for South 'Melbourne at the next Parliamentary election, now held by Mr. Winter, M .L A. A correspondent in the Artjits soggests that a subscription list should be started to repair the Queen's Bridge. It's abont time something was done. Cr. Cascades said be was not in favour of reducing the charge lor post mortem ex amination*. bat would favour a charge of one guinea for ante-mortem examinations. Grand lantern entertainment at tbe Graham -street Wesley an School-room on Wednesday next. First-class views ; grave aid comic. Only one penny. Commence 7.43. Worth a visit. The kev. A. R- Edgar, who is well known ' in Port Melbourne, was called to tbe bar of the flonse for stigmatising 'some Members as profligates and liars, who sacrifice every thing to gain their own ends.' 'Cheetham. It is evident they are not going to let ns cheet'em anyway,' caid some yonng scamps as they heard a sentence of three months' imprisonment recorded against them on Wednesday morning. The .Mayor thonght be wonld have re quired a big umbrella, well fined, to rep?l decayed vegetables, ftc., at the women's meeting, bnt lie found it quite different. In fact it was really nice to be there. At tbe public meeting on Wednesday, Cr. Cascaden was asVed bj Mr. J . Close why the Council had refused the guarantee of a re spectable firm for tbe leasing of Donaldson's jetty. The only reply was that the Council had done what they could to have the jetty repaired. Mr. Brinton asked Mr. Prohasky on Wed nesday night whether he had audited the Mayor's account as to how he had spent bis hundred pounds. Tbe Mayor replied, and said that Ire kept no private auditor, but he could tell Mr. Brinton that he had had bis share of the spalls. Mr. Brinton collapsed. Hie Argue eays 'that Tinier an Income Tax the honest man would pay his due, the business fool would be bamboozled into pay ing more than his share, and the clever cheat would cvaie his liabilities.' Every body in Port Melbourne would have to pay, as we have none of the latter class down here. Speaking at a meeting held to advocate Woman's SuSinge, Mr. S. Manger said : ? Wherever women's franchise has been adopted, general improvement had followed, and if they were granted the franchise here, in 25 years poverty wonld be compiratively unknown, gaols wonld be empty, children wonld be well clad and fed, and lazy loafers would be rendered impossible. 