AMONGST CHUROH S. SEVENTH DAY ADVENTISTS MR. DANIELS SPEAKS WHO IS RIGHT! PARSONS' REPLY 1BY "WAlV DEREIL" I wENr to hear Mr Daniels lecture on "the Sabbath" and was rather impressed by the logical manner he handled his subject. So as to be concise Iwrote to Mr Daniels asking for asynopsis of his sermon or lecture on that pact having reference to the Seventh \- -y observance, and that gentleman has ,kindly promised to do so in. time for next \- issue of the Chronicle. In the meantime, I have asked for the opinions of the represen tatives of all the Williamstown Protestant churches, and have received the following. Fxost MR D.taiEtLS PRESIDENT ' OF TIIE SEVSENTII DAY. ADVENTISTS. 2, Paisley-street, South Yarra. .lMarch 8th, 1894. \- -Dear Sir,-This morning Mr Colcord, who preached. at the tent- last night, brought word to me that you would like to print a synopsis of my sermon-of Tuesday night. I regret very much that my engagements of the day have prevented me from writing out this synopsis. I thank you for thus opening the columns of your paper, and shall be glad to talk with you, and supply the matter for the next issue if that will do. S .: Yours very truly, A. G. DANIELS. Rsv. CRoss, (EPIscoPALI.s), HOLY TRs?Srr SCHURcIH. While regretting that pressure of; duties prevents his taking up the subject to answer in the original, forwards for perusal to , Wanderer" vol. viii, second series, of the Expositor. Dealing with "the Jewish , Sabbath and the Lord's day," on page 1344 reads,-" In marked contrast to the day 'so highly honored in the Old Covenant, we find tid theNew Testament special'honor paid to another day. - On the- days following the Jewish Sabbath Christ rose from the dead, and on the evening of the same day appeared to the assembled disciples. On the same day of the next week He appeared- to them againi; and on the same daysix weeks later' \- He founded the Church by pouring upon the assembled disciples the Holy Spirit........ and the distinction already given to the first day of the week makes us quite certain that i this was the Lord's Day." Thethird edition revised, of" What is the first day of the week, or the Lord's day," by Charles Stanley also provides conclusive information. REV. J. . M. JENKINS (PRES?TETRIAN)• .: Admitting with the Seventh Day Advent ist the universal and perpetual obligation of the fourth commandment, the question arises, does this obligation imply that Satur day is the perpetual and universal and only weekly Sabbath ! The Jews, we know after the giving of the Law observed Saturday as the weekly Sabbath; but as a matter of fact the fourth commandment does not require all men everywhere to keep that day, for lst. There is nothing in the fourth command ment about keeping Saturday as a holy day. What we are told to do is to work six days Sand rest the next. The people that begin work on Monday and rest on Sunday do that as surely as those who rest on Saturday. 2nd It cannot be proved that the original Sabbath was Saturday. There is strong evidence that the primitive Sabbath was the first day of the week. The nations all around the Jews devoted the first day of the week to Swhat was at first the chief symbol of. God and then the chief god, the sun, -calling it Sunday. This holy day was, strangely enough, one day after that of the Jews. There is no doubt that the first day, .Sab bath which Adam bequeathed to all nations \--not under that name however--was at the Exodus changed for the Jews only as a sign of their separation:and a protection against idolatry, to the preceding day-this change continuing until the ceremonial mission of the Jewish people had been completed. Then the Saviour buried in its own grave, the Jewish part of the Sabbath with its sacrifices and its order in the week, for the Jewish dispensation was to give place to one as broad as mankind, the original Sabbath of Adam, which was ,already regarded sacred in the Roman Empire and other nations to which they -were sent. 3rd. From this time, in the ministry of the Apostles and their immediate successors, the first day of the week was treated as the " chief of days." By-precept and example the Apostles taught the churches which they organised to meet .together on the first day of the week to cele \- brate the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, \- to engage in social worship, to hear preach ing, and to make their weekly collection for benevolence. " But we have no command in the New Testament for a first day Sab bath !'; I answer that Christ's acts are legislative acts, quite as authoritative as his sermons. Was it not by his resurrection, more than by any words, that He was de clared to be the iSon of God with power! To be consistent, Seventh Day Adventists should not believe in the Trinity, for it is nowhere proclaimed in the Bible in so many words that the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are three persons in one God. Neither should their christian women partake of the Lord's Supper for the original command, "Do this in remembrance of me" was given ' to men only. Neither should they observe the sacrament of the Supper in the daytime, but at midnight. What we know is that at the time when the last of the Apostles wrote the Book of Revelations, the first day of the week had come to be known by way of pre eminence as'" the Lord's day," which name was applied to it as one familar and well -known in the earliest extant documents of the church fathers,'even those writing within one hundred years after the death of the Apostle John. " Even eminent defenders of the Saturday admit that within a hundred years after the Apostles the Sabbath idea had been transferred to the Lord's day," as shown by one of the early Fathers, who says that "on the day of the Lord's Resurrection christians should defer their businesses, lest .they should give any place to the devil.' A great deal more can be said, but this is 'enough to show that the first day Sabbath is a fact as solid and eternal as the Lord's Resurrection, and we might as well try to deny the one as try to displace thie other. REV. HENRY Comics . Regrets that as he is working almost night and day he is unable to enter into the sub ject in point, but intends to preach two ser mons bearing upon the question viz., on next Sunday (to-morrow) evening upon "the Christian and the Law," and on the follow ing Sunday evening, 18th MIarch on "the .Christian and the Lord's Day." ".Rev. Clark, Presbyterian, a?d Rev. Pres ey; Wesleyan, decline to give their opinions. ':Re:v. Harrison has bot replied to my . riie~aest on it. Rev. Handel Jones is absent at Berwick .for a holiday. 