LITERACY NOTES. Hi (4 Cmakmk Oava* Iwrrr m Muted % tbe AtMaaam to im " out * oetr edition of i ouny Irdeutd, with itiamrtlkmt. He ii *?*« f/liunv a terHtof twatk fh hkdaozhter. >A v/hicb rcfirt speak* flight/," The essays d'/nlrllfTt* the ifcetdiei whkh Mm J/a fir l>n* fcoppli«I from lime to time to T'Ae Auxf.ra/oidou, ffiietmsf {ate hem irriting from Ketope ai "An Kiikd VicSoriam8 hit Gat-en's A vJ/Aj'Ojraf/hy in Two Ilcmi tphtrt* t« to be poblishtu la Nor ember. A ktobt b Sir Garaa Daffy in reported bj the H'&strniiiUtr; (Jazetie to have tern told by him daring one of hi* visits to the Terrace of Uieliooteof Common*. llemioneeRtaotd to the Victorian le-gulaiive Assembly bj a majority of one, there being ninety-nine votes lor him as against ninety-eight for Ida antagonist. Subsequently bis son met one of his support**/*, to whom be i ipniwfl gratitude, saying, "ho yon were one of my father'* ninety and ninef "No, sir." was the reply, "1 wn&lmoot; them." The worthy man had voted (em. A tew edition of National Life and Character: a Forecast, which Dr. Charles FL Pearson completed a few days before his death, has l«en published by Messrs. Mac millan and Co. The first edition appeared in January, 1833. Here is a short p«—p from the introduction:—"To the writer of these pages, what really seems most hopeful in the outlook for the fctme Js the prospect that violent upheaval* of society will be lea and less attempted as the state appears to be the best expression of the wishes ol the majority; and that aume failing-off inthe energy and acquisitiveness which are fostered by individualism will be com pensated by the growth of what we may call patriotism, as each man identifies himself more and more with the needs and aspira tions of his fellow-countrymen." l>r. Pear son's work, however, is less valuable as a forecast—forecasts of social movements, like forecasts of the weather, arc not to be der~ pended on when they look more than 24 hours ahead—than as a treasure-house of literary allusions. The author was an omnivorous reader, and his book is an outpouring of the multitudinous informa tion he assimilated, very sweeping)/ generalised upon. And conclusions are un likely to be true which are bared upon an im perfect knowledge of the forces operating on society, and producing evolutionary chances in peoples and among nations. Dr. Pearson might have written a very different book— one giving the gossipy results of his multi farious reading, for he has been no great observer of phenomena—had Mr. K aid's work, Social Ecolution. come into the world I first. Social evolution is the work which has : set the world thinking, and it recognises the [existence of the mighty religious instinct i which notices only to patronise as a cha i re uteris tic dying out. ! The death is annonnced at the ea|ly age of 34 of Mr. Cecil Roberts, younger brother of Mr. Morley Roberts, and anther of Adrift in America, as well as of a book of travel describing his experiences "roughingit" in Aastiaiia. Mr. Cecil Roberts's life (says the Athenaeum) was one of hard work and ad-' venture such as falls to the lot of few men, for, besides many years at sea, both before the mast and as on officer, he was gold and : tin mining in Queensland, pearl-tishing in ■ | the Lonisutrles, seal-fishing in Beliring's Sea, ! and exploring with Dr. Scbrader's expedition | np the Augusta River, New . Gaines. He^ wrote several short stories in collaboration , with his brother, and had in contemplation another book of travel and adventure. An exquisite sonnet, entitled "The Sove ! reign Poet," is contributed to the Spectator S l>y Mr. William Watson:— " lie site ebore the dang and dust of Time. With the world's secret trembling on bis lip. He asks not converse nor companionship In the cold starlight where thou canst nit climb. " The undelivered tidings in his breast Suffer him not to rest. He sees afar the inmietnorable throng, And binds the scattered ages with a song. " The dorious riddle of his rhythmic breath. His might, his spell, we know not what they he: We only feel, wbate'er he uttereth. This savours not of death. This hath a relish of eternity." Mb. Sala, in Things I Have Seen and People I Have Known, relate* how in his early days a speech which, like Viola's, had been exceedingly well conned, was spoilt by the practical joke-loving members of the Snblime Society ot Steaks (or Old Beefsteak Club). " The first toast was of a peculiar nature; and the chairman, whose seat was considerably elevated beyond those of the other guests, assumed at one Btage of the proceedings a short velvet robe adorned with ermine, which was stated to have been worn by Garrick in the character of Richard HI. As at the Old Bailey, it fell to my lot to return thanks for the visitors, and as it happened that no less than ten days had elapsed between my reception of the invitation and the occur rence of the dinner itself, I found, time to learn by heart what 1 secretly thought to be really a nest and effective little speech. There was good heed for. its possessing these qualities, since tuy host told me of the probable attendance at the club of two suoh giants of oratory as Hemy Brougham and John Campbell. Well; whenfche time arrived I rose to make .my speecb. but I had not reached the end of the firat seritence before my voice was drowned byttae unanimous aria uproarious' Hear, hears I' ol tbe members. I began the speech again, onlvto encounter a fresh burst of cheering, andat.Jast after perhaps half-a-dozen futile attemnts to myself heard, I abandoned the endeavour, and sat down q uite baffled gnd disoomfitem Then one of the members ^e*od proposed to the assemblage, which had beopmp quite quiet and attentive in listening, : that the long jind eloquent speech just made by their guest should be forthwith printed/at toe cost and charges of the Sublime SoQiety/forprivate circulation only,* " , . r ; j ^ "Mr first Book, By Robert Bonis Steven son," is the title of on interesting hiftoiy. of Treasure island, in the Idler foir August. But it was preceded by mahrhdlures":—" As soon as I was friend, to thetjia^ qsu&iir; Kim^sPoidon' <otii ^FSdward-Daven,' 1A< days, muoh'ln want^^wme Stevenson joined him, and madettie map of an island,, " It was elaborately, and (I j thought) beautifully coloured; the shapeof it., took my fancy beyond expression; it contained harbours that pleased me like sonnets, and with the unconsciousness of the predestined 1 ticketed my performance. 'Treasure Island.'" Out of that map grew the famous story. But it had ft chequered career. The first chapters of *' The Sea Cook " (for that; was the original title) were written in Scot land. Then who should come dropping in i but Dr. Japp, charged by Mr. Henderson to ! unearth new writers for Young Folk*. Hedis-! covered " The Sea Cook," and carried off the I unfinished M.S. in lijs portmanteau. But I before the story was finished, Mr. Stevenson's ! inspiration ran dry, and ne himself was ordered off to Davos. Mr. J. A. Symonds looked on the story askance. " He was at' that time very eager I should write on the character of Theophrastus ; so far out tuny be the judgments of the wisest men." However, Symonds's Davos air was more kind than Symonds: " Down I sat one morning to the unfinished tale ; and behold 1 it flowed from i tne like small talk ; and in a second tid? of delighted industry, and again at the rate of! a chapter a day, 1 finished"—" The Sea Cook;! or, Treasure Island." Mr. Henderson deleted j tiie first title, and as " Treasure Island " the story nppeared in Young Folks, where it at tracted not the least attention. In some reminiscences of John Richard Green, Mr. Huweis fells in'the Founi? "J/art j tor August how Green first unfolded his idea | of a work on English'history. "" Orte night," i Bays Mr. Ilaweis. " he said to me, ' I don't want to bore you, but I should like to read you a few pages of my Plautagenet book. It is Stephen's ride to York.. I wonder whether it is really worth much, or whether I shall ever write a book that will be read.' He then read me that brilliant fragment now incor porated with the ' Short History.' He did not at first mean to write anything but the story of the Piamagenets and the period in which he said the elements of our English people and our English constitution came together. He thought he could do this in about three volumes." But coming across Mr. Macinillan, the publisher, Mr. Green was persuaded to taken wider sweep, which re suited in the " Short History." " \\\re owe this." says Mr. Huweis, " entirely to Mncmil lau. Its cheapness we owe entirely lo Green himself. The publisher wanted a much more expensive book, but Green insisted upon keeping down the price, and the result justified his resolve. In a very short time {=0,000 copies were disposed of: it was a little annuity to him as long as he lived, and its saie lias been steady ever since." An anecdote relating to the use of mail in warfare as a defence against bullets is told in Jjlarkirood's Magazine for August, in an article on the.^" Last Fight in Armour," from Colonel Piiipp's forthcoming work, j " The Marshals of Napoleon." It reads) like a magnified edition of the incident of the tight with the Kelly gang of bushrangers in this country. The battl • took place in January, 1799, when n party of some 400 French held Aquiia, in the Abuzzo, Spain, a town defended by walls and having a small weak fort. The pensnnts broke into j tiie town on January 15, and though they were twice driven out by the French, they eventually, to the number of between 10,000 I and 12,000, drove the French into the fort, ] and made ready to bombard them with the j twelve irongunsonskiddingjwhich the French j had not had time to take witli them into the j fort, " Bculart, the olficer of artillery, ransacking his bruins tor the means of send-1 ing opt men to spike the guns on the glacis, under the fire of the insurgents from the neighbouring houses, suddenly remembered : he had seen in his magazines some suits of | plate anuour, ami lie proposed to try whether, protected by them, men could not sally out and work in security under] musketry fire. lie got together twelve com plete suits, and dressed out twelve gunm-is and grenadiers, thus selecting big men, be it j remarked. At a certain hour the garrison liued the covered way, and from thence and from the forts opened a steady lire of musketry and of urtilHery on the lines of the insurgents. Tlnn ont marched the twelve knights of the eighteenth century, much in David's state of mind when he complained he had not proved his armour. The men carried handspikes, hammers, and spikes. Moving naturally slowly ami awkwardly in tiieir heavy steel mail, still they succeeded in ! completing their work nnder a hail of bullets from the insurgents. Tiie scene is described, j as we can well believe, to have been most remarkable, and to have had something picturesque and also diabolical about it. As | the mailed figures moved in silence amongst | the guns, their handspikes looking like j maces, their silence and the slowness of their | action seemed unnatural under the steady hail of bullets. The insurgents were be lieved to have thought hell itself hud sent forth these extraordin ary antagonists, ghosts of a past age ; while the French on the ram parts, true to their nature, the first moment ] of anxiety over, bnrat into roars of laughter." In Ned Kelly's case, it will be remembered, he protected his head, hody, and arms with iron plating which a friendly blacksmith had hammered out of plough - shares. The bullets of the police flattened ngainst the metal, and as the grim figure -stalked stout invulnerable in the grey dawn it looked quite ghostly. Not until Sergeant Steele noticed that Kelly's legs were unprotected, and aimed low, was the outlaw brought to the ground. Sport is deified in every country and every age. In ancient Rome the popuh heroes were the gladiators. The three Gran of England were for a long time a trio celebrities. Until recently, the best know and most envied young men in the colonv were the Australian Eleven. The Speetato in an article on the national Btmrt of Spaii bull-fighting, says that the leading toreador probably tne most popular than in thi country. " Women throng the seats, tl Queen herself attends in the Plaza de Tori at Madrid, and it is women who lavii presents most profusely-On. the hero of tl ring. A successful performer descends in the arena blazing with jewels worn on tl neck, breast, arms, and fingers, the gifts i ma lady patronesses. The Pope has fa bidden priests to Attend the bull-fights—bi the order has been interpreted as an injun tion against appearing In clerical eoetum jSefore going, the voire doffs hla cassock mi hiR °le«0i*?. ^ Poire doffs his cassock ai be difficult tote of theorJi —,— months after (thee taken ?*•<*• In Mac the Plasa de Toms holds 18,860 people. I seate cost from fcwoahOHnsji to. two POUC Spanish workmen will live on bread I grapes or water-melon for weeks to ® enough money tor a front semi, and, If fate! swordfc piiarit^inthe&Mty; epo*> wilt fling his money, his tobwoo, wf knife into the ring at the feetw the suets ful champion. AJl Seville wont injo mot *»g recently te tbr death of a tuv toreador, and his funeral was a semi-public ceremony. A great nobleman Who will keep i the breed ol black bulls pure enough and savage enough to satisfy the audience gains morepopular applsuee than the owner of a! Derby winner in England ; and in a recent; j disastrous railway accident public opinion was strongly aroused against the railway • company, not on account of the loss of human life, but because the. nulls, which. were on their way to the approaching bull-fight were thrown upon the line, and besides injuring one or two passengers, which-did not matter, were in some cases injured themselves, whichj was felt to be a public calamity."' ! It is superstition or belief in luck which I inclines us to keepsakes. Some odd things] are carried for luck, as appears from an article1 in CwusdCg Saturday Journal;—" Deaden bullets taken, from the bodies of wounded persons have often been converted into scarf pins ; and one is, we believe, at the present day to be seen in the cravat of a London professional gentleman who was shot at by a burglar not so very long since. - In a case re ported some time ago the explanation was given ns to why a certain Continental trades man wore an ordinary bone domino on his watch-chain. Pressed by an agent to take a ticket in a certain slate lottery, and, after consenting, not being able to settle on a number to select, his eye chanced to fall on a tahie whereon were spread the dominoes with which his youngsters had been amusing thetn^Fives,-itis tlomde nine bdPS, turned full towards him. The numbers running in& thousands, be immediately declared for tl,093. w hich ticket ultimately winning a substantial prize, the delighted recipient of it adopted the lucky domino as a personal ornament, A despondent plaintiff, oh being told by counsel that the action he was bringing was apparently hopeless, was, on the morning of the trial, proceeding dejectedly in the direc tion of the Royal Courts of Justice, in the company of the writer, when, after a long period of silence, he suddenly uttered an ex clamation, and, darting into the roadway, snatched up something he had seen there. His spirits revived, his failing pluck returned. He went into court; faced unfearingly the questioning of the other side; and, unex pected evidence of the validity of his con- j trillions being luckily forthcoming, gained a i victory all along the line. And to this day, I under an old clock-case on his cottage mantel-1 piece, reposes the little lump of coal, picked up * for luck' that morning in the Strand." 