THE PROFESSIONAL PLAYER. It is always assumed that tbe professional player of a musical instrument is sooially superior to the skilled mechanic or artizan, though thero is no reason in the world why he should bo. An orchestral player may be a person of distinguished culturo and address ; bub ho may also bo illiterate, coarse, drunken, not scrupulously honest, and, in short, a person whom sensitive composers and conductors would nob employ it his moehanical dex terity could bo dispensed with. An organist may bo in every respect the superior of the rector, but no is just as likely to bo tho inferior of the keoper of tho villuge shop, who does not complain parti cularly abo.ut his statuB. Some of the more innocent of my readors may bo shocked ab this, and may demand of mo whether a mira whose occupation is to interpret Handel, Mozart, Beethoven, or even "Jackson in B flat," is nob likely to have a more elevated soul than a buyer and teller of pots and pans. I reply, not in tho east. You might as woll ask- whether a \tavvy, constantly employed on vast \ingineoring schemes, is not likely to bo Inore largo-minded than a watchmaker. Tako a man with a quiek ear and quick lingers; tench him l ow to play an instru- ment and to read staff-notation ; give him some bond practice ; and there you have your "professional," able to do whatWagner > could not have done for tho life of him, but no more necessarily a musician in tho wider eonso than a regimental marksman or broad sword instruotor is necessarily a general or a master of foreign policy. He need mako no more distinction between Beethoven and Brahms than a compositor does betwoen Shakespeare and Tennyson ; ovon when he has an exception ally lino senso of tiio difference between good and bad oxocution, ho may not have the ghost of ap idea of tho difference between good and bad music. , - Orchestral players good enough to find constant employment in the best European \- orchestras, and yot with tho manners, idoas, and conversation of ordinary private soldiers, are less common than formerly : (but thoy are still contemporary facts, and not atoll anomalous onos, excopt to muddle- headed pooplo who lmngino that every man who oan play n string of notes written down .. . by Mozart and Bach must havo tho hearb and mind of Mozart and Bach. 