Chaptee VII. —Eaising a Ghost. It is the month of roses. Glorious sunny Juno.' The gardens round Aboyne Court are radiant with perfume and the house, too, is filled with sweet fragrance, for Lady Gertrude worships beauty in all its forms and roses are her especial passion. Curious old china bowls from almost every known pottery manufacture, both in and out of Europe, stand about in unexpected nooks and corners and are filled everywhere with the queen of flowers. But in the library is the greatest profusion. It is Lady Gertrude's favorite room, as it was Sir Louis', perhaps for the reason that it is the sunniest in the house and from it French windows open on to a terrace, beyond which lies the lawn and a panorama of fertile scenery stretching far away for mile3. The library iB scarcely, however, the staid, bookwormy room it was before the old baronet died. With now heirship have come new ways a.nd Sir Clement professing himself to be absolutely indifferent as to what ohanges are made, Lady Gertrude has filled the room with her woman's knick-knacks, almost to the obliteration of the ponderous tomes which still hold their own on the bookshelves. It is in the library that Lady Gertrude receives her intimates for 5 o'clock tea, the drawing room being reserved for gala days, of which as yet there had been none. Sir Clement is averse to any large gathering, giving a3 an exouse the plea that it is too sooa as yet after his uncle's death for them to invite their friends, except quite quietly. In this no one can gainsay him, yet it is scarcely Clement Dunraven's real motive for objecting to society. The faot i3 he is a changed man since his marriage, is perpetually starting at shadows, and the intercourse with his fellows in which he used to delight now frightens him. He skulks abont the grounds for the most part alone and is the very shadow of the once genial Clement, m spite of his acoession to wealth and title and the fact of his being the possessor of the most charming little wife in all the country-3ide. Everyone notices the chance, even Lady Gertrude, so backward a3 a rule to think there is aught amiss with her Clement. They are standing together at the library windo w, lookingontover those broad aores which are all his now. Her hand is on his shoulder, her pretty eyes are looking up into his face. What ails you, Clem darling, I feel sure that you have some worry ? Why not con fide in your own Gerby ? You will never have a truer or more sympathetic friend than your wife." ! "There is nothing the matter, Ger by. IJ have told you a hundred times. What nuisance it is to ask these foolish question." She shook her head and pretended not to see I the irritability of manner by which these words j were accompanied. _ "You are deceiving me, you naughty dar ling. If nothing is worrying you why are not you cheery and laughing as you used to be 1" "Isuppose because I have responsibilities now which I had not then. One cannot always bo a boy, my child. A good deal depends on me now which I bad not to think of a few months ago. You forget that I am a staid Benedick." She turned from him with a pout. "That is just it. You are sorry you married me and ycu never cease regretting it." What could he say? How answer this un expected outburst. Was it not the truth ? His answer somewhat astonished her, it seemed to come so really from his heart. "Gerty, never, never Eay that again. Unless you wish to make me too horribly unhappy never upbraid me by saying I regret the day I married you." And yet, did he nob regret it more and more, each hour he lived ? Ay, regretted it the more inteusely because he was learning to love after a fastiion this dainty, bewitching little Ger trude, who loved him so well. j The was not the passionate desire of his heart, as had been Lisbeth, nor could ho ever feel thai ardent longing for any other woman; still, he loved sweet Gertrude. And by the strange anomalous crookedness of his nature it was Lisbeth Dob Gertrude whom he had of late begun to regard as the intruder. If the truth ever came out he would lose | Gertrude—there lay his fear. He could trust Lisbeth, ay, to the death ; I then why need he quake? Yet it would be better if sbe were dead—she and her child, f whose existence was such a reproach and re morse to him. Could he be a really happy | man until bhey were bobh laid in their graves. Each day he was more and more impressed with the feeling that release from suffering would only come with their deaths and yet there seemed no chance of either of them dying. They were both well and strong. He must bear his burden as lightly as he could and make lifo as happy as possible for the dear confiding little wife who had trusted him so completely that she had asked no questions about hi3 past. It was therefore a terrible shock to him to discover thab she fancied he regretted his marriage. He did not regret it; was not Lady Ger trude the woman in the right place far more fitted to be chatelaine of Aboyne Court than the lowly Lisbeth? He could be perfectly happy and contented, with his lot if fear and remorse, those twin demonesses, would not ob trude themselves so freely and render his life one long agony. And if Gertrude's voice were to be mingled upbraidingly with these ceasiess reminders life would become utterly unbearable. Hence the sharp cry he uttered in answer to her suspicions. She knew at once that she had wounded him and tears of sorrow and repentance, came into the ayes that gazed into his. "My Clem, my beloved," she said, " forgive me. It was mere foolishness that made me speak so. You have spoilb me until I have grown reckless of speech and taunted you with what I know does not exist. Forgive me—you will?" Her arms were about bis neck and his head drawn down to ber level, so that she could im print a loving kiss on bis lips when the door opened and the burly butler announced— " Mr. Pierce Vaughan." .Always, as usual, on the wrong scot at the j wrong moment, Pierce Vaughan walked in with the stereotyped Mephistophelean smile j which usually irradiated his sinister counte nance. The husband and wife sprang asunder, both thoroughly annoyed. To be caught spooning by Pierce Vaughan was another drop added to Clement's cup of bitters, while Lady Gertrude, who owing to his assumed air of superiority was always a: little bit afraid of Pierce, writhed under the conviction that he was laughing at her for being a little fool. So he was, but for a very different reason to any little Lady Gertrude would ever have guessed. He did nob appear to have noticed anything unusual on his entrance and held out his hand to the present owners of Aboyne Court with much apparent corqgjlity. ■ " We have not seen you :'for some time, Pierce," said Sic Clement a little drearily. " Where are you staying ?" "At Lady Marcia Eoljatabe's. She is the! only individual about here who ever invites me now Sir Louis is dead." "What a reproach," oried Lady Gertrude, '1 unmerited too, for we have been away so much and are scarcely settled here even now. Of course, you know you as welcome now aa you were in Sir Louis' time. Are you not Clement's cousin ?" She looked round at ber husband expecting I him to endorse this almost gushing welcome, but she was disappointed by the very cool j manner in which he said— 1 "Very glad to see you, Pierce." He would not have said it at all if he had not been absolutely compelled and no one knew this better than Pierce, although he smiled and showed his white teeth and to .all outward appearance accepted in all good faith the very general invitation thab had been given him. Eor a few minutes they all three talked cor-1 dially enough on topics of interest in connec tion with their neigobors. Then, Lady Ger-1 j truda having rung for tea, Sir Clement ro3el when it came in and said, nob being a tea | drinker he would leave Pierce to her tender ! mercies as he wished to give his bailiff some j [ orders before the men left off work. Had Sir Clement Dunraven been a man who thought seriously before he acted be would pro bably not have been weighted by the heavy load of trouble which now oppressed him and very certainly it was nob the least foolish thing he ever did when he left Pierce Vaughan alone with Lady Gertrude, nob that Pierce had any idea of making love to her, although he had professed himself to be one of her suitors before her marriage. He wa3 far too careful a man bo commit bimssif by a flirtation with another man's wife, but there are other ways of ruining conjugal peace besides lovemu.king.. He had had a long walk and was rather tired, he remarked, and the lady having nothing to do bub amuse and be amused they settled themselves down for a good chat about everything and everybody. What Pierce Vaughan said he would pro bably never have said if bhe opportunity bad not been as it were made for him. He cer tainly had had no intention of doing more than whab he called "look up his relations" when he started for a visit to Aboyne Court. Clement Dunraven had given him one lead j by going indiscreetly away; Lady Gertrude J gave him a Becond by an unwary question. "Do you not think Clement is very changed I and looks as if he had some terrible worry ?" I Bhe asked as she handed liim his second cup ] of tea. "I have seen very little of him since his marriage," replied Mr. Vaughan, "bub I cannot help recognising the tact that he is chanced." " He says it is the responsibility of being a landlord that weighs upon him." " Oh! I should not have given Clement | oredib for haviug scrunles." "What do you mean? All conscientious I people must have scruples at times." "And you consider Clement to be very con scientious—conscience is not aa a rule a highly developed masculine quality." "Oh, Mr. Vaughan! How can you talkl He laughed oynicallv. "Believe me, Lady Gertrude, we are all sad dogs, and'I don't fancy Clem is any better than the rest of ue. At any rate he never used to be. Whab reformations you have brought about of course I am no judge of, but for the present I am not inclined to believe in them." Lady Gertrude looked very serious and for a moment or two did not speak, then she said— "I wonder what you mean, audi wonder now what Clement meant when he told me on the evening when he asked me to be hiB wife that he was nob a man I ought to trust, and thab if I did so it was at my own risk ?" " Clement told you this?" And Pierce Vaughan Beemed exceedingly surprised and momentarily startled out of his sang froid he unconsciously drew his chair a few paces nearer his hostess. " He did. But why does it astonish you so much ?" " I did not think—Well, to tell the truth, I did not think he would have dared." . "Nob dare to tell me. You forget he was asking me to be his wife." "There are some episodes in a man's life, dear Lady Gertrude, that a wife is the very last person to be told of. I, for instance, should never have made any reference to' Clement's pasb if ho had not done so himself." | "You know then, know thab there is some thing worrying Clement and about which he will nob be explicit." " I can imagine that it may be so." " And you will tell me what it is, so that I may use all the means in my power to remove this aaaoyanoe.". I "You?" * "Do not) say you in that tone, Mr. Vaughan. Is it bo very strange that i should wish to make my husband happy 2" . "Impossible. It is quite impossible for you to do anything in this matter. Besides, unless Clement Cells you the whole trubh'himself I will certainly not do so. I could not betray confidence." " I will a3k him the first time I have an opportunity," she said naively, as though she fully expected that to ask was to receive the information she wanted. Pierce Vaughan smiled and wondered what sort of an explanation her enquiries would call forth. Very certaiuly he himself could not have given a full one, since he knew no more of Clement's affairs than that to which some suspicions pointed. It was therefore not only wise" but imperative that he should, deal in inu9ndoes. 'There was a letter once," went on Lady Gertrude, murmuring almost to herself. " I would not read it; it came the day before our marriage." " A letter 1" And in spite of himself a blush spread over his usually pallid face. She did not notice, however. She was too much engrossed by the subject that was so near to her. "Yes, it was signed by a woman—I forget the name—and was accompanied by one from an anonymous well-wisher. I gave them to Clement and he burnt them both. You see I could not in honor accept any anonymous communication. Fancy setting such a low cowardly warning in the dark against Clement's truth. " And he explained the matter ?" " Of course. He said all men had had their youbhful escapades—that he was no better or worse than others. Just what you say your self, Mr. Vaughan, that it does not do for a wife to pry too closely. I am sure I am not curious and if Clement did not look so un happy and worried' I should not ask a single question about his past. I do wish you would help me to put everything quite right for him." \ " I would do a greab deal for you, Lady Gertrude, but in this matter I do not see how I can help you. You are evidently not aware that Clement, although he is my first cousin, entertains no friendly feeling towards me. Why, I cannot say, since we have been more or less brought up together, unless from the fact that I know more about his affairs than quite pleases him." "I am sure Clement would never dislike you for this if you are good and kind to him," cried Lady Gertrude warmly. ^ Pierce Vaughan shrugged his shoulders. "There is perhaps another reason," he said, "why Clement does not especially affeot me. You know the old lines— Forgiveness to the injured does belong, But chose ne'er pardon who have done the wrong." " And how doss that apply to Clement 2" "If Clem .had not undermined my position with my uncle I should not be the pauper I am to-day." " Oh, Mr. Vaughan, how unjust; Clement is incapable of doing suoh a thing. I have heard him several times express his regret that you had not a larger sum of money left you and that he should like to make it up." "Mere words, dear Ladv Gertrude. It is very likely that he would give money up to me when he married you in order to get this place and the fortune. Sir Louis insisted on the marriage, if he had refused he would have been disinherited." Lady Gertrude became crimson, then deadly pale, so much so that Pierce got frightened and thought he had gone too far and hastily began eating his words. "I don't say he did nob care for you, dear Lady Gertrude, what man could do other wise " "Enough, Mr. Vaughan," cried Lady Ger trude, drawing herself up with dignity, "we have already talked too much about Clement and his affairs." This wound to her self-pride reminded her keenly of her wifely duty. He forthwith accepted the dismissal of the subject. He knew as well as she did that enough had been said to leave a far deeper wound than Lady Gertrude had any idea of; only one thing more he must do, he musb take oare of himself. ■■ He rose to take hia leav9, as she gave him her hand he bent over it— " I will never say another word about these matters," he said "unless you begin the con versation and I do hope you will make me one promise." "What is it?" "Never to tell Clement of our talk to-day. Do not sow further dissension between us by giving him cause to dislike me. I Bpoke in confidence, which I already regret, since I am striving my utmost to forgive Clement any injury ne may have'done me and I do so wish that we may all be good friends—you will promise." " I promise, Mr. Vaughan. I would nob make any mischief between you and Clement for all the world." "."He kissed the little hand he still held and without further observation went away to stroll back across the fields to Lady Maroia Eoljambe'a. ' For a long half hour after he left her Lady Gertrude sab very still and looked as white and scared as if she had seen a ghost. And so, indeed, she had—a ghost that would stalk by her side, nor leave her during the rest of her pilgrimage. Can there be a drearier or more cheerless companion of our way than suspicion of one we love. One, too, that sticketh close, for neither by night nor day does the treacherous fear ever desert us. When Pierce Vaughan introduced this ever stalking fiend into Lady Gertrude's until now happy confiding life was he not committing a moral murder that should be subject a3 an actual one to the utmost rigor of the law? Nor was he any the happier for his base inuendo.es, to judge from his face and look as he sauntered slowly across the fields. He had sown the seed of dissension that might bring Clement Dunraven's ruin, yet he scaroely felt the Satanic triumph he expected. It was rather a nauseous feeling of dread lest he himself should be caught in his own neb that pursued him and made him almosb regret that he had been beguiled into this talk with Lady Gertrude. Then he roused himself with a strong effort and tried to rid himself of the oppressive fears, for was he not playing for a high stake?' Sir Louis Dunraven's will was a strange one. No one knew its power and value better than Pierce Vaughan, rich as he was in lawyer-like acumen. The contents of the will had besn, by Clement's dc-sire, kepb concealed from Lady Gertrude, or she would have known what Bhe had learnt as news to-day, that Clement would have forfeited Aboyne Court and its concomi tant fortune if he had not married the only daughter of the Earl of Melbury. The marriage had taken place and the dis posal of the old baronet's fortune had been arranged—Sir Mile3 Berkeley being executor —with the family lawyer; what need was there then for Pierce Vaughan to meddle? Sir Louis had been clever enough not to make Pierce an executor, since he foresaw that there might be trouble between the cousins. He had merely left him £5,000 as a legacy, whioh Pierce regarded as a mere pittance; and made no further mention of his name. Like many another clever man Sir Louis had considerably overshot his mark in this will. All his wisdom seemed to have gone forth in making honest Sir Miles Berkeley his executor, he did nob Beem to realise that, as oircum sbances alter cases, the positions of the two cousins would change and that bad blood, unless they were absolutely saints, must be the outcome of this testamentary document. There was yet another clause in the will more perplexing and calculated to produce greater difficulties than that of the enforced marriage, it was to the effect that, should Clement Dunraven at any time become divorced from Lady Gertrude by any fault of his own, the estates were to pass away from him to his Bon and heir if he had one, if not to Pierce Vanghan as the next of kin. Sir Louis Dunraven, with all his shrewdness, had Boarcely taken the measure of his pet nephew, his sister's son, or be would scarcely have left such an instrument in the hands of a man as sordid and cunning as was Pierce I Vaughan. I Base and degensrate as had been Clement Dunraven's act he was by nature not nearly so wicked a man as his cousin. Clement's vices were the result of weakness, he could nob resist temptation, whereas the other had a special facility for conducting -intrigue and given a sufficient time for development would probably j nob stop at crime. Up to the present moment, however,! Clement had outwitted bis olearerffieaded cousin, for he was. far from discovering the secret of what was really darkening the life of the present owner of Aboyne Court. About half a mile from the house the two men passed each other, only a hedge between them, but neither wished to speak. Pierce felt keenly alive to the mischief he had done his cousin during the last half hour and Clement never cared to look Vaughan in the face. He was always afraid of how much he knew and to a certain extent gave him credit for guarding a silence which he most assuredly would not have maintained for ten minutes. Whether ho felt as sure about this silence when he reached home and found Lady Gertrude looking pale and somewhat red about her pretty eyes is doubtful. But he could not learn the cause of her de pression. She would not give her new suspicion words. It was as y et too young to be altogether a tangible form; she musb wait and ] watch. I Meantime she was tender and loving to her Clement. She would nob be prejudiced against him Bimplv on Pierce Vaughan's testimony, for, womanlike, though when absent she had almost believed him false, ho sooner did she Idok into his face than her heart went forth to him and seemed to tell her that he was true. Still from that hour henceforth their relations musb be somewhat strained and however muoh tenderness for each other might at times bubble up into their hearts yet the ghoab would never belaid, j On the table in the library, near where Lady Gertrude sat, some letters had been placed by the footman when he removed the tea. They were all addressed to Sir Clement, and one of them was in the handwriting of Lisbeth Glen dinning. At first Sir Clement guiltily thought that this letter might have occasioned, his wife's trouble, that she had recognised Beta's writing. He tore it open, angry with Lisbeth for sending to him thus openly, but having read the missive his brow cleared and he tossed it to Lady Gertrude. (To be continued. J . 