S HO RT ST O RY. HER WEDDING-EVE. EU wedding-eve I' Yes, to . morrow would for ever end ' the old lite; but j how glorious ap pe&rod; the exist- ! euoe uponwhioh ebe was about to enterl had everything to be gratelul (or,nothing to com plain of. She had no mother; but never having known a mother'! care, her father's devotion made op (or the loan. She. glanoed around at the contusion of beautiful and costly things filling the room-her bridal trousseau. " Barely I am & (avoorite of fortune," she murmured. And it seemed eo as she stood there in hei evening drees of delicate, gleaming silk young, lovely, and radiant with happiness. Ah, yoi, Alioe Desmond bad been a petted darling of fortune sinoe babyhood, in dulged in every whim, gratifisd ill every desire. To-night the very height of bliss had been reached-yonth, beauty, riobcs, and love. What more could ehe ask? " No more I-no more I" she eaid, aloud, ?tattling Sarab, the maid, who wm busily paoking away the dainty ^ardreb* into travelling trunks. "What do you say, Miss Alice f" And Alioe smiled and said: *' Am I pretty enough to-night, Sirati 7" .' Laws, Miss Alioe, you always look pteity in pink I I expeot Mr. Phil will think so " With a sly twinkle in her bright eyes. Alice blushed, looking lovelier tban ever With that divine glow in her young Iimjo. < The old houae was full of guests bidden to the marriage, and a subdued flutter ot joy ful excitement filled it from drawing-room to kitchen. The first dinner-bell rang, and the j girl quitted the privacy of hor room to watob j lor her lover's coming; bnt he bad already arrived, stood at the foot of the stairs wait- | ing for her, tall and handsome, his eager j blue eyes aflame with love's impatience, his I arm outBtretched towards her. I The hall was deserted, but had ir to?en ! crowded with watobcre Phil Kiogsly would not have heeded them with that lovely visipn before him. ! He mounted a step to meet her; he flung bis aims around ber, drew her head to his breast, kissing her with fond pawion. "Ob, Pail I" ebe murmured, blushing deeply, but yielding to his arms. " My darling I thank Huaven I am with you onoe more I" be cried, fervently. " I have been all impatience ov«r since leaving London." Why, have yon also sometimes bad vague (ears lest something should happen?" ebe asked, drawing back, a shade of gravity com. ing over the radianoe of her faoe. " Only the groundless fears incidental to this uncertain Ufa of ours, dearest. Tour presence has put tfiem all to flight." .' But what if something Unforaeen, un dreamed of, should part us yet?" " Nothing hut death oan part us now, beloved. To-mcnow is our wedding-day. There is no room in my heart for doubt or (ear to-night, sweetheart. Come into the drawing-r.'jm; it is deserted, and we may have a few precious moments to oorselveB." And with his hand on hers, his happy, passionate eyes seeking her face, she, too, care herself op to the blissful present. Dinner was over, and Mr. Desmond and Kingslywere in the library, holding a little private conversation. Alioe had just left them to join her (riends in the drawing room ; but (eeling that silence rather than speech fitted her present mood, she made op a card-party, persuaded some lady to sing, and leaving a comfortable group aronnd the blazing fire, ehe stole to the south window, flung up the aasb, and leaned out into the crisp September nigbt. How brilliantly the stars sparkled and glowed in the fieckleas sky, and what a sweet, subtle soent floated up from the old garden, whose late-blooming rosea still held sway. " Hist 1 Miss Desmond 1 MisB Desmond I Shall an old woman tell your fortune?" came in a low, sibilant whisper; and a gaunt, fierce-eyed, ragged old creature xoee up from a crouobintr position under the window. / " ? . The girl started back, a-faint cry on her lips, "Who are you!" sbe inquired, quickly re covering herself, and speaking somewhat im periously. . " Only a poor, forsaken old vagabond; but I oan tell you something, miss, that will drive all that bloom from your faoe, that light from your eyes." Her strange, burning glance swept over the l&inty; evening-dress, the soft laoe and glim mering jewels. Her brown, wrinkled (ace worked convulsively. A .bitter execration fell from her withered fipB. Envy, rage, hate, fed the lurid fire o( ber sunken eyes. Alios D«amond bad brave blood in her veins. She did not (eel afraid, bat she was fascinated. What revelation could this poor creature make to harm or frighten herf Pity stirred her heart. She could be generous to the poorest of God's oreatures to- night. " I do not caro to have my fortuoe told, but here is eorae money. Take it and go away. My father would be displeased were be to find you here," ebe eaiL gently, hold ing out her elim, white hand, with two silver pieces in its open palm. But the strange old woman drew b&sk; vjilh . low, soornfal laugb. "Displeased! Ha, hal I shouldn't «onder. Ton are very kind. Ah,yes;itis rasy for you to play the Lady Bountiful, but |i would starve-yes, starve and rot- before I would touch Desmond money. I have come to tell you somotbing." AUin Qrew eerious, impressed, in spits o! herself. "What is it f" .'A eeorot, and one that yon ought to know. This is your wedding-eve ?" "Yet." "A fitting time," she muttered, with ? fiendish ohuckle. " Come out into the gar den." Alice glanccd back into the room. Tbo fire burned with a ruddy glow; the occupants of the low chairs around it were laughing and talking, and at the piano the musically in dined were trying a new song. No ons had heard a word ot that conversa tion at the window. Sbe tnrned again to the night and to that evil-eyed old woman, who stood watching ber like a grim fate. She said briefly; "I will come." She stepped quickly from the room, took a mantle from the ball-lobby, flung it over her bond, and went ont into the darkness of the outor world. Her delioate silk brushed the dew from the grass on the garden-walk, and once a rose tboro oaugbtthe laoe of her stare; but ou .he weut until me same laoe to (ace with her Strange visitor. For a moment they stood there in tbs midst of the old garden; the girl, youug, fair, and daintily clothed; tbo old woman, bent and haggard, her poor rags fluttering in the crisp, frosty breeze, silent-tbs one expect ant, tne other wickedly exultant. Alice spoke first. I " You must be brief, My gpests will tnlis me." .'Let thorn, fools that they are. I bats tbcm all. But I will not detain you very locjj. Whore is your motbjert-tell me," sho said, abruptly, leaning forward and plucking at her rlceve. 7 Alice reooilcd from her toubb with a abut* d«r of MpulifwO* A " t'cad; ulio died at my blrtn sotlly and &"Died, did ehe I Ha, he 1/ Yes, she died "H ytur birth, a clow death JSut a saw one died to the wwrtd. to Ibe pltaturee ol life, to trer/thlngi fcn» ttisy ffot pat B»' io » emt,4 "How d&re; you ppcak co Ial»elyl" pried the Ctrl, ber taoe blanching, & lionid chill freezing the warm tu-.ng blood in her veins. "'Tistrue. I know it i I owoar it I Go ask your father. Oh, yes, he has deceived ' you all thesn years (or (u&r; the shadow might I darken your life; but the curse in on you yon are doomed. Madness lurks in your blood, works in your brain. Ob, you are young, and rich, and beautiful, but the poorest beggar in the land need not envy yon. Marry, and soouer or later you will find your home behind the bolts sod bars of j a madhouse." I Alioe listened in epetoWoBB horror. She no longer doubted the old woman's words, but what a crushed and deadly feeling op pressed her I Could it be only a hideous dreamt Would aha waits presently in her own pretty room, surrounded bv the oostly j confusion of her bridal trousseau ? Ah, DO, no, it was no dream, but a oruel ! reality I Bather had all that happy past | been a dream-a brilliant but swiftly-Zadiu^ dream. How tar away it seemed from her now, and what a black gulf of anguUh and derpsir lay before her. " lleavon have mercy upon me," she whis pered, faoarselv, feeling she bad no other refuge now. The old woman clutched her | round, tender wrist in a cruel grasp, i " Do you want to know why I toll you tbia carefully-guarded secret f It is my vengeance. Long yeare ago I had a daughter, young and ' lair aB you. Her lover vtaB your fatber'a i butler, and on their wedding d&7 they bunted bim down, and Mr. Desmond, tb« rich mer chant, had him dragged away to prison because be had stolen a paltry sum of money from him. Heaven 1 she died in my arms, tor she was but a delicate creasure, and I I vowod she ehnold be avenged. Blow for blow, life for life, is my motto. Go back to you gueets, to your lover, and your wedding finery, but remember! " And with that laBt word ringing through the air, ube vanished. ! "Can I ever forget?" moaned the g'rl, , stumbling up the path like a creature bund with anguish. "Oil, father, why did you spare me? Oh, tnotner, whcie are you to night?" Stio felt choking, and pulled the lace ruth lessly away from V.pi white t&roat.; What a fate, to lie raised to the height ot human bliss, only to be dashed down into a bottciDilose pit ot despair. All the time one thought kept beating through her brain: " It is my wedding-eve." A burst of gay laugbter floated out from > the drawing room as she stumbled wearily up j the 9teps. It made her shudder, and yet an { hour ego, even less than an hour ago, she ' had jointil iu the mirth, the happiest of them I all. 1 She Ftole through the hall until she came to the library door. Tbere she stopped (or a a moment, pale Bnd wan as eome wandering I spirit of sorrow. { Her father sat in his easy .chair, smoking; 4 while talking to him her lover stood lean | ing against the mantle. How nobis He ' looked-liow brave and handsome I I If he had only raised his eyes and looked { on that blanched taoe, those sad eyes I Hut, anoonsoious of ber nearness, unconscious of tho power working against the fruition ot his bappinees, be stood tliero talking and think ing of to-morrow. Alice stretched out ber hands, and ber lips | moved in a whispered farewell; then slowly she moved on up the stairs to ber own room. On the threshold she met ber maid. " Good heavens I Miss Alioe, what is the matter?" alie cried, starting back from her young mistress's changed appearance in affright. "Hush I 1 am only tired. Do sot let me Oe disturbed to-night. I intend to retire at once." " But," "Please go, Sarah; I do not need you." And she closed and looked the door against even her faithful servant's instruction. The room had been put in perfect order, the trunks were packed, and on a low couch her wedding-dress lay carefully spread out, with wreath and veil spread aoross it. How the eight mocked her pain I With a despairing ary she flung herself flown on the floor, and moroifal tearB saved ber from going mad then and tbere. Never in all her young life had she shod such tor rents of tears, been shaken with such deep .ibe; for never before bad real sorrow laid its burden apon ber, and this was a thing to crash even the stoutest-hearted. At last she rose up,calmer, but woefully pale and eubdued, a girl no longer, but a suffering' woman. An impulse to go away eeoretly had come over her. With feverish haste ebe changed her evening dress for a plainer one, put her purse in ber bosom, and laid out a' bat and cloak. Then sbe sat down and wrote a short note to ber father, a pitiful little mes sage explaining the oause of ber flight, and entreating him to tell Phil. That finished, and laid on ber dressing-table, she moved slowly and softly about the room, taking a sorrowful farewell of aU the pretty familiar things endeared to ber by a thousand bappy associations. Above the mantlepieoe hong her lover's picture, riohly framed, and the most precious of all her treasures. Sbe paused before it, tearless, but with heaving breast, ber poor, passionate heart quivering, almost break, ing. "Ob, love, love, howoan I give yon up? Fet 'tis better that than I should ruin your life. Heaven forbid tbat I should do it I Good-bye, good-bye, for ever I" and she turned away, not daring to look again Into those pictured eyes, lest her courage should, after all, fail. At last she was ready, and opening ber ' door ebe glanced out. The bouse was all Qui?t, the hall dark and deserted, j Sbe went out, and with noiseless steps groped her way down stairs. With shaking hand she fambled at the fastenings of the front door. She thought she heard footsteps on the upper floor, and listened in breathless terror. i It was only a false alarm, and opening the door, she stepped .out and beard it close , behind her with « chilling shudder. Shut out in the cold and darkness-she, tbs darling of fortune, the glory of ber , father's house, the beloved of Phil Eingsly's heart; and yet she faoed it with less shrink 1 ing than she could have faccd pitying ' friends, a shame-strioken father, a luke-warm , lover. i Hall a dozen hounds bounded up to meet ber, barking deeply; but at the sound of ber low, sweet voice, crouched at her feet with whines of delight. With a soothing word she went swiftly down the walk, and so away from ber borne. «nd it was ber wedding eve. j * . ! The wedding cay daigMcf oloar and bril liant, with a flue boar irost lying on leaf and ! flower. At D^sqiond's tbe household were ' astir early, forthere were yet many things to be done before tbo bridal feast waB spread. Suddenly a strange ory rang through (he bonsc; a ory of apprehension; ot alarm-tbe bride could not be found. Her bed was on touched, her evening dress lay in a crumpled 1 heap on tbe floor, but she hud vanished. Mr. . DtMBood'e ruddy face paled & Uttle, bat Ue I aalled it only a foolish woman'a exoitempnt , uutilhe read bis daughter's note. Then' be eUpgered baok with a fierce cry: | " Oh, Heaven I it is true sbe has left : OS I" Guests and servants were all gathered I around bim, all eager, all curious,. and I Phil Kiuguly stood at bis elbow, palea and : rather stern. r | " What does it mp»n f" hnflemirfleit. 1 Uie lias been listening to some cruel lies." "Ton lis youreell, Royal Desmondt I told her only the truth," screamed a shrill voice; and a haggard old woman pushed het way through tbe crowd until she stood lacing tbe muster of the hum. " Vou have for gotten me, probably, but I.have not forgottui you,Xl>y.al Diamond, not the revenge 1 swore to wreak on you for dramjing my girl's lover off to prison and breaking ber heart. You murdered her I" she cried, wildly; "but I-' 1 was mors ueroifal to your prttty idol, I , told &w; tb« two »b»ui tier awberi Mid the Ute awaiting her, parapeted, spotted pr.'; tbat ebe waa.' "And you would take vc.ng6&noc; on an innocent, d*fencelt«s G"l ?" ®a^ Kingtly, sternly. 6hs l&ughod; fiendishly. ..A Uta foe a life, young aw; belter be thankful you have escaped a mad woman. Ob, it would bavc wrung yonr heart to have witnessed her horror, her anguish I' " Woman, are you flesh aDd blood, or demon ?" boarsely demanded the merobant. " Damon-just what you made me. I only hope you will now feel a pang ot what 1 have Buffered. You may take ttie, kill me, lor what I have done; I have bad my revenge-1 *. And a poor revenge it will provo, when I tell you she is my daughter only by adoption. Bo turned to bis listening guests, a baugbty flush mounting to his fine laoo. 11 My friends, this women's insane anger against me makes it neocseary to tell you a very painful story. It has bean kept a seorct from a foolisb fear that it might oloud my girl's life-she is my girl, tbougb uo drop of mj blood flows in her veins. You know, some of you, tbat my wife died in an insane asylum only a few years ago. Ber mind becan to fail soon after we were married, and she grew mucb worse after bet chili died. Wo travelled over the Gontiuent, and one nigbt we stopped at a hotel in a little town where an English .wonan lay dying. Sne bad a lovely little girl, a mere baby, and the tbought of leaving it alone in tbe world distressed her beyond measure. My wife took a strange fancy to the little one, and at l»Bt we adopted her; and from that day totbis she has been my girl, my Alioe, my treasure; but would to Heaven I had told her tbis and spared ber much sufl<-ring." " His head bowed, and lie very tenderly smoothed out the sad little note. " How desperate her shame and misery musthsve rendered her, tociuee her to run away in tbe dead of nigbt-rtie, so young, so tenderly sneltered from all the rough WIOIIb of human auvereity," be murmured, brokenly In the deep rile nee tbat followed Mr. Das aond's explanation the old wonaan ovept out, bafflid, owst-lalleD, and when tbe servants ?would bavs arrested her, liiugaly restrained them. . . .. .,, " Let ber go; ebe can do do more misoniel. Then he touched 3Xc. D "?mood on tbe arm. 11 House yourself, fir. We mnst find Alioe." " Yet, we must find her. Ob, Phil, where can ebe be ? my poor girl, my darling I" And Pail set his lips hard together, and turned from the sight of tbe wedding favors lying on the table. Alas for bis bappiuesBl How swiltly, cruelly, it had been destroyed I Just a week since she had left ber father's bonse, and yet to Alio; Desmond, sitting in the sunshine in front of an old bouse in a suburb of Lindon, the time had dragged so heavily it eeemed an age. She sal on a stool, ber bead resting Bgainsi a small tree, ber hands listlessly folded in her lap. There were dark rings under ber lovely ejes,and a fised pallor on her smooth cheek. An old woman oome softly to tbe door, looked at her. and shook her bead with a deep eigb. She bad been the girl'd nurq;, and loved her witb devotion. ?What a shook it bad been to bet to bate ber nursling come as she did I She could Dot attend the wedding, bnt she sat by her lonely fire thinking of it one evening just ai riuek, when camealoud,hurried knock on tne front door, and there on tbe etep stood Alioe, pallid as death-a veritable ghost, the fright ened woman at first thought. " Oh, Nora, take me in 1 bide me away from the world, for my heart is broken!" ebe panted, and fell faint and exhausted across the threshold; and there ebe bad been ever eicee-a silent, joyous creature, eo on like ber old, gay, brilliant self, it wrung tbe woman's heart to look at ber. To-day she eat on tbe stool in the suo fuinfl. listless, hopeless. *? Ob, tbat master would come r' sighed old i>ara; end saaroely bad the wish found utterance when tbe eate swung open, and Mr. Desmond and Phil Kingsly entered. Alice turned ber bead at the sound, and Startled op witb a cry, only to sink back again on tbe stool, breathless, almost faint ing. Tbe next moment she was in ber ath er's arms. " Alice, my girlf-my darling!" be cried, end broke down, his tears (ailing on ber bent bead. 1 "Ob, lather,*'she moanetf," why did you bring him with you I-I cannot bear it." And then, mustering hie emotions, he told ber tbe story be had told to tbe wedding guests. . " Had you eome to me that Bigjbt, B>y child, I would have told you then." I shall not attempt to tell you how tbe girl felt. The revulsion from blankest despair to greatest joy made ber senses almost reel. At first she listened, pale and bewildered, then she laughed and wept by turns; but tbe moment of supremeet joy was when ber lover's arms clasped ber, ber (over's lips pressed bers, and sbe knew she need never shrink from him. Suffering bad taugbtber the nature of happiness. Tbey wets married that day without pomp or show of any kind, "for," said Eingsly, "we will Have no mora wadding ew," 