THE BISHOP OF ftKAFTOX AND AKHIDILE. CONSECEa.TIUN. AT ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL. "For the first time in the history of this colony, the ceremonial'ordained by the Book of Common Prayer for the consecration of a Bishop, Vas employed on Tuesday at St Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne. Hitherto our bishoprics , have been filled by divines from the « Mother Country, and the historic sea.s of " leaxning'--- by - the batiks of the classic Cain ana Isis, have pro vided the men of learning 'and piety who have sustained the dignity and repute of the episcopacy m this country. But Tuesday's ceremony marks a new era, aud one o$ an important significance to the church in these colonies. A product of Victorian scholar ship knelt at the altar and had laid upon his head the consecrating hands of the right reverend fathers, whom he is new entitled to call his episcopal brethren. Dr Green, the -new Bishop of Gratton i and Armidale, is a graduate of the University of Melbourne. Trinity College - has the honor 'of having turned out the first locally consecrated bishop. Tt was at this College that .the new prelate graduated, and followed a brilliant course, carrying off in triumph the Bromley prize for Biblical Greek, the Bo wen prize, the scholarship in history and political economy, and an exhibition in arts and natural science. He was ordain sd a deacon by BiBhop Moorhonse in 1880. The bishopric has been conferred upon Dr Green by the Synod of the Diocese over which he is henceforth to preside. It may be as well to explain the difference in the method of selecting bishops in these demo cratic colonies, as compared with the method in the home of the (Jhurch of England. In the old eountry, where the church is an ap panage of the State, a diocese has but a nominal and totally inefficacious voice in the selection of a bishop. Actually the appoint ments are made by the Trime Minister of th? day. By a charter of 1214,- King John granted that bishops should be elected freely by the deacons and chapters of the cathe drals. But that freedom has been modified in the course of centuries, and now, though the Crown grants to the dean and chapter in a see where a bishop has to be elected, nommal power to elect, the writ of " Conge d'Elire"is invariably accom panied by a letter containing the name of the person whom they are to elect. The dean and chapter are thereupon bouud to elect the person so named by the Crown within twelve days, in default of which the Crown has piwer to appoint the nominated clerio without the # consent of the dean, and chapter. The qualifications for a bishop of the Church of England are that he shall be learned, at least 30 years of age, bora in l&wfal; wedlock, and of good life and behavior. The consecration service is very ancient and very simple. The form" of it has been in use for centuries, and does not differ es- seni ially from the form used in the Roman Catholic Church, from which, indeed, it was taken by the compilers of the Prayer Book. Even the Consecration Hymn is the same as that used in the Roman form, namely, the " Veni, Creator Spiritus," said to have been composed by St. Ambrose, and rendered into the metrical verse in which we bave it in the English version — " Come Holy Ghost Our Souls Inspire" — by (it is supposed) John Dryden. The church service intimates that the, . consecration of a bishop should takfe place in Ember weeks, and it is also under stood — according to the canon of the Nicene Council— that there must be foar, or at least three, bishops present at the consecration, to lay hands on the new mem ber of the Episcopacy, The rubric indicates that after the conse cration prayer, « then shall the bishop elect put on the rest ofthe Episcopal habit." "By this is mean t the rochetwhich with thechimere constitute the robes of a bishop of the Eng lish Church. The rochet is the gar ment of lawn :&nd; the -chimere is the black-satin cope-like robe, opening in front, worn over the rochet. Frequently the full lawn sleeves worn by the bishops are attached to the chimere, but this is condemned by the authorities: as the impi'oper mode. Indeed, the -J baggy" sleeves, - often trilled and t laced at -the ' cuffs in the most ornate manner, which bishops nowadays affect, find no favor at alb with some authorities. Pean Hook condemns their "preposteioas fulness as a " modern invention." Bishops, bow- ever, are subject to fashions, like ladies, and a prelate of the period, in full canonicals, looks very much as though he had a balloon on each arm. Formerly the chimere was of scarlet, but in the reign ot Queen Elizabeth, Bishop. Hooper considered that this color was too brilliant for so sober an office, and at his instance the scarlet was altered to black, although scarlet is sometimes worn. Really, however, the black satin is ovich more effective than the scarlet, especially when (as is usual) the bishop wears with it his scarlet doctor's academical hood, which makes a splash of brilliant color against his back. The interest in the ceremony on the part of the public was sho /en by the eager compe tition for places in the Cathedral on Tues day. Long before the doors were opened there" were large crowds round all the doors, and very soon after admittance was allowed every seat in the building had been taken. The arrangements were perfectly made and carried out. At 11 o'clock the procession entered the Cathedral, headed by the Verger, with the Bishop -ot Melbourne and the Bishop of Ballarat at the rear. Six bishops took part in the procession and the ceremony, exclusive of the Bishop E-ect, namely, the Bishopyo Riverina, Adelaide, Newcastle, Goulburn, Melbourne and Ballarat. Slowly, to the hvmn, ' The Church's one Foundation,' the long column, while robed and stately, filed up the nave. After the Verger came the choir, then the clergy of Ballarat, Grafton and Armidale and Melbourne, followed by che acting minor canons, the precentor, the cathedral chapter, the bishop elect and the bishops with their chapiaius. Dr Green walked in his ordinary priest's surplice and stole, and the scarlet and blue hood ot a doctor of laws of Sydney University. The time for assuming the episcopal robes had not yet arrived. The clergy in the proces sion numbered 113. The service was commeuced by the Bishop of Ballarat, the ritual of the Holy Com munion being the ordinance appointed for celebration on occasions of episcopal conse cration The epistle was read by the Bishop of Newcastle, and the gospel of the day by the Bishop of Melbourne. . The sermon was delivered by the Bishop of Goniburn, from the words of Psalm xlv., verse 17 : "Instead of thy fathers thou shalt have children, whom thou maveat maze princes in an lands." After tne sermon Bishop-elect was con ducted by his' luiaplaiiis to the. vestry, where he put on the episcopal rochet, the choir in the meantime singing the anthem, "Send oat thy Light." Then Dr Green. returned, robed simply in the rochet, and approached the Ssnior Bishop (Dr Thornton) who performed the functions usually performed by an Arch bishop when the consecration takes place in England. He was presented by the Bishops of Melbourne and Newcastle, and the certificate of his election by the Synod having been handed in, the litany was chanted, and the questions of -examination were put. This done, the Bishop-elect retired again to "put on the rest of the episcopal habit," Dr. Green returning robed fully in rochet and chimere and wearing his doctor's hood. After the consecration prayer the wnole of the bishops present grouped around the Bishop of Ballara-, with the crook held aloit in the background, laid hands altogether on the head of the Bishop elect, Dr Thornton saying the words of con secration. Thereupon Dr Green arose, duly consecrated Bishop of Grafton and Armi dale. Subsequently the bishops, clergy, and laity celebrated the. Holy Communion, and the ceremony was at an end. Dr. Grekn — The New Bishop. 