SOLEMN REQUIEM MASS AND OFFICE. On Sunday morning a Solemn Office and Requiem High Mass was celebrated in the Sacred Heart Church, Tatura, for the souls of the deceased relatives and friends of the Catholics of Tatura Mis sion. The ceremony commenced with the Solemn Office, at which the Very Rev. Father O'Connor presided. Fathers O'Connelcl and Smith officiated as chanters, and Father McCarthy as master of ceremonies. Immediately after the Office, Solemn Requiem Mass was celebrated. The Rev. FatherMurphy Nagambie, officiatedas celebrant, Father Kavanagh of Nagambie as deacon, Father O'Connell, Tatura, as sub-deacon, and Father McCarthy as master of ceremonies. The Very Rev. Father O'Connor of Numurkah, gave the absolution at the catafalque. After the celebration, the Rev. Father McCarthy preached an impressive ser mon regarding the Catholic doctrine of the existence of Purgatory and devotions for the souls detained therein. Taking his text from Job, verse 21, chap. 19, " Have pity on me, have pity on me at least you my friends, for the hand of God is heavy upon me," he applied the words to the ceremony of the day. The words of Job implied that he was aban doned. Smitten from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet with sores and boils, he lhad been forsaken by hiis. wife and his children. After scraping himself with a potsherd, he sat on a dunghill, and spoke the words of the text to the friends who visited him. There were many holy Jobs crying out for pity now. They were the words of the lchurch pleading for the dead. From out of the tomb the voices of the de parted rose asking for pity. They were sweeter than song in their pleading, but how mournful to those left. Dogs licked the sores of Job, but their hearts would wither, would burn with sympathetic horror could they witness the sufferings of those who cried aloud in their anguish for.pity. What had his listeners done for the departed dead ? " Give them O Lord, we beseech thee, a place of re freshment, light and rest" was a prayer they should take to heart. It was the fashion in some quarters to make little of purgatory, but they had full authority for its existence. St. Thomas said purgatory was the same as hell, except that the former would one day cease. Its truth was proved by the sronptures, by reason, the traditions of the Church, and the lives of the Saints. The Old Testa ment bore witness to the fact there was such a place as purgatory. When the Jewish niation was attacked by foreign enemies, Judas Maccabousdefeated them, andamong the spoils took 1,000drachms of silver. This lie sent to Jlerusalem to be used as o fll offering or expiation for the sins of his soldliers who were killed. He heard from.n the tomb the voices of the soldiers saniu in battle crying out for pity. for prayers front the just. It was a holy and wholesome thought to pray for ithe dead, that they might Ie loosed front their sins, we read in the book of Maccabes. In Ecclesiaates thevrwould find proof of tie cflicacy of pr.layers for the dead. Tobias on hIlis death bied called his son, aidl made two requests. Tir first was that the young iman should be kind and patient to his mother, wbo was old, feeble and stulpid, "l Rememblier what she did and suffered for you," le said. The second request was that whrlen the cold lhand of death touchedl Tobias, his son was to close his eyes inll death, and lay out breadl and wine for the burial of the just. 'Th'ley could learn from Tobias to teach their chlildlren, wlhen able to do so, iand with their last breath in culcate the tradlitions of the Church. All nations undier the snit practised sac red burial rites, save one, for " refresh ment, light and peace " for the dead. With the Chinese, triadlition had gone wrong,for they thoughlt thebodies returned to take the food left at the tomtb. If tliy went back in to old Ireland, what did they find ? A father died and sonicme poor person came to the house, and asked for alms. for God's sake. The youngest child was sent with the alms ,to the sup ýý'hantt-aodavwnitsu- Please p =ufhray~ for; ":=,my'ftthtar';, `lou·,'.'r 'this».' text. There, was nio decasion to lheap * illustrations. Talke the case of a rich man in this counltry. He is dying, but has not tauglht his children their duty to himself, and the Church of God. lThe priest would be selnt for to readt a few prayers over hlim. but the true lilial devotion was atbsent. Purents slhould teach their clhildren tile lduty they owed to tihe living and the dead. The New Testament was also cleatr oni the ellictey of prayers for the dead. Our Lord, after the wotndrous miracle of raising Lazarus from the dead, said " that sin you conmmit against the Holy Ghost, shall not be forgiven in this world or the next." St. Pail hore witness to it, and reason itself proved the fiact. None could go to hleaven except sinless andt spotless. Punishu ent shouldll be lro portionate to sill. Where lthen did tihose guilty of venial olfences go ? Reformers of the li6thl century said those whlo diai not go to heavenl went to holl. There was no intermiediate iplace of pirgstion. Reformiers of the 19tht century evidently considered that hell was too hot for them, andt they were tryinig to abliolish it. The way maIlltters were going, reformiers of the 20th century would lhave nieither Iheaven, hell or Ipurgatory. All gelnuine autllorities hlowever supportedl the view that prayers for the detad would assist ini obtaining for the souls a place of refresh ment, light antd Ipeacle. The life of St, iMonica furnlishedl a notitble examtple to wives and tiotiers. It hlii younger days her son wias a great sinlner. St. Monica ihad made a misxedL marriage, tdtl the father of the boy tried to bring limu up a Pagant The mothetr followed the son fronm Africa to Euirope pleading with him, and at Milati site saw the great St. Ambrose, lwho said the soni of such a mother could not be lost. Ot her ldeathl bed site said to her son,," Do not waste money oi my burial, give it to the poor and pray for Ine. Whenetver you alp proach thile altar of (Godt renmember your mother." The prayers of that exemplalry mother were answeredl. In conclusioln lie wouldl ask the coll- 1 gregatioln to rememtber they were calledl there to listen to that dlirge, that mournful song, that said cry front the tomb, " Have pity oil me, have pity oil me at least you umy friends, for the latid of God is heavy upoll Ime." I'riests hald come from differeitt parts thatit iltuv to isi them to pray for the dead, By lprayers, alms, and fasting they coulld do much to relieve the departed souls front darkniess and misery. Subsequently it conference of the priests was Iheld, there being Ipresent the Very Rev. Father O'Colnnor, Nutiurkilh, president, Rev. Fatlhers Murphy, Nutnur kah, McCarthy and Smith, SIhepparton, Kavanaglh, Nagambie, iald D. IF. O'Connell, Tatura, These conlferelnces of the priests of the Gotulbitr Valley aire held quairterly, alternately at the tditferent presbyteries. antd matters of imoment to the missions discussedl. 