SS. MICHAEL AND JOHN'S CATHEDRAL. THE IMPROVEMENTS. In connection with the improvements that have been carried on for several months past at SS. Michael and John's Cathedral, several beautiful and expen sive stained glass windows, lately g™ t u_..j im^ui icu aiviu uuo mm ui ixli« t/, juiuu man, Birmingham, England, are now fixed in their places in the new sanctu ary. The windows are of chaste design, and very rich in coloring. Over the High Altar is an Oriel window, having in the centre the figure of a dove, representing the Holy Ghost lookjng down on the . altar. A scroll underneath this window requests a prayer for the donors — Mr. John Meagher and his family. On eaoh side of the high altar is a large lancet window. The one on the Gospel side has a pio ture of the Sacred Heart holding a scroll with the words 'Jesus Meek and Humble of Heart.' The large window on the Epistle side of the altar shows a nearly life-size figure of St. Matthew the Evangelist. Beneath each of the figures is the form of an angel holding a scroll, and at the foot of each window are the words ' Pray for the Soul of the Right Rev. Matthew Quinn, first Bishop of Bathurst.' These windows have been erected to the memory of the late Dr. Quinn, and are the gift of the Rt. Rev. Dr, Byrne, the present Bishop of Bathurst. A windojv over the altar of St. Joseph contains a figure repre senting St. Joseph, and has the same inscription beneath as the large windows. Abovo the altar of the Blessed Virgin is a window with a picture representing that .saint, and to the extreme right another window is placod with a picture representing St. Anne. This window is the gift of the late Miss Mary Ann O'Connor, for whom a prayer is re quested on a scroll beneath. All the windows, with the exception of those given by- the late Miss O'Connor and Mr. John Meagher, are tbo gift of the Rt. Rev. Dr. Byrne, and cost between £250 and £300. The whole of the improvements to the cathedral have been carried out under tho supervision of Mr. J. J. Copeman, the architect, the con tractors being Messrs. Jones and Sons. 