AT MABXET VALUE. BY GRANT ALLEN, Author of " This Mortal CoiLf ' 4< Blood Hovat/1 4The Scallywag." - 44 Chambers's Journal." CHAPTER IV— Fhitebnal Amenities. The season was waning towards its latter end ; Mrs Hesslegrave and Kathleen were on the eve of flight for their regular round of autumn visits in the country, before returning to their winter quarters in Venice. These autumn visits were half friendly, half pro fessional. It was one of the griefs of Mrs Hesslegr&ve;'s life, indeed, that Kathleen's voca- tion as an artist compelled her to do and to 6 uffer many things which in her mother's eyes were undignified, and almost unlady - like. Foremost amongst them was the necessity, when visiting in the country, for carrying her port folio of sketches along with her ; for Kathleen's ! success was merely a private and local one ; she depended largely for selling her pictures upon the nteadly appreciation of her own acquaintances. It is true, bring a timid and retiring girl, she never thrust her work incontinently upon her hosts on the contrary, she was nervously shy about anything that looked like self- advertisement or pushing. Still, the fact remained that nnlraa she went a round of country visits in the autumn, she would never have sold most of her pictures at all ; and this fact, which gave Kath leen herself no small shrinkinge of natural delicacy, covered Mrs Hesslegrave in a very different way with shame and humiliation. For to Mrs Hesslegrave, it was a painful disgraceful thing that people should know her daughter had to work for her living at all; in her young days, she was wont to say severely, young ladies used to paint for their own amusement, not for filthy lucre : when ever she said it, with a disapproving toss of the dainty coffee - colored Honiton head- dress, Kathleen had somehow an unpleasant feeling in the background of her heart that it was really very wrong of her to be so badly off, and that, if only she had inherited the feelings and manners of a perfect lady, she would have managed to he born with five thousand a year, and nothing to do for it. Though, to be sure, if she hadn't so managed, after all, it might with some show of reason be urged in extenua tion that the fault lay ratftpr at the door of that impeccable Mrs Jfoatoraye herself, and the late lamented General of Artillery, herhusband, who had been jointly responsible for bringing Kathleen Into tho worid with no better en dowment than just a pair of pretty white and an artistic faculty for deftly employing them in the production of beautiful and pleasing images. On this particular evening, however, Kath leen was tired with packing ; her head ached slightly ; and she was anxious to be kept as un disturbed as possible. Therefore, of couxse, her brother Reginald had chosen it as foe apteet moment to drop in towards the dinner hour for a farewell visit to his mother and sister. Regi nald was twenty, with a faint black line on his upper lip — which be called a moustache — and he was a child entirely after Mn Heaelegrave'e own heart ; in his mother's eyes, indeed, a con summate gentleman. To be sure thejpoor boy had the misfortune to be engaged in an office in the City— a most painful position ; Mtb Hessle- grave's narrow means had never allowed her to send him to Sandhurst or W ool wich and get him a commission In the army — but that the fond mother regarded as poor Reggie's ill- lack; and Reggie himself endeavored to make up for it by copying to the best of hia ability the tone and manner of military circles, as far as was compatible with the strict routine of a stockbroker's office. If collars and cuffs and the latest thing out in octagon ties constitute the real criterion of the gentle life (as is the 44 naive" belief of so large a fraction of the city), then was Reginald Hesslegrave indeed a gentleman. What though he subsisted in great part on poor Kathleen's earnings, and pocketed her hard won cash to supplement his own narrowsalary, with scarcely so much as a thank- you— one doesn't like to seem beholden to a woman in these matters, you know— ret was the cut of his coats a marvel to Adam's Court, and the pattern ofhis sleeve UnkB a thing to be observed by the stipendiary youth of Thread- needle Street and Izothbury. Reginald flung himself down in the big easy chair by the bow window with the air of a man who drops in for a moment to counsel, advise, assist, and overlook Ids womenkind — in short with all the dignity of the head of the family. He was annoyed that 44 his people" were leaving town ; leave they must, sooner or later, of coarse; if they didn't, how could Kath leen ever dispose of those precious daubs of hers? — for, though Reginald pocketed poor Kathleen's sovereigns with the utmost calm' of a great spirit, he always affected profoundly to despise tne dubious art that produced them. Still, the actual moment of his people's going was always a disagreeable one to Reginald Hesslegrave. As long as his mother and Kitty stopped on in town, he had some where resectable to- spend his evenings, if he wished to ; somewhere presentable to which he conld bring other fellows at no expense to Mmwalf end, ottat, don't you know, isalwaya a consideration ! Ae soon aa they were gone, there was nothing for ti but the club ; and at the dub, that sordid place, they mate a man pay himself for whatever he con- sumea, end whatever he offers in solid or liquid Jbospifcalityto other fellows. So no matter now late mother and Kitty stayed in town, it made Reggie cross all the same, when the day came or their departure. 44 How badly you do up your back hair, Kitty !" Reggie observed with a sweet smile of provocation, after a few other critical remarks upon his sister's appearance. "You put no style into it. Yon ought jost to look at Mrs Aigy Redbum'e faair ! .There's art if you like. She does it in a ban. She knows how to dress it Us a model for & Duchess.." 44 Mia Algy Redborn keeps a maid, no doubt/' his sister answered, leaning back in her chair a little wearily, for she was worn out with parking. "So the credit of her bos, be longs, of course to the maid who dresses it," " She keeps a maid !" Reggie went on with his hands ontus haunches in an argumentative attitude. 44 Why, certainly she keeps a maid. What clse wouM you expect? Every lady keeps & maid. Ifsa simple necessity And you ought to keep a maid, too. No woman -can be dressed as a lady should dress, if she doesn't keep a maid. The thing's impossible," Anfl he mapped hia month fa 10r» rat-trap " Than I most bB content to » otherwise than. aa % lady should/ .Kathleen responded quietly; for I cant afford a maid— anato tell you the troth, Reggie, I really don't know that IsbOTldcare fo have one/' . 44 Can't afford l" E«ggie repeated wifh a derisive accent of profound scorn. 44 That's what you always say. -. Tbate to hear you say it. ffhef phrase is malady-like, jf you cau't afford anything you ought lofle able to afford; it, -How do t afford .things? I drees liks a gentleman. You never sm ira-tafloxed or R1-: i groomed, er doing wifiiddythli agantie- ; manoiigbt to-bave. . BGowJdoXeffnM it V9 -Kathleen |iafl ft .am . flfo jig other tongue to. gtvehhek jthe plain and true retort, " Wny, hy: msKng -your roster earn the money to teep ypu hat native kindlrnwis aad womanly feeling restrained her from saying so. So she only replied : 44 I'm sure X don't know, my dear ; I often wonder, for I can't afford it, j and I earn more than ycu do." Reggie winced a little at that, ft was mean of Kitty so to twit him with his poverty. She was always flinging his want of ready-money in his face — as though wont of money (when you spend every penny that fate allows you— and a little more too) were a disgrace to any gentleman ! Bnt he continued none the lees in the same lordly strain: 44 You dress badly; that's the fact of it. No woman should spend less than three hundred a year on her own wardrobe. It can't be done for one «hni?ng under that, Bhe ottght to spend it." 44 Not if she hasn'tgotit," Kathleen answered stoutly. 41 Whether she's got it or not," Reggie re sponded at once, with profound contempt tor such unladylike morality. 44 Look at Mrs Algy Redburn 1 How does she do, Fd like to know? Everybody's well aware Algy hasn't got a brass farthing to bless himself with, yet who do yon see dressed in the Park like niB wife ? . Such bonnets ! Such coats ! Such a bun! There's a model for you !" 44 But Mrs Algy Redburn will some day be Lady Axminster," Kathleen answered with a sigh, not perceiving herself that that vague con tingency nad really nothing at all to do with the rights and wrongs of the question. 44 And I will not." (Which was also to some extent an unwarrantable assumption.) Reggie flashed his cuffe, ana regarded them with just pride. 44 That's no matter," he answea curtly. 44 Every lady is a lady, and 1- should dress liks a ladyt no matter what's her income. And she can't do that under three hundred a year. You take my word for it/' Kathleen was too tired to keep up the dis- x pute. So she answered nothing. I But Reggie had come ronni to his sister's that night in the familiar masculine teasing humor. He wasn't going to be baulked of hi wesfj'. ei guufl ua iuUiug(«et- half the cost, and almost equal to badger- draining. So he went on after a minute : u A man doesn't need so much, thr wants are simpler. I think lean dress like a gentleman myself — on two hundred and fifty." " As your ealary!s eighty," Kathleen put in, resignedly, with one hand on her aching head, 44 1 don't quite know myself, where the re mainder's to come from." Reggie parried the question. 44 Oh, Tm care ful/' he went on, 44 very careful, you know, Kitty. I make it a rule never to waste my money. I buy judiciously. Look at linen for example. Linen's a very important item. I require a fresh shirt, of course, every morning. Even you wili admit'' (he spoke with acerbity, as though Kathleen were a sort of ackn o wledgea social Pariah).— 44 even you will admit that a supply of clean linen is a necessary adjunct to a gentleman's appearance. Well, how do you think now I manage about my cuffs ? I'U tell you what I do about them. There are fellows at our place, if you'll believe it, who wear movable cuffs— cuffs, don't you know, that come on and off the same as a collar does : nasty, separate shirt cuffs. I don't rail such things gentle manly. The fellows that wear them take them off when they come to the office, and slip them on again over their hands when they have to run across with a client to the House — that's what we call the Stock Exchange— or when they go out for luncheon. Well, I don't like ench ways myself. I hate and detest all shams and subterfuges. I wouldn't wear a cuff unless it was part and parcel of my shirt. So I've in vented a dodge to keep them, clean from morn ing till evening. As soon as I go into the office, I just cut apiece of white foolscap the exact size of my cuffs ; I double it back, so, over the edge of the sleeve: IpaBsit under again tins way. Then, while I stop in the office, I keep the cover on ; and it looks pretty much the same as toe linen. That prevents blackB and smuts from settling on toe cuff, and keeps the wear and tear and so forth from hurting the material. But when I go out, I just slip toe paper off, so !— aud there I am, you see, with spotless linen, like a gentleman!" And he de monstrated triumphantly. 44 A most ingenious dodge !" Kathleen an swered with languid interest. 44 Yes, it's careful of me," Reggie went on ; "Pm naturally careful. And by such strict bits of economy, I expect in the end— to keep down my expenditure on dress to two hundred and fifty." Kathleen smiled very faintly, . 44 You don't think a fellow can do it on lew, do you ?" Reggie continued once more in an argumentative spirit. J4 Yes I do," Kathleen replied. 44 1 certainly think so. And if he's a man aud cant afford to spend bo much, I think he should be ashamed of himself for suck nonsense." 44 Well, hut look here, you know," Reggie began, 44 what's a man to do I. . .You just think of it this way 1 First, he must have a dress soft, odtt a year of course ; you'll admit that's a necessity. Gloves and white ties — those he needs for evening. Then a frock coat and waistcoat, with trousers to match ; and a black cutaway lot for afternoon tea: and two suits of dittos for country wear : and a tweed with knickerbockers for shooting and so forth : and a tennis coat, and boating flannels, and—" 44 Oh, don't, Reggie!" his sister cried, shrink ing away and dapping her hands to her aching bead. 44 You comb my brain ! I'm too tireu to argue with you." 4 ( That's just ifc/'Reggie continued, delighted. 44 You live in wxetdied lodgings, with no proper food— your cook's atrocious : and you wore till you drop at your beastlypainting ; and you tire yourself out with packing your own boxes, instead of keeping a mud, who'd do it all lire a shot for you; and what's the conse quence ? Why, you're unfit for society ! When a fellow comes round to pay yon a visit after a hard day's work, and expects a little re laxation and stimulating talk with the ladies of his family— he findsyou worn out' a mere boiled rag : while as to music or conversation, or some agreeable chat— oh, dear me, no ! not the ghost of an idea of it." Kathleen's patience was exhausted. 44 M dear boy," she said, half angrily, 44 1 have to work to keep myself alive, and you too, into toe bargain. And if you expect me to supply you with two hundred a year to spend upon your wardrobe, why, you must at least consent to give up the pleasure of music in the eren- Reginald might have answered to this unexpected attack: remains an unknown fact in the history of toe universe ; for just at that minute the neat ' capped little waiting-maid of the Kensington lodgings opened the door with a flourish and announced, 44 Mr Morti mer !" The young American entered with undis guised alacrity, and gazed delighted around the room. 41 Mrs Hesslegrave ie our, I hear," he began with meaning, as he took Kathleen's hand. Then he started a little in surprise as Reginald rose from the chair where he bad been sitting, unseen. 44 But your brother's here," he added in a disappointed after-thought, where distinct tone of regret must needs have struck anybody lees self -centred and self-satisfied than the stockbroker's assistant. 44 Yes, I dropped round to Bay good-bye to my people tonight," Reggie answered with a drawl, caressing that budding black line of bis upper bp with all a hobbledehoy's affection. "They're off ou a round of visits to the country just now. Hard lines on me ! I shall be left all alone by myself in London." 