THE? ASCENT OF THE POLITICIAN. [By Loukceb.1 I have just left the Philosopher of tfcf Smokingroom in mild dudgeon. He bet turned his back upon his pipe. ' It is sol ike ancient but the up-to-date writers wfco steal our best thoughts. If you doubt it ask Mr. Wallace. I have for some time been poadst* ing tbe problem of the politician, aad bekoli the argument has been anticipated ia a book which will be read, as it deserves to be, by tbe most intelligent of world-wide coned tuenls. Nevcrtheleft, without apologies to Profenor Druramond, I patd on my roufh outline for what iti* worth.' Well, to U8s the paper will not hurt tbe Pro fessor, and not to lua it will hurt tbe Philo sopher ; and I sm sufficient politician toeboose the path of least resistance, and bave deve loped human kindness enough to prefer ietiiot ing the lesser of two paint, for what tbe reader may suffer will be vicarious. ' Tbe origin of the Politician, ' he observe*, 'it an altogether now question. The beg winded, iron-bowelled, addk-pated, self assutiTe, vituperative bi^yiody who kas brought tbat char&cttr; into disrepute bassa dazed respeotable hainaniiy v;ith Lisbrazes voiced demonstrations monolonouslyreitemte! tbat be » -that there hu been no opportamtts' much less ability left to enquire how he became what ho ii. A lull having oocnmd il politics, a period cf 'rwt and quiet' wtiek was prophesied by those who were ia office and were too weak to remain then, tad if enjoyed by those who were ontof ofieesad do not like to be reminded of how tbeffOl into it— there is breathing time to coaostsj one's solf not with tbe argument of the Politician, for that hobbles on crutehsf of illusion aud delusion, but with We history. Now, according to both tbe Velvet Glove and Iron Hand of the Tncomparablf Ministry of all the Talents, history is ob- jectionable. and iu 'Huunt' -tumM fc» burnt This fact excites suspicion, increases curiosity, and promisas reward for —quill. We are virtually told by these master esiaeVs tbat the Politician has a descent, that he kee a struggle for existencM, that be repre sents the survival of the fittest, that he is ashamed of bis past, and that be hu but little bone for the future. In the sense is sHrieh these admissions are made they do not, how ever, state tbe whole case. In a liasited degree thoy are accurate enough. Tba Pofisi cian has descended. Once he was an esteemed citizen, not even requiring to bolster up kit reputation with a J.P.ihip. Difficult a* it is to realize the fact, ho was once selfretpeotiaf and comparatively innocent of guile. The struggle for existence took bim ioto Parlia ment, and there in ways put finding out ht continues that ztruggle. lio represents (he survival of ths fittest for the kind of ordeal he undergoes. Though lot to be considered superior to others physically, intellectually, or morally, be is most fit t*v» that work in politics which other men could or would not touch. He is ashamed of hie past, which further proves his descent Be has but little hope for the future. Ghosts of 'Hansard' remind him of tbe Hade* of poll* ticians — a faoeleat, contemptible, tiutab oblivion. 'But thi» melancholy, morbid, consciesee stricKon view of the politician is onesided, untrue, aud unjust. He » tbe product of evolution, which fails not, never deviates, aad everaacendi. It is somewhat difficult Mis tba poorer relations of the politician, whose bus and crescendo sonoroeities linger at midnight in our ears with the memories of the long-eared musical quadruped, but it is quite clear be did not ascend by tbst genealopioal tree, for on one occaaiou tbe aa* (poke, aadhu speech required no time limit, being indue* mure stftrtliog for it-i wisdom thaa for its longitude. Tho cupreme sad successful effort is which the polist L-ian spoils ideas by repeating worsts suggest! an origin in the feathery flock, wfcich is partially confirmed by a disposition ia toue instances to featber the nest and in otUcs to fly above the heads of pssple. Tbe Politwitt is frequently tbe development of a precooJOwJ child, whose prophet io juteuile face has beea interpreted aa bearinc the expreaskw of eat born to be a Prime Minister or a malefactor. He may graduate through the art of diridiaff shells while eating his client's oyster ; pattest ing bis ioveotive for private edificatiea oa the ?kthUtio field ; by a mix«d career of emytbiaf in general and nothing in particular; oria the guileful practice of prescribing for the ilk of humanity rose-water labelled as loaicsfsff the raillenium. It ia perfectly true thai the atpeot of tbe politician w hiob more aboadassjy oflers itself to publio critioism is that of ? lower order wherein selfishness dominates. He has to live, and is dependent upon his Parlia mentary salary. I'o retain tbat be asatt deaoend to a parochial atmosphere, devotiatj hie beot energies to please the whims of hisiBJeiest constituents for fear of provoking expsasitw and even disastrous opposition at the aesl election. To secure what is demanded of ham be must com |Mte with many in tbe Hones te whom it is also of vital moment to obtaia oas) of the few favours at the disposal of she State. The scramble for Ministerial ha'psace wosdd be ludicrous if it were not demoraliziag. When, as the highest avt of statemansbip, the poor, belplMs, faithful, dumb Civil servant is pinioued while bis purse is purloined to bay bait for political angling, we can well nodes* staod how hard it is for the publio to discern iu Parliament aught but a tragio struggle fat political exiatince. ' There is, however, hope for the Politioiaw. Nature is marvellnnsly merciful and kind. He m ascending slotvly but gradually. No credit is due to him. lo u put of tbe law of progreki under which he survives. In strata* ing every turto to preserve himself be caa* not fail to serve the intereitn of others. This automatic altruittn ia giving way to a volaa tary other-ism. The time bas arrived whea constituents perceive tbe ueceuity for oo» operation on the part of politician*. Ia days gone by them was a bastard form called log rolling, and though it was devoid of morality it iser red a purpose in showing the advantages of union. Now, however, it is being recog nised that members having common atsss muil unite, and, sinking parochialism, work out together tbe salvation of the country. Parly politic! will give a higher development of Politician— one in whom tbe struggle for existence will bu not extinguished but pubordinated. His political continuity will bo assured by loyalty to tbe principles be has been charged to oonservo. Tio will not shriek from sacrifice, will deny himself long and fn-quent cpetches, to promote the speedy pisuKjt* o( approved meaitures. Work ia Coss mittt* will receive bolter attention, and, ia brief, there will be fewer Acts passed bat sounder legislation. ' .More titan in party politics the bops af politics lies io the intrusion of sex into Parlav mont. I am not r.ow alluding to tbe possi bility of women taking seats there, but to the quality of tho mind. The women likely to be a-ked to bo sent into the Legislature aaifht po^ibly bo ch$i--d as masculine. Aa has beea indicated, the Politician bas hitherto hesa chiefly of the hungry, hunting, rettlesa, aad aftgreaiife type, who tradtd upon tbe ideas of others, brimicg forth precious little of hie own. We want another sex— well axmriahed minds, remarkable for quiet activity and tender nursing of their political faith. The pressing need is to balance the botrbistio aad reckless energy of the self-advertitiay aad tf vetMarou order witb tbe oaU-*«MtteiBg lboa||kloioooicwatHiasprabl««.M|t«n. We have a tor whose coavntioae an built apoa laborious taiaktar, wboM heart* at* ealerg*d by th* love for aod cmm of to StaM, tod who an making valuable con tributions u- ib* dieounsion of public affair*. Withe larger number of *uchid*d member* of Parliaa*et torn could b* do pressing aeod for women then, for th* quiet thinker* repre ?ml the altruism of tht higher mi. Tb*y arc, iadud. liberal and progressive. Snail bow u a mustard «?*). they (.f . M tesoreau of great tbm*s in tn* future. They an not of the mushroom and euhemml growth muked by a pohoy of top, all ronod. Neither do ^practtcen left banded extravagance aida bt aide with a ruhtbaaded Biggardnu*. Rather t* rbeirs a continuous grace of earnest, *o*taia*d, and ua.-b:ro*iv* .fort i0 fruitful tatBkiegandnr.btdo.oi regardleM of coa*« qmocm. This is th* method of tho exeat of the Politician.' 