THE ELECTION OF MAYOR AT IAMBTON. TO TIE EDITOR, Sir,-W- hen I penned my last ltter : I had no idea that I would be called : upon to write anodthor. I did riot ' attaoh my name, Mr. W. Conn says, for "obvious reasons." Had I done so he would have said it was a cheap advertisement for me. Like' "Hamlet's ghost," this great Mayor is "much offended" that I dared to draw public attention to the illegality of his olection. He has evidently abandoned his,position of Thursday last, viz., the 106th section, in justifi-. cation of his action, To-day he says the Mayor was elected under soetion 137\. I am told by those that we're present that this statement of hiisis untrue, and that, on the contrary, the chairman told him die tinotly that the election would take place under the 106 section as advised by Mr, Alderman Conn. So much for what he terms in his letter his facts. I may here inform Mr, W, Conn that neither the 106 nor 137 is applicable if the Mayor can be pre sent within seven days of the election of aldermen, That the Mayor could be present Mr. Conn admits in his letter of yesterday, but adds what I suppose he considers of much greater importance, " 'I' could not bo pro sent." I infer from this that Alder man W. Conn evidently thinks that he is either above the law or oxempt from its provisions. He may be oxompt and in the event of his being sum· moned to "show cause," that would probably be the best plea he could makeo, I suppose he would arm him self with copies of all the letters he has penned during his lifo comnmont ing on law. In that cease he may ,sue coed for "obvious ronsons." Expe rience will, I have no doubt, toeach iMr. W, Conn that it is positively unsafe for him to consult tholaw Heo shbould at all times consiult a lawyer, Ifool suro it would be to his advantage (again quoting that great mind) for "obvious reasones."-I am, &c;,1 OuiSERVER. Nowcastle, February 20th. Thlomans Riloy a one-armeid man, known as " Tlhe King of thoe Oninors," was soutenued at the Old Baileny, Londoln, to 14 yetrs' penal servitude for selliug countertfoeit coi, A murderous outrajro tool ploo aIt a Loweller's shop in Nowingwton.answay, Ljondoln. A man entored the shop, and pro ducing a revolver shot Mrs. Myors, the ow r, anld her shloplllanl anld grandson.l Whein about to be aIrruted he shot hlllHsUll in tihe head, and died short aftorwards. The three wounded peorsons aro likoly to recovor hult iat tile inquest on the woutlhl-b Iaassla ina verdict of felod s wash reFturnell'ld. Cihrloes Ernest Llndus was charged at Manasion House Police Court, London, with shooting his wife and her Hollltor, Mr. Georgt Saunder JacobH, Inl the laltter's oflico in Church-court, Old Jowry. Both the victims are in a sOrious i((;Illdtlion alt St, Bartholomnow's Hospital, Tuhe LIIouLsed was romanlded. Mr, Johlln hlrls, MP, ill f theo oolurso of his tzannual aIddroesm to hi countituents lt Blattor sol, aidd there waIs Ia loson to be loearned in reference to the Hull dock strike, It was that the unskilled laibourers, however well orglinoed, must hlo lad, controlled, uld iad visned hy skilled mten, who must recotgls that in the great margin of tihe unoemployed tile ohaneon of winning a strike of unskilled labourers invariably reoted with tlhe masters as against the men. 