ST. GEORGE'S CHURCH, GAWLER. CONSECRATION SERVICES. Gawler. Anril 23. Services in connection witb the conBecraBion Ffirvicea of St. George's Church were held on Sunday and Monday, and among those who attended were th-s Itading clergy of the Aneli can communion in the colony. Included in tbe number present wero the binhop. the dean, Archdeacons MorRe, ])nvp, and i 'r.-n.jii. the K«vs. B. C. 'Stpphen^on, R. U V. t-uo. ci. J. Bioyd, T. Waid, T. Field, F. W. Samwell, F. \V. WilkinEon, L. Durno, E. IT. Yeatman. T. Blackburn, E. K. Miller, M. Williams, W. A. SvcdTi W H. Murtip. J. -i Viti-hur W\ A. Moore, and G. E. Yoantr. On Sunday the morning service was con ducted by Archdeacon French, who preached an able sermon from So. John xix., 37, 'They bball look on Him whom thny pierced.' A special children's Kervicn was held in the afternoon, at which the same speaker eav« an interestiTiR address to a large number of children and their friends In tbe evening the building was taxed to its utmost seating capacity, the services being conducted by the bishop. Taking for hia text Fiphesians v., 32, ' He spoke concerning Christ aud the Church,' Dr. Kennion gave a historical accouns of the esriy difficulties of the Church oE England, and qucted largely from an edition of Professor Liamcay, a leading Presbyterian divine iu England, ^bowing that throughout his mmistraticcs St. Paul took the Roman cities for his missionary work princi pally on account of the ad vantages they afforded for the spreading of the Gospel. His lord ship was listened to with close attention throughout. The services were fully choral, aud the special singing given by the Cathedral choir, under Air. Dunn, was thoroughly appreciated. During' the conse cration service on Monday they gave a beauciful rendering of the anthem ** God is a spirit,' which was greatly enjoyed. TUSTOKT OF ST. GEOKGE:S CHURCH. Sr. George's Church, Gawler, is one of the oldest and finest buildings iu the diocese, teating accommodation being provided for nearly 700. The fouudation-stone of the original building was laid on January C, 1S5S, by the late Mrs. Short, the wife of the Bishop of Adelaido, and that of the transept and chancel by M'.-s. Kennion on December 4, 1SS4. The dedication survice cf the latter Dart of tbe edifiae took place on July 12, 1SS5, Bishop Kunuion officiating on tho occasion. The original design for the church, by Mr. E. A. Hamilton, haTs with one or two minor exceptions been strictly maintained. The building is of the early English style of the thirteenth century, is an imposing structure and one of the leading places of interest to visitors to the town. Between £11,000 and £12,000 have been spent upon the editice up to tbe present time, inclusive ot £400, the cost of a fine organ, which does much to add to the beauty of the interior of the building. The transept and chancel added to the original building wero completed in July, 1885, at a cost) of £1,000, and this amount has been paid. Tn^re is stilt a good deal to be done in the matter of interior decoration, the eastern windows having still to be finished. The design intended for these windows is Sti. George and tho dragon. On the northern and southern bicies many stained windows have been placed in position, including one bearing tbe arms of Colonel George Gawler, which have also been adopted by the Gawler Cor poration for the town. Great credit is due to the ladies in connec tion with the church for labor spent and time given at uinerenn times io tree mio uuuiuu m debt, more especially for their efforts in con nection with the late bazaar through which an amount of over £200 was raised. 16 is a matter for great congratulation to Canon and Mrs. Coombs that they have reached the day upon which their hopes have been con summated. It is about 4S years since Canon Coombs commenced his work in the town in connection with the church. It was intended to have had tbe corbels over the pulpit finished in time for the conse cration, buc the services of the sculptor who has been engaged to carry out the work have not been at the disposal of ilr. Howell, the architect, to enable this to be done in time, bus it will bo proceeded with almost im mediately. Towards this object Mrs. L. D. Chapman has promised £15, and the canon £5, and these will cover the ccst of the work. Tne 6quare tower, to contain a peal of bells, at the western end of the building, is still to be finished, aud no doubt a special effort will be made in tbe near future to complete the work. CONSECRATION DAY. ? Monday being St. George's Day the services for the consecration of the church were con tinued. At half -past 10 o'clock the consecra tiou service was commenced. The building was crowded, whilst outside there was also a large assemblage. The bishop, accompanied by the attendant and visiting clergy and laity, prooeeded to ehe western entrance of the church in the following order : — The Committee of So. George's Church. Choir. Clergy. The Lord Bishop. After the reception at) the door by the officers of the church, the petition for conse cration- of the church was presented to the bishop, who ordered it to be read, and his lordship signified bis consent to the consecration of the church. The bishop and onurch wardens then proceeded up the aisle to tbe ahar chanting the 24th Pualm, at tbe close whioh the deeds of St. George's Church were presented to Dr. Kennion, together with the petition, aDd laid upon the communion table. The Bishop then read the customary prayers and gave the consecration blessing. Tbe sen tence of consecration was read by tbe regis trar, being signed by the bishop and ordered by him together with the petition and other deeds to be duly recorded in the diocesan registry. His Lordship then declared ' St. Georee's Church lo bo now consecrated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and_ of the Holy Ghost' Tbe 84 th and l'/2ud realms having been chanted slie leesons for the service were then read, namely, l^t Kings, viiL, verses 22 to 62, and Revelations, xxi. The Sacrament of Holy Communion was then celebrated, and a large number of communicants attended. THB LUNCH EOS. After tbe services the visitors, accompanied by the leading members of the church, ndjourued to St. George's schoolroom, where luncheon was provided. The cables were most tastefully arranged. The sohoolroom had been specially renovated for the occasion, and was beautifully decorated with flowers and bunt ing. After justice had been done to tbe good things provided, various toasts were honored. Canon Coombs gave 'The Queen and the Church.' Tbe extension of the Church of England would always be associated with the reign of Cjusen Victoria, wbo was the tem poral head of the Church, and of all who called or pronounced themselves Christians. It was with her Majesty's reign that all tbe most progressive years of the Church would ever be associated. The toasb was duly honored. Mr. James Martin proposed 'Tbe Lord Bishop.' On the previous day bis lordabip bad given them what he considered to be a sermon of an extremely useful character concerning the history of the Church of England. They had been told of tbe Englishmen wbo is the early centuries fought for the Church, and bow on the invasion by tho Angles they were driven into the mountains of Wales aud into that Eretty little place called Cornwall. (Laughter.) ?id it not show bow determined they were to tight for the truth againet paganism? (Cheers.) The bishop was trying to induoe the people in this country to tight for tbe truth. (Cheers.) He was sorry that in bis efforts ior the extension of Church work his lordship had been some whan hampered through want of funds. He hoped that the times would soon mend aud that the bishop would be able to carry out tbe wishes that were so dear to his heart. (Cheers.) lie hoped he would be long spared to minister in the diocese. (Cheers.) He was more than glad to see their dear eld pastor, Canon Coombs — (cheers) — among tnem that day. He had worked eolely for St. George's Church for the past 48 years, and he bad lived to see the consummation of his desiiee. (Cheers.) He hoped that as he had worked so long and so well that he would now be able to get that help which he wished. (Cheers.) The toast was received with musical honors aud cheers. The Bishop, who on rising received an ova tion, thanked them for their enthusiastic re ception. It was a great deal to have one's health proposed by a gentleman who bad been born on St. George's Day. (Cheers.) Ke hoped that as Mr. Marti a had taught them with what success be could manufacture loco motives since bo had been in tbe colony, he might also teach them a lesson as to bow they might overcome every difficulty even as St. George did when be trampled upon the dragon. Nothing could be more interesting than to be present iu that parish ou that day. (Cheers.) He had loarnt from bis visit how much life Mr. Lewis bad formed, and also in St. George's Club, which bad lately been success fully inaugurated. If they could get hold of tbe young men to work for God and the church and take part in its functions then the future of tbe colonies would be assured for God and His righteousness. (Cheers.) It was because they neglected the young men that they did nob make that progress which toey should. (Hear, hear.) The church was growing more rapidly than tbe population, and this was clearly proved by statistics. {Gbcars.) It was a matter for great satisfaction tlat after the long service of years Canon Coombs, their beloved pastor, had that day seen 3t George's Church, free from debt and duly consecrated, (Cheers.) That represented the work of tbe inounibent, who/for VBry many years had kept this end Bteadily in view. (Cheers.) He thought that they conld nob do better than take example from the way in whioh be hod d^enaihBaiifivoc to laeeheut until by dime mercy his aims had been crowned with com plete success. There was no other parish ia the diocese where such an event oould have taken place. There was no other church which could boast that its pastor had been tho same from the inception to its -consecration. (Cheers.) Since his ministry among them the canon bad baptised 2,300 people in this church and married over 700. (Hear, hear.) How St. George's Day linked them to dear old England. (Cheers.) How it made them realise, the past as well as the present. (Cheers.) Canon Coomba had spoken of the growth of the Church during Queen 'Victoria's reign, but he hoped that whilst it was growing it was also keeping true to the great traditions which had been handed down. (Cheers.) It was a matter of great interest to him that this should be the day chosen for introducing into Parliament a measure for the disestablishment, of the Church in Wales. When the Angles invaded England many centuries ago the t-arly Christians had to retreat into Wales. and trom tnat day to cms me uouuuuwu wm cinuity of the Church of England had been maintained in Wales. It seemed to him so manifestly unfair that that inheritance of the Church should now be distributed just be cause a number of persons thought that tbo Church was growing too fast. For, after all, that was the secret, he believed, of the attack upon the Church in Wales. It had just bet-n suggested to him that the opposition to the Church in Wales exactly represented tha dragon which St. G«orge trod under foot. (Cheers, and laughter.) By making their voices fi-lt they had taught members of the Government at home that Churchmen were nob going to Btand idly by without fighting while their inheritance was bwng shared. Thev o£ course could noc know what; the Church would have to experience. They had not reached that state that they wanted their inheritance umi^u Liuui UUT3LU. \v^uuwnj. ) xl UUBV possessed that wealth which might b9 given 'in years to come for the extension of the work of the Church they would find people equally eager to take away that wealth for the advancement of anything else. Might he ask, what had ever done more for the good of the world than the Kingdom of Jesus Christ ''. It was for His kingdom that the blessings existed. {Hear, bear.) He thanked God for the growing spirit of Christianity in the world at the present time. They as Churchmen were bound to be loyal to their Lord, and thus advance the interests of both Church and State. (Cheers.) The Dean, in proposing 'St. George's Church,' said the name of their old and re spscted friend. Canon Coombs, would ever be associated with the pleasant memories of that occasion. Ho heartily congratulated the canon upon this the crowning of his life-long effort. (Cheers.) Melbourne boasted the oldest dean in the colonies, but St. George's could boast of the oldest canon in their friend, who bad been here for nearly 50 years. (Cheers.) They could all rejoice with him in his success. (Applause.) He hoped that the 700 couples he had married were all happy couples. (Hear, hear.) He could remember the old church — that was in the days of small things. As to the new church they had had three foundation stones, three openings, and one full consecration of St. George's Church. He congratulated them upon having such a fine building and tbe canon on his parish: (Cheers.) . Canon Coombs, in responding, said his feel- T ings were too strong to allow him to say all that he would wish to say. If anyone had said to him at tbe commencement of his parish work in Gawler that he would ever realise the present moment he could nob have believed him. He had received very great help in his determination to free the church from debt, especially from the ladies, whom he wished to thank very heartily. He trusted that the generally broad progress of the Church would more and more increase under the good rule of the bishop, and that as St. George was ever recognised as the great champion of good against evil, in that sense they would evet remember St. George's Day. (Cheers.) Dr. Da wes proposed the toast of 'The visitors.' Archdeacon Mop.se, on behalf of tbe visiting clergy and laity, thanked them for the hearty reception accorded them. They would ever retain pleasant memories of St. George's Day and Gawler. (Cheers.) Canon Gree^, in a happy speech, proposed 'The ladies,' on whose behalf the Rev. F. W. Samwell made a suitable reply. The proceedings closed with thanks to the press. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 