THB?REV^McNEIIiL'S MISSIONij WELCOME FROM THR MINISTERIAL ASSOCIATION. A large number of ministers attended at the Stow Cbnroh Guildroom on Monday morning, when the Ministerial Association accorded the Rev. J. McNeil! a welcome. The Rev. J. Lyall presided. TbeCHAiKMAN mentioned thatit was through an inadvertence that Mr. Burke was not present, l'bey rejoiced in Mr. MoNeill's gifts. He accorded him a hearty welcome, and assured him of the deepest sympathy thby bad with him in his work. The Rev. J. McNkiix, in thanking them for the welcome, said they bad bad a wonder ful entrance of the gospel in Australia. Their experienced Mel bourn* bad not been equalled anywhere. They reached tho city just at the right time, and surely they were led there by thb Divine impiration. He bad thedoeuwt sympathy with tho brethren in oharge of churches. Ho bad gone through tbe regular ministry, and that iu iuell was an advantage. There were High Churoh people in ovory de nomination, who would not go to hear a minister who was not nclctgynsan of their sect, and it was n good thing for a regular minister to turn evangelist, becaute it reached that class of p-.oule. Evangelistio work was sometimes looked down upon ; but when a regular doctor turned specialist— as he had done— he was not looked down upon, but was ratbor paid higher fees. His work was part and parcel of regular Gospel teaoh ing. The cry all over tbe uuivmo was for the full trained minister evangelist. At homo they were pastors if nothing el*. Sometime* in a parish ot 1,000 -ouls there would bo three pastors all trained in a toyere Presbyterian course, and all of theie cried for a man to rouse tbe people. His work was not done with any departure from the old views. The old theology fitted him. When he was a youth, and makinc a decision, he gained comfort from the fact that tho Biblo was all right. He was sometimes struck with the faot that the teaching to young men nowadays was that instead of along tho old firm road they would meet tbo Saviour, they were told that the old road was being repaired, and a firmer bottoa was going to tu put down, and that they would meet the Saviour off that road. He never read in the Scripture of the divorce of the Saviour from that road. The word of G -d wm sure and certain, and it had a marvellous bold. The men who took the old theology to pieces and gave tome scheme of reconstruction werenotin advance of the age, bnt behind it. (Hear, hear.) Tho modern critics, when they took the old theology to pieces, could not make a har monious whole, lie fancied second meetings in revival procedure were being overdone, and that by these meetings they were shifting the responsibility of preaching. Y/bilo a man was profiling, tne. U°l7 Ghost was speaking. There was nothing in the Scripture to warrant the second moating. There was nothing to make a person bold tbe impression from hear ing an address until the second meeting where tho patent process of conversing was carried out. That system was play«d out. Thero was no patent process in secoud meeting*. If preachers preaohed for souls they would get them. They knew from experience mas tne results or seoomi meetings nau not been so permanent as thoydesircd. When a man worked without those meetings, let them not run at him open- mouthed. The whole thing rested in God's truth. Anything he would say to a man in a second meeting he would say in his sermon. He, howover, some times bad them, because somo people worked bettor with them. A ead little story which made people cry would have a cold impression on the morrow, but an influence on a man created through Kod'a- word would have a wakening influence on tbe morrow. The Rev. J. Berry thanked Mr. MoNaill for bis courageous words in regard to the after meeting. In the most aggressive period of Methodism the second meeting was not used. The second meetings were ratbor a sign of low vitality in the Church ; and if the Churoh was properly vitalized, there would be no need font. The Rev. J. McNeill pointed out that Mr. Moody hod a wonderful gift for the second meeting. Tbe Rev. 0. II. NtBLD asked for an opinion as to tho advisableneu of preaching on social problem*. Tho Rev. J. McNeh.l advised him to put the first thing firet, and the nest thing next. When they did that, is was wonderful bow thing! adjusted thenitftlve*. After all the differences of capital and labour had been sottled there would still be sin and sorrow in the world. The Rev. J. B. StephkX8(W moved a vote of thanks to Mr. McNeil! for his stimulating and helpful address, and assuring him of the Minn ten' Association'* deep sympathy with him in his work, and their honest desire to co-operate with him in bis mission. Tbe Rev. Dr. Patox seconded the motion, whioh wae earned. Tho Rev. J. McNeil! having replied, the gathering dispersed. 