THE MODERN PLAY. MR. CLEMENT SC0T1\5 VIEWS. Tho Critic Speaks Out What the People Want— The Ibsen and Other Schools— The Stage as a Propagandist Platform. Interviewed recently by a representative of tho Pali, Mali, Bddoet, Mr. Clement Scott, speaking on stago matters said " There are subjects that, even when a moral lesson is to be taught, cannot properly be discussed in a mixod company, and can not be dealt with on the stage without causing offence or pain ami depriving of titcir enjoyment ut least some of the audi ence." THE ltlltl.E AND SHAKESPEARE. "How about the Bible?" asked tho in terviewer. "And would you only wish to see Shakespeare acted in expurgated editions?" " People read their Bible, and their Shakespeare," said Mr. Scott, "and I am very glad that they should do so ; but there aro parts of the Bible whioh would not bo road out before a family conclave — they aro not read iu church. As to Shakespeare's plays thoy never have been acted without the excision of objectionable lines. It is the same with the old English dramatists. At the forthcoming rorival of tho 'School for Scaudal ' Daly is very rightly going to cut out much that is objectionable in tho scandal scene." All this, oi cpursc, referred to tho lan guage used, and tho subjects dealt with on the stage. It was, however, on the tondency and teaching of a play that Mr. Scott was most emphatic. He insisted that while the stage should never be a propagan dist platform, even for good ideas, the great power with whioh, by its glamor and concrete present ments, it is able to make vividly real in the spectator's minil the ideas of the dramatist should alwa>-3 be used for good and never for evil. For instance: " I believe," said lie, "any play which teaches the despair ing. the horrible, the utterly unchristian doctrine that sin can never, be obliterated or its results in churactor remedied by sincere repentance, and tho leading of a good life, to bo absolutely immoral." He illustrated this pronouncement by the in stance of Mary Magdalene. "You have been," said tho representa tive, "implicitly occused of uuduly favoring melodrama?" " There is 'a species of melo drama," answered Mr. Scott, "that does an immensity of good. That play, for instance, now at Drury Lane, not only shows the horrors of war; und, by making the spectators see what modern warfare really is, tends to promote love of peace; but it also putR before them examples of noblo heroism and muse arouse noble sympathies in their breasts. But I have no special love for melodrama. I want ail tho forces of tragedy, comedy, melodrama, farce all working togethor harmoniously. Each has its place, and different people at different times can gain enjoyment and profit from each in turn. Let's bo liberal and see everything. Only do not let all the theatres be devoted to Ibsen. At any rate I will not recommend people to seo what is foul and nasty. I do not believe that tho people believe in the kind of drama Mr. Archer says they do. I believe TIIF. GREAT MONDAXB MOVEMENT, is in favor of pleasure — pure and wholesome pleasure. Not towards obstetrics and dis section. nhvsical or mental, unou the stare. I have no wish to. stop tho so-called intel lectual peopio from going to sec ' Ghosts ' if they liko ; but I don't believe they will liko, and oertainly I am not going to send them. If they want me to sample their dramatic fare for them I must do my duty conscien tiously. Like a tea-taster or a wine-taster, I tell them what I think will poison them, or give them the stomach ache, or make them ill. That is just the position we dramatic critics are in. We givo them our reasons for forming a favorable or unfavor able judgment, and if the public hold theso to be foolish reasons they will not accept tho opinion." "Aro you 'the critic of the day before yesterday?' " asked our representative, "or do you think you keep abreast of the times bo far as there is development and not decay?" — "I have always advocutod inno vation when innovation has meant improve ment. I was one of the first advocates of any kind in things theatrical, calling atten tion to the merits of foreign plays and foreign players ; and this at a time when I stood almost alone in so doing. I LOST TWO POSITIONS when I was a very young man and wanted them badly, for daring to discuss the French stago, and for combating tho theory that any foreign artist takes the bread out of the mouth of the English actor. "I don't know," continued Mr. Scott, " that there is any material difference be tween Mr. Arciter anil tho IbscniinB and i unuwoio uu tin; uuv IIU.UU tiuu uiybeil on the other, except the following; what- over tho views oi the dramatist, whoiher thoy agree with my own or not, ho haB, 1 contend, no right to use the stage as a propagandist platform, and in doing so to canse pain and offence to any of tho audienco who go to be amused." Here Mr. Scott referred, among other things, to tlto bringing on tho stago of clergy of any denomination in their clerical robes, and at the samo time assign ing to them " business" or language likely to disgust ; also to the objectionable wey in which the stage Jew is most unjustly por trayed in some melodramas. "After your lecture on 'Frea Trade in the Drama,' at the Playgoers' Club, you wero asked by several speakers what you thought about the censorship of plays, but you did not give any answer whatever. Would you mind letting me know your viows on the subject?" " I intentionally avoided being 1 drawn ' with regard to the consorship. I was not going to discuss the subject that night for various roaaons ; but I kcliove in tho consor ship heart and sonl as a kindly editorial power. We all wain editing. Every writer — whether dramatist, author or journalist — is glad of tho suggestions of u capable and unprejudiced friend or editor. Mr. Pigott sends for a playwright, and discusses with him the kind of alterations he would suggest, and ho discusses these always in a most charming way. As a matter of fact, however, the ofiieo of censor is made the more absolutely necessary in present conditions by tho cxistcnco of anti- quatorl Acts of Parliament concerning pub lic amusements— Acts which ought to be repealed. If asked about the office of censor my answer would simply be, reviso the laws that profess to regulate public amusements." " What laws specially do you think re quire revision ?" asked our representative. "The. whole of tho amusomcot Acts want lovising on bloc ; but I do cot know when they will get revised. It is tlto wretched drink question that stops tho way. Mem bers of Parliament have had enough, and more than enough, of the drink question, and they fear to bring up the question of public amusements because it gets tnixed up with that of licensing and drink. I say, let us have freedom and free trade in this as well as in nil other matters theatrical. Sorely it is better, even from tho point of view of tho temperance reformer, to drink publicly and for tnero re freshment, when one cornea to be amused, and whom one would be aohamed of getting drunk, than to go round the eornor and drink in sooret. Thon, again, the music hall only wants further liberty to raiso and , improve itself as it is now doing more and more. The people who patronise tits music hall" — hero ho sectned to speak advisedly of The People — " demand a high-class cntor- taintnont." " How do you account for the fact," asked our representative, "that at the so- called lower class music halls the songs and entertainments appeal to higher and better feelings than those that please at tho West End halls?" "It may bo accounted for in : several ways. Tho modern swell and many ! highly-educated people of to-day haro no | sentiment. They laugh down anything that sounds liko sentiment. Their human sympathies aro blunted, and they actually ; do not understand or realiso one's meaning i who appeals to those, or givos thcin true i poetry like Tennyson's 'Foresters.' On the other hand, in some districts of London, us Poplar, for instance, tho music hall is the tiioatro of tho peopio, and they want sketches, and u quasi-theatrical entertain ment." 