NEEIXLES: " Short, Sharp, and Shiny." She—"It is useless to urge me to- marry you. When I say no I mean no." He—" Always V She—" Invariably." He And can nothing ever change yonr determination when you once make np yonr mmd ?' She—" Absolutely nothing." He "Well, I wouldn't oare to-.-marry a: woman like that." Warm, Sunny. "Cinders." Cyclorama. "Aladdin." A curious case. Banking frauds. " Continentals." ■ Rotunda concert. Napoleon's ghost. "New Australia." London wool sales. An impudent thief. Australian defence. A boat found at sea. A charge of bigamy. Influenza in London. Suicide on a steamer. A destructive cyolone. . Floods in Queensland. Fatality at Goodwood. A child burnt to death. This is St. Frisoa's Day. A letter from Faragnay. Hail to the Fatherland ! Cyclone in the Blaok Ssa. Sudden death at Bowden. Typhoid fever in Victoria. Freezing works in Viotoria. Mystsrioua disappearance at-sea. A pathetio scene in Matabeleland. Another run on Wednesday's Express. No pianos in Paraguay, says Mr. Head. Wednesday's Express completely sold out. Spirited bidding at the London wool sales. Another good crushing in West Australia. The new Duke of Leinster is only six years old. day"*' dn(^e 8a^ed for London yeater Another scene in the New South Wales-bear garden. Victor^arm*11^ increase of typhoid fever in Black SeaS38lS wrecked in a cyclone in the A youth killed by the Southern train at Goodwood. R^bourne!iVeS ^ ™ ^ reamt ^-^7 at a flagellator^"'efc0"an exeCTlt*on6r 1® no good as .I0n5a,i?i8°"rLE°P!ra W*S Pr~l!'ime'1 « wVissri,."M™K" s»"' Forty-two men dispatched to the Happy V alley waterworks. j The Waroonga took 318 people to West Australia yesterday. _ A tri-weekly service to West Australia -was inaugurated yesterday. _ The railway revenue for the week ending on January 13 was £21,433. About time the New South Wales Barlia meat went to the country. — «■ Vw UUD ViUUU-lliy. Queensland pastoralist3 apathetic wiihregard to the irozen meat industry. . Ho and see the enchanted fountain of laugh ing waters at the Cyclorama. Colonel F. G. Burnaby was killed in the Soudan on January 17, 1885. The Pope is apprehensive of an immense political convulsion in Italy. Hairy farms in Victoria are responsible for the outbreak of typhoid fever. Roberts, the Victorian hangman, has got to go into practice as a flagellator. Several homesteads have been wrecked by another willy-willy at Roebourne. Thirty-five applicants for the position of manager or the London wine depot. A general advance yesterday in the prices realised at tb© December wool sales. Heavy rains and floods are reported in the J.ownsviile and Bundaberg districts. The Public Works Department have enrolled the names of 200 men in need of work. The six proprietors of the Emerald Hill gold mine have so far cleared £5,000 each. The Mount Torrens goldfield was opened yesterday, about 50 claims being taken up. All the houses in Paraguay have been com pleted and the settlers are now under cover. Mangin has been found guilty of being con cerned in the Mount Morgan gold robberies. -'-h® Hon. R, O. Baker has resigned his membership of the National Defence League. The Commissioner of Public Works is going to visit the Beetaloo water distriott next week. The total quantity of wool to be offered at the London sales is 270,000 bales of all classes. The New Australians have entered into negotiations for the-purchase of 1,000 head of castle. The New South Wales Minister of Lands was removed from the House yesterday by the sergeant-at- arms. The most successful-sire in Franco during the past season was Perplexe,.whose- stock won £25,21G in stakes. The Hon. Duncan Gillies, Agent-General for Victoria, is to be banqueted prior to his leaving for England. The Hon. Edmund Barton, Q.C., late. At torneyTGeneral of New South Wales, was born'on January 18, 1849. .The Hon. J. G. Bamsay, Chief-Secretary of South Australia, was killed by a railway acci dent.on January IS, 1890. The collection of postage-stamps 'left to the British Museum by the late Mr. Tapling, MP., is valued at £50,000. The Government are doing aQ they can to push on works in hand so as to decrease the number of the unemployed. Mr. C. G. Millar, the well-known railway con tractor, has a scheme which practically solves the water difficulty at Coolgardie. The Victorian Government are going to establish freezing works on the piers at Port Melbourne or Williamstown when they are satisfied that sheepbreeders are in earnest. The New South Wales Minister of Lands, accused of being intoxicated, went for his accuser and was shown out of the House by the eergeant-at-arms. Says Hindle—" Mr. Copeland's drunk." Says Copeland—"Hindle, you're a skunk" Thns Sydney legislators shout Until the Speaker throws them out. An Italian bride and bridegroom imme diately after the marriage service started on a honeymoon trip by balloon, taking with them an experienced aeronaut. While crossing the Alps a hurricane dashed the balloon against a glacier and'destroyed it, but strange to say the occupants escaped almost unhurt. An invention is being attached to hansom cabs in London which saves much needless language. It consists of a dial bearing such signs as "Stop," "Go on," "Right," and "Left," and the fare has only to turn the indi cator in accordance with his desires in order to register the message on another dial in full view of the driver. 