THOU ART THE MAN. BY MISS BRA.DDON. CHAPTER XU. 'GKODGED I SO HUGH TO DIE?" Now," said Sibyl," when she and Urquhart were walking along the windblown path to wards the inn where she had left her maid, "now Mr. Urquhart, what is the first thing to be done?" He was astonished at the firmness of her tone, the air of resolute courage in bo young a girl—a girl who never before had been brought " face to face with crime or danger; a girl who in the circumstances might have been forgiven had she abandoned herself to hysteria and distraction in her own room, instead of being here under the dark night sky, ready to do ana dare for the man she loved. "You must be very fond of him,"hesaid, grudgingly, "or you never would have oome to this plaoe to-night." j , " I am very fond of him, and I no more be lieve that he killed poor Marie"—with the ohoking sound of a stifled sob—" than that I wae walking in my Bleep in the wood, and that this hand of mine killed her. There was some one else—some one who will be found and brought to justioe in God's own good time." " Perhaps; but God's own time may be soon~ enough to prove His omnipotence, yet not to save an innocent man's neok." "I did not think you would caresomuoh for him bs to trouble yourself what became of him. I am eony for having been so mistakeu in you, Mr. Urquhart. I thought you hard and worldly, caring for no one but yourself; but the hour of trouble has shown the best side of ! your nature." . "Ob, onB can't help feeling sorry for a fellow in suoh a fix as that. What you and I are going to do may be a risky thing; but if we can get him off safely—well, it will bealife saved, most likely; for I don't think the j verdict would be anything less than wilful murder. You and I may know that if he did the thing he did it in an interval of aberration; but there is uo evidence to show that he was ever out of his mind, and the theory would hardly hold good with a Jury, or even with the Home Seorecary afterwards." "Nothing would ever make me believe him ! guilty." "Ab, that's a woman's way of looking at the matter. You love him. JSrgo, he can do no wrong. Even in a moment of lunacy there would be a spBoial Providence to keep him straight. Another man—as good a man might give way to an irresistible impulse of jealousy and anger—tho impulse to destroy the creature he loved best in the world, per haps. Such things have been. But no such thing could happen to your lover." There was an offensive tone in that last word which passed by Sibyl like the idle wind. She had neither thought nor care for Mr. Urquhart's tones or opinions. She thought of bim only as she might have thought of a paid servant who promised to be useful in a dire extremity. The road along which they were walking skirted the face of the cliff and ascended towards the village which was a little way in land, and on higher ground than the coast guard station, and lookup—a Jong straggling village of pitmen's houses, with an inn at each end and a rnstio shop here and there. The. honees were better built than most pit men's houses, and the village boasted a work men's club and reading-room and an infirmary, I while about half a mile off, in a rustic lane, backed by the woods which joined Ellerelie, a couple of roomy cottages bad been fitted up ae a convaiesoent bome, where the pitmen and their wiveB and children were provided with rest and care aftsr any serious illness or any accident of their trade. The lookup was away from everything except the coastguard, and the constable's cottage close by. it had no doqbt been found that with the coastguard on one side and the , constable on the other this village gaol was tolerably seoure as a temporary place of durance. " Tell me what we have to do ?" Sibyl said presently. " We have to get your friend clear away be fore daylight. I have been thinking it out sinoe we left him. The only thing to be done is to get him on board a fishing-Braack whioh will land him somewhere along the coast, the farther from here the better. When he ia on board her he can change bis olothea for a spare suit of the fisherman's, whioh can be ready for him, and his own things can be stowed away or thrown overboard. When he sets foot on I land again he most appear as a rough sea going man, whom no one will think of identi fying with the missing gentleman from j Ellerslie. What you have to do ia to get as much ready cash aB you can scrape together— a couple of hundred at the least—and bring it ! to me as soon as you possibly can, I shall wait for you and the money at the Fisherman's Best—the inn at the other end of the village— not the Higginson Arms, where you left your maid. And while you are getting the money I shall be making my bargain wjth the men who ate to find the boat, and trying to secure Coxon, the oodbtable." " I have my own account at the Newcastle Bank. My father-opened an aocount for me on my last birthday. I oan write any oheques you want." "Cheques are no use. The men wouldn't look at a cheque—least of all Coxon, whose conscience will have to be bought. You must get me gold or notes." "It will be difficult. I could only get tbem from father." "Then you must appeal to your father. This is a matter of life and death, remember, and we have only three or four hourB. When to-night is gone our chance will be gone." " I know, I know. Yes, it muBt he done. My father must help me." They parted on the threshold of the Higgin son Arms, commonly spoken of as the Arms, a house with certain pretensions, and which had been known to aooommodatB an occasional tourist —a low, stone house, with a parlour that was the pride of the landlady's heart, and whose chief ornament was a monstrous and stony-looking stuffed salmon against a background of impos sible foliage in a glass oase. Here, in contem plation of a round table, furnieheid with -a large assortment of pious literature, eat Misa Higginson'a maid, Ferriby, yawning dis mally. She started up at her mistress'sentrance. "Lor, miss, I thought you was never coming baok,," said Ferriby, who had been promoted from the village eohool to attendance on Sir Joseph's daughter. "It's past 11 o'clock." " 1 oan't help that, Ferriby. We must make haste home now. Come along." Not a word said Miss Higginson to her maid during the bnrried walk through a lane and aoroBs the field to a gate which opened into Ellerslie Park. It ,was a long and lonely walk under a darkly threatening sky, and Ferriby, with the. vivid .remembrance of last night's horror, felt as if the air were thick with ghosts. They heard tbe stable block striking 12 before they caiiie to the side near Sibyl's rooms, the key of which door wee in Ferribv'a pocket. 'It will be daylight at 4," thought Sibyl; "only four hours." She was glad-to see the lighted windows of her father's office, and to know that either he or hie confidential man was stilldp. "Shall I get you some lemonade and a biscuit before.yon go to bed, thiss?" asked the maid. '.'.You must be dreadfully tired after that long walk." . "Nonsense, Ferriby; you know 'I think nothing of such a walk. I don't want any thing, and I'm not going to' bed jiiet yet. Bnt you can go as soon as you like. I shan't wast you any more to-night." - , " Not to brush your hair, miss1? I should like to give your hair a good brushing. It might be a relief to your poor bead." " No, no. There is nothing amiBS with my head." " Ob, miss, I don't believe there, can be a head in this house as doesn't ache—after what ■we all went through last night," and Ferriby " 'buret into team. Go, go," cried Sibyl, imperiously. "Do you think tears can do any good 1" "They can't bring her back," whimpered Ferriby, "but they can ease an aobiugeart. Let me take your 'at and scarf, miss, at least." "No. Haven't I told you to go to bed? Don't worry me." , Ferriby, upon being thus cruelly snubbed, went sobbing upstairs. She was a year or two older than Sibyl, who. had taught her in the Sunday-school, and whom she adored. Thie waB the first time her yeung mistress had Bpoken so unkindly. " Whooan wonder at it?" murmured Fer ; riby between her sobs, " we're all of us au -'inged." ' > ' ; Sibyl went to her father's door, and found it locked as it had been earlier in the evening. Sir Joseph had been in that room, all day, so far as Sibyl knew. Them had been no family meeting at dinner. Mr. Urquhert had sat at tablealoneunderthesearobingeyeeof butler and footmen, and had eaten according to those attendants about as much of each course as would lie ou a shilling, and yet be looked cool enough, and hardly a bit cut up, said the butler. Grief in tbe servants' ball was more demon strative, but did not show itself in loss of appetite. "Father. I want to speak to you. Fray let me in. It ie about something very urgent." She heard her. father's footsteps across tbe room, with a heavier tread than usual. He unlocked the ddor, and she went in, and father and dauguter stood for a few minuteB looking at each other in the lamplight. Sir Joseph's eyelids were red and ewolleD, his swarthy skin wae deadly pale, and hiB wbolo aspect bore the marks of a complete abandonment to grief, aibyrl put her arms round bis neok and kissed him with compas sionate love. "Dear father, I am so sorry for your grief. I know how dearly you loved her." "Not so dearly as I ought to have loved ber, Sibyl. I made her a dependent in my house—only a humble dependent. That is a bitter thought, Sibyl, now she is gone—gone from us by suoh a cruel fate. My God, my God!" His^hapda clutched distractedly at his hair; he sank'down into the chair where he had been sitting; jv^ejn'Siby] came to tbe door, and the iron-grey head was ' bo'we " -grey head woe bowed over the table, amongst tbe scattered papers which his trem bling hande bad tossed here and there in the vain pretence'of attending to the days business. ' ' "Dear father, you denied her nothing. She Was like my sister. You can have nothing to regret in your conduct toiler. You were ell goodness''^^ " " Youdoh'tltnow, child. Don't talk to me about her. Tt hurts me to hear you talk of her. Tbe blow baa fallen, and I must bear it." "Father, I want yon to answer one ques tion. Do you believe that Brandon Mountford murdered her?' "No, I do not—no, in spite of the damning evidenoe against him. No, for a man of his character and his lineage—my dear wife's race —such a deed must be impossible. I cannot believe him guilty, though every oircum stauceindioateB guilt. No, I believe she wae sacrificed to the malignity of eome ruifiau who had a quarrel agaipet me. " " Against you, father. Why, alk-^j-our men adore you." " No, Sibyl. There arealwayB black sheep. However popular an employer may be, he is never without enemies. If I have been a liberal, easy-going master to good servants, I have been as hard as iron in my dealings with bad subjeote. I have dealt out even-handed justice. I have made examples when they were needed. £ should never have held my own with that rough lot if I had been afraid of letting 'em have it hot when they tried to get the upper band. It'e likely enough that eome vindictive devil etruok at me through her, through ray poor,- innocent girl. Thank God for one thing, there were no signs of a struggle. The villain'e knife took her by surprise. Three swift blows from the savsge hand—no struggle, no time for terror and agony. Death, sudden death—only death."' The large, muscular hands were strained aoross his eyes, and the stooping shoulders were shaken by the violence of bis sobs. " My poor girl; oaught like a Iamb in the clutch of a tiger—but it was death, ewift and Budden. God was merciful. It might have been worse." Sibyl knelt by bis chair, clinging to hiuo, leaning her head against his arm, trying to comfort him by mute sympathy, a love that needed no worde. When the storm was over he looked down at her kindly, but -with a far-off look, as if he hardly realized her identity. " You wanted something," he said. " What was it?" "I want you to give me some money, father; a good deal—at least two hundred pounds, ready inonBy. I can give you my cheque for the full amount. I have drawn very little of the five hundred, pounds you paid into the bank for me on my birthday—but I must have two hundred pounds to-night. in notes or gold." ! ' Her father looked at her wonderingly, but with the look of a man whose troubled brain is only dimly impressed by any:circumstance outside the point upon which all his thoughts are centred. "I don't understand what yon can want with eo much money," he said. " Is it for some one in d ietress 5" , " Yes, for some one in great distress." " Surely to-morrow would be time enough V " No, no, it must be to-night," "How impulsive you are—juBt like your poor mother. There is eome money in that drawer—the drawer with the key in it—some notes that were brought me tbie morning. Nearly three hundred pounds; eome of my Maroh rents. Take what yonjwant and go; I am better alone.. This muddled-hea^ of mine can't stand the etrain of talking to anyone^ not even to you; He row and walked up and down the room, while Sibyl knelt in front of bis writing table and opened the money drawer. The hotea were of various denominations; and it took her some minutes to make up the sum she re quired; trad then she went to tier father, Kiiged him' silently," and left him with a She met f is faitifui Secretary creeping ont of the billiard-room, where there was a solitary lampburning. " You will look alter my poor father, won't yon, Mr, Orlebar? He ii in a sad state of Yes, I am waiting for him. I hope I shall get him to bed presently. He was up all last night. It is killing work for a man of his age. I wish yon could stay with him, Miss Higginaon. You might help to persuade him to take some rest. "No, no, he doesn't want me," Sibyl answered hurriedly, as she went towards the lobby that opened to the garden. She had not taken oS her hat or jaoket. Andrew Orlebar looked after her wonderingly as she vanished in the darkness of theoorridor.' That she should be leaving her father when her presence might have been' useful to him was strange in eo affectionate a daughter. That aha should be dressed for walking at that hour of the night was even more sur prising. While he stood thinking , over her feonduot he heard the lobby door Shut, blown to by the wind which was just beginning to rise,* The door had slipped out of Sibyl's band while she was trying to shot it noiselessly. The sky was moonleaB and starless, and there was a fine drizzling rain falling, scarcely more perceptible than a dew, and it was not till she was near the end of her journey that Sibyl knew the penetrating capacity of that fine rain, but by that time her thin oloth jaoket was wei through. . There waB a light burning in a lowerwindow at the Fisherman's Rest, but the door was shut, and Sibyl stood for a few moments wondering whether she ought to knock when oho saw a bright red spot travelling towards her along the dark road, which proved to be the lighted end of Urquhart'e oigar. " You have been very quiok," he said .as he came to her. "Have you got the money?" " Yes, two hundred pounds in notes— twenties, tens, fives," answered Sibyl, banding him the pnoket. "Capital. You are a brave girl, and you may oongratulate yourself in the days to come upon having saved his life. I have made my bargain with three of the best men in the village. {They have a good boat, and they will land him wherever he likes between here and Tantallan Cattle. They will be ready to start before daybreak. One of them will be waiting on the beach with a dingey. I have mads everything square with Coxon. It wasn't an easy business^ and he is to have half the oash—an exorbitant price for giving the key of the door aqd being deaf and dumb till to-morrow morning. He hae lent me the axe with wbioh he chops bis wood, and when Mountford iB off I am to slip the key under the door of his cottage, where I oan find it in the morning, and I am to knock the door of the lock-up about, smash the lock, and so on, eo as to give the idea of an escape by violence; and now I'll take you to the lock-up, and it will be your business to get Mountford off quietly, and without any Quixotic nonsense on his part, while I look after the men. Stay. You had better take a couple of ten-pound notes for Mountford. He may be without money, aud you'll have to arrange with, him where his goods and chattels are tq^tSa'feent. Ynu can do anything wjth him. ypu sejj.^'You will suoceed where I might utterly. f all. 'Remember, it is a question of life or deathi" " Yes, yes, I know, and yet I may be doing him the cruellest wrong in. urging him to escape. All the world will say he is guilty." " A)1 the world will think very little about him when once he has dropped through. In a obbb of this kind interest and curiositjr. soon die if they are not fed with daily sojaps in the newspapers. When MountftmMua vanished and the funeral is over this tragedy- will be as if it had never been. Here we are at his door. Now, Sibyl, I leave you to manage him. When the men are ready I'll oome aud fetch him. Ho unlo:ked the door and left Sibyl to (to in alone. Brandon was sitting at the table in the dim .light of the smoky candles, his watch lying in front of him. aa if he had been oounting the minutes in the weariness of waiting.. He started up as Bhe entered and clasped her band, and lifted it to his lips. " My darling, why are you about.at such an hour? To think that you should oare for me so muoh, that you Bhould be here in this .wretched hole ; you in the dead of the night caring and thinking for me, robbed of sleep and rest and oomfortfor me." " I shall be better able to rest when I know you are safe, Brandon. I offered you my love yesterday, forgetting womanly pride, reserve, modesty even perhaps. Doyou think I offered myself lightly to a man I oared about so little . that I could stop at home idle and content while he was in the direst extremity? No, you could not think so badly of me. You know that whatever a woman can do I will do —bar the door with iny right arm, like Kate Bar!ass, to keep out your enemies if need were." She smiled at him through her tears, smiled with love so irresistible that he caught ber in hie arms and their lipe met in a despairing kiss. "My God," he oricd, "a man might live and die for one such, moment as this. 'lam content, Sibyl. No matter where I go, or what becomes of me; however I may be tossed about in the tempest of life, cast on whatever etrand, I must still remember, still take comfort from the memory that you have loved me." " And shall always love you, whatever may become of me. But now, be reasonable, cool, clear-headed. And first take this money," giving him the two noteB. "What for?" " Because you may be wandering about for some time before you can get at your own money. And you may not have much about ybu." "The change of a ten pound cheque, of whioh I have givenfa sovereign to my gaoler." "Mr. XTrquhart was right then as to your wanting money?" " Mr. Urquhart is very thoughtful. I don't understand why he should take eo much trouble about me." "It is surely common humanity in him. You and he have been companions and "friends since you came to Ellerslie." "Companiona, yea—I don't know much about friendship. Mr. Urquharb has always impressed me with the idea he has only one friend in the world—the friend who goes under his own hat." " You have no right to judge him so hardly. . Trouble brings out a man's bstter nature. He has been intensely in earnest about yon—most energetio in helping you." " Yes; but why," Sibyl, why ?" " Brandon, are you a oynio? t know be is, bnt I did not think you were an unbeliever in other people's good qualities." " A.n unbeliever; wlien Providence' has' sent an angel aoross my pathway ? No, no, no. my beloved. I brieve there are stray -Spirits from ' heaven who arb'al lowed to loso theirsviiy and' ' flutter rartlirta'rd now and theii in thb'ehjape of lovely andioVing' Women liko you.* :,ButT don't1 believe in the friendship- of Hubert Urquhart. Is it hie money you have given me J" I " No, no, it ia mine." " I am glad of that. " 8he told hifn about the boat, and that all he had to do was to wait quietly till Urquhart: summoned him. The interval was not likely ] to be long. ■ • ■ . . ! They waited longer than Sibyl had antici pated, waited with the rude wooden shutters open to the night eky, which was covered with ragged black clouds tbat foretold windy weather. The wind had been rising ever aince she left Ellerelie, and it bad blown away the soft imperceptible rain, and seemed to be blowing the stare about—only a few . stars scattered wide .apart in the great sky-canopy. "I'm afraid you'll have rough weather," Sibyl said, as she listened to the sobbing swell of the waves on the beach below and the ahrill note of the wind. . " No, no, it won't be too muob, or if it were 1 have not far to go. loan be landed at the first sheltered spot. The boat I am to sail in can hug the shore. No doubt the men know every, inoh of the coast between here and Ber wiok. They oan land me where they like and as soon as tney like.!' "Nottoo near here; remember every one will know you are gone to-morrow morning. You will be hunted for." "Yes, like a hunted animal. A position of that kind does nof^nhauce a man's eense of personal dignity. I am to wear another man's - clothes, to sneak about pretending to be something that I am not. I must assume another man's mode of speeob, try to talkjike a Northumberland fisherman, and must inevitably be found out. My speech will betray me." He was walking up and down exoitedly, with.an air of suppressed impatience. He had promised to do this thing, but he hated himself for doing it. He bad as it were given his life into Sibyl's keeping, but he could but j feel he was something less than a true man in allowing a woman to dispose of his fete. He i could but feel that the nobler, manlier oourse would have been to abide the issue of things, I to wait for the worst man's injustice could do to him, Or, if he.were in very truth a murderer, were it not better to let the law deal with him ? What joy or peace could La ever know upon earth while be was unconvinced upon that point, while in his own mind it was an open question whether he had killed tbie girl. There was but briefest epeeoh during that long hour of waLtibg. Brandon paced up and I down in moody silence. All had been said tbat words could say between those two. The story of hopeless love had been told. Sibyl stood by the open window watching those rainy clouds, amidst whioh the stars glimmered far apart. A sky of evil omen it seemed to her sad eyes. The dark ragged clouds grouped themselves into a funeral train, and Bhe shuddered as she thought of the dismal procession which was to leave Ellerelie early in the coming week. The first funeral which would leave those doors Bince she was old enough to understand the inevitable end of all things human. Inevitable, yes, bub not like tins—not as it had come to her adopted eister. "Poor Marie," ehe thought, "I am eo selfish in my sorrow for the man I love that I have no time to grieve for her. • Grief will come by and by when he is safe—safe but far away—and I have nothing to think of but the friends I have lpBt." . Brandon ldoked at his watch many times during that interval of waiting. Half- past 2 — the first hour gone—3 an hour and a half. " Your friend is slow in making his plans," be said presently. '11 fear you may be missed at home. The whole household would run dis tracted if that were so." " No, there will be no one to miss me. Isent my maid to bed and came out by the garden door, for whioh I have my own key. No one ev-ar looks that door. We are not a nervous household at Ellerelie." Quick footsteps sounded outside, a key was turned in the door, and Urquhart looked "Now, be said, "all is ready. Iiook sharp, lb will be light in ieaa than an hour. Come, Mountford. Brandon paused on the threshold. Sibyl went to him and put her hand in his, simply, confidingly. <*God keep you and shelter you,"ahasaid, " wherever you may go." The words were low and fervent, and had all the earnestness of a prayer. " My beloved, if I get clear out of the trap that fate has set for me I shall owe you iny life; but it will be only a broken life without you." "Come along," said Urquhart angrily. Don't stand talking lovers' nonsense when even a minute wasted adds to the danger. He took hold of Brandon's arm and drew him across the threshold. "I'll come back for you, Sibyl, when I've seen him safe on board." "No. no, I shall:go home alone. I want no one. You had better look the door." "No, stay where you are till I come baok." He shut the door quickly as he spoke, lacked it, and put the key in his pocket. " For God's sake don't leavo her there," said Brandon. " She'll be frightened in that dismal den." "Not she. Yon don't know what a spirit that girl has. I shall be baok in ten minuteB. Gome along. Follow me down the path to the bsacb, and look out for squalls. The track is narrow and rugged, and a slip means death." \- Sibyl was not frightened, but she was angry at being treated like a ohild, looked in that miserable room, with the burnt-down candles smoking and flickering on the dirty deal table, and the rusty grating between ber and the outBide world. Why should Urquhart have prevented her going baok to Ellerslie alone, bb she had oowel She bated the idea of his company for her homeward walk. He would talk to her of Brandon, would disouss what had been done, speculate npon bis future, and to hear Hubert Urquhart talk of the man she loved wonld be hateful. . He had been useful; be had done things .that ehe could not have done with all her ardent desire to resoue her j lover. He had aoted while she had talked. I He bad thestrongeetclaim upon her gratitude, but.ehe did not want hie company to-night. She walked across the room, and, looking j towards the grating, she was startled by 1 the apparition of a face—two f&oes;—peering in at her. • " Who's there ?" she cried. There was no answer, but Bhe heard foot steps souttling off in the loose shingle, and ehe felt assured that eome one had been watching. The thought was not a pleasant one. She knew 'nob how long or how often those un known feoes had been thete. Strange un friendly eyee might have been peering in at '1 her and Brandon eveuitr that one moment of abandonment, that kite,'.which meant parting nriH Hownair. '■ * ' and despair. t ■ -She welcomed'the turnmgof the keyin the lock, and evenUrquhart's company was better than her own vexbd thoughts, "Is he safe!" aha asked. "fie is danoing gaily over the water, in the .Mary Jane, with every thread of . oan'vas straining in a favourable wind. He will be in Scotland before breakfast-time at Ellerslie, and it will be his own fault if he doesn't take' the first Leith steamer that will carry him aoross the North Sea, and make a clean dis appearance." " There has been some one looking in at that grating," said Sibyl, pointing to the window, and then she described that brief vision of two inquisitive faces. "I'm sorry for that," Urqhuart said, gravely. "I am sorry any one in the village should know you were here." Siqyl was outside the door by this time, aud Urquhart was examining the lock before be ginning operations with the hatohet whioh he had brought with him. "I don't like the idea of being watohed, but as to their knowing I am here—I don't think that matters." "Perhaps not, but your villager has an infernal long tongue, and you don't want the whole neighbourhood magging about Mies Higginson and her interest in a poBBible murderer." ..." "I will never admit that possibility; and I don't care who knows that I am interested in him." *' You're a pluoky girl. Now, just take a look round before 1 smaah this look, and tell me if the boast is clear." He had taken off his coat and turned m> his Bhirb sleeves ready to begin work. Sibyl made a rapid circuit of the look-up and oot tage and came back to the door. "AH right?" "All right!" " Then here goes !" He took a screwdriver from his pocket and tried to get the screws out of the lock, but the lock was old and clumsily made, solid enough to have locked a fortress, anil the screws, were embedded in rust, lie could not move them. " I thought as much," he said. "The door couldn't have opened, without violence. Now for a few artistic touches." He hacked and hewod the woodwork round the look, Bending the splinters flying and smashing the worm-eaten panel, which sent out a oloud of dust and rottenness at every stroke. Pive minutes' work made a ruin of lock and jamb. "That will clear Coxon's character," be said,'" and now to get rid of my tools. He ran to the little garden behind Coxon's cottage and disposed of the hatchet and screwdriver under a group of gooseberry-bushes near the back door. Sibyl had walked some little way along the cliff path by the time ho overtook her. " What a hurry you are in !" he said, as he rejoined her. " There is nothing more to be done. You are sure he got off safely." " I saw him oc board the smack. If the wind holdB as it is now he'll be far away north-west before noon." There were ragged streaks of a pale oold grey in the east, and the sea showed faintly livid under that first glimmer of dawo. It was note sky of pleasant omen, and Sibyl, who had beon reared on that coast and knew the signs of sea and sky, saw the menace of a storm. Her hope was that foul woathsr might be Blow in coming, and that the man she loved might be safe on shore before the be ginning of evil. She had nothing to say to Urquhart in the walk back to Ellerslie, and she walked her fastest, partly because of that agitated state of mind in which it was impossible to walk slowly, partly in her desire to eBoape conver sation, but at the door he stopped ber, with his hand upon her arm. "How you must love that man," he said, as if the ejaculation were the result of his brooding thoughts during that silent wslk. "I do love him," "she answered, turning to look at him. "1 am not ashamed of loving him. His father loved my mother before'ever she saw my father's face. Fate parted them. Fate is parting Brandon and me—but I love him, I love him as the best and truest man I have ever known—except my father—or am ever likely to know." "That sounds as if yon bad a bad opinion of my sex in general," said Urquhart with a sneering laugh. "I don't think you are all of you perfect —but I am not going to quarrel with you this morning, Mr. Urquhart, for you have done a kind and friendly thing, and I am grateful." "You will have more reason to be when you find how general the belief in Mount ford's guilt is, and how strong the net which you and I have out through." Sibyl went quietly up to her room, suppos ing that Urquhart would follow her example ; but instead of going upstairs he waited till the sound of her light footsteps had died away in the distance, and then he reopened the door by. wbioh they had entered and went out again into the bleak morning, and away at a swinging pace towards the road that led to the railway station, distant a long three miles. He looked at his watch as he went out of the shrubbery gate. *' Four o'clock. There is a train that will do for mo at ten minutes to 5." 