CHAPTER II. Thora are few sceneB in New Zealand more grandly rugged thumbs Oban Valley, Tara naki, tlio spot where the volunteers had fixed their bivouao on the —4th of December, in anticipation of meeting tho robot MaoriB. Xt was ChriatmaB Kvc, the timo night, a calm lovolv night, with moon and stars studding the dark blue canopy of heaven—as on the night of tho advent of the Master, nearly ninoteen hundred years ago. Tho camp was composed of six hundred rank and filo of the Auckland RilleB, to gether with one troop of Caversham's Horse. The latter had pitched their tents on a small hill adjacent to where the commissariat Btores had been piled and covered over by a largo tarpaulin. Of the Bixty men of the troop, ten of their number had been told off as a guard, under tho charge of Sergeant Exloy. The supnly of grog and provisions are only limited and needed hut one sentry at a timo to keep watch and ward over them. There were six quarter casks of rum standing in a row flank ing the stores. The sergeant called the guard together about the watclifiro and said : “Comrades, I need hardly remind you of tho general order issued this morning. We are under martial law hero in the field. Colonel Bartopp, as you all know, is a very strict officer, and will punish the slightest neglect or carelessness with severity. Aland that, and, above all, remember that any man found neglecting his duty will most assuredly go to the triangles. You understand ?” They appeared to understand very well; they glanced towards tho rum puucheons, and thought tho oergoent a worthy fallow to con cern himself about their welfare. There were others about the tire who did hot be long to the guard. One, a sh°rt, broad shouldered, jolly-looking follow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean than terra firma, if one might judge by his gait and bis conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and while the sergeant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp pot on the rough nose of a magnifioent water spaniel at his side. Tho experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bars-leggod Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with gaping mouth. The boy, who answered to the nom de guerre of “ Sandfly,’’ was one of that gender known as a camp-fag and general knock about among the troopers. He oould speak English pretty well, so lar as lying went, and was withal one of the most mischievous young vagabonds in Mnoiiland. As the night waxed apace, there arose a keen east wind, which made the air biting oold and set the white tents shivering liko so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowline about for somo place of shelter for tho night, found a snug corner beneath the tarpaulin which oovered tho stores, and there retired to rest without more ado. The party round tho fire gradu ally thinnod until only two persons remained seated by it -• Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed between those twain, yet no men were more opposite iu person and disposition. Tho one handsome, gentlemanly, and refined in bearing, bnt weak and yielding to tho verge of pusillanimity. The other ooarse, plain of person, yot obstinate and determined as a bull-dog. How came these two to be friends! Simply through one little act of kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold “ To Eanga,’’ Boh Cable lay bleeding to death outside tho enemy’s trench, from a severe gosh in his side, received during the attaok. The volunteers were repulsed, but at the risk of his lifo Charlie Stanton walked coolly out to tho tronch, and brought in the wounded man upon his baok, amidst a per fect hailstorm of Maori bullets. It was a oallant, kindly aot, and Bob had often spoken his gratitude iu language more forcible than polite. And here they sit by the fire, with tha dog between them, and a small llask of rnm whioh hRB been emptied to the dregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. Presently there is a call for number four of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises hurriedly, wishes Cable “Good-night,” ana answers It is his turn for sentry, and he is marched over to relieve the man posted on the storoB. Silence now reigns throughout the camp, save for tho wild screech of t^o pelew out yonder by tho lake. Sandfly, orouchod under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams, by the sound of voices in the vicinity. The Maori noise lessly lifts one otid of the covering, and peeps forth. Sergeant Exloy is standing with a pannikin iu his hand, talking to tho sontry in ti low, earnest tone. “ Indeed, Charlie, I see no great harm in taking a glass of grog on suoh a cold night. We are not in town, where it conld be easily obtained, therefore onomust get it by stealth. Of courpe, you are on sentry, and can pre vent my takiog any, but I must say a small half pint out of one of these casks would never be missed." “ i’erhaps not," answered Charlie Stanton carelessly. “ Pray do as you pleaEO yo«; havo command of the guard; but I say, Exley, what about that lecture you gave ub respecting General Orders and Colonel Bar topp’s stem discipline ? " The sergeant laughed in a quiet way and replied, “ Wait until you’re promoted again, Charlie, then adopt my plan. One side for the men, the other for yonr friends. Surely you were not impressed with my ouucion. Lord, I feel inclined to roar sometimes at all tho fuss and humbug put forth in General Orders or otherwise. Red tape and bunkum. Bnnknm and red tape, to the ond of the chapter. I'll bet Colonel BartoDD has i not retired to hie toot without 3 skinful of*, s good liquor. Why thou should wo, comrade, s who hove to watoh through the long night 1 in this sharp wind, not wet our whistle,- when t it is here ready at our hand T” ) “Bravo, Exley ! Very wellargued. My 1 orders are to allow no one to meddle with the 1 oommissariat except the quartermaster, hut, l I repeat, you are my superior officer and— there are the casks.” ‘■Good. This fellow here seems a little apopleotio. We will bleed him." 1 “ With all my heart, but how will you do 1 it, through his bunghole ?" oried Charlie, ' laughing." 1 “No! Only a bungler would go to work that way. See here, I hare a gimlet. Now, 1 keen watoh whilo I spile this fellow’s frontis 1 piece.” Clement Exley oast a triumphant look at his oompauiou ere he went down on Mb knees ■ 1 to boro tho rum puuoheon. Had the good natured inconstant dupe seen that look he would havo thought twioe before hobnobbing with the subtle and crafty scoundrel before him. But Charlie Stanton, measuring man by his own standard, saw nothing in it save a good follow iu want of a nobbier, and who bad pluck eneugh to hazard his sergeant’s stripes tor it. Crawling from Isis lair os silently as a ser pent, Sandfly beheld Exley holding the panni kin under a thin etream issuing from one of tho casks. How tho liquor hissed and gug gled os it spouted into the pot. When the utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb to tho hole until the Sergeant plugged it up “ Now, comrade, take a nip." “Afteryou,” said Charlie politely. “The girls wo loft behind us," and the ser geant put the liquor to his lip3, but he did ilot drink any. ' “ I'll give that pledge with all my heart, responded Charlie, iu proof of whioh he -ulmuat ouiptlett fcho'pauninin ot a-draught. It took away his breath for tho moment, but that was nothing, the night was oold. “ What do you say, shall wo refill the gob let, Stanton ?" “ By all moans, Exley,” and the pot was replenished. 111 did not oxpoct wo wore going to have suoh a jolly timo in general," said the sentry, seating Mmself on ono of tho puncheons, with the can of rum between his knees. “ Come, Clem, tuko u sip and pass the decanter. In a short timo the measure was again empty, and once more refilled. The fury spirit was at least twenty decrees over proof, and soon becau to tell on tho trooper. “ Wo must bo cautious, comrade, and not arouse the Bleeping guard," said the sergeant, ns Charlie became rather noisy. “ It is now past midnight, and I don’t expect tho visit ing officer beforo four o’clock.” “ Oh, bother tho visiting rounds—paBB the jsntiikin, Clem.’ “ I suppose you don’t mind my reliev ng you when your two hours are up, jharlic?” “ Not at all. I urn content to remain hero tntil daylight, providing you leave me the 'imlot. Here’s your health, Clem, and may ou liveto boa goneral." ... The Serceant watched him with glittering yes. “Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy,” io said. “I? Nonsense. Hero, hold my carbine ; the lot is empty.” Ono a.m. by the sergeant’s watch, and tlie erceant's companion is growing thick of peech aud rather prosy. In another half tour tho poor dupe is staggering about. The sorgeaut watphes him—watches him all prone down, sight and sonseB gone. Then ixley knows that the bird is snared—the at safe in the trap. The officer of tho night begins his rounds arlior than was expected. At three a.m. be commissariat guard turned out at his ummouB, and was dismissed as oorreot. “How many sentries hove you, Sergeant ixley?" “ Only one, captain." “ I will visit him.” It was usual for two mocof the guard and ;he uon-commisEioned officer in charge to locompany the officer when visiting the sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted the oaptain over to the stores, but, of course, there was no cue to challenge their approach. “ Halt!" oried tho officer, “hows this? Wliero is your man, sergeant ?” he aBked in a tODe of surprise. Before the question oould bo answered the Maori lad emerged from his hiding place and pointed out the dark inert form of the tipsy sentinel, stretched upon the ground fast asleep. A light was brought from the hut and they tried to rouse him, but in vain. There appeared no need to enquire how the man got drunk on his post. .The leaking cask, the gimlet and the pannikin half full of liquor on the ground beside him told its own tale plainly. “ This is a very unfortunate matter, cried the sergeant, with well-feigned’regret in hie tone. “ What ia to be done, air F” “Dono! "Why, your duty, Sergeant Exley, of oourse,” responded the captain. “ Garry the poor devil to tho guard-tent, and put another man in his Btead. I’ll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return,’’ Morning came with its rosy blush, tinging tho hilltops and kissing tho sleeping encamp ment into renewed life. It found Sergeant Exley pacing moodily beforo the guard tent whero his unfortunate victim lay slumbering off the fumoB of intoxication. “Is tMs but the prelude to her dream?" he niuttorod. “Gad, it would seem 80 Hero are the oirole of hills around, bare and treeless, overlooking tho valley. Yonder tho Oban Lake gloaming in the early sun, like & ■ burnished shield. What .morel Shall tho curtain riso to-day upon the first not of the dream ?—the formed square, and the man tied to the triangles? We shall see. Charlie Stanton, it would have been wellhad you or I never seen Kiora Selby. Poor wretch, sleep on. When thou wakest thou wilt see the oat ready: and now to snatch an hour’s rest.” Ho turned into the tent, and at that moment the voioe of Sandfly, was heard calling for' Snap, the retriever, who ran frisking towards tho lad in great glee, and tho pair raced down the hill towards tho tent ocoupied by Bob Cable. (to HE COXTI SUED.) 