(" W. IX TH£ '* Ai:Si tiALtAK JOUK^AL.' ) j The most important hour of the day at Denbioukc House was (5 o'clock—tint is to say, dinner time—rind at the hour named on the evening of the fiver. ty- Srst of Ix ovember, 1873, six -if t!ic usual benders sat down to table. This story has chief relation to two of then:—Mr. Saui Mjnekton r.nd Mr. Edward Coyne. Mr. Moncktori was paying teller at one of the bulks—;i fussy, talkative, dressy man, of appcmching fon v. Mr. Coyne was accountant in p. b'.nHin^r society ottice, and was a disilc, :n. d:;",!v?y goid-lool::r>~ yov>n~ fellow, of about twenty-eight or nine. His manner, however, f,i5 sharp and suspicious, and the slightest umisivil sound made him start. Mr. Edward Coyne wa= decidedly nervou and 0:1 the rti.jht in ouesti?rt deci dedly more nervou.i ih:>.r. u-.usl. At the head of the fuble, with Mr. Coyne, ■who seemed tr. be a bit of a favorite, on her left hand, sat the landlady, Madam ik.pa—a woman of nwny years, b;:: with remarkable eyes and teeth for her i^e. The former were black, and fiery when !.er temper v-t.s roused, and her teeth were a full set of false ensi, quite thirty j-ears too juvenile fcr her ■withered iaws. 1 Let nil sivc yiv: ?. more h"»f. Mr. j Coyne,' said madam, irith a smile intended to be .v.niible, but iriioaa effect was by nc means pleasant. 1 Jfi, think?,' replied Coyne, who seemed to be baiting his foe-:! in •>. greit hurry ; 'I hive not time. I b-ivn to keep -n appoint ment in town at 7. It von hear a noiso iu my room lute, or rather early, 3'Ioiickton, don't be alarnieA—T oxpocr tn be; Into.' ' You are not an early bird at any time, my Lionellaughed tl;: teller ; 'ml, to tell the honest truth. I often wish you at Hong Tvong, for yv.: d--.:i't get tc bed as o;r!at a=? you might at times.' ' Well. I'll try ft) lie r. little quieter to night,! were the fateful words that were, afterwards remembered. ' M?d.im Hops, can you spare me a minute in the hf.I! ?' The landlady got up stilSy, for she iyas somewhat alilieted with rheumatism, and followed Coyne. When she- returned shortly to the dining-room s;h was smilir.j, bat the black eyes were .--hooting fire. 'What do you thin!: he wanted me for?' she asked, turning to Sir. Ivionckton. 'He wants a key for the balcony door.' ' A key for the balcony do or ? Our balcrny door? Has it one ?' ' Oh, ye3 ; but I have never been asked for it before. Mr. Coyne is aware, however, that T-lrck it every nicrht. when I am closing up the house.' ' Did you give it to him, madam 'Yes ; he made a point of-it.' 'What the deuce can he wane of it V ' That's what I wsnt to knovr, unless ho means to come in that way.' ' He couldn't do it.' ' Oh, yes, anyone could climb up by the pillars and the trellis ; that's the reason I'm so careful about locking the door. Of course, you gentlemen see that you; windows are fastened for your own sakes.' ' I'm sure I don't, at ail evc-at.:-,' Mr. Monckton said. ' Gad ! it would bo a pretty how d'y' do if a fellow eo'iMn't !<* » mnurh ful of fresh air into his 'n^droom on * hot night.' 1 Well, sir, you l:ujw what Lur^kirs are as well as I do when there's jewellery about. I taku aj!re my window, I tell you ; but then Pm'aa ?"d l/v!::kon" too. It's different witK Jotihg fiien that can use their fists.' ' If she calls herself a weik, old woman, I'd like to knon where the strong ones are,' growl»H one of the ""ntleman ?= rose fussily and went away. ' She has biceps on her as touyh as her own beef. I wouldn't like to meet her in a dark right-of-way if she had a design to rob me.' ' Design to rob you !' muttered another. ' What do you oil it but robbery to take a man's money for a gentleman's board and half starve yu on hi»«bes 1 f>h«'n the "VI n-ro!"b T !«•»» drolf n-ifli. T hate to: pay the Ing, for it's disgusting to see the way her eye.- ;i -sh and her cb-vn close on tlie 'monish.' Phi ought to be a money-lender ; • she'd 1 a credit to the fraternity.' ' I think Inure is something of Jewish blood in the old woman ; how, otherwise, do you account for such n hrwk nose and such eyes ?' From this it will be seen that Madam Hope was a favorite with the lodgers, but little that troubled her long as fhf could make a profit on them. Mr. Monckton Trent upstairs 011 the first Soor, and looked un easily at at the door (hat opened on to the balcony ere he entered !;:a own room. Denbrooke v.-as a large, square, old fashioned house, with balconies round the front and on one side. The rooms of Jlessra. Monckton and Coyne were in the front of the house, and the same bucony ran under the windows of both. Accczj to this balcony was gained through the door mentioned, which opened off the landing that separated the two rooms. ?.IY. "ilo-icktcr. c-'.'.icd his window, lc-aned over the low sill, aiid looked out. U^He saw, to his surprise, that Coyne was sitting on a verandah chQ'r in front of the window in his room, and the toller sprang over uta uvwi sill u. i jiji.iou liiiii, ' I thought you had gone out, Coyne f he remarked. 'No, but I'm g.iiiit! immediately,' replied ' the other, with a deeper frown than usual on i his face, as- he puffed slowly at hU pipe, and started at the darkening sky. ' ' What on earth do you want the key of the balcony door for ! ' Oh, she told yon, did she Y 'About the key ? Tes, and it lias puzzled me.' ' It's puzzling me, too. Monckton, c.in you keep a secret V ' I'd rather not have the re .punsil/ility of trying,' replied Monckton,; dryly—' unless Indeed,' he added, quickly, as he saw the disappointment in Coyne's face—' unless I could serve a friend. If I can help you in any way, dispose of mo ; I believe I am as honest as most men,' ' Honest!' repeated Coyne, with a groan. ' Yes, Monckton, you can serve me. I must confide in someone, for I feel the strongest premonition that I am goincf to die. i\'o, you need not shake your head or doubt my sanity. I am able to reason as well as you are this moment, yet I feel a dreadful certainty that I am going to die, and before I can right my self in the eyes of the world. I must tell you, Monckton—I must!' - ' 1 XJ0, ^lie 11 ; LJLit, 1UL' iltiivcli a fcl»h.o i get i hat pftiff" out- of yom* head about dying-.1 Wo ! cuow, of course, thai all mun'die, and that nany men die suddenly ; but you are in lealth, and, as far as one can judge by ap pearances, as unlikely a subject for sudden leath as anyone I know.' i:xNeyci^-judgo by appearancea,'-, moaned Coyne, as he tossed: his- cigar ~over~the balcony ; 'you would judge by appearances that I am an honest man, yet a burglar who risks imprisonment for a trifle of money and jewellery i3 honest in comparison with the man who is speaking to you! Monckton, I had laid all my plaus'to bolt this night with a large sum of the society's monej ; and it is in there !' I The young man had partially; turned, to intimate witli his hand that by ' in there' he meant in hia own rooia, and when ha did so Ivlonckton had noticed the open Window. ' Pray be cautious, Coyne ; your window is open, and you are speaking loud. I hope vrhr.t you have be:!1, saying is some liMhici nation but, at all events, it need not be over ' It is no hallucination : I wish to God it rtras !' was the reply. ' But there ia no danger ; my room door ia fastened. I can sab now what a madman I have been since this conviction that I a,n doomed ta sudden death has taken possession of me. Let me tell you how it w.u, MonckUm, lor I ice: ua if 1 should clioku before the story is told. I ii.i vt; fallen dciiply in lurfc with ft girl sihoai my friends would not receive, though who is worth a thousand of them, and is devoted to me, unworthy as I am. I have been leading a sort of a hand to nourh exjs:ence, fpi-'-d.os overv penny—before I e-trued k, iu fae..,^ui'l I raw no hopo of juarryin.? wy.poor Aiulie \- i,. . x ~iut :r.v iwj'l-- to the luiul? ol the c-'-iety. I needn't ^:iy ^Je dovil t.o-.nptod ml G'ad: 1.»;y readily every mui says ihat when he riolda to his own evil inclinations. I i,;inpi.ed myself and when the opuor U:::ii.y c:\n\o I took it. I know th.it a J.'u-ge sum would bo paid into the u.Ucn ic-day, 'lid J planned Ic eloya with my da.r«ing this very night. Kos; you have the stov , Monckfccn ; isn't it a credible one ?" ami the unhappy young imai threw t:p his hands uespnirhigir. 4 it 13 not too late, Coyna—let me urge you ' t m .-v.. ' I have made up my mind not to do this will i ii-.m- 7. f-cf.5 templated it, save you. And you would not. Lave l:::ov:n it either if I bndn'f- bonn oppressed with the conviction tlmt .so vne evil is going to happen to 111c. I want to lei! you about this money, Monekton, so fcliaf;, if anything should happen to mo when I um out, the society may as least get back its own.' ' You are gains out then '( Wouldn't it bo refer for you to remain in your room until you carry the money back to-morrow morning V ' I must go ! Haven't I told you I was to clop 3 with llelio this night 1 I must meet her io say I cr.::ujt go !' 1 Io a tie iu iu'iS ufi^ir—dots s>3ie know V Monckton asked, hesitatingly. • ' No ! Good heavens ! So you think I aiu altogether mad to trust my futurn to a v,oman who would do that V ' let you v.ould let her trust hsr future to —you ? Coyne's pe.is faco flashed a litlJe, as he suid bitterly— ' Th-it is hard but ju?t. I v.via going to do it, but. I have told you bstter thoughts have pisviilou. Poor girl! She believes me hampered in money rru- tBr3; and in debt, ptrhaps, but no mure. To-night I inu^l un ciu'joive her, and I wane to toil you of chat tr.cncrt- in my room. It ir. in my travelling ii-uuk at thu liucid of the bed; there arc six hundred pounds in gold, and one hundred one pound notes. They are in the small leather hand-bag I carry to tho office every cV.y, and ' ' Si^p !' snid Moncktcr., in a. low lone, a; he moved sc aa co loo!: over Coyne's shoulder through the open window behind hhu. ' I thought I heard some movement. Are you coit\»in you lacked your door ?' ' CerLaiii i You may bs sure I v.'as par tijuiiu- ni taut.' . a he teller beat uvol uiio sill, so that he could see the door, which s>i.Biue;l to ui»ii at fii-at to bo just a liitle open; but, bending still further into the roy.a, ho lit." d'.at it \i\i5 chut. 'Yen didr/t have tl:o key in the door, CoyneT 'No; I have it .n my pocket.' While spe.iking Moncktou had hurried to the door of cho biicony and opened it. 3Ia«iaai \ras coming up the last steps of the s>ir.:ra «ith a lotlci- in her Hand. ' I forgot to give you thij v/hcii-.ycu ctrne in, Mr. Moncktoiv Bhe said; ' but I thought yon had nor g^ne cm*. Hps Mr. Coyne cone ?' ' jS ot yet.' 11:i! send up Ann to tha rooms presently,' slie intimated, tremulously and with short bic.iths. ' Fargh ! how old Fm getting; I lose my breath entirely coming up a few steps !' And the old woman turned and wont down tha stairs agt*m. Moncktoa ro closed the dooi-. ' What a horrible voice that old woman has,' Coyne said, with a visible shudder; 'her eyes are matched by a voice that is full of treachery.' Monckton laughed. ' Yon aro ail out of sorts, Coyne, and I do not wonder at it. If you follow my advice, you will take a good dose of antibilious pills to-night—after you have said your prayers.' ' I will promise you the prayers, eld fel low,3 was the serious reply to the jocular re mark; 'no :uv.i need* tliom more; but I won't piouiiae thu pills. And, now, let .ne add a. few words'—aud Coyut took an empty en velope and bit of pencil out of his pooket as he spoke—' I am going to write a few words on this bit of paper, which you may give to mc tu-mviro ,7 morning, uarcad, if I am 1 living.' ■I friau to 4JO0uttes§ ?S2 wouWo'^tolJc that way!' cried Monckcon ; 'you ate giviug me the horrors. I hope you're nob con ioiaph'.iiug suicide, Coyne ? Surely you would not be so mad to try and escape from yourself in that way ? If I thought that was your object, I would give you in charge within Svc minutes.' ' I swear to you I'm not thinking of such a think,' was the earnest reply. ' The feeling I have is a sort of warning ; but I will try arid shako it off, Monckton, and go. Will j „u take ike h&sd; of a dhhcr.ost r/.r.i: V And he held out a trembling hand as he met ilonckton's eyas with a wistful look. ' I will tube the hand of a mar. who has n-.iic.nr.fid aim is dehirmhied to tuvn back from the evil he contemplated. God help you, Coyne ! I am sorry for you. But it will be well yet with you I trust. Will you bij iatu i' ' I do not think so. I had intended to climb up the balcony—T have done it before,' hs added, with a faint smile. 'That was the I'oasun I wanted the key. My idea was to return to the money and got out of the house the same way, so that no one would see me ; but all that is changed now. I shall go and return by the front door.' 1 You have your latch-key ?' ' Yes ; good-bye old fellow. Your sym pathy hat relieved me alrfcudy.' ' I will keep a watch on the room until I hear you return.' ' A thousand thunk3. I will not stay cut one minute longer than I can help.' Monckton did not go downstairs again that r:;~ht. lie supplied himself ~ith his meerschaum, and put a bottle of liyijt wine and a gliab oft the ledge of his o»n open window, and he drew a lounge so that he could see both Coyne's window and the door of his room through the balcony door, which no laslcilod Oauk OpCH. It was r-fter 8 when Coyne left the house, and Monckton enjoyed the lovely, clear, summer night on the balcony for a couple of hours, though much troubled for the unhappy young man's confidence. Coyne had not been a general favorite, but Monck ton, a good-hearted man, was sorry for the young fellow, and was sorry for the girl who wis to meet with so great a disappointment —a disappointment certain to be a bitter one if her lover fully confided in her. | Almost immediately on Uoyne's going away the housemaid, Ann, camo upstairs to pay j her final visit to the upstairs rooms.. She : entered Monckton's, and lie.spoke to her through the open window. She tried Coyne's door, and finding it locked,said so to Monck ton who watched hor through fcho opon balcony door. 'Yes; Mr. Coyne has taken the key with him,' he said to the girl. ' I don't think he wants anything done to his room to-night.' And Ann went downstairs again. At perhaps half-past 9 madam came up the stairs, carrying her chamber candlestick in her hand. ?.Iadam slept on the same flat as Monckton and Coyne, but her room was to the back, and instead of coming towards the balcony she had to turn to the right on t leaving the stairs, and go along a narrow pas to her rom.) iajajodlafcaly on this occasion, liowevci', fox', iduiag ill'. J'lor.ciitcn, loung ing aud smoking in the moonlight, slie went to the balcony door and spoke to him. ' Is that -where" you are, Mr. . Monckton 1 I thought you had retired, for you are a sensible, early bird, like myself. I am going t'o'bed; for l am tired out. TriliTery soon be neccssary for me "'Jo givo'up the gentlemen, for though I have "been very for tunate in them, and they give very littlo trouble, there i3 a good deal of supervision required—more than my old boiies" cari manage.' ! ' I notice that yon allude moi'ejfrcquently to your age than you used to do, murium,' re turned Monckton, as ho regarded;the sturdy figure with the slightly-bowed shoulders, the strong, hard hands,: and the almost fierce black eyes. ' I suppose you feel ageing, though you don't show it. May ;I ask how old you roally aro 1' 'Oh. oevtrtiply, sir; I r.m i<>6 old to bo squeamish nVouo lotting my ago be known. X am in my sixly-eiyhth year.' ' \ou surprise mo ! You are a remarK r.blo woman for your years, certainly. I thought you wore ten, at least, yiiaTa joungiM* 'An i'l felt young until lately, Mr. Monck tou; but I reel myself breaking do,vn all r.t. ojioc, us It were. Vi e caa't 'vat- for over, you kuoiv. Vv'oll, jiOuJ-iiiglit, sir.' ' iHOilCXlOM .IS lil? vr.itchcri the old dame moving down her pas sage, looking cirtriinly more uncertain of step .u.cl boivad than usual. ' What rc murk.il'le phyaiqua she lias for 'hoss years ' 1 ciui auu a power of strength yci in those arm muscles «f hers, and as for Lev grip, her tivrs"''- •"■~c like 'rTi.' In r.her.t another three-quarters of an hour ?tlmicktcn hcr.nl the iron gate of the front «arduji click, t.ud then a step «n flic gravel as ho saw the tiaurc of youny Coyne corning through the moonlit patches and shadows of the ^.irdcn. Mrnckt;»: drew ti lony breath .if r.iic-", for, ;ilrafi'.yh ho had 'r.aclc lijht- of Coy;<o's fiu;...i-it:iua fears, i&«;y cffcctcd hi:/: in spite of himself, and he was glad to eco Coyne )nounv tht< stairs with ™ light foot and r-ppn-r.ch him.' ' I'm afraid l'ro trespassed on your kincl ne&:<, HIonoktOH; but Tcouldr'r halp it.' ' You're not lute; it'a only half-past 10 or so. JJut I'm glad to see you back for all thst. T)\i vou r,s? the h2y V 1 Oh, yes,' and the reply was accompanied w!r'> 'i w'r ' ni.-l T «i.inp n ol«n hren<<t of it-. Th.iT>!>-. G )d ! shs '.-as not hro-d on mo; she is us true as gold. I won't keep you longer, Monclctcn; and lhani: you over and over extended Laud was cordully clasped. Don't forget ihe prayers, my boy,' Moiieklon said, n.3 he Entered the door of his own room. 'Do not be afr.tid—I won't forget. Good night.' Coyne fumed to speak the words, and for an irrfsnt his ncr friend sw his pale face— a i'.zi to be r-nuembered fbrcuqh all l;i= i-i;cr life. Thua llio youagee uiaii to put his key in the door. Monekton re called afterwards how noiselessly it seemed to turn in the leek. Aa a rule Mr. Moncktoii was a good sloeper, bus c:. iliat ni^ht he slept but brodsuly. When he v.*i;s eoauo: U-bly ensconced Im-»Iro think of tho temptation yutwiliiiii Covns's rcneh, and to wish he had proposed to remove *he money out of his room. Sup p:se th-it a reaction, should teke place, and Or.j-no ohcuU ab-uulon his good resolutions ? Sup^oie that ho ahould arise, r»-dros3 him Ktlf. and yet out of hb nindov.-' will; tiiu spoil thai h«tl tempted him 1 And then Jforck-on fanc'id ho heard r sjijrht noise as of -,>icoo of furniture bc-::^ softly moved. Monckton hid not reachcd this stags c£ liis fears without several naps, some of tliem lon-jur thin hs Lad guessed. Ac the faneieu noise in Coyne'srccni, he struck?, match and lct-kc-c1. at Lis Tatc'i, it T.ra=i half-pass 3 o'clock. Ho l'GLO quietly, slipped oil his dni3.ur.g-go\vii, opsued his door with the greatest caution, said looked across the pas sago t:?."ardo Coyne's room. There was the fniiiLunl lino of liiikt escaping from under the IX'Mf. CuyUO, Lllivl, aii.nc. Monckton was very uneasy, yet blamed Lluijtii for klsi ii^.oisi:;css. 'I Live no buiii.oci iuturfarin^,' he thoughi; 'and i'. it ju&t; pi"---:;bk tk.it T my get my?df into trouble by doing no. I kid b;tf?.r hr.ve r.otli'ug farthev t.o do iho affair. If Coyne should abtccnd, and I be found hunt ing him up ami tikepherding him when the mwiifcy Li in his possession, I may bo s3tdor.'U as a companion in the robbery.' And so tldiAii.g, he got iato bed again,1 listening in tently Cor sounds of Coyne's uwve-mentj. And tea miuutos later he hoard something Hi«t' l'o ro"Vl nnr for many .1 day understand. The sound vras as if of a garment or a hand bag passed along the wall outside his door. A; 2«t ho thought it was the hand of Coyne searching in the darkness of the passage for his <?ocrirny, bat ss the sousd £ns?od on and coassd, ho dccidcd that the hand orgaricent, wa3 kept closs to the wall, as if the owner Veto snd&avoring; so find the .stqinvay. When MoiickLoa tai'Uiiu ovar, with uio ueteriniiiu tion of going to sleep, it was with the almost certainty that poor Coyne had succumbed to tempt&tiou;, and hud gone, doubtless with the money iu kii potitiMuion. It aid not, thArofore., surpriso him to find himself alone with the madam on the follow ing morning at the brcakfast-tribla. Usually Coyne and he, whose hours of business were later than tho others, broakfn,;.fed together. The old TTOjtttn seemed very shaky that morning, as Monckton notfcd when she hnrA ih'm .'.i- <vr?s,; h- pr.fd little at.. I Lautiuu to tho ImCl in his preoccupied mcuc. j ' llr. Coyu« ii. Utc this t-oi-ui£.A,'rt!ic Itud lady obse*v<»d. ' Xb he up, uo you know, I Mr. nfouekton ?' ' I do not kno-r; 1 haven't seen him.' Tile answer was,abrupt, and madam leaked a little wouderingly at her boarder. The fact #ae t'uni, «r«*ding the iuquiry sure to fjifco piaoe if Cnyne had levanted, Mbnckion wrs ^ienriinsd to know nothing whatever of h:::: CI-rvr ppdenth! raotivc~._ ' Perhaps I'd better send Ann to csu mIP; madam said; 'ha way have overslept himself. Vtras he lftto lr.it night V 'I'm 3«ro I don't know, madam. I will tremble you for another ouu of coffee.' ' Something ha? upset you, Mr. Monckten, I'r.i afraid,' thu old d&tno; said, with a grimace Lhut showed all licr false young teeth, and k;r !c;!z like a rcjawr-aied cjrp;c. 'I'm Afraid Mr. Coyne was late and disturbed you coming iu. 1 must Mr. Coyne about it. Auk, go up .aid knock at Mr. OoViib's door mull you nrakeii iiim, if iio's asleep.' U iio was r.3lecp ! Surely lie was sleeping soundly, making no response, though Ann liii'juLcci tii*io liuj i*u i.iu uour until tlu; whole house resounded. The sweat broke out oa Monckton's face as ho thought he kai'.v what w.vj coming. Coyne's room was uiv.p'y; tho absconder had Ilcd with lii3 booty! 4 Eo cannot, surely, be in his room,' the ' old woman said. 4 That girl is disturbing the whole house, I see you have finished, Mr. Monclcton. As you return to your room will you kindly call Mr. Coyne, or if the door is open, go in and see if he is ill ?' ' I"7o, raaJuiii, I will not ' I will liars nothing to do with Mr. Coyne. I would not go into Mr. Coyne's room for a hundred Madam stared at Mr. Monckton, who had risen from the table and was glaring angrily at !ii- lajidlad". "cnditcii's r.::~cr niostun uau.'il to hits avail leuipuramunl, tvas provoked by kutfiiiird to liim uli attempt to forco upon him a oonnection with Coyno's affairs. He looked so ."trp.ngnly at Madam Hope that she shrank from his eyes. ' x ueuyom' paiuuu, oile Sutiu, *,vitu tr^ino liug lips, and trembling hands, too, as she tried to raise herself from her seat at the tabls, '• thouali I don't know bow I have offen ded you, Mr. Mouekton. I thought you and Mr. Coyne ware great friends. I'll go up myself.' I As she left the room the teller followed her slowly, feeling very much annoyed with him j Eelf for allowing his outbreak of temper to J be so plainly exhibited. As he reached the head of the stairs it was impossible for him not to both s»e and hear what was passing at Coyne's door.' ' I uon'u tliink Mr. Coyne can be in the room, ma'am,' Ann said; ' and the door seems locked.' ' Go oni 011 Iks balcony and try the win dow,' said madam. . <* 'The winflowlg a little bit open, ma'am, and I peeped in. I'm almost sure that Mr. Coyne i3 in bed. I can see something in the bed at a?l events.' ' Then he most be ill, or something wrong. Go up to the oorner and bring in the con stable on duty—thero is nearly always ono thero. Don't lone one minute Ann !' ' If the window is open, why not open it widsr isid speak to Cjync ?' M.>iiektonasked. 1 The baa is close :o the w'.udov.'—you could almost touch the occupant from the balcony. 'No, sir, thankj^ou. I am getting uneasy; I would K'ltii now til! an officer comes. Why did you say that you would not go into the rcom for a hundred guineas, Mr. Monck to«?* ;ind tho woman fixed her fiercc, black eyes suspiciously on the lodger. ' No gentleman would intrude on another, liirtaiViVy'^ie rfrpVIed/ r.noiiiily and somewhat • angrily; ' and no gentleman, I may add, cares to be made a sort of errand-boy by his land lady. ' If, however, fchero was anything wrong, of course it would be a different nff,lin I will'go through the window, if y°" (T1's'1- , ' No,' the old woman said, coldly, though her usual tremulousness was apparently 111 creased. ' I am uneasy; I would rather wait for the cfficpr.' _ She hud notions to wait lhe eonslablo on duty No. ilGO—was coming up the stairs, two steps attime, as she spoke. ' What is the matter hero ?' ho asked. ' Wo don't know: wo ein't niako the gentle man hoar, sad his doer in locked.' , 'There is no key in tlio lock,' said No, 3G5, as he looked through the keyhole.' 'No, bill the window 011 the balcony is a bit onen.' ' Why didn't some cf yn go in, then V ' XVc—v/o—didn't like.' ' Humph !' The man went out to tho balcony and pushed I ho wi lido h jgfccr up vitli aloucl noise. Hia sic.p«r were now hoard within tho room, and a Icoy ni fit ted in tha k>ck inside. When it was turned thi-. constable opened the door only enough to put his head through. ' You'd better go downstairs, you females..' he naiu. 'lain the hndLuly,' the old woman r.u awei-cd, her witharccl faco ahuosc as white «vj fvn* falsn retu-Ji, 1 aiul I liavo a ripht to know if anyt hing is wrong in ray house.' 'All right.' the oflber brusquely replied: ' the m.'.n i-i bed i.i de:id. You and the -girl Had bailor go!, out of the way. Come in here, sir, if you please.' 'Dead!' The ivord *r?.s uftcre-1 by A nr. with a«liric.k, and hIk ikd downstair?, utill shrieking, and J Madam Hope grow rigid almost a1.; dpat.h itself as slio ttsllii'ctl as'tinat the against tho wall. With a subdued oxclnmation of horror, Moiicktoii followed tho policeman into tho room, and ths door v.*a« closed and lockccl upon them. Madam gasped ua one in a swoon comma; ijaoic to iue, i-a.a, wicii nei' Iijks^s o".t before b»v, (ot'-prod to Hie stairs. Monckton turned to the beet and saw poor Coyne-lyiisii upon it. undressed, and with .'in exyresi-fon of cut! on agony hardened into his fnce by death. He was lying upon hi? back, wich on? hand thrown out and clev.chcd, and the other stiffened up against his neck in :i grip that clutched a small phial. There was a sensible hik! not, unpleasant perfumo in tho room, end as No. 305 drew back tho bed clothes from tho upper part of-the..body ho shook his head. ! A clear case of suicide,' he said; ' and he's been dead for hours. Now, -what drove a young mfi to face hi? Maker in th°.t awful way, T -.vender? Lovd, t'.:oro bo qucar things in this world T Monckton shook his head; lie couldn't speak. He was thinking how sadly he hud misjudge d the poor fellow ia thinking his. repentancc short-lived. It hr.d boon so terribly in asrnost that he could not bear his own knr.v,-ledge of his sin, and had hidden from it in the embrace of death; Had he all the time determined on this step 1 Were his pretended premonitions of evil but ro prepare ht-i friend for what ho had. deter mined on.? ' As, with r. fierce shudder, lio turned from 'the aw'Iul there was a sfc'r.rp- knock at tho door, p.nfl the constable wonr to open ir. c.Vuticurly. Outside was stpiidwg Mr. Gregory Marsh, a gentleman - well known in business. Jicibourne, and" chiuinmn of the directors of tho building society by which Coy no had been employed.' -- 1 T think I have a special interest in this matter,' thin gentleman replied to tho do marring 3G5, who viewed tho stranger with •suspicion.- 'I havo just comu to hunt up Coyne, and thev toll mo downstairs that he is dead.' ' A- uw..d r.o r. o."-n.. il, tvu£ the cor: stablo's cool reply, and ho permitted Mr. Marsh to out?--; 'he h.u committed- suicide.' ' Unfortunate you::;; man !. _ "What a ter^ riblo IhTij.'! It would have been bettor fot him to h?.yp faced ns than death. ' Wh?t was wrong ?' 'We hope that nothing is wrong; but a sum of seven hundred, in gold and notes, was paid into our office yesterday, ami Coyne's receipt given for it. The money has not, beers placed to our accounly'Hnd it is not in tho safe. When ho did not turn up at the usual time thb inoiniug we were afraid he had absconded.' ' So he has,' muttered 365. Willi his face damp and pale, and hui hand holding to the back of a chf.ir : for Hup port, Mr. Monekton heard all this in terror. Had he better tell whafc hart passed betwemi him nnd Coyne 1 At the risk of being blamed and cross questioned, and badgered, should ha tell ;.li he knew or hold his tonyua ! For the sake of claaring, as far u!possible, the memory of the doad he must toll! I ' Coyne brought that seven hundred home here with him last night, Mrl Marsh,' .ho explained, i:i a low tone; 'and ho told me it was in tho little black bag ha ubually carried to the office, ana in that portmanteau at the .foot of hi? bed. i 4 Thank heaven !' csclaimed the director. ' It would be a sad loss to us,' and for the poor young fellow's sake, I am glnd it was not as we feared. The keys are in the porfc I r.e?.' Mr. Marsh drew the portmanteau out and lifted tho li 1, for it was imbeked. The j small black leather bag was tib one end, j among some odds and ends of clothing, shut, j Marsh lifted it, and shook his head. ' Thc'rc wnr, six hundred in gold,' he said. ' There is no weight here;' and when the bag was untlaspcd it was found empty. 'Did ho tell you how a: v, as tied up V asked Marsh—'if it was in a bag or a par cel?' ; I JNo, JL cannot recall tnati ne am. jio mon'c'aiiCfl rne- ZZr*x h»ndfd inS<>M and one hundred one pound lioces, uTlfl no said they wore in the hand bag, that was all.' ' 'They pre gone !' 1 It will 1)2 as well to search the room, suggested 30;5. ' M-iybo he has it in the bod v.'ith ' I will not have the body touched,' Marsh ;.:'iid, with d.-eir.io!:; ' there in i'emo mystery hers, uud we must h&va; the detoclives--in. Lei it be your busines.-! to ^-uai-d ^ie -Vi>ow, constable, while I report the matter and gel help. Per/iaps yuu will accompany me to the police-office, Mr. Itloncklon T Lioiicl:ton eoi.ld not refuse, though he went very unwillingly, seeing before hiin no end of trouble and responsibility as a result of the unhappy confidence Coyne h.id placed in him. Once at the office, he told, an well as he could remember, everything thr,t had passed between Coyne and himself about the money. 'Ton do not know the girl Coyne was to have eloped with ?' asked the inspector. ' ISTo; I was not acquainted with any of Coyne's friends. lie called her some dimi nutive like 'Nellie,' but I could not be cer tain it was that. If it is of consequcnco I suppose the name could be ascertained from his family.' : ' His family aro in Adelaide,' said Mr. I Wnv-fli. ' We will find out, no fear. I will send up about the matter at ones. ' And X suppose,' asked Monckton, ' I can go to bttsinera f ' Oh ! yes; we shall not want you until the inquest. You are teller at the Australian ?' ' Yes. I shall, of course, bo homo to six dinner.' It was a wretched day to Mr. Monckton, and when ho got back to Deubrook IIou.su it seemed to him that a visible shadow hung over the dwelling. Madam Hope sat in her usual place at dinner, and attended to her usual duties. She had dressed herself in black, and even in his own perturbed state of mind, Monckton noticed that her hands were more shaky than usual. Her voice partook of the tremulous motion of her head, and the wrinkled, haggard faco was pallid as ashes. i 'Itlias been a trying day for you, madam, I am afraid V Slonckton remarked. -. ! 'Oh, awful! Have you heard anything since morning V and the old woman's glitter ing eyes glanced queerly at Monokton. - ... 'Heard anything? No. Do ynu mean anything fresh about Coyne ? Was there anything to hear V ' Alas ! yes. Tiio detectives have been making such t to do, and it seems now that they do no! think ho committed suicide.' ' Not committed suicido V 'No ; thoy say murder,' she whispered, in a 3h(vky voice, ' They think he has keen ! murdered for the money. Tho window was ' What nonsenses! Why, ho had ll»° poison bottle in his .hand !' ' They say it has been placed there after his death. Oh, it has upset mo so . an old, weak woman liko mo ! ;^n' pour mo out a drop of brandy ^he sideuourd, and bring it to me.' . • ' AmHiorois xhat- fool of a girl going to forfeit her month'3 wages to Isaveimmediately after dinner !' continued madam, refreshed •by the stimulant. As if—an if people did not die in houses every day ! Wo have turned the room inside out—Mr. Coyne's room' (her voice grew weak at the name', and she shuddered as she placed the empty glass on the table), ' and a foreign gentleman has, fortunately, taken it already. I am so glsul, I was afraid that this would ruin my house ; that no one would remain. Aren'lj you glad the room will not be empty to-night, Mr. Monckt-on ?' i 'Glad?' ! ' Wouldn't you be afraid to sleep in tho room so'near ' ; ' Afraid ! What should I bo afraid of? If it lias been murder, lot Uie murderer bo afraid. I did not do it!' ' ' How strange you speak, sir! Ycu frighten me, Mr. Monckton. It seems I am uf'fc the only one upset by this terrible1 business. Oh, hora ia tho foreign ctentleraan ? Mr. Iilouckton, —- All, I can't prononnco your name, air. Will you please to take this ' My nauio is Chandmaiii/ the new arrival said, with ft pronounced foreign ascent, as ha took possession of the offered chair. lie wan a slim, wiry-looking person, ferret-faced, ar-1 afleclx.d in m.inuci' and speech. 'I unc.iirstnudi our rooms arc J.fHfot.hcr V he uddtv,, bowing to Atr. ?»fonck ton : ' I hope wo shall be good neighbors, as we have !>. balconj* in common.' 'Mr. Monckton is very fond of the balcony,' remarked madam; 1 hohalf lives in it during 'the summer. TVhat is it, Ann V ' A girl from Mrs. Naylor's, after my plrxc, ma'am. She is in the h"!l. And, oh, ma'am, I hope yon will t^ike her, f:ir I can't, and won't, stop a night moro in .this house !' ' Gr> and frc-fc ready to Ip-ivo at once, }"on fool!' madam cried, angrily, as she rose. ' I liopo, indeed. tlie girl will suit, but; if she dot:sn!0, all tho same, you can go I It's enough to give one the horrors to look at ronr f-'iit'O f??" !' ' As far as white faces go, you needn't talk, mi'iim !' tho !?irl said, inertly; 'yours haa bean as white as the dead man's all day! Perhaps, if the truth were known, you nro move afraid yourself tlr.n I nr.:, Madam Hope, as maybe you have more occasion to bo!' And the speaker flounced out of tho room.' Madam stood a moment, horrified, as it fK-nmed, nnrl then she tottered to tho door and closed ii behind hor. Mr. Chandniain lau»hed softly. ' That girl has tho courage of her opinions, at all events,' he observed. ' How very im pertinent the servants in this country are. You havsbcr.n p. conaidc-rr.blc time an inmr.to hero, Mr. Monckton V 'Two years,' replied Monckton, as he pushed away his plate; ' but I do not think I shall be much longer—this awful affair will cloud the house.' ' Ys>, I suppose so; but, an you may guess from fc'10 fact of my choosing the suicide's room so immediately on his death, I am not nervous or superstitious.' ' I shniiirt g*r.ner so. . Meanwhile Miriam Hope had gone to the room whoro the new girl awaited'her—a tall, young person she was,-with the palest face and the 'biggest grey oyes; She wore deep mourning, and had a'at.artled look of pain in her face that madam noticed and rendered at. - " 1 xou come after the housemaid's place V 'Yes, ma'am; I was sent by the lady at the registry office. This note is from her.' Madam s.>t down, and put on her spec tacle to pornro tho note, and then lifted up her black cyer, and scanned the girl sharply. ' You are not very strong, I think.' ' Oh ! indued T am ; very strong.' ' You have had trouble-of some sort lately, I'm suiTO c.f it. Whab l-uhtirc do you wear black for V The girl put her hand up to her face and ■turned it aside. 'For the nearest and clearest, rcaV.n. I can't rprnk of it.' 'Hum! You know, what my fool of a girl isloavinc fo^, eh V | 'Yes/ ma'am.' ' You will not be afraid ?' ; ' Ko ; oh, no.', __ ' i bat s right. - it s all foolery being atraid of the dead, you know ; dead people can't ! hurt you, can they ?' 1 They can'thurt the innocent, ma'am.' ' Tut! They can't hurt anyone, innocent or guilty ! You never saw a ghost, did you V ' Yea, ma'am, I did. I 3?.w the spirit of . the dear oxio I.wear, mourning for on tho very night of his death.'• ' Pah ? Don't talk nonsense ! I'm some what older than you, and I've worn mourn ing for a dozen, but I never saw a spirit! Tr.lk sense. If I ongago you, can you como at once—to-night?' • ' I can, ma'am.' ' You aro ongaged for a trial, at tho wages Mr3. Naylor has mentioned. Oh, are you going, Ann V she asked, ao Ann appeared on the threshold. * Of course you'knuw I need not pay you one penny, as you are leaving mo in this way .without notice, but I won't be hard on you, though yon are a fool. Thcro is your money up to to-day.' ' The.girl, Ann, had waited while-madam was fumbling, with trembling hands, in her puw. hnfc when a sMmwe'wn nnd some silver was placed in her hand, she looked sharply at hgr lato mistress as she retorted— '■I\l-rather be a fool than a rogue any day, Madam Hope; and tiioro are worse sorts than rogues, either !' | Ji-njoymg tne'rngo anr.! te?.r in the woman 3 eyes, Ann awkwardly dropped her sovereign, which rolled out of Bight as if by magic. Not a word did madam say—sho seemed too angry—.but, leaving Ann. and the new girl I both hunting on Hie carpet for the !i=t piece I of gold, she loft the room with more than her usual shakiness of stop. j ' JPother it for a sovereign J' .Ajjjj siilrl ' and I wanted to got away from the old eat so bad !' ' What did you mean by what you said to her ?' questioned the r.ew girl, as she raised herself a little and looked at Ann. ' Do you nhif a vpry vrml-ed old. wom'.n V 11 do ; and I think she ktiows more of last night's business than sho pretends. One thing is certain. I saw the little bottle Mr. Coyne had in his hand in tha back scullery riot a week ago, and I'm sure Mr. Coyne was j novel' in the back scullery. The new girl drove a hard breath as she to see 011 the carpet,' sho said; 'but I'll tell you what I'll do, as you don't want to bo de layed. I have a note I will give you, and then I will get a candle and find tlio gold,' 'All right; thanks. You're going to stop, then ?' 'Yes.' rose from h3r knees. The now girl handed Ann the pound noto, and then went with her as- far a3 the door. But there was no need to search for the sovereign. As the door closed upon Ann, her successor opened her closed hand. Upon the palm there rested a sovereign, and on this the girl gazed intently. .Mr./Monckton felt very.miserablo as ho sat onco moro in his favorite chair on the bal cory, for t"ho now bnardor sat oppo site to him,- smoking with a quite-at-home air,- he could not help fcliinkins of poor Coyne, 'who had sat there only last evening. And if; is not to be wondered at that the oonvevRiition should bo almost entirely of the dead. The "trnr^cr'r. curio.",if.y waa only natural, and Mr. Monckfon was glad to speak of what so fully occupied his mind. 'It's all like a horrid nightmare tome,' he declared; ' even though you are bitting there in Coyne's seat, I can scarcely believe he is dead.' 'And, of course, you saw him?' 'This morningUli, yea'i 1 wishjlhacln't.' ' I was talking to the man on tho beat ! about it this-evening as I came in,' Mr. Chandraain said, as bo tilted his chair a littlo back; ' and it seems tho medical evidence is decidedly opposed to suicide. What is your opinion 7 j ' It seems incredible to me that a living being could be capable of cuch a thing !' 'What thing?' ' Why, placing a phial in a dying man'ii hand and holding it there until it stiffened in death!'- . . ' Yet such tilings aro done. Does it not strike yon that one who is capablo of murder ing for robbery must be h/vrdened enough to complete his work any way? There was a case hero, -in this very town of yourg, not so long ago. I allude to Slack's dcr.th ; do you remember'tho 'denouement V 'Y03; tho murderer coufcsncd.' ' He confessed after he had been sentenced for another murder. Ho had cut Slack's tim's hand. There was a magisterial inquiry, of wuvBi?, and tho verdict of the coroner's jury was suicide.' ' Yea, I recollect tho facta.' 1 That murder was committed because tho poor man awoke and saw llie burglar rob bing his safe; this one has been done before tho robbery was: committed;' ' Why do 3Tou think so ?' ' Itecause tho prussic acid was put on hia lips ■while he was asleep.' ' Pruasia acid ! Asleep ? How do you know all these circumstances T questioned Monck ton, in astonishment. ' I was interested and inquired. La ! bless you, a few drinks will go a long way with tho police ! I spent a shilling or two and know to-day what all the world will know after tho inquest-. I suppose you will go ?' ' To tho inquest ? I am afraid I must; I am tho last one, at Icust in the house, that saw him alive, I believe.' ' Except tho murderer.' ' I can't believe it was murder ! If it was it inuiiL have been for the money, and vrlio could know that he had so large a sum in his room V 'You.' 'Mo?' Monckton's face grew whiter than ashes as ho stated at Cbandnuin. ' Diil it never strike you,' asked tho letter, as he held out Ms cigar am! tAvitcb»d oft" (ho ash -with his little linger—'did it never strike you that you might possibly bo suspected yourself V ' My God, what are you saying such things tor ? cried LJonckton. ' liac.uisc they are true. Look ac the facta yourself. You have toltl the police ivh.it passed-between you last night—that ia to ray, (hat you know the money was in the room, That you have told so much, and th.v. you did not take it during thi poor fellow's absence, is so far in your favor; but then, you boo, tho idea of robbing him may not have sng;jt,stijd itsolf to you until after CcyneV return, and, of eours.v you would tell as much as you dare to throw^guppieion uix of your own back. Sit down, my dear fellow, I don't suspect you at all, but others do. 1 Others !' gasped poor JYloncfcton, on wiioic fr.cc tlio cokl sweat was breaking. ' Yes, you would have bc-cn arrested ori H""n;rien to-rVy had it not- been fm* mo. Pray bff cool and listen. I am Inspccior Bintrc. of the Detective Force." I have a theory of my own about this business, and I want you to help :ne.' ' How can I ?' 1 Push that door wide open, so that I can .watch the staira. Now, try and recall ovrry little circumstance chat occurred last night. Of courso, there is the possibility that Coyne foolishly told someone when he was out last ni«ht about the money, and the balcony may have been scaled, but there are no traces of such an entry—none whatever. Now, try and think who may possibiy hare heard you and Coyne talking here last night.' ■ • And all at os'co Monelrton then r<"n?m bered how he had fancied someone was in Coyne's room, and how Coyne had assured him his door was locked and the key in his pocket. '.Tuetso,-' tho inspectorso.!ct; *u cue Key hr.:1 boon left in the door, entry could not havo boon made so easily. There may have boon half a dozen duplicate keys to that look, and ono of the duplicates has been heavily oiled last night. Y/as Coyne likely to do that V •No.' 'There was no necessity? He spoke to you v,-!h-h he camo in ?' 'Ho did.' 'Aft! I seo you sire.recalling. Whr,tdid yon hear in the night ?' 'Soma noise—somo movement as of a piece of furniture brt;ng cautiously moved.' ' Tho portmanteau being pulled out or pu?hed back nssin ? Just go.' ' I got up and slightly opened my door. There was a faint light under Coyne's door ' Yes : tho murderer at work by the aid of a shaded tight. And then V '■ A quacr n-.isc, if of •=. garment or hrwl being passed over tho vail of my room out side. I thought it was-poor Coyne stealing away with the money.' ' It Y7P.3 the murderer stealing away with the money, an<\ not by the balcony. The light had been put out, and the murderer was securing a safe passage past the staircase.' ' To escape hy the back window T The insptccor laughed in a sort of chuck ling way. 'You will see. Who sleeps in that end of the bouse—T. mean r,lorigtho passage, over the stairs near your door V 1 The housemaid and Ivladr.'m Hope. Good heavens ! are you suspecting Ann ? She wa3 doing the rooms last night, and may have overheard about the money.' 'Madam Hope? By the way, why ' madam V' ' Ob, .a custom, I suppose.' ' Madam Hope suspects you.' ' She suspects me ! What a villainous hag ! I havo been livh.g under her eyes all these months to be ddeined capable of such a deed!' 4 Someone might be capable of it, and when tho truth is known it will likely be someone you would as liLLIe have suspected ss a friend might you." Madam 3ays that your conduct at tho breakfast tablo this morning was extra ordinary ; that you refused to call Coyne ; that you acted like a. man terrified ; and that you actually shouted yon would not enter the room for a hundred DOunds.' ...' All pretty nearly the truth. I Tras afraid that poor Coyno had levanted, and that I should bft, pprhaps, involved. I was aorrv T bad had anything to do with him. B'ic that was no reason why madam should suspect mo of murder.' ' •' ' She does mora than suspect—at least, she says so. She says that alter three this morn ing she heord n, slight-noisa in the pas/wore, and cautiously opened her door. She adds that she distinctly saw you entering yours.' ' Saw me in tho dark V : 'She says you had a small dark lantern in your hand, Is it true, anv of it ?' 'No!' " ... ' ^ ^<5 small dark lantern in your reosi ems r.iotvttag,-' said rim inspector, coolly; ' it was carefully hidden under your wash stand.' ' I never had a dark lantern in my posses sion during my life !' declared Monckton, in horror, ' Did" madnm tell you these lies V ' Yes : vrhnri I was horn this morninrr as a detective. Of course she doe3 not know that Mr. Chandniaiii and tho detcctivo are one; my dirgusc is a carc-ful ens. T searched every room in this house for tracer, of the money, yours included—that is tu buy,every boarder's and servant's room. Of course, I did not scarch madam's ; there ivould be no usa in uoir.cr that, would there V ' If a dark lantern was found in my room, why should not madam's have been used as a hiding-placo for some of the murderer's traps?' Monckton questioned,; hotly. 'Just so; and that being my idea, madam's loom 13 pui'liips uiidoi'guiiiLj tjuuch at. this very moment of time.' , ' By one of your men ?' ! ' No ; by a volunteer. Row, just listen to mo. It was by the strangest chance that the loss of this mor.?y became known so early at. the building society's office this morning. It was ft Mr. Bnlthorpe who paid the soven hundred in yesterday, and among the gold he had placed unintentionally a' spade guinea' that had been in his possession for nuny yp.".r=. You are perhaps p.w».re that 'spade guineas,' as they are callcd, belong to a far back coinage, and are rave enough now to bo very valuable ; but it was not for its intrinsic value Mr. Bulthrope kopt the coin, but because, thirty years back, his mother had givon it to him ns a luck-penny. When he found he had included it in the six hundred ho determined not to loso it if he could help it, and wa3 at the secretary's office as soon as it opened this morning, On that spade guinea almost all our hopes of tracing the murderer hang.' 1 fetop ! said Monckton, in a low, earnest tone ; ' a something had just occurred to mo! Coyne gave me a bit of paper—an envelope* I or part of one, last night, and I had totally forgotten it! You see I changed my dress for black out of respect for the poor fellow, or I should perhaps have come across it in my pocket to-day. What, was it he said ?—that ho was putting some figures down on it, and that if nothing happened him in the night I could give it back co him unread in tho morn ing.' 1 You have not looked at it ?' was the eager question. 'No.'_ ' Got it at once ; you cannot know of what value it may be.' Monckton hastened to his room, and brought out the vest he had been wearing the previous evening. In the right hand pocket was a folded paper, which ho handed to the Inspector. ' Iir,!' sr.id that gentleman, when bo ex amined it. ' This may be a help ! Here i3 a jug lion- ifc was packed np. Look)' ' The gold i? in 20 rolls of-30 govs, each, rolled up in brown paper; and the 100 notes n ono packet, also in brown paper, tied with jrcen office tape. Both gold and notes aro .a ii bank canvas bag, branded 'A.O.P.'in red ink, and tied with black cord twine. Tho sanvas bag and- contents are in the right hand corner of portmanteau "under my bed, und tho key ot portmanteau is in my trousers pocket.' ' You can see tho importance of this, and yet you had forgotten it!' the inspector said, reproachfully. Just then appeared from the passage lead ing over tho stairs the new hotincmaid. The inspector's face brightened as his eyes rested on her. She was carrying her bedroom pail in ono hand, and the wafcercan in the other ; »8 she neared the balcony door she set both down, and darted, as it were, with both hands ex tended toward the detective. 'Thank God!' che said, in an excited whisper. ' Oli, thank God !' ' Be cfilm, Melie ; what is it ? Tell me.' ' It is the spade guinea !' she whispered, eagerly. ' There !' Oh, don't you see what it means ?' 'Yes, 1 do,' was iJingo's reply, as nc ex- i amined tho coin, she had placed in his hand. ' It means t!irvt wo shall hang poor Ooyne'? murderer, and that, it is you who will have to put the rope, round the vilh'an'? ncck. Now, | comc I Don't break down. You aro a brave girl, but you are as white as a sheet. Monck ton, have you a glass of wine in your room V ' I cannot wait ! Theie is mad v.n 'a key ; she was coming; up with me, but ^omaone hps called about tho inquest. Now is you time. I have been in and swept the Cro-place ; tho contents are here and she pointed to tho pail. ' C.'.rry ifc into my room, and empty it there,' said Binge ; and then ho darted down the stair passage with the speed and light nes3 of an accomplished burglar. ' You !' whispered the girl, pantingly— 'you wore his friend; ho told me ! Yon ipo):e to him last 1 I must see you, and hear every word sometime ! Of course you guess I ara his intended wife— intended only V 'I recognise you,' returned jMoncliton. 'You.aro Melaino,' of the Royal? I have seen you on the stiga often.' 1 Yea ; but you will see me there no mow,' she said, bitterly, as she caught nn her dhi'I. ' When I have avenged my poor jS>ed I shall retire on my laurols !' and she darted into the new lodger's room. j Just as sne re-omei-gea una mirritv.'. -iuj . Monckton's chamber, Inspector Bingo glided back from the direction of imdam's room and J handed Melie the key ; find almost at the i same moment madam's voice wa3 heard call- | ing up the stairs—' Ann ! Aim ' why don't yon bring down my key ? ' I am coming, ma'am,' replied the girl, as she ran to the stairs. Binge beckoned Jilonckton into poor Coyne's room, and locked the door when he had entered. 'That girl w"vkl be invp.lv."^!" tor?,' ho said ; ' and I will take care that she gets an offer to join. See what she has accomplished in an hour or two, since she entered this house. She has got possession of the spado guinea, brought the contents of madam's fire place hero to my room, and given tr.s a chance of searching a room that would otherwise have been almost sealed to me.' ' Have you discovered anything 1' • Not in the room. Let us see what these ashes are made of,' and he unfnided carefully, on the table near the window, the newspaper, into which the new housemaid hud swept the ashes. . There were several indications in black film .of burnt pwer, a little dust mingled with'ashea, and a morsel of printed paper, so small that it would have escaped any ordinary eyes. On this scrap Binge pounced with r cry of delight, and turned it to t'lo light. • a scroti or a Durncct DanKnoto; nc cne«. 'The notes h^ve been destroyed aa traceable, and she has the gold on her person! My work hero ia pretty nearly done, Mr. Monebtcn. How surprised you look. It seemstoohorrible to believe, doesn't if. ? Ah! you haro not, 3tr<«ncd criojc through your finger?, .is "it wore—I have. Let us get out to the balcony again : I want to signal one of my men.' As Bingo hid thought, Moncktou wan stunned at the enormity of the deed in connection with the miserable old being. He followed the inspector,- who whistled peculiarly, and then leaned lightly on the rail of the balcony ; ' The grasping avariciousness of some aged people is one of the most remarkable features of criminal statistics,' the inspector remarked, as If he were only thinking aloud, ' and it is indicated, as plainly as if the wretched beings were branded, and in the form or the hands and vuiture-iike gleam of the eyes. That is a disease who can doubt, for what sane old being would imperil his or her soul for a few pounds 1. There was a well-authenticsted case of an old man who had hidden stores of which no one was aware until after his death, and who got o'jt of his deathbed and strangled his sleeping nurse to rob her pockets .0? sopso.mcnoy.fco had seen paid to her for nursing himself. There comes Jackson in the gate. Come downstairs and look at the criminal make of this woman's hands.' Monckton followed the cool inspector as if he had been magnetised, full of horror and wonder, at the terrible thing that was being mad« plain feo him. Ib was now about 8 o'clock, and the gas was lighted in the dining-room. One or two of the borders had not yet returned, and madam, as was her usual eastern, awaited them, sitting at the hft»d of tJio toble, complaining, as was also her us'inl custom, to tfci housemaid of th'o irrofiularlty of hcr iuccnsi'.lor.iic gentle men. With the light of the gaa on her white, withered f&oe;, and her black robes a deeper black .in. tho , shadow of the table, and h^r strangely tierce eyes glaring with a ■ lustre intensified by unspoken fear, Monckton shuddered as he looked at her. ' Ann,' ah© was saying as the gentlemen WSl'B Hearing . vou .sa"inv,. fchoy I treat me. I am going to call you Ann, for I can't be changing the name En often—my memory is not good. It is 8 o'clock, and my hour 13 six. They do nob care if.I keep the meals on the table all day and all night so long as their own convenience is served.' ' Perhaps they are afraid,' said the new housemaid. Afraid of what? asked m?d<\m; sharply. ' Oh, you mean about the suicide 1 Faugh !' 'It was murder,' Ann ssid, firmly; 'and who knows whose turn it may bo nest ? Do you know what I should expect if it was I who hud held that phial to a mr.n's lips while ho slept that I might- rob him ? When I was in bed at night I should fear that the dead man would come to me r.nd strangle me with his cold hands !' Madam glared at the speaker, and in voluntairly her own hard hand went us to her skinny throat aa if to protect it. ' And I dared to sleep/ went on the murdered Coyne's brokon-';o.i: led gui, * I should waken with the horror of a holl upon me ! Oh, my God ! what punishment in life ur in death would be cruel. enough or hard enough for the vrretoh that crept in the dead of nir.'lit to murder and rob the dosd 1' ' This girl is mad V gasped madam aa tho gentlomen entered. Oh, no !' laughed Binge; ' She is only graphic ! Ah ! here you are, Jackson.' ' It i» ouo, #f the detectives,5 said madam, with an" effort at composure, as she laid her hands* on the edge of the .-table before her. ' Has anything fresh been discovered, sir V ' I will reply, Jackson. Yes, something has been discovered, madam—a remarkable coin that was among the gold chat was taken from the dead man's portmanteau has been found ; tt was a guinciv—a spade guinea, as it is called—and the murderer paid it aw ay to a servant this very: night. That is the coin, mr.dam !' arid Bin^e held it before the old woman's awful eyes in the palm of his strong hand. ' And, further, it has been discovered that the murderer burned the notes—there is a portion of one dis covered in the tiro- place of the murderer's room.' Greyer and greyer grow the terrible, frightened old tVce, more ;md more trembling the sinking feeblo old limbs. ' Mr. Monck ton, look :\t that hand. We wore talking of tho characteristics of a certniu criminal tendency r.whilo n^o—see the inbent, elaw finrjTM. If you oiler to civ.!™ mvn p h-\nd a.4 11)!vl it i'l'-cis you half closed, :-.nd shrinks from un honest hand. To meet its palm you would have to fioifsc it with ono hand r.nd straighten it. out forcibly wifh tho other. Mrs. Hope, I surest you for the murder of Edward Coyne, and it is my duty to caution you '.V;!ythir;; yon rtv-.y rny iv.ay bo tired in evidence against you.' jAtlVr'l'!": ('t'f:-.y ? T'mw,">re v),-> word? on her lip=t as bnndcuQs snapnod on her ITor oheelfs «eeracd to r-'.nk, mid hev eye;; to til in ov^r. A -.(v't of hideous gasping came lirat, and thun ^ that -were awful to listen to. ' I'm such an—an—old—ojd worvun •. sril; I have—so little money. Let me go for_ for—I'm cold—cold. Oh ! save mc ! There he i3 ! Oh, mercy—mercy—incrcy !' The last appeal uttered strongly with a shriek, and the manacled hands were lif-rv] as though to ward off something she s-,~ approaching her. Moncktor.'s horrofied followed hers, and ho saw, between her and the fire-place, on spot that was in privtial shadow, a form, indistinct and phantom-like with a shadowy face like that of the dead man ! Only a second, and then it waa gone, and Monckton's eyes returned to the oM woman. She had slipped a3ide and down in her chair, dragging her manacled hands with her. The withered features were clr,v,7n horribly all awry, and the groy shadow of an awful death lay upon her forehead. Monck ton put up hia hands to hide his eyes, and Jackson darted forward to arrest the old creature's fall. ' Gad !' cried Binge, ' thr-t —as quick retribution ! This is paralysis !' And it was a paralysis from which the un happy old woman never recovered, thuua'u she lived for sctno weeks after her arrest. When her hour did come at last, it was with the fancied grip of her victim on her throat, so strong a hold hr.d tho terror or Me'ie's words ton of her imagination. There could bo uo doubt of her gulls, as tfc? p>M, miiH'.s the spado guineu, \v;.d fo:uvl on !.;r, and in tho b,:g described by Cay no. From her mutcered and broken words during tho weeks preceding her dtuth rha story of ber.crimc could be fairly 'MthereJ. She possessed a ranstcr-kfcy («? i.s hfl&ed;, a not uncv.uaon posies.-iou -with many honest- or curious landladies) to every r>,ja in liiG house, and having overboard Coyn,:3 confession, allowed the cupidity of W miserable nature to cr<;nto t!->o ovil design in her heart. Bingo succeeded in inducing Melnine to join the ranks of the D.'s as ft mule assistant detective r.nd she has done credit to it. h^-r talent for making up and acting a p-.tf foreign to her being of great value in h?v ne~ profession. And the bul uecer fin^-.iten poor Coyne, v.-ho3a spirit she often fancies she sees, though Monc-kton has leiiri>:-.\ t<) smile fit hin own idea rbf.t be sat? tho dc.3 man'i f.ice in the shadows of the rooni in which Ivladaro Hopo vrai brought; to account. The Revelations of Science.—It is r.ot only that sdcnce haa revelled to us hiSnite space crowded with unnumbered worlds; in finite time peopled by uniimubored exist ences; infinite organisms hitherto invhibla but full of delicate and iridescent loveliness; but also that she has been, as a great :.rch angel of ir.ercy, devoting herself to the service of man. She has labored, her. votaries hsvj labored, not to increase the power of dtbjj'/.s or add to the magnificence of count;, but ts extend human happiness, to economise;,email effort, to extinguish human pain. Whs're <ri old men toiled, half-blinded and h:.lf-r.;:l:oJ, in the mouth of the glowing fui-iiacd to uiis tho white-hut iroa, sac uoiv Substitute ue mechanical action of the viewl;.-;s air. Shs has enlisted the sunbeam. in her scrvica to limn for us, with absolute fidelity, the faces of the friends we love. She h&u; bhown the poor miner how he may work in safety, even hie id the explosive lire-damp vi the iuIu;, She has, by her anesthetics, esiablrd t!u» suf ferer to be hushed and unconscious while the delicate hand of some skilled operator cuts a fragment from tin: nervous cir;p of tho un quiveri::^ eye. She points not to pyuuuus built during wearing centuries by the .swe.tt of the miserable nations, but to the hint house and the steamship, to the railroad and tho telegraph. She has restored cy:~ to the blind itiid heating to the deaf. She lias lengthened life, she has minimised danger, shehascontrolled madneess, sheh&j; UMiauIcd on disease. And on all these- grounds I thi;;k that none of our sons should grew up wholly ignorant of studies which at ox.cj the reason and' fire the imaginsjicn, ahici fashion as well as forge, which c..:i i.-.-d j j well ju tin the mma. -Arcfccicaer.u i- ,in:»r. | 