The Storyteller, SAVED AS BY FIRE. Br M. Av Denison. During the time of the;great rush of gold-seekers to California, a young man, named Karney, left Mb wife and family to try his fortune in searching for the precious ore. He was a printer by trade, and the business did not agree with him, so it was partly on account of his health that his wife and child were left alone. He hoped soon to send them more money than he could earn at his printer's case. His wife, however, was not so badly off as some of her neighbors, whose husbands had. gone on the same errand,, for after 'fitting out her husband for his perilous fpture, she had remaining a few liundred doilars that had been a legacy from her father. Little Carrie Karneywas ten years old when Jolm Harney went from home. She was his idol, and loved him as fathers are seldom loved, tip to the last day they had tried to keep her, in.ignorance of his pur pose to go away, but she found it out, and her grief almost broke his heart. The separation came, nevertheless; and after a while Carrie, learned to hear her father's name sjroken without violent outbursts of sorrow ;'and by- and-by his letters became a great pleasure to her. A year, two years, three years passed. Sometimes there was cheerful .news, some times none. To tell the truth, Karney had not prospered in his gold- seeking. The climate had not affected his health favor ably, and his really handsome face grew haggard from 'chills and fever, and pro tracted anxiety. Still he held up bravely, and once or twice succeeded in sending home a little.gold. Meantime, Mrs. Karney'6 health had failed from overwork and often deterred hope. The money she had doled out so carefully was all gone, and she took in fine washing to support herself and her child. Carrie, now a beautiful girl of thirteen, aided her mother in every possible way. She carried and took home clothes, ironed whatever fine pieces she could, and her happy little face and blithe, singing voice often cheered her faint-hearted mother when nothing else would. " There, we're through for another week!" said Carrie, on a cold Saturday night. " To morrow is Sunday, and we can't work. I have found a dollar to-day and we have something in the house to eat, and wood enough to keep us warm. Oughn't we be thankful, mother, although I can't go to church, or you, either, our clothes are so shabby ? " " Yes, dear," said her mother, with a sigh. " I suppose you went to the post- office F" " I always go to the post-office if I am sure I shall not get anything. Almost before my foot touches the door-sill, old Adams sings out, ' nothing for you to-night, miss.' But this suspense won't last always, I hope. A letter must come sometime." "If your father is alive," said Mrs. Karney sadly. " Of course he is alive, or we should hear something. Didn't Mr. Davis say he was known everywhere, when he brought home that last bit of gold, six months ago ? The fact is, if he is disappointed, he can't bear to write and tell so. In that I should be just like him, I am sure. Who knows but sometime, when we are sitting just as we are now, there will come a knock at the door, and I shall open it, and presto! there stands papa, with a great brown Californian beard on his chin, and his eyes full of tears F Oh, dear me! " She sprang to her feet, for there was a knock. The mother's pale cheeks flushed. She knew John would not wait to knock, if he had come; but, nevertheless, there was a wild hope throbbing at her heart. Carrie opened the door with fear and trembling. There, to be sure, stood a man with a Californian beard, but he was not John. " So you don't remember Jim Stokes, little one ? " he exclaimed. It was a returned neighbor, and glad and thankful they were to see him, for he brought news. There was gold, Loo. He poured it upon the table. There must have been five hundred dollars; a treasure, indeed, to them, but— "Oh," cried the wife, "why didn't John come F I don't want the money, poor as I am, as much as I want him." "Well, neighbor," returned the man, " John is bound to be rich before he comes, he says, and I don't know as I much blame him, if he has the resolution. But the fact, is, the face of my wife and little one that were sent out to nie a few months ago were too much for me, and though I hadn't made my pile, I was bound to come back if I had to return again. But here's his pic ture. He had it taken the day before I started." With a cry of delight, mother and daughter caught a glimpse of the brown, bearded face, and Mrs. Karney could hardly see it for her tears. For hours she gazed at it after their neighbor had gone. " Isn't it changed a little F " asked Carrie quietly. "Changed a little! " Al&s;! there were marks upon that face which made the wife's heart ache. She could tell what they meant, those hard, hateful lines. Much was hidden by the full beard, which certainly improved his countenance, but the face was not her John's. " To tell the truth," said Jim Stokes to his wife in a loud voice, the next day, " I wouldn't like to say to poor Mrs. Karney just what I think of John; but it's my opinion he's going to the bad, for he drinks and gambles. Why that's the way he earned the gold I brought home." " Father!" said a white scared girl, just ' coming into the room. " Well, what's the matter with the child ? Come here; you look as if you'd seen a ghost." " O it's too bad! She heard you." " Who heard me F What are you driving at, young one ? " . " O father! Carrie Karney was out in the kitchen. She stopped to borrow a book, and she heard all you said—every word. It was awful; her face was awful!" There was utter silence. Much as the miner regretted it, the words could not be unsaid, or their true meaning altered. He only hoped the girl would' have' foresight enough to keep it from her mother. 7 Carrie's face was indeed pitiable, changed and wretched as she stepped from Tier friend's house and wendedher way home ward. Her father—her idol—the n»pn she had iso worshipped, so honored, a drunkarii and a gambler! The words seemed-soared, into her brain. The next day she presented herself at theneighbor'ishOuse dgaiih. 'The rough miner amosttreniblfedae'heniet'her gt£ze. shaip^aig^ at his b'eaVt, - And' the 'bears almost hamte tohte'^yfeB.'' • " : "Mr. Stokes, I Iqiew you .wouldn't have said • so, if it* hadn't w&im;'1 briib/'' began C#nfe;;pl(itig^^^'(i't<^'^?, thb, subject. "Nell sUid^dh were^^g^ackto Califor nia. May I; go %itff ybu'?:1 Mdther ' says I may. rU pay mV Own passage putli that —that money," abe added; faltferihgly; "and if you won't take ihejl'must go alone, forT'mgoing."" ' • ■■ ■■■■■ "I comdu'thavesaadnotoeaye my life," said Jim to his wifej afterwards, i t i never . saw such pluck—but to take that little ■white lily into "sj, place like that!" * . ' # 'I-#- # John Karnfey threw down the cards with a dreadful oath. The place "was a, rude shed, and at two or three stoves men stood with shirt sleeves rolled up cooking. Four or five tables were ranged the length of the room, if iroom it could be called. Croups of rough men stood and sat here and there, laughihg, swearing and drink ing. John Karney had lost a small pile of gold which he had just staked. It was his all, and he was white with anger. He had just accused his opponent of cheating. Words grew hot; the excited men sprang to their feet, and cries of " stop 'em!" "A fight! " rang through the place. Suddenly Karney felt a touch on his hand. Then a sobbing voice termulously breathed: "0 father!" And tiurning he saw the beautiful face, all framed in its golden curls, white and wasted, very like an angels, looking into his own. Not a word was spoken. The man stood as if petrified. His eyes became fixed as if a spirit had crossed his vision. There came a nervous, tremulous movement to the lips, and all at once, with a great sob, he shouted, "Why it is my little Carrie!" and gathered her all up in his bosom. There was no more gaming that day, no, nor the next, nor for many a long day thereafter. The dreadful voyage and the child's own anguish had so worn upon her slight frame that no human skill could save her. I am sorry to make so sad an ending, but the brave little child-woman had given her very life for the father she loved. Wasted to a. shadow she lay upon his bosom, and there, her eyes fastened on his, she passed into the golden gates, to be with the angels. ■ But the father by this time was a changed man. Neither drink nor oath passed his ips after that day. Every evening he would go aud sit by her little grave, and all the rough, wicked men respected his sorrow. The grave became a little shrine. But better days seemed to come to him. He grew rich, and then lie left for home to bring his poor patient wife to the land of gold. They live there yet, near the pre cious little body, but the man, although changed and in his right mind, wears a shadow on his face that only death will remove. 