Poetry. How Kermandie Ned Laid the Ghost of Magrulre. IA Fact: Related by Maguire'e mate.] In eighteen forty one, upto Macnamara's run Game a sojer man from far beyant the saysj Ho was togged out in a shtyle that bespoke ~ "the Emerald Isle, a.- Ajidiwa^tajghtily Hibernian in hiB ways. l%felave be:had some shtrains of O'Connor ' in his-Terns, • ; \3?or mver.ww liisspirit known to tire; ItrtheiflafnoB'and iii the .flood, through the .thickestof theroud, , "Koti a epwlccould hould a light to Tim Waguire. The' ehtockwhips rattled hard up in Mac namara's.yard, And "upward rose the sht&me; like morning • mist;. Atlbho outer gate was Tim—sure the billet suited him— Wid'i" thundering big shillelagh in his fist. A."bellow, then a' rash' from the raremost of the crush, A clathering of hoofs across the mire. The white bull, Bandy Duff,—(by the mortail he was rough),— Bored a hole into the vital* of Maguire. One gallop'd for the praste, but he might bare saved his baste, And the docthor : (But'twas past a doc tlior'e cure) j At the setting of the sun, there on Macnamara's run, Tim Maguire kicked his lasht upon the llure; But ere his spirit fled through the rafthers overhead, The curse he laid on Dandy Sufi was dire:— " May my eowle his carcase chase—may it niver grant him pace Till he croati upon the grave of Tim Maguire." T T T We picked a decent tomb, where some honeysuckles bloom, . T The boys came throoping round to help the slipree, And a carpenteering cove carved thiB memo, in the grove: "TIM MAGUIBE. He toer bull-gored. B.I.P." And it seemB a thrifle quare—but it's thrue, for I was there— . . An ould spalpeen wid his eyeballs all a- fire, . ( Each blessed Friday night, dhressed iligant in white, Came rareing from the grave of Tim Maguire. As for Dandy Duff, the baste, it concerned him not the laste, For to pleasure and contentment he was slave; And you'd think a dying curse would occasion the reverse, But he niver owned a conscience, I belave. At length whin he became bowlegged, old, and lame, And surlier his manners grew, and slyer,. Behold, it came to pass that they turned him out to grass In the paddock where we planted Tim Maguire. ' Now, a bloke named Jemmy Cutts, cook at Macnamara's huts, A wager laid one blessed Friday night, Wid big Kermandie Ned that he wasn't game to thread A measure wid that jintleman in white. " No sooner said than done," says Ned, " hand me the gun; . * And may I be a confirmated liar If I do not chant a Bhtave wid that covey at the grave, And dance him on the bones of Tim Maguire." The night was pitchy black as he started down the thrack, And mournful humm'd the wind across the plain; And there wasn't one of us, for betther or for wuss, Iver hoped to see Kermandie Ned again. Ten minutes slowly passed, five more, and then at last From off the hill flashed out a sthreak of fire, And then a muffled bang, and an awful groaning rang Up the marsheB from the grave of Tim Maguire. Then up the bullock thrack Kermandie saunthered back, As cool as though we asked him up to tay; And he gave his breeks a wrenoh as he squatted on a bench, And quietly remarked " I've got to pay, It wor'nt my fault at all, and thars what riles my gall, That chalk-faced divil spiled the show entire. He started in to cues, so I rose the blunderbuss . And dhropped Mm on the top of Tim Maguire." At the first faint sthreak of day we all got undther way, Wih quare imaginations in our heads; But betune me and the posht, Kermandie'* murthered ghost I considthered was a hoax of Misther Ned's. That it was'pt murthered Tim nor the covey wid the glim It didn't nade a lanthern to enquire, For begorrai.sure enough lay the ould bull, Dandy Duff, Stretched out upon the grave of Tic. Maguire! C. H. BEAD. It should bo worth remembering (says a ontemporary) that no newspaper is printed pecially for any person, any more than one otel is built to specially please one guest. eople who become greatly displeased with omething they find in or omitted from a ewspaper should remember that the very hing that displeases . them is cxaotly the iling that will please somebody else who as just as much- interest in the paper as hey have. 