NAVAL DEFENCE. T?n subject of the naval defence of the Empire is again occupying a con siderable share of the attention of the British public. The loss of the Vic toria, and the large additions which have recently been made to the fleets of France and Russia, aroused the nation to a sense of the danger which might result from too great confidence even in ships of the most modern type, and of the possibility that if a great war arose Britain might be placed in an awkward position by a combina tion of the naval forces of . several nations. Such a combination has been in existence before, and may happen again, and in these days, when torpedo warfare has arrived at a high state of perfection, the de struction 'or crippling of a powerful fleet would not take up so much time as it -did in the days of NELSON. Thereforeo the opinion is publioly expressed, that Britain cannot afford to take any risks in this matter, and that with such an enormous amount of mercantile shipping afloat in every sea, Britannia must now, as be fore, approach as far as she possibly can to the position of ruler of the waves. In addition to her great and valuable shipping in terests, the duty of safeguarding her colonies has been placed upon her. Notwithstanding the desire of the colonies toperform their fair share of defence work, the political relations of Britain to them are of such a cha racter that the greater part of this duty falles upon the mother country, which undertook the work inthe com moncement and still finds that the largest share of it devolves upon her. Some years ago the Australasian colo nies admitted that the subject of naval defence was one which intimately con eorned them by agreeing to pay £91,000.per annum for the mainte nance of an auxiliary squadron. That agreement was entered into in the days when Australia was spending freely much money borrowed from Britain, and when, to our rulers, the expenditure of a few thousands up or down was a small matter. Things have, however, greatly changed since then, and even the most thoughtful people in this part of the world are asking whether the ciroumstances of the country demand the expenditure of such a largo sum of money, They point out that Australia has no quanrrels with other nations, that her geographical position roeders confliot with a foreign foe most unlikely, and that the best policy for this country to adopt at this early stage of its 'existence is "Peace on earth and good-will to men," Owing therefore to the arrange ment for the maintenance of an auxiliary squadron, Australia has become identified to an important ex tent with Britain in her naval policy. Before the ratification of that bargain the whole of the naval force of Now South Wales cohnsisted of a couple of torpedo gunboats, and an old out classed corvette, which had beeoon given asa proesent b the Admiralty to the Government o the colony, Such. a !'floot'! was regarded as quito suffi oient for our requirements, and added a touch of naval interest to the defence mancouvres generally held during Eastertide, Ports like Sydneuoy and Newcastle could, it was believed, be effectually defended from hostile fleets by the laying of submarine mines aeross the entrances of the harbours, For the rest, it was believed that' it would hardly pay a foe to send out a largo number of oruisers all the way. to Australia for the purpose of subjecting our coast ports to a bombardment at long range, Now that the colonies have become part nors with Britain in the maintenaneoo of a local fleet, their resp ootive Govern monts must find annually a considor able amount of money for whlich there is absolutely nothing to show at the year's end, They of course comfort themselves with the theory that insur aneoo is a wise expenditure, oven although there is nothing to show for it but continued safety; but the fact that Australia has, and should have, no enemies is not ovoerlooed by even those of the people who admit that the naval protootion of Britain is a prime facotor in the maintenance of the peace which Australians enjoy and haveo always boon accustomed to. Probably, theoreforo, this country will, for some considerable time to como, continue to pay the amount agreed to be given to the British Governmont for the maintenance of an auxiliary squadron on this station, While it is not wise to meeoot our troubles half way, we yet cannot quite ignore the likelihood that a still greater contribution may be asked from the people of this country in connection with its navhl defence. A press cablegram states that Sir Joim O. R. CoLoin, a naval expert and publicist, in ventilating his opinions in the 'ines, states that the British taxpayeor would never agree to the acceptance of an'increased obligation for the protection of the maritime trade of Canada and Australia while these countries "virtually pay nothing towards this object." . From the views of this writer it would appear that the subsidy which Australia considers so large an annual payment is" virtually nothing" in the eyes of the naval men of Britain. It is feared, however, that the four millions of people now in the Australian colonies must out their coats according to their cloth, and even go without any coat at all if they cannot procure the stuff. If this country is asked to further contributo to the cost of the Imperial navy, it may ask in return what is to be the limit of that already enormous expen diture. The naval estimates for the present year shadw a total of over £14,000,000, niot including the cost of a large number of new vessels which :are to be built with all despatch, and which will require four or five millions more for their completion. It is specially noticeable that Sir Joror CoLoreo speaks of the maritime trade of Aus tralia, as if Britain' had little or no concern in the matter. But it cannot be disputed tlhat the lion's share of trade with Australia, both to the United Kingdom and outward, is car ried in British vessels, and that the cessation of that trade owing to the operations of a hostile fleet, .would be quite as calamitous to Britain as to Australia. But it appears as if Sir Jonx were engaged in the task of raising a ghost simply for the purpose of laying it again. The Australians are not crying out for increased naval protection, either at their own expense or that of Britain. If Mr. Bu~ likes to indulge in the luxury of building large numbers of costly vessels, mainly for the purpose of providing employ ment for his numerous offspring, that is his lookout, and no one will quarrel with him for expending his money in that way. But the people of this country are not yet in a position to follow such an example, and naturally will feel averse to spend much more money than that which they are already contributing for the purpose of maintaining a squadron which, though on the Australian station, does not perhaps employ halrf a dozen officers and men who can claim any part of the Australian colonies as their birthplace. If localpeople were made to feel that everything was being done to found an Australian navy-and not merely a portion of the navy of Britain under an Australian name the subject of the maintenance of a reasonable number of ships for the defence of their coasts would be cheerfully and liberally considered by them. 