r S 7QUEST- . m DT BlTOam '7 Author of " The Gun-Runner, a Romance of Zulu- rvjnk aaj y>Qp n ' land," " 'Tween Snow and Fire," Through the /t A Zulu Country: Its Battlefields and its -1 — People," etc. CHAPTER XIV. — Against Tike. Bt randovn Renshaw was in the heart of 'he mountains. And now, as his steed's gait warned him, it was time to off-saddle aga<n. 'The river lay below, about a hundred yards from the road. Dismounting, he lea his horse down through the thick busb, and re- MATinw tha baiIIa Knt nof fha hviillA whinh 1V WW MWW WMW VI aw n latter he held in his hand, allowed the animal 'o graze and get somewhat cooler before drinking. Then, saddling up again, here- gained the road. The latter was in most parts very bad, as it wound its ragged length through a savage and desolate poor! or defile, which, in itself, was one long ambuscade, for thick bush grew ip to the very roadside, in places overhang ing it. The son had set, but a lurid after glow was still refieoted upon the iron face of a tall krsntz, which, ruing from the steep forest-clad slope, cleft the sky. Great baboons, squatted on high among the rocks, sent forth their deep- chested, far-sounding bark, in half -startled, half -angry recognition of the presence of their natural enemy — man; and, wheeling above the tree- tops, ascending higher and higher in airy circles to their roost among the crags, floated a pair of lammerrangers (a species of black eagle), w hose raucous voices rang out in croaking scream over the glooming depths of the lone defile like the weird wailing of a demoniac. Darkness fell, for there is no twilight to speak of beneath the Southern Cross, and the dull, dead silence of the mighty solitude was unbroken, save for the hoarse roar of the river smging through its rocky channel, and the fheasured hoof beats of the horse. And as he urged the animal on through the gloom, all Renshaw's apprehensions seemed to renew themselves with tenfold intensity. The appalling details of the gruesome tragedy chased each other through his mind in all their red horror, and his overwrought brain would oonjure up the most grisly forbodings. What if he should arrive too late! Those unprotected women, helpless, at the mercy of those fiends, red-handed from the scene of their last ruthless crime, devils incarnate let loose upon the earth, their lives forfeit, the noose ready for their necks, their only object to perpetrate as many hideous infamies as possible before meeting the doom that would sooner or later be theirs ! No wonder the man's brain seemed on fire. The road took a sudden trend downwards. The river must be crossed here. The drift was a bad one in the daytime, at night a dangerons one. Rut the latter consideration, far from daunting him, rather tended to brace Renshaw's nerves. Warily he urged his horse on. The water was up to the saddle-flaps — then a step deeper. The horse, now almost swimming, snorted wildly as the roaring whirling flood creamed around Mm in the starlight. But the rider kept him well by the head, and in a trice he emerged panting and d lipping on the ether side. Suddenly in front from the bush fringing the road there flashed forth a faint spark, as of a man blowing cn a burnt stick to light his pipe. AU Renshaw's coolness returned, and gathering up his reins, he prepared to make a dash for it. Then the spark floated straight towards him, and — : — he laughed at his fears. It was only a firefly. Oa still, le would soon be there now. Another drift j the river — splash — splash — out again — still onward. Suddenly the horse pricked forward h»n ears and began to snort uneasily. Now for it ! Still, it might be only a leopard or a snake. Bat all doubt was speedily nipped in the bud by a harsh voice, in Dutch, c&liine; upon bin to stop. Peering forward into the darkness he made ont two figures — one tall, the other short. They were about a dozen yards in front, and were standing in the middle of the road as though to bar his passage. There was no leaving the road, by reason of the bush which lined it on either side in a dense, impenetrable thicket. This was by no means Renshaw Farming's first experience of more or less deadly peril, as we have already shown, and trie unswerv ing coolness under such circumstances was never so consummately in hand as now, when not merely his own life, bat the lives of others dearer to him still, were in the balance. His mind was made np in a flash. " Clear out, or I'll shoot you dead," he answered, in the same language, whipping ont his pipe case and presenting it pistol fashion at' the shorter of the two men, who was advancing as if to seize his bridle. The resolute attitude, the quick, derisive tone, above all perhaps the eiiok, strongly snggestive of cocking, which Reosbaw managed to produce from the spring of the implement, caused the fellow instinctively to jump aside. At the same time came a flash and a stunning report. Something hummed overhead and most unpleasantly near. The other man had deliberately fired at him, Then Bensnaw did the best thing he could under the oircoms canoes. Ho took the bull fay the horns. He put his horse straight at his assailant, at .the same tame wrenching off his stirrup — no mean weapon at a push. But the fellow, losing nerve, tried to dodge. Hi vain. The horse's shoulder hit him fair and sent him floundering to earth ; indeed, but for the fact that the animal, frenzied with fright, swerved and tried to hang back, he would have been trampled under foot. Again Renshaw did the brat thing he oould. Mastering a desire to turn and brain the ruffian before he could rise, he rammed the spurs into his horse's flanks and set off down the road at a hard gallop ; not, however, before he was able to recognise in his assailants a Hottentot and a Bastard. Luckily, too, for three more flashes belcbed forth from the hillside, a little way above the scene of the conflict, but the bullets came nowhere near him. Then upon the still silence of the night he could hear other and deeper tones mingling with the harsh chatter of his late assailants. There was no mistaking those tones. They issued from Kafir lips. He had walked into the very midst of the cut throat gang itself — had come right through, it Then the question arose in his mind, would they pursue him ? He was certain they had no horses, but he had still about four miles to go, and his own steed was beginning to show signs of distress. The fleet-footed bar barians could travel almost as fast on two legs as be oould on four. They might pursue him under cover of the bosh and converge upon his line of flight at any moment. And then his heart sank within htm as he thought of a certain steep and very stony hill which still lay between him and his journey's end. How his ears were strained ; how every faculty was on the alert to almost agonising pitch as, peering back into the silence of the glopm, he strove to catch the faintest sound which should tell of pursuit. " Up, old horse ! Nearly home now I" The dreaded hill was reached. Minutes seemed hours to the rider, till at length its crest was gained. Then far below in front there twinkled forth a light, and another. The sight sent a surging rush of relief through Renshaw's heart. " Thanks be to God and all the blessed and glorious company of Heaven," he murmured reverently, raising his hat. For he knew that those lighted windows would not have shone so peacefully had any red horrific tragedy been there enacted. He was yet in time. CHAPTER XV. — The Midniggt Fob. " "Why, it's Renshaw !" cried Mrs Sel- wood, who, hearing the sound of hoofs mingling with the barking of the dogs, had come to the door. " We didn't expect you till to-morrow. Well, you're just in time. A few minutes more and we should all have gone to bed. Call Windvogel to take your horse, and come in." " I'll let him run ; he's about done up," he answered, removing saddle, bridle and headstall, and turning the animal adrift. " Has your business fallen through?" she asked, as he followed her into the passage and closed the door. " It has had to stand over. Come in here, Hilda,'' leading the way into an empty room. "I have something to tell you. No— never mind the light. The fewer lights shown the better." Then in as few words as possible he told her of the danger which hovered oyer them. Hilda Selwood came of a good old colonial stock, and was not lacking in nerve. Still, she would not have been a woman she realised the frightful peril which threatened herself and her children without a shudder. " We must do what we can, Renshaw," she said. " Perhaps they will not attack us." " Perhaps' Is a sorry word to start cam paigning upon. What we've got to do is to ensure them as warm a reception as possible if they do. My opinion is that they will, if only thas they seem to have bran watching the road. I believe they have ascertained by some means or othefrtfaat Chris is away. What people have you on the farm just now?" " Very few. There's Windvogel and old Jacob and Gomfana That's all." " Windvogel I don't trust. Shouldn't wonder, indeed, if the yellow scoundrel was in league with them. Old Jacob has more than one foot in lite grave— he's no good. But Gomfana, though he couldn't hit a haystack with a gun, might make nseful play with a chopper if it came to olose quarters. And now, look here," he went on, after a moment's hesitation, " the situation may be desperate. These seven oat-throats are fight ing with a noose round their necks. Every one of their lives is forfeited, and they are all well armed. Now, is there no suggestion yon can make towards strengthening the garri son?" " Why, of course, Marian and I both know how to shoot. That makes three of us. And, then, .we are Under cover." "Well spoken. But £ can improve on that idea — if yon can bring yourself to agree. Little chaps as thev are, Fred and Basil are better shots than either of you, and game to tbecore." Hilda Selwood gave a gasp. Her two little ones ! Why, they were mere babies bat yester day. ! And now she was to be called upon to sacrifice them — to expose them to the peril of desperate conflict whioh would fully tax the courage of grown men. «Td rather not. If it oould possibly be avoided," she said, at last. , " Verv walL But l'm much mistaken ii the young scamps won' t take the matter into their own hands' directly they hear a sbo fired. Now, how many guns bJ« There's mine— two of Chris's — that makes six barrels, the hoys' muzzle toadrae, ten barrels. Then Chris has a five- shooter "He took that with him." " Did he ? Well, I have a six. Altogether we shan't do badly. And, now, you had better break the news to Marian and Miss Avory while I slip down to the hut to rout out Gomfana. And lose no time barricad- ing the windows. Mattresses are the thing for that — almost ballet proof." Arming himself with a gun and Renshaw slipped out quietly, and nude his way to the huts. Gomfana, like mos natives, slept heavily, and took a deal of waking ; and bv the time the situation was brought home to his obtuse brain some minutes had bran lost. He was a sturdy youngster of about twenty — a " raw" Kafir— that is to say, one who had never been out of his native kraal, and was stupid and ignorant of European ways. But at the prospeot of a fight he grinned and brightened up. Just as they regained the house a glow suffused the sky against the mountain top, and a few minutes later a broad haif-moon was sailing high in tike heavens. Renshaw hailed its appearance with unbounded satis faction. The two girls had already lit their candles for bed when Mrs Selwood brought the un welcome news, judiciously omitting the ghastly . tragedy which could only horrify without encouraging the hearers. Their method of receiving it was as divergent as their characters. Marian, though she slightly changed color, remained perfectly cool and collected. Violet, on the other band, turned white as a sheet, and fairly shook with terror. It was ail they oould do to keep her from going into wild hysterics. "This sort of thing won't do at all, Miss Avory," said Renshaw, entering at that mo ment; his sable recruit hanging hack in tike doorway. " Why, all you've got to do is to lie down and go to sleep in perfect safety. If we exchange a shot or two that's all it will amount to. Come, now, I should have thought you would have enjoyed the excite ment ot a real adventure." Violet tried to smile, but it was the mere ghost of a smile. She still shivered and shook. And Renshaw bimBelf seemed ehanged. None of the diffident lover about him now. He seemed in his element at the prospect of peril In the midst of her fears Violet remembered Marian's eulogies on his coolness and resource in an emergency. The recollection quieted her, and she looked upon him with unbounded respect. Then she noted Marian's calm and resolute demeanor, and even fancied that the look of the latter was expressive of something like contempt — wherein die was mistaken, but the idea acted as a tonic to brace her nerves. Having seen to the firearms and ammuni tion, and cautioned the women to remain where they were and allow no more light to be seen than they oonld help, Renshaw went the round of the house. Effie and the two little ones were sleeping soundly, so also were the two boys. Opening the door, he looked cau tiously out. All was still. He had decided that the four corner rooms should be the points of defence, and the windows, acoordiugly, were not barricaded. The others were rendered secure by fixing against each a couple of mattresses. Then he went back to the ladies. The house was now all in darkness, 'but the moonlight streaming in above the protecting mattresses gave sufficient light for all pur poses. " Now, good people," he said, cheerily, "you may all go to bed. I'll call you when I want you. I'm going to watch at one corner, and Gomfana will take the other. There'll be no catching us napping. Be sides, the dogs will raise the most awful shillaioo if anyone heaves in sight." Shakedowns had been improvised on the floor with rugs and pillows. In great measure, reassured by Marian's unconcern, Violet consented to lie down. Mrs Selwood betook herself to her children's room. The moon mounted higher and higher to the zenith, flooding the land with an eerie and chastened half light. The monotonous chirrup of the tree-frog, the shrill baying of a pair of hunting jackalls, the occasional crv of a nightbird mournfully eohoing from the mountain side, floated to the watcher's ear. I Unremitting in his vigilance, Renshaw moved silently from room, to room, his un erring eye scanning the ground at every point, and keeping his sable lieutenant np to the mark, lest that worthy should be tempted to doze, But Gomf&na;, who was armed with an axe and soma assegais taken from a wall trophy, was rather thirsting for the en counter than otherwise. Some hundred and fifty yards from the main dwelling was a large outhouse block, comprising stables, waggon shed, shearing house, etc. On this point Renshaw's atten tion was mainly concentrated, lie felt sure that the miscreants would take advantage of the shadow of this building to creepnp as near as they conld. Another point that needed watching was the thick quince hedge which skirted the garden, and whiA now afforded a shade congenial to the ""fonts' movements. Nothing is more trying to the nerves than a lonely nocturnal vigiL Host men, brave enough in actual danger, would have felt the "creepy" effect of those silent hours as they strained their eyes upon the surrounding veldt, now oonstrmng a shadow into an enemy—now hearing a whisper of voices— the tread of a stealthy footstep — in the vary- ing and spectral sounds of the night. Bat Renshaw's solitary - and wandering life had inured him to these things. FKff chief con siderations were firstly, lest the drowsy feel ing whioh he was doing his utmost to combat should tend to dim his vigilance ; secondly the stilling of his cravings for just one care fully guardedpipe. Suddenly the faintest possible creak of a footfall on the floor banind him. He turned like lightning. " H's only me," whispered a soft voice. And a tall figure approached in the gloom " Marian ! Why are yeu not lying down with the rest P "They're all asleep now, even Violet Look, I brought yon some sandwiches. Yon hardly ate anything when yon cama in. You set to work upon them at once, and lU mount sentry while yon hating Mow good of yon," heaaid, Ming the plate from Iter, and also tha glaaa of brandy and water which she had mixed for Mm " Why, what have you there 1 A shooting iron ?" 1 Of eonrae. You don't suppose I was j going to leave my gun behind when we are in a state of siege, do yon ?" She carried a double - barrelled breechloader — rifle and shot cartridge — and there was a warrior flash in her eyes visible in the moon light, which told that she meant to use it, too, if occasion required. " It is very lonely for yon, watching all by " yourself," she oontinuea. "I thought I would come and keep you company." "So like you again. But look here, y<triiin) dear. Yon must not be exposed to danger. Single-handed I can make such an example of the sohepsels that they'll probably turn and ran. Still, they might let fly a shot or two. Yon will go bacx to the others if I ask yon— will you not ?" Her heart thrilled tumultuously within her. In the darkness she need be at no pains to conceal the tell. tale expression of her face. Ah, but — his tones, t.hongh affectionate, were merely brotherly. That might be, but, still, whatever peril he might undergo it should he her privilege to share it—her sweet privilege — and she would share it. \- 'No; I will not," she answered, de cisively. " I can be as cool as anyone living, maq or woman. Feel my hand ; there is not a tremble in it." And her fingers closed round M« In a firm steady clasp, in which there was nothing nervous, nothing spas modic. "I believe you can," he answered, " but I was thinking of your safety." "My safety!'' she interrupted. Then in a different tone, "How do yon suppose they'll come, Renshaw ? Walk openly to the house or try- to creep up in the shadow ?" "The last. You see they showed their hand by tackling me npon the road. Yet, they may think I've tamed in and bothered no more about it. Hallo!" "What is it?" ' I could have sworn I heard something. I've got long ears — like a donkey, yon will say." Both listened intently, the woman with less eagerness, less anxiety than the man. There was a kind of exaltation abont Marian to-night. Her nerves were as firm as those of her male companion himself ; and the cer tainty of a bloody conflict was to her, in her j then frame of mind, a mere matter of detail. " Ah ! I thought I was right," he went on, as a premonitory " woof " from one of the j dogs lying around the house was followed by a general uprising and clamor on the part of the whole lot. Then, baying savagely, they started off in foil charge in the direction of the dark line of snade thrown by the willows fringing che dam, and on the oppo site side to that watched by Renshaw and his companion. " Marian, just go to the other side and look if yon oan see anything. You won't, I know ; but, still, there's no harm in making sure." She obeyed. From that side of the house nothing was visible except a long stretch of sickly moonlight and the line of trees. But the dogs had disappeared within the shade of the latter, and were raising a clamor that was truly infernal. They seemed to be holding something or somebody in check. Then she returned to her former post. " There's nothing there," she said, "at present. Ah !" Three ehadowy figures were flitting round the angle of the outhouse block above men tioned. They gained the shade thrown by the front of it — crouched and waited. "Here they are," whispered Renshaw, under his breath. " I was up to that dodge. One fellow was cold off to draw off the dogs, while these jokers sneaked up. in the opposite direction. Look — here oome the rest. ' Two more figures followed the first — then another. All were now crouching in the shadow of the outhoosra. Still the yelling clamor of ths dogs sounded distant on the other side, kept up with unabated fury. CHAPTER XVI. — Catching A TAETAS. " Now, Marian," whispered Renshaw. " This is going to be a life and death business, remember. It's them or ourselves. You are sure von have no womanish qualms in favor of ' riving them a chance, ' or anymadaess of that kind?" " You will see !'' was the curt reply, and the tone was snffinient. . " All right. When I say ' Now, yon must let into the fellow Nil point out to you. Use your shot barrel, remember. Fm going to let them get quite close, and we'll give them a heavy charge off loepera apiece. Then, if we get a show, we'll follow it up with rifle practice." She whispered assent, and for some moments they strained their eyes upon the shade of the out-buildings. Suddenly one dark figure flitted noiselessly out, fol lowed by another and another, till the whole gang were fall in sight, advancing in a diagonal hue. " Keep cool, Marian, keep cool," warned Renshaw. " Wait for the word. They are not nearly close enough yet." On oame the six cat- throats. Two Hack men led — then a bratiallooking undersized Bushman Hottentot ; his hideous veliow face, repulsive in the moonlight, cruel, ape like; his eyes rolling in eager, ferocious expectation of the sanguinary orgy whioh awaited. The otber three "were half-bloods. Five of them carried guns, the sixth a pistoL Again Renshav had done the very best thing he could, in shaping the plan we have heard him lay down. On they came. Once the leader raised his hand, and all stepped, listening intentiv The wild clamor of the dogs still arose to t.h« duatnoo. BeMraied, the ecoSSlf vanoed, swiftly, noiselessly. Seventv— aixfcv —fifty — forty yards. « Ready, Marian ! Take the third fellow— Now!" Crash I Crash I The double report bellowed forth into the midnight stillness. Mingling with it oame a horrid scream. Marian's aim naa oeen rmA and deadly. The leader of the gangT eSS! wart Kafir, had made one leap into the air and had fallen forward on his face. He lay motionless. Again Renshaw drew tiW- bringing a third man to the grass, his tame shattered. Then the unexpected took place. Instep , m_ hndfcng flight. ,7 defenders had reckoned, tne surviving three rushed madly round to the other side of the boose, a bullet from Renshaw's six shoot, faffing to stop them. " Stay here, Marian," whispered the latter hurriedly. " Draw on the first fellow who shows himself " And in a trice he was round to meet the new attack. What was this? No sign of the enemv Had they fled? Suddenly a crash of glass— a scuffle and « torrent of Dutch corses. Quickly the position stood revealed. There stood Gomfana, holding on to a human figure which was half in and half oat of the window — head and shoulders through the shattered sash. He had got the fellow firmly by the neok with one hand, while with the other he was striving all he knew to drag him in by his cloihing. But the villain — a stalw&rt; half-breed— was almost too much for the sturdy young Kafir. The latter would have aeseg&ied; him in a moment had he owned three hands. Having but two, however, and these t«eo being re quired to hold on to his enemy, it was out of the question — but hold on he did. " Stop struggling or 111 shoot you dead !" said Renshaw, in Dutoh, placing the muztie of his pistol against the man's body. Tne fellow, thoroughly oowed, obeyed, and Gom fana, with a final effort, hauled him bodily into the room, amid a terrific shatter of falling glass. 5 " What on earth's the row, Uncle Ren. shaw ?" said a hoy's voice. " Fred, cat away and find a reim." (Rope is little used in South Africa, its place being supplied by raw hide thongs, termed as above). "Sharp's the word— mind." In a twinkling the yougater was back with the required article, and almost as quiokly Renshaw's ready hand had strapped up the midnight robber bo that the latter could not move a limb. Now, all this had happened in far less time than it has taken to narrate. (to bb continued. 