OCCASIONAL PAPERS. THE INTELLECT OF THE DOO. Br Andrew Lang (in the Illustrated London News';. In a recent American magazine Mr. Shaler discoursed of the intellect of the dog. In | his opinion, man has done much to develop the dog's mental powers and processes, and man may do more. I cannot but hold that Mr. Shaler is wrong. The relations between man and the dog hare been injurious to both; it is hard to say which partner has suffered most. According to Bacon, or some other writer, " Man is the God of the dog." A child may see, at a glance, that for a being so babyish, capricious, and unreasoning as man, this elevation into divinity must be per nicious. It brings out all man's worst qualities, just as being a god to men brought out the worst qualities of Zeus, Apollo, Quetzaicoatl, and other beings, who, had there been no men in the world, might have lived moderately useful and respectable lives on Olympus. We can hardly think of these gods without pity. It was we who made them what they were, by our adulation and humiliating submissiveness. "Society is responsible." I am sometimes told that I am responsible for the intoxicated person in the street, because " it is the fault of society," whereof I am a component part. 1 never could understand this theory, but it is certain that, had men not played a lowly part before the Greek gods, the morals of earth and Olympus would have been much better. The gods became as bad as George IV. or Charles II., the temptations were too great for them. Who can stand forth and say that he would have behaved any better? In exactly the sume sort, the slavish dog awakes in man the spirit of absolutism, of despotic tyranny. He can do as he pleases with his dog, and he goes on to do as he pleases with his wife, his children, and everybody who will stand it. Again, the servile hound, by his persistent flatteries, rouses an exorbitant affection in many minds. Their dog oomes first; he may bite, he may bark and annoy the neighbours, he may take (as he alway does) the best arm chair, he may get trodden on, and absolutely ruin our nerves by his cowardly yells of pain, and the owner recks not. The whole comfort of toiling humanity is nothing to a dog's owner's mind ; his only thought is for his pampered minion. A dog is always in the way, by day or night. He distracts atten tion, interrupts conversation, makes your boots muddy, and introduces insects, " whence is derived the verb ' to flee.' " Thus the dog has demoralised man, and man has ruined the independence and the intellect of the dog. hiaturally, 110 doubt, the hound started with as goon brains as mauy other beasts. But he has grown accus tomedyto have alpiis thinking done for him b^ian.--Vacant and indolent, he sits and jBcmtches-himself. If ever he starts a train otrceasoning, he leaves off—to scratch. "Mr. Shaler says that the dog shows no sSnse " as to the nature of any mechanical contrivance." He does not even believe that a dog will lift a latch. Hero he is wrong. 1 have known a greyhound lift the latch of a courtyard door at home. His motive was to get into the dairy, where there was, as he knew, a large roll of butter. He was next seen with butter melting in his mouth. It is not that a dog is a congenital idiot, as sdme maintain ; it is that, as a rule, he gets his thinking done for him ; every want is sedulously anticipated and supplied. As to " mechanical contrivances " arid canine. in; difference, I am not blaming the dog. As Dr. Johnson said about clean linen, I have no tanatical partiality for mechanical con trivances myself, no interest in them .what ever. I possess no theory of the common pump ; that is for Cambridge jmeo. X have no idea how a steam-engine works, and do not want to know. It is no affair of taint nor are these things any affair of the dog's. He cau, on occasion, use them. I have known a dog to pall the front door bell with His teeth, when he wanted to enter. He was a Newfoundland, named Oscar. The dog can do all these things if it seems worth while. I have known a dog who was a fetish worshipper. If a certain porcelain statuette was placed before him, he exhibited every sign of superstitious horror. He was a collie, named Fingal; he was cowardly, superstitious, dishonest, but was the soul of friendship, and had a rare sense of humour. Dogs (as I have proved elsewhere) after death retain some power as " phantas mogenetic agencies." They have ghosts, and 1 presume, enjoy a future life. Thus I am n no way prejudiced against the dog; I make every admission, going even further than many philosophers. But the dog has ■ been rained by association with man. He is devoured (like so many people now) by a craving for society. Human company he must nave, or he becomes ennuyi. He can not take a walk by himself, he must have a human being with him. Pampered and adulated, he cannot hunt successfully by himself. If you have ever seen terriers hunt ing rabbits, yon mast have observed that they do so most umntelligently. While silence is necessary, they yelp all the time. They give the rabit every warning, and Brer Babbit merely plays with them. They never catch him ; they cannot even see him at a little distance. You cannot point out any thing to a dog. You cannot direct his atten tion, he has so little of it to give. If left alone in a forest, the demoralised iicund of civilisation would starve. In a natural con 1 dition, unspoiled by man, a dog can probably catch rabbits. Now, cats are far cleverer at killing game for themselves than the silly dog, who runs barking about. The dog has no tact. A barrister had a bull-dog, and that dog, otherwise peaceful, always pinned attorneys' clerks. He appeared to regard this as his professional duty, misled by what misapprehension I proteas myself unable to conjecture. Vet, when his master took to literature, this dog never bit a critic. In brief, we have ruined the dog—he is a proselyte ten times worse than ourselves. 