QUIRINDI. Police Court.— Before H. Munro and W. Hawker, Js.P. Thomas Norman was fined £1 levy and distress, in default seven days, for indecent behaviour. George Thomas was charged with stealing one iron-gray mare and foal the property of Alfred Thrift. On the application of the police accused was remanded for eight days. Auctioneers licenses were granted to Messrs. J. G. Snape, J. A. Moore, and A. Agassiz for the district, and W. Doyle (of the firm of Cadell and Doyle) was granted district licenses for Maswellbrook, Murrurundi, and Narrabri. Cricket.— Great interest is taken in a match to take place this afternoon between the Gazette Chambers and Messrs. Mclntosh and Co. The New Archdeaconry. — The Rev. Bishop of Grafton and Arfiiidale has appointed the Eev. W. J. K. Piddington as Archdeacon of Tamworth, and that gentleman has signified his intention of ac cepting the dignity. The Archdeacon designate will be installed by the Bishop in his own church at Tamworth shortly before ChriBtma3. The Weather. — We have had some very hot sultry days lately. The high temperature is evi dently the cauBe o£ considerable discomfojt and indisposition among the inhabitants around this part. All the tanks are running dry, and it is quite a common thing here to see people making towards the river -at night with cans and buckets of all descriptions. The thermometer at the Post Office registered aB follows :— Saturday, 90max., 60min. ; Sunday, 92max., 63min. ; Monday, 94max., 67min. ; and on Sunday afternoon the record Btood at 120 degrees in the sun. . ? Riplt! Ci/ub Meeting. — The members of the local Rifle Club, which has long Bince become defunct, held a meeting. Mr. Underwood occupied the chair. Mr.DiokBou (Secretary) read the balane sheet, which showed the balance to credit iB .£50 9s 4d. After a lot of discussion it was finally decided to give away MO to the different charitable objects of local interest. This lsft a balance of £10 9s 5d, which it was decided to leave untouched for the preHeui*. Coroner's Inquest.— An inquest was held at the Court House on Monday last before the Coroner (George Nowland, Esq., J.P.), on the fire which took place on the 23rd inst. at Mr. Theodore Farrow's farm. After a long enquiry the matter was left to the jury, which brought in a verdict to the effect that the haystack had been set on fire malici ously and feloniously by some person or persons unknown. The Coroner said he fully 'agreed with the verdict, and said he did not see how they could bring it in otherwise. Srop-Ts.— Mr. C. P. O'Neill will hold a day's sports here on Boxing Day. The gathering will undoubt edly be a big success. The New Bishop.— On Saturday last the Bight Beverend Dr. Green, Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, honoured us with a visit. His Lordship was met at the station by our popular incumbent, the Bev. George Sowter, and several members of the congregation, and, after receiving a cordial reception from all denominations, drove to Mr. E. W. Doyle's beautiful residence at Euraba, where the distinguished churchman remained for the rest of his stay. What seemed to enter into the minds of moat people was the fact that Dr. Green was the first Australian bishop by birth who had risen to occupy such a high position in the colonies. We believe he is the first biahop of any denomination pro4ooed by tfco colonies therefore, hki elevation shows the dawn of something new and better as far as clerical matterB are concerned. We have no moro use for played-out clericals from England, ] Ireland, or Scotland, whilst we have men of the ability and advanced reasoning powers of Dr. Green. With a few more like him in charge of ( dioceses, the day would close darkly for the hermo- : phrodite of bigotry and its worn-out old parent ; ignorance. His Lordship remarked fchat he had found the incumbent of the parish, Mr. Sowter, to be a very energetic man, and had therefore laid out plenty of work for him to do. Referring to the office of a bishop, he said that the time had gone by when certain assumptions of rank, such as that of a nobleman or peer, were attached to the position. The position was a spiritual one, and should be productive of spiritual blessings. ? People had the idea now, he added, that bishopB were required for use instead of for ornament. On Sunday morning the church doors were crowded considerably before the usual time for seivice. The good old clergyman from Murrurundi, the Rev. W. Marshall, was also .present. After the candidates for Communion were admitted, the bishop delivered an address referring to the first instance of Con firmation, when the church at Jerusalem sent the Apostles Peter and John to those who had received the Word of God in Samaris, and they laid their handB upon them and they received the Holy Ghost. In the evening Dr. Green preached to a crowded congregation representing all denomina tions. He took for his text the parable of the mustard seed, and dealt with its in a masterly fashion, holding his large congregation almost spellbound for about an hour and a-half. The local papers quote him as ' a white man.' November 28. . 