SUPERSTITION. Says; a Victorian contemporary :-The! latest blow at " superstition " in London takes the very practical and not unpleasant form of a specialty good dinner, so con structed as to come into violent collision with all tlve evil omens known to the litera ture of magic. The belief that a malign influence lurks in, the number thirteen is nearly as old as Christianity, and survives I under modern conditions in very odd forma. Multitudes still vaguely believe that if thirteen persons sit down to dinner at one I table "something will happen," and the i " life-risk" of the whole unhappy thirteen j is sensibly augmented. A poet so essentially modern as Berangkr has.woven this grim superstition in. a sonnet. In London, how ever, a group of daring and "advanced " spirits,_ with Mr. HARKY Furnjss. of Punch, at their head, have resolved to deliver mankind feom the terror of this particular superstition. They have organised them selves inio the London Thirteen Club, and carry on their warfare for truth by the. pleasing device of a series of annual dinners. Their last dinner was held' on January 13, in No. 18room of the Holborn Restaurant, the 130 guests, including a considerable section of the Hoii.se of Commons, being seated in groups of thnteen at ten tables. The guests all wore green ties; they entered the room with the left foot first, a ladder being arranged over the door bo that each guest should pass under ii. Great pains werie taken to secure cross-eyed waiters. Each guest received a small skeleton as a "button- hole," the table lights were placed in plaster-of-paris skulls; the serviettes were decorated with peacocks feathers ; and in place of salt-cellars there were small coffins with headstones, bearing on one side a skull and cross- bones and on the other the inscription, " To the memory " of many senseless superstitions killed by "the Thirteen Club, 1894." Small grave diggers' shovels did duty for salt-spoons. Two of the invited guests did not put in an appearance, their courage having obviously failed them; and, as it would have been a breach of one of the chief rules of the club to dine less than thirteen at a table, the difficultly was got over by converting two of the waiters into guests. In front of the chairman was suspended that "fatal bird," the peacock, with its tail fully outspread, linked to an alarming picture consisting of "a rudely-painted scene on a green ground " of a witch with an evil eye watching over " a seething cauldron, around which were " depicted imps and owls and a black "cat with stiffened tail. The scroll bore " the word, ' Life would be endurable, but " for its superstitions.'" The dinner was announced by the solemn fracture of a mirror. At a given stage of the proceedings " the company spilt salt with the chairman " and then joined him in breaking mirrors, " for which purpose a small round glass was "supplied to each person." There are limits, however, to even the courage of the London Thirteen Club, and " it was noticed " that some visitors preferred putting these " Email round) glasses in their pockets to " breaking them." To an accompaniment of alarming ceremonies of this character the members of the London Thirteen Club, greatly daring, dined, and then went home having duly " remembered " the cross-eyed waiters, let ue hope-with a gratifying sense that they had struck one more blow at" superstition." Is all this mere fun, or are we to take the London Thirteen Club and their perform ances seriously! The members of that i remarkable body, it is clear, are themselves j more than half m earnest, and by that very circumstance prove that they are at bottom ! highly superstitious persons. It would be absurd to suspect Mr. Habky Fobniss of being deficient in humour; but, if it be regarded as a mere- joke, the London Thirteen Club itself with its ghastly dinner is a very melancholy bit of humour indeed. What dull degs they must be who adopt skeletons as "buttonholes," elaborately collect cross- eyed waiter to attend on them, and solemnly take pains to enter the dining room with the left foot first, in order to j impart a flavour of humour to their dinner! The dinner of the London Thirteen Club, bv an odd paradox, only becomes humorous wnen it is taken seriously and regarded as a grave effort to demonstrate by actual ex periment that no malign forces lurk in a peacock's tail, in the orbs of cross-eyed waiters, in the accident of spilt salt, and in the number thirteen. The gentlemen who take such elaborate and solemn pains to convince themselves and everybody else that the .figure thirteen is an entirely numeral must at bottom have considerable doubts on the subject. That wit showed a much more genuine and healthy scepticism who said he fully believed there v;an one case in which it was really unlucky for i thirteen persons to sit down at one table to dinner, and that was when there was only dinner enough for twelve. 1^6 report of tj(ie Thivtequ Club ayd. its performances started in, the London: Press a very amusing correspondence on the whole subject of omens and superstitious beliefs. The letters, mostly irrelevant and often semi-idiotic, recito numerous instances,. " all delightfully unverified, of dreams that proved true,, ©f evil omens that fulfilled themselves in the most tragical fashion, and of days obstinately unlucky to particular families. No less a person than Mr. Mki/ton PRIOR, the well-known ; ?war ^artist, tells the story of how, being " despatched by the Illustrated London News to the Cape during the Zulu war. he twice dreamed on the voyage that he saw himuelf killed by a bullet, and assisted as a spectator' at his own funeral. Shortly after his arrival in Durban he x*eceived a letter froro. his mother reciting a dream exactly like his own, and begging him not to accompany the? force advancing fori the relief ofEtchowe*. Mr. MELTON PRIOR is the pluckiest of men, but this volley of coincident dreamB proved too much for him. He cabled to his employers that he could not go to Eichow^ and sent a substitute in his place, who was. the first man shot in the fight! Mr. ANDREW LANG, though the most jaunty of critics, argues that since exactly similar beliefs in the malign potency of certain numbers and acts, and in; the reality of dream warnings, &c.y; emerge independently into ail ages and amongst all nationalities, they deserve to be treated with scientific respect and gravely explored. Perhaps the wisest way. of treating such phenomena, how ever, is that adopted by Lord Wolsmey. He was invited to join the Thir teen Club in its gastronojiic campeign against superstition. To this Lord Wolsbley replied" by saying thai superstitions wero " the very " salt of life to him." " I not only believe/' he wrote, " in many superstitions, but I hug " them with the warmest affection !" Des cending to details, the hero of Tel- el-Kebir writes :-" I believe ip ghosts and in amulets ; " I have worn out the rims o£ several hats " since I have been in Dublin through ray " salutations of single magpies-that uirs-ii® " bird abounds in Ireland-;md I would not oa " any account walk under a ladder, &c.; in fact, .* I am pron.e to adopt any superstition I em " told of which I and others believe in. How, ''therefore, could I express Fv:.;pftf.hj with "the objects of your club ?" Lord Woxeeut, however, must not too confidently be inclsded in tbecatalogue of the credulous. He keeps his superstitions for purely artistic pnrpo?c<K. "They link me,'1 he says, "if not with a spirit n-i " world of which I know nothing, at least with " a glorious and artistic and juiturctquc pa^fc "of which history lias told me much." This is surely a much saner way of treating all semi-heathtnish and semi-lunatic belief.- in charvns end omens and "signs" t&un; that adopted by the Thirteen Club. 