THE MAN IN THE 'STREET. It is well to write the-f-iregoing words, hut when the Man, in the Street meats very few otber men io the street, and they have nothing to say, the priceBS of manufacturing a column of gossip is veiy muoh like the task set the Israelites of malsng bricks without straw. It Is a positive fact that for many years past I have never known matters so wretchedly dnll from every point of view, and the one glint of consolation is that they are -Just as dull—or: duller—elsewhere. That there is a~ good deal of fun and go left in- us is plainly ' evinced by the^lopgliBt-of sports,-exebrsions, picnics, &c.;, which have taken, and are itq tiuke, place; but. these things are hot germane to the street, and consequently somewhat out of. my purview. Still it may be taken as a sign that times are not too bad when it is noticed with what avidity all sorts of amusements are participated in, and^when.we reflect-that Eastsr.is hear at hand with its festivities to follow. -Give me Sale, after all—there are few better places to live in, and .a very great many worse. Por instance, I .visited Melbourne a week or two Bince. A few hours in the city proper-is enough to give anyone a St of. the blues. To promenade that part of Melbourne given to business is- to listen to one prolonged groan. It is twelve months since I was last down, and the d^iression then apparent has been intensified a hnndredfold, The streets seemed filled with ghosts, I was glad to get out of the place and back again to Gippsland, And yet apart from the "men you have known," the place seems to a .visitor to go on in the same old reekless aod gay manner. But I was as forcibly struck with- one thing, which is that one gets everywhere a great deal mors civility than one did in the boom times, when tradespeople appeared to think that they conferred a favour upon their customers by serving them, and people get considerably better value for their money. The lesson chiefly inculcated by my brief visit was that in the country we have much 6b be. tbaokfiil for if we only knew it, and it is to be hoped that it iB one which will b> laid to heart by the rising generation. A few years ago lads were not satisfied-unless they could ruBh off to the metropolia—tbere are hundreds now almoBt homeless and foodless, who would give their" ears to be baok in their native hills or valleys. The experience will doubtless do good—we shall -have our. youngster* looking for "the work; .which lies nearest to their hands—and there is plenty to^ tound in 'orir cwri* Gippsland by the energetic. ,. .Mindl-donotdeny.that.thereiarei menBepriffilegeatobeB a ihedbyareByen(;6 in the metropoliB.'It ia the^centre of the intiellectual life <of the colony ; its chnrche^ schools, picture galleries, - libraries, theatres, facilities for amusement of all sorts, are certainly not to be equalled anywhere. ; Yet I do not think that the average Melbourne man cares for many of those things. He iB usually too jaded in tbe fierce race for wealth to care much for them, and he takes hiB pleasure all in a lump at some period of the year, as far as ever he can get from thei incessant jingle and roar of the trams. -' Let me illustrate this by a couple of instances. I was anxious to see a new picture at the Gallery, and induced a friend, a resident of Melbourne for a score ot years, to gowithme. It was the first time that he had been ir-side the Public Library, and I think he was a little astonished. At any rate hB informed me confidentially that he should make a point of 'going again and taking his 'wife with him "some day." Similarly I induced another .Collitis-street man to. attend.-the evening service at the Cathedral. He is, for all I know, a good Church of England man, but he had never seen more of the Cathedral than could ba taken in by the eye from the dummy of a tram. However, the building and the music suited him "down to the ground, and he intimated that iu future the collection would occasionally be benefited by his presence. It was a little different at the theatre. At the Princess I had the pleasure of falling in with lots of friends, and really I do not wonder, for the way Messrs Williamson and Musgrove cater for their patrons is beyond praise, "The .Gondoliers" was on, and this brightest opera could not have been better presented, for the appointments were perfect. What a treat ic is to see "aotiop-" after a surfeit of amateur performances, believed by the principals to be beyond criticism. Speaking of Messrs Williamson and Musgrove and amateurs, though the two may not sssm to have the slightest connection, it may not be known that one of the partners, Mr Geo. Musgrove, is a polite letter writerof no mean skilL Recently, in some place or other, let ns call itBarataria, an amateur performance was given,, at which one ol Gilbert and fiulIivahV minor operas was presented, in aid of thelocal Ladies'Benevolent Society. Financially the affair was a fizzle, tbe expenses being somewhat cumbrous, a fact for which the ladies were not in any way to blame. So the hon. secretary wrote to Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove for a remission of "the fee' which they, as agents for the operatic authors authors had a right to expect, and received the .following reply:—"To the Hon. Sec, af the Ladies'Benevolent Society of Barataria.—Dear Madam,—We are in receipt of your favor of the 2nd inst. We receive very many applications of the same kind as your present one, and we must treat all alike. If we were to forego the feeB to your society, we should absolutely have to forego the fees to every similar society in Australasia, and, as we are responsible to the authors arid com- posers, you will see that it is not to be expected that we should do BO. We - presume all entertainments given by amateur societies are, of a consequence, for the benefit of some charity. The society giving such entertainment should, I think, pay the author's fess. The primal inducement for amateurs to give a public 'entertainment is to gratify their own pleasure, and in -some, .cases vanity; and, of coursej- if there is a; profit on the entertainment it must be devoted to charity, If there is hot a profit, the members of the society expect ns to pay fees for them, .which is entirely out of the question. Yon will understand, of course, that it is: not your individual case to which I refer, but rather the broad question, which applies to the whole-of Australasia." As. the Grand Inquisitor would say, "Neatly put;" and I trust that agood many buddiug amateurs will laytbe lesson conveyed in tins very sensible epiBile to heart. The married lady teachers are particularly wrath with Mr Baker for the decision he has come to respecting their retirement the service, save under exceptional circumstances. Some of those were that they might be the possessors of invalid or drunken and good-fornothing Jbnsbands. It is a curious satire on ithe etatB of society tolearu, "presumably on the 'authority of. Mr.Bakei: and the Education Department, that as soon aa the tact was promnlgated it began, so to speak, to rain dissolute and drahken husbahdB, and that harrowing tales of domestic woe have beer: poured into Baker's ears. ' l am-glad that be is making strict enquiries into the truth of these stories. It is, of course, impolite to doubt the word of a ladv. but it is a little Bingular that the stories of cruelty and neglect, sin and sorrow, caused by the husbands of theladieB who adorn though married—the service were never heard of before ! I hays heard of a gentlemau who lived in chambers—the story is related by Charles Dickens—who hanged himself partly became London was too small for him, and partly because it was a bore to have to wind his watch np every evening : bat really I think, that his stats of mind could have been nothing compared to that of the Ballarat young lady, aged 14, who last week burned down her mother's boarding' house because she was tired of living there, and -wanted a change of scene! There is something truly heroic about the proceedings, and the youthful genius should betaken great CUB of—m a penitentiary. Perhaps after a, course of compulsory sequestration from the giddy pptskirts of Ballarat, even a boarding honse might' be thought by her to be not in- -tolerable 1 TfH There ls.nothing which amuses me mort than to read in the columns of some little bush papsria "leading article- dealing With. Enropean or Asiatic pohtlcs, eautaomng .Gladscone against this, or BiBmarck against that, making it hot for the Emperor of all the Russias and even for the. Emperor of China i, The conductors of these journalistic animal- Ctttedonb tleBB feel that it is eafe to .bully and bluster people tenthouBand miles off, thongh they would not calltheir sonls their own in thB presence of a local grocer who was "m the Gouncil" or the parish attorney, --Some of our more immediate contemporaries need to bB quite famous for this kmd of, thmg. but they have apparently lost all interest m the fates of natiobs, But a new power has arisen ill the land—at Omeo—and the editor of tbe youngest jonrnal there wields as terrible a lssh: as did the redoubted .Potts of iEutanswill -memory. -The elevationiof Iiord Roseherv;- -whom: ne.off; h anaedly jdeBignates as "Rosebeiy - to the Premnership does jiot please him, The-editor of the Omeo Telograph cannot Jorget fhat-Rose bee ""is lamtsd with the diseasB 'germs of Sfc Switisfy'e ( )Lane." find out whaf thiB means one might Searti in and out and ronnd abont, and yet discover never, bnt the writer »-magnanimous and condescends to .fail ' his, readersthat wben'.'RoBehery' marneda Roth- Echild/'hethrewinmBelfintotheatmsof the BIGGEBTORGANISAFIONSNENTOPBFOT'THBMAN^ lation ofintcrnationalqnostionB," Whonaman msrrieB hBgenerally, ihrows^-iunue'/'^Jnto.the arms of his wife, bnt thB Telegraph man ie beyond eentiment, and solemnly wares ns thai" Itosebery and the RothschHds will perhaps^ "lead to the downfaU of the boasted British Empire This IB really dreadful, hot it is to bB hoped that Croajingalong -will never suffer; tfatfto occur. A friend of mine who lives Hear 4>ownhae tia kitchen ruled over, by a young JaSy whose hair s of a very li aly anbnm. She had an afternoon off not ong mnca,^.nd ;next morning her master having occasion to use early, dis covered a black haired damsel nthfc culinary dopart c 6 iiat ra ly c umns,=Jie: MiBde « DPCt on at cl er qnartarB,,and fonnd it waa Bridget herself Goo gracious,girl," he En 1 W t havo von b Den;-,aoiog :to»vontself • Well s rr saia©r«dget;ssffhlfipSng; off a wig an discloh ng her. bane ^pall, ."yo <sse y hair wa oomugsoffi!»and#fhad"mV' ma shaved Lnt, m rjgooa girl, why ftBi dcus d d you not get <me totBtttttpkSWt^ vo ir -d mpl no * Ye etee,' -said the' economic! Bndgot tho luiathiafofjajsarber want 35i. frrir S ne Jiut bWVs »ot«o ashonahle, and LB let life hate tins JorOSs; bd® "'op bald 1 nkingCTaatareipersafles; Balaclava «nd is t e adfiiiation^Jof^thK ^Vhb urf od-> ^ Jyutaba d n t m Iron a Iiancahire paper joceivcd a j ail or =o -smce, concerning rrliTr I I | M r Snp aysn{, annom lor IHB devil goe^ ab-.ut like a roanng hon wh m fan frnV.^eTOnr,'-jand,5 tuiaing to thB congregation, said, "lihinkit (ml rgllt mention beTo^|Ptei'nien'cingauy uermon that during til ManchBster^itAukal ei erv part of'iliiB <1 tioncawtlep ntjoid uotjona word in -2iDto^bat±1 e lata cclioni straight jand J. o longer vnfuiB t Capta n Pim in'tiie mouing If tl e <;oi Votihetjc«Dtr>ct forpam 5rouia only shin fplhe A»ne JnigohiB prdfer, «o | 1noe»ianWy pV«]fcim^aie id feom <«bT loUhWi, M 4ardyHnulnn'aVoGld ix a 