[?] ROMANCE OF THREE LIVES. [By Gertrude Warden.] Chapter XIII. — Fjelice's Visitoe. Maurice had in no way exaggerated when he alluded to the change fo'r the better in the Stoneroyd household since Tehee's arrival. Lady Fenton was perfectly willing that her daughter-in-law- should con cern herself with what she loftily described as 'kitchen details,' if her tastes lay in that direction, and Louisa Greet carried out all Police's sugges tions with energetic loyalty. Beady money had always been a scarce commodity in|theFenton house hold, and Louisa had been in the habit of running up bills to be settled at some indefinite future, date, probably by application to Maurice. But Felice, grateful for the asylum granted her on her husband's deser tion, and desperately anxious to be at length of use somewhere, drow upon her own capital in order to establish method and solvency in the house of her husband's -relations, with the re sult that signs of order and of beauty began to be manifest under her stong, quiet influence. Only Margaret declined in any way to recognise the value of what she termed ' them new-fangled and inter fering wayB.-' Before Louisa her tongue was tied ; but down in the lodge, by old Grierly's fire, Margaret's sullen reserve igaye place to° mysterious hints as to c what would come of all this,' and 'what people must be blind not ^to see/ together with still more darkly worded references to the past ; to all of which the ' odd man 'listened in- contempla- tive silence, his pipe in his mouth, and his eyes fixed on the glowing coals. Mr Grieily was comfortably lodged in a well-built, water-tight erection, over which far more money had by comparison been spent on warmth and repairs, than had been laid -out on Stoneroyd itself. The lodge boasted a modern slate roof, and' some good furniture, and the wages of its master w.ere never in arrears. Never, at least, for the past seven years1 of his employment in the service of the Fentons, before which period he had been. as well-worked and as' ill-paid as the other domestics. Ill-natured persons might well have hinted that he was well treated to keep his mouth shut on the subject of the tragic death of his nephew and adopted son Ned, and- to reward- him for having made so little stir at the' time of the inquest. But Mr Grierly was not given to gossip. He had taken root at Stone royd fully twelve years ago, and was not to be moved from thence by any such trifle as the ghastly murder of his sole relation under the shadow of Btoneroyd s walls. He was a secretivfi nlrl. man. nf unruffled temper, and impervious, to cross-examination ; short and bent in figure, and of an astonishingly ugly countenance, crossed and recrossed by countless furrows. Neither Birming ham Louisa nor London Margaret wielded the slightest influence over this Yorkshire1 fossil. Whether ,/he thought at all was a question, ,but what he thought was not in any way to , be divined by. the mind of man ;- for Grierly adhered literally to the Bible precept in limiting his discourse to 'Tea, yea,3 and «Nay, nay,' and Margaret or Louisa could safely confide in him at will. In Grierly's house were penned those long, ill-spelt letters, which the former so frequently executed of late, and despatched to the post, sometimes by her own hands, and sometimes by those of Grierly, who could neither j read nor write, and who was quite ready to assist Margaret in- com municating with her 'sojer sweetheart,' a mythical character of her own invention, to shade the personality of her scapegrace master. To him, therefore, on the day following the Dark Arches expedition, the following letter was addressed by Margaret,, at Grierly's lodge : — ; ' ' 1 Honoured Sib, — ' Things are much werse than ever since i wrote last. Yesterday Master M. and Mrs f arranged to mete in a horble place in the town wich i have askd about and find it is dark as pitch and leads to a rivver and you must wark hand in hand all the time onless ' he caried'her wich by the way they are going on i think is likly. Nothmk was said about it at dinner to my lady and i am not serprised they kept it dark. They go warking and singing dooets together. And Miss e. nex door that he. was wunceso swete on never comes' now. And he has given. Mrs fa pictur of the place wich looks ony fit for lost soles and - wich has a young , woman on a brigge clinging on to each other him and her I serpose ; she has hung it up in her bedroom and she is spending money on the house and don't love her bag wot you told me to, wptch, about any more. And Mr g. is neerly as bad and never takes his eyes of her., and wotches her like a cat does ? a mouse ? and writes poytry about her wich ' he leves about and i will send you some i don't know wot things are coming too. . 'Yours respekfuly Margabat Burton.' ' There'll be murder up at Stone royd again before- long,'1 observed Margaret, .with gloomy satisfaction, as she fastened -the envelope of' this epistle, and stared across the table at Mr Grierly with hard, expreasionless ; dark eyes. 'Ay, ay, very, like,' her host returned, knocking the ashes from his pipe with stolid' unconcern. Perhaps he. was reflecting that, since - the last event of the- kind had done him such pecuniary good, another tragedy among the lentons was- not wholly undesirable.' His nephew Ned had been, to use his own expressive phrase, ' nobbut a worrit ' to him, and Ned's removal had procured him many solid comforts, besides the payment of his arrears of salary. The ' fam'ly ' up at the house interested him, collectively, as an institution ; but, individually, he by no means concerned himself in their affairs, to all appearance, at least. With old Margaret it was quite otherwise. To her ' Master Eoberfc ' was, and always had been, her one interest in life, and Felice was, in her opinion, merely a person of dissolute' foreign tendencies, to bo watched and sus pected in all her goings out and com ings, in. Margaret was obstinate and un imaginative, and once an idea had taken possession of her brain, nothing short of a miracle could remove it. So she followed Felice's movements with. a dull, fishlike stare to. the last degree disconcerting and depressing, and made most unfavourable mental notes , of the young bride's cheerful friendliness towards the male ? members 'of the household. About this time it was that Felice began to be aware of a feeling which haunted her incessantly after twilight had fallen on Stoneroyd. Try as she would, Bh»? could not; shake it off', although she dojild hardly define the unpleasant sensation m words. Down in the Bark Arches. -:it-li£dt first assailed her — that horrible, in-' definite fancy of a stealthy footstep on the track of hers ; a breath, a sigh, she hardly knew what, quivering in tbe darkness about her, until, with a sud- - den rush of terror, she would grope . wildly for a match, and bathed in a. cold perspiration, stare tremblingly into the newly-lighted room, r Under the influence of this faacy,, oven healthy, handsome Felice began -. to droop, and grow listless,1 nervous, and low-spirited. She had subjected - her heart to a -rigid self-examination on her return from the fateful expe dition under Maurice's guidance, and she had been' by no means ' satisfied with the result. ? ? Her spirits seemed to leap within her afc the sound of his step, and the echo of his deep voice and frank laughter gladdened her as no other music had ever yet had power to do. He was full of litble cares for her. Her favourite flowers, and books, and ihusic — everything for' which she had ever expressed a liking — he took care to provide for her in his daily visits to ' the town, and although he never joined in Marcus's dreamy flatteries, liis brown eyes spoke volumes of 'affectionate regard. * . She tried to adopt towards him a motherly and fault- finding demeanour, which- only had the effect of delighting' 'a, young man five years her senior. Then she devoted herself to Marcus, who sprained his right hand in some . way one morning, and mournfully dis playing the bandaged limb, lamented his inability to perform his1 work, and joyfully welcomed Felice's offer to be his temporary secretary. . , This fact, also, the watchful Mar- ? garet noted, and duly wrote thereon to Felice's absent husband. 'Mr g. says he has spraned his, right hand yesterday and Mrs f. she ups and says she will do his writing for him so them too has been shut up together in Mr g's studdy though wen i looked in at the keyhole they was torking and she was ony biting the fether of the pen she ought to -ha been .writing, with and low and beold! this afternoon i see him through the key hole agin wen he was quite alone take off the bandage wot was wropped round his hand and write as good and as easy; as you and me wich provves it was an eggecuse to get her alone and tork sorder as they do ontil i feel right down wild when yo.u mv poor boy and dear master so fond 'of her like and her refusing to be with you or even to write to you and i would not tell you of sich goings on ony you kepe on arsking me too and it is right as you should know.' ' 'For Marcus Gilmore, Felice enter tained considerable admiration and respect. His rambling talk, - always amusing and interesting, and1 occa sionally brilliant, fascinated the= girl,to whom literary men were a new revela tion. The man's whole personality, had a certain charm by reason of his sympathetic manner, and a pensive melancholy, suggestive of a nature of noble aspirations too early saddened and blighted. She liked to think he had been crossed in love — as, indeed, his verses would suggest — not reflecting that it it is in the nature of poets, great and small, to gloat over ji-, sorrow in musical self-pity, and to esalt an accident into a tragedv. Observing him from this sym pathetic poifcn of view, Felice was quite ready to accede kto his increas Eg demands upon her time and atten tion. '!?-.* The sight of you soothes me, Mfc'aaine Felice,' be would say ; ' it Tjjminds roe of something beautiful . which has passed away out of my life, and left me old before my time.' Jtxe was lona oiaiiacing upon toe difference between their respective ages. ?' W)if» I am old enough to be jour father,' he would say, * thete are eighteen: years difference between us. At twenty I had hopes and beliefs as you have, as our young friend Maurice has also, but then he accepts the world as it comes, and questions not. Dansun gr enter que Ion est bien a vingt ans !* You ~ haven't Lear that before ? I envy you so much to read, so much to learn ! The aweet jingle of 3)e Musset is all wait ing fpc you to enjoy it; the slow, Iiianiniin mftlndv of Swinburne still a fresh experience. Don't start at the names, pretty ,puritanical Madame Felice. They are exploded bogies now, lesser men and lesser women lave written far more nastily and less musically during the past decade.' He rose, and took down a volume ^f^nnnlnirnA'fl TJOfims from his Well-, filed book-shelves. Opening it on the ' Garden of Proserpine,' he begged her to read it aloud, and settled him self comfortably in his easy-chair to listen and to watch the reader's face. Beading unknown poetry aloud to a ?writer and a critic was a somewhat exacting task, but there lurked a curious magnetic effect in Marcus Gilmore's requeets which seemed to ensure obedience from those about him, and Police was daily growing more, oppressively conscious of the pe rsuasi ve force of that calm voice, and those dreamy, near-sighted blue eves.-. ? ? - ' ' Wrapt in melancholy content he was considering her sweet, slow rendering of the lines, when, at the' close of a verse, Pel ice suddenly raised heir head and listened. * What is that curious tapping which seems to form an accompaniment as I read ? ' she asked. A sort of click, as of two sharp eubtances meeting. It seems just oat side the window.' Leaving her seat as she spoke, she went to the window, and here another discovery awaited her. ' Why, Mr ? Gilmore, you have' double panes of glass, as well as india rubber borders for the draught ! Is it bo cold here in the winter ? ' ; ; Hfc did not answer, and she con tinued, not heeding his silence, ' If it la i for the sound you have the double windows, the contrivance does not answer. Por here, if I rest my ,face close to the sash, I can hear it still — tap, tap, click, click ! Then a pause, and then it goes on again. How silly of me! Of course, it is the men at work in the stone quarries just out side! I have heard them #ut walk ing on my way to the old mill, but I have been so little in this corner of the house that I did not at first recog nise the sound, muffled by the distance. Do you like it, or does it bother you ?' She turned for the first time 'to look at him, and perceived that he had ? become deadly pale, and ? that his usually placid countenance wore an expression of mingled anger and fear in no way to be accounted for by the ' words she had used. As she gaaed upon him in quick s urpri so, he appeared to compose him gelf : by an effort, and apologised for notAhaving: heard her last remarks. H. .--Were you asking me something ?' * 'JJoiy happy one is in a garret at twenty/ » he enquired. ' To tell the trutb- your reading of that lovely poem had set me thinking on my own account weaving a wonderful romance in verse to which my conventional workaday muse will never permit me to do justice. Some weird story of a few golden moments, with infelicia to fnllnw. and . PftliVft inv a heroine. I I Felica ! ' The sweetest name that I I ever love grew weary of,' as- this very I Swinburne puts it. You must read that poem on your namesake, bythe by, some day.' ' Not. now, please,' Bhe saidj detect ing through all his effort at friendly pleasantry a jarring note of unreality j she could not understand. 'Lest you I should grow weary of me, as Mr Swm burne did of my namesake, I will go ' and dress for dinner.' 'Is it time?' he said, making a pretence at consulting his watch, but with no attempt to detain her^ano* full i of wonder at this fresh indication of trouble lying beneath the surface of llfo.of S--rvrnv»/vrri1 . 'PVslina -nnflanrl -from I Jtheroom. j Once alone, the 'meaning of J I Marcus's curious change of manner! I struck her. ' v j I 'Of course! ' she exclaimed, half- j I aloud; pausing in the act of brushing I her hair before the looking-glass. ' It J was in the Btone quarry, just outside, j that Ned Grierly's body was found j seven years ago, and Mr Gilmore is so I j terribly sensitive that the subject is still painful to him. I must be more careful. Both he and Mr Penton I looked terribly vexed and startled j when I let my tongue run away with me( on the subject of an imaginary murder in the Dark Arches the other evening, and I remember at Christmas time the same, hush came over every body; and Tlady Penton was nearly in hysterics, because I had been reading a'erhost-storv in a Christmas annual. .and turned the talk upon ghosts. I have never dared to ask Louisa more about her suspicions as to who com mitted the crime. All I can do is not to think of the subject, and to keep myself occupied, so that I may shake off this childish fancy of being followed and ? haunted. Even Maurice isn't free from the creeping superstitions of this house, and I begin to feel that Icannot breathe freely until I am outside its walls.' ?: . {To he continued.) Bad Blood.— The editor of the Family Doc. top nays'- — 'We have seen hosts of letters In whiph the writers acknowledge the benefit they have received from Olarke'a wonderful Blood Mixture, whloh as a curative agent cannot be too highly estimated, Binoe It cleanses and clears the blood from all imparities. If the blood is diseased the body 1b diseased. Clarke's Blood Mixture ia a medicine of the greatest possible value, and it is certainly the finest blood purifier that aolenoe and skill have .brought to light. We cam with the utmost con fidenoe recommend it to oar subscribers and the publio generally,'— The Family Doctor. July 16, 1892. For Sojrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Skin, and Blood Diseases, and Sores of all kinds It is a never-falling: and permanent cure. It is the only real speclfio for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bonen. Of Chemists, eto., everywhere at 2s 9d and 11s per bottle. Thousands of testimonial frpm all parts. Caution— Pubohasebs oi Olaekb'b Blood Mixtubb should see that they get the genuine artiole. Worthless imitations and substitutes are sometimes palmed off by unprincipled vendors. The words 'Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lin coln. Enerland,' are engraved on the Govern ment Stamp, and ' CiiA.bke'b World-Famed Blood Mixture ' blown in the bottle without whioh are none genuine. ntain A rat indigenous to the mou , e streams of Central Peru ia said to be only rodent that utterly discards a v*5®' table diet and liveB only on fiah. -I*18 .animal has been named Ichthom2/S stolma?ini, and the only specimen Was obtained by a Polish collector in 1891, and is now to be found in the British Museum. Daring the past t-ix weeks 14 vessels have been wrecked on the Australian Coast,, and oat of that number there was only lose of life in one case/ 