KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] CHAPTER XV.—(Continued.) And then Sir Peter folded his small arms across his small chest, and looked with the malicious delight of a small nature through his eye-glass at the discomfited solicitor. " I owe him a good many home-thrusts,'' the baronet thought, with, a chuckle. '' I think I have paid off one instalment at least; I shall pay off all I owe before long." They reached Scarswood — dark and gloomy the old house loomed up in the chill, grey, wintry twilight. A crescent moon swung over the trees, lights gleamed anywhere along the front of the building ; except the soughing of the night wind, no sound reached their ears. " If one believed in ghosts, Scarswood looks a fit place for a ghostly carnival tonight,'' Mr. Mans- field thought ; '' it is like a haunted house. I wonder can poor old Sir John's shade rest easy in the tomb with his one ewe lamb at the mercy of this contemptible little wolf." " I am going to the library, Mansfield,'' the new baronet said, with cool familiarity. " If you or— Miss Dangerfield want me, you can send for me there. Only this premise : I will come to no terms with her in your presence. What I have to say to her, I shall say to her alone." He opened the library door, entered, and closed it with an emphatic bang. The elder man looked anxiously after him on the landing. " What does that little reptile mean ? I don't half like the tone in which he speaks of Katharine. He doesn't mean to—no, he daren't—no man dare insult her in the hour of her downfall." He sent a servant to announce his presence, the French girl Ninon ; she came to him in a moment, and ushered him in the room where Katharine sat alone. It was her old familiar sitting-room or boudoir, all fitted with crimson and gilding, for she had ever loved bright colours. The firelight leaping in the grate alone lighted it now, and before the fire, lying back in a great carved and gilded chair, Katherine sat. The bright cushions against which her head lay threw out with startling relief the ghastly pallor of her face, the dead black of her dress. How changed she was — how changed — how changed out of all knowledge ! And there were people who had called her cold, and heartless, and unfeeling, because she had sat with dry eyes and still face beside her dead. ''Unfeeling !'' — and worn and altered like this. She looked round, and held out her hand to her friend, with the faint shadow of her former bright smile. ''My dear,'' he said, very gently, ''I do not intrude upon you too soon, do I ? But I could not wait ; I came with Sir Peter straight from the funeral here. As things stand now, the sooner youc affairs are settled the better.'' She lifted her head a little, and looked at him. ''Peter Dangerfield here — so soon? He is in haste to take possession. Does he intend to remain all night? — and am I to leave at once?'' ''You are not to leave until you see fit, for a thousand Peter Dangerfields ! I don't know whether he intends remaining over night or not, certainly not, though, I should say, if you obiect.'' '' I ? What right have I to object ? The house is his, and everything in it. He is perfectly justi- fied in taking ptssession at once, and in turning me out if he sees fit.'' '' He will never do that, my child ; and I think— I hope — I am sure he will act as common justice requires, and give you at once the three thousand pounds your father bequeathed to you in that unsigned will.'' She half-rose from her chair ; a light flashed into her face ; a rush of passionate words leaped to her lips. Mr. Mansfield drew back. It was the old fiery temper breaking through the frozen calm of those latter days' despair. But all at once she checked herself — she who never before had checked a single emotion. She sank slowly back into her seat, and a strange, set expression hardened her mouth. ''You think so Mr. Mansfield— you think he will be generous enough for that ? And it is in his dower not to give it to me if he likes — those three thousand pounds?" ''Certainly, it is in his power ; but no one save the veriest monster would think of acting a part so thoroughly mean and base. He has come into a great fortune suddenly and unexpectedly, and you have lost one. Surely no wretch lives on earth so utterly despicable as to wish to retain also the por- tion of the late Lady Dangerfield. Sir John's last effort was to sign that will ; it ought to be the most sacred thing on earth to Sir John's successor.'' She listened very quietlv, the shadow of a scornful smile on her face. ''Mr. Mansfield, I am afraid there is something wanting in your knowledge of human nature, in your opinion of Sir Peter Dangerfield. You forget how long this new-made baronet had been defrauded of his rights as heir presumptive. You forget that some months ago I refused to marry him — that I even insulted him — my abominable temper, Mr. Mansfield. You forget he owes me a long debt, and that it is in his power to repay me now. And I think Sir Peter is a gentleman who will conscientiously pay every debt of that sort, to the uttermost farthing.'' '' My dear Miss Dangerfield ?'' ''And there is still another injury,'' the girl said. ''I have presumed to wear an honourable and ancient name — I, a nameless waif and stray, born in an alms house or a hovel, very likely. And you think he will really give me this three thousand pounds ? Did he tell you so, Mr. Mansfield ?' ''No, he told me nothing.'' The old lawyer shifted away uneasily as he spoke, from the strange expression in the large, steadfast eyes. ''He said he would see you alone, and make his own terms with yon. I infer from that he intends to do some- thing. He is in the library — shall I go and send him here, or would you rather it were tomorrow ?'' She was silent for a moment, looking into the fire, her mouth set in that hard, straight line. He watched her uneasiiy — he could not understand her any more than the others. Was she going to take it quietly and humbly like this ? — she, who two weeks ago, had been the proudest girl in Sussex. Was she going to accept Peter Danger- field's role of charity, and thank him for his generosity ? or did those compressed lips, the dry, bright glitter of those eyes, speak of the coming tempest and revolt? He was out of his depth altogether. '' Well, my dear,'' he said, fidgeting, ''shall I send him, ------" She looked up-, aroused from her trance. ''Send him in, by all means,'' she said. ''Let us see how generous Peter Dangerfield can be.'' He got up, walked irresolutely to the door, hesi- tated a moment, then came suddenly back. ''And, Kathie,'' he said, impetuously, ''if you should fling his miserable dole back in his face, don't fear that you shall ever want a home. I have no daughters of my own ; come with me to Castleford, and brighten the life of two old humdrum people. Come and be my daughter for the rest, of your days.'' He gave her no time to answer; he hurried away, find rapped smartly at the library door. Peter Dangerfield's small, colourless face looked out. ''What is it?" he asked. ''Am I to go up stairs?" ''You are,'' responded Mr. Mansfield, curtly; 'and as you deal with that poor child in her trouble, may the good, just God deal by you. I shall remain here and take her home with me tonight if she will come." Peter Dangerfield smiled — an evil and most sinister smile. ''I think it extremely -likely she will go,'' he said. '' The two-storey brick dwelling of Mr. Mansfield, the solicitor, will be rather an awkward change after the gaiety and grandeur of Scarswood, but then --beggars mustn't be choosers.'' He walked straight up-stairs, still with a smile on his face— still with that exulting glow at his heart. '' You have had your day, my lady, he said, "and you walked over our heads with a ring and a clatter. You queened it right royally over us, and now the wheel has turned, and my turn has come. There is not a slight, not a sneer, not an insult of yours, my haughty, uplifted Miss Dangerfield, that I do not remember— that I will not repay tonight. He opened the door without ceremony, and walked in. The room was brightly lighted now, she had lit the clusters of wax tapers in the chandeliers, and stirred the fire into a brighter blaze. With its crimson and gold hangings and upholstery, its rich velvet carpets, its little gems of paintings, its carved and inlaid piano, its mirrors, its light, its warmth and perfume, it looked, as he opened the door, a rich and glowing picture of colour and beauty. And in the trailing black dress, and with her white, cold face, Katherine, the fallen quoen of all this grandeur, stood and looked at him as he came in. She had left her seat, and was leaning lightly against the mantel, her hands, hanging loosely, clasped before her. On those wasted hands rich rings flashed in the firelight, and on the left still gleamed Gaston Dantree's betrothal circlet, a heavy band of plain gold. It was the first thing Peter Dangerfield. He laughed slightly, and pointed to it. ''You wear it still, then, my fair cousin Katherine. And he will recover, Otis says. Well — who knows-- you were madly in love with him when you were a baronet's daughter. He may prove faithful, and think better of jilting you when he recovers, and we may have a wedding after all. Let us hope so. He has used you badly — infernally, I may say ; but, then, your angelic sex is ready to forgive the men they love seventy-times seven,'' He took his place opposite her, and they looked each other straight in the eyes. It was the grave defiance of two duelists to the death. '' Was that what you came here to say, Sir Peter Dangerfield?'' ''No, Katherine — I wonder if your name really is Katherine, by the way ; I must ask Mrs. Vavasor. I came here at old Mansfield's request, to talk busi- ness and money matters. How nice it is for you, my dear, to have so many friends in the hour of your downfall — the Talbots, the Mansfields, and that heavy dragoon, Devere, who will do anything under heaven for you — well, except, perhaps, marry you. And you look like a ''queen uncrowned'' to- night, my tall, stately Miss Dangerfield— not good looking, you know, my dear ; you were never that ; but majestic, and dignified, and uplifted, and all that sort of thing. Ah ! how are the mighty fallen, indeed ! Only a fortnight ago you stood here ruling it like a very princess — on my soul, monarch of all you surveyed ; and now — there isn't a beggar in the streets of Castleford poorer than you.'' (To be continued.) 