COHUNA. ifbom ocr ows c >rbesrokden't.) Oil TJuirsdayeviingi tbeStK 'Snsli.' tbe Rev. E. Elaridge delivered ah aide and brilliant lecture on " Ecclesiastical i livisious : Their Dogmas and Politics." Tire Rev. A. R. Cock occupied the chair. The lecturer regretted the small attendance and said he would confine himself to the doctrine and polity of ibe various religious bodies constituted since the Reformation. As thesubject ho had chosen was almost incxhaust- a' ile he was compelled to make his comments on the various religions bodies as brief as possible. He would refer to the Established Church of toccthmd. This church was established in the reign of James I, of England, mid was thoroughly Calvinistic in be lief mid prictice. They upheld that no lieal in Church government should be acknowledged but the Lord Jesus Christ. They adopted the confession of faith as their doctrinal standard, but critics differ as to its interpretation and binding powers. It lias since then I. cun considerably modified, stilt it crista as the foundation. Charles 1. .- .ronglv endeavored to establish Epis- chpacy in Scotland. Then sprang up in defence of their religious rights the solemn league and covenant. Great i - .1 a i.- .. was suown in me euuuauuu «ji people, there were issued through the press confession of faith, small and large catechisms and partook of the Lord's Supper with surroundings of a sacred- n ess and reverence tliot - is sometimes wanting in other churches. "I hey claimed an equality in their ministers and in their people and would not admit the Dr Goes of their time as the claimants to Apostolical succession. Their church government was composed of the Presbytery, Kirk's diocese aud the Provincial Senate. That was known as the Established Church of Scotland, but in 1701 tbe Cameroueaus separated and formed the Free Church of Scotland. They urged that the congregation should choose its own minister, and not have the favorites of others thrust upon tbein. This was defiantly refused by the Legislature, and reconciliation with tbe Established Scotch Church deemed every day to be outside the range of possibility. In 1843 was established the United Free Church of Scotland, which is marked as one of the red letter dap in the history of that country. There joined the Free Church 120 ministers and 70 elders. This was on tbe 18th of May, 1843, and Dr Chal mers was chosen as the first moderator. Iu the reign of Charles IL 2000 minis ters of the Church of England, being unwilling to he bound down by the Act of Uniformity, joined the Free Church. He (the lecturer) had given more than a fair share of the lecture to the Scotch Church, but it was an important factor iu religious thought and in civilization. He would next refer to the Indepen dents (commonly known as Congrega- tionalists). In 1616 was first estab lished a truly IndependentCburcb. The llevs. Jacob and Robinson were the fathers of Congregationalism. The Presbyterians rejected tbe Act of Uni formity, yet asked their people to sub scribe to a directory, which was on similar lines to the rejected book of common prayer, and had what seemed an equally intolerant aspect. The independents held with the Presby- terians that an educated ministry should be planed on equal footing. No bishops, aud the deacons attached to the church were merely lay members, assisting in its work. Their tenets were not Arminian, but in a Calvinis tic sense. As to the Independent's confession of faith, it was not binding as to signatures nor was it demanded of its ministers. They believed in its Apos- tolicity as strongly as Anglican or other denomination. When the believers in Jesus Christ met together, there he was in the midst of them. Every minister is a bishop in his own diocese, , and owes no allegiance to any but God. If a minister misbehaves him self, the Congregational Union can withdraw bis license, but in the in ternal management of the various churches ministers are free. If a com plaint went to" the Union, the answer would be "It is your own affair ; we won't interfere.'' There can be no approach towards the Church of Eng- glaud ; the barrier is toe great. The Baptists and Methodists are similar to the Congregationnlists in church polity, choice of ministers, etc., but the Baptists acknowledge no form of baptism except their own (immersion) as orthodox. The various churches, fur ages, have taught that baptism, by hmnersiou, by washing or by sprinkling, in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, was effective baptism, and in this belief Congre- gationalists shared. The Methodists made their first move in 1729, under the guidance of Morgan and Law, but not till 1735 was any progress made. John Wesley, from whom they take their name, till his death claimed to be a minister of the Church of Eng land, and only claimed to teach the doctrine in a more earnest pnd intense .form..... Their .doctrinflJs. Aqmnian.;. m "other words,- —"tnorougli -"tree "will' and the universality of the atonement. Church government by conference is their Supreme Court all tbe world over. The fiible Christian and the United Methodists would be the last denomination that he had time that evening to touch upon ; there was very little difference in their profession of ! creed ; some slight difference in cere mony. Mr Kir wan proposed a hearty vote of thauks to the lecturer, Mr J. Oliver seconded, tbe motion, and a vote of" thanks to tbe chair brought an in tellectual treat to a dose. 1 