AMUSEMENTS. This evening Mr. H. J. Whittington, who for many years has occupied the position of treasurer at the Theatre Royal, will be accorded a complimentary benefit on the occa- sion of his severing his connection with the theatre. Popularly known as "Dick," Mr. Wbittington by his genial disposition and courteous demeanor has made aboet of friends, and a bumper bouse should reward the efforts of those in charge of tbe benefit arrange ments. A capital programme. has been arranged) which will include dramatic, vocal. and t«rpsiehorean items, tbe opening performance b?ing Broogtaton's charming little comedy "Written in Sand," which will be presented by tbe Thespian Dramatic Club. Miss Guli. Hack, A.E.C. M., will sing " O hush tbee, my baby," and Miss Lucy Stevenson " Rose softly blooming." Mr. Beaumont Read will give "Sweet chiming bells" with orchestral accompaniment, Mr. A. Duncan "Tell rue, Mary, how to woo ebee," Air. Norman Malcolm "The last watch," and Mr. W. B. Warner will contribute comic songs. Miss Edith Roberts will introduce the graceful skirt dance lrutu " Imraomeem," and Mr. J. MoritT -will recite Clement Scott's "Charge of Kaseafsin," witD illustrative effects. The members of the Adelaide Deutocher Turnverein, under the direction of Mr. Hugo Leechen, will give an exhibition of Indian club swinging with limelight effects, and the entertainment will concladfl with Maddison Morton's farcical comedy, "Pepper pot's Pete," in which Mrs. Fyvie Dench will introduce a gong. Mr. W. R. Pybus will officiate as accompanist during the evening, and a crowded bouse is confidently expected. " Waterloo" is still receiving a large amount of patronage, tbe attendances yesterday being again large and appreciative. Visitors will have but few opportunities of seeing the pro duction of the shadow of KapoleoD, as the last nights are announced. Mr. Scott Barry baa forwarded to us a photograph of "Napoleon's Ghost," who mystifies the public nightly at the Cyclorama ot " Waterloo." The "illusion" ib somewhat substantial as presented by the photographer, but nevertheless it is an ad mirable piece of work. ■ The posing of tbe "ghost" la similar to other representations of the great original, while the general " make up" of the "disembodied spirit" is truly ex cellent. The original Australian drama "The Squatter's Pardon " was again presenter] in tbe presence of a large and enthusiastic audience at the Bijou Theatre on Thursday evening, when Air. Walter Bentley and the Garrick Dramatic Club again gave every satisfaction. The comic interlude " Is Marriage a Failure," in which Mr. Walter Bentley and Mi?s Mary Bancroft subsequently appeared, also met with hearty acceptation from those in front of tbe curtain, the performers meeting with loud and enthusiastic applause. The same programme will be preseuted this evening, when his Ex cellency tbe Lieutenant Governor and the Mayor of Adelaide have promised to attend. 