TEE TWO COUSINS. EAST TIIIBD. CnAPTuii I. * THE T,AOXr.TB.X>.' * Good night, Ladybird !' ' Good night, r.ud pleasant dreams, Ladybird!' Et was the ward of s public hospital —tao hosir, close upon twilight—tho time, cr.rly spring—the scone, Quebec The lengthy hospital wards ivcro filled frith sniTorers, end for each of. them sno had .1 kind word who tripped so lightly down tho Jong aisle. Dulled eyes brightened, weary, throbbing heads lifted, hands stretched forwards, parched lips opened, to bid he? good night. They all knew her— they all loved her—the tenderest of uurscs, tho most patient of scribes; every one of thoso hospital patients know ' the Ladybird.' See her as she trips so fleetly and so ?jauntily down the long ward, with tho last golden gleam of. the April sunset bright on her darkling, sparkling face, and great, shining black eyes. She is darkly-hp.ndsoino as some old Saivstor or ?>f urillo painting ; tho oval face duskily olivo; tho long, lazy, Andalusian eyes black, li<juid, iiery or melting as yon liko ; tho thick, silky, curly crop of jetty hair growing in liinky rings over the low brow, all cut short liko a toy; the lips and chin fiijnply perfect, dimpled, rosy, sweet; and her cheek— Her chet-lc £3 liko a Catherine jve.-ir, Tho sWo that's next the sun. A little, lithe, supple figure, an airy dress, all crimson and black, a black velvet cap, with a scarlet feather, set jauntily, like a boy's, on the crisp black rings of hair at the right side— that is tho setrcKs. There were all manners of stories afloat about the little black-eyed beauty, who smokcll rose-scented cigarettes, roslo across country like a. bird, shot like a rifleman, with revolver or carbine, danced like a premiere dansciisc, sang like a wood-lark, chattered French liko a little grisette, and spoko English perfectly, with the niO3fc delicioos littlo accent ia the Trorld. She trss's charming actress, the most fascinating of tha stags coquettes, tho aiost irresistible of femmes de chavibrc and soubrcttca, and ntterlj and entirely bewitching iu silk tights and slashed doulcts as a Court page, with plumed hat ou head, and slim rapier at her side. Ou tho stage or off tho stage, she tvas bewildering. Bvervoue knoiv her for tho brightest, the merriest, tho prettiest little dark fairy alive. Purther than that, all aboui; her was of the most shadowy and delusive. She hud iir3t made her appearance in a third-rate theatre, ia the role of Eoubrettc, and that iirsfc appearance tvaa a decided hit. Thofrerjuenteraof the third-rate, cast side theatre began to look for the little, saacy bninctto xaeo and big black eye?, tl;o pretty litSlo dances, the sr/eet little- songs. ffiieu all at once sho r.as whisked away to a certain stylish house, and mado 2:er iTehzt as * Ladybird," iu. tho most delightful iiitle riirea-acS drama, rrrittsu csprsssly for her, and which, as you inow, ran nearly 100 nighta, and raado X?adybird famoua. But who she was, or where she came from, or what her naao might be, no ono kneiT —no, not the manager, not her raosfc intimate friend, not her most itnp3S3io!ied adorer. For, of course, she had adorers, thi3 dashing, pretty girl of seventeen, more than you would, csra to connt. And sho took their boatjtiets, and declined more costly gifts.and listened to their protestations with, blaclr, dancing eye3 of fun, and mads them a stago curtesy, and said, * 2fb, thank 3"oa, tnonsieur," to one and all. She was really the eighth wonder or the wonder of the world—so young, so handsome, so rec&lcss;, and full of frolic, and yet so shrewdly sensible, snd so invulnerable to tlio arrows of Hhe lltilo blind god. One needed but to look once in tho ?zAqasat, saucy, pretty face to swear by -her excr after, as tee most bewitching fairy on earth. XiadybirA ivns an especially privi leged person in this hospital, coining and goingfto her own sweet will. She wn3 attached to her profession—to two doublet and rapier, and jauuty stage swagger, the dancing and singing, and so forth, and was nightly shoivered "irith bouquets and vociferous ap platse. lint every day she w.ts anionjj her favoured patients, with fruits aud 30we~3, and ics and dainties, aud sooth ing words and tender smiles, and patient nursing, writing 2ohg letters to triends at home, reading , aloud, sing ing if they ch"ose, as devoted, as tender, a3 sweet as any Sister of Charity. Shs was a- living riddle, a brilliant, sparkling stream, with the sunshine ever rippling on its surface but with depths below that no line or plummet or all her friends had sounded yet. Her secret was her secret still. Not one of those who had known her for months and years knew more of her tha-a you know now. She tripped array to the end of her Trard, her hand3 tuursfc info her sash, the black cap, with its crimson plume, set jauntily on the crisp curls. She looked like a. saucy boy—an audaciously saucy boy—3'et a woman's heart beat brightly under her dainty bodice, a heart that ot !a£e had been \- mutinous and. rebellious, aadnotatall the well-trained little organ o! hitherto. Sho had nursed a certain dark-eyed hero from the very jaws o£ death. Thai: was nothing, she had nursed ecores; jbut the great, luminous brown. eye3 of.'-.this especial (patient floated strangely boforo Ladybird iu the golden noontide, in the black mid night, aud a soft, slow voice, very eloquent, rang erer iu her cars like distant ainsic V/hen, night after night, sho came, ?aucy aadbright, before an enthusiast! audience, the big black eyes iJashed first of all to a certain bos, where one fece invariably showed. When, bouquets were literally showered upon their pofc and thoir favourite, tho most brilliant exo tics were neglected for some tiny bunch of violets or rosebuds, if his hand had flung them. And Ladybird knew the symptoms of her complaint perfectly well, and grew hitter and restive, end angrily impatient with Isereclrfor her foliy. * Ah, bah !" sfec would Bay, scowling at her own vissago in the gloss, ' what :i littlo i'ool you.r.re! Ifadn't you. sworn to hale all mankind for Tier sako? Bon't you know, you little imbecile, they are all alike—false, treacherous, and cruel as death? Uav'n't you been sensible all along until now, and are you going to make a idiot of yourself because this ' languid swell' has handsome oyes and pays you compliments? An Englishman, too! and you doubly bound to hate all Englishmen! Bah I Ladybird, you simpleton! I'm ashamed of you. Let hint see your folly, and bo served as your mother was beforo you !' So Ladybird guarded her secret with fierce jealousy, disgusted with herself, and would have been torn to pieces by wild horses before sho would givo him —this particular him —ollo encourag ing word, or look, or smilo. On this bright April evening she was on her way to a certain patient of hers, whoso right leg had been blown, off by nn explosion, and who was otherwise so very seriously injured that the clianccs of his recovery were 3s ten to one. lie lay—the last of a long, long row, the amber glitter of the sunset lighting his bloodless, pain drawn face—awfully still and corpse liko. 'Thady,' the little Amazon said, bonding over him, ' I have come at i last. 1 tried to ba here soouer, but j there were so many poor patients who j had a word to sny to me that I could j not. And how is it with you now?' The haggard face brightened, tho dulled eyes lit up. ' Ah, Ladybird, I knew you would como! Heaven bless tne tender heart that never forgets one of us! ITou'H write a letter for me, inanvsellc, to my poor old mother in Ireland?' ' Certainly, Thady, with pleasure— as many letters as you please, until you arc able to write yourself. That will bo soon, lam confident. What shall I say ?' ' Well, you see, main'selle, it's an old story, and a. long story, and it's inoro about another than myself, lfn about a young nobleman, whose life I saved 2O years ago. The old mother nursed him, Ladybird, and he was as j dear to her as the apple of her eye. j j I'vo kept tho story to snysclf for by j I his orders for 20 years; but now, j J when I've one leg in the grave, it's j time I made a clean breast of it. I saved Lord Terer.co Tyrone's life, matn'selic, from tho hangman first, and from that demon after, hia cousin j Dennis. It's along story, main'aelle ; j but I want you to tell the mother the ? whole iking, so I know you'll listen.' j 'I'll listen, with nleasure, Tfcadv. [ Go on!' " j '"Well, Ladybird,' the sic!: man > said, ' It's 20 years ago, as I told you, j that I returned honie to Lismore, I after a long voyage, mato of the Flying j Dutchman. The first news I heard j upon landing was about the worst j news I coald hear—that ray foster ! brother, Lord Terence Tyrone, the I only sou o£ the Earl of Lismore, was in prison, condemned to death, for the murder of a little cottage girl, Aileen O'Bourko! He was innocent, of course. I knew it as well then as Ido now, and I swore a mighty oath I would free him, or die with him.* ??' Well, mam'selle, I kept that oath. I freed him from prison. I took him to a lonely placo on the sen-shore, and left him there while I went for a boat to tako him to tho Flying Dutch man. On ray way 1 met his cousin, 1 Dennis Tyrone—a lawyer, and tho j blackest demon alive. But I thought j him his friend, anil so did Lord } Terence himself, and I told hi n what j had happened, and begged him to to his cousin while I brought the boat. He went—the cowardly cut-throat!— and what passed between them I never knew. Only as I rounded the point, and came in sight of the cliff where I had left Lord Terry, I saw two men struggling in a death-grip. I heard the report of 2. pistol; then one tumbled backward into the sea, and the other iled like a madman from the spot. 'I rowed with all niy might, main'selle, and I reached tho place as tho body nro3e. He vras not dead, he was not even senseless; he was badly wounded, but the bullet aimed at his heart had missed its mark. I drew him into the boat. I had tho strength of a giant in. that hour, mam'selle, and I put for the Iflying Dutchman. Haif an hour after and we were on our way to Sydney, with Lord Terence lying like a dead matt in the cabin below.' ' I to2d no ono on board who ho was —ifc would have been, fatal—they would have given him up at once. The captaiu was a friend of mine, and an easy, good-natured old cove, and kept him, and doctored him, and took care of him, and when, wo reached Sydney ha was nearly as >vell as ever. Hut he was an altered man—a score o£ years could not have changed him as he changed during that voyage. It was not that his looks differed much, and I think, Ladybird, that you never saw any one in your life half so hand some as Lord Terry.' .Ladybird shrugged her shoulders with a very Trench gesture o£ impatient disdain. ' Handsoino ! Ah—bait! "What have moil to do with beauty? Let them be brave, and strong, and doTcr, and what docs a straight nose and a pair of bright eyes matter? I never knew a really haudsoinc man yet that was not a bora idiot, or else tyrannical and p-elfish, nbd cruel cs Ifero! Don't talk to me of hsnctEOino men. IVo seen tho animals and dcsp.iso them. Tour Lord Terry was bo belter than tbo rest, I daresay.' 'All, but lagging your pardon, ho. was, mam'selle—ho-.wits neither an idiot nor a t3 - rant. As I said, he changed oat of all knowledge on the passage out. Ho had grown still as death; he cccntcd stumtciS, desed li'ic, by the knowledge of his cousin's guilt. They had beoa friends siJico boyhood, and Lord Terry lovci him like xi brother. And np.w ho hticrr that .Dennis Tyrone hated liitn, aud had lifted bis hand, against liis life. 'Ho aievor told ino what passed between them that morning, and though I am not a coward there are some things I dare not do. I never ? dared ask Lord Terry any questions ; about that day, , and ho never told inc. \ Only when, a- forthnighfc after our j lauding, in Sydney, "I wanted, to stay behind the .Flying Dutchman, and remain with him, he refused point blank to hear of it.* ' Nonsense, Thady, dear old boy!' he said, with one of his old looks, ' you shall commit no such, folly. You shall go to Valparaiso in tho ship, and I v.'ill remain where I am. Don't be ! alarmed for me —I shall do very well, and remember tho old inother at homo depends on you. I will wait where J. ana for news froia home, and yon will find mo here safe and sound when, you come back. ' "Well, mam'telle, the end of the matter was that ho had his way, and 1 went. It was hard to part, but —but there are inore hard things in the world than anything else, I think. I went oat to South America, and soajo other parJs, and it was fully two years before tho i'lyirsg Uutchmns. got back to Sydney again. When v;c got bade lie was gone. There was a letter for cio dated six months before—l ibave "never parted with it since. Hero it is, now, a good deal smeared and tern ; but maybe you can make it out.* Tho sick man drew from his neck a little silk basr. and from the l>a<? tho dingy remains of the letter. It was soiled and toru, and tho ink was faded; ! but tho bold, clear characters, were still perfectly distinct. 'Head it for yourself, inaia'seile,' Thady O'Grariy said; 'It's £lie iirst and last I've ever had from him. I know no more than tho dead what became of Lord Terry.' i The girl took it—tho fading light \ was dim, but with the iirsfc glance at j the writing she recoiled as though sho j had seen .". ghost. With an eselama- j tioa of amazement o£ consternation, sho tore it open and rapidly read:— 'Dk.vii Old Tii-vpv,— lVlicn your honest eyes sec this, I shall lus,to left | Sydney for ever. I hate 7i<zd ncivs \ from Ireland — netes that you, too, It ace \ heard, doubtless long ere now. JTy father is dead —he reigns in tlie old man's stead, and she is his mefe. 3Ty trust in aiaiz and woman has ceased for ever. Ido ;wt tell you ichilher Igo I — I hardly hnou; myself, and it matters \ little. God bless you, -my brave old j Xhadif, and good-bye. I trill never re- j turn \'o the old land — Tarn t> felon <intl I an outcast as you .'c;>oitr, ami can chritrt no legal rijki:;. I httrJlg think I\ s'wrjdtry to iflcotiUl. JLrt thefriend ! I trmtcd, the izomaa I lozsd, hchappg \ if tfiey can, anil enjoy their new i honours in peace. They will never hs i disturbed by I hare discarded the old name with the rest, and I sign ijiy- ! self by the new one, under ichich l\ begin a nctvlife. 'ivEtsiXALi> Veiiso>'.' j Aa she read tho last word—£he name j — a. low, wailing cry broke from the i palo lips of Ladybird, fehe Tolack eyes j were dilated, tho dark face white and | wild. I ' Eeginald Vcrnoa !' Ladybird re- | peated, ' fieginaSd Vernon,! And I know all —at last —at last!' CIfAPTEC 11. XiADrBIUD's SECEET. The sick irsrrn hr.lf. raised himself on his elbow, and stared s.t hor. The face o£ the Wttla r.ctrcs3, in tae latni noas tiusk of silvery spring creuiEij, w;is white as his own, her oyes dilatctl, and blanklj* staring ao that fa/lod and crarap!cd note s!ia held. '^\ r bat is it, Ham'sello ?' Tlia?ly O'Grady asked, suspiciously. ' Did you over tacet witli Hord Terence Tyrone?' .Ladybird. looked at him, aroused from her startled trance, and broke into ' a laugh—a laugh that %ra3 strangely different, from the silvery, girlish laughter ho had often heard from those pretty lips. She folded up the soiled paper, replaced it in the bag, rind handed it back. ? X)id I over know Lord. Terence Tyrone? Xoa dear old simple fellow, where should I—Ladybird, the actress, ever meet a live lord ? no, I never knew your Lord Terry, your handsome paragon of perfection ; but I did once know a—lteginald Vcraou.* ' Mazn'selle !* 'There, there, easy, my brother— con'fc jump so —you'll do yourself mischief. Yes, I oaca knew- a lieginald Vernon—and a very hand some man, too, my good Thady, but not iu the least like your brave, your magnanimous, your heroic Lord Terry. Come, I'll tell you all about him—one pretty story deserves another.' She sat down by the bedside again, the deepening dusk hiding her face aud its expression entirely from the ansious face of the sick man. ' Nearly IS years ago, Tliady—the time corresponds, you see —only another odd coincidence, o£ course— thero came to Montreal a young gentleman, who called himself Reginald Vernon. I say gentleman because this handsome Keginald Vernon, I heard say, looked more like an exiled prince than au everyday Christian and teacher of English ana mathematics in the ' 3lonireal Com mercial and Classical Academy,' which ho was. He epoke like a courtier and bowed like a king, and carried himself with a proud and lofty graeo, that was the awe and admiration of all Who know him.- Where ho came from, what his past history might have been, were dead secrete. He was the . most silent and reticent of men, and no ono dared to question the haughty etranger, who looked with such a proud grand-seigneur glance upon all who came near him. They set him down for r.n Englishman; but even that was j ouly supposition. . ? . j ' Well, this himde<oihc and- haughty i teacher of English and mathematics ! boarded Jin tho hout-o of n. .Bfoniresl I mechanic—a poor aian, a jTroncisman, I Jiamcd Koirrcy—because, I suppose, I he was too poorto board at an hotel. J M. Koirrey had one daughter—bcauti- I £ul as all the angels—so I have hoard, J just 17—my age now, Thady—-im pulsive, impassioned, hesuslrnng, way ward—all that there is of the reckless and wild, if you will. She saw this beautiful English prince ever day, and sho fell in love with him—as theao passionato, fiery natures will love—madly. And he —he looked at her with great blue weary eyes—eyes that saw her beauty, and never thought of it any moro than if it had been Avas or wood. That drovo her to desperation, and she—it was a maci and unwomanly thiug to do my good Thady —she soon changed all that —sho made him look at her —sho mado him know fiercely she loved him. She was fierce as a litt'c leopard—if she lost him sho sliould die. ' BlonsicurHeginald Vernonlistened to the frantic words of tho frantic girl before him in pale amaze. He was gravo and startled for a moment; then he broko into a faint, strango sort of laugh. 'What docs it matter?' he said; 'I [ might as well, and she's really rery pretty! Thanks, my beauty, this is nil uijospcctcd honour; but if it will inr.ko i you happy, why—l dare3ay I might as I well marry as not. Only I warn you j I am a poor man, and likely to remain so all my life. If that bo no draw back, why—l am very much at your service '* ' A strange wooing, was it not, Thady ? and. throo weeks after Mademoiselle looking beauti ful in white and orange flowers, went to tho church and became Madame Ilcginald Vernou. 'It was an odd marriage—it should havo been a happy one, since she had tho desiro of her heart, and he was too much of an aristocrat ever to ba any thing but courteous and kind. He was too courteous—he did not caro for her —no, not one straw ; and, tossing in his dreams at night, ho called upon another name —a ?woman's name—not I hers. And over hi3 heart, sleeping or ! waking, he carried a woman's picture I— 3 face far moro lovely than her own ; j for this jealous wife looked at it whilo ho slept, and her lovo turned to bitter ' ness and hate. He was colder to hor j than ice. Even when their child was I born, he just glanced at it with those weary, iudifferent eyes; then away, and out into that nnkno vn world he had left behind him. The insonsato pic tore in his breast was dearer to him thau wife act! child. I ' Sho grew reckless after that—bitfcor —desperate; I told you Shore wr3 wild blood In her. JBofore ho over met her, she had run away from home and joined a troop of strolling players, who took her for her besafcy and her voice—tor she snug—oil, heavenly ! Her Father went after her, and brought her buck, and her hnsband nover knew, When her recklessness reached its ! height—when hie coldness, his insult ing indifference, could no longer be borne—when ho had driven her mad with jealousy—she took her child one day, and fled far from him—far from home—a desperate wanderer, resolved rather to die than ever to look upon his stony face again. ' She did not die; she went on the stage once more. She wa3 not much or an actress, but sho was so handsome and sho sang so sweetly that managers accepted her, and paid her a pittance upon -which they lived—she and her child. And when years went by, and the little one grew np, she went on the stage also, and mother and daughter wandered over tho world together. ' 3lauy years after, when the dauglster waa nearly sixteen, they came fcack to Tho nuloved wife came back to die—her heart was broken—she was a worn-out, aged woman, with white hair, at 33. She was dying of. a terrible pulmonary disease ; and, dying, the old love came back, and she Jougcd with an unuttcr ablo longing to see her husband once tnore —to hear his voice—to feel her kiss upon her dying lips. She had never heard of him from tho hour she had left him; he- had never searched for her, very likely. "What did he care for her or her child—whether they lived or died ? She went back to Montreal to find her father and mother dead years before, and her husband gone, no one knew whither, immediately after their death. The bio-.- killed her. Three days after sho died in her daughter's arms. . The soft, low, i'reuch-accented voice. of Ladybird paused suddenly. It had grown quite dark, and lights gleamed up and down tho hospital wards. A\ r ith the last; words she arose to go. 'It is time I was at the theatre, Thady,' she said, in a totally different tone, pulling out a tiny watch. ' See Iww we waste time in telling stories. I iuu3fc leave you to-night, and wish you a sound night's rest. To-morrow early I will be back to write the letter to your mother in Ireland.' 'Bat, mam'selle,' tho sick patient gasped, eagerly, ' for heaven's sake, stay a moment! "Was your Keginald Vernon. Lord Terence Tyrono ?* The little actress laughed—the same strange laugh ae before her story. ' He wasn't mine, Thady. I'd he sorry to own him. And he wasn't your Lord Xereacc, o£ course. The Reginald Vcrnoo of my.story was r, cold-blooded ingratc and villian, whom I halo! v.-iiom—l—hcto !' 'slowly, and with clenched teeth; while your young lord tvrs-k. Eorfc of Irish archangel. Ho would never break s loving wife's heart by coldness, and cruelty and neglect, would he. ?' 'Ivo,' . said. . Thady O'Grady, resolutely,' ho wonld not! But from all you're raid, Til bo banged if I don't think tho fault was tho' woman's fro:n Sist.to ?asi! She was 120 better than ahe'eught to be, that's ray opjiiioiij mriiTi*f;elle, begging your psrtloii .it she was nny friend of yours. She made liim inarry her, whether ho would or no, and I'd see any woman alike at the" dickens boforo they'd do that with :no! She didn't ask for love beforehand, and sho had no right to raise tho deuce about it after. And you say ho-was' always civil and kind to her, and still sho ran away from him without rhyme or reason ? Oh, bedad! 21is3 Xadybird, your Mrs Vernon wa3 a fool—no more nor les-?! . XiadybirdV dark face flushed with angry impatience, and her black eyes flashed. Still slic laughed—a trifle bitterly. ? ? ?' Oh" of course. Trust a man. to jtuigo r? fromiui. TTou are all alike— hearts of Ktoiic. Tho best of you don't understand us. Hardly to Jio wondered r.fc, perhaps, when tho best of us can't understand ourselves. But Thady ' . . . 'Yes, mam'sello.' ' I E'iia6 to ask you A question. I tool interested in your ill-fated JLord Terence. told me lie was an carl's son ?' ' ' His only son, inain'sello —the Earl or I/ismorc,' ' Too earl is dead, I suppose ?' ' Tears ".go, ladybird—dead' of a broken-hcarfc.' . 'Yes; and it this lord Teronco had liis rights, ho would bo 33arl of lii?inore now ?* ? 'He would, mam'sclle—lnoro's the pity and the shame, that he's not.' ' Well, suppose ho was —suppose he had married, and had a daughter, she would sear a title, and bo presented at Court in train and diamonds, and have the best ia tho kingdom at her feet?' * Sha TTOuId, mara'sclle. There isn't older or batter Wood in thfa three kingdoms than the Tyrones of Liismoro, And she would *be a beauty, too. Lord Terry's daughter could not help it.' ' .Ladybird laughed agaia—that laugh which sounded so strangely to lioucst Tiiady from her lips. ' Ivj doubt 3 Well, his cousin, you say, holds tsio title aud estates? This v.'ic*;ed Uouiiia Tyrone—is that ljo\r you called him ?—is Sari o£ iiismoro to-day?' ' Ho is— deuco take liim !* ' And has ho a daughter?" ' ' Aye, that lie has, and :i irontlcrful beaut-,', IVo heard say, too. Her mother, tiioy tell mo, '.vas that before her. Slo must have been, or .Lord Terry would aerer hr.vo loved her as lia did.' *Aad her name—was her name Elvira, Thady ?' ' ilrun'ssllc !" Agaic tbe sick ar,a started, up in amaze. . I ' Ara you a witch ? I never told you ner name.* 'Bidu't you? Perhaps I am a witch ! At lease, I know it, you. see. And yoar Lord Terry loved her like that? 2fow, if she had Joredhim one tithe O3 dearJy as my Mrs "Vernon loved her hasband, sho never would have wedded this false cousin. , . ' You're right raam'selle—no more slio would. IJufc it's always the way with women —on. with tho new love and og-rvith the old, at a moment's warning.' ..'?. ' 2Zy good Thady,' Ladybird said, with a French shrug, ' ain'tyoualsttle severe? I think its just the-other ?.ray; but ths.t is an open <jnc3tion. Ono last word—Sell mo the najne or Lord Lisinore's daughter?'. ' She id the Xjzdv Isabel Tyrone.' ? 'Isabel! Ah! , " She uttered tlie name like a cry> recoiling. Once more Thady looked at her in woader. ' Sure, then, you'd puzzle a Dublin attorney to-night, masn'selle. Upon my conscience ! I believe you know more about what I've been telling you than I know jnyself ' If you do—-—' 'Xotisenae,Thsdy! I know'nothing —nothing , , I tell you! JJever mind me—the moon is at the full, that is all. It affects half-idiots you knowj and I'm one- I grow more or a little fool every day. Good-night, Thady, pleasant rest. I'll write the letter to-morrow." And with thesa words sho flitted away out of the -ward. (To Tie continued?) Mr Creer says that ia two rears the Labor Bureau has assisted 19,000 persons, many of whom are now earning good wages. A drowning fatality occurred at Ijako Bathurst on Tuesday nighfc. A boy 10 years old, named?obert Clarke, son of a. fcttler, while washing turnips in the creek, fell in and was sivepfc away. The creek was running strongly at the time. A younger brother garo the alarm, and the body was recovered later on. Dr. Asnburtoa Thompson and Dr. Scott, arranged on Tuesday for tho establishment of a field hospital at Aberdeen. The equipment necessary for 12 patients arrived, and operations were commenced yesterday, the nursing 3taS being senfc iroin Sydney. There are a, largo number of typhoid casc3 at; Aberdeen. Tho steps which have now been talien will reliere the Scone and Slaswellbrook hospitals, which havo been overcrowded, prin cipally fay Aierdecttpatieats. 