TOWN TALK. The following news matter appears on our fourth page :—Commercial, "Winchel sea Licensing Court, Geelong Grammar School, The Girls'High School, Corio Shire Council, Correspondence (Geelouj Infirmary and Benevolent Asylum). The taxation proposals of the Govern ment passed the third reading in the Legislative Assembly at an early hour this morning. The Ministry, in pursuance of their- intention to push on their measures -with all speed so as to close the session before the Christmas' holidays, sat all night discussing the hill, and when the division was taken this morning they had a majority of 12 votes, _ the numbers being 47 for to 35 against. Several trifling amendments were made in the measure, the most important being one to exempt Mutual Life Assurance Societies having their headquarters in Melbourne from taxation. "With the assistance of the steam-tug. Bacer the large steamship Echuca which ivent aground in Hopetoun channel on Monday afternoon, got afloat again at. 7 o'clock yesterday morning, and reached a berth at the Tarra-street wharf one hour later. The Echuca, which is commanded by Captain A. W. Bond, K.N.B., left Sydney at 7 a.m. on. Satur day, loth inst., and entered Port Phillip tt j i. io.oo uu-oic-iTiiir TStrong. south-west winds experienced for the greater part of the trip delayed the vessel's arrival up to the Heads, and the further detention in Hopetouu channel did not improve matters on board the. .huge cargo carrier. The Echuca has the following cargo on board, which was shipped at Sydney :—2504 bales wool. 52 bales leather, 51 casks tallow, '627 hides, 40 head cattle, 100 sacks horns, 4 bales hair, 7G pieces timber, 1 bale rags, 5265 ingots copper, and 10 packages sundries, j Yesterday the steamer received at the wharf 1542 bales of wool, 85 bales of basils, and 54 bales of leather for London, and she will proceed to Melbourne this morning. There are two saloon passen gers on board the Echuca, viz., Messrs Bobertson and Charlesby. Yesterday morning, abouteighto'clock, the steamer Barrier, one of the Adelaide Steamship Company's line, arrived along side of the railway pier in Corio Bay, from Dimgeness, in northern Queensland, via Townsville, Mackay, Sydney, and Newcastle. She has on board a cargo consisting of 1079 tons of coal for dis charge at Geelong, and 18,216! sacks of sugar for discharge at the. Yarraville Sugar "Works, near Melbourne. Of the trip round Captain Barry reports that the vessel left Dungeness at 6 a.m. on the 1st inst., Townsville at 6 a.m. on the the 2nd, Mackay at 1.30 p.m. on the 7th, Sydney at 9 p.m. on the 13th, and New castle at 7 p.m. on the 14th. She rounded Gabo Island at 12.55 a.m. on the 16th, and entered Port Phillip Heads at 5.5 p.m. on the 17th. On reaching Point Henry at 10 p.m. on Monday the vessel had to anchor, owing to the large steamer Echuca being aground in' Hopetoun Channel, but as soon as that vessel* got afloat yesterday morning the Barrier steamedinto the Bay. Erotn Dungeness to Sandy Cape strong" south-east and east winds were experienced, thence to Sydney moderate winds from south-east to north-east, from thence to Gabo Island moderate to fresh northerly winds; and from Gabo Island to arrival "moderate to j strong winds from the west and south west. The decks of the steamer Ecliucq, which arrived qt this' port yesterday morning from Sydney, presented a'novel' sight to local visitors to the Yarra- street wharf. On each side of the 'decks, fore and aft, strong wooden sheds fitted with stalls were erected, and each stall wus occupied by very prime fat bullocks. There were in all 40 bead of cattlo chiefly of the Polled Angus and Devon breed, shipped from Sydney for the Lou don market. The decks of the hu°e steamer were piled up with fodder and bedding for the live stock on the voyage to England. ° The proprietor of the St. Albans' stud farm has again shown great generosity in his yearly donations towards providing the means for carrying Christmas cheer to the sick and po.or. Recently Mr W. R. Wilson forwarded to Mr F. J. Heath, town clerk of Geelong, a cheque for £50, to be distributed among the local chari table institutions. It has been decided to distribute the amount as follows:— Ladies* Benevolent Association, £10; Gee long Hospital and Benevolent Asylum, £10 ; St. Vincent de Raul's Society, £5 ; Protestant Orphanage Asylum, £5 ; Roman Catholic Orphanage, £5 ; Mrs Hitchcock's Mission School, £3 ; Hornet pathic Dispensary, £3; Mrs Austin's Cottage Homes, £3; Orphan Asylum Convent, £2 ; Salvation Army, £2; ' Refuge, £2. Total, £50. Yesterday afternoon at about 3.40 word was received at the fire brigade station that a fire had broken out on the premises of MrB. Floyd, in Little Ryn. street. Captain ICoon and seveu firemen, together with four members of the salvage corps, quickly answered the summons, and upon arriving at the place mentioned it was found that a couple of trusses of straw used for packing purposes -had caught fire. The flames were quickly extinguished with buckets of water, no other damage being done. \- To-morrow evening mi exposition of spiritualism is to he given in the Exhi bition Theatre by Mr S. Henry, of Sydney, who took stieh a prominent part in that city iu investigating Mrs Mcllon's so-called spirit or ghost raising. Mr Henry promises to produce. all the spiritualistic manifestations in which the lady referred to captivated the spiritists of the city of Sydney, and he is to be assisted by bliss Ada Eitzroy, an illusionist, in producing the forms of the now celebrated Geordie, Cissie and Josephine. The admission charges to thel theatre will be 3s, 2s, and Is, and the proceedings will he commenced punc tually at eight o'clock. Tho remarkably cool treatment of the essays on the meat freezing industry re ceived in the competition for the hand some prize offered by Messrs J. Thomson and Co. iu connection with the National Show is thus commented upon by tho " Hamilton Spectator " : " Amongst others. Mr J. P. M'Meekin was appointed to judge tho treatises sent iu, but from that day to this (three months) nothing has been heard from that gentleman. Not understanding the delay, Mr C. A. Wiggins (secretary of the Hamilton Pastoral and Agricultural Society), wrote to the firm of M'Meekin Bros.' and Co., " of "Warrnambool, and this is the answer he has received: ' "We presume it (Mr "Wiggins' letter) is intcu ded for our Mr J. P. M'Meekin, who is at present in Western Australia. We will bring it under his notice immediately on his return. We fancy he took these essays by way of having some nice light reading on the passage.' The, italics are ours, the satire is the firm's. Just fancy taking essays on frozen meat to Western Australia. Well perhaps, after'••all, -it was a wise course to pursue; they may" have a cooling effect not often experienced in that land of heat and drought, and if so Mr J. P. M'Meekin should certainly add to the value of the prize, more es pecially if he found them to be ' nice light reading.- In the meantime, it is to be hoped that in the worry and bustle attendant on a trip to the far West tho essays have not gone astray, as they re present no small amount of research and anxious thought, ana their composers will not thank Mr M'Meekin for keeping them so long in suspense." At the Geelong police court yesterday morning a sailor named Michael Connor, , who was charged with having been drunk and disorderly, was discharged on the payment of 2s, costs of cab hire in taking him to and from the hospital. It was reported to the magistrates by Senior constable Devereux that the prisoner had sustained a scalp wound in a fight with other sailors on board the ship Brodick Castle, on Monday forenoon. A number of small debt cases were dealt with, and an application by Arthur Edward Jay, of Moorabool-street. South Geelong, for a marine store dealer's license, was granted. The magistrates in attendance were Messrs Pardey (chairman), G. Martin, and B. W. Wheatland, J's.P. The annual concert in connection with the Modewarre State school took place on Friday last, tho proceeds going to tho fund for prizes, and a picnic for the chil dren attending the school. The chair was occupied by Mr C. Mealdn. The programme presented was a very good one. Mrs 'J'. Hammond gave a nice rendering of the " Land of the leal." Mr Walshe was encored for his song."On the bridge." - "The island of dreams," by Mrs A.Beales, was exceedingly well sung; and Mrs C. Dentry received a good round of applause for " The dear home songs." " The Garonne," by Mr A. Beales, was well received by the audi ence. Mr J. Finarty caused great amusement by his two'oomic songs " The cat came back" and " 'E dunno where 'e are," both being encored. The songs were interspersed with recitations and physical exorcises, with musical accompaniment by * the children. These were greatly appreciated by the audience, and showed that great care had been taken by Mr C. O- Dentry, the head teacher, in training the pupils; A splendid magic lantern exultation by the Kev. J. P. Banldn brought the performance to a close. The arrangements were well carried, out by the committee, consisting of Messrs A. Matthews and E. Larcombe (mombers of the Board of Advice), and O. O. Dentry. The following new insolvency schedule was filed yesterday with the chief clerk oh courts in Geelong: Arthur Reginald Ellis, of Steiglitz, minor. Causes of insolvency: Losses in mining specula tions and pressure of creditors. Liabili ties, £114 3s 5d; assets, £10 j deficiency, £10-4 3s 5d. Mr C. J. Mead, assignoe. An object of interest in front .of Mr Kelly's fish shop, in Moorabool-street, yesterday was a large sized shark which had been caught with a hook off Queens cliff and brought to Geelong for exhibi tion. The deep sea fish is what is - known as a shovel nosed shark, and - measured 9ft 3in in length. The shark was exhibited on a board stretched along the channel in . front of tho shop, and during the afternoon it attracted the attention of all passers by. A young man named John Dahnike, a resident of Xarra-street, and employed at the abattoirs, attended at the hospital 'on Mon day evening suffering from a wound to one of his arms. Whilst engaged at work the knife he was using slipped and inflicted th injury wliich necessitated his attendance a the hospital, , A number of advancements in the polic force will be made at the end of the year Inspector O'Callaghan, of Warrnambool, wil be made a superintendent, and appointed " t the vacancy which will he occasioned by th retirement of Supt. Baber. Sergeant P Commons, - whose brother is sergeant ii charge of tho superintendent's office ii Geelong, is to "bo promoted to the rank o sub- inspector, and will be transferred ti Kussell-street at the beginning of the nev year- ■ - Fall particulars in respect to the railway arrangements for the Christmas and Nev Year excursions are published in our adver tising columns, Holiday excursion ticket may be obtained in Geelong at the office o: Mr G. H. Swift, as well as at tho railwar station booking office. At a special meeting of the Geeiong Pres bytery held yesterday the moderator of the \- Werribce charge, the Rev. James Jackson presented a unanimous call in faror or the ;Rev.rT. ilTntosli, MJl., -which was sus tained. . The clerk of the Presbytery read a letter from 3fr M'lntosh accepting the call. The induction services will take place, ou Tuesday, loth January. \- Correspondents sending paragraphs for this column relating to Societies, Church Unions, v Lodges, etc., will please observe that no an nouncements of events to take place are admis sible in .such jxinigraphs unless they refer to an advertisement manotherpart of tho paper. Mr H. F. Richardson notifies a special sale of 'Xtnas hams and produce to- morrow. The secretary of the Ladies' Benevoleut , Association thankfully acknowledges the following Christmas gifts from Mr W. R. Wilson, of St. Albans £10 for the Associa tion's poor, and £3 f«r the inmates of the Elizabeth Austin Cottages. Attention is desired to sale at the Geelong auction mart of musical instruments, organs, fancy goods, pipes, cigars, jewellery, and sundries, this day at 12 o'clock. Mr Henry Bannister, auctioneer. 