EOINA'S SECRET. j * CHAPTBE I, C*t> 7»a look <ne U th fact and say ttmt r u «*? lore aw ?' Ic a sr-viy corner of a picturttqaa village In t'--^ North ef England stood tha School, witrrt thu tofeoolhoase adjoining it. At the feack u1 rh» latter «rii a m»atly-k«pt garden, which niopert towards & pLaatttioa through whinh w- a babbling, (parkling brook that male n-r»(c for lovers' ears tha nDmer through. The garden w» separated from thf T>lan?a'ioa by a hedge in which farni nnf< m«j*Mra vraw, and tha undipped itj traik*Tt wxs hara, on a baimy evening, wtile tbp setting can was firming the »kjr with crims-n sad gold, t*at two intonating p op!- bad met. Those wef Squire Ha^ho-yn, and the pretty BDhoolmiBtraH— E I H VS-KI'-. Jfi ink V-Bt had had charge of the school for six months, during which she had don* wondan. No previous schoolmistress had coma ap to the rector's Weal—and his model school was his hobby - Bdina Vane, howeTer, had fallen in with hi* views, had understood his motives, had desired to carry out his plans, and, as the result, the BBT. George Dimwoo lie had said that in Mils Vane he possessed the finest schoolmistress In England. Bat Edina had done more, than please the rector. Withoit soaking it—for she was tnodest and retiring she had achieved papular! ty, and had not made a single enemy. $he children adored her. Thai* parents blessed her for the improvement she had wrought in her offspring. Even those who occupied a higher sphere in the social'scale looked with a favorable eye upon theschoolmistress, and agraed among themsalvta that she was a deserving young person, .v She might not have been pronounced a beauty, perhaps, though it would have been difficult to have found fault with any one of her features. She had a sweet, fair face, bezel arts, fringed with long silky lashes, end isitrnuB auburn hair, which, though plainly dressed, nobly eet ofi hsz graceful head. Shawn* not strikingly tall, and had « slim figure,but, added to the charm of her inannar, there waa a quiet .dignity which tendered Edina Vane very womanly, and commanded the respect of those with whom ehe came in contact. She had jest steu her tWKDty- se-ond birthday. The squire was but a few moaths older than the trehbolmistrtss, and was as manly -a yomng fellow, both as regarded his apptara«c« and character, at" ehe was womanly. He was undeniably good-loaki^g. dear and.. fresh of complexion, brighvVhje, sad with crisp, curly brown sir that clustered about -i* now that was, peihapt, a little too Sytoaic for a-OQuntry squire. . After he bad oome into the estate, Philip \- Hawthorn had gone abroad, and had hten 00 fnadnated withtheecenes in the many wonderful lands he bad visited, that the kt. . kew eohool mistress had been in office some v five months when he returned. He had " Hot troubled himself so far about matri- 1- fluaj, though he ettpposed that lie should ananyBomed^ —one he oould not very well have defined. Htsdnddto bfruBwif, "That is the woman lor me, and I'll many her, if shell let v v Philip sounded his Mend, the rector, v\«bout her. Site Sev George Dinwoodie, 1 who. though older than the squire, was ^comparatively a young jnan, smiled, and jglancing atPhilip,tried to readhisface. i- "Miss Vane is a treasure, Phollp/* he said. consider myself and the parish _ most fortunate In having secured and T retained such an admiTableBchooImistress. {hop* that we are not likely toloee her," «9d Mr Dinwoodie looked at the squire pon. MIBB . iveiytSon- ^ent, i should eay^ Of ofuxse she might Jr^YeBj might marry. Then she ' Would _ itb be irar popular . sohodndstr^eH. 1 r wHatnrally jBO. Ton knew all about Miss Ynaeb JDlnwoodipi I euppoee, when " yon ei^gedher f" ' 13ie sector joodded. \ * I knew something of her-family, and 6f her own bistozy," he replied. " I was ^qtSte satisfied, or ynm may be sure that Miss Yane would not have obtained the " "Jnst so. By the way, has Miss vane -*had tronble of any kind in her lifeP 1 have notroed her.faoe osoe or twice when ft has heefc in repose, when she has been snoonsciaus of anyone's eyes resting npon her, and I have fancied that it basworn a troubled look. I may bave been wrong, but that was the impression it gave me." ;; " Yes," replied the rector, after a brief pause, "Miaa Vane has had trcuble, young as she is j btit it is trouble whieh ahe has been merdfully enabled to oonagn to oblivion. It is a trouble buried, Philip, if yon are the znan l take yon to be, you wffl never try. to inearth it. I respect >153inn Vane; and you may do the same." Philip Hawthorne put no more questions, and on bia way home said to himself, Dinwoodie couldn't have said more in hsr favor if he had spoken vohunes. I will see her agun.** : He did see her again, and after that _ oontrived to vieet Edina frequently during her ev^iing strolls, by the twook side in ' the plmtation, or throughihe fields. And the jnore he SAW of her, the greater was Me lon ging to make her his wife. He was notquile eure that she returned his love, but helanded that sbe did, and at length lie reeolved to put It to the test and leam Ids-fate. . Afterdinner,onthisbalmyevening,hfihad left the cihasa, and had walked in the direction «f ifae -sehoolhousa by a fiald path on which ha had once or twioe mat Edina. Not enoounteriag her,he1iad ntertd theplantatton andsauntared by the brook. Edina was not then, however. Beaching the. poiirt . which the sohodlkouse garden overlooked, he had seen her standing by the hedge, her -eyes fixed upon the crimson sky, her face eesmiagtohimserenely beauti|ui. Heapproached her. EJJna came down from the cHotd* and-aodlliigly held out her hand over tha hedged' Philip teak- possession of it, and detained it until lu bad told her of the old eweet of an henest man's love. There was flighty or stagy about hto declaration. He delivered himssilf In quiet, though glowing terms, and placed himssif and his w«lth at her feet. Edina shook her head, and, with her eyes bent upon an ivy tendril her fingers bad teuehed, raplied— H You have done me a great bonor, Mr Hawthnne, aud i thank you from my heart. Bat It cannot be. The woman you marry pest be lfln Csarar's wife." There waa a momentary look of amaxemtut in.Philip's face,as he tried to make her eves meet hls, and to read her thoughts. " Yes, fJmve suspicion," he said, 41 as you aie,«r you weald not be occupying the position yoa do now. Yon see I know eomething fibout you. and the esteem In which Mr Din* wnodieholds iron. Say 'Yes,' Edina. You v^li newr reg»t it, and you ^>1 maka me -tte hH>^est jnan aUve." / , , JSfca did'*et spaak, and nnoonidously bi^an lo tqy with a sllver looket that was MS$«naed <roni her neck. ^Ilip ir^ed the lodcet eagerly, as an Idea tbn&^oiVTA have a lover already I Is ttot jt l" he ailnd In tremulous tones. < jDdftft faHecT hareyesto his. "You an booking at my locket. No, it MY«H any sister Jauei. Though so much Mike in form end ftalnrss, we present a marked contrast. Janet is as dark as I am light. I wear her protrait, ani ehe wears ttune. We were imeparable when we were at home, in tha old happy days that will nevar come again." "Oh, don't say that, Edina. There are many happy days in store for yea, if yon will only entrust your future to my caie. Say < Yes,' Edina—do, darling." Then, as the lapsed into a silence again, and kept bar eyes down, he said— "Oan you look ma in the face and say that yoi do not love me ?" And after a pause there oame the whispered answer," No." "Then you must be mine. Ton shall be mine." 0 Stay. Ton h*va heard something of me from Mr Dinwoodie. Have you beard from him all my story V! " I think not What doss.it matter t Mr Dinwoodie said that you had had trouble, but that it was trouble buried. Let it rest, Edina. whatever it was. I care nothing for your put. It is you, as I have known you and learnt to love, that I want." " You are too generous and confiding. Go to Mr Dinwoodie and learn ail my story. Then—perhaps—" "You will be miner' ha said rapturously. " Wait until you have heard all T" "I fear nothing now,. You .love me. I know it," and, seising freiffiaud,be Idued it passionately; than he left hereto hear her story, as aha had jKjjdcn him, from the rector. \- !i> On his way to the rectory be had to pass tha village inn. At the door of that koetalry stood a Btranger who attracted his attentfon. He was a tall, well-built man of respectable appearance, whose features were good, but were spoiled by what to Philip seemed the decidedly evil expression they wore. As Philip pastedtha inn the stranger and he •xchanged glCnces. and Philip fancied that the man muttered something to himstlf. " 1 never law the fellow in my life batore." mused Philip, as he walked on; " but tbare'a something about the look his face wears that makes one fed cold. I wonder whs he is, and what his errand is in this neighborhood 1 Not a pleasant one, Til be bound," OHAPTEB II. » Edina Vane has sent you to me to hear her story} You wish to haar all 2" " All. It cannot affect her honour, I am tmre of that." Her honour, no; but there are many men who would pause ere they renewed the offer you have made Edina Van* when they had heard her story." " Sapposa l am not like other men, Dinwoodie. Bat never mind that. Tall me first whether yon consider Edina unworthy of the off ar I have made her." »i do not, Philip j I consider her worthy to be any man's wife. Whafrthe world would think ot tha connection, however, la another matter." " Bother the world. I stand al<me—«m tha last of my race, as you know, Dinwoodie, and oan afijrd to plaue myeelf. If I am satisfied witlf the woman I aak to be my wife, it coacarns me little as to what other people nay think. Proceed, it you please." "Sdima Vane," began Mr Dinwoodie, "was bora of respectable and well-tordo pareats. Mr Vane was not a rich man M-iidhee are regarded in thaee days, but he had been successful, and had saved enough to retire en. (Jnfortuiutely, he was induced to invest his oapitalitt an undertaking that appeared to be in a most flourishingcond ! fcian, and which promised a large return. Unfortunately, I say, because the concern waB one of those bubble affairs that eoUapse with the prick of a tin. It smashed, Mr Vane lost his mtmey, and bis loss hastened his end. At his death, Mta Vane was left with an income so small that sha had to let some of her zooms to gentlemen lodgers. Mrs Vane had two daughters—Edinaand Janet.. With Sdina, one of the lodgers, wh<ne name was Bichard Bevan^ fell in love, or professad to have fallen in love, for, from what I'have heard (rf ' the man, I am inclined to think l&at; it was with'EiUna's prospects that hi ^Was in love rather than with herself, though she was -pretty enough lor My man to fall in love with for heniaU alone. " Toere was an aunt, you must know, who had willed her money—«oma eight thoustnd pounds — to Edina and Janat in; equal partlonai and, I repeat, 1 believe it Was: to this moncy that Bichard Bevan had an eye. At any rate, he made Edina believe that he loved her, and as he had a fascinating way with him, it was net difficult to persaade a girl of ninetaan of the ganuinaoaesa of Ids davotioa. This Bevan gave it out that he was in the commissbn bsudnssi, and as he was always well dressed and seemed in easy circumstanoa*, Mrs Vane thought that bar daughter oould not do better than accspt him. , " They were married, and for: a tune mattais went welL In a while,, however, Edina made the painful discovery that ehe had united herself to a Bcoua^rel. His treatment was abominable, and will not be** talking about. To make matters worse, they had not been married six moaths when Bichard Bevan was arrasted for forgery, a it transpired that it waa his second offence of the kind, ana that Edina's husbauL was an ex-coMTict," " Good Heavens 1 Poor <child I Well ?'* •< The chai^a was proved against him, and Blohard Beran was sentenced to another and a longer term of imprisontnmti At Portland, ne attemptad to make his «Bcape, and waa shot dead by a warder. Poor Ediua tried to live dosm the disgrace, and, when her mother died—Edina baring returned to her mothar's house—ehe obtained a situation; bat the disgrace followed her, and she was drivenfroir one situation to another on that account, until she saw my advertisement in a London newspaper. for a schoolmistress, and applied to me for the post. I have friends in the district in the South froihwhere Edina comes, and having leant her history, and had a personal interview with her, I engaged hsr. Her painful story has not followed her down here, and it would never have passed my lips had you not demanded it at idina'e reqjaest." "And the sister?" " Janet is in a situation in the South, and is as good and true a woman as Edina is." " Then I know the wont, which is, that Edina Is, or was, the wife of a convict." " Precisely." « Which is her misfortune, net her fault, Dinwoodie." « Hex misfortune, certainly." Philip Hawthorne rose from his seat, and stretching himself to his full height, said: «I flVii marry her, Dinwoodie; and let any man whisper a word against her when she is my wife, if he dare. Thank you for telling me bar story/* Had he consulted his own feelings, Philip would have tried to have seen Edina again that night, but it was getting late, so he decided to postpone the pleasure until the following evening, after he had returned from a journey he had to make to a neighbouring town on buBintiis connected with his estate- It had been an eventful day for Edina, In the rnnming . she had received letter from her Bister, informing her of the death of their aunt, and in which Janet asked .Edina to meet her at a lawyer's in London on an early day to ge through certain formalities respecting the money they had inherited. Than hat come an offer of marriage from the riehast man in the district, the man she had learnt to love. In her prettily-arranged room, Edina felt vtry happy that night, though her heart beat more rapidly at times, when she wondered what the effect of hearing her story would be en Philip. Edina believed ! that he would be true toner, bat then was iuha uncertainty, and It pzoauead a rtsHess fit which prlvented her giving hsr mind either to work or reading. After dark, when the stars were pesi out, and the yonag moon was rising be! the plantation. -Edina dole out into the earden to enjoy the sweet, cool air that had succeeded the heat ot tha day. She sauntered down to the hedge, and had no sooner done so than the figure of a man rose from behind it and confronted her. At first she thought that it was her lover who had thus taken her by surprisf j the next moment, hdwever; sha was tbrnwiriafo j a state of nervosa dread, and her fape gone deathly white. } " You 1" she exclaimed, as, dark thaagb 'is was, sha saw, looking intently at fc*;, ijt man whom Philip Hawthorne had as hour or two before standing at the dcr^ of the village inn. " Don't bs alarmed." said the man "I'm flesh and blood. I'm no ghost, I aasuss year And I den't want to compromise K1W Vane 1 '—emphasising her maiden or I might have paid you an earlier vit'4, have sought you in school, or at the door of yow snug little house." "You!" she replied,the terrifcU O* fear atUl in h«r white face. " You thought yon were niccl? tid of me, didn't you F Baid Bichaj c Timtsx, with a chuckle. Then, speaking ^piaiy, in a low voice, he centinued:—1 after all yon see. It was who waa shot. Not the first -xi&b; ^pr bave made a mistake of that kind st^t, shop. Well, I got away, and was in ing amongst my pals for a time. It was no use troubling yon, for I knew yen had little enough to live on, so I managed to get abroad, where I've been tall lately." "And now, Bichardf" asked Edina, tremulously. " I want to go abroad—fur enough off— for good. I have come to you for the money. Of course, I know yon have only to send for a policeman, and yon can get rid of me on very easy termB. But " You know that I would not do that, badly as you treated me." " I don't think yon would. Well, your aunt iB dead j give me half of your four , thousand pounds, and I swear that yon will have seen the last of me. I shall go to Australia." Edina had reason to hold this man in abhorrence. He had rained her life, and now, just when happiness seemed to be within heir reach, her wicked husband had risen up before her as though from the dead. But in the few moments she took to think how she should reply to his request, Edina thought not of herself; her thoughts were for the man who, evil-minded as he was, or had been, was still her husband— the man who wss in peril. "Youshall have the money,"sbe said. " Get back to your hiding-place in London with all speed, and let me know where I Attn meet you there the day after tomorrow." He wrote an address on a slip of paper; he tore from his pocket-book, and as he gave it he said: "You are an angel, Edina.. I wish to God that I had been worthy of you. But it is top late nowt you will be happier without me. ^ I will keep my promise. We shall meet in town for the last time." Then, her hand, he put it to his lips, and running down the sloping ground eased in the plantation. An honr passed, aed Edina stOl stood by the hedge, the moon shining down upon her lustrous hair and the sweet face, oat of which the sift colouring had been driven in a moment. At last she turned towards the house;as with a sob she said: "I must never see him again; never again." She was thinking of the man of whom it was almost a sin to think now. OHAPTEB III. By.evening tile next day Edina had left tba village. ..She had had an interview with the rector after morping rchool, and had explained why ehe .mrast resign hex post, at almost * moment's .notice, and Leave at onceffor the South. «I am profoundly sorry for you," said Mr Dinwoodie, "and If eel equally sorry for the squire. He is a fine, manly fellow, and this will be a severe blow to him." E-iina hongher head, and tried hard Jfco keepJher back. " I cannot epeak to you of that, she said. " And I must not' even thiak of Mr Hawthorne now; though it will not be easy, I fear, to forget what has taken place between us." " Yes, yes," with a sympathetic nod. .Then: "At the moment I am at a loss to know what to do about the school. I'm afraid it will mean oloBing it for some little time." "Oh, Mr Dinwoodie, I cannot tell you how hard I find it to tear myself away from it. It nearly breaks my heart. Would you—do you think——" ««Yee ?" encouragingly. «i was wondering whether you would let my Bister. Janet have it, if she would like it. I am sure 8he woul i suit you, and -and- " " Say i&o; more. If your sister will take it, she shall have it. I will keep it open for a few days, if you will let me know soon." So that was arranged. Mr Dinwoodie remained at home in the evening in anticipation of a visit from the tquire. It was getting late when Philip arrived, his face p≤, a mystified look in his eyes. "Good heavens ! Dinwoodie, what has happened?" he eagerly asked. "I was later back than I expected, and when I went to the school-house just now, the woman you had left in charge said that Mies Vane had gone.' but oould give me no reason. - Gone when P And why ? Yon don't mean to say——" "Be seated, Philip, and calm yourself. You shall hear all that I can tell you." Philip dropped into a chair, but he looked far from calm. Mr Dinwoodie explained the painful circumstances under which Edina had to leave the school and the neighbourhood. " Her husband 1" exclaimed Philip, springing from his seat. " Then it would be that villian I saw standing at the inn door. I felt at the time that his presence here meant mischief to someone. And Edina has really gone—for good, Din- woodier "She could scarcely have remained after what had passed between you and her, Philip, independent of that man's claims upon her." "Oh, my God! this will kill me," and the fcquire, with a sob that touched the rector's heart deeply,* buried his face in biff hyifl"- " Be a man, Phillip," said the reetor, kindly, laying his hand on his shoulder, " Yon will get over it." " Never 1" cried Phillip, fervidly. " You don't know how I love her,- Dinwoodie. And I may not even Bee her again ot write to her. It is quite as bad as if Death itself had robbed me of her." Mr Dinwoodie then told him that possibly Hdina's sister Janet might take the school, on which Philip burst out with: " And she is EO like her sister, that I shall never see her without being reminded of Edina And it will be torture," " Then you had better travel again for a while." " I have to do BO, for I shall never be able to stand this place now that Bdida has gone out of it." Aed the young squire felt it so keenly that he did pnt a few hundred miles beween t»imaAif end tha vc-.>ue of his unfortunate lovj-n; .Ling within a day or two of what had happened. Before the week was out, Mr Dinwoodie reoeived an intimation from the South which enabled him to atinoucca that the cchool would be je-opened on the follow- Monday, under fhe charge of Miss Janet Vane, the sister «f the late Bchoolmistress, and was at some pains to ensure for her a kindly reception, as one who would worthily succeed a worthy sister. The new schoolmniaress was expected to arrive on the Saturday afternoon- In the evening, the rector, who was the most kindly Afinsn, called to offer her a word \--sfjaonragement. He wc'cM fcisre donsibig'in fcsi cisft o£ " -1 per- £ect <tntS;7er jhe did It ihe ^illin/ij Itecasaee rigafrd Kehud lex iSx Dluwoodu! wae sather at liliise' Vstae'e" • • iooVad white ill, aed 1>ero were dark Ilaee nadeciver eyesihsit fc-td01 iose cf sk es aad ' jraSterlBtf ot, eome Htwl. It hex few dftyc to recs>*« etcry ixad. txo8oee4 on hee. Be tW isails with whieh Sffira had .eister • JL —nScp^imnmoatlvc. Shs and' 4a noli very Gtp^ia' 'fha££.ieljKimBsfcai^^ : - and Iser tissiSf, Brp&i; fhe tt&esl; s vfsir dnxSngr -wlg^r^ldshe saw fee less genial s had been. " Ah, well, dife'er," said the rector to himself; '' we-arejictsll constituted alike, and - certainly, in some respects, Janet is less pleasing in her wifuwflr than Edina was." But he had no doubt as to her efficiency. . Mr Dinwoodie questioned some of the children, as he met than in the village, about the new mistfiess, and the verdict that wafc:- passed on her was pretty unanimous. Miss Vane was very kind, ftwd she had showed them Miss Edina's likeness, which she wore in her silver locket, whish had delighted them all, and caused them to vow-to love the new mistress for her sister's sake. So that,if Janet lacked the personal>dhanh of Edina, Mr Dinwoodie had, on the whole, reason to be satisfledl On the Sasday the rector was surprised to see the squire in church, and noticed that he hardly took his eyes off the schoolmistress. In his-sermon Mr "Dinwoodie bad a good deal to say about the moth and the flame, and once or twice looked .rather hard at Philip. Philip made his escape as soon as the service was over, and walked eff at railway speed to The Chase. The schoolmistress's face had nearly driven him mad. " I waa a fool to come hick," he said to himself. That woman's face would make a luaatic of me in a month. But Dinwoodie needn't have preached at me as he did. Of course he faneies that I ehall transfer my affection from Edina to Janet, bat I'm not the man to4o that, and I'm not. going to think so meanly of myself as to suppose for a moment that I would." Ihe Bchoolmistre3s's face haunted him all day, and had-such an effect on him that at last he said, "I'll go abroad for a year, two years, any length ef time, -and at once. But I must see her, must bid her farewell,in case we never meet again: I will call upm Janet to-morrow, and ssk her for her sister's address It's no us a asking Dinwoodie,: because'he wouldn't approve of it, and would read me a lecture instead." # • • • ~ • . • . *" . • * " 1 must net give you Edina's address, Mr Hawthorne; ~ They stood ini^ie porch after the school hafl bosh dismissed. " You refuse, Miss Janet f" lookin keenly into, her p^e facs, ip-- ': i'c.ntriefe*' so with her dark eyebrows, and the glossy dark hair that crowned her shapely head, "I must." He caught sight of her locket. «Da you wear Edina's portrait P" he asked. ''May I look at itf" As she offered no resistance he opened the locket, feasted his eyes for a moment on the sweet, fair face it contained, put it to his lips,: then, with* sobj rushed from the scene. \- CHAPTEB XV. ' Philip Hawthoniei. went to Paris, but the gaieties of the gayest capital in the world had no charm for him. His life had bsen ruined, he told himself, and such a thing as pleasure WKB now-impossible. He therefore left P«ris, and, (together with a friend he had picked np there, went into Switzerland, and endeavored to "take it out of himself," as he put it, with a severe course of climbing amongst the Alps. . ! Od the day heiSdieft Liverpool an awful shipwreck had been reported, which had been the topicof the hour. A ship, bound for Australia, on'y a few days out, had gone down in a terrible gale with every soul on board. It had been one of the most appal' Uag catastrophes at aaa known for years, and had touchedthe heart of the whole nation. In the selfiihnass of his own trouble, how ever, Philip bontented himself with reading a summary^ of the calamity. Had he read the details^ his travals would not have extended beyond the metropolis. Philip had left home angry with tha rector, Mr Dinwoodie had flatly deelined to give him Edina's address, and had plainly told him that far him to go on loving a woman who had a husband living wai slnfal and unmanly. "Go away and forget her," the rector had arid. Philip had found it hard to forgive his friend, and ha had been wandering in Switzerland and Italy for three months era he could make up his mind to write to him. At Borne, Philip and his companion agreed to takethrsteamer at Oivita Veoehlafor a trip up the Medltteranean. Befors embarking he wrote to Mr Dinwoodie, and gave him the names of ona or two places at which a latter would flad him. Philip's allenca hni puzzled Mr Dinwoadie, because he thought too highly of him to suppose that he bore malice on accoant of their having differed as to the propriety of Edina's address being withheld from him. Pnllip's letter perplexed him still more, for it contained not a uisgla reference to Edina. 11 Is he really trying to Btifle his passion for her f" said the ractor to himself, after reading the letter again. " Or—good gracious 1 ha may not even have heard of that awful catastrophe at sea at about the time of his-departure, and may be quite unaware of the f«ct that Bichard Bevan was amongst the passengers who went down with that illfated ship." He wrote to Philip by the next poat, layiag tha circumstance before him, and leaving him to do as he saw fit. The letter reached Phiiip at Alexandria. Ha had barely read it, when he electrified his friend by shouting, " Home I home! by the first ship that's going that way, and Haavan grant that it may be aoon. Oh, that I should have been in ignorance of that man's death all this time!_ This comes of thinking my own affair outweighed in importance that of a calamity which called forth tha sympathy of a nation, miserable dolt that I was I" And homeward ha set his face from that montant. • « # » * * « It was a wild night in tha late autumn, with rain in the wind, which came in gusts liks showers of steal. It was a night to be indoors, and Mr Dinwoodie, who waa suffering from a cold, was hugging the fire in his cosy study. Ostessibly he waa preparing a sermon, for a sheet on which he bad penciled so21a notes was in his hand; in reality,htiwas thinking of the schoolmistress. The rector was quite concerned about her. He had thought her far too pale when she had first come; now she seemed to be wretchedly ill, and to be losing hsr good looks. Her manner, also, disconcerted him. She treated him with proper respect, and faithfully discharged her dutiss, but she appeared to be deslrous-of keeping him at a distance, and he bad found hsr most reluctant to talk about Edina. And Mr Dinwoodie had interested himself so much in Edina's case, that he fait her sister's reticerce vary much, and failed to understand it. He had proved himself to he Edina's friend, and he would bave been her sister's fritnd if she had allowed him. Being himself practically a little below par on this stormy night, Mr Dinwoodie fait b :h perplexed and distresssd as he called to biiad the many Indications he had had of schoolmistress's unsympathetic temperamat ; but being kindly disposed, he was Inclined to think that It might ba p«r«]y a question of health, and bad almost ma&a; np bis <aind to write to Edina, and state his tsxsn that hsr sister wss suffering from seme cauga or other which die declined to specify, ssdihat, in his opinion, she needed proper attention at tha hands of a medical man. Keliad almost decided to do this, when his servant announced : " Miss V«ce." \- Wftft-an exclawation of surprise. M* Dinrota and wcrivrd tha sehoo'mistress. « I con commend your courage m«re than yycr discretion, Miss Janet, in venturing out oft 88>h a night," he said, kindly taking her head aud leading her to a chair by the fire. " Pxajr, let me relieve you of your cloak, it ii vest: through. Dear, dear, hark at the E* ^mhsA a night it Is." HjUiag ramovad her cloak, and seen her seated, Mr Dinwoodie dropped into his own chair, and began rubbing his hands together before the fire, to give the schoolmistress time to compose herself. As die did not speak, Mr Dinwoodie said : u It should be no light errand which brings yon out on such a night. There is something troubling 70a, I fear, Miss Janet." " Yes, I want ycu to release me from my engagement."' " I am very sorry to hear it; but, if it is on the ground of ill-health, I must try to meet your wishes. You have discharge* the daties faithfully, butjfrom the first, I hare questioned whether-your strsngth was equal to the task. Now, I am sure that it was noMor your health has suffered terribly. 11 It Is not that, Mr Dinwoodie." *' No f" with a glance of surprise at the schoolmistress's white, haggard fao«. There was a pause ere she replied: My conscience will not allow me to occupy the position any longer." " Your conscience, my dear, young lady ! I wish every woman had its clear a one as yours." The schoolmistress shook her head sadly. No." she said. " You don't understand yet. I must try to explain." There was another pause. Then, as if unable to bear the'tension longer, sbe threw harself at the rector's feet and cried: "Ob, Mr Dinwoodie, don't ycu know me ?" " Edina 1 Can it be possible P" The rector's eyes had been opened in amoment. He was shocked at the deception, but the offender had a warm place in his heart, and he pitied her. Gently raising her, he bade her be seated again, th*n p*id: " Now, tell me why you did it." With downcast eyee, and in an almost inaudible voice, Edina replied'.- "I did not intend to do it when I went away; but when I found that Janet could not take the school, I oould not bear the thought that it would suffer and I knew that" I could not live away from the spot where I bad found so much happiness. So I was tempted to personate •Janet by dying my hair, and exchanging lockets with her. 1 thought that no harm could come of it 3 but, oh, Mr Dinwoodie, I little dreamt how hard the part would be I had to play, or tte suffering it would entail. To-night I felt that I could no longer keep my shameful: secret to myself, and so " The rector still hated the deceit of which Edina had been guilty, but he was touched with her misery. "And so, you poor child," he said placing his hand on her shoulder, "-you came through the storm to confess'your fault. May God forgive you, Edina, as I do." "The squire, sir," here announced the servant. ~ It was an awkward moment. Mr Dinwoodie would have kept Philip- back. Edina, with an affrighted look, had slipped on to the floor again, and had buried her face in her bands. Philip stood in the doorway, takingin the scene, with wonder written large, in his bronzed face. ; In a few words Mr Dinwoodie explained all, ijien quietly left the room. When lie returned the haggard look in Edina's face had given plaee to one of in effable peace. Tha storm without resembled that through which she had been called upon to paeB, but ehe had safely reached a haven of refuge; her head rested against Philip's breast, and the arm that was to protect her henceforth was around her. [THH UNI).] 