r iWfeurn. Siberia has G, 000000 square miles ot gpopl farm land. j v One-third of the world is controlled oy the Anglo-Saxon race. V The longest clock -pendulum ever made is that of the Eiffel Tower- — 377ft. Over 20,000 men, women and children died from snake bites in the year. 1893 in India. . Leather trunks were made and sold in Rome as early as the days of Julius Caesar. . There are more strikes in the United States than in all the rest of the .world put together. No man of a less stature than five - feet 1 nine and a half inches can enter the police force of New York. A Waterloo veteran, in the person of Count Donnet- Vorget, has died at Paris at the age of 100 years. The Admiralty have given instructions for swimming classes to be formed at "the Sheerness School ot Gunnery. The largest bronze statue in the world is that of Peter the Great at St. Peters burg. Its weight is about 1100 tons. A singular discovery has been made m Algeria on the site of the ancient Roman townpf Thamugadia, now known as Tim- gad/t Portions of a colossal statue; the -height of which is estimated to have been no less than nine "ards, have been found. In Hungary it is the custom for the groom to give the bride a kick after the wedding ceremony to make her feel her subjection. This is a matter that suggests thought. A vessel called the Islam detained at Glasgow because she is laden with contra band of war, supposed to be intended for one of the belligerent powers in the Far East. British Government does not want to pay another Alabama claim. History mentions a Bingle battlefield where one king was slain and his suc cessor crowned — the battle of Bosworth Field, fought on 14th 'August, 1485. Richard HI. was slain, and the Earl of Richmond was crowned as Henry YII. There is one place in the world, at any rate, where the streets are literally paved with gold. At Johannesberg it has been lound that stone recently supplied by a mine on the main reef for paving the streets yields six pennyweights to the ton. Sometimes there are precocious boys other than Colonials. Our cable mes sages report the suicide by hanging of a little eleven year old Londoner, who took his life in a fit of pique because of being punished for a misdemeanor by the deprivation of his dinner. Announcement that the authorities of Argentina have decided to allow the ex tradition of the swindler Jabez Spencer Balfour is fully confirmed. The detective at Buenos Ayres sent to arrest the in famous Liberator man has telegraphed "All right "to the Scotland yard authori ties. Balfour mil get a warm welcome back to his native land. The domestic household of Bun-Ian, ; the King of Annate, sonrists wholly ot women, iucluding ja hundred wives, who are divided into Tpne classes, according to the station of Mfevpi bicn they were horn. Thirty women guttrd the entrance to his private apartments, while five more are his constant personal attendants. Moths con be successfully removed from carpets, in the following manner Wring a course towel out of clear, cold water ; .spread it Bmoothly on the carpet, iron it dry with a good hot iron, repeat — ing the operation wherever the moths are supposed to be. There is ne need to press hard, and the color ot the carpet will, not be injured, as the moths are destroyed by the heat- and steam. M. Caeimir-Perier , who is forty- six years old, is, with two exceptions, the youngest ruler whom France has had since Napoleon, at thirty, became First OonsuL Louis XVII. at bis accession was fifty-nine, Charles X. was sixty- seven, Loui? Phillipe fifty-seven, Thiers seventy-three,. MacMahon sixty-five, and Gravy seventy-one. Gavaignac, however, was only forty-six when placed at the head of the State, and Uouis Napoleon, who succeeded him, was only forty. The death is announced of General Boulanger's mother, Madame Boulauger, nee Griffiths, a lady of Welsh birch, at the age of ninety-three, in the apart ment in Paris where she had lived for many years. She had been in a wander ing state of mind, her faculties haviug declined about the time wheu her son's popularity in Paris was at its climax-. She was unaware of his expulsion from the army, or of his exile and suicide in the Ixelles Cemetery at Brussels. Valentine Vox seems to have found an imitator in an adopted Japanese girf of eighteen who resides in the province of Kai. Her foster-parents and neighbors were recently astounded by the discovery that the house was haunted by a most mysterious voice. No 41 ghost "could be discovered. At last it was found that the girl had developed an extraordinary faculty for ventriloquism. She had been exercising her faculty for the purpose of compelling her parents by adoption to restore her to her real mother. The trade in shrimps has grown so enormously during the last year or two that about four tons daily are despatched by the mail boats from Ostend to Dover, whence they are despatched chiefly to London and the great centres of Lanca shire and Yorkshire. They are caught on the sand coasts of Belgium and boil<«s ready for market, and packed in fin hamperssci as to reach breakfast fokilT?6 the English Midlands the next day. Ttie tail of the kangaroo is the flesbiept part of-: the; animal. It is consi&JS; dainty food when boiled in its own ski which afterwards may he drawn, off lit ' glove. ea \- AnwAmerican physician in Tokio doing s rushing business by straightening the slant in the eyes of the Japanese, a fine silk thread draws up the eyelids 'and holds them in place. A few neat stitches are all that are required. The term 44 infantry" was first used b» the Spaniards, in the wars with the Moots to designate-tire bodyguard of a Eoyal prince, or infante. It was later extended to the entire body of foot soldiers, and finally adopted" throughout Europe. ' A little extract of liquorice destroys the taste of aloes ; peppermint water d«- guises nauseous taste of salts ; milk is J good abater of the bitter flavor of Peru- vian bark, and cloves that of senna Castor oil cannot be tasted if beaten and thoroughly mixed with the white of an egg. Another method of covering the nauseous taste of castor or cod-liver oil is to put a tablespoonful of strained orange juice in a wineglass, pour the oil into the centre of the juice, and then squeeze a few: drops of the juice upon the oil and upon the edge of the glass. The Wellman polar expedition has ar rived safe and sound at Tromsoe, a sea. port on the north-west coast of Norway. The party got as far north as lat. 84 deg, and there came to a 4 dead-end, " in is shape of a solid wall of ice, which effectively blocked further progress. Not being able to waff until the ice- wall melted, the party hied them hack to home and friends as fast as possible. Mean while it is chilling to reflect that Dr N arisen and his party are probably some where on the other side of that wall of ice. As an instance of the courtesy of the Royal Family, it may be mentioned that when an artist went down to White Lodge the other day to make a sketch of the birth-place of our future King, the Duke of York himself gave the artist all the necessary information, and was at much pains to secure the accuracy of the sketch. At last the Prince asked, 44 Would you like to have the baby in to draw from ? You can if you like, you know," he said ; 44 but. candidly, it is not a whit different from every other baby, and at present I personally cannot see much myself except a bundle of flannel 1" fFTTrrnTTrirBnTT-rrTwr-irgrgTi ibiibi in n i mm 