Photographic lotes. IN THE WARRUMBUNGLE RANGE, THE BOGILDI VALLEY, &c.; (BY HIS HONOR JUDGE DOCKER.) (See illustrations on this page.) The next morning I journeyed in perfect weather through some magni ficent scenery, hut owing to a series of disasters I have nothing to show for it. My morning stage skirted the foothills on the level to Gummin Gummin Valley. On the way I got Hopelessly bogged in a swamp which extended right across the road from fence to fence, and so could not be evaded, Some heavy wool waggon had shortly before worked a treacherous boghole beneath the surface of the water, into which all unsuspecting we plunged. The horses struggled in vain, though we lightened the buggy of all cargo, and there I had to wait patiently till my trooper procured from the station, fortunately not far away, a draught horse with long trace-chains to attach to the end of the pole, which with a mighty effort enabled us once more to i reach terra firma. This valley is almost equal in beauty to Tun derbrine. It too has its Split rock and its Needle, and though it has nothing to correspond with the Spire, it has on either side of its entrance the two loftiest peaks of the range, Mount Ex mouth on the south and Bullaway on the north, mighty sentinels of the ages. Here I halted for lunch, an dphotographed each of these fine mountains, but when I came to develop I found to my chagrin that I had taken both on the same plate, and so of course had got neither. From Bullaway a main spur runs northward for many miles, till it sinks into the plain ; and there are several minor parallel ridges, some of them pretty steep, with deep, awkward creeks in the intervening valleys. A "track crossing these saves a detour of many miles, though the rough ness of the country makes driving slow. From these ridges and valleys there are several good vie AV s of Bullaway IN THE WARB, TI MJ3UN GLE RANGE. (See letterpress on this page.) Boogildi Valley, Mount Ulungerie. Looking North-east. Looking North-west. Looking South-west« ^ / as we pass round his Bouth-west face. I pulled up and took one, only to find that the plate had "been put in the slide back to front, and the negative is therefore reversed. I arrived at Goorianawa in good time, and got a front view of the mountain, this time all right. From here he is aline object to the eye, es pecially in the changing effects of light and color, as the evening sun casts long shadows from his shoulder across his base, and his clear cut summit and I the attendant reddening clouds are j mirrored in the still lagoon in the fore ground, but he is too distant to be effective in the photograph. The Goorianawa Valley is of a dif ferent character from those already described, quieter and wider, gradu ally merging into the plains. Bulla way is always a prominent feature, doninating the landscape, and south easterly the outline of the mountains which divide the valley from the next one, Borgildi, is like the profile of a badly-gapped crosscut saw. A few days afterwards we made an excursion up the valley to some sandstone cliffs known as the Fern Gully Rocks, crowning a spur from the main range. From here looking down the valley there is a fine prospect of the billowy ridges melting away into the distant plains. I also got several views of the north-east face of Bullaway, none of them quite satisfactory from an artistic point of view, owing to the difficulty of getting a suit able foreground. The best and nearest view was from the crest of the Fern Gully Rocks, but here that same photographic'imp of darkness, which evidently delights in plaguing the votaries of the black, art, caused me again to make a double exposure, and though I got the mountain fairly well, there are the figures-ghost-like-of our picnic party traceable against it, reminding one of Miss Procter's song of the " Listening Angels," leaning on the mountain top. But this episode is interrupting the j course of my narrative. The next day I had to drive about 30 miles to Coona barabran, my route now turning south j ward, almost opposite to my course of the previous day, curving round the mountains. The weather changed again, this time to rain, which came down steadily before I had got half way, so the camera had to be stowed away and photographic work post poned till tho return journey. It ramed incessantly for a day or two ; and when I started hack, on my way to Coonamble, it was still showery. After crossing the Castle reagh at Coonabarabran-here a mere rivulet-the road ascends a gently inclined plane, which is marked on some maps as a continuation eastward of the Warrumbungle Range ; but the elevation is so slight as to be hardly perceptible until we come to the northern edge, when the descent into one of the heads of the Yarriganan Valley is rather abrupt for a few hun dred feet. Here a stream issues from a permanent spring hidden by a bank of ferns, and joining with the Bogildi Creek, forms the Baradine Creek, which eventually flows into the Namoi River. All the other streams rising in this watershed are tributaries of the Castle reagh. About this valley there is some picturesque scenery. On the right of the road there is a succession of vol carlie cones, their form being very per fectly pyramidal. It seems as if the internal force had barely sufficed to force the molten, igneous rock through the stratified beds, without any overflow of lava, and complete erosion of the sedimentary formation had since taken place. On the left there is a group of peaks and crags at the head of the valley. Once I saw them covered with snow, and a fine sight they were then, but bitterly cold the wind that blew over them. The level of the valley has been extensively ringbarked, and the forest of white skeletons in the middle distance is objectionable in a photograph. How ever, on this occasion the showers still prevented photographic work, but as there were symptoms of the weather clearing I toole a bye track, crossing into the Bogildi Val ley at its most picturesque part, a few miles above the main road. Just as I got there the clouds broke and rolled up into masses, the warm sun came out in the clear liquid blue, while the two streams which flow through the valley were tumbling and foaming from the recent heavy rain. The valley is cleared, a few clumps of splendid " apple trees " being left, j so that the surrounding mountains stand out conspicuously. I camped for lunch under a great spreading apple tree and then got some very good pictures with the rocky peaks of Wheeo and Ulungerie filling in the background. The smaller illustrations were taken on a subsequent visit, on a cloudless day, and complete the circle of the valley, which is certainly one of the most beautiful in the War . rumbungle, or indeed in the colony. 