AT THE BEEHIVE. MOSQUITO About the best sermon ever preached by Archdeacon McCullagh was the one summed up in the three brief words “I must not.” It was his reply to the bishop and tho selection committee—-or whatever else it is colled—o! the church at Rich mond, to fill the late Canon Perk’s place. “ I must not.” In those words the arch deacon gave a practical illustration that oven in these greedy, gold- thirsting, rand boom, degenerated days it is possible for still another tie than fcho sordid ono of how much per week or per annum, and : how much or how little work to give in return for it, to exist between a pastor and his flock. It was said that tho work in the canonry of Richmond is only about half of tho work in the archdeaconry of Sandhurst, whilst the “ screw ” is twice ns much. Hod an offer, on like term?, boon mode to one of us, to an ordinary, every-day seller of his labor, is there ono of us who would have tnkon the tenth part of tho tenth of ono second to close with it? We'd have closed in a snap, asked for no time to consult no bishop, nor to talk to anybody else over it. Like tbo old maid, when sbo hears that a man wants to marry her, nnd as she jumps from hor chair shrieking “ Oh, where is ho ?" so our only cry would bo “ Oh, where is it ? ” Ready to pack up at a moment's notice, ready to bo on hand os quick as railway or steamboat (provided there was no initial difficulty about the fares) could carry us—any whoro on this side of Wades' or Ooolgardio would find us there in time, ready, aye ready, to begin work upon tho loaves and fishes and tho lloshpots, In thesu words may only too often bo sketched tho typical relations between employer and^omploycd —tho first continu ally striving, and with tho advantage that his capital and 'machinery give him, and his long experience in working tho oracle at the expense of his follow human beings, usually pulling off his hard bargains j tho other as continually ou the look out for a chaugo to better himself, and perhaps in tho process falling under a stMl worse form of servitude. But there are it is very evident, none of those sordid and selfish considerations between St. Paul’s Ohurch in Bendigo aad its pastor. The old gag about the weeping parson taking a tearful farewell of his flock on his leaving for another cure, recommending them to the all embracing love of tho Father, whilst he, with tho ghost of a merry twinkle in his streaming eyes, faces right nbout, and descends tho altar stairs, metaphorically as ho goes wiping his streaming eyes with tho extra fifty pounds a year bo ia to got at his new “ shop ” —for the ringing-in of that oft quoted piece of sarcasm - there was most assuredly no opportunity in this case. I dare say that tho archdeacon could do as well as most men with another £lOO or £5OO per annum, and it would physically do him no harm to have but one compact parish under his control, instead of having to be here,£there and everywhere, ever and in and about an archdeaconry of tho size of that of Sandhurst, and which should be of tho importance and dignity of a bishopric. Still there are, after all, re lations that are not established on tho purely monetary basis, on a baying and selling principle. Said the archdeacon, at the welcome homo meeting, at St. Paul’s, on his return from his trip to tho old country, “And, friends, wherever I travelled, or whatever I saw, the thought was never absent from me that my only home oa earth was here in Bendigo amongst you, amongst my own people. So, with God's blessing, I have returned. I will never leave you again, and hero it is I trust that my bones will bo laid when it pleases God to call me to that other home.” I remember the words distinctly though they were uttered months ago; it is so easy bo remember words that seem to well up spontaneously from the very heart of a speaker. The refusal now of the Richmond oiler unmistakably proves that those words really did come from the heart. In an nge when gold and position is everything, it is refreshing to find that occasionally’ there are exceptions to the general law. The mote in his neighbor’s oyo, and the beam in his .own: M.L.C. Balfour, of “ Davies Company” and creditor-compo sition celebrity, called round at the Minister of Defence’s office, with the deputation of Sabbatarians, to protest against the young militia men singing songs and indulging in recitations at iho L.mgwarrin encampment on a Sunday evening. The spectacle of Balfour ciceroning that deputation, so -repre sentative as it was of everything that is noble, generous and good, representative of tho very marrow and kernel of that , righteousness which exalteth a nation, and brings in a confounded gool living for so many of its professors and allies, was no dobbb highly edifying to people like the depositors and shareholders in the “ Davies Companies.” The cheek of some men there is no getting over; and the thickest hides very often are those of—well, of men like the Hon. J. Balfour. Instead of leading Sabbat arian. deputations up to a Minister to protest, as a member of the Upper House of the colony of Victoria, against acts by which no suicides’ graves are filled, no aged meo and old and young women left stranded as helpless paupers, no strong, enterprising men brought down and beggared .for the nonce, no children clothed in rags and shortened of food, and which are mere trifling incidents in the history of the Davies and of similar banks and companies, the Honorable Balfour should have been going up to the President of the Legislative Council with a copy of the judge’s order relative to the composition made with the liquidators of the Gone Bung British and Australian Land and Investment Bank in one hand, and his resignation, in the terras of tho Constitution Act, in the other hand. By the way, will the honorable gentleman tike his seat on the re-assembling of Parliament, and continue seeing the motes in other people’s eyes, notwithstanding the beams in his own ? Speaking generally, what a wonderful, a complicated, and a difficult thing it is to fatljocq the clerical conscience. The most shocking, the most barefaced-crime? have, in different ages of tho world, from the beginning of the very oldest histories extant, ages upon ages before the Christian era, up to the very present day, beep per petrated with tho suggestion and the approval of the clerical conscience, and the gulled multitudes have then ceased to look upon such acts as crimes. Take our little Langwarrin Gamp for instance. Jesus emphatically declared against war* fare and preparations for warfare. "When smitten turn the other cheek also to the smiter, was the key note of His gentle philosophy. But our leaders of official Christianity, or ds it is-sometimes called, Churcbianity, to distinguish the highly adulterated, contradictory and conven tional article from the genuine, simple, true and consistent Nazareno brand, see nothing wrong ina_ lot of young men meeting together to take lessons in the art of throat slitting, of spi'ling their own blood and other people’s. Yet tboy shrink with horror at the idea of the same young men, when in camp, having, a harmless song or a friendly game of cricked on a Sunday. Verily, tho whale hath a big stomach, but his “Swallow won’t accom modate, os naturalists tell us, anything larger than a sprat. Whenever plain going- people, who would not wear Jewellery if jewellery were to be picked out of the rubbish? boxes in the SfcijeeW, read in tho papers of pcople who love jewellery losing their' atttds, .choice' strings b!. And ; sb, forth, it wrings tbdirfreafts with anguish. They wish they were there to condole with end comfort the unfortunate ones, and they chuckle mightily as they ask them-, selves how much farther have wo ad« vauced in the love of those things above the red oloth-lovhag, bead- worshipping, noao-riog,- brasa-aad-copper-ankle-waaring barbarians of the travellers’ books. A case now before the court in Bendigo has its amusing side. The intrinsic value of those things is altogether according to the name you give them. A man Joses a diamond which he values at £5O. In a little whii.o another man comes.in and tells him he has found his diamond.. The loser accepts the article that is presented to him as the identical. He sees no daw, no difference in it; tries it in the recep tacle of his duger-ring, finds that it fits exactly, and gladly pays a reward of £2 for the restoration of his darling gem. Now, why make any farther fuss about it? He was satisfied, they were satisfied, they were satisfied al together. “ Where ignorance is bliss ■tis folly to bo wiso ” says Gray; or, os logo, per Mr. Shakespeare, puts it, “He that is robbed, not knowing that lie is; robbed, is not robbed at all.” But some marplot must intermeddle, and then there is trouble. It is now alleged, that “ the precious gem ” is a little bit ot out glass out of n brass ring suoh as are sold at toy-shops in the children’s penny packets of jewellery. But if it looked just like a diamond, but wasn’t a diamond, if till the discovery was made that its now owner had boon duped ho enjoyed as much the possession of it as ho did of tho lost one, where did the praoti* cal dilfureno come inf A bit of glass, if you call it a diamond, is exactly of the same intrinsic value as a diamond is which you call a bit of glass. You can’t got over that. One gonial but quiet livliTg old Bondigonian, with tho moans if ho liked to decorate himself all over witlx gold and costly jewels, but who wouldn’t b6ther himself with anything in that line if you ofi'er him five hundred pounds a year to make, what he would consider, a guy of himself, laughed merrily over the £5O diamond and the penny packet of jewellery diamond episode. The remark was made to him that in these depressed times it was groat foolery to be uselessly carrying so much good liquid capital about on the back of one’s fingers, a flimsy little thing, somewhat smaller in size than a tom- tit’s eye, and which might drop out of its setting at any time and be lost for over. It was great foolery to do this, when tho biggest swell that tho speaker over saw was able to make a really grand display of jewellery upon only seven shil lings and sixpence—diamond studs down tho shirt-front, a sparkling diamond pin' in the neok-tie and two massive brilliants forming tho sleeve links. That swell looked superb in bis jewellery,—all done for seven shillings and sixpence as the speaker subsequently but accidentally discovered. “ What a shameful waste of money,” exclaimed tho above mentioned old Bondigonian, “spending the whole of seven and six in jewellery !” “Oh but it was several years ago,” explained the nar rator. “Perhaps thot accounts for it,” continued the 0.8. “ but if your friend still retains hia taste for jewellery he should be able nowadays to set himself up round the neck, breast and wi’ista for only two and threepence, or perhaps half a crown at the most.” Astonishment was expressed at the low price of swell jewellery, but the 0. B. assured them that the world’s overproduction of manufac tured goods, the depreciation of silver, the appreciation of gold and the “ recon. struction ” of the banks had affected this branch of trade along with the rest. And continued he “you get tho things better than ever. They’re not simply glass now adays. They have a knack of dropping in a tiny globule of quick-silver between tho bit of glass and the' socket in which it sits in its brass mounting. A young swell' got up with’a set of these two and three penny diamonds is a most gorgeous object in any ball-room as tho bright lights fall on his shirt front, and whenever he moves his jewelled hands, the bits of glass glisten and shimmer and the specks of quick silver at the back of them scintillate as with tho sparkle of so many 1.D.8. Kimberleys bought in Capetown ofc 50 dollars the carat.” So after this who’d be wasting money giving £3 reward for the return of n single diamond, when a dozen or so equally as good as it, and perhaps a little better for every possible purpose of evening wear to which a diamond can be put, can bo bought for two shillings and threepence, with perhaps a discount for cash, and a reduction on taking a larger quantity. I expect that the Hebrews have many a quiet bit of fun amongst themselves when they listen to or read the balderdash that is sometimes said and written about their race by tho rabbis of the Gentiles. Thus a reverend, speaker in the Presbyterian General Assembly said he considered the Jews to be “ a most thoughtful, musical and poetical people, whom God has kept separate from, other nations for some great purpose.”. He admitted, however, that there wore worldly people among the Jews, . “just as among ourselves.” “Thoughtful musical and poetical” I con cede and likewise an enterprising,courteous, hospitable and well-educated race in every, country where they received decent treatment. But as to their being “ kept separate for some great purpose,” ain’t they the world’s money lenders and the world’s bookmakers. In our little inveterately borrowing and horse racing world of Australia what “ greater pur pose ’’..can there be than that? Last Sunday it looked real bad to see the trams running belter and skelter to and from Eaglehawk bringing in people, for the Oddfellows Hospital Sunday ser vice, The trams were right enough, pro-: vided that the drivers and conductors, as of course they do, get a day off during the y week to make up for .their Sunday labor, Thu badness about the look of the thing .was those ugly which each car were some exceeding advertising boards on the trams last {Sunday. It was pushing trade under the publics’ notice far too glaringly,* particularly on such a bright, heavenly Sabbath day as, you may remem ber, last Supday wqs. Singular to say one of the most glariogly got up in gaudy letters 18 inches or sq in size, of the peri patetic adyertisements, related tp a flower shower and concert jn aid of a church. Then therp were the usual invitations to smoke Smug’s tobacco, Fragrant Havanas,Thug’s A 1 Whisky, and the rest of them. At least when the company starts out on its Sabbath day journeys after passengers it might-have these'ugly advertising boards and streamers taken I down from their hooks, : and- laid aside till the Monday. Ors. Harkness, Hoskins, Kneebone, James, Clark and the others should see to it, when the amended agree ment with the tramway company is drawn up. At the Charing Cross corner of the Camp Reserve a neat little club-room for. gentlemen has been erected by. the Council. One citizen, and though’ it has only been erected a few days, and it is in 'the winterhas already been half •poisoned, with the ■ fumes coming from it. The mayor was passing the place ; the other day and. the half-poisoned one with an indignant .and protostnry air stuck, his worship up.'> “ Look hero r you councillors, 1 what are ,you ? ve been%:dcihg, ' Patting; this thing here,right inthflcentre of the ; town. You ought to- be ashamed of your-., selves. The smell irom tlio place is already; so bad; thgt. it’s as ranch as one can dp to pass the place;, He ? s ! got to hold his nose.” The mayor was knockoff speechless:.*•! Yes, actually, to- hbld hw hbjft’f. reiterated the iuaignont!‘ biti2:enr ■ The mayor after a it*. ■ '-‘u-' ,<\- V ‘ ' ' ‘ while sufficiently recovered his breath as to inform tbe irate one that he was being poisoned by tho strength of a too vivid iiuagination. This particular oluboroom hasn't been used so far. A panel of tho Camp Reserve fence has to be taken out and a gateway fixed before the members can be admitted. Something after the same sort was the remark'of the Councillor in the. City Council the other day who vowed that “ certain class of carts could be smelt a hundred yards away. .,. It is, -it'strikes... mo, tho case with many of these critics that it is not the carta they object to so much as tho paying for the carts and the. regular “attendance” which it entails on their promises. Make the service free, or make it appear to be free, by paying in*, directly for it by an octroi tax levied on all goods brought into tbe Bendigo pro visions markets, and its precious few Com plaints would be found with tho sanitary system—day or otherwise. How contradictory many men ore In what they say and what thqy do. There is tho late very rich Mr. Stanbridge of Daylesford. About tho last time I saw him ho was on a jaunt to Trenlham, end was looking for tho Trontlmm falls. Though a resident of the neighborhood for over 40 years ho had never seen those falls. He hadn't tbo stighost idea in what direction they lay from tho township. So, ho took minute instructions from the local Anglican minister and sallied forth to discover thorn. He tramped and tramped oyer logs and stones and ferns and bush rubbish for an hour or marc, and was no wiser than when he started out. Being far up in years arid not in tho beat of health tho trampling and scrambling and searching caused tho old geutlomau to thoroughly lose his temper. I have many times scon him get-nettled and lose his temper a little bit, but it was a great bit this time. Tho old gentle man actually swore, He anatbemised tho clergyman who had given him the directions, again and again, literally blanked him up kill arid down dale ; wished tbe parson was in a place whore no good parson should over hereafter bo mot with, and wished that there a —a very bad adjective—parson in the country., So much for a man’s words. Now for a man's actions, la his will Mr. Stanbridge. has left £1000 for the completion .of the Anglican Church , at Daylesford and .£6000 to Trinity College, Melbourne, where the denomination trains up its supplies of young parsons, So it is not every man that blanks your eyes, really wishes any harm to your eyes. 