THE DAY OF REST. A FAITHFUL SAYING. A. Sermon by the Ser. John Bobebtson. "This is a faithful saying, and worthy of a" Acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into tue wona to sm sinner*."—1 Tim, i. 16. Thero aw not many faithful sayings to-day# There ace not many sayings among men that you oould pin your faith to—oome weal, come woe. Even the dicta of eoienoe are not filial. Yon believe ell that you hear just as little as you eat all that you see. Yesterday they said that the sun moved round the earth. To-day they say that the earth moves round the son; and to morrow, for alt I know, they may say that neither the earth nor the sun moves at all. Yesterday they said that the earth was fiat; to-day they say that she is round ; and to morrow, for all I know, they may say that she is equate. Where oan you get finality ? Where oan you get among men a speeoh' that you oan lie flat down upon? The opinion of to-day is overturned to-morrow. We are shifting as the wind, in opinions, politioaland scientifio, and so we had better settle this at onoe. If this Paul be merely your word, apostle though you be, trained dialeotical theologian though yon be, skilful in logio and subtle though you be, brought up among the Pharisees and sophists of the old time as yon have been, if this be merely your word there is no faithful ness in it to me. If this Book is merely the fallible, imperfect word of a mortal man, I have no Bible, end the sun is blotted out for me, sud eternity is dark and starless. Woe is me I It was in Plymouth, and the sailor thought beoanse he had that eerie feeling that forbodes woe that he would this time speculate in a lifebelt. Passing down one of the streets there he saw in a window the very thing he wanted, a splendid glaring yellow lifebelt, »nd on it were the words " warranted oork." The very thing 1 He went in and he bought it, end paid for it (whioh is not eo oornmon), and he stowed it away in his bunk. The ship lifted her anobor and set sail, and put her bosom on the heaving deep, and the clouds became scuds before the storm, and the waves put on their white caps of wrath, and jumped the one on the other to see what the vessel was made of. A leak started, and the vessel shuddered and shivered "in the storm ; but Jeok said "What a fortunate man I am to have the lifebelt." He got it up, and, refusing to take his place in the longboat in whioh all the other sailors had plaoed themselves, he fastened around him the man-warranted lifebelt, and committed him self to she roll of the ooean. Hardly had be touched the water than the lifebelt became like a girdle of lead, and, within-a very arm's length of the lougboat, pulled him down to bis death, head foremost. What was the matter ? It was not cork i It was sawdust 1 Do you sse ? It beoorae soaked and heavy and leaden, and it pulled him to his death, and so man's word was his ruin. He lost his lifethrough it. So Paul, Paul, if it is merely thy word, with the ocean around me and the other shore so far I cannot commit myself, with any eeuse of safety, to the deep. I cannot float on a man's word. Paul says as a very preface, "This is a faithful saying. Do not fear. It is not my word. It is faithful beoause God who spoke it is faithful." The holy man spake as he was moved by the Holy Ghost; and eo he says, before lie tells the Gospel at all, " Trust it, brother. It is a faithful saying, faithful with all the faithfulness of an infallible, irrevocable utteranoeof Almighty God." And that is needful to-day. Saved one, you aro floating on Bome little bits of this word, I know. Around you is the lifebelt of some infal lible saying. Some text, some word, you nre resting on ; aud it is pleasant and safe resting on the Word of God. It will bear you ashore, brother. On the other ehore them ate millions saying, "Oh, triiBt it I It has floated us to eternal glory. Trust the Word. Keep to the Word. Bind it round your heart and soul." It is a faithful sayiug you oan trust to; and when you come to your dying bed, put a little bit of the Word below you as a soft, gentle pillow, and sleep, brother, on that. Soft as eider down is the Word of God tor a dying bed. Be he bishop or doaoon, or ordinary member, give him the Word to die on; give him the Word to live on, the faithful saying of God's 1 n s piration. But that is not all, Paul, as it were, you notice here, does as did the old herald, who got the proclamation from the king. Ha plunged his spurs into the flanks of his steed, and he took his way to the market cross of every borough and town in the oountry ; and, unslinging from his side the bugte, be woke the eohoeB of hill and valley with a peouliar blast that only the king's herald oould blow. When they heard it, all the people turned out, and they said, "What is it, king's herald? What is it, thou megseuger from royalty?" And he read the proolamation, word by word. He dare not amend it one tittle. Word for word the proolamation fell on their ears. Paul is like that. Before he gives ua the proolama tion, before he tells us what the Gospel is, lis unslings the bugle of inspiration, and, taking his plaoe at the market oross of the world, there is the blast to osll to attention, " It is a faithful saying, ye sons of men, and it is worthy of all acoeptation." What does he mean by that ? The mother knows about it. There is the littlo babe on her kqee, do you see? and there is the little Bpoon glistening in the gBslight, and the little thing knowa that whatever is in the spoon must be good, beoause a mother's hand holds it. It oould not tell you the obeinistry of that delicious morsel in the sooou. It oould not put it down in its chemical formula. The little thing shuts its eyes and opens its mouth, and takes without exemption what is in the spoon, and it looks for more. That is what Paul desired me to do. He says, " Take it, brother, without questioning. Take it with out oaring for the explanation ^ of it. Never mind the soieuoe of it, the philosophy of it, the theology of it. Take it as a littlo child, for God has prepared it, and it is God's hand that holds it, and He is love. Take it us queBtioningly. Take it without any feeling, without any reason for it. Take it on the bare word and authority of the living God." Says our great Sootohman, Chalmers, "Never do light end psaoe so fill my heart as when, like a little ohildr I sit down and take up the simple lesson that the Irord hath laid upon Him the iniquity of us all." You are not taking the Word as a little child, and that is why you are not getting peaoe. You are say ing " I should like" to see the constituents oi it—I should like to see the eeuse aud the reason of it; above all, I should like to bsve ' Bome fBBliug about it." "0, brother, take it, saya Paul.. " I oaunot tell you what is in it; I cannot explain it among the deep things of eternity, but take it—it ia worthy of all accep tation, There is no adulteration in it, there is no error in it." And that is a great thing to-day. You know that the puzzle of oom meroeis this—adulteration. You have your coffee, aud the grooer, if he takes you into his confidence, says " Well, I oan hardly get pure ooffee." There is a lot of briokdost in it; and your sugar is sometimes with itB ortok ling among, your teeth suspicious of the sand pit. The milk that you get sometimes suggests the "oow with theiron tail," doss it not? And all the commodities of commeroe you are a little euspioious about, beoanae competition outs keenly, and cheapness brings deberioria tion and adulteration. " But," says the Greek of the Holy Ghost, "there is no error, no admixture, no adulteration in the blessed Gospel oomimtted to my trust," Paul says "It is worthy of all aoceptstion." There is no error in it; it is truthful, final, infallible, and neoeBBary for your safety. You oannot be saved without it. Vou oannot be saved exoept in the old way with the old' truth. If you turn up your nose at the Old Bonk there ib no salvation. There iB no man or woman who ever felt the thrill of the Holy Ghost eitioe Christ parted those blue skies on going to hia Father without the old Word. " It is worthy of all acoeptatiob." We g_sb regeneration by the Word. " Being born again of water by the Word." The laver of regenera tion is the infallible truth of the living God ; so we are glad that Paul, _ aa he ap proaohes us with the Gospel in his hand, says, "Ho there! Stand still. It is a faithful saying, and it is worthy of all acceptation." And what is ib then? Here is the proclama tion, word for word:—"Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners." Blessed Gospel 1 That is the statement of it. There is salvation there. Untie the strings, fling baok the wrapper, and take it. It is there if it is anywhere—"Christ Jesns name into the world to save sinners." That is the Gospel. " Christ." That is the first word of it, and what does it mean? The Holy Ghost eaye, ; "Christ Jesus," not "Christ" nor "Jesus Christ," but "Christ Jesus." And there is truth in it. There is meaning wide, and broad, and deep in the very structure of the Word of God—in the very plaoing, and arranging and marshalling of the Holy Book of Books. "Christ" first, beoanse the trnth in it oomea first. The word "Christ" is the Greek for the old Hebrew "Messiah." It means the same thing—the sent, the anointed, the Representative of the Father. " Christ" i is the name for the God nature, for the God part of this wondrous personage by the Sea of i Galilee. "Ohrist"pnte the orown of pure and I eternal godhead on the brow of Jesus. It bells I us that he was God, very God of very God, God who makes the stars and fixed them in their sockets, as lamps at His palase gates, j and who scooped out the valleys, and who put the rolling deep where it is. The Eternal Creator is in " Christ." And do we not noed a God to save us? Do we not need a God in this life to lay bold of our old habits, of our paBsions, tearing as tbe winter winds? You know your heart, and I know mine. I need God in this life, for sin iB an existence to me, sharp of fang, bloody of teeth, Ere Gain did the eeoond dark deed in the world, ere he wiped his hands from a brother's blood and ' went home, God oharaoterixed sin thus—and never was there a more powerful figure among the similes and figures of men—"Thy sin : orouobeth." That ib the word, Xt is not "lieth." "It crouoheth ready to spring." That ii the Hebrew, "Thy sin orouobeth at the door," said God to Cain. And Cain listened. Cain put his ear to the key hole' of his own heart, and ho heard the low growl. He beard the sharping and whetting of those teeth that were eworn to meet ia him. bin is a wild beast crouching at thy door. You thought j'ou had done with it man. No'eye saw thee—no eye but God's eye—and thy sin exists. It is outside thy door. It is squatting and orouobing on thy door step. Go out in the darkness and misery with the wild beaBi. Go out and look into those flaming eyes. Go out and feel the talone and fangs and olaws of thy past deeds, Sin is existent, brother. It is not blotted out. "Thy ain orouoheth at the door." Ob, we need a champion's hand. We need Na Samson — do we not? — who will take the jaws of our old lion sins and tear them asunder. We need God to meet this past sin, to pluck from the paws of it its olaws, to shut its mouth, to chain the old sins, to extract the teeth of them, to make the past harmless, peaceful, at rest. We need God because sin is an exis tence, powerful, determined, and miehty. And where will you get a Samson? Will any. of the old heathen philosophers help you? Where will you get a Samson to deal with sin? Will Tyndall help you? Will Huxley do it? Will any of the eoientiets or wise men of tho West deal with sin ? Will he sit on the troubled sea of thy heart and, addressing the winds and wares, Bay, "Peace, be still?" Who will do it? Christ, God. We need God to-night, and that is why Paul obeys the behestB of the Holy Ghost, and pnta "Ohriet" in the very first plaos of the statement of his Gospel, for we need God in this world of sin and temptation and the powers of dark tteBB, We need God, and God speaks and acts in Jesus Ohriet. Ay, but ?e need God at the narrow pass of Ther raopylfe. We need pod at one part of our lives—God alone in tbe past—God alone at the last. I had been only a few weeks in the i ministry when I received a rebuke that never left me. You know young divines are very oratorioal in style; and so, cutting out oT the last Sunday sermon an oratorioal and high i falutin bit (God forgive me my ignorance), I brought it to that deathbed. The passage was about the angels on quivering wings oom ing down from the azura eky and' bearing the soul to the regions above, &o.;, &o.; and the poor saint looked at her young minister looked at him, and, as he felt, lo >ked through him and she ssid, "Oh, sir," as she wiped the sweat from her chilly brow in tbe oold of death—"Oh, sir, that is no oomfort." And I staggered from the house on my way home, and the stars on that frosty night took up that weird refrain, "No oomfortand the frosty road, as it rang to my horse's heel, said, " No oomfortand the books in my study said, "No oomfort;" and I sat down in nttor abasement of sonl. Oh my God, nan I not oomfort a dying saint? No oomfort in the angels at the death bed? And that night God lad me to lead the very passage whioh brought the truth to me and eho oed me my miaery, and enabled me on the following morning to hurry with the trne comfort, and find her in life and able to aocept it at last—the comfort from the {this time) Spirit-taught lips of her minister. It was about the reaper of the earth, how the angele oame out from the pearly gates with their golden eiokles in their bands, for the reaping of the earth, and they reaped, and reaped, and gathered into bundles. The angels reap ; and what do we I 1 read I Did you ever think of it ? Home they took the bundles of their reaping, and they cast them into the great winepress of the wrath of Q-od. That is the angels'reaping. But here is a portion—God's aore—where the yel low corn 19 bending ita ripe head in mute supplication to be reaped ; and the angels stop, for these yellow ears are the saints of God's eleotion. The angelB stop. They feel that their golden soythes are not keen of edge enough to reap this portion ; and the spokes man of the angolio band lifts up his voice, and addresses Him that sat on the throne, and aays, "ThruBt Thou in Thy eiokle and reap," And-we read—and. I do so with thankful heart — " He that eat on the throne thrust in His sickle and reaped." It is God at the last. Never fear, desponding saint, It is God at the last. If there are the angels —and there is a mighty train of them—they are attending the Master. If there are angels, and ohernbim and seraphim flooking to thy desth bed, it is in the Master s company. It is the Lord at the last. It is the shepherd from the oosy fire side on the bill that tends to the poor little lamb that has fallen down the precipice. So, as the shadows fall, I know that it is Obrist at the last; and no created arm oonld I lean . upon aoross that awful gulf. No arm but G-od'soould bear me up at the last. David had hold of that. He said, " Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for Thou art with . me." God at the last, and all this is in Christ. I God ia .life, God at death, the Alpha, the Omega, the beginning, the end, the first, the last, the eternal. And all this is in Christ. WondrousGospel 1 