CRICKET. The Emancipation of the Slaves. If anyone know* of some nice quiet spot. into which about -twelve young . men oonld arawl and comfortably die, they would obltg* by sending address of e.iras to the captain of the toim of 'dingle' cricketers who bad the Wmeri'y to pit themselves in eoufiict with a similar number of bensdiots in the cricket field recently. When progress was previously reported in cenneotion with the malnb, tbo single men had made 73 in the first innings, aaS the married men the miserable total of 38\. With tbo game at tnat Bugs, yon cou'id hardly fiud an iudividbal, unless, porhaps a married man, who would not assent to the Shukopnariau propasition that ' a young man married is a man that's marr'd.' Bat since then things have somewhat changed, and now there are to be found people reckless enough to assert that a married man is werth two single men any day The explanation of this sudr'en change in popular opinion is brief but painful, Wnoo the fateful Wednesday on whiob the benediata fared so hardly at tb- hands of their unyoked brethren, they have somewhat changed their babits. They felt that their honor was at stake, and th«y de oided to strike a -blow for freedom, even tbsngh the method of procedure savored somBirbatof the revolutionary. Instead of ge tin(T up in the morning and lighting the firo and chopping enough wood to Jeit all day, they gat up in the morniug and played orioknt. Instead of having their tea puno at six .o'elook and watsrinff the garden or miuding Johnnie while the wife went out with her sister in the eoolof the evening, they went orer to-the cricket ground about fire o'elook and went horns to a tea of cold shoulder anil hot tongue about 8 p.m. In short, they lived the life of freemen, and ia domestic circles the few days prior to lait Wednesday will in future years be identified as tJio iwiar! dnrini; which the aUTes weie ia revolt. On Wednes lay they tume I up to play o icket with an air of interest and light hearted determination, just for all the world as if they were single mw, and there wasn't such a thing an a woudheap or , a mother-in-law in the wide world. The match was resumed about three o'clor The single men, flushed with their aohiw ments at the previous week, were in th mood when a man thinks he can reran mountains. Several wagers at short od were booked that they would remain at t wickets in the second innings until darkne came upon the scene, and one of the tea hud sufficient faith in the capabilities of or of his brother bachelors to hack him to raal forty. The previous Saturday's play h« been distinguished by the fact that at no pr- rioas cricket match in Karandera had the: been so much ba- racking indulged in, an there was a certain something- in the air a the time of resumption that told that th second day'B play waB going to bo character Ispd by a similar distinctive feature. Hoi aud F. Rudd opened the inning*. When th score was at 19,|the former pave an eas; chance to Armstrong, which the latter ae uupipu. jjbuauu wan uvlg, uut me score uac only been inprrmsed by ten when Rudd irsi bowled oft his leg by Manning. He made If by pretty cricket, in which big effective leg stroke played a prominent part The next wicket saw tin score at 36, Hatt being bawled for three. Roach was oaoyht for 15', and Ashron was naught and bowled for a dozen. None of the other batsmen got into double figure*, and ihe innings closed for 81, three ia ad vince of the first innings' scare. This was eonfliderol by the ninjle men en tirely satisfactory, as it left their opponents 121 in arrear* to wipe mil whijh, it was opined, there would have to be a remarkable imp ovementon the form th.it could not pat up a better snore than 23 on the previous Saturday. Wren bonded at oa-! end right throughout the innii.gs, and used his h-ad with destructive offsets, bis record being sii —.:..i_~i_ r ? *,/. ,r ? „, ? n ? wiuim'1,3 mi on. ^n.ttiiNiuj^ a perioriaiincB was re:v I'M e behind, bis average being 5 winkets for 33 There ttti Jitilf .lipnniiiiiiiiin'ir' — ? ' ?g.tgCii^'WeJffa^roigiiig boakea being that tliB team wouldn't excoed their first iunin^s' score. The man who laid the wager against 1 -m lias since disappeared., and it is rumoured has died of a broken heart— not nearly so much an account of tho loss of tke money as the loss of the mutch. Armstrong and Whittakar were the first batsman to put on the pads. They had scored ten when the bowling of Armstrong by Roach was the signal fora mighty cheer, and the commence ment of operations by bachelor barrackers. Wren followed, butlost Wbittuk-r before the spore had been altered. He himself had o'nly timeTa pat up 7 wben Hatt found a weak spat-in his defence, and he retired amidst a-roberburstofcheericgandchiaiiking. With Armstrong and Wren out of the way, the game w;n- considered to be all over, bir the visit to Walmsley's ice-cream cart, which at ferery criiket match now-a-days affords players an opportunity of slaking a priceless thirst. The fourth, wicket fell {or 2», the iittu iur nu, uuu me sixtu ior«u. Juen JDreu Smith, barracker-in-chief for the benedicts, came along with a s »mtw'jat serious f aoe ircl a promise that he'd 'give Vm Gyp Jones.' The fieldsmen conserved their energies for a. time, in order that wben Smith was disposed of during the next two or three balls — a.n over was regarded an his limit — they would be ab:e to give him b send-off suitable to his high po {[ion in the ranks of the opposition barrackers. But somehow or other, the calculation went wrong-. Instead of Smith getting out in the first over, he hit two or three threes, and when he did get out — some ten minutes after bis arrival, paying strict attention to business ths whole time — aa had added tweuty to the score by his own personal effirts aud assiRtei! in taking the total score to 68. But there were seven wickets down, and still sixty rnns to get, and sot the slightest cause for anxiety. Before Smith came in things were rather slow in Ibe field, and tbe vigorous hitting of the p.inco of barr.ickers had livened thiugs up, without (so the fieldsmen thought) in anyway imperilling the result of the mitch. Manning filled the breach. The tingle fellows had no particu lar spite, against oianning, and didn't mind Jiim mjJoino^fonr m»., if only so th -t he -^rouMWrtje chaffed by his boys. Aud he made *em. When he had scored about tl.ree, the He» became current amongst the fieldsmen that it was about tine he went back ,. But with execrable manners he ou 8Uyed4»is welcome, and when lie did leave the soene he Ual put up 13, an i the total s ore -vas 87. Davis, in the meant imo, was pegoing away, contenting himself -wi.h making singles for the most part, but ever and anon a two and a three. «' Jimmy: Adams ' was the nnxt man, and the single fel owb, tired of f jo L'g about any longer, decided to bring things to a clos*. TtieTob was taken off (heir hands, howcveVby the batsmen. Davis ga e up making singles,' as it was getting too dark, and hit every .other ball for a couple or three. Adams acted iu the pame brutally cruel manner. M-anwhile sever il change!! of bawling took pls.ee1, out' there was no other cnange worth speaking of. The fielding got demoralised, the barracking rose to almost frenziei pitch. ' A dozen to «in^' 'ten to win,' '.only another nine,' ' three or four nv-re, boys,' an I so forth, were the cries that rent the a.ir..unti! in sub m-Mfc Virt^ot-. »».»«*- *?«' 4i._ announcement, 'A tie 1' The briefest of interludes amidst silence that conld'1ie felt, anrtthe:i Davis hit a three. We draw a veil over the scene that .fell owed, jt was such that pen (nor typetrriteFTOTfr) onuW describe. Suffice it to say that tot the next few minutes the assembled benei-cts forgot the burden ot domestio worries*!rttat had made them prematurely (*ey, tftB became boys again. : Forgetting the dignity -iUfi to h« p.iBiuon of the father of a-fatni y, and the teacher of the young idea how to «.ioot, they proceede.i to teauh the nforesai I young idea ihotrto throwh.'Uinthoairiauft jump/ana ?cbeerj and howl ibemselves Jioarea, and pavetatother things. Meanwhile, unnoticed in tl» tumut, those ot the single won.. who were not altagbther dead fr» SSense of ahutrio, msaltcd out of the side gate and hid them esWm for the night. Tbo hero of the hour was Bavi«, who had made 34, not out, by .orickut quite worihy of nu unmirrierl man. Just before he had made the winning hit, be dot a nasty blow in the eye from Roach's Bowliifc. At the conclusion of the game a frantiofrush « as made for the wickets, and tiuvis.Wh tl-c Bears of victory thick upon him, mis carrlec! in to .what does duty as a psHlioi, shoulder high. Adams made 18, not, oul) iii the f ceest of uiann-.rs. The bene di«ts win the mfl.tcu hy three runs and two wicket* a truly br.fliant victory, seoing that wlten they started their aeond innings , it rrtt jLombir 1 ?street to a China orange that thiy hadn't the ghost of a show. Hatt socirell principal bowling honors \if there wen a*r lionois attach d to such a di°as tro* cfefeat), taking 4 wickets for 48 runs, Roafehttking 2 for 38, Holt 1 for 12, aad B. MultioUknrl 1 for 13. I- is the (reneral opiuimfcat hid Higgins been put on to bowl esrfier, the result of the match would have beef. different. Sotm kood fielding was done by both sides, Ijefcit and Pearse, who longstopped for their dnective aides, being especially M-ortlij of mention. Fred Smith, for the beuedii sjkUo shone out at point. Heavy wngeo n this case, it is raid, had a stimu lating! flupoce upon him. A ritii'D ma^ch will be commenced to nnrrjr, in respect to which it may be coufidnt'y prcdioted there will be an immeoe amount o{ inkiest shown by the marriimw and their wives and by the sinrienen and the few friend who have s'.uolt to th'm in their hour of adversity. FoUtringare the scores of Wednesday's play :*?' SI^GLK. —Second Innings. Holt, i . Lrirntrsng, b Wren ... . — -S F. Rull b Jlanning ? 18 W. RnJh, isSmith, b Wren ... ... 15 Hatt, b Vra ... ? 3 Ashton, anl.b W.en ? 12 Higgins, 3 Mining ? 4 Duffy, c Ivaii, b Wren ? 1 A. Rudrl l.bft b Manning ? O McCraok B, It.w., b Uanniog ? 7 R. iiulh lland c Baxter, b Wren ... O P:arse, cF«ilb limning ? 2 B. i£ulhol!a.njjuot out ? I Sundnt ? 6 Total I ? 81 First inkngs ? 78 Grand ttal ? : ??? 159 ? KarrId . - Second Ianings . Whittaker, b Htt ' ? 5 Armstrong, b Kadi ? 5 Wren, bHitt'T ? 7 Baxter, b Hat^! ? '??? * Kelly, c and b Jktt ? 6 Evans, b Roach' ? 8 DaviR. not. out - - .. .. ... ... 34 Smith, b Mulhojanh ? 20 Manning, b Hoi) ? 13 Adams, not out , ? 18 SuudrLs , .. .-v ? 3 Total witl 2 wks. to fall _ 124 3?u*t Inniiga ? 38 Grand totil ? 162 