POsBLIsnz EvzEY TU'sosA & FDstA Mosuee. ' It not given unto morals to command success but we may do more . . . . deserve it." FRID LY, DECEMBER 14, 1894. ALTERATION orF TRALs.-On and after Monday next, several alterations will takue place in the trains running on the Gipps land line. The trains running from here to Sale will run as mixed trains, and the evening train and one or two goods trains i from here to Stratford will be discon tinued. This will prove very awkward for Glengarry and Toongabbie folk For particulars see advertisement. Snuar. Couscit.-The ordinary monthly meeting of the Traralgon Shire Council, which should have taken place on Wed nesday, lapsed through want of a quorum. As the subsidy has not yet come to hand, the council would probably not have passed any accounts, although we believe the bank was prepared to honor the council's choques. The holding back of the September moiety of the subsidy is proving a great nuisance both to the con tractors and officers of the shire.-In the House on Wednesday, the Premier. in reply to Mr Mason, said that after the taxation bills were passed the municipal endowment bill would be pushed through, and as soon as it became law the subsidy would be distributed. THE OLD MART.-It will be seen by reference to our advertising colums, that the residents of the north end of the town do not intend allowing the old Mart to remain closed, for pending alterations,aales of farm and dairy produce will be held in Mr Benjamins old shop, in Franklin-st. The place will be open on Saturday. TtRAt~oo; RacIso CrLU.-The annual meeting of this club is called for this evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, at 7.30. This is the third time the meeting has been called,'and we hope there will be sufficient members present, to enable the business to be dealt with. If the members of the club intend holding the annual races on the 26th January (the usual date), there is little time to lose. Some of those who are negligent in turn. ing up should bear in mind that thereis a standing debt on the ground, and the only way of liquidating that debt is by having a good race meeting. Posu?CTIovus. --We have received from the agent, Mr H. E. Henden, a copy of the "Australian Weekly," a semi religious journal, which has now reached its tenth issue. The paper is well got-up, and reflects credit on tle printers, Rae Bros., while many of the articles touch upon subjects of every day life, and are written in a trenchant manner. The journal in question denounces some of the ' Living Pictures" which have drawn crowded houses at one of the theatres, and we think it is fully justified in so doing. The "Australian Weekly" is published at the low price of one penny, and will doubtless command a fair share of sup port.-We have also received, frosi Messrs Virgoe, Son and Chapman, a nicely got up book, entitled a "Tourists visit to Argy. leshire and West Highlands." It contains a map and particulars of rodtes for the guidance of intending tourists, but the book is evidently got out as an advertise ment for Messrs Greenlees Bros., whose Scotch Whisky is spoken of so highly. ST. JAsus' CHUncu.--Archdeacon Arm strong, who has lately taken charge of the Gippsland district, will visit Traralgoin on Sunday next, and conduct the services in the above church, morning and evening. He will also preach at Glengarry at3. RosanaLE COUNCuL.--The'" Mercury writed :-An extraordinarily long meeting of the Rosedale shire took place on Mon day, and a'report will be found in another column, but the discussions have to be held over. The greatest surprise of the meeting was given at the termination, when Cr Fogarty handed in his resigna tion on the ground that he could not spare the time to attend to the husiness. Each and all of the'. councillors expressed genuine regret at losing the oldest coun eillors, and one of such experience and ability. A long discussion took place in reference to Cr Crooke's motion, that applications be invited for valuators for the re-valuation of the two ridings of Rosedale and Denison. This was even tually carried. 'Cr.Cloak again withdrew his motion in reference td the reduction of the salaries of the officers. Before doing so however, he stated that the report in the "Mercury": in reference to this question, to the effect that he could not get a seconder, was untruthful, and with the .view of proving his allegation appealed to the councillors as to whether he had asked any of them to do so, whereupon Cr Lang promptly replied that he had been asked to do so and had refused ! This rather, non-plussed Cr Cloak, who subsided amidst much laughter. Cr Cloak also came in for a good deal of chaff from his brother councillors over Mr Mallett's rates at Longford and the indig nation meeting at which he apologised to the ratepayers. Ci Lang thought that Cr Cloak should give some explanation. He was pretty thin skinned himself, but it would take something to make him apolo gise. Cr Cloak said that' he had paid money to Mr Cain on Mallett's behalf, but was willing. to fall in now with what the council thought proper. 'ToowNaGBma SonTs.--Our correspon dent informs us, that Mr. J. English, auctioneer, visited Toongabbie on Tues daymorning; and.disposed of the booths and gates in connection with the annual gathering, These realised fairly good prices, the publican s booth being knocked down to Mm. Taylor at £9 sa, while the same lady purchased the luncheon booth at £1 10. The gates brought £2 lOs. The committee are exceedingly grateful to Mr. English, for his generosity in selling the booths, free of commission, more especially as he did so ut' great incon venience to himself, as he 'visits Moe every Tuesday afternoon.. Excussro Tiu?es.--In our advertising columns will be foudid the usual Christ anes and New Year railway announce mont. Tickels will be issued to and from all stations from the 20th December till 3rd ,Janumary (both days inclusive) at holiday exzcursimon rates, available for one calendar month from date of issue. The journey must becommenced on the day the ticket is issued, but after a distance of 15 miles has been travelled the journey may be broken at the discretion of pas sengers. STOREKEEPEKI's SALE.-As will be seen by advertisement elsewhere, the salo at Messrs J. Hall & Co's. store, will he continued on Saturday morning, at 11 o'clock. We understand thatthereis still a large quantity of go.ds to be disposed of ; some of the best articles inside the shop, such as ten, sugar, ironmongery. &c.;, being yet for sale. As these will be offered in lots to suit purchasers, they should command the attention of housewives and others. Calcerr.-Tho match which was fired ~I for to-morrow between Tyers and Traral gon will not take place, in consequence of the Tyers 'team having decided not to play any matches until after Christmas, out of respect for their late member, bMr. F. Duncan. Tae SeAson's Gn?rrneas.-Christmas and New Year are rapidly 'drawing near, and soon people will be commening 'to make arrangements for the celebration of the festive season. Among the pleasant 7' ceremonies which are always observed at *t this time, perhaps none is more popular * and titting than the, practice of inter changng cards, convleying the greetingsof c the season one to another. - Year by year b the number of beautifully painted and decorated cards which are sent around C grows greater, principally because of the v wonderful quantities to be obtained for a the expenditure of asmall sum. In this Ii connection we have received from Mr. Ii. E. &enden;, bookseller, of Franklin-street, a couple of packets of Christmas and New Year's cards, which are in themselves perfect little triumphs of art, and of all sizes, shapes and descriptions. Doubtless all who desire to send greetings to their friends will take an early opportunity of inspecting MJr. Henden's stock, and they should certainly not fail to find something ' appropriate and pretty. d Tiacs FIzANCIAL.-The utter want of confidence .which is being engendered by 1 the speeches and actions of many of the l members of the present Legislative Assembly, the fear of extra heavy taxation t in a time of deep distress, and the low price which is being realised for all our staple products, combine together to render the outlook for the summer which I has come, and is fast disappearing, very 1 gloomy. We will say nothing about the autumn or winter. Possibly Messrs I Turner, Hig.ins, Irvine, Gurr, Prender pgst, Hancock and Company are concoct ing some special heaven-born legislation which will render capital and capitalists unnecessary in Victoria, the lawyer and the labourer alone being required, and I each being on strict equality ; payments for work of brain or hand being made in kind, not coin, and thesons and daughters of the men of law meeting at the homes of the men of trade and labour, and marryini and giving in marriage. We ("Punch") care not for speeches, we love practice. The mere frothy vapourings of men who are trading upon the stupidity or cupidity of their fellows is not worth the traditional pinch of snuff. What we desire is to see these speech-makers living practically according to the views which they so publicly and glibly give forth; but they are not quite such fools as that. The man who raved most about the equality of the people in happy, free, Republican America, and who joined also in almost cursing the rich, dwelt in a marble palace in New York, had a luxurious seaside residence, spent much of his time in the no less free, happy, yet monarchial, Great Britain, and thought no one good enough for his daughters, save a lord, duke or prince. So much for consistency in this very enlightened and consistent nineteenth century. But it pays ! Oh ! yes ; it pays first-class. The mob, the mass, the crowd -how easily they are managed. :Throw them a few shells, coppers, or small silver coin of oratory-they laugh,. jump, shout and are led like children ; but the orator, following the example of the lawyer, gracefully retires to his palatial home, there to feast upon fish and champagne. Too Cur&.-Verily, the street Arab is not to be surpassed for cuteness. Recently one of this genius, unkempt and unclad, went into a baker's shop to spend a penny on a roll, and was going out of the shop when he espied another urchin just outside the door watching him. In fear and trembling, he turned back and thus addressed the shop-keeper: "I say, guvnor, do you see that 'ere boy outside there watching me ? Well, he wants to steal my roll. Look here," he continued, "jutehove itdowamy hack." Thebaker humorously complied, the boy stooping in order to make the operation easy. Thus loaded, he apparently succeeded in escap ing notice from the other lad, and got clear away. A minute or two afterwards, the larrikin who had been on the watch, rushed into the shop exclaiming, " I say, mister, do you know what that kid who bought the penny roll has done." "No," replied the astonuished baker. " Well, then, when he stooped he robbed your chain and ticker." The shopkeeper clapped his hands on his portly stomach', looked down, t saw that his watch 'and chain had dis k appeared, cried "Great Casar's ghost," cleared the counter at a bound and rushed away in the direction the thief had taken. No soone.' was his biack turned than the spy also cleared the counter, but in an opposite'direction to that' taken by its owner when jumping, emptied the till, and made its contents and himselfacarce in a little less than no time. -. . Captain Stoddart is of opin;on that the South Australian eleven could play and beat the best team that New South Wales and Victoria, combined, could send into the field. At a meeting of the Executive Council t on Tuesday the resignation of Major Bar trop, police magistrate, was accepted. An order was passed retiring 75 telegraph messengers on six month's pay. A horrible outrage was commited on a little child, 3 years of age,' at Coburg, on Tuesday last. A married man (I), named Attwood, has been arrested on the charge, and fully identified by several children. £350 worth of Christmas and New Year Cards, Books, Toys, and Presents, suitable for theoseason. :Very low prices. Special display at rear of shop. Come and see. so charge for looking. Henden's Bazaar. 1 . The shipment of Australian butter by the R .M.S. Valetta, which left Melbourne on 20th October, has, arrived in London in excellent coidition. 'A portion of the choicest has been sold at 112s to 114s per cwt. A.portion of theValetta's butter is being sent to Glasgow for sale there in order to relieve the London market. In another column, Mr R. D. Lawrenson a nnounces that he" has sold the whole of his Mart businessto Messrs J. W. Molden & Co., who-state they have fitted up the premises leased by them, with every con venience, and intend carrying on thb business entirely on their own account, on cash principles. They also announce baridg a quantity of good seed potatoes for sale, without reserre, on Saturday, the Sopening day. SInT compliance with a desire that the 1 Monday in Christmas week should be I made a general holiday, 'the' Cabinet Sdecided to recommend the Governor Sto grant the request. The matter was Sdealt with by an order in Council at a Smeeting of the Executive on Tuesday. All banks and publio offices will therefore be Sclosed from Saturday, 22nd,until Wednes. day, 27th. In Mr. Bush's paddock the dead body of a wood cutter named Patrick Donovan was discovered. Theman had apparently been killed some days before by the falling of a limb from a dead tree adjacent to one he had felled. The back part of his skull was fractured, and death must have Sbeen instantaneous. The deceased was a bachelor and lived alone. His absence was not noted by his neighbours and the discovery of his corpse was made acciden tally by a youth in riding through the paddock. Mr. Purves's fee in the aM'Quilkin case was £230, with £50 "' refreshers," and the fee to his junior was asubstantial one. In addition to this, there was a lee of 100 guineas to Mr. Purves for attendance nt the liaffra police court, and his junior's fee there, as well as the other expenses incidental to the defence, and the whole expense would hardly ho less than £000. The fact that Mr. Purves was at the pre liminary examinationi at Maffra was (says the "Times") of great service to him, as evidenced by his cross-examination of the children. 