Rensh »APMG J m By 5LWAM ' i A"tll0r0f "Th«Gui-I?uiraer, a Romance of Zulu- j VA lsnii." '"Tsron Snow aDdFir.," "Through tlic Zulu Oountiy : I(s Battfcfleldi and its People," etc. PROLOGUE. 44 Jost conbidcr ! You would soon put to hate bi p. I should be the ruin of you," Tftus the owner of the bright, sparkling face which whs turned, half- mooliinfly, half ruefully, upon that of bor companion. Look ing out killiogly from under the broad- tniromed hot, the dork lustrous ryes seemed to molt into his. 44 How can you eay such a thing?" was tbe reply, in thedtaep; half tremulous tone of a man who is in dead earnest. ' How oan you say each a thing?" he repeated involun tarily, driving a spur into his horse's flank with a dig that made tbat spirited animal «urvat and prance beneath the restraining curb. 44 Oh, take oace I you are making my borse restive. And I aro such a bod rider, as you know." And tbe litbe, graceful fignre in the well-fitting habit was tbrown into tbe relief involved by a real physical effort. " How can I eay so ?" she went on. 44 How can I say eo 1 Why, it is only candid on my part. Do you seriously think a butterfly like me is out out for a life on the High Veldt?" The man's bronzed features faded to a ghastly paleness. He averted his head for oome moments, as though with a wild in stinctive idea of breaking the spell that was upon him. Overhead towered the stately cone of a great mountain, eoariQg aloft in the summer haze. Around, in undulating a«cep, the bush-clad slopes shut in the tortuous, stony road. Birds piped and called to one another ia the lustrous 6uniight, and the rich sensuous air was alive with the drowsy boom of bees, and the metallic plash of the river in its rocky bed beneath. 44 There are other and pleasanter places in this country than the High Veldt," he said at last, but in tbe tone of an advocate plead ing a hopeless oauso, and that oause his own. 4 But, even then," she rejoined, her voice coftening as though in compnnotion over tbe final etab she was about to inflict, 41 even then — no one is less qualified to make you happy, than I am, believe me. Why, you don't really know me as I am. Sometimes I think I hardly know myself." 44 You do yourself injustice," he said "Give me the opportunity of proving it." A curious passing spasm — a kind of a stormy look— shot across the beautiful face. 44 You are too generous," she replied vehemently, ' and far too good to be made miserable for life by suoh a little wretoh as I am. Better, far, feel a little sorry now than that." 4 4 And you are underrating yourself. But I will not hurry you. Take time; but ob, my darling, don't toll me that what you said just now is your final answer." 44 1 must tell you that very thing. It cuts me to the heart to give you pain ; and that is more than lhave been able to say before to say man living. But — there are reasons— if you only knew. There. Forget that I ever said that. But I know tbat with you, any thing I may say is as safe as death itself." This time he made no reply. For one brief instant their eyes met, and in tbat instant he understood her; understood, too, that her first answer was final. \ et he was goodly to look upon, this tnan with his splendid physique, aud refined, noble counteoanoe. Many a feminine heart, we trow, would have beat quicker — but with, vivid joy— at suoh words as he had addressed to his present companion. Many a pair of eyes would have brightened gladsomely into a quick love-light. Many another would have desired no bettor protector and stay until her life's end than thin man now riding by the eide of her who had rejected him. To propose on horseback is the very worst place a man oan ohoose wherein to propose, says someone or other, by reason of both the proposer and propose© being in a measure sub ject to the precarious whims of one or a pair of wholly unreliable quadrupeds. He who now rode there had either never heard that salutary axiom or had forgotten it fot tho oooasion ; but now he was made to feel its force by a male voice, some little distance Ahead, hallooing: 44 Now, you two good people, spur up, or \re shall never get there to-night !" And a bend in the road brought inio view other horsemen— other 41 habits" — stationary, and obviously and prevokingly awaiting the arrival of the two laggards. And the equestrians, now merged into one group, rode on their way in the golden eon- light of tbat lovely afternoon, rejoicing in tbe exquisite glories of the wild and romantic vnouutain road. But, in the prevailing mirth, one among them bore no part, for he carried within his breast the dead burden of a core and aching hearL CHAPTER I. — Thirst-land. The heat was terrible. Terrible, even for tbe parched, burning Bteppes of the High Yelat, whose baked and crumbling surface lay gasping in cracks aud fissures beneath the blazing fierceness of the African sun. Terrible for the stock, en feebled and emaciated after months of bare subsistence on such miserable wiry blades of shrivelled grass as it could manage to pick vip, and ou the burnt and withered Karroo boshes. Doubly terrible fqr those to whom the wretched animals, all skin and bone, and dying off like flies, represented nothing more nor less than the means of livelihood itself. Far away to tbe sky-line on every side, far as the eyo could travel, stretched tbe dead, weary surface of the plain. Not a tree, not a hash to break the level. On the one hand a low range of fiat topped hills floated, mirage - like, in mid-air, so distant that a day's Journey would hardly seem to bring you any nearer; on the other, nothing — nothing but plain and sky, nothing but the hard red -earth, shimmering like a furnaoe in the in tolerable afternoon heat; nothing but a frightful desert, wherein, apparently, no human being oould live— not even the ape like bushman or the wild Koran na. Yet, "there stands a house. A house thoroughly in keeping with its «urronndings. A low one-storyed building, with a thatched roof and walls of sun-baked briok. Just a plain parallelogram ; no at- tempt at ornamentation, nc verandah, not «ven a 44 8toep." No trace of a garden wtber, for in this horrible desert of drought fcd aridity nothing will grow. Hard by eland the square stone kraals for the lock, and a little farther on, where level of the plain rinks into a wight depression, is an artificial dam, its liquid store at present reduced to a small fHtoh of red and tnrgid water lying in the toiddle of a surrounding margin of dry weky mud, baked into a criss-cross pattern ti oraoks, like a huge mosaio. On a low, stony kopje, a few handred yards distant from this uninviting homestead, wes its owner. Nobody bnt a Boer oould dwell in suoh a place, would be the first thought euooeeding that of wonder that any white man oould be found to inhabit it at all. wut glaooe would suffice to show that he wow sitting there la not member of that (380) dogged and pachajfiormtous race. Tha face is a fine — even «, noble — one, whose fe&tores; the bronzed r.nd weather-worn results of a har-i life have failed to rjuhen. A broad, lofty brow and p<n>tv»j dark eves stamp their owner as man of iuteltercand thought, while the peculiar ourne of the well-formed oostrils betokensa sensitive ami self-contained nature. Tbe lower half of tbe free ia hidden by a dark silky beard and meustsone. One brown, sinewy h»md grasps a geolo gist's hammer, with which it chips away list lessly at the ground. Hut, although the action is now purely mechauioal,' it is not always so, as we shall see ifwejuse our htory-teller's privilege and dip into his inner thoughts. Briefly rendered, they rim in this wise : 44 Oh, this awful drought ! When is it going to end"? Not that it much matters, either way now, for there s hardly a sound hoof left on the place : and, even if a good rain did come, it would only finish off the whole fever-strioken Jot. Well, I'll have to clear out, that's one consolation. I've held on as longasanyman could, and now I'll just have to go," His gaze wanders over the arid plain. Fur away through the shimmer it rests on a multi tude of wbiteepeeka— a flock of Angora goats, striving in desperation to pick np what miserable subsistence it may. 44 There's nothing to be done with the plaoe— nothing,'' he tmiBes, bringing his hammer down upon a boulder with a despair ing whaok. 44 It won't sell even for an old soDg — no one will 60 muoli as touch land now, ror will they for a long time to come, and there ipn't a 'stone' on the whole farm, for I've dug and fossicked in every likely plaoe, and unlikely one, too. No ; I'll slut up shop and get away. The few miserable brutes left are not worth looking after — not worth their brand ziek (ecab-effected) skins. Yet I'll have one more search, one more crazy fool's errand, after the 4 Valley of the Eye.' before I trek. This'll make the fifth — bnt. no matter. One may as well make an asB cf oneself five times as four. 1 can't exaotly believe old Greenway took all that trouble to dictate an infernal lie on his death-bed ; and, if his yarn's true, I'm a rich man for life— if I can only find the place, that is," he adds, bitterly. 44 And I've had fonr shies at it. Well, perhaps the fifth is going to be lnoky." With which consoling reflection the thinker rises from his 6tony resting-place, revealing as he does so a tall, straight figure, admir ably proportioned. Suddenly he'starts, and a sallow paleness comes over the bronzed, handsome features. For he is conscious oi a strange giddiness. A. mist seems to float before his eyes, shutting ont completely the glare of the burning veldt. 44 Never that oursed np-country fever again?" he murmurs, to himself, in real alarm. And for the latter there is reason — reason in the abnormal and unhealthy heat of the terrible drought — reason in his utter isolation, the vast distance between himself and a fellow countryman— let alone such consider tione as medical aid. Recovering himself with an effort, he Btrolls on towards the house. There is no sign of life about the place as be approaches, unless a oonple of miserable, fever-etriobeu sheep, panting and wheezing in the shade of the kraal wall, constitute suoh. But, dead and tomb-like as it looks outside, there is some thing refreshing in the coolness of the inner room as he enters. A rough table-cloth is laid, and a knife and fork. The walls are papered with piotnroe from illustrated prints, and are hung with swinging shelves contain ing a goodly number of books of all sorts. A few chairs and a couch, the latter nraoh the worse for wear, constitute tho furniture ; and, on the whole, what with pipes, stray bits of saddlery, and miscellaneous odds and ends of every description, the place is about as untidy as tbe average baohelor abode is 2>t to be within tbe pale of civilisation, let one away .on the High Veldt. The floor is of hardened clay, and there is no ceiling- nothing between the inmate of the room and the bare and ragged tbatob, one drawbaok to whioh arrangement being that a fine, lively tarantula will oooasionaOy drop down upon the head or shonlder of the said inmate. A call of 44 Kaatje. Dinner bring," is soon productive of that meal, iu eo far as the remnant of a half-starved and wholly nnnntritions chioken, dressed up with so in sipid an ingredient as some plain boiled rice, can be said to constitute dinner. It is pro ductive, simultaneously, of an extraordinary specimen of humanity. A creature of mahogany hue and parch ment hide, tbe latter banging in flaps around < her perspiring and soantily -attired person. A creature of tbe bideosity of one of Banyan's fiends— a frightfnl grin, horn-like ears, and a woolly skull — waddling on the abnormal hip-development of the native Bushman or Koranna. A nice sort of being to bring in one's dinner, not of itself over- inviting ! But one gets used to queer things on the High Veldt, and this hideous and repulsive object is only a harmless Koranna woman, and aooording to her lights & good old soul enough ; and she officiates as oook and general factotum to this rough and ready household of one. The swarming flies buzz around. The windows are black with them ; the table is black with them ; the air is thiok with them. In tbey sail through open windows and open doors, fresh from the fetid stew-pans of the kitchen ; fresh from the acrid, pnngent unst 44 Diamond," in digger parlance. of the goat kraals ; fresh from the latest t garbage, whioh they have been sharing with 1 carrion birds, in the veldt. They light on the diner's head, orawl about his face, crowd over plates and dishes and table-cloth — them selves np witb the food, drown themselves iu the drink. Everywhere flies. The South African housefly is identical with the British— but he is a far greater pest. He is more aggressive, and he brings to bsar upon his victims the solid weight of numbers. Go where you will, you co¬ shake him off. If yqu fit up a waggon, and drive into the far interior, there also .will the common fly be with you— and with you in swarms. Rmehaw Fanning looke disgustedly at his uninviting meal, and plays with it rather than eats. Then he pushes back his chair. He has no appetite. Again he seeks the open air. A restless mood is upon him, and broiling, stifling as tbe heat is outride he cannot remain iu tbe house. Suddenly a winged object appears fluttering in the punlight. A quick ex clamation escapes him, as he shades his eyes to watch it. " Ha, of course ! The laet straw ! Locusts. Here they come, by Jove! thicker and thicker to put the finishing touch on what the drought has begun. By this time to morrow there won't be a blade of grass left on the place, nor a hoof, either." He stands watching the flying insects. Barely five minutes aftor tbe disoovery of the first one, the air is thiok with them. They seem to spring out of nowhere. Thicker and thicker, they come, their gauzy wings flutter ing iu the sunlight, blundering into the spectator's faoe, colliding with the walls, falling to the eround. It is an ill wind that blows nobody good. A few starved fowls at the back of the house perk up into new lifo as they rush forth to ful their emaciated car cases with, this unlooked-for and abundant dainty. But tho watcher withdraws indoors again, ae if to shut out all sight and sound of these new and fatal intruders, and, as he does eo he is conscious of terrible shooting painB in his limbs. Though of Irish parentage on one side, Renehaw Fanning is South African born. His life, so far — and he is now thirty-five — has been a hard one. Few, indeed, are the wilder, rougher phages of South African life of which he has not bad more or less experi ence. He has farmed and has ridden trans port (carriage of goodB by waggon), he has hunted and traded in the far interior, he has been a tre&eure-eeeker;, and has also fought in the border warfare which now and then breaks out between the Coloniaca and their savage neighbors. Bnt profitable as some of these avocations frequently are, somehow or other Renshaw Fanning has never seemed to make a success of anything, and this is mainly owing to the extraordinary unselfish ness of the man. He will divest himself of his last shilling to help a friend in need, or even a mere acquaintance— indeed, he owes the possession of his arid and uninviting desert farm to this very failing, in that be has been forced to eocept it in satisfaction of a bad debt which would otherwise completely have ruined him. As a matter of oonrse, his friends and acauaiutanoes voce him a fool, but deep down in their hearts lies a mine of respect for the only thoronghly unselfish man they have ever known ; and even the unscru pulous ones who have traded upon and profited by hie failing did so with compunc tion. But with all his soft-hearteduess aud sen sitive and retiring temperament, none who know him have ever for a moment mistaken Renshaw Fanning for a muff. No cooler brain exists, no steadier hand or keener eye in times of danger or dangerous sport — whether at a critical moment, at the mercy oi some treacherously disposed barbarian tribe iu the far interior, or with finger on trigger awaiting the lightning-like charge of n wounded and infuriated lion. Or on treasure- seeking enterprise, when physical obstacles, combined with failure of water and scarcity of provisions to render advance or retreat a work of almost superhuman difficulty, the post of hardship and privation was that which he unobtrusively assumed ; &ndj; in deed, there are men still living who, but for this, would long sinoe have left their bones in the desert — ooonpants of unknown graves. No, assuredly none who know hun can ever mistake Renshaw Fanning for a muff. Such is the man whom we see, solitary, de pressed, and in breaking health, contempla ting, on his desert farm, the approach of rain —whioh ruin all efforts on his part are power- le&b; to avert. CHAPTER II. — AFiiie>d rx Need. Down, down to the far horizon sinks the westering sun, tbe malignant fierceness of his blazing countenance abating somewhat, for he is within au hour of his rest. Yet the earth still gives forth its shimmering heat, aud ou overy eide the red surface of the parohed-np plain assumes a hue of blood be neath tbe golden glow of sunset, which, con trasted with the vivid blue of the heavens, is productive of a strangely weird and unearthly effect. So thinks, at any rate, a horseman, toil somely making his way over its inhospitable expanse. His steed, suffering terribly from want of water, as well as from a lack of nutri tious food, oan hardly drag its limbs along. and more than once has the rider endeavored to relieve the poor beast by undertaking long spells of walking. But who can indulge in protr&oted; exercise under suoh difficulties? Consequently, the horseman, though of fine and powerful build, is nearly as fagged and used'up as his unfortunate steed. Now and again a flying locust raps kirn in tho f&oeashe; rides. 44 What an infernal country !" he exclaims aloud, wiping Lisdrippiog forehead. 44 Nearly sunset ; no sort of habitation in sight, and not even a dropot water In this howling desert. By Jove, the situation is getting serioiiB," he ades, in a tone bordering on alarm. His alarm is sot without reason. Since quitting last niglt'eoamp beside a nearly dry waterhoie, oontaiaiug a noisome mixture, and that of the consistency ef a pea-soup, he has found no traoe »f the indispensable fluid. And he is lost A worn-out horse under him, foodless, waterliBB, in the midst of an apparently intenxxnable desert, he has every excuse for beginnhg to feel excessively con cerned. He is & fine, till, well set-up man, this stranger, No pariality could define him as handsome. His f«atures have no regularity, and his light blue eyea are a trifle too t>mall and deep set ; bit there ie a certain power about his countenance, whose square, resolute jaw, the short, fair pointed beard and heavy sweeping mouetaohe oan only half hide. Though his face and hands are burnt red brown, there is subtle something whioh tells at a glance he ie not colonial born, and that, too, quite apart from tho newness of his travelling dress prematurely worn by rough usage, and of the serviceable valise wliioh is strapped in front of his saddle. A stony kopje, the only eminence for five miles aronnd, rises betore the traveller. This he has been using as a landmark, and through its agency steering in & straight line. It, too, having reached, he now asoende and immediately there escapes him a pretty forcible ojaculation of relief. Away in front, breaking the deadly monotony o! this horrible plain, lies a house— a home stead. It ia Btill three or four milos distant, though apparently nearer. But the horse haB espied it as soon as his rider, and priok- ing forward his ears, he picks up his bead and steps ont with something of an approach tobriEkness. Tbe first elaticn— at the certainty of find ing necessaries such as food and drink— over, tho traveller's thoughts turn to considera tions of comfort. After all, the welcome haven ie, in all probability, a mere rough Boer homestead, the abode of dirt and fleas, a place wherein comfort is an unknown quantity. And at such a prospect, hungry, thirsty, thoronghly wearied as he is, his Bpirits droop. But his musings are interrupted in a sufficiently startling manner, by nothing less than the 44 whiz" of a ballet un pleasantly close to his head, simultaneously with the 14 baug" of tho pieoe whence it was discharged. Looking np, he finds that he has ap proached within & few hundred yards of tbe homestead. In the doorway of the same stands & tall man, clad in a 6hirt and trousers, with a gon in his hand, from which he is ex tracting the Btill smoking cartridge shell. Barely has he mastered these details than another ballet sings past his ear, this time nearer than the first, while the report rings out upon the evening air. To eay that the wayfarer begins to feel ex ceedingly uncomfortable is to express tittle. Here he is, a perfectly peaceable, unoffending person, about to seek the much-needed hospitality of yonder domicile, and suddenly, and without an iota'of provocation, its owner prooeeds to make a target of him in the most cold-blooded fashion. True, he has heard that many of the up-ooautry Boers area wild and lawless set, holding an Englishman in utter detestation. But this open and unpro voked 4 4 act of war" surpasses anything he may have been led to expect. 44 Here, hallo ! Yon, sir ! What are you blazing away at mo tori" he singe ont, his tone betraying a drce of anger which prudence should have induced him to sup press. His hand instinctively goes to the revolver ; slung round him iu a holster under his coat. Bat of what use m a six -shooter against an ' enomy many hundred yards distant, and : armed with a rifle' Therefore, it is with considerable relief that he beholds his unex pected adversary ground bis piece, stare at him for a moment, then disappear indoors. The feeling is but transitory, however, as it occurs to him tbat the fellow has pro bably gone in to get moro cartridges, and that any moment he may find himself once more raked by the enemy '6 fire. HejudgeB it prudent to try the effect of a parley be fore venturing any nearer. 14 Hi! Hallo, friend!" he shouts, 44 just drop that target practice, will you ? There isn't an ounce of harm about me. I'm nothing but a poor traveller lost in the veldt, and pretty well dead for want of a drink. D'you understand?" Then it strikes him that if the inhos pitable householder is, as he expects, a Boer, he will probably not understand. 44 What is to be done?" exolaims the wayfarer, in sheer despair. 44 Well, here goes. May as well be shot as Btarve in the veldt ; and" perhaps tbe fellow's only playing the fool— trying what I'm made of — and, if I were only within fifty or even & hundred yards of him, the 4 trying ' wouldn't be all on one side." Thus musing, he continues hie advance upon the homestead, walking his horse and whistling in an attempt to appear thoronghly unconcerned, although iu point of actual fact he feels pretty much as the Six Hundred must have done ou receipt of the historic aud idiotic order. But no more le&dea; greetings reach him, nor does the enemy appear. AJ1 is Bilent as the grave as lio rides up to the honse. The front door stands wide open, exactly as tbe shooter had left it on retiring there from. There is not a sound of anybody moving inside. The plao9 might have been uninhabited. Just then the son, which all this time has gradually been sinking, and has already touched the horizon, disappears. Something like a chill creeps over the traveller at the sudden gloom which falls npon the tenement just as he is about to cross its threshold. Standing at the door, he raps it, somewhat impatiently, with the handle of his whip. No answer. Cautiously, and with hand on his pistol, he enters. There is no passage ; the door opens straight into the eittingroom. At the sight which meets his eyes he starts, and in voluntarily falls baok. In a corner of the room stands a tall fignre. Leaning with one shoulder against the wall, its eyes are fixed upon the intruder, great hollow eyes, which seem to glitter strangely, aud the deathly pallor of the faoe is enhanced by its framing of dark hair and beard. Though otherwise motionless, both hands and lipe'are working slightly, bnt no sound escapes tbe latter. The wayfarer, though not by auy means a man of weak nerves, is conscious of something horribly uncanny about this ghostlike figure, so silent and immovable, glowering ut him in the shades of the fast- gathering twilight. Bat at tbe same time he recognises his recent assailant. No ghost this, bnt— a madman. For a moment both stand staring at each other. Then the strange-looking figure speake. 44 Welcome, friend — welcome. Come in, come in. Make yourself at home. Have you brought any boosts with you ? Lots of them — swarms, to eat np what little grass the drought has left. Have you brought them, I say? Aha — fine things, locusts! Don't know how we should get on without f.hAm nratid thtnirB fnr thin nnnnb'tt ! Finn oountry this ! Green as an emerald. Emeralds ! no, diamonds. But there ifin't a 'etoue' on the place, devil a stone.' " LocustB ! Emeralds ! Diamonds V eohoes tbe stranger in amazement. 4 4 Scott, but the poor ohap's clean off his chump — clean off it I What on earth am I to do with him, or with myself either for tbe matter of that V 44 Not a 4 stone' on the place !" goes on the speaker, in a mournful tone. 44 I've fossicked high aud low, and ihere isnt one — not one. Ah, but the Valley of the Eye ! Come, friend. We will start at onoe. Yon shall make yonr fortune. Dirk ! Dirk !" he shoute, passing the wondering stranger, and gaining the doorway. A withered old Koranna, olad in a mangy sheepskin kaross, who has just finished pen ning a flock of An?ora goats in one of the At sight of his master his parchment visage assumes g.look ot deep oonoem. 44 Die Ba&sis; reegte ziek !" (the master is properly ill) he says, turning to the stranger. 44 1 should rather think he was," assents the latter, who, although his acquaintance with colonial Dutch is extremely limited, has no difficulty in grasping the old fellow's meaning. 44 Stones, locusts, Valley of the Eye ! Pho I The sooner we get him to bed the better. 44 1 say, old man," he breaks off persuasively, laying a hand on tbe shoulder of his unconscious host, 44 You're not quite the thing, you know. Come along and torn in. I'll give you a hand at getting your togs off." Die other looke at him vaoantiy, and seems to comprehend. He suffers Himself to baled into the inner room quite dooilely, and there and then to be assisted into bed. Onoe there, however, tho blood rushes to his faoe, and he begins raving horribly, though hia violenoe finds expression in speech rather than in aotion (to bb oontikoed.) While & Georgia editor waa addressing an audience fifteen oabbageB were thrown on the stage. 41 1 thankyou,ladieBandgeutlemen," he said. 44 My garden was killed by the re cent blizzard, and I have a large family to support. All that I need now is a basket." the Locrsva were coiitko. 