CHAPTER XIV.—"ONCE AGAIN!" Among the audience that evening at St. James's Hall there chanced to have been, unknown to Doreen, her old acquaintance, Miriam Hereford. The General, too, had patiently sat through the whole concert to please his daughter; but his thoughts had been engrossed with other matters, and as they drove home his talk took a practical turn. "My dear," he said, "I think that notion of yours as to your Cousin's fancy for Mies O'Byan was all a mi-take. The years pass on, and nothing comes of it." " I don't know what to think," said Miriam indifferently. "He makes no secret of his admiration for her; but then, as you Bay, nothing happens." ' "It is.a great relief to my mind," said the General, " for a more unfitting marriage could not well be." • "Well, papa, I don't know; Doreen is very charming and very olever; and if her father was an Irish rebel I don't see tbat it need affect us very much. He died years ago, and will never give any more trouble." " Max ought to marry in his own set," said the General decidedly; "and you know well enough, my dear, what I have always desired for him." "Yes, you were always a hard-hearted father," said Miriam saucily. " Most anxious to get your daughter safely disposed of. It's very unlucky, daddy, that yon and I look on that question bo differently. lamin no hurry at all to leave you." " Ah, my dear, it is of your own good that I think," said the General. "It is well enough for you now; but what is to become of you at my death? And time is passing by; you ought seriously to consider the matter. I own that I long to see you established at Monkton Verney, and Max is a thoroughly good fellow; he would make you perfectly happy." " No, daddy," Bhe protested, •• he would' make me perfeotly miserable. As a cousin I like bim very muoh, but as a husband he would fidget me to death. I know his faults a great deal too well." " You are hard on him," said the General. "He is no immaoulate hero, but he is one of the best fellows I know, liked and respected by all who come across him." " Yes, yes, Max is all very well," she said impatiently, " but it is so dull to marry one's cousin; and then he has never asked me." "You could easily make him," said the father. " You have always hod great influence .over him." "Perhaps," she confessed; "but I don't want him, daddy; and, what's more, I won't have him; he is quite given over to philan thropy and politics, and would expect a wife to sympathise with bis tastes. Yes, yes, I quite agree to all you would say; he is handsome and rioh—perhaps I should like him better if he were not quite so aggressively handsome and rioh." , " Well," said the General with a sigh, " I confess I don't understand you, my dear; he seems to me a delightful fellow." " So delightful, but so unoomfortable," said Miriam naughtily. • " People who meet him in society only know one Bide of him, and the sunny side ie fascinating enough; but when he is put out he can be more like a grizzly bear than any one I know. And besides, now I think of it, I fancy Doreen O'Byan really does oare for him, and the politics and the philan thropy aro so muoh more in her line." As she recalled Doreen's bright face that evening her thoughts wandered baok to the summer visit to Ireland long ago, and to the remembrance of the little ourly-headed Irish girl who had sung to them at Castle Karey. Certainly, she reflected, she would not at all like " theheavt of the minstrel" to be " break ing," for the sake, too, of a purely conventional and worldly marriage on her own part. It was true that Bhe had often contemplated a loveless marriage with a oertain calm docility, but somehow she would have preferred not to saorifioe Max or Doreen. Still, as her father said, time was passing; Bhe was now eight-and twenty, and it was scarcely to be supposed that her whole life was to be devoted to the memory of John Desmond—a man who, by some strange magic, had won her heart as a girl of eighteen, and whose plain, forcible faoe rose before her - now more vividly than faces she had seen but a few minutes ago. She leant back in the brougham, letting various possibilities float through her mind, weighing the advantages and the disadvantages of marriage in a curiously calm, unembarrassed fashion. Should she yield to her father's and her mother's great wish, or should she still be loyal to that dream of her girlhood ? An irritating sense of the great power whioh Desmond had gained over her, and of the little she really knew of his life or oharaoter, took possession of her and brought a cloud of trouble over her beautiful faoe. Most fervently did she wish she had never paid tbat Irish visit whioh had been destined to change the whole tenor of her existense. After all it would be be very satisfactory to be at the head of the Monkton Verney household, and ber father had rightly said that she had great influence with Max. She might do muoh to divert him from his tiresome sohemes of reform, might lure him into safe and pleasant paths and make him more like other people; might tone' down his disturbing and unfashionable enthu siasms, and develop in him that slightly oynioal indifferenco whioh was, to her mind, " better form." Tbe brougham Btopped as she reached this point in her reflections; her father handed her out and fumbled for his latoh-key while she waited on the doorstep, looking out on the moonlit garden of the Crescent. Suddenly she was constrained to look at the faoe of a man who paoed slowly along the pavement; she started as though she had seen a ghost, recog nising in an instant that pale, sallow face, almost livid-looking in the moonlight, and those dark, wild eyes whioh met hers now sadly and hungrily. Miriam made a step forward as though to speak, but John Desmond merely raised his hat and passed on. " Come, my dear," said the General, throwing open the door; "it is too wintry a night for moon-gazing." And the girl with an effort dragged herself across the hall, and, with a hasty good night to her father, crept upstairs to her room, dismissed her maid, and dropped into a chair beside the fire, trembling in every limb. He was alive, and in London. He knew where she lived, and he still loved her 1 All her calm, dispassionate consideration of a loveless marriage with Max Hereford faded away as though it had never for a moment existed; the world held for her only that one man whose extraordinary influence she acknowledged without in the least understanding it. In the meantime, Desmond, even more agi tated by the recognising glance whioh he had received, paced slowly back to his rooms in a dismal back street at Westminster. He was much altered since the Castle' Karey days, though the change was not one that oould be noticed by Miriam in the moonlight. Seen, however, beneath the flaring gas- burner in his soantily furnished lodging, Desmond revealed the traces of many years' anxiety and excite ment; there were deep lines round hia mouth, the hair had receded from his forehead, making it more noticeably high than ever, and his eyes had a restless, unsatisfied look in thorn. On the whole he was altered very muoh for the worse; and though there was still about bim a certain force of charaoter and a genuineness of devotion to what he deemed right, ihe man's whole nature seemed twisted and distorted, so that he was really incapable of judging justly. When ho had left Castle Karey he had returned to his home, there to endure as well as might be the tedious months of convalescence, and to struggle against his love for Miriam. Finally, he had resolved to put the Atlantic between them, and, dropping all correspondence with Max, had buried himself in a great American oity, where he did his best to forget the past. The events of tbe summer had roused in him a keen sense of the wrongs of Ireland, but, un luckily, instead of falling in with men of the Bamo oalibre as Patrick O'Byan, or noble minded, unimbittered Nationalists like Donal Moore, he was thrown among men of a very different type, and he had beoome a member of a Seoret Society, whose extreme views and reckless plans of action were the despair of all the more sober reformers. As an agent for this society he ohanoed now to be for a short time in London, and curiosity had led bim that night to St. James's Hall. It was with a very strange feeling that ho listened to Doreen O'Byan's songs. Was this graoeful, white robed singer indeed the little Irish girl whose merry laughter and lively talk had onoe amused bim as they rowed about Lough Lee ? Was that indeed the face whioli he had seen blanched with terror on that terrible afternoon ? And had those hands indeed grasped the tiller and steered with desperate resolution over the water beneath which lay the body of James Foxell ? Peacefully smiling, so let me be, Living or dying, sweet rose, like thee. These were the words she sang. He won dered greatly if beneath her frank, sweet face, with its sunshiny look, there yet remained hidden away a dark ghastly remembrance of that past scene. Had all this applause and success driven out such memories ? She was graoiously vouchsafing an encore, and her choice had fallen on a well-known national song. In thinking of her country's deep wrongs, bad she perhaps forgotten the fatal dispute she had so unwillingly witnessed in her childhood? But suddenly all thoughts of Doreen were banished from his mind, for he oaught sight of Miriam Hereford, and the beautiful faoe, with its Jewish outlines, whioh had so long lived in his heart, set every pulse within him throbbing wildly, and for the time made bim forget tbe hopeless barrier that -divided them. He had followed her home by an irresistible impulse, and her glance of surprised recognition, the eager light of her eves, her impetuous move ment towards him, filled him with delight. He slept little, and the next morning his feet seemed to turn naturally in the direction of Wilton Cresoent. He paoed Blowly past the house, then returning, was just in time to catch sight of General's Hereford's portly figure descending the steps, in olose conversation with a lady in a long sealskin jacket; something of similarity in height and bearing made Desmond feel sure that this must be Miriam's mother. He walked after them at a discreet distanoe in the direction of Viotoria, with no very settled purpose, but from curiosity, and from his acquired habit of shadowing people. Arrived at the Metropolitan Station, he reaohed the ticket office exactly in time to learn the destination of Miriam's parents, took a tioket* himself for the same station, followed them down the steps, and kept them in view as they paced up and down the platform waiting for the train. More than once as they passed him he oaught Miriam's name. It was quite clear that the absoibing conversation related to ber, and Desmond's curiosity became more and more aroused. He did not venture to get into the empty compartment, however, towarda whioh the General steered his way. He got instead into tbe adjoining one, where, though effectually hidden from view, he could, when the train was no? in motion, distinctly hear, above ihe barrier, all that passed. " I told her," said the General, " that she bad great influence with Ma». She has only to draw bim on a little and he will propose fast enough." " He certainly admires her," said his wife. " Nothing could be more desirable iv every way than the marriage; but wbat more oan Ido ? She is thoroughly wilful, and has refused every offer she haß reoeived." " She was not unreasonable last night as we drove home from St. James's Hall," said the General. " You had better get her invited to Monkton Verney for Easter, and, unless I am muoh mistaken, she will yield to our wishes. Miriam is a sensible " But here the train plunged into the echoing subway, and Desmond heard no more. He had heard enough, however, to fill him with uneasy compunotion. What was he to do ? To dream of marriage with Miriam was absurd. His whole past cut him off from any Buoh possi bility, nor did he feel disposed to break with his present mode of life, even could he with safety have done so. Should ho see her onoe more and explain to ber the hopelessness of the barrier between tbem ? Unfortunately that was impossible; there was too muoh tbat he was quite unable to reveal. And, moreover, to be brought faoe to faoe with eaoh other would be but an ill preparation for tbe final parting. Yet, somehow, be muat prevent her from sacri ficing her whole life, must at all costs free her from any lingering bondage to that past dream of love. Ho would write to her, would load her to think that her marriage with Max Hereford was what he most desired. And in truth he oould better bear to think of her as wedded to his old pupil than as leading a forlorn life, and constantly inourring the displeasure of her parents. She wa3 hopelessly lost to him. Why Bhould she not marry Max ? He would, at any rate, take good care of her, and fill her life with every luxury that wealth oould buy. Making his way baok to bis dreary lodging, he spent the rest of the morning in the attempt to write what would in some degree satisfy him, but with Bmall success; in the end he was obliged to content himself with the following lines:— Last night, after an absence of nine years and a-half, 1 siw you once mora, but had imagined that time had altered me too much for recognition on your part to be possible. That you knew me and would have spoken to me gives me a strange pleasure, even though 1 write this expressly to beg that you will do your best to forget me, and to forget that I ever had.the presumption to love you. The barrier of which I told you at Castle Karey will always exist, and there are now other reasons which make it impossible for me to remain long in this country, or to venture ever again to see you. My life is not wholly unhappy, for I have work which interests me; nor have Ito look forward to a dreary old a?e, for those who adopt my present pursuit are seldom long-lived. I shall not attempt to see my old pupil, but you might casually mention to him that you have met me, and that lam still in the land of the liviug. 1 am told that he is one of our most promising public speakers; if so, a man with his advantages ought to have a grand future before hira. If he should some day win that which I have been forced to relinquish, I shall bear him no grudge; on the contrary, it would brighten the remainder of my life to think that you were at least established in a homo not unworthy of you. Aud now lot thel last time I wish you good-bye. The effeot of the sudden shook of the pre vious night had been to keep Miriam in bed for the next four-aud-twenty hours with a severe headache. Being a person of leisure, she yielded rather easily to any slight ailment. Doreen, with a similar amount of pain, would have gone about her work, travelled, perhaps, a couple of hundred miles, sung the Bame evening, and rattled home again the next day, enduring the discomfort as best she could. But Miriam had not herself and four brothers aud sisters to support; she was at present supplied with every luxury in her father's house, and the only thing he expeoted of her in return was that eventually she Bhould marry a rich man. It happened, therefore, that she received John Desmond's letter alono, and in her own room, and that she had ample time to muse over the strangely worded communication. What his life-endangering work might be she could not guesß ; possibly it was some sort of scientific research, likely to enfeeble his health. As for the barrier, she fancied that v could only mean money or debt, for of any other diificul-: ties she knew nothing. There was, however, an absolute hopelessness about the tone of the brief note which made her feel that she must, indeed, do her best to obey him*and to bury the past in oblivion. It was strange that he, too, should harp upon this same notion of ber ulti mate marriage with her cousin. Could it, indeed, be that she and Max were suited to eaoh other ? She had great influence with him, it waa true, but in her seoret soul ahe muoh doubted whether her influence was for good or ill. And then there was Doreen O'Byan. Did he, after all, care for her? And was it only her fancy that Doreen, who was so sunny and light-hearted at all times, beoame just a little more bright and witty whenever Max was present? That her eyes became distinctly bluer, that a sort of glow oame into her usually pale face, that her very voice had a more mellow ring about it ? Surely it was no fanoy; tbe girl did oare; and Max, if he meant nothing by his attentions, had certainly treated her very badly. No; she would not step in between them, even to please her father and mother; she would not be made the cat's-paw to bring, the wealth of Monkton Verney to her father's assistance. After all, she oared for Max far too muoh to marry him just for his estate. John Deumond should be obeyed; she would do her best to forget the past, but nothing Bhould induce her to draw her cousin on iv any way, or to promote tbe scheme whioh her parents so ardently deßired. Miriam had many faults, but Bhe had good impulses, and she not unfrequently followed them. A knook at her bedroom door made her thrust Deßmond's letter hastily beneath her pillow; ehe looked up with a smile at her mother. "Are you better, my dear?" said Lady Baohel anxiously. "Yes, mamma, but I have not felt warm since last night's concert. I must have caught oold ou the way home." " There is great news for you," said. her mother. "Your father has just heard that the dissolution is to take place at Easter. It> is muoh sooner than was generally expected; In a few weeks, you see, we shall be in tho thick of the general eleotion. I am going to write this evening to your aunt, and propose that you go down with her to Monkton Verney, She will have a number of people to enter tain, and constant ooming and going, and it is just at tbose times that she bo muoh neods some one to play the part of daughter of the house." " Mamma," said Miriam decidedly, " I am very sorry, but nothing will- induce me to go to Monkton Verney for such an early Easter as we have this year. Why, Good Friday ia on the 26th of Maroh! Just think what tho cold will be in that oountry house 1" " Oh, they will warm the house; and besides, you will have. very good fun at the election. You had better go, my dear; your father par ticularly wishes it." "Mamma," said Miriam piteously, "please do not write to auntie. I kuow why you wish it so muoh, but don't urge me just now. I Bhall only hate Max for ever if I have to listen to all his eleotion speeches. That sort of thing bores me to death. Do let us keep out of it. Take me abroad, and let us have a nioe time on the Riviera while they are all talking themselves hoarse here. And then, next season, if Max gets into Parliament, I will perhaps think ot wbat you so much want." "We only want your good, my dear, and your best happiness," said her mother, reluc tantly oonaeniing to her suggestion, as she left the room. "My beßt happinecs ?" repeated Miriam to herself half dreamily. " I wonder what my best happiness would be ?" And then in fanoy she saw the announce ment in the newspapers:— " A marriage has been arranged between Mr. Max Hereford, M.P., and Miss Miriam Here ford, his cousin, the only daughter of General Hereford." Or, again, it might be:— " A marriage iB shortly to take place between Mr. Max Hereford, M.P., and Miss Doreen O'Byan, the charming and popular Irish vocalist." She caught herself humming a quaint little song whioh Madame De Berg had given aa an enoore at the concert:— I know not, no, not I, where Joy is found I Suddenly ahe drew Desmond's letter again from beneath her pillow; she read it slowly, lingerinidy—read something of his love for her between the lines—and then suddenly broke into a passionate fit of weeping. " It is all very well for mamma to talk of my best happiness," she thought to herself. " The only rug of happiness left to me is not to inter fere with the happinen? of other people." [to bs continokd.J 