LOCAL NEWS. Snake Eggs. — Lately, Mr. George Lyall, of Clarence Town, forwarded to Mr. John Gillies, M.JLJ., West Maitland, a parcel containing thirtepn snake eggs, which were found iu a nest at the Tea Gardens. On opening one of the eggs, Mr. Lyall found it to contain a lively young snake, thirteen inches in length. Mr. Gillies has handed the eggs to Mr. Win. Yeates, caretaker of the Maitland Technological Museum, who opened another of the eggs in the presence of several gentlemen, andf rom this was procured a snake twelve inches long. Tho remaining eggs are to be preserved by Mr. Yeates, who will be pleased to show them to any person desirous of seeing them. Death of Mrs. Elizabeth Yeomans. It is our sad duty to chronicle the death of Mrs. Eliza- beth Yeomans, of "The Grange," West Maitland, relict of the late Mr. George Yeomans, which took place in a very sudden manner at her residence this morning. The deceased lady was 82 years of age, but enjoyed good health up to the time of her death. She was to have paid a visit to Sydney last Tuesday, but owing to the wet weather put the visit off, and intended going to-morrow. She rose in her usual health this morning, and had a hearty breakfast. At half-past ten she was in the act of writing to the Rev. Herbert Vindin, of Sydney. Her attendant coming into the room, observed that she was leaning over the table with her head lying upon it. She tried to arouse the old lady, but failing, called Mrs. Schulzen and Mrs. Lloyd, two of the lady's widowed sisters, who resided with her. They, thinking their sister had simply swooned, tried to restore her, but failing sent for Dr. R.G. Alcorn, who at once came and pronounced that life had fled, the cause being disease of the heart. In the late Mrs. Yeomans this town loses one of its oldest residents. She came to Maitland in 1826, sixty-eight years ago, and has resided here since. She and her hus- band were intimately connected with the early history of the town, as her father was with the neighbouring one of Singleton. Mrs. George Vindin, of West Maitland, is also a sister of the late Mrs. Yeomans. The deceased lady was a very liberal contributor to St. Mary's Church, West Maitland, to which parish she belonged, and the sister church also was not forgotten by her. She was a benevolent woman, and the charitable institutions and the poor of the town will lose in her a generous benefactor. This afternoon the bells at St. Mary's Church chimed a muffled peal out of respect for the deceased lady, and it will be seen elsewhere that her funeral will take place to-morrow. Death from Diphtheria. — A little girl named Ellen Sams, five years of age, daughter of a resi dent of Cessnock, died in tho Maitland Hospital on Monday morning. She was admitted to the insti tution about ten days ago suffering from diphtlierin, I but noth withstanding every possible care and atten tion on the part of the nursing and medical stuff, the poor child succumbed to this malignant disease. NAitRAniti Weather Report. — Since our last report we have had a change of weather, which will effect a transformation in the face of nature so far as this district is concerned. In and around Narrabri the fall of rain between Wednesday morn ing and Friday morning may be said to be pheno menal for this district, no less than CG3 points be ing recorded up to 9 o'clock on Friday morning. The most remarkable feature about this rainfall is its extremely partial and patchy character. For instance, while '2 inches of rain fell in Narrabri on Thursday morning, Millie and Pilliga had only 10 points, and even places but a few miles from Nar rabri, such as the Little Mountain, had none worth speaking of, while Moree and Mungindi had none at all. This was to some extent compensated for on Thursday night, when Moree scored 359 points, but even then the fall was not very evenly dis tributed, for while Narrabri had 311 points, Bog gabri had only 40 points, and Wee Waa only 31, while Gunnedah and Werris Creek had nil. There is one circumstance ill connection with this rainfall, so far as Narrabri is concerned, which tends to very greatly increase its value as a means of promoting vegetation, viz., that tho temperature has not fallen to any appreciable extent. During Friday in particular the atmosphere was warm and moist — in fact, muggy, — much resembling the sort of weather that is often experienced in Sydney and other stations near the sea coast. This can hardly be said to be pleasant weather. Human beings don't like it as a rule, but for all that it is pre eminently profitable in a pastoral district. It makes the pastures grow almost by magic, and goes far towards providing food for stock during the coming winter. For pastoral purposes it could hardly be better if it were made expressly to order. A few inches of rain now while the ground still retains a largo proportion of the heat it absorbed during the summer months is worth immeasurably more than double the quantity would be after the winter frosts have set in. — Herald, March 10. A Housekeeper's Pleasure. — The New Solid White Metal Spoons and Forks are easier kept clean than any other. They never discolour, and are finished equal to best silver, and make the table look elegant. J. Hart, of West Maitland, is the direct Importer, and offers them at the wholesale price. Table Spoons and ForkB, 13s 6d per dozen ; Dessert, 10s Gd ; Tea Spoons, 5s Gd. Order by post. 0174 An American Reporter on Patti. — An American critic thus describes the effect of Patti'a singing : — Patti was singing ' Home, Sweet Home.' There was a breathless silence throughout that vast audience as those sweet, pure, liquid tones floated through the hall and kissed the ears — mingling in harmony with the mental music of childish prattle and voices of wife and mother, associations as beautiful as they were sacred. Tears were in the eyes of hundreds as the last note softly died into an echo. The applause broke forth spontaneously ' from every nook an 3 corner of that immense hall, and surged like a flood from pit to dome. ' She doesn't put any flub-dubs on it, does she?' re marked a lady who sat next to the Pickings man, aR she bent over toward her companion Flub-dubs on ' Home, Sweet Home !' What are flub-dubs ? Jilting. — The Saturday Review of January 20 kas an article on the 'Ethics o,f Jilting.' 'We have heard' (says the writer) ' a man severely spoken of as one ' who trifled with the feelings of married ladies.' This delightful expression, itself coined by a married lady, is full o£ moral matter. The more one reflects on it, the more do ethical questions of a novel and perplexing nature appear on the moral horizon. For instance, have married ladies any ritjht to feelings?' If they have 'feel ings,' what should the conduct of the person blamed have been in that regard ? To trifle with the feel ings of unmarried ladies we all admit, theoretically, to be wrong ; but what moral code condemns it ? We may be told that tho Golden Rule applies to this as to all the other circumstances of life. We should do to others as we wish that others should do to us. But, with submission, we venture to doubt whether tho Golden Rule does help us here. Let each man remember the days of his youth. He would, we think, have decidedly preferred that Miss Brown should trifle with bis feelings than that she should leave his feelings entirely alone, and pass him by as one in maiden meditation, fancy free. It is much more pleasant to have a day on a salmon-river when several fish ' come short' than a day without a rise at all. The salmon have trifled with our fly and our feelings ; but, * 'tis better to have hooked and lost than never to have hooked at all.' And it is proverbially better to have loved and lost (the object 'coming short' as it were) than never to have loved at all. Men are usually hard on a man jilt. They say he ought to be kicked, and here we are entirely with them. But ladies usually defend the sinner. They say they would rather be jilted than married by a wooer whose heart had flitted elsewhere or was not thoroughly interested in the whole concern. Men, at least in novels, do not seem to be so particular. This, of course, complicates tho question terribly. Thus regarded a man may jilt, because ladies, speaking in the abstract, say that they prefer this line of conduct. Woman may not jilt, because man wants to marry her, whether or no, and chance it, being confident in his power of winning her heart in tho postnuptial style, so common in fiction. These are imong tho merely elementary difficulties of a great jeglected, uncultivated field in the moral universe.' New Australia Victims. — A further letter from Mr. Pope to the South Australian Register, from Villa Kica, dated Christmas Day, states that the eviction of the expelled members of tho ' New Australia' settlement reminded one of nothing so much as an illustration depicting similar events in Ireland. Many women and some of the men were in tears, while every face in the crowd showed the deepest concern. A few hours after the evic tion a notice was posted to the effect that families desiring to leave would bo allowed XG 5s for a man and his wife, with half that amount for each child, and single mon JC-i lGs. During the day 15 mar ried couples and 7 single men intimated their in tention to take advantage of the offer. Altogether, the people who have left the association have paid in al»out XI, GOO, and received back something under .£300. There are now in Villa Rica 31 souls who have left the settlement. Mr. Pope ldds : ' It is now, when we are gathered together in Villa Rica, t'10 utter hopelessness of our posiaon has come upon us with all its force, and we cannot hide from ourselves that we are in a very tight place indeed. But all are hopeful and agreed to remain here together for a few days until we get information and advice as to the best course to pursue. Tho circumstances had been placed before the British consul and Mr. Finlay, secretary to the British legation in Buenos Ayres. The latter advised that we should draw up a scheme of pro posed reconciliation, but he was assurad that there could be no possibility of inducing the wives to return, even it' the men were inclined to it. Mr. Finlay agreed to send a telegram to the Minister at Buenos Ayres, who would transmit it to the homo authorities.' Mr. Pope further says that, finding that enrolment had not been going on briskly, Mr. Lane decided to send a man back to Australia to revive interest in the movement among tho shearers in Queensland, and Mr. Whalan had been selected for this purpose. CnuicKsnANK and a Burglar — An encounter George Cruiekshank, the caricaturist, had with a burglar, is told by Mr. John Cordy Jenffreson in his Book of Recollections (Hurst and Blackett). Cruiek shank was in his 67th year, but vigorous and bravo: — 'The thief was a strong aod active man, and knew how to wrestle. The victory in the affair would be with the man who in the coming fall should find his adversary beneath him. Should he. fall upon the fellow, George was certain he could make him prisoner. On the other hand, George had reason to fear that, if he were the one to be thrown, so capable an enemy as the thief would seize a moment for stunning him with a strong blow. But though it put the old artist's strength, activity, endarance, and science to severe trial, the affair went well with him from first till la3t. With out help he captured the burglar, who, on recover ing his feet after the critical fall, knew from the way in which he was held that he was for a moment at his captor's mercy. The capture having been made, George Cruiekshank saw two policemen, with unmasked bull's-eyes at their belts, enter the garden. From the first moment of this trying affair George's wits had hppn nf*. liis nnmmnnd. On his first view of the burglar, even as he crossed the threshold of his home, he shouted to a policeman, to whom he had spoken two or three minutes before in the main road. He had taken thought to leave his front door open when lie went through the dark ened house in pursuit of the thief, so that the policeman whom he had summoned might come to his aid as quickly and easily as possible.' Sheei' Directors, Etc. — The following gentle men have been appointed directors on the nomina tion of the Chief Inspector _'of stock : — Pilliga — J. B. Rundle, Keelendi, Pilliga, sheep director ; R. R. Doyle, Bungle Gully, Pilliga, pasture director. Walgett — R. W. Chase, Llauillo, Walgett ; R. J. Higgins, Warren Downs, Walgett ; George Foster, Mercadool, Walgett, sheep directors ; J'. S. Gordon, Brewan, Walgett ; James Quin, Yarreldool, Pilliga, pasture direetsrs. Maitland — Samuel Clift, East Maitland; James F. Doyle, Kaludah, Lochinvar ; Joseph Cooper, Trevallyn, Greaford ; G. A. Eckford, East Maitland ; G. S. Waller, the Grange, Wallarobba; — sheep directors; — Robert Logan, Toryburn, Gresford ; W. H. Holmes, Oakendale, Glen Oak; Win. Fisher, Brandon, Seaham, pasture directors. Port Stephens — Chas. F. Holmes, Manchester, Gloucester; Adam Herkes, Wingham, Taree; T. D. Andrews, Maryvale, Woo3side ; John Williams, Ifanthi, Gloucester ; A. T. Lawrie, Rawdon Vale, — sheep directors ; — James Hooke, Dungog ; W. H. Etberidge, Gloucester ; W. H. Mackay, Anambah, Maitland, pasture directors. Port Macquarie — James S. Ducat, Moonaba, Sherwood ; James B. Mclver, Willi Willi, Glonrock ; W. D. Scott, Mo parrabab, Glenrock ; George G. Wilson, Roliand's Plains; John C. Mclntyre, Port Macquarie, sheep directors; Robert Campbell, Warneton ; John Knauer, Frederickton ; Lachlan Lindsay, Hunt ingdon, pasture directors. Warialda — John Crane, Kelly's Gully, Warialda, pasture di rector. Singleton — George Loder, Abbey Green, Singleton ; John Alford, Maryville, Jerry's PlainB ; R. A. Hill, Ravensworth; R. T. Blaxland, Ford wich, Broke; P. J. C. M'Douall, Whittingham, sheep directors ; — Robert Faulkner, Lairmount, Singleton ; H. Rourke, Cheshnnt, Singleton ; C. W. Doyle, Goorangoola, pasture directors. The following gentlemen have been elected directors Coonamble — James Patrick, Myall Park,'; H. J. Ryder,, Calgal ; J. A. Ibbott, Pier Peir; R. M. Ronald, Nebea; Mark Herrmann, Kialgra, sheep directors; — James Wood, Warin gerong ; J. \T. Hellmann, Beanbah ; W. H. Keogh, Warrana, pasture directors. Narrabri — J. B. Brodic, Boolcarrol ; Alfred BrowD, Tarriaro ; Alfred Farrand, Baan Baa; W. A. Gordon, Edgeioi; E. H. Wall, Stud Paddock, sheep directors; — L. Brennan, The Brai; Gue. Williams, Narrabri ; G. R. Watnon, Spring Plain, pasture directors. Walgett — W. C. Langhorne, Oreel ; Thomas Clark, Gamalally, sheep directors ; J. Fitr. G. Ryan, Kandilla, pasture director. Pilliga — B. D. Barton, Burren ; C. A. Long, Drill dool; J. C. Campbell, Bullerawa; J. C. Moore, Bngilbone, sheep directors; — Andrew Buchanan, Millie ; Sydney Powell, Lower Drilldool, pasture directors. The Best Wat to Preserve the Sight. — It i3 very important that every person should study well how to preserve such a precious and priceless gift as Good Sight. From various causes in a climate like that of Australia, most people suffer in some way from defective or impaired vision. There is one way to remedy this evil, and that is by studying N. Lazarus' pamphlet ' How to Preserve the Sight,' which will be sent post free on application to the undersigned, who is the sole agent for Maitland District, for Lazarus' world famed optical goods. — A. Hermes, Practical Watchmaker and Jeweller, High-street, iWest Mait land. G797 Trustees op Commons. — Tho following gentle men have been appointed Trustees of Commons : — Curlewis Temporary Common : Messrs. George Doolan, James Ellicott, Henry Pike, William Perry, Robert Doolan. Wollombi Common : Messrs. Giles Bourne, Edmund Bourne, John Coady, Denis Kenny, sen., George Chapman. Late News by Cable. — London, March 13 and 14 : In tho House of Commons the Government has been defeated by two votes on an amendment moved by Mr. Labouchero on tho Address in Reply. Mr. Labouchere's amendment was to the effect that an address be presented to the Queen asking her Majesty toexercise her prerogative with tho view of preventing the House of Lords rejecting bills previously passed by the Lower House. In oppos ing the amendment, Sir William Harcourt, Chan cellor of the Exchequer, ridiculed the creation of 600 peers, which he declared would virtually bo the result of the exercise of the Royal prerogative in the direction demanded. Tho amendment was carried by 147 votes to 145. The division was taken earlier than was expec.ed. Seventy-three Irish members voted with the majority, and the extreme Radicals supported Mr. Labouchere's amendment. The Unionist members present voted with the Government. At an inter view afterwards between Sir William Harcourt and the Irish party an actual rupture was averted. An impression prevails that Lord Rosebery means to approach Home Rule in a federal spirit and as part of a wide plan of decentralisation. — It is implied that Liverpool will be the terminus of the now Atlantic steam service. — The betting is 7 to 2 on Oxford against Cambridge in the boatrace. — H.M.S. Crescent, which lately broke down and was repaired, has again been disauled. — Tho insurgents at Rio de Janeiro have surrendered unconditionally. Williams River Agricultural and Horti cultural Association. — We have received from the secretary tho members' pamphlet issued by this society. It contains the schedule of prizes offered for competition at the eighth show to be held on May 2 and 3 at Dungog. Mons. Wiegand at the Wesletan Church. — Our readers are reminded of the organ recital to bo given in the Wesleynn Church next Tuesday even ing by Mons. Wiegand, tho Sydney City Organist. So renowned a player ought to attract a great audience, and the authorities of the church hope, ns there is to bo no charge for admission, that the proceeds of tho collection may be generous. Con siderable expenso has been incurred in connection with the visit of M. Wiegand, and as the funds of the church need help, the liberality of visitors who will be regaled with sweet sounds, is confidently appealed to. Australian Konet. — A writer in The Colonies and India says : — ' I am glad to see in a well known organ of the London grocery trade a latter from Mr. John Plummer. of Sydney, on the subject of Australian honey. Thence it would appear that ore long this fine food will be following in the wake of New South Wales dairy produce, as the 40,000 1 hives of the parent colony are now producing nearly a mil lion pounds a year. Most of r.he honey that comes into the United Kingdom is terribly adulter ated, and I have no doubt that Antipodean honey, if once favourably placed on the home markets, would be greatly liked.' Mr. Plummer, whose name is favourably known in the United Kingdom, 1ms had many letters in the leading British papers, vigor ously upholding the credit of the colony, and dircctiug attention to its many resources and capa bilities. Shaving Made East. — Don't hack your face with ontside brands of razors, but write to J. Hart, of West Maitland, the direct importer of the world famed Joseph Rodgers and Sons' reliable razors, full size 7s Gd medium 63 (post free). They have been before the world since 17G4, and now stand top of the tree, which is the best evidence of merit. With them shaving is a pleasure, as they -are all carefully set ready for use and require nothing but stropping to keep them so for yearB. 0174 Reserve at Ratmond Terrace. — Tho Gazette oi March 2 contains regulations for the management of the recreation grounds at Raymond Terrace. District Courts. — District Courts are to be held hereafter twice a year at Walgett, Warren, Coonamble, and Coonabarabran, instead of three times a year, as formerly. The Presryterian Church and the Rev. James Benvie. — We have been asked to print the following by the Secretary to the Committee: — ' At a meeting of the Committee bf Management of tho West Maitland Presbyterian Church, held last Tuesday evening, 13th instant, the Committee approved of the conduct of the Rev. J, Benvie in his evidence in the late trial at Newcastle, and expressed their confidence in him as a Christian Minister.' Too Literal. — A German student, wrestling with the English language, is said to have rendered a text as follows: 'The ghost is willing, but the meat is feeble.' The Proceedings op Parliament This Week. — On Tuesday the Assembly did nothing important. Its principal business was the mssintr of a resolu tion affirming the desirableness of appointing an expert commissioner to investigate the fisheries of New South Wales. The coalmining members, in a thin House, got a select committee to inquire into the working of the collieries — a manifest election eering move. The Legislative Council on Wednesday and Thursday proceeded slowly with the Mining on Private Lands bill, and dealt with one or two minor measures ; the Assembly on those days was chiefly engaged with the Estimates. The military vote on Wednesday occupied the whole night, and a certain degree of friction existing between the Chief Secretary and Major-General Hutton was revealed. Tho Major-General had sent the Prime Minister a report, but because he also sent a copy to the Governor, who is Commander-in-Chief, Sir George Dibbs sent it back. The Supplementary Estimates were taken on Thursday. The Com mittee, it may be added, reduced the military vote by .£3000. Dubbo Weather Report. — The weather during j the week has been changeable. It commenced to rain on Tuesday morning early, and at intervals during the day there were light showers. On Wed nesday morning it also rained, and through the day showers, more or loss heavy, fell at intervals. This rain, following what we recently had, will be very opportune, and prove of good service, not only for pastoral, but farming purposes. Feed is plenti ful on all sides, and there is now no danger of the winter supply being short. Stock of all description are looking very well. There are few passings. A better demand has sprung up for sheep. — Dispatch, March 9. 