FIFTY LASHES. Br Atha Westbust. CHAPTER I. A full summer moon overhead, casting bars of soft sheen athwart the trees in the pnbiic domain, Auckland, New Zealand. On a rustic bench, beneath the wide spread ing branches of a giant kauri pine, eat a half- caste Maori girl, and by her side a tall, hand some youth, wearing the dark blue uniform of Caversbam's Horse. No Spanish gipsy could boast a more glorious beauty ot taoe and form than Kiora Selby. Her mother — daughter of the old Maori chieftain, Te Puki, fell in love with and married one Tom Selby, a sergeant in the 6 — th Regiment, and with her hand came many broad acres in the moat fertile valleys of the Waikato, which the old soldier soon converted into a good payable estate. While . Kiora was yet a child her mother died, whereupon Tom Selby bought a snug villa outside the city, and sent his daughter to a boarding school until she be came old enough to take charge of his house hold. 44 And so you are going to-morrow, Charlie,11 she said timidly, at the same time toying nervonsly with her companion's palm between her own shapely hands. 44 Must it really be to-morrow ?" "Really and truly, Kiora," he answered. 41 The horses were put aboard early this even ing, and we sail to-morrow at daylight." 44 Howdre&dfal; this war is," she says in a low tone. 41 Ah ! dreadful, indeed, my darling, but we must not stand idly by, and eec those mad , fanatics the rebels murder and pluoder innocent people. Since Rewi was driven ontof the Waikato, the Government have done all in their power to induce the dis satisfied Maories to lay down their arms, and to live at peace with their Pakeha neigh bors, bnt you see it is of no avaiL Tipore and his crazy brother have roused the Taran&ki; tribes to open rebellion, and by so doing have unfortunately prevented one, Charles Stanton, from enjoying his Christmas dinner nnder the same root as Kiora Selby. 4 Dear Charlie, no one can regret that mis fortune more than poor Kiora," she answers, softly. Charlie laughs lightly, then stoops for ward, until his mooftache reaches Kiora 's ripe red lips, and — well the moon only knows what took place, for she was watching them. Her Moonship eees many things that lovers wot of. On this lovely evening there was no exception to the rule, for Bhe observed, close by where Charlie and his companion billed and cooed at each other the form of a man, crouching low down behind a thick shrub, which completely hid him from the eyes of those he was evidently watching — a man with a pale, vile looking face, which peered out of them from the screen of foliage with a savage gleam in his eyes. The apparel of the eaves-dropper was similar to that worn by the girl's companion, save that he had three narrow golden stripes upon his coat sleeve at the wrist, which bespoke the man a non-commissioned officer. During a long chat, each as lovers usually indulge in, the watcher never stirred from his bent position ; bnt listened to every word uttered with a greed that was born of deep and absorbing interest. It was only when Kiora rose to de part that he drew farther into the shade, aud in eo doing made a noise which attracted the girl's attention. "What was that, Charlie'?" she cried, nestling hereelf close to the side of that gentleman, and gazing round iu alarm. 41 What is the matter, dear ?" 44 Did you not hear a rustling noise ? It Bounded close to that bash there," she said. 44 Sweet Kiora, yon are filled with strange fancies to-night," no said, gaily. 44 First, it was a shooting star, big with evil portent for me ; now it is a noise as of some lurking assassin. Pooh ! my girl ; there is nothing save, perohance, some grasshopper looking for its mate." 44 Ob, onarue ! l would give all 1 poseeSB in the world to prevent you going to Tara- naki," she said, with sudden energy. 44 Nonsense, why?" 14 Because I have got one morbid fancy that when we part to-night it will be for ever.'' 44 My darling, I—" 44 Listen to me, Charlie. Do you believe in dreams?" 44 Dreams, certainly. I believe ihey are dreams ; nothing more.'' The maiden nestled her small head, crowned with a coronet of raven hair, closer to his breast, and looking np at him with her large eyes, said, 44 1 had a terrible dream the sight before last— a dream in which I saw what took plaoe as plain as I can see those trees before me now." 44 What did you see, Kiora ?" 41 An encampment of armed men, situate on the margin of a lovely lake, and sur rounded on every, hand by high rugged hills, treeless and barren in the extreme," she responded, in a low hushed tone. ucjwuu uib reuts| uu a greeu dohjl1 ot sward, my dream disclosed a solid sqnare of glittering bayonets, in the centre of which were three posts standing up right On those cruel stakes a man was being mm band and foot, to be flogged like a slave. My God, it was terrible." The trooper put his arm about the slender form of his companion, for she had begun to shiver like one in a fit of ague. 44 Did you recognise the features of the un fortunate fellow at the triangles?" he asked presently. "I did." 44 And you knew him?" 44 Yes." 44 Who was he, Kiora?" 4> Yourself, Charlie ! Oh : the unutterable anguish depicted there. Oh I the' misery, and the despair, and the sickening, dreadful blows that fell upon my ears like some shud dering horror, too great for mortal heart to bear ! Yet I was oompelled to gaze until the dreadful work was ended. Then I hAard a loud sbont away towards the cliffs, and look ing thence, beheld a great horde ot Maoris rush like a mighty avalanche upon the square of aimed men, and diapsrse it into a hundred fragments, lb en all became cbaoe and con fusion, intermingled with shouts and cries, and a vision of the man who had been degraded mounted upon a saddle and bridleless horse, his bare and bleeding back glistening con- spiouoosly above the crowded melee, until tossed to and fro like a worthless waif, be went down amid the tide of battle, and I saw him no more.1' Charlie Stanton stood silent for a minute. A feeling of some nameless dread began to steal over him at Kiora's recital, bnt he shook it off and replied in a bantering way ; 44 Dreams are all my eye, sweetheart. In deed, it has been ssid by some crusty old bachelors that dreams are like ladies— they follow the rule of contrary. Come, hold up ycrar head, my dear. I shall return to yon era the new year is many weeks old with all my honors tbiok upon me." 44 1 sincerely trust yon may, my dear Charlie," said the girl, with a fond look, in whioh there was yet the sadness of her ugly dream outlined, and then as if anxious to chance the subject she added, 44 Look, how beautiful everything seems under the sheen of the moon. What a lovely night." They went out into the soft glow arm in arm— she pleadingfor hiB promise, he laugh ingly resisting her. Onward, down the green slopes, strewn with murky shadows that seemed to swallow them np and leave no trace behind. By-and-bye the larking figure came forth from his lair, and stood up in the full light of uie moon— a iau, u«ra uu nuooi uurxy years of age, faoe sallow and closely shaven, displaying a wide, sensual month and strong, determined jaw, filled with firm white teeth. 4 4 So here you are, Sergeant Clement Exley, playing the spy," be muttered, apos trophising himself, a sinister gleam in bis eye the while. 44 Why, who would have thought the ring-doves would seleot th'e spot for their senseless chatter— almost under my nose? Humph! my limbs are rooked vkb pam una crump, oouoona mem now. What the devil can (mere be about ftia weak, fooling dandy, that she should prefer him to a better man? Aye, one who cares more for her than he does." He stood with folded arms a moment, watching the direction they had taken. 44 There yen go, Charlie Stanton, with the whip hand of me, bnt take oare, my lad, I don't oheokm&te; yon. For ten years yon and I have been what modern society calls friends, Charlie ; but modern society little dreams how I bate yonr friendship. , It has robbed me of many things I had set my heart 1 on, even the love of this proud wenoh — who has thought fit to treat my advances with scorn and insult, since you have taken the field. Charlie, mon cher. ' Well, well ! I am content to bide my time, Kiora Selby. Dreams have been fulfilled ere this. I have the cne, my weak-minded spark ; and it shall go hard, but I will use it to advantage, when opportunity offers. He followed in the wAke of the lovers with a flow and meditative step, his head bent, and his hands clasped behind bis back. 4 4 If my friend Stanton has one trait in his character more prominent than another it is an easy, simple belief in the truth and good ness of his fellows," he muttered. "No fool's paradise too great for Charlie. I have made a study of the man, not because I love him — but because he is my opposite — a soft humbog, that cannot say No, for the life of him. Charlie, mon ami. you are as the potter's clay to my hand. Let me Bee if I oannotplay you against charming Kiora Selby and her broad acres." Sergeant Exley, of Carersham's Horse, quickened his pace, crossed the park and entered Darnell, thenoe his walk became Blower, until he reached Shortland Place Here lie halted and stood watching the front of a pretty villa on the opposite Bide of the way. There must have been something very attractive here toengagetbeSergeant'eatten- tion, for he remained on the spot close on two hours. He was still watching and waiting, when a young man istued from the house, f bumming a favorite operatic air. 44 Hallo, Charlie ! well met, dear boy. Where have you been ?" cried Exley, in a surprised yet pleasant tone. 14 Just ran over to bid the Selby's good bye, " replied Stanton. 44 But what are you doing down ibis way, Exley?" 44 Ah ! taking a walk nnder the moon to view the city. I guess we shan't have another opportunity to view the spires of Auckland by moonlight for some time to come. Truth is, Charlie, I'm glad to have met you." 44 Why, pray ?" 44 Because I was just making my way to the Albion, where I've promised to meet one or two jolly fellows to take a parting glasr. You will join me, of course ?" 14 My dear Exley, nothing would give me greater pleasure." 44 Come along, then, it is late." The nur weot arm and arm through the silent streets. Stanton happy in the thought of his sweetheart ; Exley, quiet brooding — like a man who feels Iris way to some un known goal. CHAPTER II. Thera are few scenes in New Zealand more grandly rugged than the Oban Valley, Tara- naki, the spot where the volunteers bad fixed their bivouac on tbe 24th of December, in anticipation of meeting the rebel Maoris. It was Christmas Eve, the time night, a calm lovely night, with moon and stars studding the dark blue canopy of heaven — as on the night of the advent of the Master, nearly nineteen hundred years ago. The camp was composed of six hundred rank and file of the Auckland Rifles, to gether with one troop of Caveraham' Horse. The latter had pitched their tents on a small hill adjacent to where the commissariat stores had been piled and covered over by a large tarpaulin. Of the sixty men of the troop, tor of tbeir number had been toldoff as a guard, under the charge of Sergeant Exley. The supply of grog and provisions are only limited and needed but one sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them. There were six quarter casks of ram standing in a row flank ing the stores. The sergeant called the gnard together about the watchfireand said : 44 Comrades, I need hardly remind you of ibe general order issued this moraine. We are under martial law here in the field. Colonel Bartopp, as yon all know, is a very .stance officer, and will punish the slightest neglect or carelessness with severity. Mind that, and, above all, remember that any mau found neglecting bis duty will most assuredly go to the triangles. You understand ?" They appeared to understand very well ; they glanced towards tho rampuuebeons, and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to oon- cern himself about their welfare. There were others about the tire who did not be long to the guard. One, a shrt, broad- shouldered, jolly-looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean than terra- firma, if one might judge by his gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and while the sergeant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp pot on the rongh nose of a magnificent water , spaniel at his side. The experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare-legged Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with gaping mouth. The hoy, who answered to the nom de guerre of 44 Sandfly," was one of that gender fcnown as a camp-tag ana general Knock about among the troopers He oonld speak English pretty well, so tar as lying went, and was withal one of the most mischievous young vagabonds in Maoiiland. As the night waxed apace, there arose a keen east wind, which made the air biting cold and set the white tents shivering like so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for some place of shelter for the night, found a snug corner beneath the tarpaulin which oovered the stores, and there retired to rest without more ado. The party round the fire gradu ally thinned until only two persons remained seated by it — Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. - It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed between these twain, yet no men were more opposite io personand disposition. The one handsome, gentlemanly, and refined in bearing, bnt weak and yielding to the verge of pusillanimity. _ The other coarse, plain of ball-dog. How came these two to be friends? Simply through one little act of kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold " Te Ranga," Bob Cable lay bleeding to death outside the enemy's trench, from a severe gash in hie side, received daring the attaok. The volunteers were repulsed, bnt at the risk of his life Charlie Stanton walked coolly out to the trench, and brought in the wounded man upon Ms back, amidBt a per fect hailstorm of Maori bullets. It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob bad often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. And here they rit by the fire, with the dog between them, and a small flask of rum whioh has been emptied to the dregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. Presently there is a call for number four of the guard. Charlie Stanton riBes hurriedly, wishes Cable 44 Good-night,' ana answers 44 Here." it is his turn for sentry, and he is-uurohed ovtr to relieve the man posted on the stores. Silence now reigns throughout the camp, save for the wild screech of t»e pelew- out yonder by (he lake. Sandfly, crouched under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from bis rosy-dreams, by the sound of voices in the vicinity. The Maori noise lessly lifts cme end of . the covering, said peeps forth. Sergeant Exley is standing with a pannikin io his hand, talking to the sentry in ; a low, earnest tone. 44 Indeed, Charlie, I see no great barm in takings glass of grog on enoh a cold sight. We are not in town, where it oonld be easily obtained, therefore one mnat get. itby stealth. yji couree, you are on sentry, ana can pre vent my taking any, but I most say a small half pint out xd one of these casks would nover be missed." 14 Perhaps not," answered Charlie Stanton carelessly. 44 Pray do as you pleat yo have command, of the guard; out I say, Exley, what about that lecture you gave us respecting General Orders and Colonel Bar - topp's stern discipline?" - - - The sergeant laughed in a quiet way and repueu, » ui unui you re promoiea Charlie, then adopt my pjaa.? Oueridetor the men, the other for you friends. Surely you were not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined to roar sometimes e.t all the fuss and humbog pat forth in General , Orders or otherwise. Red tape and bunkum. Bunkum and red tape, to the end of the chapter. I'll bet Colonel Bartoon has I not retired to his tent without a skinful of j good liquor. Why then should wecomrade, who have to watoh through the long night I in this sharp wind, not wet our Whistle, when I it is here ready at our hand ?' 44 Bravo, Exley 1 Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one tomedfiis with the except the quartermaster, but, I repeat, you are my superior officer and— there are the oashs." 44 Good. This fellow here seems a' little apoplectic. We will bleed him." 44 With all my heart, but how will ytra do it, through bis bunghole ? " cried Charlie, laughing." 44 No! Only a bungler would go to work that way. See here, 1 have a giratet. Now, keep watoh while I spile this fellow's frontis piece." Clement Exley cast a triumphant look at his companion ere he went down on his knees to bore the rum puncheon. Had the good- natured inconstant dupe seen that look _ he would have thought twice before hobnobbing with the snbtle and crafty scoundrel before him. Rut flhariiA fttAntnfi. mAKBURDff IttSC by his own standard, saw nothing in it save a good fellow in want of a nobbier, and who had pluck enengh to hazard bis sergeant's stripes for it. Crawling from his lair as silently eb a ser pent, Sandfly beheld Exley holding the panni kin under a thin stream issuing from one of the casks. How the liquor hissed and gur gled as it spouted into the pot. When the utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb to the hole until the Sergeant plugged it np again. 44 Now, comrade, take a nip." 44 After you," said Charlie politely. ' 4 The girls we left behind us," and the ser- \ geant pat the liquor to his lips, but he did < not drink any , 41 I'll give that pledge with all my heart,' responded Charlie, in proof of which he almost emptied the panaifein at a draught. It took away his breath for the moment, but that was nothing, the night was oold. 41 What do you say, shall we refill the gob let, Stanton ?" 44 By all means, Exley," and the pot was replenished. 44 1 did not expect we were going to have such a jolly time in general," said the sentry, seating himself on one of the puncheons, with the c&o; of rum between his knees. 44 Come, Clem, take a sip and pass the decauter." In a short time the measure was again empty, and onoe more refilled. The fury spirit was at least twenty degrees over proof, aud soon began to tell on the trooper. 44 Wfl mnet Im miiijoiis. comrade, and not aronse the sleeping guard," said the sergeant, as Charlie became rather noisy. 44 It is now past midnight, and I don't expect the visit ing officer before four o'clock." 4 4 Oh, bother the visiting rounds— pass the pannikin, Clem." 44 1 suppose you don't mind my reliev ing you when your two hours are np, Charlie?" 44 Not at all. I am oontent to remain here until daylight, providing you leave me the gimlet. Here's your health, Clem, and may you live to be a general." The Sergeant watched him with glittering eyes. 44 Steady, comrade, yon will be tipsy," be said. 44 1? Nonsense. Here, hold my carbine ; the pot is empty." One a.m. by the sergeant's watch, and the sereeant' companion is growing thick of speech and rather proy. In another half- hour the poor dupe is staggering about. The sergeant watches him — watches him fall prone down, sight and senses gone. Then Exley knows that the bird is roared — the rat safe in the trap. The officer of the night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At three a.m. the commiftfiarifti. guard turned out at his summons, and was dismissed as correct. 44 How many sentries hnve you, Sergeant Exley?1 44 Only one, captain." 44 1 will visit him." Tt was nsiial for two men of the cuard and the non -commissioned officer in charge to aocompany the officer when visiting the sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted the captain over to the stores, bnt, of pourse, there was no one twchallenge their approach, 44 Halt!" cried the officer, <4how's this? Where is yonr man, sergeant ?" he asked in a tone of surprise. Before the question ooold be answered the Maori lad emerged from his hiding place and pointed oat the dark inert form of the tipsy sentinel, stretched upon the .ground fast asleep. A light was brought from the hnt and they tried to rouse him,- but in- vain. There appeared no need to enquire -how the nm> cot drunk on his post. The leaking cask, the gimlet the pa1"'"" half- foil of liquor on the gronnd beside him told its own tale plainly. 44 Tins is a very unfortunate -matter," cried the sergeant, with .well-feigned regret in bis time. 44 What is to be done, sir?" 44 Done! Why, your duty. Sergeant , F.tIav. of oourse' responded the captain. 44 Carry the poor devil to the guard -tent, and put another in his stead. I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return,1' Homing came with its romp blush, tinging the hilltops and kissing the sleeping encamp ment into renewed life. It found Sergeant Exley pacing moodily before the guard tent where his unfiartnuate victim layalumbering off tbe fumes of intoxication. 44 Is this but the prelude to her dream? he muttered. 4 4 Gaa, it would seem eo. Here are the circle of hills around, bare and treeless, overlooking the valley. Yonder the Oban Lake gleaming in the early eon, like a banished shield. What 'mote ? Shall the oortain rise to-day upon the first act of the dream?— the formed square, and the man tied to the triangles ? We shall see. PhuyKw Stanton, it would have been well had you or I never aero Kiora Selby, Poor wretch, sleep on. When thon wakest thou wilt see the cat ready ; and sow to match an hoor's-rect." He turned into the tent, and at that moment the voioeof Sandfly, was heard calling for- Snap, the retriever, who ran frisking towards the lad in great glee, and the pair raced down, the hill towards the tent occupied by Bob Cable. (TO BE CONTD»UED.) 