T0RF GOSSIP. Br Tbrukga. Now that the bifr meeting is over we can look back and take a careful survey of the three-fear-old position. Preston's defeat of Dreamland and Malachite in the Spring Stakes oa Saturday was so decisive that some people at once said, " Why didn't he ran In She Derby 1 He most have won." 1 think Mr. Albert Miller woold have fancied Preston against the pick of the oolte on Saturday, bat my reading of the position is that their previous efforts dating the week had taken all the steel oat of Malachite and Dreamland, and the place occupied by The Enchanter, who Cdtfld not ttiake Mr. Lloyd's coit gallop at Caadfield, bears me oat in this opinion. Malachite ran badly in the Melbourne Cup, and looked very tacked ap and oat of sorts Ob Saturday. He is a delicate colt, and Hie Derby race was enough for him. Dream land was running his fourth race, and al though bO looked well enough in the pad dock, he went sore in his preliminary, and his refusal So |ote the other horses at the post seemed to say plainly enough that whatever his trainer might think he (Dream land} Ichew fhut he had had more racing than whs good for him, and had no wish to moke another effort to recover his lost hands. Preston, on the other hand, was as ft «s lands couki make him, the rac ing he had dense not having affected him, for the simple reason that he w a fit horse when the campaign began, and the ktmefcing about he hod received (and, no heme got more knocked about in the Cup): had left no ill effects behind Had Preston, belonged to an owner more anxious to gain! Otesaic honours than Mr. S. Miller, he would, no doubt, have token part in the Derby, j Preston's owttera, however, have an tfe to; the main ehanoe, and did not cave to run into a plane in the Derby with a colt which might, if not shown up, win a good handioap. [ Having just missed accomplishing this mitotan in (he aring Handicap, Preston was letgO fa* toe Spring Stakes, f fancy hie owners diagnosed the situation correctly. The HarreoterwooJd have beaten him in the Derby, and although he made ouch a dhow of tiheta in the Spring stakes I Shall [took to Dreamland ami Malachite taming the tables on PreBton when they havere the bucketl«g Uey got Inst weelc. The Harvester did all that watwked of him in the Canterbury Mate, and did * J*11, ' ?*** triumphantly after the moe, There was no cross this time," ??»**,T-***1* » tooked for a tndinent «nowed <Joestion yd Malachite too mtH3i *ta», but for-, w* ra |»HMny <K time to enable The Harvester t° the minds of bis backers at ltwns to this !*** J*®* yea* that Patron slipped ftwftyfrom ®«de of different-material ZJS^SZJS- Malachite, and was never **»#*. Enfilade once nearly beat Cadyon ^!S?pin* ftt lbe ««t torn; and ^ .* ^h^pton Race I J 2?°k» «h *t is small wonder If supporters of lbe Harvester felt their hearts 'n then- mouths for a few momenta on Satur day, bat mi's well that ends well, and m his first important weight-for-age teoe tonng Stevenson carried oat his orders to the. letter. Carnage did a little better than TOnal by i-noning Into a place, bat lie is Sir from a good horse this spring. \- ^r* ®ave loyally a reasonable weight, in the .V.R.C. Handicap, and the New Zea~ lander was heavily backed, bat not sufficient Importance bad been attached to Quiver's close second in the Hotham Handicap, and «Mng to the front at once she simply tan away with the race. Mr. J. Wilson, jttn., time received some consolation for his Oaks disappointment. Norton, the New Zealand a*nP'on' to ft little short before the saddle, bnt he is a fine horse and a brilliant fencer. He was not very much fancied on Saturday, and if this was his best form he will not prove a champion in Eng land, asRedleap at his best would certainly; have carried 14st. and beaten this field. He was ridden very wide all the way, and so was HelioB. It was a emprise to me to see hunters beating these two cracks. Killamey is a most brilliant fencer, and at the last fence it looked any odds on him, but Timoui, with his light weight, raced him down, and won the wee for Mrs. Everard Browne, who is in England. Gollan s stable had a surprise in store for backers in the last wee. With 8st. 8lb. The Possible was generally picked as the best-handicapped horse in the Spring Han dicap, bnt he rah moderately, for the Free \ Handicap Mr. Dakin, who like myself had I wen the horse ran in Sydney, only dropped him a pound, and raised Preston 41b. Bat this time The Possible came out in flying colours, and by beating Newman over his own distance at 21b. he stamped himself one of the best mile-snd-a-qnarter horses in Australia. Preston, who beat The Possible about three lengths in the Spring Handicap, can up to his form, bat with a difference of 51b, in his favour Mr. Oollan'e horse simplj gave him no chance. It was refreshing to see a few lightweights riding^ in good style at the late meeting, as i there is no gainsaying the fact that we have never been worse off for horsemen than we are at present. No one lias come forward to take the place of T. Hales, who, although he may not have been so strong as some of life rivals in a puhisliing finish, stood over the great majority of them when it came to riding a race with judgment. Year after year Hales stood his ground, and in weight-for age or classic races he was well nieh invincible. Even if his horse were a little Inferior to his opponents, the veteran's generalship Would tarn the scale, and pall his monnt through at the finish. Other jockeys—such as Gorry —rushed into prominence meteor-like, but they never stayed, and those who prophesied that some new star was destined to eclipse the "old man " invariably found their cham pion fall out of his place, white Hales went on like the brook. M. O'Brien, Alec. Robertson, and E. Power were the men who ranked next to Hales, and they gained their positions in much the s&me; way, vis., by bard work and an honest endeavour not only to do the best they coald for themselves, but to bring credit upon a profession which is ah honourable one as long as those I who follow it choose to make it so. In Eng iland the average jockey Is a respected member of society, and it should be the tome here. Unfortunately, etableboys ate [not looked after and brought up as strictly aa in the old country, where they are appren J tioed to trainers, and have to learn their business before being even allowed to ride in public. Of course, the circumstances here ate different, but if they can only be made to understand the advantage to be gained froin following the example of a than like Hales, some of the youngsters who rode winners at the recent meeting will find that the profession of a jockey can be made very remunerative Without any risk of their ever being placed in the awkward position of having to go before the V.R.C. committee with the knowledge that their license cannot he granted until two or three black marks have been accounted for. Of the jockeys who rode at flemington fast week none was mom oapable than C. Moore, but frequent complaints against him for in terference, and his mistake (I think it was only a mistake) in mot starting with Quiver to the Oaks, resulted in his license bring withdrawn. Robson has, thanks to Ms wmntotian with Mr. Heywood's stable, ridden a lew winners of late, but he is hardly ^ « cotenied atQong the crack horsemen.! James {tough would probably be voted the prtotfer horsetoan of the day, although he only «Hte one winner at the meeting, and on one Obcaslon, at all events, showed himself to his either veer bad-tempered or naturally todtofed to be terribly severe on a beaten animal. Dawes, tike rider of Patron, fe only ft youngster, hut he tides with judgment, and .is not above xtepeotiag ciders. T.~ mwwiiiwti the lew good lightwe^Ghte ' ofhisdhywhohtsretained hiaform. Caadin Ijroraised Well when he started riding for Mr. W, R. Witoon, hod Ink lUdena few gbort wflte sfaee lie made such aliasfa «f •Sttath Morrison iscefctaiiily bet a -brilliant hefee mm, bat lie has the repatatiun of being thoroughly trustworthy. a Mm Mid soon-oome to the from |{ behsdtbeoppor tllllllJlS 4iHfti*kMi.M IIir> 11 - - i Y| - BM «tbb after ridera wtto at "e»ri«gto« w«b wry much below the *mdeid of Shies, O'Brien, and Power at their best, and if some of the youngsters Ve sow last week only steer clear of the pitfalls *h^h «*e always open for fashionable light weights to fail into, they will soon find them sapplaatmg most of the recognfaed middleweights of the day, and ridii* Sn the weight-for-age and classic races, let any youngster who wants to rise in the profession teke Hales as a pattern. Despite his tepu totem for never riding a "dead 'on," or *amblin« on a race, Hales is better placed as tares this world's goods ate concerned than any jockey who ever rode in Australia. And if en owner chose to give him instructions (as Mr. James White generally did}, he was never too conceited to disregard them, mtd ride the raoe as the owner thought it should be ridden. The Itosehill club seem to have had a very successful two days' meeting last week. Triton, by Trident from Helena, who has changed stables several times lately, mast have been in good form, as he won Mr. Kelso the two principal handicaps. On the second da}- Triton venr out at the cramped price of 6 to 4, and only just squeezed home from Marvel's unlucky brother Bianiey atone. Hugo, by Derby, also won a race on each day, his successes being gained in the welter events. A young Sunrise won the Juvenile Stakes, which was looked upon as a good tiling for Sequinins, by Martini-Henry from Sequel, who was bought by Mr. Payti» for 100 guineas at the last Kirk ham sale." The Yattendon and Musket blood was v. ry much to the fore daring the last meeting. Grand Flaneur, thanks to the brothers Patron and Ruenalf, has obtained a fair lead among the winning sires for 1881-5. Flaneur has been among a splendid lot of mares for a long time without getting a real smasher ; but in Patron he has sired a horse of his own class, and if Ruenalf keeps sound I think he will prove himself nearly, if not quite, as good us his younger brother. Olga, the mare who has been such a .wonderful success with Flaneur, was raced by Mr. De Mestre, and up to a mile she was very smart, iter pedigree smacks strongly ot Maribyrnong, as she is a grand daughter of Fisherman, whose blood keeps eotulng to the front. In the early days of Tht Australasian columns were occupied by correspondents In championing or traducing ",e P*®at Fisherman. The majority were against Mr. Fisher's horse, and prophesied that several other sires of the day would be known after he was forgotten. This was nearly 80 years ago, and I suppose the writers haveall flitted away. If Fisherman's champion were in tlie flesh he would hardly be able to resist the temptation to indulge in a modest crow over the lasting reputation the old horse has made. I forget. There is one news paper champion of Fisherman left Should any of the other Bide rise up to again malign the horse, "Fisherman's Ghost" will be found ready to break a lance in defence of the old horse. The credit of breeding Patron of course belongs to Hobartville. Chester, who has been dead three years thi9 month, had creditablerepreseutatives in Esca pade, Chesterman, and Malachite. Musket's sons, Trenton, Cartine, Nordenfeldt, andMusk Hose, were my much to the fore, while Arihi'a dam Discard is a Musket mare. Trenton was not lucky with his colts, but Auraria, Lady Trenton, and Nad a did him credit, and Trenton mares will be very valu able. Carbine has come to the front with a bound, his colt Wallaoe having made a name for him right away, and on Monday Mr. O'Brien was content to give 880 guineas for an untried colt by tbe champion. Norden feldt had capita! representatives in The Possible and Havoc, who did their beat to atone lor the shortcomings of Oamsge. Mask Rose is a full brother to Escutcheon, and, with Devon and Mate, the pair did well for the most fashionable family from which they descend. Hitherto Musk Rose has been inclined to get stock of The Doctor and Lady Rose order, but in Devon he claims a horse pos sessed of bolh stamina and courage, albeit that the latter quality has only recently been discovered. A glance at Devon's pedigree on the .dam's side will show where he gets his staying powers. The West was a grand daughter of Panic, and she was the dam of Occident (by Lapidist), who was a good horse over a journey. The West, moreover; is a | half-sister to Coronet, who ran two at Flemington, before the Australian Cup, in Sarin. 42aec.—a wonderful gallop in those days', Tbe fame of St. Albans is sure-to be handed down by his eons. Sheet Anchor would have rivalled the reputation of Ma sore if he had been spared, and Englishmen who reed of his snooess will find in his pedigree a cogent reason for the milk in theootoanut. SheetAnchorhaatwostriunS of Queen lifajy in b!s veins, and somehow any animal with a «tw>ng infusion of riak Mood is boand to oometofte front in some way. BheetAnohor took after his father in ho far ah hefaiied to get«ariy-oomjera,au4ftitflWi from MalttS,v^^triri St,. AttMui, two year olds. AriMo&ifol; at the meefinjk, " Aurati*, amtrf I have seen. «aih* (tow one of (he finest mares at St. Albans, It 1b worthy of note that neither Newminater, Meokarsgut, nor Kiahmond claimed a single Winner at the meeting. Hohinaon Crusoe holds his own, Foxtail and Preston keeping him to the fore, and Lochiel and Forest King each managed a bracket. The Musket, Yattcndon, and St. Albans horses were all wry much in evidence, however, and with Trenton NordenfeUlt, Escutcheon, and Carbine acting for liiut, a Musket horse is Imund to give Yattention s representative, Grand Flaneur, a great race for first place among the whining sires. As far as is known at present, the settling over the big meeting has passed off satis factorily. It is not easy to come across a baoker who has won, but I hear no reports as to any punters having failed to settle their accounts. At the Victorian Club, on Monday night, champagne was opened on account of Mr. Purobes, whose health was proposed by Mr, lloydon. The owner of Patron not being present, Mr. John Colman (a bookmaker who follows the fortunes of the stablel responded. Mr. Colman is supposed to be the biggest winner over Patron. Some eager buyers were after Taranaki on Monday; but with the Wags* Cup staring him in the face Mr. West declined to take j less than a thousand for the horse, and his j judgment has beeu borne out, as on Wed new-j day Thranaki, with iht. dllv. in the saddle, j easily wou Mr. Foy's handsome trophy. ! Certainly the opposition was not very grand, j hut Taranaki is prohatdy only just running< into form, and 1 oan imagine that Mr. W. Lairg, who was one of the would-be Inyew of the Albury horse early in the week, thought he saw room tor a deal ot improvement in his condition. Mr. lieywvwl and Mwk OTbten. who gave Mr. West over guineas for Tradition, were wwiulty disappointed in their expectations about iwcorov- ng the lug son of Kichmond; bat Thranakt seems a WtteKvmttwkoel horse, as he has done a deal oc hard work since ewunsg j«wa the eoantsy. and has thriven oa it. A!bur., the stre of Taraaaki now so Mr. W. K-NS.-crs.vt. of dtr**is ;S A.', the oid h£*rk having bee® |*aeh*s»?d for a wong at Mr. b . K&rchasonV; Mceasa^vva sa.ie, Tlosst ilafes had no lock as ^ * ish CvmssCjws, who vwhl on'v ®e« third s» she pnawip*: two-year-osd race. 