church of engla nd sunda y school association. ANNUAL DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES. A successful gathering of the Church of England Sunday School Association was held in the Y.M.O.A. hall last evening, when the Right llev. Dr. Goe, Bishop of Melbourne, distributed tho prizes won at the recent examination hold under tho auspices of the association. The reports of tho various examiners on tho result of tho examination were upon the whole highly encouraging. Defects were notice able in some respects, and practical suggestions were made for their removal. One of tho defects to which attention was called was tho system of "cram," many of the answers showing that tho pupils had learnt portions of Scripture by roto without in tho least know ing what they really meant. This praotico was strongly depreoated as injurious to the children, and if it were to become general the examina tions would do more harm than good. Teachers were urged to teach the catechism in the exaot words in whioh it was written, for it was tho mostporfect specimen of English iu the language, and it could not be departed from in auy par ticular without a loss of precision and forco. All tho examiuers, however, wero unani mous that tho papers showed a marked improvement on those of tho previous years. Tho Rev. ,S. C. Kent gave amusing illustrations of tho grotosquo manner in which some of tho junior examinees had mixed up secular aud profane history. For in stance, one lad made Julius Cainar an accessory to the crucifixion, as lie wrote, "Jesus was nailed on tho cross by Julius Cmsar." The young pupils also showed an altogether abnor mal ingenuity in the various ways in which they spelt scriptural words thus — " Geth semane " was written in 54 different forms, and " Judas Iscariot " and "Pontius Pilate" each appeared under no fewer than 38 disguises. Dr. Goe expressed tho pleasure ho felt at seeing so many grown up persons present, and tho remarks hitherto had been chielly intended to show them how to teach. Ho had doubted somotimes whether it was wise to allow tho "secrets of the prison house" of examiners to be so ruthlessly thrown open beforo the pupils— to show up tho defects of those connected with teaching in our Sunday schools. But he was sure the remarks which had been mado ought to be of interest to the fathers and mothers, all of whom wero concerned in knowing how to teach their ohildron. Tho scholars had also been heariug how to teach, and that was a lesson for them. Why had the church given them opportunities for learning the truth of God and enabled them to obtain these prizes? Whatever the church gavo to them she expected that they would give back to her; whenever she poured into their lap and into their hearts the treasures of Divine Truth she expQcted that in duo timo, when thoy arrived at years of maturity, they would return these treasures and do their best to communicatothem to those who would bo children then. Ho noticed that one of tho prizes before him was entitled How to Teach the Catechism. That was intended for a girl. "Coming events cast their shadows before," and he hoped that tho recipients of these books would try to impart their contents to others when their time came to do so. Another was a biblical illustrated dictionary, which would givo them an insight into the manners, customs and dress of Oriental life, and bo of valuable nssistauoe to thom in their study of tho Bible. Ho wished that thoy could induce tho committee of tho Village of Pales tine, which was showu in St. Martin's-square, London, last November, to send it out hero and show it in tho Town Hall, but he . was afraid it would cost too mucb. In conclusion ho would heartily ro-ocho the words of Mr. Kent that wo could not remember too much ; that while we took great pains to givo to the children an accurate knowledge of the Bible aud -oatechism the great thing after all was that the heart should bo savingly impressed with the truth of tho Gospel. All the teaohing in the world, however accom plished and perfect it might bo, would be of no avail uulcss tho Holy Spirit came down upon the teachers and filled thom with tho Holy Ghost. (Applause.) Tho prizes were then distributed, and the moeting clbsod with the benediction. 