CHAPTER V. If the classical ghost that Brutus dared "Was the ghost of bis Coesar unprepared, I'm sure I pity Brutus. "MÍSSÍB legatorum numero centurionibns, missis lega-oh, what does it mean, missis, the vocabulary's no go, legatorum, of legates, numero, j a number, no, to or with a number, centurionibus, to centurions-bother it, it doesn't make sense," and Ted stuck his inky fingers into his wildly rumpled hair, and gazed vindictively at his Caesar. Taffie, a few desks away, was writing without break or pause, and, with a sigh of envy for such erudition. Ted slid off his own seat, and dropped into the one next to his friend. School routine had commenced again, and at the present moment the 28 boarders were engaged in preparing their Latin lessons for the next day, Principias, dic- tionaries, and various text-books lying about in profusion. After a fruitless search for " missis," Ted arrived at the conclusion that it must have some connection with missing, and in all probability might be well translated by " missing things." After a mighty tussle to obtain some semblance of sense, he pro- duced the following unique translation, "Tho missing things of the legates were found (under- stood) with a number of centurions." "Wearied after this effort, he sat watching the rapidly gliding pen of his friend, and the boy next to his friend, until, the master being called from his room, a momentary respite allowed him to change his seat. "How you do write," he said, with a great sigh, as he thought of his own two meagre lines, andTaffie's closely-written page. The flying pen paused a moment, so pathetic was the tone of voice-" Can't you get on ?" he asked, glancing up. "No!" said Ted, wearily, " half the words aren't in my dictionary ; what a lot you know, Taffle." " You awful donkey, are you using a die« I tionary-here, quick, I've finished ; you've only ' to copy it out of this-I'd forgotten you," and j Taffie blotted his own exercise and passed a mutilated manuscript to Ted. j " "Whatever is it ?" said Ted, much mystified. " Cosar, simplified," laughed Lawrence, who, i having finished, was resting on his oars. I *' Taffie, it's not a crib," said Ted, horrified. "Well, if you willcall a spade a spade-" began Lawrence. ..Taffie, it's not a crib." Ted laid his little brown hand on bis friend's arm. '? Well, I suppose it is, old man," said Taffie, and ¡his brown laughing eyes meeting his friend's without a suspicion of shame, '.' where's the harm, all the fellows do it." "But father said-oh Taffie, I thought father said-oh, Taffie "--and Ted paused in the greatest distress. " Father said,-what did father said ?'* mimicked Lawrence. The momentary confusion passed, and Ted flung back his head proudly,-"Father said it, was telling alie, telling a big lie," he said in a clear voice. 1'Beastly little cad," muttered a boy near who was copying away and putting in mistakes in- geniously. Taffie looked thoughtful. He would have scorned to tell a lie, but cribbing had never struck him in this light before. ') Don't any of you Wallaces do it ?" he said, curiously. Ped looked across to Dick and Frank. " No V he'said, indignantly. " Do we,- Dick ?" "O, shut up," muttered Diet. He was doing his work honestly, but he hated to have public attention drawn to him." « *'Lor, what wild dogs you fellows must be," laughed Lawrence. The expression " wild dog" was used by the Bentham College boys, and is in fact used at the présent day by certain people I wit of, to desig- nate persons who hold very proper ideas on very proper subjects ; who act in the most proper way upon the most proper occasions, and say the proper things at the proper seaáons -it is synonymous with "prig," and is,; as may be imagined, an unenviable appellation. I may safely say the name is more easily acquired than lost, and is, in short, one of the most exquisite known examples of the figure of speech called sarcasm. " I'm afraid you really are a bit of a wild dog, Ted," said Taffie, gazing reproachfully at his friend's flushed face j "I wouldn't have thought it of you, either." ? Little prig, wild dog Wallace," cried several boys in chorus, as Ted gathered up his exercise and moved to his own seat. f'Shub up, you feUows," said Taffie, Bhortly. He saw the distressed look on Ted's face, and in a vague way recognised his friend was better than himself. "Don't be in a scot," he added, vaulting lightly across to Ted's seat. " Of course you needn't crib unless you like, only it'll take you months to ferret out all that rot without. How much have you done." " Only two lines," said Ted, pointing ruefully to his translation. " Farndon, out of your place again ? Do fifty lines, and stand out on the floor the rest of the , evening." The master had unexpectedly returned. Taffie shrugged his shoulders, made a face, and stroUed nonchalantly out to the centre of the floor, while Ted returned to his struggle with Cosar, pondering meanwhile upon Taine's defec- tion. The master in charge of. the evening prepara» tion had his head bent over the exercises he was correcting, so the young gentleman on the floor kept the room in silent convulsions of laughter over his absurd grimaces and fantastic tricks. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 