The Advertiser MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1894. MRS. BESANT AND THEOSOPHIC EVOLUTION. THERE can be no doubt whatever, as Sir George Innes and a good many others have said, that Mrs. Besant is a "wonderfully interesting lady." But whether, as Mr. B. S. Smythe declares, " her soul is like a star and dwells apart" depends very much on the view we take of her mission. If she has really been accredited, as Mr. A. P. Sinnett declared he was, by Indian or Thibetan adepts of occult knowledge, with wisdom hidden from ages and generations, then we cannot wonder at the brilliance and solitariness of her soul. Even on public platforms she walks upon the heights, and speaks down to ignorant and illiterate crowds. She may have judges and bishops and Postmasters- General sitting at her feet. What are the pitiful gains of Western culture when compared with the riches of Oriental theosophy ? Mrs. Besant tells us in her own charming way of many mental and spiritual changes before she arrived, through the instrumentality of Madame Blavatsky, at her present more perfect state. Trained in the Christian faith, married to a Christian clergyman, she sought refuge in materialistic atheism from the difficulties of Christianity. Among materialists she soon became a recognised leader of thought, pro- pounding and defending views which were condemned by high legal authority. But materialism, with its gross interpretation of spiritual facts, could not long hold a nature so refined and intelligent, and so she somewhat suddenly abandoned materialism for mysticism. Now, not as a neophyte, but as & spiritual adept, having swiftly attained to knowledge usually gained after painful initiation and long and weary waiting, she is travelling round the globe to proclaim the new evangel. There is but one religion, she says, so far as essential doc- trine is concerned. The differing faiths are so many facets of the one diamond. Truth coming into contact with our im- perfect humanity must have form as well as essence. The form may be various, adapting itself to differing races and cultures, but the essence cannot change, though it exists in connection with every form. The one is the outer garment of relative knowledge; the other is the living being of absolute truth. The one is exoteric for the multitude ; the other is esoteric for the initiated. The fetichism of the negro, the nature worship of the Egyptian, the hero worship of Greece and Rome, and the more refined cultus of Christianity, are the external forms of the one tine faith. It has been reserved for certain choice spirits in every ago to penetrate the form and behold the substance. Each genera- tion possesses a few of these illuminati, these Mahatmaa or Arhate, who treasure up and hand on, with any increase of knowledge they themselves have gained, the socret wisdom of the true theology. Though scarcely claiming to be them- selves among the illuminati, Mr. Sinnett and Mrs. Besant have received from these wasters of knowledge a good deal of in- formation about the occult world, which they in their turn are graciously communi- cating to us. But the more one endeavors, through the avenues that are thus opened, to reach the innermost sanctuary the more is the mind bewildered and confounded. Darwin has been playfully accused of drawing illimitable cheques on the past eternity to substantiate his doctrine of evolution. But the evolution of esoteric Buddhism, which appears to be identical with that of theosophy, as far surpasses that of Darwin as the dreams of an opium eater transcend the common experiences of life. By Darwin evolution is confined to the life history of this globe, to the progressive development of the various forms of vegetable and animal being, up to the highest of existing species. But others, including Kant, Laplace, Haeckel, Herbert Spencer, and Tyndall, have conceived of a development extend- ing back to an era compared with which all the cycles of geology dwindle to a point. The scheme of Buddha appeals to transcend even theirs in the incon- ceivable time necessary for its operation. The larger theory of evolution which the or philosophic mind of Europe conceived is not yet 150 years old. The Buddhistic theory is 2,600 years old, or much older than that if Mr. Sinnett is to be believed. He declared, on the authority of the Eastern illuminati, that the evolu- tion of man is not carried out on this planet alone. Several other planets are concerned in it. Every human soul has to live many lives in many races in many planets. We are now passing through the fifth race of the fourth planetary round, and the evolution of that simple race began a million years ago. We have yet to spend some 400 lives, with long intervals of life without a body, extend- ing to some 23,000,000 of years, before we can possibly reach the perfect state of humanity. But all this in but an in- finitesimal fraction of the time, if time it can be called, during which our being has been in process of evolution. Without losing our own proper identity through out the series of changes, we have been animals, vegetables, minerals, gases, ether, force, mere spiritual existences, mere ghosts and shadows of coming being. And the past may be nothing to the future. There are loftier heights to to be scaled.Æons of ages must come and go before we enter upon the state of supreme intelligence and infinite felicity with unbroken rest and peace. The hearing of this new doctrine will be comfort to the thoughtful but timid souls who stand trembling upon the brink of orthodoxy, afraid to take the plunge into a belief in the common evolution. Darwin's theory will seem conservative when compared with it, and even the " nebulous haze" which Tyndall imagined to be the seat of the forces whose action was to issue in solar and stellar systems will seem to be but the region within which the imagination of faith might lawfully disport itself. We nave no right to quar- rel with Mrs. Besant, or any of the dis- ciples of the Mahatmas, if they bring forward their novel ideas as the result of philosophic speculation. Isaac Taylor gave us the " physical theory of another life," and Abraham Tucker, in his "light of Nature Pursued," indulged in reveries about the invisible which no reader can re flect upon without admiration. But when speculative ideas, processing to explain the origin of the cosmos, and to depict the illimitable futurity, are offered to us as the fruitage of absolute intelligence gained and held by unknown wise men of unknown Thibet we are inclined to con tract somewhat rapidly the muscles of the right eye. Knowledge is knowledge and faith is faith, but there is a region at present inaccessible to thought and emotion. Addition, in the "Vision of Mirza," gave us the caution we need. The genius had revealed the happy islands, on which his neophyte gazed with inexpressible pleasure. '"At length,' said I, 'show me now, I beseech thee, the secrete that lie hid under those dark clouds which cover the ocean on the other side of the rock of adamant.' The genius making me no answer, I turned about to address myself to him a second time, but 1 found that he had left me. I then turned again to the vision I had been so long contemplating ; but instead of the rolling tide, the arched bridge, and the happy islands, I saw nothing but the long hollow valley of Bagdad, with oxen, Sheep, and camels grazing upon the sides of it" 