OUR HAUNTED FIHST FLOOR, E[BD L, E 3. B. STIErPENS] WBt had a larger houso than wo requirod, but, like other poople who ore rfllioted with a similar onoumbrano, wo were'o not too proud to naccept monetary compennation for the poA= cassion of the superfluous portion thereof. HIIeno, when Mr. and Mrs. Blobson, in response to the advertis.ment, took our two first-floor rooms, my wifo was intensely ro lioved; for over ain0o we had oomo into tioe house-only a few weeks-she always hand deoolrod that the old pluoo was haunted. At loste, whlet I say old, do not misunderstand mo. Theo house suffeord from the toustitu. t!ona diseanso of joery-buildism (coilings fall ing pzriodically, pipon loaking, floors and windows sbaking, and all ihat sort of thing), and thereforo its old ago was premnature. I think it is tho Amorioans who say we havo so many storeys to our houses that we do not start counting themr till we ranch about tho third. But you know what Imean by flrst floor-the drawing- rooms; only Mrs. litnmas nd I are suoh nmdoat and truthful people, we don't like to use that phraso when lthey )ar not our drawing-rooms. Wo had no reference with Blobson. We are not susplioons poople, Mr. Titman and I, and that mild, inoffoneivo mal's mneekol ooun tonanoo was sorely a guarantoee of good faith in itF.olf. Howovr, no soonoer had they got their furnituro ill-not evon waiting to sot it in ordor-than they announoed to us that they woro going for a few weeks' holiday, and one flin morning they both took thoir do parturo in a fourwhoolcd onab, .aceompanied by a good-sized portmantonat, irom thils nolnett my wifo ooneoevod an intense disliko for Blobson. Tho fi:ot was that tho former Iadyhaid Ioon very anxious for company, and now they voro talking thom solves off aSgain. .lHaving obtained possession of thoir rooms and placed their Ihonss hold gods in them, they were sttroly at liberty to go or stay as they pleasedP Thus I argued, logi oally onoagh, as I thought; but Mrs. T, would none of such argnouents. All slio know was that she was nono more in tthis pinoo, alono and aunprotooted, for sio alwaya roolonod me as nobstly-I ampposo boonause man nnil wife are onon and that ono is the n, kfo. Anyhow, the Blobsona wont away, thole rooms remninod looked up, and our inajostie Ialls woro wrapped ia siloeno, After this a grotat number of lettora samo for thoem, and a grot many peoopleo alled, all of whom soomend dinappolnted and soano intorodulous when we told them tihat they ihad gone for a fow woolc, tind wa lwnowluot wlithor, Evidently Monnas l;oh Blobron was a man who wan nmutth soughst after. It wan the next nigltt nubseoquont to tholui dopanrtlro-' that uiglht I shall never forgot,' es thi populir sno sanys-whoel I wita st?d= donly awlaktened by i genstlo putioh ort the part of my hotter lintf. SHo'rk, Timotihy I' i odrled,. Wlketo up, for goodtnses sako I WVhat's tts noistole I'm tnuro this ltoune will bn tile deathl of mn.' 'Wind, porlintas,' I replied, drowsily, Another gontil ptslh,. TiPll thlno I sit bolth uprlghit ind rsubloil my oyes. Yes, thiere wNon a strango nolo --a sttoaltlhy, unoltnny orcnkltig of thio Atilreao. I jumped out of bed, trtek t a light, solzod the pokeor, and daslihed out into tlu pnsango, I should hort oxplnltn that our hodultimber was what, uindoer tornil oll'oltonttuatoon, woulld have been tho bhok partlou, nnd was, thereo fore, dirootly bonuoth Blohson's untocoupioed rooms, In thie ptesago I atoiod, hitvlii' softly lated thell door behind me, but not is noussid wtit to bo hourd i; only down theo strs thoito blow an ioe-ooll, delnthlilko blstt, whiuh made me shtltdder, Thisi wns all tits mnro strange its I lird olosed all doom aind windows, Ah, whnt wits Itat ou I oult tlnoot thave sworn that us tall thlndowy form stood int thi sornor; bnt as I ohargeot it, poor its hnid, it Honinod to dlsulpponr into the glnom--thatl is, if it overltad enon tlioro, nid wias not a eratit'a of snty intgliaution T'hnn I roturnod to onr bodroonm, whoro I fotnud my wife in hordroviilnggownt, stnnding in the nonttro of the Iloor, looking as white as" Iny orthoadxc ghost herseolf, * Well, whalt have you noon ?' aho nsloed, lis ia volos of terror 'Natlhing,, iny livo.' At thli monoinait wo thoiard thie olan of a doer bl\ught&L; pw"Jooolina~ fronr theo Rtalen-al solunl ll tho mo1ore atppalil Irntd ttllnonotit?, ablo, na--bhaby withellrths acrelt justllt thon we Wirl qttl n ittl( Iia tohile thou1,. At the aaiii thuo the g, Oh?an?llior1 witIh 'out lly I}ppoien untltno, hoglltl to hllvolr and vibrl=to! lid ,lMtl, WJilimii, thienwihg horilf nollvtentllvoly Irnto my aIrmm uttcrt, d Ia plothng h itok, burt ily?Ol, t ii It a Iil won\ ii wo roacr h to ? fiiI tiilthi II i 1latto, or I lh(ibloldhIlvw hldotnl at my wittN' nd whatl ~t to laoxb 4 !tlhlrHi any ly ovi I' I axall?llul, ' 'll Io oll y hat iW b iH, Tluiothly--ni d I hlavo thotughtl|; wi ill IlogI,-,}ttco .atiuoomipty rowns|. ont ,he} fhrst; Stlot are hilInteI It' , 'Nanloiauo, tny drni I Mot Ililethlyaoanio o ha ila go0t 1it0a Ite housa, whiah 1 hnlil\t poon find ot.k' S31nl.aro non'1', gonoaally linaifironi' ':N ltlihr ll o ¶h~hota, that I,'vy vor ilolIril' i i don't thI?nl iib tii urlltla to jI)3o shilolth' 'I ?Jho hItrhlt will fulllvy I rao witll y~ili thoa ihon aI cati him,' I ropto i vlIorou hl , flllitlllthly u| liho t()ltgf in~ tddltOn ,to any?, fOliiOr woualion. Tlinla Ild, I toArohlodl th whole a thoaa basements, front parlor, attics. I tried .Blotson's doors. They were locked fast enough. I peepcd through the keyholes. N?ught but darkness to be teen. I found nothing. All was in order. Everywhore rigned homelike oilenoe and repoectablo re poseo. 'Titma',' maid my far better half, as I re turned to the bedroom with theE negative tidings, 'if you don't break open those two doors upstairs, and find what dreadful thing is in there, you are not a mano.' ' Miy dear Therean, consider. Such oon duct might pOERssibly Rlay me opeu to mison struction whrn the Ilobsons come homo. You see, tih rooms are theirs, and by law-' 'Then you conmider your Blobsons and your laws hbefore my feelings? Very well, Mr. Titnas!' This is a favourito line of argument with some ladies, and if not quite reasonable, it is very suoceosful and unanswerable, for it has the admirableo effot of puttiug you in the wrong and manling you feel ashamed of your self. Tho rest of the night was passed in silonee -a sort of rrmed neutrality-for sleep was out of tile question. ,oraing came at last, and in its customary sequcleo day was followed by night. I will freely confess that we both dreaded to too the shadows of evening drawing ill, but we justified our courage with a littlo drop of something short and hot. We composed our solves to sleeoop somowhat early; but oven as the little olook on our mantolpice chimed twelveo we both woke up with a simultaneous start. No Eooner had that orthodox hour finished striking than our oears wore assailed by a siokening thud above us, as though somine heavy body had fallon or boon thrown down. Thenou there was a groaun-a veritable human groe n-followed by the same uneanny creaking of the staireaso as on the previous night. I jumnpod up and seized the poker. Theroesa got up, too, and donning her dress ing-gown, remarked, bravely : 'I will como, too, this time ' ' Since you insist, my love -' She haId not spoetiatlly insisted, but I will admit I was glad of bher support. Sho is a strong.minded woman, and I do not belieovo eithor ghoits, burglars, or murderers would venture to give her any of their nonsenseo. I kunow I seldom do. S?h tookle up thie candle, and I prooedod her with my woeapon of offeonce and defeneoo. Out on the staircase sileonce reigned supreme once moro, but that samo ico-oold blast fanned our faces, comning front whence we knew not. Suddenly a fearful t hriek broke from Mrs. Titmas' lips. SAh, look, look ! ' she exolainmed, at the same timen precluding the possibility of my oboying her injunction by dropping the candle, which wtis iistPntly extinguished. 'For goodness' sLake, my love, what is it ? ' I cried, strugglinlg with a refractory matloh which lit only on the box-and not always thoro. 'Blood I' ise linswored, in tones of intense horror. 'Look, Timothy, look I ' Idid look, for I had by this tino suoooodod in roanimatiig the candle. 'qomeothing has been spilled here,' 1 roplied; ' but I do not think it is blood.' *What is it, thol P' 'Wateor, or sonmething. You must have dropped it yourself.' ' I I solomuly assuro you there was nothing thoro when I camo up to bed. Bo rides, what should I have boon earryiug to theo.top of the houssoP Soe, it goes up, up on evory stair. No, I toll you, it is blood I' Sho would have it it was blood, so bleeood it bad to be, as I iuformed you that Theresa always had her own way.; and that evening's ontortaintenot osmdod up with the noeroet approaoh to hystorois that I havo over ox ptrionoed on the pat of my batter half. By the following morning the spots, what over they wore, had all disappeared. The matter remalnud iuexplioable, and troubled me not a littleo. Tiho noxt night, at thie ' witoblinurg hour when ohsrehbynrds yaw,,' oto.-or I aop pose that must havo boon thie hour, for my watoh was slow-I wats suddenly awakenenocd by the salueo noise us beforo -the oroeaklig of the stairs-and thon theoro was the sound as of a deep slgh in the air, This tmo MrsIr,.Titmas slumboreod ounidly, ovoroomo by want of sloop upon the previous nights; so I got up very softly, armnod myself oneoo more with the poker and tougs, ianud oropt stealthily out into the pnessago, oloslug tbhe door behind me. loould seo my way quito easily, for it was a moon light oght, ind proceeded on tip.too down the kitoun stairs. Ahl, thoro It was agatl, down by the soullory door-the same s•hadowy form os I hd seoen before. This time it should not osopo moe, ancd I rushotd upon it, brandishing loth touga andl poker. 'Hero, hold hard a blt I Don't. murder mee' oried thu ghosa.t, Tlst veloo I Good Hlonvons I It was my lodger, Mounasaoh Blobsou l 'What the deovil are you docing horoP' I orlod, 'oetuhliog watecrl' he zoplied importur bably. ' Butt whore did you come from Pi 'My own room, I've never boon away.' Thou thea mystery of our hauntod first floor was solved, Blobson was deeply in debt, and his creditors having tiaeood hin to our house, hIe lhad roeolvod to oltdo them for a time; so hIo got his wife awlly otn a vislt to some rolhtitios, iand lthou returned hhltssel\fo taklng ladvantago of a ilno iin he, ovoueing wohen hle know we should be oi1t. IHavinti first got ic a atcilli oiont supply of food ail ollo, lie would koop quiot all day, and stoal down at unlight in quoet of wtor, The srekldng of the lAtlhrs, the ghostly IglIh, the water--nOt blood which the ofioslt eiv c ttlni hied spilled, the vilirattoc of the oaudlior whiohl tooltI pheo vwhoe hIo oropt Icbout his room--ell, all was now explained, Mfrs 'lnllas' indltgnation klnow no botinds, and Hlie IIsisOted thhat the BIlobuouts slcould be givenu noltioo to lquict, notwith tunding my -'opreseotititlons that they waore il trouble- ciltt be the aisnmo Isurcolves soeno day eOds, Lthey at leastad st Icpld he rent prene ti clly, &o;, no ; sht llIcd asid they woro mons, do cltful peopluo thie fl'at mnomuct liao sot eyes cc thui, Stho was not o gohcg to be hituited liko that 1il hlr owncv houso-- not very likely, VWell, on qtmlm folnlno vomit, o,; mnid I eave told you Theroesa Tltmcus' notions on the muatrlucncl l unttioes, So te ghlost hind to dopart fc'Jomi csc, anut our flrst floor was hltiunted no mlorn, 