THE STORY OF A LOST SOUL. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] By HUGH COLEMAN DAVIDSON. AUTHOR OF "THE GREEN HILLS BY THE SEA," "NOT A MOMENT TO SPARE," "THE OLD ADAM," &c.;, &c.; (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) CHAPTER XXIX.— (Continuod.) As she talked he began to raise his eyes to her face occasionally, and he could not help being struck with its beauty. If only Scadden society would give its approval he felt he could really love her. More than that, he would even marry her without a penny of her own. With such a girl it would be pleasant to go through life much as they were doing now, of course under shelter of a highly respectable umbrella in case public opinion should at any time happen to turn against them for the moment. That was the mischief of the thing. Everybody was against them now, and the re- sult might possibly be the loss of a fine property. Smarting from his recent experiences Grove was just in the mood to defy what most he feared, and a spirit of dogged resistance arose within him, though it was scarcely likely to prove lasting. Under its influence, however, Grove alighted at the cottage, instead of returning in the waggonette. He went in and talked to Mr. Vane, while Rachel put her mother to bed. After- ward's, when she came downstairs, she made tea for him, and they had a long conversation together, the old man professing to listen. The effort of the incident upon Rachel's mind may be briefly stated. In the hope of maintaining her father and mother she had tried the various things open to her and failed ; what wonder, then, than in the helplessness of her despair she should turn to the great source of womankind—matri- mony ? Grove had not hitherto been a favorite with her, but by this day's work he had raised himself im- mensely in her estimation. He was wealthy, a decided recommenda- tion under the circumstances ; she know that he used to be very fond of her, and she had no reason to think he had changed in any way ; her affections were not otherwise engaged ; so why should not she marry him if he wished ? Surely the whip which had scourged me and kept me in perpetual motion had been heavy enough before. Yet the pain which I had hitherto endured was as nothing as compared with the pain which I endured now. I had killed one man, not a bad young fellow in most respects, because he had dared to love the same girl as I did, and now she was seriously thinking of marrying the cowardly knave whom I most hated ! Hitherto I had been able to rely upon Rachel to repel his advances, but now, as I said with uncontrollable anger when they parted, she was trying to induce herself to meet him half way. It was dusk when Grove left the cottage. He walked sharply back towards the town, but at the gat of Cronkvash hesitated and finally stopped. The mysterious figure that had vanished at his approach had troubled him a good deal. He had made several tours of inspection in the hope of finding a solution of the mystery, but so far had been unsuccessful. This struck him as being an excellent op- portunity. He had not been at Cronk- vash so late before, and if any more vanishing figures were about, dust was surely the time to see them. So he walked cautiously along the drive, and after a short investigation of the grounds in front went round to the back. The garden door was closed, but not locked. He opened it, and then started back, for lo ! there stood George Vane and Ben Fayle—or their ghosts. CHAPTER XXX. THE ADVENTURES OF TWO SHIPWOEKED MARINERS. Into the boat in which the crew of the lugger escaped from Gorragh Bay had been hastily put a quantity of pro- visions and a barrel of water. But it soon became evident that these wthings would be of little use. The waves ran so high that all idea of a long voyage had to be abandoned ; it was only by incessant baling that the boat could be kept afloat. Ben's counsel was that they should land at one of the quiet creeks beyond Sanby, and either wait there until the weather improved or else make their way at once across country to some port where they were not known. The plan was not without danger, but his companions readily accepted it as safer than keeping to the sea. So to every man was served out a ration of biscuit, and then, in order to lighten the boat, most of the remaining pro- visions were thrown overboard. Ben was about to treat the barrel of water in the same way, but changed his mind and emptied it instead. He hammered the bung in tightly and re- placed the empty barrel in the stern. By that act he saved not only his own life, but also George Vane's. For when the boat was shortly after- wards swamped in the rough water which skirted Sanby Head Ben was carried some distance from it by the current, and could not got back. But close to him floated the barrel, still encircled by the rope which had been used in hauling it on board the lugger. Gripping the rope he looked round for George, and managed to lay hold of him, so both were safe for the time. But for their less fortunate com- panions they could do nothing. Now and again, amid the splashing, of the waves, they heard a hoarse shout for help, but they could not even see whence it had proceeded, and, struggle as they might, there was no going back. They drifted farther and farther away from the scene of the disaster, and, being on the inside edge of the current, were at length carried by an eddy into the smoother water under the lea of the Head. By dint of great labor they reached the shore, but not until George was so exhausted that, without Ben's assistance, he could never have clambered up to a place of safety. When they had sufficiently re- covered to be able to look about they found that they were upon a narrow ledge of rock, covered with slippery seaweed. In front of them the cliff rose perpendicularly to the height of two hundred feet, and facing them was the entrance to a large cave. Both knew the spot well. George had been there several times at picnics ; once— though he could scarcely believe himself to be the same person, such strange, and, dreadful things had happened since then—with Hattie. It was called Grow Cave because of the number of sea-crows that nested here, and it was accessible only by boat, except at ex- treme low water, when the narrow ledge at the base of the cliff extended round the little bay as far as the beach. As the tide had been flowing for nearly an hour escape would be impossible until after dark at the earliest. George and Ben felt so bitterly cold in their wet clothes that they crawled inside the cave to shelter from the wind. The latter had some matches in a small tin box which he used for his tobacco. Fortunately they had not been damaged by the sea, and as there was a good deal of driftwood scattered about, he contrived to light a fire. Under it influence their spirits revived a little, though when night came neither had the moral courage to propose they should leave their retreat. Both felt unequal to any further strain just yet. They de- cided to stay where they were, and upon beds of dry seaweed slept pretty soundly. And here for several days they re- mained, subsisting mainly upon what birds they could catch—an easy thing to do after dark—depending for water upon a little rill which trickled down the side of the cave, and, in fact, living much as shipwrecked sailors live upon a desert island. And yet these two were not more than eight or nine miles from their own homes, which they could easily have reached had they wished. Nevertheless, their position was in one respect less enviable than that of the sailors just mentioned, for while the latter looked forward eagerly to seeing some of their fellow-creatures again, that was the very thing which George and Ben most dreaded, although there were times when they felt ready to return and give themselves up, the wretchedness and monotony of their existence being hard to bear, while the uncertainty as to their com- panions' fate added to their burden. At last, however, they dis- covered by an old crab-catcher—that was his ordinary occupation—who had brought rod and line to the rocky ledge in order to fish for rock cod. When they had explained to him who they were, and how they came to be in the cave, he offered them shelter in his cottage, and after some delibera- tion they accepted his offer. There had formerly been six or seven families living in the creek, but they had all gone, and their cottages were in ruins There only remained the one in which this old man lived alone. With him George and Ben were a good deal more comfortable than they had been in Crow Cave. The former sent his watch and chain to be sold at Wicksey, a small town about five miles farther along the coast, and with the money thus obtained he was able to provide for their immediate wants. Moreover, the chances of being seen were very slight. During the winter months it was the rarest thing for anybody to pass that way. Sometimes, perhaps, a farmer's cart might come down to the beach for wraick, but that was all. It was nevertheless plain to both of the old crab-catcher's visitors that this life must soon come to an end. They could not stay in the cottage inde- finitely, and yet they had the greatest difficulty in deciding what to do. Ben seemed to have lost his usual nerve, in consequence of the succession of disasters which had befallen him. He could not help feeling that they were designed in some way to prevent his going abroad. Besides, if he were to make for some distant port, and slip on board some ocean-going vessel, what would happen to George, who could not well do the same, and who had no money to pay for a passage ? There was still another cause for Ben's hesita- tion. He had a strange hankering to see the old home once more. For some reason or other he felt uneasy about his father. If he could go back for a little while, just to say a word or two to the old man, and assure him of his son's safety, and if at the same time he could learn some glad news about the men who had been with him in the boat, or, in the event of their loss, do something to comfort those whom they had left behind, he felt he could leave the country more cheer- fully. But in the present uncertainty it was hard to go. George, too, was divided in his mind. He felt strongly drawn to the town in which his people dwelt, while, on the other hand, fear impelled him to flee from it. Like Ben, he wanted to go back for an hour or two. "If we go by night, Ben," he said, "nobody will see us. Don't you think it would be safe ? We need not stay more than a few minutes—you at your home and I at mine—though there is just one house on the quay that I badly want to visit—and then we can meet again and come right away. Un- less we do that, how are we to get money for our passage ? We shall be cooped up here for ever." "I see all that, Mr. George," an- swered Ben. " It's you I'm thinkin' of. If the constables get a hould o' me, it may be a matter of a month or two in gaol. They'll hardly give me more, surely, and bad as it would be, it would come to an end after a bit. But you know, Mr. George—— " He stopped and looked pityingly at George, who could not repress a shudder. " Yes, yes, I understand," said the lad. " It would be dreadful if I were caught. I mean it would be worse for me than for you, wouldn't it ?" "Far worse," said Ben. "But I wouldn't be caught," said George with desperate earnestness. " We won't either of us be caught. We can run, Ben, and in the dark we can hide. But there won't be any need. There won't be anybody to see. Don't you think we might try ?" After some hesitation Ben said : "Well, we'll risk it. The moon rises late now; we'll go this very night if you like, Mr. George." And so it was settled. About eight o'clock George and Ben, each wearing one of the old crab- catcher's coats as a disguise, and both having their faces concealed by big mufflers, left the cottage and went away across country in the direction of Scadden. Although anxious to make haste, they could not progress very rapidly in the dark. Walking was difficult enough in the wet meadows, but in the ploughed fields they had many a stumble. Fortunately they could see the harbor lights occa- sionally, and by them they steered until they struck the Dhoon Road. At George's suggestion they then followed the path leading up to the Cronkvash garden. As they were walking along under the wall, Ben said :— "Well, Mr. George, if I had any doubt of you before I should have none now. To tell the truth, I felt a bit timorous of that field myself." Beset by so many anxieties George had forgotten that he was passing the scene of the murder. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 