Notes and Naws. On Saturday aft irnoon and Sunday bvening thimderstorms passnd over tho town. Each wan accompanied by a fall of hail in some parts of the field. Neither lasted loner, but th« ntiufall whs exceedingly .henry for tho time, the register at the local telegraph office giving 1*12 inches for the first storm, and O'iH inch for the second. An accident, fortunately not of a serious nature, happened on Saturday to a. minor named William Brown, who resides on the Horse-Shoe Bend. He was engaged ut the windings on tho Caledonian and New Zea land United shaft lowering concrete to the men below when tho handle slipped nnd struck him on the forehead. Although the blow was a severe one he was not stunned and luckily for the men below he caught tho handle again and held on until relieved. He was attended to by Dr. T. H. Morgan, who found it necessary to put sereial stitches in the wound. Mr. P. J. Connolly has been promoted to tho position of acting manager of the local branch of the A.J.S. Bank, in which he has been teller for several years. At the Polico Court yesterday, before the Polico Magistrate, George Gibson pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct in Monkland 6 1 root, and was discharged with a caution. Those who attended the rov. Ralph Brown's lecturo c.ntortainmont at tho Than) m Royal last night certainly had their money's worth. The subject was ' Heads and faces,' and to say that the lecturer made it inter esting is to give it very faint praise. For nearly two hours the rev. gentleman held his audience without the sli^litost sign of weariness on the part of the listeners. IUb de lineations of character as revealed in the face, huad, walk, and handshake of a person wero excoedingly clever and highly amusing. At the close a number of well-known townsmen stepped on to the platform at the lecturer's invitation, Kind submitted their heads for manipulation. He described the various characteristics of tho several individuals, and his descriptions, in most coses, were very faithful, and elicited laugh tor and applause. To-night Mr. Brown leotures on ' Round tho world on 0s. 6d., and how I did it.' Judging from the mas terly manner iu which the lecturer handled his subject last night, the leoturo this even ing should provo u most intoruatiiiK and profitable one, and a large audience will probably attend to hear it. To- morrow night Mr. Brown will ro peat his leoture entertainment, ' Heads and facos,' in the One-mile Wosleyan Ihurch. Ho can bo consulted at the School of Arts to-day nnd to«morrow, from 10 a.m, to 0 p.m. in reference to the delineation of character and the supply of charts. The annual meeting of tho W.C.T. Union was held in the Oddfellows' Hall, Red Hill, on Friday, evening. There waB a fair attendance and the president (Mrs. Wil liams) ocoupiod the uhair. Tho hall was beautifully decorated with palms, flowors, ami evergreens, also mottoes and banners. Th« president in a short addross welcomed those present and among other things re. ferred to the temperance booth at the late Show, and expressed on behalf of tho Union heartiest thanks to all who helped to make it a success, and especially to Mr. Dobson who very generously assisted both with his time and materials. The secretary thon read her report, together with the treasurer's statement. The 'Y' Union choir sang a chorus which was much, appreciated. Mrs. Payne, of Ipswich, next delivered an address dealing with tho different departments of work taken up by the Union. The Misses Bines saug a duet ' List, 'tis musio steal ing.' Mrs. Britten gave an account of the work done by the unions in Townsvillo and Charters Towers, and Miss Bouchard sans ' Remember thy Creator' after whioh re freshments were handed round. The Rev. Mr. Brown (who is at present occupying Mr. Chapman's pulpit) then addressed the meoting and gave his improsaion of the work done by the W.C.T. Union. He ex pressed the opinion that the houses of the womon connected with the Union wore the uooi »oyu .mo usuai votec of thanks terminated a vory enjoyable evening. The annual pionio in connection with St. Poters Sunday school was held in the Queon's Park on Thursday lust. There was a large gathering of both children aud adults and the usual games and pastiraos wore indulgod in. Refreshments vore sorved at intervals during tho day and towards dusk the children separated after a very onjoyable day's outing. Mr. Alfred Cobby, of Brisbane, and form orly of Gympie, has sent us a copy of his Caledonian Sohottisohe, which ho has dedi cated to. Aid. R. Fraser, Mayor of Brisbane It should bucorae a f i vorite, seeing that it is an adaptation of nu«h popular tuuos as unscies in tlio air, tli ? Kool Kow, and Auld ' Lang Syne. The roport of tho Government Labor Bureau for 1803 shows that in Brisbane ilono 57-13 namos wore registered as want inu employment, at whom 8704 woro pro* VWf4 W»h Wprjf, r T ' ( Tho first of tho hu.'o ovlindn^ ' for tho now Victoria bria- $1 lr°Wol Kiu'cmsfully oast at Waifk ors' i''1 '»- Maryborough, on Saturday8 &nH; oivttion w;.h p«rform»d in a'10 °1' Minn of t|,0 Minister for -„?, P^ thri-o iiinmbMrii of the VirtorU n ?l,l» lloanl, tin. Knuinnor for Koa-U ZlA m I sovoml m.-,»\ .- ot p , nc'n « id?f3 CK-,-, by spooinl .,.lln purpo.iW*11' Sulw ?ripntly t.,,, visitors a id ftLt0 BH bor of loonl townsmen wore mJ!- olmmpagnn and rofroshments I Wili good sponul.cs woro mado, tho k.n?'1 which woro appropriately protcS Hl fair play to QueenHlunl !£' ««1 present thoro aro ovor i-oo n i'n „!? At :ho foundry, nnd during th« p'nt fr'11' has paid ovor X40J.O0O in waZ I01' 'I inK through dympio on its rntl ? FJS! to Brisbano about dusk on Sn Z*}0^ spooiiil train carried away thn ™ ' y' (f Rod Hill crossing, whicif h^ » «liffht delay, but with th o owS? ' smiuhing tho g«tos no damno0COf'oa »' , tainod. K 'as suj. Thoro was a fair attondnnen ah «„(, , ' mooting of the local ToncW iS^ - Tho vory small amount of buiinZ i. ll0lli been dealt with, Miss McLauXL^'S Miss Fleming road » paper. Tho ITS-M with educational matU\and311r*« as tho writer explained, to intfiW notice of tenchors a ivorkon tho hL '' education from thn oarliost timos 'l , 7 ol was much appreciated, and Miss ii1'?9 was complimented by all on it, 0J.l?j*nS It was announced that tho annual «1« * officers would take placoal Z 'aoii t^f A mooting of porsons intereatod ;„ a' formation of a Horticultural Socio v ' Gympio is convonod for this ovoninl '\ Messrs. Caston and Davidson',, offlrn \' understand thnt thn movomont In., l, ° wnll received and a largo number of L^ havo alroadv s cniflnd Umir «:in_*8raoi« become members. onH3(o Dr. Thompson, M.D. rDurham^ i M.K.O.S. (Bnglaud), announce, through o'^ advertising columns that ho intends vis i ! Gympio on the aecond Wodnusday in , ov ! month, tho first visit boing paid on OoinV 1?*^lDr- T1loraP,3on is aspocialiat indisS of the ove. to which he e.nnRn™ !,,?„ ___' exclusively. *'«?««) The labour schooner Rio Logo has returarf to Bundaberjf with 90 kanakas. Shsrenorf that five islanders diod of dyeontorv dorin the voyagn. The doctor has rejected threo recruits suffering from dyneitT and made tho passing of three jX optional in consofiuonco of onlareem«S of the spleen. Tho natives at Bucka Bad, fired upon tho Bio Logo at anchor, onsot tho bullets striking tho dock, butnooDom, injured. u \ Herr Zemok, violinist, Maryboroujh suffered a very aprious loss on Friday ni»¥ his house and hhe whole of its contents boini dostroyod by fire. The inauranco amounti to JC550, but the loss includoa articles in tho form of muaic nnd other valuable boob and violins which money cannot adequate!? replace. Ono of the violins had boon a family heirloom for over 200 years, and another was 131 years old. ' '. A big Salvation Army in«uting washed ia Brisbane on Friday night to wolcomo Com missioner Coombs on liia return from the Salvation Army Confurenco in London, Brigadier Jeffries roporlod that during the 1 Commissionai's absenco the debt of £350due I by the Quotmslnnd corps had boon paid, and ? five new corps had hoim oslablishod— namely i at Woouibyo, Sonthport, Longroach, Gerald'- - ton, and Gladstone. During the past fout I months in tho Southorn Division 202 uoir ? soldiers had buen onrolled, HO in the North- ? em division, and 07 in and about Brisbane ; total, 409. Ho concludod by calling upoa i tho Commissioner for a song. The Conmii. ; sioner Bang ' Over and Ovor,' which he said ' hnd boon vnry popular at tho Internationil ' Oonfaronco. Lator on. Commhaioaot Oooahs \ made an interesting spasch. After the im. \ monse meeting held in the Cry8tal Palace, \ an old colonial statesman, Sir George Grey, | told him that it was more like henvea thai ' anything he had expected to soo on thiB side * of the river. He (the Commissioner) would. % like to havo had at that meeting all those j- who thought Salvationism was going dona, 1 Forty different languages were spoken at [ that tfrORt gathering.and in tbo grand march j; past they took two hours and a-half to passa I ; given point. Ho also said that ono of to [ greatest dilUcultiBB the poor people in Eng. I; land had was to get meat. While at homo j: he had proposod to the Oeneral that tfisjU' should use the frozen beef from QueenaUud, I and he hid said, ' Yes, let na by all model j use the Queensland beef' — (applaujo)— ani j, to-day tho poor in London woro being fedos | m.vit grown in Qusonsland In reply to I k (iuestion as to the ainountof meatconsumeJ, % tho Commissioner said. that at least four « 1 fivo thousand persons wore fed every da;, §5 and they might safely reckon that each oil H got 41b. a week, which would amount tl B 20,000lb. per we«k. For who knows, he said, ra but that the Salvation Army may be tbl 9 agent3 for the distribution of meat grown ii B Queensland all over England.— Observer, I In response to a requisition the Mayor ol fj Mackay called a publio meeting on Fridsj H night, to protest aRiiinst the importation ol R Japanese. Only 150 poraona were present, E and about 100 voted. A resolution opposing H Japanese was adoptod, and a resolution H embodying a request for Now Guinea labouf a wa3 dofoatod. Tho sponkers were fflOJll/ I membnrs of the local labour party. ? ' Tho unseemly behaviour of theLaboiK ? party in tho Queensland Legislative A*si soinbly,' says tho Australasian, 'and til ? Btrontr measures takan with the memlKit ; M who misbehaved thorasolves are eqoally H bo regretted.'— 'The bost men arekeptoa of politics,' observes the Melbourne Lm: 'by the d:fficultio3 and dirlinessof thatal which must be tnn'ollud by them id ){i offort to defeat tho iutrigues ofmenrti find thoir acoount in pandering to local u1 terests and in placating inon of looal i»v fluonoe.' \: A shipment of horaoa for the lndiu,;i market is to be mado from Gladstone a«f«.: end of this month. . , {; Dalby is tho most Unfortunate totto1';.; Q ueonsland {says ' Quid Nuno' in tho ChMH i ville Tinws). Everything seoms to cowprty to play*?* low dowu on the place, and its W.-. ghera :..-.) always in trouble. ThiatimsW! Municipal Council is tho difficulty,- ;.*»? corporation is in a ' bung' conuition, M«i the looal paper, voicing popular. Bontimtjy; suggests that it should » complacontlj . give up the ghost and attend w, own funeral.' This it stoutly . refw ,; to do so long as somoone. can' found to run tho show. The majority! the allotments within the suburban »», have long sinco been repudiated by ttw : owners, and are consequently non rerew . producing. The incomo for rates JaJtll»V' ? squares the exponse of thoic collection | while the whole caboose only onaU on 'I toleranco of the Government, to whemi u I indebted in an amount for whioh W|e?'™;l town would be little moro than nuadeqjw ? soourity— a yearly incronsing liability. .i» | 4o ir,,!.™,! n tnolmiplinlv stato of affairs. a»,| wonder the Divisional Board declines to w.| eaddlod with tho incubus. . I Sinoo tho 1st of July, 18,314 N« ?'Tj have been receivad at Kookhamptonfwmt1'! . A point to point SteaplBohaM ttjtojl auspiens of the Brisbano Hunt Olno w ? contested on Saturday aftoruoou at W ? ? plains, and had u sud termina'aoo, « JJ-BH» | man named Charles jrortimor, ngfla,'''j being killod through his horso coining -»«? at one of tli3 fonota and falhnjf^n n»| This took place a short distanoo «f»m j'| rosidonco of his parents who had (5l«*'l'u I invitation to tho mombjra of tho qiu»»| attend lunohoon, and at tho time , of «| occurrence tho mouibors of hia »'»'» JJt, 1 ?iw.iiting tho arrival of the guosts topan»v ? of luncheon. . '-fl A settler in the M-in^Uiiioko sattleins n | has, according to tho New ZtalanH wm voalUod £90 nn nor.) from » Potato,C|?i whioh oost him JB16 an now to V\m Another aettler from 40 aores of l»n» MWH m] um com Ki pigt kit mwu.y I ??' ,?'-.???:.?.,??? .-, V .- ^Hl C^rTIfoNdllMilTovangolist, aud -rhoKov. j. ^ 3 a Buitk6) or{,rtni8t and his co-woi hi i . j . mis8i0U iu Brisbane .Bin(!Or,oommn ™Ul ^ QmbmnM oa Su' .l!H-. nXothetlmo appointed for Hall «cu «' * J^'^rBiiyH « Mr. MoNeill th0 serv o^ rusonant tews, with a spoko i» ° ™ '011t. Iu Ms delivery intonso .SgM ScotoW'*^ wUh th0 moat Undly cirnoBtnesa » v(jr goon npparenfc thnt humour, and l vv ftedJwitb tho cnpaoii.y of tl.o/P^sraad of portraying his 4l f»Jn|$1hXhto with glowing words and iml-tt, f™ H\b rosoue and aholter of un' AlI?llen which hM boen «'8tftb)i8h {otU.nj»to woman, w ABgltoan churoh od under then »F Lft(, NoruiftU in IinsUtvuu, '»- -*?— - l^twook. m iTf spring meeting wbb concluded \- Wwifk on Saturday. The principal at^ oBandwick Plate,, was won by evont, tno xv dBSpito his defeat m the SITS 'proved liLolt to be the best D? % uniting. Patron was second, nnd rifSrythM. The race was run in S», birfmr the fastest time on record for Kandwick. _ a svdnov telegram reports :— Tno electric A Sjimoj io h . 1U1, carried 'f K'l t in tho produce of a large »i ?h r The installation is very com Rfl a d succossl'ul. For fclio present the I mm. y 1 «muno itself to lighting the ? ' nt iii ii very short timo it will, bo in Stion o li«l.tya»d supply motive power f«d?n«s. ''I'll' s«ll01»° la considered one t L Irwlcst engineering foats over nmnlWwd in Australia, whilst tho trans 8C- ?,« t 're tho largest in the world, S tteS. 'Wogolhw form a new o» in i t,ii ilovfloptneot in Australia. Tho **' , 3 supplied from the- Gam Sh .& 0 mile* from HillBrove. The Xtme «orts have been carried out by m l'llmiM- »»d I ho electric portion of tho ™r'k bv Coinplon and Company. W ith the f ,i,,,.-nmtv the low grade mines in Sw'ean now be worked profitably. The production of sugar from beota in Soutlu-iu California already ranks ns the n£t promising and most profitable industry, Z lit is espected that in a few years the 1 1 is 000 ' 0C i now sent abroad for sugar will lltvl The California?! formers have nrnd cd the richest anil bast Doots on »» «.ga« extract being from 3 to G «r cent, butter than France and Germany. Whilst Kuropcun cultivators count on $;W pracranstho cost of producing beets, the Obini (C.al.) growers have reduced tins to li,B neighborhood of $25.-£ohmkhw- Planter. A ehnslly sight was witnessed the other dw in the church of St. Bernard la Chapelle. ? Two funerals were going on. in Pans, as » well known, funerals are managed by the municipality, and there are certain clasBes withftnuscouding scale of foes. Both the funerals in this chso were ot the poorest r .__ —,i --u« ««*««« on which there were no plates, wore idnntwal in appWffance. After tho collins had been placed m the church, the bearers had forgotten which was which. There was nothing for it but to unscrew tho coffins and got the relatives in each jiso to identify tho body, aud this was accordingly done. The affair caused a very painful sensation among all who were pres ent. It appears that tho funeral parties arrived just us a marriage service was going on, and thoy ban to wait, whonco no tioubt tho net of forgot fulness that had such un pleasant consequences. Alnrgo establishment of racehorses kept by awonmti ssema an extraordinary thing, yet one ia in existence at Newmarket, Eugland, and is kept by Mrs. Clialoner, who not only owns tho business, but is herself an energetic trainer. She seems to lia\o nveu always in the vicinity of a racing stable, and to be related to some well-known jockeys and twiners. Her father, John Osboruo, was an eminent Yorkshire trainor, and her brother was equally well known as a jockey in sport ing circles. Her husband Tom Chaloner, too, was widely known. This lady, though spend ing her life among horses, is not what is generally described as ' horsey,' indeed few people, seeing tho f[uiot mannered woman who is such a regular frequenter of race meetings, would recognise in her the succo3e ful trainer, me u Arcyg aim t- usuus, oi juaunim i (remarks a contemporary), have a formidable I rival for London ' society ' honours in Mrs. I I J. B, Kobinson, wife of the South African I I ?{ eoid man, be who was the first to exploit tho I I ^Witwatersrand deposit ot banket. He is I I teid to bo a multi- Millionaire. J, 13. himself I I Is an unassuming fellow, but ' tho missus ' I I U ambitious. They are both ruled by a swell I j butler, I A good story is told in tho Scottish Leader I tegardiug a coal strike in Scotland. Dr. I McGregor in his prayers ' used to remember I 'all those who travel by land or sea,' and I lomotimes added, ' and all those whose lab- I or is underground.' On one particular I Sunday during a strike, he went over tho I Usual prayer, incorporating tho clause as to 1 underground laborers, and Bigniflcently added after a slight pause, when at work.' I The congregation who were paying higher I prices for coals enjoyed the qualification. J HiEow- E, Metehs— Your letter, replying. i to one published three weeks ago, has been I received, but the subject has now lost nil I Interest for our readers, besides a very fair I amount of space has already boen given up I foe its discussion. 