TALK ON 'CHANGE. We are having a boom in cricket, and "Felix" is happy becanse he thinks be will have the whole paper to himself. Bat I have a word or two to say on the sabject from the point of view of the general public, of whom on cricket matters I am a humble unit. I desire to give heartfelt thanks that the dayB of the stonewaller are nearly over. His mis sion was to break the heart of the bowler. He didn't do that, but he broke the heart of the public. The batsman who breaks the bowler's heart is he who scores four off every loose ball and off many that are not loose, but in such a man the general cricketing public rejoice, and they sing with me— Not for me the fierce excitement of the struggle in the straight, Nor the angler's drowsy pleasure when the beauties take the bait. With a sandwich in my pocket all my troubles I forget, On a seat beneath the spreading elm when Billy Bruce is set. If the bowling's off the wicket don't he rattle up a score? But if itta straight it's ell the same, he pulls them round for four. He drives them to the longfield, he cuts them deep or square; You bet your life it's lively while Billy Bruce is there. Yes, I like my game of cricket when the pitch Is sound and true. When the Bward is green and lively, and the sky a spotless blue, And our captain wins the toss; O then it really does me good To see that lively batsman in and laying on the wood. I like to see the other fellow^ holding getting dope, I can't regret the catches the oppodng fieldsman drops. Give me a good square contest where both skill and pluck are tried; But if there's luck, I must confess I like it on my . ride. I criticise the players, and I always think it nloe To help a puzzled captain with a bit of goodadvioe; I watch the game so closely, I can always let him know When to take a bowler off and give another chap a ehow. When a fellow cannot hit the ball, or isn't game to try, I tell him confidentially he ought to go and die. But the sweetest draught of pleasure that the general public get Is when die pitch is playing true and Billy Bruce is set. Scientists cannot tell where. lies the boundary line between the animal and vege table kingdoms. When they have found out they may attack the far mor$ difficult and more important question, What 1b the dif ference between a senior and a junior cricketer? It is. not age, for J. have seen many an acknowledged senior of less than 20 and many a corpulent junior of 40. After years of anxious study I thought I bad dis covered that the difference lay in the matter of proficiency. " A senior," I Baid to myself,' "is a skilful cricketer, and a junior is a less skilful one." Loose as this classification was it won't hold, for in Sydney nine "juniors" have made 443 runs against the best bowling of England, and then on the same wicket hare knocked the Englishmen down like ninepins, and only time saved them from a most ignominious defeat. At present I am inclined to think that a "junior" is an older man than a " senior," and plays better cricket. Thus do our words change their meaning. The Bible uses the words "let" and "hindranoe" as synonymous. Hamlet says—" I'll make a ghost of him that lets me," meaning "obstructs" me. "Felix's" grandson will write of future youthful BruceB and Trotts that they have distinguished themselves very highly amongst the seniors, and have, in fact, shown almost "junior" form. And he will recommend the cricket club's of the period to keep their eyes on the j seniors who play on turf in neatly enclosed | grounds, for they may find several men well | worthy of a trial amongst the juniors on hard wickets, and he will point out that the seniors cannot be expected to develop junior form unless some inducement is held out to them. A contempt for mere life as compared with consideration for the higher object of money was very touchingly illustrated at a railway station juBt on the edge of the suburban radius. One of the residents came to the station accompanied by hiB "little by "—a long overgrown youth with a vacuous look. " If I get him work in town," said the father, " what'H it be oosten me to sind him in be thrain ivery day?" "Just about 17s. 6d. a month," the Gtationmaster explained. The farmer was startled. "Go home, Bill," he said with decision, and then in explanation to the stationraaster, " I'd hang him fusht." This surely is a telling indictment of the high freights and fares policy. " The fountain of grace has dried up at Holy Trinity," observed a worshipper at that sanctuary—famed amongst churches for the perfection of its musical service. " Indeed," said one of the listeners, " how did that happen!" "Oh, just through a change of incumbents," was the reply. "We used to have Torrance; now we've a Drought" It was a party at tennis ; and one of the players, a gentleman who placed them very accurately, had the misfortune to have loBt one eye. One of the ladies, complimenting him on his play, said, "What a very correct eye you have, Mr. Smith," and the simple observation suddenly assumed an awkward significance under the cir cumstances. Later, the young lady's mother pointed ont how unfortunate was this unintentional alluBion to Mr. Smith's defect. " It was the singling out his one eye that made it unfortunate," she pointed out. " What should I have said, mother !" she asked. " Ton might have remarked/How very correct both your eyes are, Mr, Smith,'" suggested the thoughtful old lady. Towardsthec ose o the laBtshootingseason; a friend of min : shooting on one of the Murray lagoo is had the good luck to bag 51i teal from two barrels of an ordinary fowling piece. At least he thought it good luck then, and his deeds were duly lauded in the local press. But the par. was copied intoj other country papers, and has come back to him since in all guises, headed "Tom Pepper Outdone" or " Munchausen Knocked Out," while the New South Wales papers, with that poor want of faith which so seriously hampers federation, invariably put up the brutally frank head-line, "The Champion Liar of Victoria." If there be but one child in the house, a girl especially, the pet name Baby lasts a long time, but in one instance lately it seemed to me to have been carried to excess. Going through some portraits I found one of an infant "Who's thisf I asked. "Oh," they explained, " that's Baby's child." A lighthouse-keeper had been on one of the islands for three years without a break, seeing very little of human life except when the Lady Loch called with supplies. When he got his leave for a few weeks and came aBhore one of his friends met him at the pier, and, naturally curious as to what sort of re creation alightbonse-keeper wouldseek, asked where he was going for his holidays. " Not a yard further than Smith's pub.," was the emphatic answer, as he pointed to the one hotel of the fishing station. "The Professor" was astonishing the audience with his achievements as the great man-fish, which were realistic, being car ried out in comparatively about the same bulk of water as people give to goldfish. " The Professor," explained the gentleman in evening dress, who rnns the show on such occasions, end offers fabnlons sums to any amongst the audience who can do the same thing." will now smoke a cigar under water— proving without a doubt that he is as nearly as possible amphibious." "What is am phibious, daddy!" said a youngster sitting near me, and daddy without hesitation ex plained, " means he can't draw bis breath/' What a touching thing is the child's faith in the parent's infallibility, nntil through -the interference of some meddling schoolmaster they begin to find the old man out. A lucrative business is done in good times by a number of persons in foretelling the future to clients for a consideration. One lady, whose prices range from fid. to 5s. ac cording to the quantity of information re quired and the credulity of the victim, had occasion to part with her servant recently. She sent the girl home to her mother with a note, explaining that she had no fault to find with her, but unexpected circumstances had arisen which compelled her to retrench. Now no event should be unexpected in the life of a prophetess, but worse was to follow for the letter ended thus" It is a world of change, .and we none of ub know what is going to happen." One of the unexpected things which' bad happened was a falling off of customers. People cannot afford a peep into tlie future nowadays. It is as mnch as they can do to struggle along in the present. One of the residents of a border town, let's call it Barataria, had come to town, and a friend asked him how things were looking up there. The countryman, who considers his town a hot one, said, " Well, if I owned both Barataria and Hell, I'd live in Hell and let Barataria." ' "Have you any Three Star brandy," said the weary traveller, as he ranged up to his' berth at the rear of the bush. shanty. "I don't know whither Oi hov any three star," j said the landlord, " but Oi hov Bome of the I ralesthutt here, and twoglaBseB uv it'll make; you see fourteen stars any day—comets, too, be JaberB." But the weary one took no interest in astnanomy. They played a cruel trick pn a new chum while out sea-fishing a few days ago. He was fishing over one side of the boat and his friend Jones over the other, and when Jones pulled in quietly to look at hiB bait he found that he had caught the novice's line, and as they sat back to back the spirit of mischief prompted him to a joke. Getting a good grip of the thick schnapper line he gave a couple of tugs as of a fish biting. The novice pulled, and finding he had something big on pulled again desperately, while , some of the party entreated him to "play him, but give him no slack," and so on. The tug of war went on under the keel of the boat until the novice was perspiring with excite ment and exertion. Jones, choosing the instant when the new chum was making a desperate effort to get in line, let go sud denly, and the fisherman, picking himself out of the bottom of the boat, where he had rested momentarily on the back of his head and his shonlders, with his feet in the air, gasped, " I've lost him." He made a repu tation as a fisherman through having played for half an hour the biggest fish ever hooked in the bay, but he cannot see where the laugh comes in when, in describing the battle, he says simply, " I'll swear he must have been as long as Jones." WOOMERA. 