PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. (BT KLKOTBIO TELEGRAPH.! I BOBART, Tuesdat. ] The Hon. w. Gellibrand has evidently no a-mpatby with tbe unemployed difficulty ot artisans out of work. The latter he characterised as a cUei cf men who ibonJd ba above accepting relief wcrks. inferring geneially to tbe qntstion, he ssked where the thing was poibg to stop, tie tuld the Ltgta alive C» uocil that tnr.ic were hun dreds - f producers in the colony «ho, whin they made their bonks op by the etd of the yetir, Unod that they had not made A.ru tb&n; tour ehtJlisgs a day. worn me Aisemoiy met to-aa.v ihsrc was a comparativel) |thin House, owing to non' arrival of the Northern contingent. The Treasurer brought down a new resolution, providicg for dealing with the Customs This was at ence stircd ppoo by tbe leader' I ot the Opposition to raise a coniLUutknal question, contending that Mf&iiters; bad ignored Parliament by Inserting items in the resolution adopted by the House without tbe consent of those who were responsible for tbe passing of that recolu* tlon. They held that Minister* bad no authority for such a course of action. 9hli led to a lengthy and samewhat heated dis cussion, in the oourae ot whioh aereral bard knock* were administered from both sides. When fairly cornered the Attorney-General, o& behalf of Ministers, assumed the aggrei* sive, and quoted trom Mr Peel and Mr Glad stone in support of the position taken up by the Government adding that he would pre fer to follow snch men as those referred to rather than the leader of the Opposition. Mr Lewis, not satisfied, again oamu to the charge, pointing out that it would be only adopting a proper course were Minis ters to withdraw the former resolution in Eavor of tbat before the House. This led to another debate, and ultimately tbo sugges tion was agreed to ;.bnt the Opposition had its fighting armor on and again came to the charge, and it was not until a division was called for, and the obstructionists defeated hy 16 to 4, that the member* of thenparty subsided. When the item of education was under consideration to-night the late Premier onca more trotted out bis hobby— that of making the polise truant inspectors instead of keep ing them pacing np and down the streets doing comparatively nothing, became a policeman was not oalled npon to catch a thief every day in the wdek. Country re presentatives assured the House that police men were in tbe habit of affording every assistance to tbe Boards of Advice. This contention did not satisfy several members, who contended tbat the duty was being belter performed by truant inspectors, the member tor Rlngarooma going so ftr as to aay that when the du'y devolved upon the police tbe Education Act was practically a dead letter at L&ua-; ceston, and would be eo again were the services of the truant officer dispensed with. Tbe item was ultimately agreed to. During the discussion on the item ' Valua tor ' in the Customs the Treasurer stated that the valuator was absolutely necessary to protect tbe revenue. Hti regretted there Were many houses which falsified invoices, tbe *t»te of commercial morality being very low. n« bad inatmcted tbe Onuoms antno rliies, wherever a' salted 'invoice was detec ted, to closely watch all goods shipped by the bouse issuing the invoice, and all goods re- I ceived by tbe T*smanian House, and in | future all such goods would be opened. Mr Henry confirmed what the Premier stated, but qualified the statement to the effect that only a small percentage of the Importers 'salted' invoices. The valuator, he said, had iavtd tbe Treasury many thousands of pounds. The Licbnbikq Act.— In the event ot a licensed hcu«c bung challenged for trading after boars or on Sundays a common device to elude detection is to eccape by means ot the back premises, and the ingenuity ot the i police haB been brought into play to circum* I vent such courses. A case ot this kind will ' be dealt with at the Police Court on Friday. I Early on Sunday morning last Sergeant I Hoir and tuo constables suspected that illegal di Inking was going on at the York Hotel, in York stieet, and in order to effect a capture the constables gained acccts to the bBck premiiee by climbing over some interv- ning obstructions. On tbe sergeant knocking at ths front door and demanding a^misfcion a rtampede was made lrom the premises to thote at the rear, those con cern* d, however, finding the constables in waiting to receive tbem and take their names, and duly report the occurrence. The Kmpire Specialty Coiipasy.— TbiB comp. ct little company cen'iuued their 1 season at tbe B pu Theatre last evening, I and played to another crowded bouie. Tne audience appeared delighted with the efijrts of the company to provide amusement. The , first part, as utual, consisted ot songs, and -.v«t„. number received a decisive etcore. Every member seems to have become a i general favorite, and those who wish to I enjoy a hearty laugh ctn enjiy themselves ' at tbe B j.u. The entertainment will be repeated to-night. She Labob Bureau.— Tbe manager ot the bureau states that during the week in wbirb it has been opened be has registered 168 names of the unemployed. Ot these 40 have been engaced breaking stone for the Corporation at K.illaf*ddyt and 16 for the Government in similar occnpation. Eight offer* cf work from cittEeos have been at* tended to. The maniger witbes to remind residents that email jobs to afford casual em DI05 ment will be gladly received, as about 100 men are waiting engagement. C&iu-rkk;'s Cantata. — A new and chinning cantata, wbich has been io pre paration for some months past, and called 'Qoeen lUvcl,' will be performed in St. j Jobn't icUool-rooni on Friday evening, com mencing at eight o'clock. It abounds in I iparkllng Bongs, ducts, and choruses, tbe I words being cbi* fl y Uken frcm old nnrsery lujiuco, 'uirniii nus ruuuiug iciuugu out, which revive old and pleasant memories. The recitative parts have also been v«*ry carefully studied, and a most enjoyable fcvvninR is in store for those who attend. Tbe programme includes the nanus of the Children of several well-known citizens, and the yoncg and enthusiastic performers, to- , get her with tbe ladies who have so caiefully trained them, deserve every suexss and enconragement. BsACONEriELD.— Our Beaconsfield corre spondent wiites under date May 28 A very singular accident occurred here on Saturday to a little girl six years of age, the daughter of Mr Hobby. She fell duwn an old dry shaft SOft deep. Her little com panions called for help. A man oame and procured a rope and went down the tbaft and disoovered that tbe child wue n.t mach hurt, but, as she said, 'only cold.' She did not fall the full depth of tbe Bhaft, but went down fully 20ft. There was some old timber to prevent her going deeper. It was a miraculous escape, for six weeks ago tbe same shaft was full of water.— The tim-s are improving gradually hero. The empty ?hops in Weld-street arc being fast taken np. There was one new indosiry started list week, Mr Zanker fiom Lannceston having opened a cabinetmaker's shop, and the above g. nilemea being a first-class artisan is likely to do well. Meteorological.— Mr H. 0. Kingsmlll, meteorological observer, faraishrs the follow ing notcB ot observations for the week end ing Sunday, May 27 Rainfall— Zeehan, 4'82ln 5 Waratab, 4in, 6 days ; Carnarvon, S 25 ; Oorinna, 2 42 - 4 ; Eagle Hawk Neck, 2 24 ; Bagdad, 187; Boutbport, 161—4; Borell, 1 80-6 ; Bemine, 1 27—4 ; Mount Nelson, 128 — 4 ; Springs (Mount Wellirg* ton), 2 69 ; Hobart, 1 BO— 4 ; Apslawn, 97— 1; Avoca, '79—2; Falmootb, *68—1; Cir cular Head, 51—s; Oatlands, *45—2; Mathinna, *40— 1; Burnie, *84— S; Deloraine, 24 — 2; Low Head, 07 — 2. Hobart.— Barometer corrected — Max., 80'SUu on 26th ; min., 29 26in, on 22nd. Temperature in shade— Max., 60Jeg on 24th ; ain , S9Jeg on 26th and 27th, Temperature in sun Max , 117 deg. on 24th. Sunshine— Max., 7|hrs on 23rd; total 82brs, Evaporation in shade, 9in, Prevailing winds, N-, N.W., W. The week bfg.n wi.h N W. wind and falling barometer wbich broopbt a good deal of rain, 1 Min falling on the 22nd. This was followed hy. fino and cold weather. 4 beautiful lunar rainbow, faintly colored, was visible on the night of the 26th in a perfect arch, about U o'clock. Two large sunspots are now visible. Tub Wee ley aj? Ookfebekcb — The General Conference of the Wesleyan Church ot Australasia met formally on Friday I morning. An address of greeting to the | British Conference was adopted. In the afternoon (says an exchange) the members j ot the conference attended at Government ! House and presented to the Governor an ! address assuring Bis Excellency of their loyalty to tbe throne and person of Qaecn Victoria, and remarking on tbe social and moral progress of South Australia. The president said the oonfvrenc* represented all the colonies of Australasia, as well ss missions in tbe Bonth Seas, including Fiji, 8amoa, Tonga, New Britain, and New Guinea. The Earl of Eintore, in acknow* .'edging the address, siid when psssin? lately throngh tbe Fijian gronp he met t n all sides evidences of tbe noble work carried on In those islands during many years by the Wesleyan Ohurch. Accident —Our Peloreinc correspondent reports:— On Monday last a boy of 18 son ot Mr W. A. Johnstone, of Mocot PJearant? near Delondne, was thrown from hie ponyj and snstaiced dislocation and f raci are of ad elbow joint, Master Johnstone was brought to the surgery of Dr. Morris, where he was put under chloroform by Drs. Morris and Cole, who socceaafnlly reduced the injur, and the boy is now doing well. RiBBiTa Destruction Acr.— At tbo P0U00 Offifid, Campbell Towo, on. the SBth Inst,, Mr B. O'Connor, of Ooncorville, was . charged by the district inspeotbr with negleoting to destroy the rabbits on tbe Bothbury estate, Mr O'Oonnor pleaded not guilt?, but the Bench, Messrs F. Hart (Warden), and Norman Nicolson, J.P., after hearing the evldenoe of the inspector and Mr O'Ooasor in his defence, considered the - charge proved, and tnflioted the penalty of At and costs. Sxpbkss to Hobibt^— The following members of Parliament left here for tbe capital by the express, whioh lefc at ll*4& a.m. -esterday : — Hon. Jas» Gibson Messrs. 5. J. Batton, W, J, M'Williama, G. O. Gilmore, P. Barrett, A. HaCdonald, F. Archer, and H. Dumareeq, M's.H.A Judge Adams was also a passenger by this train. Labosmx. — Charles Donton was yesler day arrested by Constables Bowe and New* tt?ad on a charge of having stolen a silver watoh and gold chain, the property of Edward Gibbons, of Victoria-street The charge will be heard by the Bench at the Pollco Oourt this morniog. JBwe at Jeru&aleu.; — The Anglican biinop of Jerusalem, in a letter to The 'iimet, give tome faots which show that the Jews are pouring into Palestine. About 100,000 Jews have entered the Holy Land daring the last fdw years, and ' the arrival st a vaster host is imminent.' ' No one,' he goes on, ' oan possibly forecast the next &cvea; years of Jewish immigration,' If tbe bishop's view ot what is going on is correot, wc are face to face with a fact that may re volutionise the politics of Mediterranean Aala. Already the raUwajs are opening np tbe country between the coast and Jeru- 1 sslem and Damascus, and if a Jewish im migration on a large scale is added to tbif, Syria may become once more one ol tbe most important places in the East. Com menting on this, tbe Spectator remarks that tbe Idea ot the Jews again possessing a country}l» a verj|snrioss one. Epoorsxm Wellington.— There it (says tbe Wellington correspondent of the Otago Daily Timet) woe among the local spiritua lists, and the wide band of tbe policeman bas fluttered the spooks. 1 cannot better the Biory told by the Pott. Here It is : — M Two arrests were made by the police last night which, it is stated, will lead to some very sensational disclosures. The prisoners are a oonple named James and Piiscilla Beckett, who are presumably brother and sister, and who have been lately practising so -called spiritualism in various parts of the city and suburbs. James Haokett is a professed medium, and hit sister acts, it is B&id;, in the capacity ot assistant. On a reo-nt night there was a scanc* held in tbe room engaged for the purpose at Petone, at which some 14 or 1£ persona wero present, Including a police constable in plain clotheB. The latt«r attended by invitation, but, in consequencc of a com plaint wbich had been made to tbe police tbat the alfrir was an imposition, Butler bad orders to watch the whole performance very closcly, and if he dctccted anything which could be reckoned on as material for a case he was to sciea it. It is said that the prcceedings were of a most ex traordinary character, tbe Hacketts call ing up several alleged departed spirits which were supposed to be materialised and able to hold communion with those present. In one of tbe most impressive parts, when tbe luminous form of a supposed spirit appeared from the rccetBes of a cabinet, one ot tbe audience Felted hold of tbe 'apparition* and calied for the lights. The spirit turned out tc be nothing more than a piece ot gauze which the medium enabled to manipulate from behind a ourttln. Hackett and bis assistant were arrested, and tbe paraphernalia, consisting principally ot a bottle ot photphoriced oil and a quantity of gacae, said to be need in cotjancii^o with the oil for the purpose of producing ' ghosts,' was seieed. It ' is stated tbe medium received £6 for every sitting, and tbat several pe pie have parted with con siderable sums ot money to him. The Hac ketta were brought up in the Magistrate's Court and charged with b«.viog conspired together to defraud F. A. Vaughan. Accused were allowed bail in two bonds ot £26 each and their own bonds ot a similaT sum. A second information has been laid against James Hackett, charging him with having pretended to exercise an enchantment and have communion with the spirits of tbe dead.' The best place for Fur Collars and Oapes. T«o hundred manufacturers' sam ples beugbt at big discount. Prices range from 2s lid to 60s, Hardly two alike. Inspect the valne. J. H. Room, 86 Brisbane-street. Mr B You&g.; ot tbe City Boot Shop, George and Oameron streets^ notifies in another column that he has jast opened a large shipment of ladies', (rents', and chil dren's boats, shots, and slippers, which he is selling at the lowest possible prices. Castlt-y Bro«. notify they have just landed a splendid lot ot Muscatel table raisins, Jordan almonds, new figs, and preserved ginger. A telrgram addressed 'Mrs Bourke, Ga.vin street, Invermay,' 1b lying at tbe lcctl Telegraph Offiee awaiting the owner. It ie notified that the public can buy iron* | imagery, ejtcirupiaie, eic.,very mncn uliow the nsual prkes at Mr Frank Hart's clear out aale. A concert will bo given by the 44 Mavis' Musical Society in the Mechanics' Institute ball on Wednesday, June 6. Mr S. J. Woollty, 166 Obarles-itreet, noti fies that a single pail ol boots or shoes can be obtained at bis establishment at genuine wholtstle pilces. It is notified by advertisement in another I co'.umn of this issue that caniidatej lor the I Trinity Oollegc (London) examination, tj be I held on June 9tb, mty o'.tain their number : cards by applying to the scoretary, Mr W. W, Thornthwaltc, Oameron-street, To-n'ght, at 780, in the Tabernacle, Oimi tlere-street, tbe B*v. E. Harris will deliver a lecture on ' The Infallible Baok.' 