VERITIES. At a meeting of the Aborigines Protection Society on Thursday a letter was received from the Superintendent of Police at Armi dale, bringing under the notice o£ the board the undesirable practice of benches of magis trates ordering blankets which were branded as belaneinetothe aborigines to be supplied to destitute Europeans. Two men at Glen '— lnnes were given blankets, and on arrival at Arnadale were lacked up for having the ' blankets in their possession. They were die charged from cnitody on receipt of a tele gram from Glen lnnes. That wasn't much coawlation though for the delay, discomfort, and degradation caused them through no fault of their own. It is to be hoped the iliniiter foi Justice will move in the matter. Freetrade matters are not exactly tana tning out Botany way. A branch of the Jfieetrade Electoral League has been formed there, and George Wriggler Beid went aDd poured forth, some ot his ever ready flatulence on the occasion. 'Alderman J. J- Uacfaiyn was nominated by the association as the Freetrade candidate for Botany, but Mr. \V. fiteDhen, and Sir. W.i Stephen's committee, laugh that nomination to Bcoin. Mi. Steohen holds a requisition signed by up wards of 100 electors in that, district and is it to be expected (he asks) that he will make way for the nominee of an association of less +hnn 200 persons. Nary bit. Consequently the MacfadyE will find Stephen in tie field « agin, him,' but will beat him all the same. :^~--'^3ently this is the paiiing-ofE season :— MATEIMOSY.— WIDOW, ;6, ?wishes B«i Gentleman of m£*39* affectionate dls podtion. Geacifle, P C, C ilo:d-ittfceu '\f ATBIHO^T.— GtnilemsmreuM be pleased laoj or Widow Tie*- o: afco-e. C U W, Park bireetPO. Aa affectionate appeal :— PBETIT WIDOW.— Ala staying tt the jietrop. Will jsu tend a line mere. ?Kill _ . tsJteisesi;. £ T,J3^b=-J. Take it easy by all means : and perhaps the lietrop. barmaids will assist yos. Sow that they have brought Liverpool to Manchester by means of the Ship Canal, they are going to bring Manchester to Liverpool. A liTeipool tradesman writing to the « Daily Pest ' :— '?' Can any satisfactory rea eon be given why cotton mills should not be erected and worked as pajing concerns on the banks of the Liverpool and Leeds Canal, at and near Liverpool ?' There may be some explainable cause »e to why this cannot be done, but I think the bulk of the inhabitants of this city fail to see it. If these milis could he worked, and the port further improved by a reasonable reduction of dues by the Mersey Socks and Harbor Board, it may turn out ? that Liverpool will have cause te bless Man N chestei for the cutting of the Canal.'' 1 The Moderator of the Presbyterian General Assembly has-keen voted £30 to defray cer tain expenses. Those expenses appear to iave been chiefly incurred for millinery of a resplendent kind. The Moderator, when presiding over the assembly, decks himself out in a gorgeous manner, more suggestive -ol tht cock which crew three times, than an ordinary Minister of the Gospel. Hcie is the regalia;— '.A fine black cloth clerical coat, -trimmed with fisgsof fine biaid, and 'ruffles of cream lace on the breast and ' wrists, imeebreechea of black cloth, silk stockings, and shoes with silver buckles ; a . cassock, eurmounted with a scarlet hood sig ; nifying hi»- academic standing, bung on his I I ehou'ders.' He should add a Trig, cocked- | A Glebe (Sydney) teacher is in the habit of ordering children home, and thus shut ting them out from school, it they appear there barefooted. A father, summoned for neglecting to send his boy to that scta»ol, pleaded successfully the teacher's idiosvn cracy as his excuse. A osjste for children booted la icf«ot minds eailnided - What? 'Cos a kid's barefooted, Most he keep empty- headed ': The pauper infant ' dons brown ''! Kich kids preferred to cotter's ! Xkuth lovea to eee the tonbrown Uf liitoaie, uashoi trotters. The suibcam, tinged with ruddy Streaks paling up the stump ; Wh»t if tae feet be muddy: Turn on the hose or pump. bat and sword and then let himself out as a Friendly Societies' Demonstration or sn Orange procession. The Emperor of German; coottapljlts a trip to America :— The Emperor Bill is ? bit of a crank, And does the thing th«t'» ountt, But he'll return « bit ot » \ act, And do the thiaj that's Yankee. For he'll harangue in a nasal twang, And vr«i e the stars and ntnpes ; Asd p'raps converse in Yankee slang, Anil scuff the Yaukee avfivea. His moutb he'll wipe like one of the masi, Jlobt affably ne'il jaw; And call ior hii pipe and he'll call for his jlasa, And he'll cull 101 his cuspidor. The following conversation, accidentally overheard by a deaf man who wasn't listen ing, seems to explain why a certain weekly devou so much space to palmittry, ghost stories, and the like. Editor: -Mr. Coigns, bow many fortune tellers' ads. have we in for to-morrow's issue of our daily sheet ? ' Foreman : ' Nearly a column and a half, sir— lowest rates, of course, but all paid lor, spot cash.' Editor; 'Good. There's corn in Eygpt after all. lell Mr. Hacke to turn ont two columns of Ancient Astrology when he has finished the Police Courts and Clergymen's Conference ; run the ttory of the Haunted Hecse withatptcialhead. and I'll get you an editorial on Divination upheld by Uibiical Authority. These are times when ca=n cus tomers demand every consideration at our handj.': E»v. Campbell Bogers, Congregational paster at Weet Daronport (Tae.), retusingto give up the church keys to three men who claimed the building, was bounced into the street ©e his head and locked out. However, he belonged to the Chnrch militant, and he and his nock battered in the door, and scrafied oat the first -assailants. A Supreme Giurt ejectment suit is to follow. The Church was filled with blood and hair, And battle-oath] were sounded there, A ehamble 'twas, ecod; They battered in the door ! Yet all These saints do reverently call Ttttir church—' The Home of Geil' No wonder that the heathen rage tYhen reading such a bloody page. It'e «ix years' hard for 'larcany,' Six m«suha for ripping with a knife ; One threatens '? sacred property '— The other only threatens life. 'Tis chance's arrow in the quiver. Depending on the Judge's liver ; For, tee how merciful he's been, 'When all is well within bis spleen. 