RELIGIOUS NEWS. St. Peter's Cathedral.— Special eer vices were held at St. Peter'a Anglican Cathedral on Sunday, May 20, the occasion being the ordination of four deRcons to the order of with Majors Seabright and Crane, and Cap tain Milner were present. Matins were chanted, after which tha Revs. R. MacDon n6ll, B.D., preached the ordination sermon. He took his text from Acts xx., 2R, ' Take heed unto yourselves, and to all the flook over' which the Holy Ghost has mado you overseers to feed, to shepherd, to tend, to guide tha Church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood.' In the course of hia exhorta tion the preacher made a short reference to the death of the Bishop of Riverina (Dr. Lmton). The Church mourned now, he said, over another bereaved Diocese which bad had so suddenly taken from it its master and its bead. He prayed that the Holy Ghoct might choose a worthy representative to succeed one whose simple and devoted life was an example to all, and whofell while fighting bravely in the ranks. BiBhop Keunion conducted the ordination service, and he was assisted by Dean Marryat, Archdeacon Morse, Revs. T. Williams, W. S. Milne, and B. C. Stephenaon (Bishop's chaplain). The four deacons ordained were the Rev. A. E. Green (curate to tbe Dean of Adslaide) and Rev. W. A. Moore (ourate to Archdeacon Farr at St. Luke's), both of the Diocese of Adelaide, and thoRovs. G. Griffiths and G. W. Carter, of Broken Hill, in the Diocese of Riverina. The two latter gentle men were to have been ordained by the late Bishop Linton, but owing to tbe audden decease of tha Bishop the power waa delegated to Bishop Kenuion. A Communion service concludod the ceremony. The Late Mh. J. McEwin.— On Sunday evening a service in memory of the Rev. J. McEwin was conducted at the Congrega tiodal Church, Hindruarah-square, by the Rev. J. C. Kirby. of Port Adelaide. In his re marks Mr. Kirby alluded to the services of the late gentleman as pastor of that Church for about twelve years. His charaoter as a minister of God and as Editor of the Christian Colonist was referred to in affec tionate terms. There was a good congrega tion, and special anthems and hymns were rendered by the choir under Mr. F. J. Vardon. An in memoriam service waa preached at Clayton Church on Sunday morning by the Rev. H. G. Nicholl3. After reading ex tracts of letters testifying to the many offices filled by Mr. McEwin during his life, to his useful career, to his sterling in tegrity, and to the good moral influence exerted by him the preacher closed with an appropriate quotation from Bouar, beginning 'Not the beautiful and then the true, but first the true and then the beautiful.' The Churoh was draped with black, relieved with white flowers, and the ' Dead March in Saul' was played by tho orpaniet at the close. A similar service, condnotod by the Rev. W. Wilson, -vas held at the Kilkenny Congrega tional Church. 