IIITE FOLTIES. BY MAY KENDALL, Auahor of " Such is Life," " Drcams to Sell," " Prom a Garrett," etc. (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowdon, Ltd.) [Now PrnerT PcrarcaED.j OHAPTER XII.-(C'ontnucd..) But if I could have my life as I liked it, how would it be thou ? In the first place I would be a better man, and a finer follow altogether as good as Austin, and out of debt. We should have a little money-a thousand a year would do-and I would buy the old house with the roses before it. We should have the moors close at hand, and the sea not very far away ; we should also have the river. There would be woods and clouds, and heather and sunsets, and farmhouse eggs and cream and butter. We should build something for eternity, she and I, between us; and when Austin came to see us we should show him that we were equal to' Turner or Shakespeare when we liked, and he would look reproachful no more. We should name our own price, and pay people to carry on the work of social reform for us, for the remainder of our natural existence; or, which is more probable, for two or threo months, at the end of which we should be weary of ourselves and our great works, and devoutly thankful to come back to the masses, and eat our bread in the sweat of our brows again -but always together. But Austin will never come to see us at the old house, for we shall not be there to be seen. But he and Elsie will be there, or somewhere else, and assuredly I shall not go and see them-unless I go in twenty years, when the debt is paid, and I am old and grey; and, then, probably, I shall not care to go. Austin will take her to Florence and Venice, to the Pyramids, and to the Alps. I should like to see her look at the Alps. I could tell him exactly where she would like best to go. He will take her away from the turmoil, and the old women, and the children's holiday fund, and fill her life with beauty and harmony; and she will only eat her heart out, wishing she were back in the thick of the fight. Well, no; I've no business to say that. Wherever she is she will con trive to live at high pressure, and justify her existence. And she will never marry Austin unless she loves him, and for ever. I don't see why I shouldn't have one day's holiday, like my betters. They can't tell me I am not as thin as a lath, and the colour of chalk. Dr. IL- met me in the street this morn ing and told me I should be a dead man one of these days, if I didn't look out. He has told me that before; but I know one day that I shall be a dead man, whether I look out or no. All the same I should like a breath of sea air, and I have finished up all my arrears before leaving-which gives one time, unluckily, to, make a fool of oneself. Still, no one would be any the wiser, and it grows dark so early now. But I will write my letter and think about it. CHAPTER XIII. A IHOLIDAY. " A weary lot is thine, fair maid, A weary lot is thine, To pluck the them thy brow to braid, And press the roe for wise." -ROKEBY. The Lincolnshire village to which Trevanion addressed his letter was a very small one, though it boasted of a railway station; and Jim had taken rooms at a farmhouse a mile from the village itself, so that he and Elsie were thrown on their own resources for excitement. Austin had boon down and stayed three days, and gone back to London on the Tuesday; and Jim had gone with him to attend some important mooting, and return the next night. So it happened that in the morning, when Trevanion's letter came, Elsie was alone. She had come down light-heartedly, after dreaming he had changed his mind and come to stay with them, and that all his ap parent desertion had been explained, and long before the postman could arrive she found herself looking out for him. There was only one letter when he came at last, but it was the letter she wanted. In another moment she had read it through; indeed, it was brief enough. ' DEAst MISS EVERARD, 'I hope the sea is doing you good. Your brother was kind enough to ask me down I wish I could have come, but I leave for Paris on Thurs day, and have no time to spare. I have had another £150 a year offered me, and it would be madness to refuse it. Still, I detest leaving England, especially as I hardly know when I may see it again. I am sorry I could not bid you good bye. * Yours sincerely, ' JouN TREVANION.' If Trovanion had only known, he would have written a different letter. He would have written all that was in his heart. But he did- not know. We do not know, and it is better. Honestly enough we seek each other's highest interests, but in what impos sible haunts ! When we most of all want light, we are loft most hopelessly in the dark, and in a labyrinth to boot. We grope, we blunder, we mistake friends for foes, and foes for friends; but we learn to trust each other-as we could never do if we saw each other's hearts however true they were. ~ro hope against hope, we believe against belief. What other faith is worth having ? Elsie stood there motionless, the letter fallen from her hands. Not for a second did she doubt Trevanion, but she foresaw how sho must go on waiting for days, and months, and years, and it all seemed unutterably dreary. They did not return to Lon don for another week; when they did he would be gone. There were so many things and people that she learned to do without; this was the worst, worst test. She knew, of course, that we are never called upon really to do without those we love, but just then she only knew it mechani cally. She took up Trevanion's letter and re-road it. He was suffering too. She believed it had hurt him to write it; but even if it had not hurt him, he was unhappy, and- 'If we suffer with him, we shall likewise reign with him,' said poor Elsie, not knowing what she said. But she took up pen and paper and began to write her answer. ' We are very sorry,' she wrote, ' to hear that you must leave England. At least, I am very sorry, and Jim will be when he comes back. I hope you are not going abroad for good, so that you will sometimes come over. Jim and I shall always be the same. We should be glad to hear if Paris is better or worse than London, if ever you have time to write. ' Yours sincerely, ' ELSeE EvEnAnD. She closed the letter, smiling faintly at the editorial ' we,' but not reading it over, lest she should find she had said either too little or too much. Then, putting on her hat, she went out to post it with a heavy heart. She wished she had been in London with a day's work before her, but this ghastly day to come was-what might have been a holiday, if Trevanion's letter had been a different one. She tried to read when she came back from the post-office, but that was a failure. She turned to book after book, but the only fact that rehearsed itself is all of them was that Tre vanion did not know when he should see England again. So she took her violin and played it all over from the beginning, and when she seemed to have played far on into the years to come, she could bear it no longer, and set about writing letters. Oatside, the day was growing bleaker and bleaker. When the letters were written, she made all ready for Jim's coming back, and so the long night mare of a day crept on to evening. But Jim's train did not come in till nine o'clock, and there were still some hours before her. So, though it was beginning to rain rather heavily, she put on her grey cloak and went out only wishing for the night now, when she should sleep, and perhaps dream. The farmhouse was close to the shore, separated only by a low ridge of sand-hills, above which its brown chimneys rose. , Elsie crossed them, and began to walk towards the vil lage. But she had only gone a few yards when she found that she was really tired. Moreover, the wind had risen, and was blowing about the rain, and spray, and sand, so that they seemed to be everywhere; and though she liked it, it was exhausting. The moon was somewhere, but hidden by clouds, and it was very dark. So she sat down by a rough breakwater that ran out into the sea, nearly opposite the farmhouse, and let the elements have their will. She was so near the waves that she could not tell the rain from the spray as they beat on her face, and sea and clouds were one in the darkness. But they felt like kind, dumb friends, Who would have brought her news of Trevanion if they could, but were sorrowful and impotent. Sho knew that on a night like this the shore was utterly deserted, and she might have sobbed aloud if she had had the energy. But she had not; the wind and sea were sobbing enough for all humanity, and she only lay still, feeling like a piece of weed that had been drifted against the breakwater, and found it a desirable resting-place. She was getting very wet indeed, but it did not seem to matter. In two or three hours she would be within doors again, dry and cheerful, in her right mind, and ready to receive Jim. But at pre sent She must have been there nearly an hour when she became aware that the impossible was happening. Some one besides herself was out in that desolate night. Just then the moon shone out, startling her as if it had been a hand laid on hers, but that was not all. A sudden sense of Trevanion's presence, not very far away, took possession of her like har mony of an instrument when a chord is struck. Hardly knowing whether she was dreaming or awake, she rose, and would have gone towards it, but she was far more exhausted than she knew; and almost at the first step, she faltered and~grew dizzy. She re treated to the friendly jetty, but her foot caught in a mesh of the slippery weed that clung about it, and she fell rather heavily against the rough tim ber. Then everything, even the thought of Trevanion, grew dark. CHAPTER XIV. TREVANION REFLECTS. ' Your honourable freedom makes me free, And you companioned, I am not alone.' -C. Roserrz. Something has happened, after all, before I leave for Paris-something almost incredible. I went down yes torday to Lincolnshire, as I han dreamed I might. It was a wild, mad thing to do, but I am thankful now. It was dark already when I reached the little station, and a stormy night. I asked my way very care fully, that I might not miss the house, and I did not mention Everard's name, but the farmer's they are stay ing with. Then I went out into the storm, a soft kind of storm, that blow one in all directions at once; but there was nothing spiteful about it. I began to enjoy myself, especially when the clouds grew lighter, asif the moon wore behind them; and I sould see my way more or less after walking into the sea a few times. By-and-by, when I supposed I must be very near, tho moon really came out; then this happened. I saw there was a breakwater just in front of me, running out into the sea. The wholo thing was enough like a dream already, but it seemed to cross the border, the next moment, when I saw someone lying there. It was Elsie. I didn't know at first whether she was dead or sleeping. Her head had fallen against the wet wood, and the moonlight was on her face and closed eyes, but there was a wonderful look of happiness on her face. I knelt down by her, and then I found that she had fainted. She must have fallen against the timber for one of her hands was cut and bruised-and turned faint with the pain.o I called her by her name-God only knows what else I called her, but she could not hear. Then I took her up in my arms, and carriedt her home-to where I saw the house rising above the sandhills. The wind and rain were in my face, and the moonlight was fitful, but I never made a false step. Oh, I have never been so happy before; I shall never be as happy again ! I kissed her hand once as I went-I knew it would not wake her. I knew I loved her for ever and ever; I should never kiss another woman. Maybe it was for Austin she had looked so happy, as she lay there un conscious-but this, this was for me. It didn't last long; in a few moments we had reached the house, and Fate, or Providence, led me to a side door, opening into a sitting-room -their sitting-room, I expect- that was quite deserted. I opened the door and went in. There was a bright fire, and the lamp was lit, and I laid her down on the couch very gently. The colour was coming back to her cheeks. And then it came across me suddenly that if she woke and found me there she would know my secret; and then -then I should have done all I could to stand in the way of what would be a far better, far happier thing. God knows whether I did wrong or right I only know I did it for her sake. It wasn't pride-I have no pride left when I think of her-but I went out as I had come, and I waited just out side in the porch till I heard steps and voices, and then I turned away. But it wasn't all over. I went wandering about the shore like a ghost; again and again I had my hand on the gate. I was lost, I said, without her. I didn't believe she loved me, but I believed I could make her if I worked on her gratitude then. I knew I could make her love me. I laughed out to think it was I who had carried her home, and not Austin at all. Once I nearly went up to the door; I felt absolutely certain that it was right to knock, and also that I should be a coward and a brute if I did. It is curious how many things one can be certain of all at once, contradicting each other. However, I caught my train. I don't quite know how I did it now. My soul stopped behind and refused to stir; but something-my will, I suppose-took possession of my limbs and walked them to ihe station. Then I got into the train, just in time, and lost all responsibility at once. You can't stop an engine because every plunge of the piston takes you farther from all you love on earth. I was too happy to be miserable, and too miserable to be happy, but by the time I had changed at L- , and got into the express for London, I was too tired to be either. I had a carriage to myself, and I lay down and slept like a log. (To be coniouet.). 