''the sketcher. The General Post Office. The Receipt and Despatch of Mails. How tlie Department is 'Worked. The post-office of modern days is a wonderful institution. For a few pence a letter iR carried all round the -world. Every year adds to .the capa bilities of the system. The Sydney Post Office, which we describe to-day, and of which our artist gives a number of interesting views, is an example of this fact. 'Whilst on a 'voyage of discovery,' not ' all round the house,' but ' all r.iund the head office,' a few days ago, I came across an old document which shows the remark &bl6; aCLVailCU tuat uao uceu uiauc -11 puflttti lunntiro of late years. In an upstairs room occupied by the assistant-superintendent, Mr. J. T. M'Mahon, to whom, by the way, I am indebted for much valu able information, I saw, duly framed and glazed, as indeed was needful for the preservation of so valuable a relic, the table of the despatch and arrival of mails of the Post Office of New South 'Wales for the year 1838. A footnote acquaints the reader with the interesting fact that it was ' printed at the Herald Office, Lower George street, Sydney.' The Government Printing Office was not yet established in those days, and hence th e Herald was rc quisitioned to do Government work. Scanning the notice, I found that mails were despatched for Melbourne, 'Port Phillip, ' every second Saturday at 5 p.m.' It was not, of course, then in the power of business men to grumble every time a special train was not put on to rush the mails through from the Southern colony. I lojkel for Queensland ; but found it not. I dis covered ' Moroton Bay and Norfolk Island' coupled together instead. And mails, it was an nounced. were sent here 'by different steamers as often as thfy sail.' Nor were Newcastle, Raymond Ttiirace, Hinton, and Maitland in much better position. Their mails were despatched by the ' packets as often as they sail, at 6 p.m.' There was, it will be conceded, a glorious uncertainty about the whole of these arrangements which would strike our present officials with horror and dismay. But the public in the year of grace 1838 was long-suffering. This is shown by an intima tion in the notice, which runs as follows : — 'Although the different mails do not leave until 5 o'clock, the office is necessarily closed for their despatch from 4.30 p.m. until 5 o'clock.' Fancy not being able to post letters after 4.30 p.m. Thepostal guide of 1838 is printed on a sheet of paper measuring 12in. by lGiu. The present guide is a well-known book of 258 closely printed pages. Then the old Post Office, of which a picture hangs in the same room, dated 1848, was a small and unpretentious building ; the present is, as every one knows, an imposing and ornamental structure. It is too, a veritable hive of industry. Outside, all day long, there are bustle and confusion. Inside, discipline reigns supreme. The letter-carriers, sorters, and other officials are ' drilled ' into their duties in a manner which would be pleasing to the heart of any Major- General. Our illustrations fchow the priccipal points of interest. Let us fol low a letter from England, bring it to the Post Office, and take it to its destination. People often wonder that letters should go astray. The wonder should be rather that so many thousands are deli vered correctly. The percentage of lo6t letters is, as a matter of fact, remarkably small. The English mails arrive at Adelaide at all manner of odd times, day or night, by mail steamer. It is a 3-5 hours' journey by train to Sydney. They are generally brought into the Post Office in the contractors' vans about noon. They are hoisted by an electric lift into the receiving-room, and the bags are immediately seized by two officers, who have been anxiously awaiting their coming, and opened upon tables built specially for the purpose. The letter portion of the contents isweighe', to get at the average size of mail. The letters are Hot counted, as was formerly the case. About 50 1 letters go to the pound. Immediately they are weighed they are placed on the sorting-table, which is about 50ft. in length, and here the letters are divided into sections. There are a number of pigeon-holes, which include both the city and .the country. From these they are taken by other sorters, who subdivide the letters for a given district into beats for the letter carriers. This process is gone through over and over again as different bags arrive, and it relates not only to the English mail, but to all incoming mails. But, it will be asked, how can it be told when a mailbag iB missing f There is, it may be stated, an officer whose duty it is to read the name on each bag from the seal thereon, and then, when the bag has been opened, the name is again called oat from the label. Entries are made in a daily receipt book. A glance down the book shows whether or not any mails are missing, and a report on the matter is made to the Postmaster General. Floods are chiefly accountable for the delays. But the contractors for her Majfsty's mails are, as a rule, hardy and heroic individuals, and more than one blank space in the entry book would, if it could speak, tell of an untimely death by an humble individual who was trying to per form his duty. The Jot of a letter-carrier, like that of the police man, is not always a 'happy' one. 1 have often been struck by the patience and zeal of these servants of the public, and I made a special point of inquiring into their duties. There are, it 6eems, about 100 attached to the head office. On 'busy' mornings they have to be on duty by 6 o'clock ; on other days they need not arrive until 6.30 o'clock. ' How can you distinguish a busy from any other day?' the reader will inquire. That was pre cisely the question I asked. ' If an English mail arrives to-day,' I was informed, ' to- morrow will be a busy morning.' Again, the first week in each month is always a busy time. That, you know, is when the tradesmen's bills go out. As a matter of fact, the men are informed each evening at what hour they have to put in an appearance on the following day. They seemed collectively a smart lot of fellows, all ablaze in their red coats. And how fearfully busy they were ! It is not generally known that each postman has to keep three books. There are (1) a daily statement-book showing the correspondence taken out at each de livery, (2) a register-book in which he gets a receipt for each registered letter from the public, and (3) a change of address book. In the latter a ' change ' is kept intact for six months. By that time an individual who has been roaming is supposed to be settled down again. If not, he must give notice to the Post Office again, and then a new insertion is made. Each letter carrier, on arrival, goes at once to his table. There are three tables, each about 50ft. in length. Each has compartments, in which the occupants keep books and papers. The postman takes his letters from the pigeon-hole marked with his beat, and proceeds to resort them, plac ing them in such order as will facilitate quick delivery. This work occupies each man from an hour and a half to two hours. Every thing must be finished by 8 o'clcck. At that hour — to the very minute— a bell rings, and all have to take their departure. I noticed that most of the men had finished their work and were awaiting the summons to go. Their egress hour was not necessarily a matter of ease. At the far end of the room, half-a-dozen officers — the sorters who, in the first instance, had divided the letters into beats — beckoned a man here and there mys teriously. Then his packet of letters was undone and his postbag searched. The object wap, I was informed, to find out whether any postman had upon him letters belonging to another district. About half-a-dozen were stayed in this way, but the examination ia each case appeared to bo satisfactory. Some times, of course, it is not. This supervision is necessary in order to detect irregularities, and it may be to stop crime. 'And how many letters do you distribute?' I asked, noting the heavy piles carried away by some of the men. The figures were instantly supplied to me. There were de livered by postmen, attached to the head office, ou the 1st May 33,062 ordinary letters, 321 registered letters, 438 books, and 3462 newspapers. I glanced over the records for other days, and found that the letters numbered 30,657 and 30,614, and then back again to 33,000 respectively. So the figures quoted may be taken as a good average. Having seen the last of the postmen leave, I was conducted into the largest room in the build ing — something like 115ft. by 90ft.— where the despatch of letters is attended to. Naturally enough, I first directed my attention to the letter-boxes. Even at this early hour — 7 o'clock in the morning — people were dropping in letters. They fell into baskets placed on the floor. These baskets are emptied every few minutes. Stamping tables stand near. They are covered with stone, lead, leather, and indiarubber in tho order named. ' How many letters can you stamp a minute,' I asked one official? ' About 100 as a general rule,' he replied ; ' but I can go up to 150 for a little while, when I am pushed.'' Well, he was not 'pushed ' then, so I proceeded to make further investigations, and discovered a sccret. The stamps used are, it appears, changed at given periods of the day. A register is kept of the fctamp impressions in the order they are ueed. Show a letter which has passed through the post to the officer in charge of this bock, and he can tell you in a few minutes at what hour of the day it was posted. This register is acceptable in a Court of law as evidence, and more than once it has been called for to prove, to the consterna tion of an erring witness, the particular time at which a letter was dropped through the box. After the letters have been stamped they are brought to what is called the preliminary dividing tables. There they are sorted into districts — north, south, west, and suburban. They are con veyed to sorters, who attend to the special divi sions, and by them are once more divided — this time into their respective post towns. They are then placed into bags, and as the time arrives these bags are closed, sealed, and sent to all parts of the country. The celerity with which the news papers are thrown into their special bags, which are hung on girders around the place, is amazing. A special portion of the room is devoted to foreign and intercolonial letters. The city letters taken from the baskets are at once forwarded to the receiving-rooms. The mails sent away from the despatch-room daily number 680. The private letter-box room well repays inspec tion. The letters left here for box -holders number 20,000 each day. A special set of boxes relate to letters which have to be called for. I found that no less than '20 of these compartments were de voted to the word W. ' Willib to Wilz ' was the mysterious label on one pigeon-hole. Any name beginning with Will, &c.;, had to be searched for here. The greatest difficulty is found to be with foreigners. But there is an expeit in the department — an officer named Falker — who, I was informed, was acquainted with 17 language?, and who was always found equal to an t mer^ency in the matter of one or two others. Additional provision, made in respect of the delivery of these letters, has been found most advantageous. And where do all these letters left so mysteri ously 'to be called for ' come from? The answer I received was incomplete. It simply amounted to this : that they were ' quite safe.' Only the out side of the envelope is Been by the general officers ME. STEPHEN HAROLD LAMBTON, Deputy Postmastee-Geneeal. (From a photo, by Creelman and Co.) THE HON. JOHN KIDD, M L. A., Postmastee-Geneeal. (From a photo, by Kerry and Co., George -street.) MR. JAMES DALGARNO, SEOEETAEY TO THE POSTAIi Seevice. From a photo, by Kerry and Co., George-sfrcet. ) of the department. Those which are not ' called for' — and they amount to thousands in the course of the year — go upstairs to tbe ' Dead Letter ' office, and are opened by specially-appointed officials, and returned to the senders. Like the ghost in 'Hamlet,' these gentlemen could, if they chose, a tale unfold ; but they take an oath of secrecy, and the contents of these letters are never divulged. I was shown over the department allotted to registered letters. The history of such a letter is soon told. Receipts are given for it from the time it is banded at a post-office until it is delivered to the person it is addressed to, A special division is devoted to the receipt of packets. Their contents are legion. As a rule, it is found that they are well wrapped up. By tho inauguration of the parcels post, packets are now restricted to lib. in weight, aud this has much diminished the work. And what becomes of misdirected letters? ' We puzzle them out,' was the reply I received Knowing the strange characters that some people call handwriting, I expected to be introduced to some one whose hair was grey. But engaged in the work of 'puzzling out' I found a smart young gentleman, who really seemed to enjoy tbe task. He was aided by directories and dictionaries and reference books innumerable. ' People write plain,' he surprised mo by saying, ' but they spell badly. We can read any kind of writing. How? Oh, look at the form of a word, and guess at it.' But what can you do with a letter like this ?' showing me one. ' It is a much com mon form of mistake. For example, an address might run ' Henry Goodman, E»q., Goodman.' The writer doubles the name instead of adding the address.' A lamentable want of geography is shown by all classes of writers. I looked over a heap of letters dealt with, and was surprised to find the strange names given to what I should suppose were well- known towns and districts. The place which sounded most like the word when spelt phonetically was usually ' tried ' first. Some letters are ' tried ' here and there a dozea times, until they reach the right owner. But the errors in direction owinar to carelc-sness were legion, and some of these documents were valuable, containing cheques or money. Generally c peaking, from 7 A to 100 are dealt with each morning. About four-fifths of these are in the end sent to the right owners. Everything has to be carried on at tlie Post Office in the light of day. A strange-looking gallery surrounds the whole of the sorting rooms. Outlets to peep from are met with in peculiar places. Silent men with keen eyes watch from above. They can see all, but Ihey cannot be seen. These are the depart mental detectives. Some official is suspected ; someone is watched. A ' special ' letter is tried. There may or may not follow discovery a criminal prosecution ; but, and truth to say, cases of dishonesty, considering the temptation, are rare. The whole of the work of the department is well done, and the management generally reflects credit upon the authorities. It only remains to add that the mail- branch is superintended by Mr. A. Day, and Mr. J. T. M'Mahon, as mentioned at the beginning of the article, is the assistant superintendent. Both gentlemen are very old officers, each having been in the employ of the department for over 36 years. Mr. R. Iredale is in charge of the receiving- room, and Mr. Clarke has control of the despatch room. 