DUBBO GLEANINGS. — ? ? — ? ? -O— ? ? ? ? Domso, Friday, On Wednesday night a grand concert was bold in the Protestant Hall under the conductorship of Mr. A. A. Kirk land, in aid of tho Wesloyan Trust Fund. There was a good attendance, and the audience was very appreciative. The first item was a pretty duet (piano and organ) composed by Mr. A. A. Kirkland, and ably interpreted by Miss E. Heaydon and Mr. Atkins. Mr. Boarder— who nnaaAOOA[- n Aft oi n f* Un T? tATl O CTAr A the 'Yoenian's Wedding,' in good style. Mrs. Main's ' Will he Come ' was rede manded, but, owing to the lengthy pro gramme, could not respond. Miss A. Heaydon sang very nicely ' My Dearest Heart. The same must lie said of the duet, 'Home to our Mountains,' by Miss . Littlejohn and Mr. Kirkland. After an interval of five minutes Miss Scott gave, in great style, a piano solo from ' Faust, ' and was encored. Mr. M. N. Campbell delighted the audience with her rendering of (Ardill's) ' Let me Love Thee,' and was exactly applauded. Mr. A. A. Kirkland came next and delivered in a masterly manner the 'Village Blacksmith,' and must have been well pleased with the way it was re ceived, 'Oru Pro Nobis,' by Miss Toomey exhibitad that young lady's voice to per fection, and it is to bo hoped that she will be heard again shortly. Mr. L. Partridge essayed 'Rocked in tho Cardie of the Deep,' and the usual depth of his voice, and clear enunciation were favour able commented upon, vigorous applaus, being accorded this gentleman at the con clusion of the last verse, but he only bowed 1.: ? I ? ? nto TUnmmrt Ann. ins auunu\Yit;ugi:uii;ui.o. xuv wu- eluded with the chorus ' Sleep Gentle Lady' by the Choir, Mr. Kirkland liavc ing it well under control. The accom panists were Miss Eva Heaydon and Mr. E. Atkins both whom did their duty to the satisfaction of all coucerned. Yesterday the weather was dull and cold, and there is no improvement to day. The volunteers, under Captain Poane, held a parade in tho park yesterday, nearly the full strength of the company attending. I hear, on good authority, the Cool baggie Ghost is still dodging about Stein's house at Balladoran. Yesterday one of the family came into town with the news that the annoyance had been renewed. In a conversation with one of the family it defied them to shift it, as it expressed the intention of boarding with them wherever they went. Several picnics were held yesterday, tho Presbyterian Church party having one hundred pleasure-seekers at thoir camp near ' old Dubbo.' About 150 people visited Barbigal yesterday, and by all accounts enjoyed the trip. A dance in aid of a charitable object was held in the Protestant Hall last night ; there could have been a better attendance considering the object for which it was given. Mr. O'Meara, who was hon. sec., and Mr. Charley Hunter as treasurer, deserve credit for the manner in which they worked. ; 