LADIES' GOSSIP. Miss Amory, of New York, has started a school where she and her servants train waitresses. Women of slight figures, neat appearance, and quick ways are selected as pupils. Tbe school is said to be a great success, as moat of the waitresses are hired nightly and the pay is from two to three dollars for a single evening. The new University of Wales has provided by its charter for conferring degrees in music on women. This is a new departure, as hitherto women have been debarred trom musical honors. The Princess of Wales is an honorary ilus. Doc. of the Royal University of Ireland ; so also is Miss Annie Patersop, of Dublin, but with these exceptions there is no woman bachelor of music. Tbe Queen was the recipient of some notable presents during her stay in .Florence. When her Majesty went there she was anxious to obtain some memorial of Savanoroia and her purpose becoming known she was offered by a well-known Florentine noble a very interest ing relic of his work. Her Majesty, who was delighted with this present, is reported to have added largely by purchases to her collection ot Italian arc and bijouterie. Froken Concordia Lofving, & Swedish lady, 13 working with much success for the realisa tion of her plan, the erection of an 'agricul- tural colony ' for orphans, where the children can obtain a good and rational education bosh for the body and mind. Between £2,000 and £3,009 have already been collected, and it is under contemplation to buy aa estate worth some £20,000. The remainder of the money will, it is hoped, be raised through a lottery, to which the authorities have given the necessary permission. Mr. Peter Lewis, of Hereford, sends to Nature Notes a marvellous yet apparently well-authenticated, anecdote of a robin who formed a- decided attachment to maiden ladies, sisters of Squire Jones, of Pyle. Wheresoever these ladies walked out in the country their red- breasted companion would acoumpany them, though it was observed that one sister was a greater favorite than the other. If this lady went out the robin would aocompany her at once. If it happened to be the second sister it would wait) to see whether the favorite was coming; if not, Bob would go wiih the other sinter, the aon-favorite. The sisters after a time went to live in Clifton and were in great grief at leaving Bobby behind, but be would not allow himself to be caught. On the way to Chepstow they were surprised to see Bobby tlying alongside by the side of the coach. ''The secret of a bad complexion,' said a well-known physioian recently, is a bad di gestion, and we generally trace that to a bad liver. One of the best remedies for a sluggish liver is cheap and pleasant. Dieting is the secret of the cure. The best liver regulator for persons of sedentary habits — and these are the ones whose complexions are muddy — is found in apples, eaten baked if they are not well digested when eaten raw. I attended the pupils at a well-known boarding school, and among them was a country girl whose complexion was the envy of all her asso ciates. I found that she was a very light eater at her nieale, but she had a peculiar custom of taking a plate of apples to her room at night and eating them slowly as she studied her lessons. This was her regular practice. Some of the other girls in the institution took it urj, and I know as a result of my personal investi gation that the apple-eating girlfl had, witb one exception, the best) complexions of any in the school. That one exception was due to causes which required medical skill to remove. ' A Dutiful Daughter' hopes that she may finally solve the question— Why girls don't marry, has sent her views to an English con temporary, in which she thus disposes of the modern young man :— ' The modern girl de mands more of a man than that he shall be — just not a woman. There is a kind of youth, to be found in any number scattered about the world, {who, although he may be narrow-chested and not very bright in intellect, yet is possessed with the idea that he is a matrimonial prize whioh any girl would gladly snap up if she could get the chance. What girl does not feel herself a misogamist when she comes across a specimen of this genus ? It may seem strange in the ears of some, but it is nevertheless true, that the modern girl prefers the society of another woman, who shares her tastes and interests, to that — ye*, even that of a man — if he has not something more than his mere masculinity to make him interesting. Indeed, the deepening of the capacity of woman for faithful and satisfying friendship with one another is not among the least of the signifi cant signs of the times.' Mrs. Williamson writes thus about 'the corpulence craze' in the World's ' Tea-table TaS: — 'The latest) preventive or cure is on the principle of absorption. Originating abroad, the old-new idea has been perfected here by Miss Jane Sheppard, who sells a suc cessful flannel belt, stuffed with efficaoious herbs and lined with fine waterproof sheeting — moreover, made dainty by elaborate stitch ings and bindings of ribbon. The belt is only to be worn at night, and after a fortnight's use one lady found thr.t she could take several inches from the width of her Bkirts round the hips.' The 'efficacious herbs' are not speci fied (says a writer in the Australasian), and I daresay many people would rather grow fat than wear this very odd form of the girdle of Venus ; but your readers may as well hear of the new preventive. It is very comical to learn that ' similar pads are made to guard against that ugliness the double chin.' Perhaps we shall get) back in time to the mask and hand coverings of raw veal wbiob Henri ILL used as beautiners of his delicate skin. The London lady correspondent of the Aus tralasian writes :— The 'Grandfather's Clock' revival has extended to 'Grandmother's Gowns.' All the new materials are old ! One passes by a riobly-draped shop window— (for elalagc is now an important branch of the art of Bhopkeeping, just outside of that exclusive inner circle of mercery which affects privacy and a privatp-houze demeanor)— and with a glance at the samples of 'material' dis played between the filmy draperies and against the irreproachable background, old memories are awakened. Like Mrs. Allen in 'Northanger Abbey' one remembers a certain occasion on which one wore just such a tinted muslin, striped cambric, spotted grenadine, or 'shot' silk as one sees there; the gown supplies the date, and lo! the street has ghosts on its pavement in broad daylight. There are the yellow and brown striped silk underskirts, the identical 'pigeon breast,' dove-color and *' puce' silks for gowns, the very same little capes, warranted not to keep the arms warm and finished with stiff little frills that thrilled one's youthful soul with envy or pleasure, accord ing to circumstances, rather more than twice 'twenty golden years ago.' And the 'neck- ribbons' and the two bodioes, one for after noon the other for evening wear, whioh ladies (they are young and excusable) who instruct the world in the columns of the society journals announce as a new departure in good sense and a wiseeconomy. Didwenotwearneck-ribbonB and have two bodices to our best gowDB when we were nobody's grandmothers, but had relatives of that degree of our own to instruct. The shop windows are Buggestave in more ways than one now that fashion is sur It retour, only when it goes too far back we have no link with it. The Directoire and the Valois periods affect ns no more then thetimeof the Ptolemies ; they leave ns like Mrs. Jarley'a poet, 'calmly critical.' I have seen- only one dress to be worn at the approaching Royal wedding. The material ia out, of almost the beginning of the j oentnry sort, a foulard of sparrow's egg blue, with white Btripea and thin black lines; the skirt is draped with cream muslin embroidery in festoons over something pink »nd plentiful 'streamers' of narrow blaok nbbon; the sleeves, ruffled at the elbow, are tied np with black satin. The details Bound fidgety, but effect is really pretty. WOMAN'S FBASCHISE. On thiB Bubject Eugenia Stone contributes the following to tbe Australasian: — Girls ! ring out your gladsome voices From your boudoirs far and wide. Till man's heart with you rejoices, In his emulated pride. Sing ! the age of comfort's dawning On your sisterhood demure, All your fears are set to scorning, And your morals stand secure. Comes the merry news from Paris — Oh ! your qualms you may dispel There is nothing to embarrass In a knickerbooker belle. Demoiselle was fired to passion By the thraldom of the age ; i She stamped out the er&'a f aehioa And made rational dress the rage. Oh I she eoouts the scrup'lous woman Who a ohiding voice would raise, For a million hearts as human Own the magic of her ways. With her gay lips framed in hauicur In the semblance of a queen, Proud, she made her pleasure, courtier, To renounce the 'crinoline.' Then she out her dresses shorter, With a smile at prudes' dismay, And no voioe was raised to thwart her As she took her flagrant way. Through such stages did she shock us, Till she kicked the skirt aside, And she sits in knickerbockers On a thoroughbred astride. She sprang into strength and vigor. From her fragrant lang'rous room, That her lovely idol figure In the scented boi» can bloom. And, on bicycle, she's speeding Through the crowded Paris parks, With her glowing girlhood pleading With the censor's cold remarks. Ob ! the simple joy to see her Braced in bodiiy delight. Leaving nature fresh and freer To develop beauty bright. Sing '. for sweet these new-found pleasures ; They will catch the modern taste. Let your tailors have your measures And give scope to form and waist. Sing ! of Demoiselle the daring, Of a Paris gay but good, For a proper sense is stirring In her new athLetifl^-od. Sing ! of riding-suits and wheeling, In Emancipation's flush, Till you conquer public feeling And forget decorum's blush. PICTURESQUE HAT Of fine chesnut brown straw trimmed with handsome long ostrioh feathers in the same shade of brown and small rosettes of damask rose velvet. The long bows of brown velvet whioh form the rest of the trimming on the crown are lined with pink. On one side the brim of the hat is lifted off the hair to show a rouleaux of blown velvet and twisted cords of gold tinsel. 