DISAPPEABANCB. BY KENNETH LAUDERDALE. ' CHAPTER VHL— (Continued.) He drew his bent form up at her tone, so cold and penetrating. Care less Lady- Rosecleer, «Wn though she was, had _never cowed V-Mm''aig his new mistress ; eould-cfo '-^SJF a glance of her proiS^ eye. 'Tyndale Strathmore, your noole kinsman, my leddy, caused It to be put away, when she married wrong, and forgot the key ©' the wee tower cham ber,' he explained at length. 'My kinsman shall keep the keys ot his own castle. If I am lady here, I shall see that my keys are mine,' cried she, satirically. Then she strode to one of the long, narrow windows, and stood in tfae deep embrasure, and cast black, bril liant eyes over the glimmering wares of Dornoch Firth, which washed even to the. foundation of her storm-water tower.' And my lady gazed so long on the sun-kissed waters, that they dazzled even her too brilliant eyes, and she turned away with a jerk, as if she had to wrench herself from her reve rie; the tears threaded on her heavy ?laslies. Lady Kilmeny was provided with a maid of Tyndale Strathmore's own choosing— a Sutherland shepherd's daughter, who had been in the Low lands, and spoke more intelligibly to the city-bred lady than any other 'of her surroundings, and this maid, My sie Carnaigie, robed her mistress every day in cloth of richest web, and star* red her hair with irridescent gems, and sang brave songs of Highland glory in her ears, and strove by many a patient art to stir her ambition for the welfare of her clan,' and to heigh ten the burden of her loveliness; yet my lady frowned and pshawed, and turned her back on Mysie Carnaigie, and would not seem content for all her splendor. But gloom as she would, and scorn as she could, my Lady Kilmeny could not be unlovely. Whatever she did only showed forth the true Strathmore ?blood, whose proud, heartless bravery : brooked no thwarting, for the Strath mores were ever like facts, ' Stubborn cbilds that downa be disputed. Strathmore Tower stood on a rocky promontory which ran out some hun dred feet into the sea, and its gray walls rose sheer from the churning foam that had lashed in fury there for three centuries or more. The back of the castle was to the Firth, Hie frowning face looked over a sweet vale of undulating sheep pastures, and blooming heather hills, and golden bloomy knolls. The tower itself was a huge pile of ancient architecture, with a, stone paved court inj front, well locked in from smiling verdure by a high dyke, battle-spiked on top, and pierced through the centre by a low ? door, which, well padlocked and guarded by Strathmore vigilance, was never by any accident opened to the inmates of 'Strathnibre Tower, without the special license of Laird Tyndale, selfconsti tuted regent of the petty kingdom 'wHTiin. * ? . And though Lady Kilmeny had been brought over land and sea to wear away the title, and wrest the lands from her infatuated cousin, and to marry whichever of her three kinsmen could win her first, until possession of these ends was effected, the cunning laird still acted as chief of the clan, and kept certain indulgences in his own power to grant or refuse as his superior wisdom saw fit It is needless to say that the high spirited Lady Kilmeny was not infor med of the matrimonial project. Having tired herself in her climbing from floor to floor of the lofty tower, Lady Kilmeny threw herself wearily on a tapestried couch, grimly carved in ebony gnomes, and gilded with the Strathmore arms, when Tyndale Stra thmore was ushered into her presence. She answered Jiis courtly saluta tion with a constrained politeness, and -waited for him to speak; so, see ing there was no affability to be got from her, the old man took the straight-backed gothic chair she point ed him to, and, placing it near her, he opened his business at once. He talked on her own' matters first, and harangued about her former posi tion and associations, until my lady's 'darkening face flashed forth her wrath, and with a wild gesture, which made the hard noble quail, she sprang np and towered over him, im periously commanding him to 'leave the past alone— to deal with the pres ent The present, Laird Tyndale Strathmore! What have you to do with my sacred past?' she said. Then her ancle passed on to the communication he had been trying to prepare for her, and informed her that Lady Rosecleer's lawyer had writ ten to him, denying the rfafm of Kil meny Strathmore to title or estate, and challenging her to prove her right to either. ? . _. The laird had written back to the . lawyer, in Lady Kilmeny's name, cit ing ~a .clanse In force in ' the laws of the clan, which disinherited any fe male who married beyond the border, and passing the- title and lands to .the next of bin, male or female.. Lord M'Giilvray Strathmore had been the chief of the house, and the eldest of the three brothers. Lady Rosecleer was his daughter;- Colonel William Strathmore was the second brother, and a wild do-nothing, who had joined the army, and lived in Aberdeen when married; Kilmeny, the proud, and cold; was his daughter; Laird ;'3?jnttdale^ ? 'the .canny, deeply blooded scion, was the . youngest of these three broiheBS, ttoe patriot for the haughty house, the schemer for its falling power, and the father of Ga vin, Robin, and Kenneth, by a noble Stratnmore lady, long Binee dead, and in her vaulted tomb. Underline existing state of things, therefore, -Kflmeny S£ratiimore was in disputably ihe nest ' In succession, since Lady ''Bosecleer-~nad openly thrown off the obligations ' which bound her to her clan, «nd had, In point of fact, -washed her nands of them, .and disinherited herself. These facts were rehearsed to the London lawyer in answer to ins first -communication. However, be had re turned answer Hbai, since the clan dynasly nad vanished as completely as the Thames of yore, these laws made nov difference in a matter of lawful and legitimate succession to title and property* cand, say what they, might, Lady Bosecfeer jrould sot fee forced to give up her claims without a stron ger case being made out And ac cordingly the laird had come to break the matrimonial project to Lady Kil meny, because *h«t, if once married to a Strathmore, he could prove in every law court in the World a prior flgat of Lady Kilmeny's, which could not be gainsaid. So spake toe Laird Tyn dale. 'What right, Si* Tyndale?** deman ded Lady Kilmeny, after his vague hinting and discreet half -disclosures. 'Ah, that is a mystery that it would not be politic ip . explain, even to you, tady; Kilmeny, until things are made generally: more secure; until you have a protector that the law recognises. Pick you out a husband, my lady, from your own people, and then we can meet Lady Rosecleer and her lawyers on their own ground.* 'Am I to marry a son of yours, then, and thus prop up the fortunes of Stra* thmoreT' asked my lady, looking strai ght at him. He hesitated; then, provoked by the continued attention she gave his un easy countenance, bowed silently. 'I will not litigate with Lady Rose cleer on such conditions,' she said, ! coldly. 'You need expect nothing of j this kind from me.' . } 'I beg you to reconsider,' he ex- j claimed, in consternation. . 'I assure j you upon my sacred honor that you i are the heiress of M'GLUvray, Lord of i Strathmore. It is no quibble I pro- 1 pose.' 'I will stoop to nothing,' she said again, with icy lips; 'nothing, my good Lord Tyndale, that, in my humble se curity, I would not have stooped to do. I refuse to dispute with my cou sin without- a legal and honorable right; and if you please, do not ham per my liberty by any matrimonial en gagements. I enjoy my freedom bet ter.' She got up with a little laugh, which hurt the laird somehow more than tears would have done. He looked hard at her lithe form as she stood at a window, with her back to him, and her white face set to the blue main; and if visions of crushing that impe rious creature into submission had an imated him, those visions were now slipping away very fast, and he stud ied closely his lady niece. 'A Winsome lady, truly!' he* mused, 'and a brave queen for dowie Stxath more— but what a spirit!' He retired to deliberate on the posi tion she had taken, and to gather his counsellors together. Presently when he was in the court he heard her light step behind him, and starting round to see what my lady meant, she swooped across the cold flag to him, and laid a slight, de taining hand on his arm. 'Sir, do not go to law with my cou sin in my name, or in my interest— I forbid you to do so,' said Lady Kil meny, earnestly. He shifted the little hand between his own, and held it there. 'My lassie, it's an awful necessity to wrest the property from Lady Rose cleer,' he answered, with great agi tation. 'Have ye so little care for your doomed house that ye canna even mind the prophesy? Will ye no bend this lily hand, my May — Kilmeny, to save your heritage from the doom— the Doom?' The last word was almost a cry; stout Laird Tyndale Strathmore was very pale, and his eyes glinted wildly. She only looked her incredulity, and waited for more. Standing by the little door with his cap off as if he was speaking of a sacred subject, he related the wierd le gend I have before written, and show ed forth how Lady Rosecleer had brought the case down upon Strath more, and that Lady Kilmeny could be the only saviour to rescue it from utter destrlction. My lady listened with pained coun tenance. 'Do you believe all this?' asked she, slowly. 'Ah, Kilmeny Strathmore, well may I believe it; the very fact of a stranger possessing our ancient lands has come bitter as a curse on us already. When I vouch for your right to be what we would make you, will you not save us?' 'Tell me the right' 'I dare not, you must wait, K31 meny.' 'And I dare not put myself in a false position, Tyndale Strathmore,' said she steadily. 'I understood dif ferently when you brought me to Stra thmore Tower; you said I was the only heir.' 'So you are, Lady KQmeny— the on ly heir we will own.' 'I will not usurp my kinswoman's place. Let me go free.' He dropped her hand in anger, and turned to unlock the little door. 'Tell me I may have Strathmore,' pleaded she again, clasping her hands, with a new humility in her mien. He paused— the key in his hand— loked at her, and laughed sarcasti cally. ' . 'Do you want to go back to them alL puir bairn?' sneered the laird. She threw up her head, her wild black eyes (flashing, and paced the narrow court like a young lioness. At last she curbed her emotion, and pac ing quite up to him, forced a smile, and held out her hand. 'Forgive the thought^' she uttered, in 'a low, clear tone, 'I shall never co vet liberty for the weak reasons you ascribe to me. I am done with the past Yet give me the key if I am lady here.' She held out her hand with a cool, assured gesture— with such a Strath more loveliness in her noble face that her charmed uncle could scarce for bear giving her all she asked; but In born policy prevailed, and he kept cau tious possession of the key, preferring friendly promises to acts. /'My lady, I beg you will not set your mind on having this wicket opened. You; may, go 'all over Sutherland, tat it most be under 'my protection.' ' 'Sir Tyndale, am I a prisoner here?* asked' Lady Kilmeny, patiently. 'A prisoner! My dear niece you are the mistress of everything you see.** 'Then give me a mistress's power. X shall send for yon 'when I wish to rule by proxy. I object to *e locked with in my kingdom.' '*' He could no longer stand her direct sarcasm; without daring a word he passed through the door, locked it, and handed the key to the porter, who stood outside, mounted his horse and galloped off. A few days afterwards the laird's three sons rode over from their resi dence, which was half castle, half hun ting lodge, to make the further ac quaintance ot their lady cousin. She had to be exhumed from her lonely state chamber, -where 'she was, -nan ^ipnnl JoCfced UD- 'KDd *-^tyr jroPpiwj^ them impatiently standing abditfr&e; Wide, dismal banqueting hall for half an hour, came gMding in like a ghost, and startled them with her noiseless step and white face. . Major Gavin Strathmore, t&S; «dest of the trio, was neither more flOf leas than a heavy dragoon, who had served abroad with distinction, -and had come home on furlough, perhaps a few Weeks ago. He was stupid and Ad miring, and Lady EHmeny, looked away from him to the next Kenneth was a &oble4ooking; fellow, whose intellectual expression invited longer attention. He had been through the Edinburgh University, and. was a' student, a poet, and a- drea mer. Be meditated taking orders, if ever the active incentive should come to move him. Lady Kilmeny sighed, and turned to her youngest cousin. And Bobin, with his yellow hair blown in bronze masses over his brown brow, and with wide, bine eyes. Robin was neither soldier nor scho lar, and had never crossed Dornoch Firth, nor roamed out of sight of the Benmore of Assynt; but he was mighty hi boating, fishing, deer hunt ing, and good-fellowship, in scaling mountains, and horse racing, in win Ding the rough fishermen's hearts, and in flirting with the apple-cheeked, azure-eyed belles of Golspie village. And, WithaL a freer hand or a mote single heart never gave friendly grip or beat for fair fame than gallant Ro bin Strathmore's; and Lady Kilmeny eyed Mm long, and turned away her head to smile bitterly. * 'Does my lady--aw -^ Cousin Kfl^ meny— hem— Uke Strathmore Tower?' tjnoth stupid Gavin, Tnn.rsha.lHng in ci vilities. 'I have great cause to like it, cousin major!' breathed the lady's curling lips. 'If you tell us any of yoar tastes or favorite pursuits' said Kenneth gently, 'there's not one of us but would do his utmost to amuse yon in your lonely state.' 'Ha! Cousin Kenneth,' she ejacula ted, with a curious self -disclaim, 'you shall teach me oblivion; you shall show me Lethe's stream, that I may drink, and sleep for ever. And if ? ' 'Til show you something better,' in terrupted Robin, with ^malL ceremony. 'You shall learn to shoot game, and ride throngh rongh woods. TV© al ways heard my cousin Kilmeny was a sickly lass, but, faith, she's only fit for a. winding sheet What's Wrong with you?' demanded bold Robin, standing over her, 'Will you— will you do that?' cried Lady Kilmeny, with bell-like voice. 'Then, Robin, 3711 go with you. Til be as happy as I can with you. Oh, don't look distrustful,' she said to the other two, who glanced at each other. 'I'm not going to beat ail ignominious retreat, and I'm not going to run off with Cousin Robin; so spare your Jealousy, gentlemen. But, oh, to ,drink in the free, salt breeze, and to wade in unimprisoned fields of clover, and to thmir I am again a little child in sum mer prime— oh! Oh!' Lady Kilmeny was pacing to and fro, murmuring this rapidly and inco herently, as if she had forgotten then* presence. She clasped her hands in momentary ecstacy at her concluding interjections; then they fell apart, her arms hung dejectedly, her head drooped. 'Ah, me,' she sighed almost inaudl bly; 'summer might have been sweet to me! Can I dare to think of sweet ness now?' She left them abruptly, and did not appear anon, as they expected, but, with unwonted politeness, sent down Mysie to invite them to refresh them selves ere they departed. Certainly my lady was not fond of conquest 'Is Cousin Robin waiting for me?' eried the bell-like voice. 'What? You're going outr ex claimed the non-plussed cavalier. 'Yes, with you. Shant I be well guarded?' 'My Lady Kilmeny,' grumbled rongh Gavin' ''tis not for dainty dames like yon to foot it, with stalwart men, among the peat moors.' 'You say I'm fit for a winding sheet,' cried my lady, blazing up. 'Well, blame deadly Strathmore pri son if I die for want of heaven's air.' 'You shall go!' said Robin, with mel ting mood. 'You'll never die by lock ing up, my bonnie May.' And she went, as she had fully in tended, when she first saw then* faces; and as my wilful lady- always seemed to have. her own way. . : Gavin, Kenneth, and Robin Strath more followed in her train, as meek and pliant as servitors ought to be; passed through the reticent gate,. now and scornfully laughing at them, she open for the first time, to release her from her grandeur. The lovely vale was gemmed with gowans and buttercups, and the clouds threw fleeting shadows, wave-like, over the golden grain that lined the valley slopes, and my lady drank in through eyes and parted lips the loveliness and the odors, and trembled in every limb; and as they strolled slowly along the river bank, their backs to the sea, she melted to womanly playfulness for Ro bin Strathmore, and drew sudden shouts from all the simple three by her sharp-edged wit : t - : ' - (TO BE COHUHTJED.) 