' NOVEL The Duke and the Commoner. BY POTJLTNEY BIGELOW. CHAPTER VII. (ComsuBD.) When the climax was reaohed, Mrs. Olippingdale was silent. After what seem ed a long time to Helen, she said,— ' And yon really do not intend to be a duchess P' ' I really -do not,' said Helen. ' What are your objections to the duke P' ' None at all, — as a friend. Bat thue is one insaperable one, viewing him in the light of a husband.' ' Because yon do not love him ?' ' Yes, simply that.' Violet was again silent. At length she said, gently, yet with emphasis, ' Yon mar ried for love, once, Helen.' Mrs. Silverthorne colored. 'Yes,' she said, 'and became the ex periment was a miserable failure, yon think a directly opposite one might be a success.' 'Not necessarily; bat the love- matohes are very often failures, for onq reason or another. I am not very worldly, but, some how, I should like you to mary the duke/ It is all so different, Violet, from what I ever imagined. I cannot feel that it is meant to be.' ' Naturally it is different. It is not likely that yon shonld nave decided in cold blood to marry the Dnke of Assisgdon. Bat herp he is, ready to be married, and I cannot help thinking it is a good thing. I liked him at Kate Wood's dinner, very mnoh. It would nut be a difficult thing to care for him, I shonld think,— unless one cared for some one else.' Helen looked at Violet with pathetio eyes. ' I did — I do— care for some one else,' she said. ' There, yon are the only hnmaa be ing besideB Constance Vinkelberg who knows it.' At lest Violet looked surprised. Where — who is ho P she asked, blankly. 'Oh, Helen! I thought I knew all your secrete, and here is something — a huge one —that I never guessed.' ' It happened — two years ago, — before Edward died.' (The last words in a shame faced whisper.) ' Yon make me ouriooa to know more,' stud Violet. And then for the first the whole story was told, — of the few meetings,, and the overwhelming attraction between the two persona thus thrown together,— of the straggle between duty and inntinatfnn, and the triumph of the former,— of the last good- by at Brighton, and the absolute si lence ever since. Violet Olippingdale was the wife of a novelist, hut never in the midst of his most violent and astounding plots, which he al ways discussed with her, had she felt so absolutely overcome with amazement as she did at this present moment. ' One thing is yet to be told,' she said. 4 Helen, what was his name !' ' Victor Pistorius.' A Bndden change came over Violet's face. ' Helen 1 oh, Helen 1 and I saw that name yeBterday in a Qalignani whioh was Bent to Horace 1 Oh, if it should be the same !' Helen half started up. ' Violet !' she cried, very white in the lips, — tell me 1 Is he dead P' 'No,no; not dead, but— you shall see tbe paper.' And Mrs. Olippingdale ran from the room, soon to return breathless with Qalignani in her hand. _ Helen read the paragraph to whioh her sister-in-iaw pointed. It was the aoconnt of a marriage solemnized in Paris two weeks before between a Dutchman and a French woman, and the name of the bridegroom was Victor Pistorins. One more bubble bad burst, one mora deep-rooted hope was torn up, one more il lusion was gone. From the moment when Helen Silverthorne knew that Pistorins had given himself to another woman, she was a ohanged creature. The past — a sorrowful and disappoinging one— was over, and a brilliant and promising present had began. Before the month of probation had expired, the dnfae's question waB unexpectedly answered in +hia wise. A few days after Helen's arrival in Ar lington- Street, Horace Olippingdale was returning home one afternoon, when he sud denly .met the Duke of Assingdon The two men had met before, at Mrs. Wood's dinner, and had had some conversation -whioh had tended towards mutual liking. There fore (and on acoonnt also of the position of affairs sentimental; Horace warmly -wel comed the duke to Boston,- and -pressed him to dine with him that evening. Assingdon, nothing loath, accepted; and, as Violet ecstatically observed when she heard it, Helen s fate was sealed.' Both women felt it to be a truly monu mental occasion. Even Horace -wrote more briskly than was his wont, and his pen seemed automatically to trace the course of a dncal romance. . The potential duohess was cool and col lected out wardly,— inwardly rather reck less. Violet told- her repeatedly- that after dinner she should run up-etairs to look at the baby (a morsel of only a few months' steading), Horace would 'have something -phasing to attend to in the - study,- and - then wonld' be tbe duke's opportunity. 4 Helen liatended somewhat languidly, and went on dressing her hair. Half-past seven arrived, and with it the dnke. It was no use drilling tbe New Eng- ' land handmaiden to annonnoe him properly. A dnke was to., her no more than., the milk- man, and not half so. convincing, for oil. the one of them she had daily, experienee, while, the other wsb never met with save in ariBto- oratio romances: in- which, he figured as an impossible personage. So Assingdon entered unannounced. He foond the, CUppingdale8, and no one. else.. He. was more than nsoallyj affable,— explained that he oonld not go West withonftseeingt Boston— suoh a oharm-. ring town, — very English (the highest praise he oonld heatow),— and all the time bis keen eyes were fixed on the door. Violet was be-, ginning to fidget, and the dinner was begin-! ning to be spoiled', and when no one could; endure it another moment, the. door opened, and Mrs. Silverthorne walked in. She was! .dressed in tbe purest white, — the- white ofi r th& snowdrop, not of ivory, — a white whioh- none bnta perfect complexion ean fearlessly; eurmonnt. Her eyes were starry in their brightness, her cheeks a burning pink. Ha knew when he saw her that he was to have bis answer ; and a. sadden strong love leaped up within him with a foroa that shook his heart. She wss exquisitely composed; only her eyes and cheeks were burning. She gave blm her hand for one instant, and sat down. ' How do yon do, dnke P' she said. ' Are yon oo yqnr way to the West ? Few women ate devoid of the feline in-, stinot, though in good ones it is more the playfulness of the innocent kittens before their claws are strong. Assingdon felt like a mouse between two. velvet paws. Under the oironmstanees dinner ought tq have been. dull.; bat, strangely enough, it was not. Helen was all steely brightness and sparkle. Her lower beoame almost lo quacious, and when both were silent the Olippingdales filled the pauses. Assingdon explained how he had drifted to Boston, and the explanation involved a greater play of imagination on hia part than was-nsnal , ; with him. He spoke, also, of England and the life there, mentioned hia hoy at Eton and his daughter in Cornwall, and altogether took his companions into his confidence in a way which oharmed them. After coffee in the drawing-room — for the men did not sit over their wine mfiny minutes — the prearranged cry of the infant up-? stairs was snpposed to be heard. Violet ex cused herself and hastened to her offspring. Horaos pleaded excessive work required in the last ohapters of his novel, apd strolled into the study. Almost before he was gone, Assingdon orossed the room to where Helen was sitting on a deep sofa, one arm embracing a soft bine onshion. ' May I have half this sofa?' he asked, 'It is like the traditional goose,— too mnoh for one and not enongh for two,' laughed Helen. ' Yon may sit there, oppo site to me, where I ean talk to yon without oraningr my neck.' £gWith a slight grimace, he obeyed orders. ' "Well,' he began, 4 are you glad to see me ?' ' Very mnoh surprised, ' said Helen, tan- talizingly. ' Glad, I said.' And surprised, I said. This is not the way to the wild West, yon know.' 'I deoidad not to go. I went to your house yesterday, having kept away as long as I could, and found yon had gone, — which I thought was rather a nasty trick to play me : don't yon ? Nelly and the other little woman, however, oame down to see me, and told me where you were : so I came.' ' Very underhand in yon, I call it, to be worming my secrets out of a small child.' 'Yon don't really think that? Do yon know yon look mnoh kinder to-night than I have ever seen yon ? — and more beantifnl, too? You'll not send me away again, will yon ?' He oame nearer to her, and lightly touched a fold of her floating gown. ' Does this white drees mean that yon have stopped mourning ?' he. asked. ' It means,' said Helen, deliberately, 4 that the past is gone— and forgotten.' Their eyes met. ' I did not know,' he oried, 4 till to-night, how muoh I loved yon. I will not go away again unless I take yon with me.' He held out his arms to her, but she did not stir. 4 Helen, you are. not playing with me?" be asked, uncertainly. 4 You will he my wife ?' # 4 1 have,' ehe said, one slim hand keeping him at arm's length, ' a Bort of a heart,— a ghost of one, — which you may have, if you still want it.' ' Want it !' he exolaimed. 'I shonld think so !' This time he took her into h|s arms, unrepulsed, and she felt his kiss upon her month. Whether in that moment she was glad or sorry she did not know. CHATTER VIII. The New York papers were not long in getting hold of the engagement, and how they dealt with it I leave the natives of New York to imagine. What was printed, how ever, was nothing to what was said. When a man publishes a statement he runs a cer tain risk, even in a country where the libel laws are a dead letter ; bnt when a -woman states a thing verbally, who is to conviot her? Among all the women who were amazed by the engagement, not one was more sur prised than the engaged woman herself. She wondered how it had all happened. When the Clippingdales had returned to their drawing-room, feeling pretty sure of finding an embryo duchess, Assingdon had actually blushed, and stammered out, — 4 Helen has mede me very happy — we want your blessing— she is going to be my wife.' And Helen had stood, her hand still half in bis, in a state of dnll surprise, as if the whole ihing was a mystery. She insisted on going home next day to her children. She felt like a trator towards them, though she had taken a step sure to advance their interests. Of course the duke went, too. He elected also to go by the same train ; and, as he began to be very mnoh in love, the other 00- onpants of the drawing-room car fonnd the time pass pleasantly as they watched the pair. He waB already asking her to 1 name the day.' This request ehe constantly parried. ' I have my opinion of matrimony,' Bhe eaid, as they parted at the door of her house. 'Come to tea to-morrow, and I will tell it yon.' 'Not till tea-time ?' " he said, quite wist fully. ' Certainly not. I shall have lots to do, she answered waywardly. ' Order yonr things, then. Women al ways get heaps of olothes, don't they, when they are to be married?' ' Ob, I shan't want a trousseau for an age,' she cried, defiantly, as the door closed on her pretty face and hid her from her lover. It seemed onrions that be had not expressed surprise At the sadden reversal of her former decision ; but perhaps he had known his own value too well to despair. Helen was not quite herself. She was nervous and excited, afraid of allowing her self to think, or to consider what she had done. She ran np-stairs, to the day nnrsery, as soon as she entered the house On the floor, building block houses, sat the two blooming children, and by the window sat Janet, sew ing diligently. After a stormy welcome ! from the little girls, Helen sat down in the ' chair whence she had dislodged the nurse. ; ' Janet,' she said, 4 what do yon say to . my being a duchess ?' The face of the Scotchwoman lighted np, ( and her expressive dark eyes flashed. (To 8B oqsxitn7im.) < 