MINING NEWS. GYMPIE. (From the. Times of the 30th October.) No. 2 North Comjmuia ' Smithfield-No. 1 Nomii Phenix No. 4 Nonm Phies No. 2 North Great New Zealand. A tender has been let for sinking the shaft of No. 2 north Columbia Smithfield. The manager of No. 1 north Phoenix reports : -A dynamite box of very fair auriferous stone I was obtained from the Smithfield reef. This I was taken from the old face of the North ; Smithfield going south, the depth being the 74ft. level in the No. 1 north Phoenix. A short time ago the North Smithfield drove up to the boundary of their neighbour, and the No. 1 north Phoenix put in a crosscut from their winze and connected with the level. [The manager stated that where the stone mentioned came from fair crushing stuff exists next the slate country, which is 3ft. above the floor of the level, but the lower portion shows no gold ; the crushing stuff averaging about it.] The manager of the No. 4 north Phoenix reported having cut the footwall portion of the Victory reefers. of quartz, at the 240ft. level, 1283\. east of the shaft. The manager of the No. 1 ' north Great New Zealand reports, under date 25th October The shaft has been sunk 11ft., total 002«.**) The country sunk through is boulder con . I think it would be advisable to nVing. disbelieve more slate will be underneath this class of country. news t i.s western crosscut at the 52ft. level I"S 'w- -advanced 20ft;., total 90ft. at 38ft. iV mahon was cut. This has been at a distance of 12ft. There are several 'ASV -"'dog in the from in. to 2in. in i > live "lèleveryappéarance of more quartz ship ' .' ground is getting very dark, and 0 of- -a.!- son of the slate being near. At N ' . 6,. to witness crosscut at the 41st. he ' <? - .. i advanced 14ft., total 68ft. The J cpf \ , , y hard conglomerate, with quartz \--in . >. heiroper course of a reef, which lead i A J.. L, ¡ra a reef is near. T- ' of the ' No. 3 north Ellen Park As under date the 20th October: I -The K " , the Hope reef at the 520ft. i level .' j . . put up 16ft.; total, 37ft. The country. ', jack state. The formation is about 1 with several leaders from time. to 'this, <? r gar little gold. The south ' drive from the rise has been driven 15ft. The formation improves as we go south and showing little gold. The underhand stope going south from the winze on the eastern reef south of the crosscourse has been extended 7ft. by 10ft. The country is good black slate with plumbago floors. The formation is about 2ft., consisting of several leaders from 1in. to 4in. wide. In breaking down the reef some fair gold was met with, half a candle-box of fair stone being culled from the same. The manager of No. 1 south Zealand Junc- tion reports, under date the 27th October: The country passed through for the first 15ft. was the same as last reported, then we had 10ft. of boulder conglomerate, and 5ft. of pebbly conglomerate, and under this dark shale lying in floors dipping east, intermixed with bands of a slaty nature, carrying a lot of mineral. The last- mentioned I consider to be in good gold-bearing country, and corresponds with the country met with in the South Smithfield shaft at the 600ft. level. EIDSVOLD, (mon our own correspondent.) October 27. The Lady Augusta cleaned up to-day a lot of 31 tons for 4oz. 5dwt. to the ton, which is fully an ounce to the ton better than the last lot put through. They also crushed a few tons from near the Helena p.c. ground lately acquired by them ; it averaged 2oz. per ton, which will pay very well as it is easily broken and raised. Heights of Alma shareholders have been in good spirits all the week in consequence of an improvement in their claim. It appears as if they are likely to be rewarded for their patience at last. The No. 1 west Mount Rose cleaned up a 40-ton lot on Thursday for about 8dwt. to the ton, which was a great disappointment as a better yield had been expected. The Lady Minerva are crushing again and expect the usual average. Alma tributors are carting to the battery, and will start crushing on Monday. This will be their last lot but one before expiration of their tribute. The Grand Junction, adjoining the Lady Minerva, have a paddock of good-looking stone, which will be sent to the Alma mill nose week. Augusta and Maid of Erin Junction are down over 80ft. with their new shaft, and expect to cut the reef daily. I hear Pugh Bros, are raising excellent stone at the Perseverance reef, St. John's Creek. Several prospecting parties have gone to St. John's, and I hear there is a probability of a battery being erected, the new year ought to show an improvement in more places than one. Later. Since writing my letter word has come in that the Alma tributors have struck by far the richest stone ever seen on the field, and the reef Maid of Erin has broken away, and is going down almost vertically. Alma shareholders are jubilant. CROYDON. (From Local Files to the 19th October.) The No. 1 South True Bloc-The Iguana Extended-The Iguana Spake Ground The True Blue Block. The No. 1 south True Blue has had a rough clean up at the Enterprise mill from 240 tons for GClaz. 3dwt. 6gr., valued at £1261 Is. 6d." or £1 18s. 11d. per oz. Another 700 tons yet remain to be put through. The M'Arthur lease has crushed 100 tons for 15oz. The Ophir Block claim has been jumped over the tributors by A. Brown for non- fulfilment of labour conditions. The cyanide plant at the Golden Valley has started operations. This makes the third plant now at work on the field. The clean up at the Croydon Q.C. Company's cyanide works was started on Monday last. Preparations have all been completed for getting to work in real earnest at the Iguana Extended on the arrival of the pipes from the South next week. The extra pump engine, pump-house, We., are all in position, and Messrs. Stuart and McKenzie finish the pump this week. It is the intention of the manager to hail the water down as low as possible with buckets, say 200ft., and then start pumping. The crosscut is 265ft. vertical from the surface, and it is expected to be in the price within a fortnight, if all goes well, The Iguana Spare Ground tributors have had another good crushing, 85 tons yielding;301az. smelted gold. The tribute money from this amounted to £230, and the tributors notice £6 a week per man. From the No. 4 north Content 179 oz. of gold have come in. The True Blue Block Gold Mining Company applied for and was recommended a 24-acre lease at the warden's court yesterday. This includes the ground previously known as the True Blue Extended. The directors of the company are now calling for tenders for sink- ing the Extended shaft 150ft., or to and through the reef. It is just as well that this is now held by the Block, as there is now a certainty of it being thoroughly tested. SOUTHERN FIELDS. Rich Specimens at Wïano. Rice Find at Omeo. A valuable discovery has been made by Begins and party at Pine Ridge, two miles east of Wyalong township (says the S. M. Herald). The discoveries unearthed consist of a rich shoot of stone at a depth of 25ft., carrying splendid gold. The lode at present is about 8in. in width, trending north-west and south-east, and, unlike other Wyalong reefs, under- laying westward. The stone is dark-coloured quartz. The specimens shown are wonder- fully rich, showing in places as much gold as stone. One piece weighing about 4oz. estimated to contain over 2dwt. of gold. The rubble is also heavily charged with coarse shotty gold. The specimens are certainly among the best yet seen on the field. The Omeo correspondent of the Age states that a cake of gold has been brought in from the Joker mine on the Big River, on the same gold belt as the Glen Wills mines, weighing 140 oz., obtained from 20 tons of stone, being an average of 7oz. to the ton. The gold is valued at £3 18s. per ounce. The mine was opened up eleven months ago, but has been actually working only eight months. During that time 300oz. of gold has been taken from 77 tons of stone. The last crushing was taken out in ten weeks by a working shift averaging one and a-half men for that time. The stone was taken from the top of the tunnel by driving about 20ft., and from the stopes. A lower tunnel is being driven, and is now in 200ft., but will have to go 137ft. further to strike the same shoot. The company has from 400 to 500 tons of mullock. expected to go 3dwt. or 4dwt. to the ton. It is intended to erect a battery as soon as the lower tunnel is finished. Speaking of the new volume of the " Proceedings of the Psychical Research Society," the Daily Chronicle says it contains a fine set of ghost stories. The ghost that rattles the fireirons and coughs ; the ghost that reads the Bible ; the ghost in a cloak, covering its eyes with its hand; the-ghost of the colonel who cut his throat; the ghost that put its hand round the bed curtains they are all here. It is a relief (says the writer) to turn to Mr. Balfour's presidential address, which is a closely-reasoned appeal to scientific men to drop an attitude of " bigoted 'intolerance" and face the mass of strange phenomena which the Psychical Research Society has gathered so conscientiously, There can no longer be any doubt whatever that the Psychical Research Society has made some very remarkable and infinitely suggestive discoveries, and this new volume is as full of them as any of its predecessors. Dr. de Jongh's Light-Brown Cod Liver On,.-Pai-atablen^bs and the facility with WHICH IT IS DIGESTED -ABE DISTINCTIVE CHARACTERISTICS OF DR. DE JoKQu'S COD LIVER OIL. Dr. Granville, F.R.S., author of " The Spas of Germany, writes : " Dr. de Jongh's Light-Brown Cod Liver QildocB not cause the nausea and indigestion too often consequent on the administra- (son of the Pale Oils. Being, moreover, much more palatable, Dr. Granville's patients have themselves expressed a preference for Dr. de' Jongh's Light-Brown Cod Liver Oil." Sold only in capsuled Imperial half-pints pints, and quarts, by all chemists. Sole Consignees, Ansar, Harford, and Co., Limited, 210 High Holborn, London,- [Advt 