PAVING THE WAY By Simpson Newland. PART L-ON THE COAST. Chapter XSV,—(Continued). Auntie was still sitting with the most entire patience precisely just where she was left. "There has been no occasion to oall upon my reserve stock of hysterics," she said, "perhaps fortunately so, on every account, for it must be confessed that I am considerably out of practice. In faot, only the hour, this wild scene, and the sudden apparition of a man could possibly ab my time of life and after my experiences justify anything so essentially fine ladyish." "0 auntie, you are quite funny to-night I" laughed the girl, almost forgetting the tale she had heard, ab this novel aspect of her almost taciturn relative's oharacter. " It is the peculiar surroundings, child. We might be engaged in the landing of contraband goods, cheating the Customs, in faot, which all of our sex think a very laudable proceeding, or assisting some poor fellow to evade the clutches of the law, which is more proper still in some caees, instead of merely being out to enjoy a breath of fresh air. Well, here we are at home again, and there is dad ab the door, no doubt very cross, because we have prolonged our usual stroll beyond the ordinary limits. Sib down, my dear, on the bench outside and tell bim all,-while I go in and take off my things 1" Glad to be alone with her father Petrel sat down and poured out the tale and her troubles with it. "O dad, I must take him away, and soon. There is nothing else to be. done; you will let me, won't you ? It is for Roily sake !" "I know, Pet, and there is indeed no one else we can trust. Jack has been ordered to accompany the police in a search for Salter, who left here for Adelaide. It appears he got delirium tremens and is lost in theBorub about Monnt Jagged. Jack says they start in the morning." "Then we might go to-morrow night, dad." " If the weather holds up, Pet; bub it looks like blowing from the west, and that won't do. I will tell Jaok to take the boat out again to the cove first thing in the morning andmoor her there, so as to be handy." In the afternoon of the following day the harpooner left with the police on the quest after the missing man in the Willunga scrub. The glass of the Headman enabled him to observe the party leave the station on the Point. "There they go, every man of them," he said, " bub some may come back. I'll keep a look-out up to dark."' "I'll start then, dad, if nothing happens in the meantime. Auntie will come to see me off and, if lucky, I shall be back to-morrow night almost before your bedtime." " I am afraid of the weather, Pet—don't you think you had better wait till it settles ?" " No, dad, let me go and get it over. I shall always be in terror for Roily while tnat man is here. I think all sorts of things—that perhaps the whaling vessel will have left the island before we reach it. I must go, dad." The Headman looked grave as he glanced towards the west, where a black cloud hung over the setting sun. . "I don't think it will be much, bnt.your boat is not a big one to faoe a sea if you have to tack against a head wind; you must turn back if it doea blow up, promise me that." " All right, dad ! so that it is settled." When night had fairly seb in Petrel and her aunt started, the former well wrapped up for the cold sail before.her. At the point of the Bluff she went for Darkie. As before, she soon met him and found that he was eager to be away. The boab was immediately drawn up to the beach for the girl to enter. > , " Good-bye, auntie, I hope to be home to morrow some time!" ' " I must pull out a little to get the wind," said Darkie, "then we will put up the sail. Farewell, Mrs. Cleeve, I shall never forget all that you have done for me, and what your niece is doing to-night." The old woman could not speak, but she waved her hand as long as they could be seen. Outside the shelter of the headland the wind blew fresh, and as soon as the sail was seb the boat danced merrily over the waves. "I will steer for a while," said Petrel, "and then you can take the tiller. The breeze is beautiful, and if it continues we shall be there in a few hours." "I hope so," replied Darkie, "bub I don't like the appearances of the weather. This is a land wind and will die away before we pro ceed very far." "Dad said it might blow hard from the wes© and then we were to turn back." "That would be on every accounb a greagi pity, but I am entirely under your orders," bs replied; "I owe far too much to you and yours to inour any more risk than is abso lutely necessary. " It is not for yon," she said coldly, " that I am here." " I beg your pardon 1" and he sank into silence. Round West Island they ran on, till fairly within sight of the grand cliffs beyond Por poise Head, the wind still holding and the boab making good progress. Then it began to drop, occasionally rising and propelling them through the water ab a rapid rate. Pre sently it would fall to a calm and the sails would flab idly. So, with fitful puffs, it rose and fell in a tantalising way for perhaps half an hour, then ceased altogether. Darkie now spoke. " It will blow hard againsb ns directly. We must burn baok. To be safer I will take a reef in the main sail." As she seemed to object by her silence he added— " Ib is what your father directed should be done." "Take the rudder," she answered, "lean not steer back—it seems like doing a wioked thing." She wa3 thinking that the police might be waiting for him at the cove when they landed. He seemed to divine her thought. "I will stay on West Isiund if you can manage the boat to the cove." " Thank you; I can do that easily. I have moored her many times and directly the wind goes round I will come for you—to-morrow night if possible." The west wind was now fast driving them back and she again took the tiller while he prepared what he would require ou the island. She had quite recovered her cheerfulness. "Vrvn nrnn'ft mind hfiini? left, will vol You won't mind being left, will you?. I could not atop, you know; the boab might be fieen from the land." "Of course you cannot and I would rather be there than behind the Bluff. It's a great deal safer, which to a man in my position counts for something. Still, if I thought there was any doubt about your being able to manage the boat I would go on, even against your will." "But I have none," Bhe quiokly answered, "my father has often said that I can manage a boat as well as he can, and after mysailing about with him every summer when the whaliDg is over he ought to know." They were now near the landing-place under' the shelter of the island. It was simply a little indentation in the pile, of rooks where the water was somewhat calmer. With skilful hand the girl steered close to a flab rock and as the boab passed on a swell Darkie sprang on to it. When he turned to look Petrel waa out in the open sea, speeding direobly round the Bluff. He lifted the bundle he had cast before him and climbed up the rook and then followed with his eyes the white sail until it disappeared beyond the headland. " There never was a girl like her, good and beautiful, with the spirit of a heroine. I wonder if I ever, from my cradle upwards, have ^for one single instant been worthy of her. As for Roland, does he realise what a prize is within his grasp? Not he, or, if he does, his infernal pride of name and race will likely enough prevent his ever plucking it. It is easy to see that his old aunt is working on that failing to separate them. If she once gets hold of'how the father left England, then, Petrel,,-you will surely find thab you idol has feet of day, like the, rest of us. It won't matter that through your aid he has escaped by the skin of his teeth from convic tion of a crime compared with which that of your father was as a feather's weight to yon mount. Fool that I am, in no case could she ever be mine." Without a tremor in her brave little heart the girl steered sbraight on under the shadow of the great bluff, the surf beating loudly against its everlasting base and tossing its white feathers high up the glistening rocks. The winds was strong though steady, and the sea was rising to a storm as- she swept round into the shelter of the cove. Here there was no difficulty in managing the boat. She steered close up to the shears before taking down the sail. Auntie was on the shore, evidently on the watch, and in a few minutee she had the boat moored and wa'a with her. _ " I left him on the island. We thought it beat and he wished to stop. It blew too hard for. us to goon, though I could have cried at turning baok," "It's nearly a storm outside now. Come home, dear, and have some nice supper and a good sleep and forget all about the bothera tion men," said_ the matter- of-fact widow: that's bhe beet thing to do." Brave little Petrel was glad to be petted and - made much of by both father and aunt. The Headman was proud to hear how well she had managed the boat. He also thought leaving Darkie on West Island a wise step. " It's a nasty landing1( Pet, in rough weather, and I would not have cared about il myself a dirty night like this." "We were back there,dad, before the eea had risen much and Darkie acted splendidlv ' he had everything ready and as the boat cnnM isp.to;the landing-rock he jumped on it and Bent her flying, out to sea again." . . " He is a good hand in a boat and so is my ■ Pet1," said the father, fondly stroking her luxuriant hair as she nestled up to him. The "next day the storm had passed off and ' V the wind gradually died. away, though there : was a considerable Eea still on. "There is sure to be a fair wind to-night," "paid Mr. Cleeve, "and the sea will go down. This time you must have fine weather if I know anything about it. There is a trooper • patrolling about, though; he has been along • the ; Waitpinga-road and came back by Porpoise Head and the Bluff. He will be here directly. I hope Darkie is lyiDg close on the island or he might be seen. It will be well to get him away. I begin to think these fel lows suspect something." • The policeman now rode up to the cottage • and dismounting sat down for a chat with the Headman. " No news of Salter 5" asked the latter, after ., some desultory conversation. " No," was the reply. "I came back last night and Ipft them on his tracks near -Mount , 'Jagged; but it is very hard to follow them. He had thrown off all his cloches, as we found them scattered along his trail. It's doubtful ' if he is alive by this time, and maybe we shall nob find him at all in that thick scrub. l)o you believe in ghosts '{" suddenly asked he. "In the daytime I don't," said the Head man; "but at night, particularly about midnight and when I am near a churchyard. Z do." " Well, we tracked Salter during the day close past , a big stone lying by the pad on Mount Jagged, and by the footmarks we could ~ see that he had sat down on it. Somehow we got a bit solemn while there, perhaps, because there were drops of blood on it. My mate, Birb, said it looked as if the poor devil had \- tried to kill himself while sitting there. Well, when I left them to come back home it was dark before T got to the place, and there, as ' Bure-as I am alive, was something white sitting on that stone. My horse was that frightened he, nearly-threw me, and I w'a3 just as much scared and made through the bushes with my heart in my mouth round into the track again as hard as I could. It was his ghost, and that man will never be found alive. I've got to join the party out there this evening with some grub, but nothing will induce me to go by that stone. Good-bye." ' ".Good job he let out that he will be away to-night. He can't be here if he has to go out there," soliloquised the Headman. " They ■will almost likely be away to-morrow, giving *•' time for Pet to be back with the boat without being missed. As to the ghost, he has got more than a bit of a scare. Maybe poor • Baiter is hovering about there dead or alive." (To be continued.) 