THE STORY-TELLER. HIS COUSIN. Pierce Hamlyn sauntered slowly up the High Street of Poppleton-on-Sea, his tall figure throwing a black shadow on the pavement, scorched and hot from the brilliant rays of the July sun that beat down fiercely in the midday. His straw hat was pulled down well ever his black brows to shade his eyes from the glare the white foreign-looking houses, with their open jalousies, reflected and intensi- fied, his hands were clasped behind his immaculate flannel, coat, that looked so cool, and became his dark style and hand- some face so well. His saunter was an aimless one. He did not exactly know or care where his wandering footsteps led him. The season at Poppleton was not yet in full swing ; the beach was not crowded ; there were bathing-machines standing empty; the boatman stood by their smart newly painted craft eagerly expectant ; a fish- ing-smack, got up to look like an ill-done replica of a yacht, bobbed up and down on the top of the waves some dozen yards from the shore, with never a soul on board save her skipper. Hardly any of Hamlyn's frivolous fashionable friends had yet flitted southwards, though an irruption of but- terflies from Piccadilly and Pall Mall was imminent at the favourite Sussex water- ing-place. 'He was a trifle bored, and glad when just opposite the Poppleton Royal Yacht Club he came face to face with Disney Warren, in the most irre- proachable of walking suits, brown as a berry, and looking as though he had been exposed to the alternate caresses of wind and sun for some considerable time, 'Hallo, old fellow !' he exclaimed, catching sight of Hamlyn, and extending a hand dusky as any South Sea Islander's ; ' didn't know you were here.' 'Hallo! didn't you' responded Hamlyn. ' No. Been here long? Three days. Got the ' Stormy Petrel' down? ' Yes ; she's off Basham Greek.' ' Jolly pretty spot.' 'Jolly. Don't know any prettier. And so near tows. Making a long stay? ' Don't know yet. Depends upon the Major.' ' Ah, still in loading-strings? queried Warren. ' Yes, confound it I am, worse luck.' 'Think of the future, my boy-the golden future,' said the yachtsman jocosely. ' Can't-the unpleasant present fills my mind to overflowing. Don't care to look ahead.' 'Anything fresh? asked his friend sympathetically. 'Yes; about the worst thing there could be.' 'What is it ?' 'Matrimony.'scowled Hamlyn, looking as black as a thunder-cloud. ' By Jove ! no,' ejaculated the other making a wry face. 'It is, really.' ' Oh, but that's atrocious! 'I think so,' observed Hamlyn.dryly. ' Is he very much in earnest?' 'Terribly so.' ' Don't you think yon will be able to set out of it? 'I am afraid not,' responded Pierce, dolefully. 'Come in and have a drink, and tell me all about it,' suggested Warren, turning towards the hospitable portals of the clubhouse. ' Thanks,' said Hamlyn, following him into a spacious room that looked out on to the High-street, and faced the White Hart Hotel, an imposing structure ex- actly opposite, patronised by tbe aristo- cratic portion of the Poppleton visitors. 'Now,' exclaimed Warren, 'drain a bumper, and tell me about this last fad of the Major's.' ' I am afraid it is something more than a fad.' 'Serious, eh?' 'Very serious.' 'Has the future spouse been chosen?' 'Yes,;acknowledged the young man, with an involuntary groan. "Who is it?" 'My cousin.' 'Your cousin! Hump! Nice? Pretty?' ' Haven't the faintest idea.' 'How is that?' 'Haven't seen her for twenty years.' ' Twenty years! Whew! that's a long spell. Is she an antique virginian ancient edition bound in calf?' ' By no means. She is six or seven years younger than I am. When I last saw her she was a little red-headed girl of five, with a pasty face, and eyes as big as saucers, and a frock that displayed a tidy amount of red bony wrist and thick ankle.' 'That sounds nice. I don't envy you.' 'I don't suppose you do ; and, worse than all, she is a widow. You know I loathe widows.' 'Where has she been during these twenty years ?' 'She went abroad with her parents, and married a Monsieur de Bassompierre when she was about twenty, and has lived in France since.' 'I see. Perhaps time and France have improved her?' 'I should hardly say so,' replied Hamlyn, grimly. ' She was one of those impossible little children, ugly as a Kal- muck, ungainly as a Dutch urua while her hair was too terrible for anothing. It positively made a follow warm, only to look at it.' ' Ha, ha!' chuckled his friend. ' You can save fuel in your establishment by looking at your wife's ruddy locks, Pierce.' ' She never will be my wife,' rejoined Pierce, sullenly. ' Nothing on earth would induce me to marry her.' ' Do you mean to give up the fortune then ?' questioned Warren, fixing his eyes on him. 'I suppose I shall have to,' replied the other a trifle doubtfully, 'unless-' 'Unless what ?' 'Unless I can get my uncle to regard the affair in the same light as I do, and alter his mind about this confounded marriage.' ' This is not very likely. I never knew Major Treherne change his mind.' 'No, worse luck. He's as obstinate as a mole.' 'A family failing, I fear.' ' Perhaps,' assented Hamlyn, the ghost of a smile flitting across his handsome sullen face. ' Isn't it a shame,' he broke out vehem- ently a moment later, ' that a fellow's whole life should be spoiled, and his pros- pects ruined, just because an old man takes it into his head to make a young one marry a detestable female?" 'It is rather hard lines,' agreed his companion ; ' and the fortune that will be yours if you will comply with his wishes is a large one, is it not ?' 'Yes.' 'Is it all his?' 'All now. The last of his brothers, the seventh, died in the winter, and ano- ther five thousand went to him, to swell his already huge income.' 'And none of them were married?' 'No. My mother was the only one of the family who married, and as you know, she did not possess a penny, and wedded my father, a poor man, for love.' 'Yes. What a queer will of your grandfather to make, leaving each of his eight sons five thousand a year, and his only daughter not a sixpence.' 'He was mad, I think,'said Hamley, with angry contempt; 'thought a cup of tea and a bit of bread were all a woman wanted.' ' The women of the present day wants some more than that, eh? At any rate, I take it that one would.' 'Which one would? queried Hamlyn. ' The one over there, just arrived at the White Hart.' The young man's eyes followed the direction of his friend's and lighted on the graceful figure of a woman who had just got out of a fly, and was standing talking to a lady on the steps of the hotel She was above the medium height, and the lines and the curves of her figure, admirably displayed by a long, tight-fit- ting cost of electric blue cloth, were per- fect, while her hair was lovely, of a rich auburn shade, looking like bronze as the sun glinted on-it, and covered only by a big bine flower that nestled cosily amid the ruddy feathery masses of her locks. Her features were small and faultlessly regular, her complexion of that creamy pallor often seen with auburn hair, while her eyes were of a dark, slaty grey- blue, shaded by heavy lids, fringed with ebon lashes that lay like a soft shadow on the pale purity of her cheek. A most at- tractive face-womanly, sweet, yet with- al firm and self-reliant. ' Nice-looking-eh ?' remarked Warren after a prolonged stare at the unconscious object of his admiration, who was listen- ing tranquilly to the animated clatter of her companion. ' She is lovely !' rejoined Hamlyn em- phatically-' lovely ! Such an uncommon face, and such a distinguished air!' ' Bitten, old fellow? 'laughed his friend. ' Don't take fever too badly. ' Remember she is not fair for you.' ' I'm not likely to forget that,' grunted the other crossly. 'Still, I suppose I can admire a beautiful face when I see it, especially as I am not yet married." ' Of coarse you can, and I'll get you an introduction to the lady fair if you like 'How?' ' That is Mrs. Pattison she is speaking to-a great friend of mine ; regular good sort. I dine with her to-morrow, and she lunches on board the Petrol next day; must have the lady in blue too, so here gees,' «ad he rushed oat of the elah like & whirlwind, and a moment later was stand- ing on the steps of the hotel greeting .Af rs. Pattison, and being introduced to the fair stranger, a proceeding which made' Hamlyn feel unreasonably and insauoly jealous, seeing that fire minutes before be had boen unconscious of the existence of the possessor of those wonderful grey eyes and those sweet mobile lips which were smiling so kindly at good-looking Disney Warren. j ' And so you don't believe ia love, Mrs. Sau tuerez P' Pierce Hamlyn leant forward a little to get a better view of his companion's face as he put the question, and his eyes rested admiringly on -the rounded white arms, bare to the dimpled el bews, and the finn beautifully raodolled threat, guiltless of any ornament, on which her lovely head was regally poised. He was in Mrs. Pattison's quaint, pretty dimly-lit drawing room, redolent with the iierfume of freshly gathered sweet smel ing blooms. It was after dinner, and in the quiet corner near the long French window that led out iuto the dusky starlit garden, he seemed as much alone with his beautiful companion as though there had been no one else in the room, for Warren and his hostess were at the piano,' .he playing, he singing. Captain Uarfour and Miss Boche had .their heads very close together ovor a book of photographs while Mrs. Murray, a fat fair widow of, forty or thereabouts, was listening, with extreme complacency, to the rhapsodical nonsense ottered by one Horatio Nelson John Smith, a young mau of some two and twenty summers, who was not such a fool as he looked, as his canny attentiona to the rich relict showed. Beyond this there was no one in. the room. Mrs. Pat- tison loved a small party, and seldom, invited more than seven guests to her delightful little dinners, which wer« decided events in the Poppleton season nod te which the Poppletonians looked forward eagerly-that is, the elect of the town who were favoured with Mrs. Patti- son's friendship, those on whom she let the light of her countenance shine when she esme down to her charming villa for the autumn months. " I did not say that I do not believe in love, Mr. Hamlyn,' responded his com- panion, in those low rich tones which already fell like music on the young nun's ears, turning a little towards him. *NoP I understood it so.' 'Say rather misunderstood it.' 'I will say anything you like,'he told her, rather ardently fixing his eyes on her face. . .No,that will not do, smiling at him Chat rare smile, which, when it came, lit ap the sweet face like a ray of sunshine. 'Ton must adhere strictly to the truth. What I did say was that I had lost my perfect faith in love, that I did not believe it could or would last for ever.' . ' What vandalism from fair lips 1' he laughed. ' Has your experience been au «afortúnate one P - 1 No,' she answered, frankly ; ' I did not marry for love.. My marriage was arranged by my parents. I wedded a man more than doable my age, who two hours after the ceremony had a stroke of paralysis. For the few years he existed afterwards he was only a living corpse, incapable of speech or aetion." 'How terrible!' exclaimed Hamlyn. 'Tea; it was fearful for him, poor man, and bad I loved him it wonld Save Wiled me; asl did not, I survived the fhçak, Tot my married life was never- theless fiorribfe/ and she shuddered a little, as though at tho recollection of some' horror toe vile to be thought of without a qualm, .It must have been/ said the young man with ready sympathy} 'don't talk Jp?ont it. Let us go back to love.* 'i/ove, Iovo. h?ye J' she said, with a little Impatient gesture of her white ungloved fcsnd., 'Why do nil you men talk of Jove? * Perhaps yon inspire ps with the sub jeri,' he suggested boldly. 'Oh, nonsense!' and she frowned a little. * It is a wearisome, tiresome sub jest, and ope that most be nauseating to yod; for, of coarse, you have been in love dozens of tinges, falling in and falling jput with clbekworklike preeieiou end regularity.' .'You ore wrong,' he rejoined rather jeoldly, for he had an insane and wholly aiiaccoantsbb* de&fco; to Çtand well with t¡ti|8 besotafu! stranger, and was annoyed lo find that ska thought him ¡thai pitiful, (despicable thing; a male flirt. ' I have never been ia lore in my life.' .Never onceP' she questioned, taming those beautiful pensive eyas on him inter- rogatively. » Never once,' he replied firmly. . Though I have admired and liked sever« «I rory charming women,' I ©an honest}* n»y that I have never been actually and truly in low.', ¡ * Ob. you wonderful creature,' she cried MßMfi . ' Most men have. adored 'its IsejfciU divinities before their salad days ' Really. Then I must be. very differ ent from " most men," for I can honestly say that I have not adored one/ . What a wealth of affection yon will have garnered np to bestow upon your wife when you have ouo/ she said dream- ily. 'My wife/ ho echoed, au ugly frown darkening his (AM, for her word« called up a host of unpleasant recollections ; * I may never have one/ ' STtiu will some day/ she asserted con fidonrly. 'Or if I do/ he added slowly, 'one whom 1 dislike and despise/ ' Oh, why ?' she asked eagerly, fasten- ing ber eyes willi curious intentness upon him. ' A man is not always free to choose how, when, and where he likes/ rejoined Hamlyn, evasively. ' Never let yourself be drawn into a loveless marriage-a marriage of conven- ience, Mr. Hamlyn/ said Mrs. Saumures, with sudden gravity. * Let no bait, how- ever groat, however golden,dar,zleyon with its false lustre, lure you on to the. misery, self-cou tempt, dreariness, of su sh a union. It is a living death, an unspeakable hor- ror/ 'Ah, you know, you understand!' ex- claimed Pierce, involuntarily. 'No, I don't think I shall allow myself to be drawn into the whirlpool of marriage against my will. Yet, though I loathe the thought of marriage, I -like to have friends, strong true friends, amongst your sex. Will you be a friend,'Mrs. Saum- arez, to a lonely man V He asked the question half jestingly, leauing forward that he might better look up into those grey-blue eyes which were.fated to work such havoc' in his peace of mind. 'Platonics are ont of fashion/ she re- joined, a faint rose-colonf creeping over .the creamy pallor of her face. * Perhaps* but not honest friendship/ . * Honest friendship between a man and BJ woman ia au impossibility/ she said hurriedly, as she rose and went over to join her hostess at the piano, ' Upon my soul, I think it ie 1' muttered Hamlyn to himself. "I should wane to be something more than friend to her/ That was the first of many meetings between Pierce Hamlyn and Anbertine Saumarez, In fact, they met every day afterwards. Some unseen power, some irresistible attraction, drew them to- gether; an attraction, -.perhaps, which neither tried to resist very strongly, though both knew how fatal it was to the interest of the other that they should love and marry. Mrs. Saumares had five hun- dred a year, a pittance left by her husband ont of his large fortune-left* on the condition that she never married again^ On the day another man's gold circlefw was slipped on her slender finger she was to lose it, and Pierce had told her of his own miserable position, how he was penniless, entirely dependent on the will and wishes of a whimsical old man. Yet nothing seemed able to keep these two apart, though ahead lay the breakers of poverty and want, to which neither was accustomed. Mrs» Pattison noticed it, of course, and fostered it by asking Mrs. Sanmares and Hamlyn frequently to her house, and con- triving to leave them in nice little se- cluded corners alone together ; Disney Warren noticed it too, and joked his friend now and then about his consin, Elise de BasBompiorre, the bride the Mayor des- tined for him, eliciting only a growl or an oath from the sorely-tried young man, who, battling strongly against the fatal passion that was drawing him steadily on towards ruin and poverty, had retained self- command enough not to. speak any- thing of love to the beautiful widow, though he had shown her in a hundred other ways his deep attachment However, there'came a day when all re- serve was broken down between them, whenhis heart lay bare before ber, and he confessed all that he felt for hör- all the mighty passion that made him feel that ttie world would be well lost sb long as he possessed her, his* hive, hps divinity. 1 {Concluded in our next,) ..BnaansnsansBsnmaBSBBSMBtBtaM 