THE MURCHISON GOLD FIELD. A gentleman in Kadina has received the following letter from Captain William Mitchell, dated from Four-Mile, near Cue, on April 7 :— The trip from Adelaide to Geraldton was of the ordinary character. I am a very good sailor as far as eating and re taining are concerned. That is to say the little fishes or big ones do not get any more taeker because I happen to be a passenger on board a steamer. At Fre mantle ire purchased a turnout consisting of two horses, baggy, and everything else I to make the affair complete. These we shipped to GeraldtoD, and on the 12th of February w« made a start for this inte resting locality, and arrived at Hon Bails'e hotel ten days later. The journey was «ery monotonous, classified as follows: —The first 70 miles fine tight sand, the wheels sinking 5 or 6 inches in it, which plays " Old Harry" with the shoulders of the horses, and ditto with a man's feet, for I can assure yon ridiog over this part of tbe country is altogether oat of the question. The seeond part (190 miles) is composed of fair scrub or bush roads and mulga scrub. From morn til ere nothing bat " mulga, mulga," until one wishes his Satanic Majesty was short of fuel and engaged some of his imps to cut wood for his warming pans in this part, and gire one a chance of looking at least a obain ahead. Hewerer, everything has an end, and mulga is no exception to the rule. We got here as I said just now in 10 days, the distance being about 260 miles. This is reckoned very good travel ling, Now to the district. " The Murcbi soq" is again dirided into sections, namely: Cue (chief centre), Four-Mile, Dead Fin ish, and tbe Island Lske Austin. Cue is a rising town consisting of several stores, smith's shop, and hotels (four, 1 tbiuk), and one " shypoo" shop. Shypoo here means colonial beer made from sugar or bops and is simply the same kind of article that is called swaokey on Yorke's PeninBola. An immense number of claims surrround this town and are held chiefly by prospectors, and worked ' by them. Nineteen out of every 20 ate for sale, pro viding the said prospectors can get a good round sum for them. Anything in the shape of quartz formation is considered a " good thing," and if it does not carry gold, it ought to do, and undoubtedly will at some further period. This is wbat they say, " All that glitters is not gold.*' nevertheless I am confident thai some permanent and payable mines will turn np at Cue and the place has a good future in store. The Four-Mile is 4 miles south of Cue, hence its name. The Day Dream claim is situated at the south-west and joins the town, which boasts of several stores, two smith shops, two hotels, and one shypoo house. Scores of claims have been taken up on the flat east and south of the town, and among them there are some that will distinguish themselves shortly. The Sailor Bill line of reef will, I think, eome out on top, and, unless I am very much mistaken, this place will take a higher position in mining matters than Cue. The Dead Finish situated about 10 miles weBt of Cue, and 8 miles from the Four-mile, is the most interesting part of tbe district I ha^e seen. For an are* of four miles square it is simply a network of reefs running at every conceivable angle. The Fortune of War, Victory United or Extended, the Siege of Paris, the Golden Grate, and many other good pro perties are in this place, and I think the Dead Finish will be the leading plaee in tbe Field in leis than two years. The island, as it is called here, is situ ated about 14 miles south and a little east of {he Four-mile. Several good olsims are bring worked there with good results, and most of the gold is extracted by the dolly ing method. This in itself is sufficient to show that the gold is found ia good pay ing quantities. In a letter of this kind I can do no to ore than give yon an oatline of the country and its ways and means. To go into detail would simply tire you to read, and would cost me days of tiresome writing, In oonelusion I may say that nine tenths of the claims here are worked by i prospectors themselves, and there is not the ghost of a show for any msn to think of getting work at wages. There is no alluvial ground £o go on to earn a few pounds. It is simply reefing, that yon know requires capital. Any working man coming here ought at least to have a hundred pounds in hfs pocket to enable him to prospect for himself ; but to eome here with the bope of obtaining employ ment at wages is altogether madness. I trust that yon will do your utmost to per suade anyone that may be inclined to eome here not to do bo at the present. In two years I believe the IJeld will absorb a very large number of workers, but not till then. Companies most be formed, batteries must be erected, and other de velopments carried o t before the wages roan, can have a show. And then, too, yon must look at the cost of living. - Bread 1b per loaf, potatoes 6d per lb., jam Is per tin, meat from 6d to 8d per lb., and if he likes bia nobbier he must pay a hob for it, anless-he takes shypoo, and that isdd. Too gee from this a person cannot live for a song. I met Jas. Pannan and Dick Hancock yesterday; they have been here a , week and no chance of a job. I am trying my best on their behalf, and I trust I shall snceeed. We hau two claims under offer lor our Svn-iicate or. Company. I *.-« -Rti*fied with th-ir worth if money can be obtained for their development. I shall remain here, I expect, for afoot two months longer. 14m in fairly gobd health. 