Adventure. wft aky and olang to bar convulsive eagerness. ana lilled her stars that spangled was a frosty, a frozen air, and the gibbono on the edges of the horizon, light on the bleak land- come home late from the jingling the money in bis had walked itnto the little a log or t&o; bnrned on a dip candfe only made Mrs. Gordon sat by the' stockings, and' Rhoda, sitting stool at her feat, was read- from a drift off manuscript in her lap. 1" said Gordon! with an in- malice, that ecfnnded in hia Kufvly- as it glittered vrom his eyes. times, I'd like torfiillJW, Lu.s I sort of thing 1 . Ah I I under- didn't expect ale home nntil You was coin' to ih&vfl; it All vnnr " Wouldn't I, though J". grimly retorted the hoity-ieatursd old man-' "You'll eee Hbether I would or not. Go ! Step !" Bsbe spoke he held the' door wide open. A of air rushed ihy6ugh the- room and PtJhe-fsblfflTgh't of the oandle. And is the sullen, windy dark, the two vvomen cams out, to return no more. Rhoda Gordon had been miserable until step-mother came to the homestead. She PPha-i longed for kindness, she had hungered K 'for sympathy, she had craved even the Kjmerefct look or word of notice in that solitary Hbtouse, where money-making was the Moloch Bv?kick b wallowed up oil else-.- -. Mrs. Gordon her 3tep-dHughtef"had loved. eaoh other Hondiy ueulendSiIy. It was to her Btep- char Rhoda ventured to read th6 effa- onu cf her active and imaginative brain, Bia Mrs. Gordon listened with eager ad- Kiration and loving sympathy, to the utter and contempt of the farmer. HVpmen are made to work," said he, to write, I'll put a stop to this of nonsense, or I'll know the reason it B£nd this was the beginning and end of the Bthestic difference which had culminated in Boh a sorrowful tragedy/' BMr. Gordon came back into the kitchen, Bxcd hia glass of toddy, and went to bed. « « t0 & Epd lesson t-o em, he said. And Mr3. Gordon and Rboda gazed into ether's pale, frightened f&06s. Mother, dola't look so deadly white," waid Rhoda, courageously. " We'll go down o the old blacksmith's shop, and kindle a .Jbmagfc&t;, at least, is my own 1" HHblackBmith's shop down the road, istle- grown patch of land in its been willed to Rhoda's own thence had descended to her ; a kritance, with its roof eaten by decay, its foundation settling No one had ocoupisd it Rhoda's means were insuffi- the necessary repairs, and Mr. been slow to dedare that of his should eyer- beEqu-ju-. up that cld rat-hole 1") " said he ; and auction, to do the from the and Rhoda wa3 heartily kindled a blaz9 of dry large, unused hearth, so that could warm her marble-cold 1" she oried, fondly crush- dew from Mrs. Gordon's plaoe is qnite comfortable, have managed' to get the door it funny, the idea of a little growing right across the thres- almost wicked to break Renf&way;, as I was forced to do I I'll spread my shawl over the in the corner, and— Oh, what's Rstrange they had not seen it mast have been there little, old man, BPiBtowb, sitting by the firs, Bevas dreeF a quaint, old-fashioned Bstjle. with ku6e-0re£.phee, and a queue down Bbis back, and was belong hia hands over Rhc iiisze wise a sort of ravenous eagerness Bjfthe warmth. He was -go little, and bo BT\c, and his teeth chattered ao in his Brivelk'd' head, that Rhoda's momentary in- Bnation died away at once. r'l hope I don't intrude," safd-4he little with ihe depreoating falsetto of " But it's cold, very cold, and I haven't a fire here before in a quarter of a oen- looked hard at him. Bp you live near here, sir?" she Kiittle eld man nodded. near," said he. " I used to know B:andfathcr Grupp. A bard- working cud the best hand -at a horse- Bccuntry round. Ah, yee I I knew Rhoda's sleeve snr- let stay, \- He can do the under a clay Not a angle a leap 1 iur nearen neighbor to hai aesteteo forge, . turned pale. I " " It's Hen Haverstraw!" said he. " Old ' Ben Btaverstraw, who has been dead and buried in the little ohnrohyard back of the forge these forty years ! Ho nsed to play cards with your Grandfather Grupp, Miss Rhody, many a night, after the forge was shut up, and folks supposed everybody was abed and asleep. My father has described bim to me many a time,' an odd little man, . in brown clothes, with blaok silk stockings : and knee breeches, a queue hanging down his \ back, and a braid of seals ai his fob. Folks said he waB in league with the Evil One. He wasn't a good associate for your Grandfather Grupp, anyhow. Yes, yes He's been dead full forty years, and maybe longer." " Bat- that Is nonsense ?" cried Bhoda. " It was no ghoBt that we saw. It was a little, old-fashioned traveller, who was cold and tired, and came in for a little rest." " Did you see' him come in ?" demanded Mr. Gidding. " No," answered Rhoda. " Did yon see him go out ?" And again Rboda and her mother were compelled to answer in the negative. He was gone. That was all they knew about it. " Ah !" said neighbor Gidding. " I thought so. S'pose we juBt call my son Abram and -the hired man, with a crow-bar or so, and pry up that there old hearthstone ? P'rhaps no harm !" They pried up the Buoken, old stone, ana there, under the corner, was a tarnished brick of gold — of solid gold, welded together as only a skilled workman in metals could have welded it t All this happened years ago. A handsome, modern residence now stands where onee the forge-lights gleamed sullenly out upon the night, and Rhoda Gordon— married to Alvan Gidding — lives there with het" step mother. Farmer Gordon would fain have patched up a piece when his daughter became bo un expectedly an heiress, but Rhoda abso lutely declined a treaty of any sort, whatso ever. « Mother and I suit each other," she said. " We never have Suited you. Things are better as they are." But to this day, the wiseaores of the neighborhood can never agree about the Little Man in Brown. The idealists set the whole thing down as a well- authenticated ghost story. The practical members of society call it a dream, a fancy, a mere fig ment of the imagination, oddly pieced on to a forgotten story. Rhoda and her mother, themselves, do not know what to think. And tourists often leave the train at Grupp's T7! — MM J J.AMKA MMMAHfl fVlA AfiMd frt look at the sunken tombstone which marks the last resting-place of Captain Benjamin Haverstraw, who died June 8, 1830, and his friend, Heber Grupp, buried dose at his side. "It's very strange," they_ say. "Very strange, indeed 1 Really, there is no account ing for suoh things." The wise prove, and the fooliBh confess by . their conduct that a life of employment is the only life worth leading. — Paley. Keep up hope in bad times. We have the. same sun and Bky and stars ; the same God and heaven and truth ; the same duties and the same helpers. Hope thou iif God.r— Dr. Goodell. " The chief, seoret of comfort lies in not sufi6ring trifles to vex us, and in prudently cultivating our undergrowth of small plea sures, since very few great ones, alaB I are let on long leases. 