ST. AKDItEW: PATRON* SAINT OF SCOTLAND. ITht- following Address upon '.St. Andrew: Patroa Kockhajiij.ion, en St Andrew's E' e, ttie S-th of Noveui l-er. ibM, hy Mr. William W'Uniaiih, Editor of The Mnrmnfj Bulletin and The Capriconu'aa, Rock ham pton.J anomaly that, in a Presbyterian Church, and to an audience largely composed of Preaby terian Scots by birth or descent, I should appear to deliver a lecture upon a saint ; for saints, among many other Romish institutions, were supposed to have been abolished by our forefathers at the time of the Reformation. The Confession of Faith— the standard of our church, and recognised as one of the beet epitomes of Protestant doctrine, contains a chapter upon saints, meaning those who are honest and true in the profession of Cbris idea that men, who have led holy lives on earth, are capable of promoting the eternal interests of others in heaven. Yet, upon the last day of November, Scotsmen, not only in Presbyterian Caledonia, bat wherever com munities of Scots are to be found, celebrate the anniversary of Saint Andrew, who is universally regarded as the patron eaint of their native land. The reason of this is to be arc more ancient lhan any ecclesiastical or ganisation, and are associated with the deepest and best iustincts of humanitv. To honour a man who Las devoted his talents, of whatever character these may be; -who has given his energies, aud al! that is good in liis lift.-, for the benefit of hi* fellows, is .-. natural and a rude tribes, whose very existence is demon strated almost eolely by their manifestation of it. Those of you who have wandered over the spicuous objects amid the heather, arc *' stand- ing stanes ' and lone grey cairns, commem orative of heroes, whose names have lone since been forgot. These are permanent testimonials of the honour paid to the illustrious dead. Similar records are to be found in all lands. Then, when we come to the historic period in the history of the human race, we have men, were actually worshipped as gods, and had altars aad temples erected in their honour. ' All those mortals are called gods9' Fays an ancient Latin author, 'who, the course of life being prudently guided and governed, are honoured by men with The history of Sreek'and Roman mythology is largely occupied with accounts of the apothesis — of the elevation to the godhead — of men, who, by noble works, hivd won the approbation of their countrymen. Pious pagans, in all honesty aud sacred devotion, worshipped these gods. The lapse of time appeared to deepen the feeling, so that Christianity when it appeared could not wholly eradicate it. While the worship of the Almighty, triune God spread in the world, and the divine command *' Thou shah have no other Gods before me,'' made hero worship a deadly sin, yet the ancient feeling was recognised and maintained in the new religion, which had in its founder the highest example of self-sacrifice, self-denial, and all embracing love. To the early Christians the author of their faith was in all and above all things the sole and supreme object of their adoration. Contempor aneously with the wocsQip of Christ that of the Gods of Rome was continued, and littt» more than three ?enturies had elapsed in°tlte v v*cTf co° ^moraLic^' * (M ^f1.1^ of adored men had sprung up, which uHitn the West aud Esst. At intervals in the early centuries, the Christian Church was subjected with i heir blood. Tbeir tomb= became relics came to be regarded wiih holy awe ; and they were highly exalted in human exi&l;£oce l«-nj» before the terra was used in Uie 12ih century, aud it Las been extended to the earliest professors of Christianity. By it as recognised by tbe (Jreek Church and Church of Rome. The old natural feel Stilized^for the 'benefit 0?'° he ^Imrchcs .' I because Andrew ha? been canonized— has been made a taint— that Scotsmen bold his life ; and because of his name being associated ar an early period with the intellectual, moral, and material prosperity of Scot laud. TJis name has come to be conn(-*cted in the tiou among their barbarous forefathers, and the introduction of a state of things, which has conduced to the glory and greatness of 'Caledonia, stern and Mild.' Though it be against the practice of the Predbyieriau ^ i i c i o up sai , s no --? n memory of beuefactors of their species. This of the Hritish Empire,— recalling event* in the j lion of all nieri ; and letting our minds dwell an his coniKotion with ' our .iiu d.-«r lan.1. ' I uiv .iL|w*nl io ^L1'ii1-or|.ri1.-ri'*»l-ilK- Vi..Jraiihy ' r.f'si. An.lro«; »?:?! th.-i. 'to rolaU- what is. knnwn ,,f hi* ,-,nn,vtion wiih Scotland. Andrew. «8 mi .1-mlif y-m *iv awan-, ud».»nc' nf the Apostle* of -'!ifi*t, und for information j rp^rding the U-adini: events of hi* life we are iM.t.l.to-l to Holy Wril. On H.f ea.si i-on.-t of Scotland there are littic villages, almost wholly tenanted by fisher-folk, who are not generally perhaps bo cultivated and intelligent as workers in towns and cities. For genera tions they have kept themselves by them selves, aud form almost a separate race. On the north shore of Gennesaret, where the river Jordan empties its waters into the L&ke.; at the beginning of the Christian era., was each a village occupied by fishermen. Bethsaida — ' House of rish' is a name which testifies to the calling of tbe inhabitants ; whether they kept their individuality as distinct as the fishers on the east coast of Scotland we have no means of knowing, but the name, 'Andrew, gives some countenance to the supposition they did not, as it ie of Greek His father's name was Jona. If we look upan it as another form of John, and give the Apostle his full name according to Gaelic custom,- it -would be Aindrea Miain, or M*K.can. He had a younger brother named Peter, who also became an Apostle end Saint. . They were disciples of John the Baptist, and the earliest mention we have of them is in John L 35 ' Again the next day after John stood, and two of his disciples ; and looking upon Jesus as he walked he saith— Behold the Luub of God ! And the two disciples heard him speak, and they followed Jesus. Then Jesoo turned and saw them following, and saith nnto them— what seek ye ? They said unto him, Rabbi (which is io say, being inter preted, Master) where dwellcst tbon? He saith unto them come and sec They came, and saw where he dwelt, and abode with him that day for it was about the tenth honr. Oiiu of the two which beard John speak, and ? followed him was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother. Uu tir-.t tindeth his own brother Simon, and saith unto him, we have found the Messias, which is being interpreted the Christ, and he brought him to Jesus, and when Jesus beheld him he said thou art Simon, the son of Jona, thon sha.lt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation a stone.'' From this simple narrative it may be inferred that the sons of Jona shared the expectations ae to the ad rent of a Savionr, which at that time filled the minds of so many of their countrymen. Their intercourse with John tbe Baptist had stimu lated their hopes but whether they looked for an earthly prince, who should drive out the Romans, and restore the ancient glory of their country ; or a great moral reformer, there is not evidence to show. It was after tie two disciples, John and Andrew, had spent the night with Christ that the latter found his brother, and took him to Christ as the Messiah. This act of Andrew has pointed him out as tbe earliest apostle,— the first bearer of tbe message of Christ's advent, and hence he has been called the ** Rock before the Rock.' After this meeting, which took place near Bathabara beyond Jordan, the disdples were present at the marriage in Cana of Galilee, and, witnessing the miracle performed there, they believed on Him. Thereafter they re turned to BeLhsaida. You will remember that Christ afterwards said ? ' Woe unto thee Bethsaida, for if the mighty works, which were done in you, had been done in Tyre and Sidon, they wonld have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes.' It may be sormised that he referred not merely to his own mighty works, but to the labours of tbe youthful disciples. The nert meeting between Christ and them is recorded in MatUiev iv-18-dO. On that occasion they were engaged fishing when Christ called them, and upon Iiis promising to make them fishers of men. they left their nets and followed him. From Luke's account ot the meeting it would appear their faith in Christ was cod finned by the miraculous draught of fishes. Then it was Peter full down on Iiis knees before the Saviour, »nd said—' Depart from me ; fo.- I am a sinful man, 0 Lord.' He thus appears to have obtained a. ch;ar and true knowledge of the character of the Master. Andrew and Peter were afterward*1 with the Lord in his journeys up and down Palestine, though their present when Christ fed the multitude, in the desert near Bethsaida, with five loaves and two small fishes ; he was also a listener when Christ, sitting on the Mount of Olives, dis coursed on the troubles which would beset the world — ' For ualion faiia.ll rise against and on the persecutions to which his disciples would be exposed ; be partook of the Last Supper, and heard the farewell words of the the lime. He was with the other Apostles in the upper room iu Jerusalem, when they con cost i Ley were at! with one accord in one place, and all were filled with the Holy Ghost. declaring the truth in Christ, Andrew re turned to Bethlehem, where he sojourned for into Cappadncia, where his preachiog pre vailed among the rude inhabitants. There some centuries after uas born George, the church, and having Hone feo \reut still north wards into the Province of Pontus. Atnon' the maritime moving population of the coast of operations, and he carried his labours t hence to Sincere iu the Province- of Bythinia. He preached with great force ani audacity in the face of the priests of pagauisin aud Roman officials. These stirred np the people against bim. and one day, when he was preaching iu the market place, tho rabble set upon him, and maltreated him =o roughly, he was carried beyou.I the ciry walls, in the Iwlief that he was dead. Hi= friends, however, by thfir kindly ininisirdtiuus, revival aud restored city, ami, t-- the aMonishmeut of his em-mil's, preached as boldly as ever. While in sinoiie \w. nsceivwl a visit from his btorher Puier, and we can well imagine they enjoyed a period of pleasant aud instructive con verse. They parted at Siaope, never to meet again. Andrew removed from tbe city, and for a time took up his residence En Kicea, a city famooa in Christian annals. Having spent some time in it be rumored to Con stantinople. Here he remained far six years, and founded a church. Seeing it fairly estab lished and prosperous, he longed to be once more spreading the gospel, and set onton a nor thern tour, in which he visited Thracia, Moesia, as Boamania wbs then called, and preached in Odessua and Nicopolis- Thence he travelled into Hungary, Bohemia, and Moravia, gathering together little congregations of Christians, Mid where possible forming churches. Still holding a northerly course be reached the country on the banks of the Oder, part of Poland, and passed from it to Russia. In the Valley of the Dnieper he remained for sir. months converting the rude races of people, and establishing Christian churches. Hie memory is etill fondly cherished in the countries he visited on this great tonr, and Andrew is not merely the patron saint of Scotland, bat of Bohemia, Hungary, and Bosnia. At last he turned his face south wards again ; retraced his course to the shores of the Eusine ; and journeyed hIqd£ them* by Bea and land probably, to Constantinople. There for a time he rested, and had sweet communion witu those wbo nad grown np in Che faith daring his absence. After a time, however, the wandering impulse again took possession of him, and he set out this time towards the west. He passed through Tbracia into Macedonia, and established in it the important Church of The&a;&lonica;, which vr«a afterwards occupied by Timothy, and to which Paul addressed one of his Epistles. Thence Andrew passed into Epiras, and afterwards spent a year each in Thessalia, and Aetolia. He crossed the gulf of Pacras into Achaia, and took up bis residence at P&tras.; In these provinces be had met with considerable opposition from the Roman soldiers and pagan people. The Pro-Consul ^Egeas was not unobservant of the labours of Andrew, and in order to find a pretext arresting them, issued for a decree, calling on all the people of P&tras; to join in offering up sacrifices to the deities, whom the Greets and Romans had long worshipped. This order Andrew declined to comply with. He was immediately thrown into prison. Then he was taken oat of it, publicly crucified on the cross, with tbe name and form of which we are all familiar. This meant a slow and lingering death for the old man, but he bore the pain and agony with Christian fortitude and patience. He prayed for those who laughed and jeered at his sufferings, and exhorted his the faith wfaich he had declared to them. After two long days of suffering he besought Christ for relief; it came, and at last he calmly passed away. His death is believed to have taken place on tfle 30th of November, A.D. 60, and in tbe seventieth year of his age. His remains were embalmed, and hoo.oun.bly buried ia the city of Patras, where he had Buffered martyrdom. A church was erected over his grave. In 807 the inhabitants were able oAaided. to defeat an attack of Sclavoniajia, bat as the victory wan attributed to tbe aid of St. Andrew, tbe church was enriched by the imperial share of the spoils, and remains a magnificent building to the present day. Travellers visit the place, among them illus trious Scotsmen, and strange thoughts have passed through their *n*nf^H as they looteu upon the memorials of one whose name is so ultimately associated with their native land. From the south-east of Europe, and the lands in which Andrew is reputed to have laboured and died, I have now to aak you to tun your thoughts to the British leles, and to the state of matters there a thousand years ago. Amid the mists and shadows of early history, we shall endeavour to trace the events which led to Andrew becoming the Patron Saint of Scotland. Daring the occupation of Britain by the Romans the Christian religion had anqaestiaaa.biy made its way under their auspices among the people. Before tbe con quering rice had withdrawn from the country, Niniati had erected his church, at Whithora, in Galloway. The ecclesiastical system fol lowed the appearance of the disciples of Ninian, and sainta of the three orders then known in the Chnrcb of Rome— secular, monastic, and eremitical — spread over the country. The first order of saints, we are told, had Christ for their head and St. Patrick for their leader or chief, 'la the middle of the sixth century St. Colamba crossed from Ireland to Iona, and in that remote isle founded a monastery, whence preachers and teachers were sent out all over Scot land. Monasteries were founded ; el.nrcbes erected. But this -early Scottish Church would not conform to Rome. There were differences as to tbe time of celebrating Easter, as to tbe style of cutting their hair These differences led to antagonism between tbe Church of Rome and the native church ; tbe latter was ultimately brought into conformity. About the beginning of the eighth century Scotland and the North of England was divided into fonr kingdoms ; tbe Picts had two king doms to the north of the Forth ; the northern Picts, beyond the iirampians, and the southern Picts, between the mountain range and the Forth and sea ; the Angles held tbe Kingdom of Bernicia, extending along the east coast of Scotland from the Forth into Northumberland, and as far as York ; the Britons of Strathclyde ocenpied the south west of Scotland, with tbe exception of Gallo way, whose inhabitant* were Picts. There were Scots of DaJriada in Argyle and tbe Western isles ; and a mixed, independent race m the debateable land near the Forth, between the Picts and Britons. Between churches and kingdoms there w as con tinual straggling and striviag foe supre macy, and at short intervals sharp conflicts. Abont the beginning of the eighth century the Bishop of V ork was Wilfred, who troubled the monks not a little, and ultimately was expelled from his Bishopric. He went to Rome ; broaght his case before the Pope, who decided in bis favour. On his rttarn, after some contention, be was admitted to preside over the Church. lie had founded a monastery at Hexbam, winch uas dedicated to St, Andrew. He was succeeded by his priest Acca, who ' being him self a most active person, and great in the sight of God and man, much adorned and added by his wonderful works to the stroctare of his church, which is dedicated to the blessed Apostle Andrew. For he made it his business, to procure relics of the blessed apostle and martyrs of Cbrist from all parte of the world, to erect altars in honour of them, dividing the earae by porches in the walls of the church. Besides which he very diligently gathered the history of their sufferings, to gether with other ecclesiastical writings, and erected there a. most natneroos and noble library.' This is the testimony of the venerable Bede, who wrote while Acca was still alive. ' Among the relics of the blessed Apostles, thus collected and brought to Hex ham by Acca,' we arc told *'were most certainly the relics of St_ Andrew, and itnoag the histories gathered together by him would no doubt be the legend of that Apostle.' Here then we have the earliest record of the introduction of tbe relics of St. Andrew into Britain. About the beginning of the eighth century— Nee un, King of the Picts, had nlriceH his kintrdom under tbe natronacre of St. Peter. In his reign St. Boniface, an Israel ite, descended from a Bister of St. Peter and St. Andrew, and a native of Bethlehem, hid ventured into Pictavia, where he met Kectan, and baptised him and bis followers He con vened them probably from the Church of Cotamba to vhe Church of Rome, How the patronage of the Kingdom came to be more distinctly associated with St. Andrew forms the subject of two legends. The earlier of these in point of composition relates that after the crucifixion of St. Andrew his bones were kept at Patios, for a spa.ee of two hundred and seventy years. In the reign of Constans they were taken up and trans ferred to Constantinople, where they re mained for oue hundred and ten years. The legend then goes on to relate that Hnngua (or Angus) King of the Picts, in a campaign against the Britons was surrounded by his enemies, when be bad a vision of St. Andrew, who promised him victory, on con dition that he offered up a tenth part of his inheritance in honour of God and St. Andrew. Preceded by the sign of the cross his waniore advanced to the achievement of a glorious victory. Aboat tbe same time one of the custodians of the relics of Sl Andrew at Constantinople was warned in a vision to take them to a land which should be shown him. Sl Regulus, a monk and pilgrim, brought the relics to Scotland, where he met Hungus ; and 11 King Hungns then gave that place and city to God and St. Andrew, the Apostle, that it should be the head and mother of all the churches which are in the Kingdom of the Picts.' The other legend abont the relics of St. Andrew relates that in the year 345 Con Btantine collected a great army to invade Patraa, in order to avenge the martyrdom of St. Andrew, and remove his relics ; that an angel appeared, and ordered Regulus, the bishop, with his clergy to proceed to the sarcophagus in which the bonea of St. Andrew were enshrined, and to take part of them, consisting of three lingers of the right hand, a part of one of the arms, the pan of one of tbe knees, and one of the teeth and conceal them ; that Constandne entered the city the follow ing day, and carried off to Rome the shrine containing the rest of the bones ; he afterwards wasted the country, and took the bones of St. Luke and St. Timothy, as well as tbe relics of St. Andrew to Constantinople. The second part of this legend relates to the vision of St. Andrew, appearing to Hangos ; tells of rhe conflict between the Picts and Saxons, in their King has his head taken off. Bishop Reguius, is warned to sail to the north vrith the relics. After devious cruising be arrives off the land of the Ficts, is wrecked at a place called Muckroas, and afterwards Kylrimont. There he and bis company erect a cross, and remain a week. Thereafter Regains, with the relics in his keeping, travels inland, and meets Hongns and his Queen. His majesty prostrates himself before the relics, and the lands where tbis and other incidents occur, are dedicated to the use of the Church of St. Kegutne. '? King Hncgus then went with the holy men to Chilrymont, and making a circuit round a great part of that place, immolated it* to God and St. Andrew for the erection of churches and oratories. King Hungus and Bit-hop Regulus, carrying on his head the relied of St. Andrew, his followers chanting hymns, and King Hungus following on foot, and after him tbe magnates of the kingdom, proceeded ronnd it seven times. Thus t bey commended that place to God, and protected it with tbe king's Other ceremonies followed, in which Hungus gave Chilrymout, to -Sod and St. Andrew his Apostle, with ' Waters, meadows, fields, paB tures. moors and woods, as a gift for ever.1' it is exceedingly difficult out of nil this to make a concise and intelligible narrative. Antiquaries and historians puzzle their brains over tbe differences, contradictions, analogies, find agreements ot the legends. Traditionary lore, monkish legends, and recorded facts, ure curiously blended. It would appear that the earliest patron baint of the northern portion of the United Kingdom was St. Peter. In the adoption of a patron saint, the newly converted chiefs and princes of the Celtic race followed tbe Roman custom of paying horntte;e to a titular deity. The practice of selecting some 'od, invoking his ai'1, and placing gifts upon his altar would be tangbt by the masters of the country before tbe name of Christ was beard in it. It in one, moreover, that was purstttti by barbarous tribes- Over what extent of country Peter bad been regarded as tittroo. saint, we have no means of ascertain inc. Kectan was king of the Picks at the be ginning of the eighth century, and probably nis government extended to those who occu pied that part of Scotland between the Forth and tbe Grampians. He conld not b'ave been a very devoted worshipper of St. Peter, as upon his conversion by Boniface he trans ferred the patronage to St. Andrew. Hib general acceptance was apparently due to his influence on the fortunes of war. Andrew be lonced to tbe church militant in a marked manner. Thoogu the people of Patras did him to death in a most cruel and ignominious fashion became to their aid in after years, and they gave hitn credit for having fcecared them the victory in a conflict with Sclavonian in vaders. Then, in both the legends to which reference has been made, he is represented as winning the battle for those who -relied on his aid, though U takes away from bis charac ter for disinterestedness and dignity to find his agents filing his services before the battle began. Id both legends he is stated to have appeared to Hungus, and whatever may have been tbe truth of tbe matter, he pot credit for having turned the tide of battle. Probably the King dreamed he saw St. Andrew, and there are people on this side of the world, who see a cross in the Btarry eky, where others cannot discern it distinctly. Pious imagination is a wonder fnl aid even to physical vision. It is not unlikely the relics of St. Andrew were brought into Scotland in tbe reign of Angus Mac Fergus, one of tbe most powerful Kings of the Picts, by St. Retina, and were taken by him from the Church at Hexham, where they had been placed by Acca. The locality, which as stated above was peculiarly associated with St. Andrew, has ever since borne bis name, and through many centuries has been the seat of religions life and intel lectual culture. In tne tenth century a great meeting was held on the Moot-hill at Scone, at which King Constantin and Bishop Cellach 'solemnly vow to protect the laws and discipline of the faith, and the rights of the churches, and of the Gospel, equally with the Scot*.' 'Two facts' says the historian from whom we quote ** may be fairly deduced from the abort notice of this meeting given in the Pictish chronicle ; first that it secured the rights and liberties of the cbnrch as now amalgamated into one body t and secondly, that the leading part taken in it by Bishop Cellach obviously places him at the head of the Church, and tbe primacy must now have been removed to SU Andrew's from Abernetfay. This is another circumstance that would further confirm St. Andrew in his position as patron saint of a larger area of country. Indeed, he might then meet with universal recognition, for though the conntry was divided into several Kingdoms, and races of people maintained their civil independence, there was then only one Christian Church. The primate of it having his seat in the locality, which long before had been im molated to St. Andrew, would naturally have him looked np to as the Patron Saint of Scotland. No more distinct or precise evidence of how St.. Andrew came to be I have told yon how the relics of St. Andrew were reported to have been brought to Scot land, but when they disappeared I have not been able to learn. John Knox and the early Scots reformers cared little for sneh things, and it was in tbe Church at St. Andrews he preached the famous sermon which incited the people to destroy them. Having been adopted as the Patron Saint of the Kingdom at an early period of its history, Andrew has come to be associated with it in many secular circomstances. The survival of these show the reverence in which bis memory has been held, and the history of St. Andrew's city, with its ecclesiastical and university associations, is a subject in which leal Scotsmen should Dot faO to take a lively interest. What I bave related may be re garde i in a great degree as the Romance of the life of St.' Andrew; fact and fiction are so reverently interwoven that than endeavour to rive them asunder. Churches associated with the name of St Andrew are found in all parts of the Briti^j Empire, because hid name has been so lou^ and so intimately connected with Scotland. They are also common in other countries. Lodges of Freemasons are dedicated to St. Andrew. The figure of St. Andrew was at one time impressed on the coinage of Scot land, and Knights of the Thistle— au order of chivalry formed about 300 years ago — wear the jewel or figure of St. Andrew, nuspeuded from a green ribl«-n, and the collar tvbicu is of gold. The tigure of -t. Andrew is also Cameron Highlanders, u famous Scottish regi nient of the line. St. Andrew's cross is em bodied in the Union Jack and other ensigns. St. Andrew's. Societies have been formed in all lands ' Wherei'er Scotsmen gather.' In their proceedings members essay to give practical effect to the principles and practices which St. Andrew spent bis life in promul gating in a world then steeped in paganism. U is not, perhaps, because they think his example more worthy of reverence than that o( other great and good men, Scotsmen particularly honour St. Andrew, but because ciated with their native land. Their admira tion must not be confused with worship. Universal and loyal as is the respect shown to the name of St. Andrew, it is worthy of consideration whether it exceeds that devoted to the name of Robert Burns— and in his own estimation ht ttafl not a saint. Both Patron and Poet felt they bu.d a message for humanity ; their ways of conveying it were different ; bat in their daring independence of spirit ; in their determination to give utterance to tbe thoughts which burned within them ; and in their belf -sacrifice and self-denial in their traced points of resemblance, which have commended them to byegone generations of. Scotsmen, and which, let as hope, wOl contlnne to commend them to many generations yet to come. 