Chapter III. THE SEASIDE HOME. For somedays after her arrival, Ada was tbo much exhausted by her long journfey to do more than lie Still,'thankful to be at rest." ■ . But when a week was gone she was able to sit up and gaze at the: sea and at the people who were walking with, the slow pace of invalids, or the vigorous tread of health upon the esplanade. . ; . The ahnoBt daily sunshine and the clear blue sky, offering such delightful contrasts to the dim: and gloomy street to which she had been used, , made Ada long to b,e out and look ait the wonderful sea at closer quarters. This she was soon able to do. Her mornings, a6 long as the sunshine re-: mained, ^ere spent upon $he smooth sands, or, when the jti^esjmps, .ipgh^on tlie t^les of theefplanadie.|.£i)Jir. Amoim^tbe jnmates, .of (the hopie there was one, ja MrsJiawcetk to'whom .Ada took a great 'imag1 from1' the' tilfet'.'1 Elbe was a young woihan still,, thbngh long' illness had given to hei^ fkcb a'worn look which caused !heh to: appear5 bldbr than1 'she really was! iFor'clbd6'!npbn two ^ybdrs Hra. FaW cett had inbt left h6r bed, end the 'doctor gave her ho hope' theft' she /would ever be ableitb' do no.. Sometimes, tooj.'Bhe would. beseized with .a paroxysm of pain which would ileavejher .prostrate; and feeble .for , whole days together, ^hnt,, especially at-: tracted ;Adas was Ihe., F^WVPtfe extreme patieece^isr, l5|i«ed, jshe;,;wga > more,. than , patient,' WprfWt, i?ohjmatni- , lated .tiifa oh hgf. jretiiraing - health, and, listened with a bright smile of. pieaameVtej tbeaescriptioh wM^nVAda'jfaye 6f tnelhg rollers she' naidhbehbti the sndie, sindof 4ihe flight ' among £dm6, ^h66bbbys'wh6'(l^:htiilt a! caatde of 'sdnd tb tfesisti'th flbV?:' There'/wan never OvOn a sliadbw lupon Mr&! Fahraettte • pale' fade to feetfay>the longing she vhad to beout ef i.hesS 4itflb:<roomj s breathing. the cool, salt air from the sea, and basking in the morning sun. ;• f V ■ '*. - ' X 1 One evening when Ada, tired with her walk, was sitting playing with her needle, she noticed that Mrs. Fawcetfs lips were moving. Looking closer she could see that there was Something.in her hand at which the sick woman gazed intently. Ada started and changed color when at length she saw what this was.- It wasr.nothing else than a crucifix! At that' moment Mrs. Fawcett looked up: and caught her eye.' She smiled and discovering Ada's unmistakable look of horror,. f What is the matter, dear ?" she said.: " Oh- nothing—that is I. didn't mean to pry" into your affairs," replied .Ada rather coldly, settling herself to her needlework. " Oh, I don't mind your seeing my cruci fix. I hope you have no objection to it ? " " I have always 'been taiight to regard it as wrong," said Ada, blushing deeply, " wrong, and—and—and Popish." " Wrong!" repeated Mrs. Fawcett," how can anything.be wrong which reminds us of what Our Dear Lord suffered for us, and as for its being ' Popish' I am not . quite sure that it is any the worse for that." " Oh, Mrs. Fawcett," exclaimed Ada, in stinctively shrinking further away, "you're surely not a Papist!" " No, my dear, I'm not. But for all that I think that Papists, as you call them, have a great deal to say for themselves." If Ada had heard Mrs. Fawcett declare that the Pope! caused the tide to ebb and flow, she could scarcely have been more astonished. ! "But surely, Mrs. Fawcett," she Said, " it is wrong for us to make any graven image ; it says so in the bible." " Then, my dear, I'm afraid that sin is not confined to the Papists. We must blame the queen and parliament and every one who does set up images and statues." "Ah, but they don't worship images," said Ada, taking somewhat safer ground. " No. Neither do Roman Catholics. They simply use images and pictures to remind them of the holy persons whom they repre sent. If any Roman Catholic did worship an image he would have to do great penance and never do it again. If he persisted in his idolatry, he would simply be expelled from the Roman Catholic Church." Ada was silent. " But now tell me, my dear," continued Mrs. Fawcett, " what makes you think so badly of Papists ?" " Why, look at the way they treat the bible—for one thing. They don't believe in it." " Oh, pardon me, Ada, they do. And what is more, if they had not all along believed it to be the Word of God and respected and reverenced it as such, through eighteen centuries, you aud I should never have heard of it." " But why don't they read it and obey it, then?" , ' ' " But they do. It is quite true that they do not encourage young people to read the whole bible promiscuously, and I for one connot blame them for that. And, as for obeying its teachings, they avowedly teach that all their doctrines are contained im plicitly, at least, in the sacred volume, or else within the, treasury which Our Lord left with His Church." " What treasury did He leave except the bible ? " asked Ada. " Except the bible, Ada ? Do you then think that the New Testament was written in Our Lord's time, and left by him to TTia church ? " " Well, yes ; I thought so." . " But," my dear child, for about three centuries there was no New Testament, as we have it, at all, and even theu, until the invention of printing it was physically im possible that the sacred volume should have been spread at all widely. Why, I daresay, in old days, it would have costa person £50 or £60 to have a whole Gospel copied out." " Indeed j then how, were the people taught ?" " The same authority which told men that the Gospel was the Word of God taught thein also how they wefe to live" and what they were to believe." " But1 that sounds like traction ? " ob jected Ada. " Of course it is tradition. But, my dear girl, it is on . tradition that your belief in the bible is grounded. You were told as a child that it was the Word of God. Your father, who told you, had the same know ledge from his father, and so on .through many generations." Again there was a pause, as Ada seemed to be thinking out what Mrs. Fawcett had said. " After, all," continued the latter, " this teaching or tradition which, when it is mere human tradition; yoii ! believe, is plainly: taught in its Divine and unerring form in the pages of the New Testament itself." ' "Show- me Where you find' that" said Ada, with a look of triumph ih her eye as she handed Mrs. Fawcett the copy which the girl always kept Close at hand. "Well; look here;- Our Lord bids His apostles go forth and ' teach all nations/ He promises that the spirit of truth shall abide) with, them for ever. Again, Our Lord' distinctly < gives His ministers. power' to forgive sins." ;; ., ■ - ■' ; "Oh, Mra. Fawcett, how can ypu say so,?": '" But it is not I that say so, but the New Testament, wbioh.you !say yourself, is the : Word of God. Look here,' And he said , to theip again; Peace be to you, ;As .the: Fa ther. hatn sent ,ms, I also,sen# you. When He had said, this He breathed on them, and . He said/ to thejq,' Itecpive' ye the Hoij? GhoSt; whose siris you forgive they are forgiven 'them, arid whose siris you retain they are 'rettmed' (John xx., '21, 22j 23). And/my dear Ada, when you;speak againSt ' the Pope, take care that you are -not speak- ' irig against what' Our ? Lord; has instituted* Turn to the 16th chapter of St. Matthew's i Gospel and tell me what is meant by these words, ' And 16ay to thee that thou art Peter, and upon thin rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not pre vail against it. And I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of Heaven. And whatsoever thou shalt bind upon earth it shall be bound also in heaven, and whatso ever thou shalt loose upon earth shall be loosed also t in ; heaven/ Now, Catholio priests, have always claimed the power to forgive men their sins, and they do so stilL ■If anybne says that in so doing they (are guilty of blasphemy, the; charge seems to me to strike at our Lord more than at them. And if Peter was really the rook on which our Lord founded His church;' for 'Peter' means 'rock,' does it not seem likely that the Pope, who is the direct buc cessor of Peter, stands also as the rock on which the church is'built ? And then; the Roman church is the only body on earth that even pretends to possess the spirit of truth, promised by our Lord; for every other body admits that it may, err. . To confess liability to error and at the same time to claim to be tanght by the spirit of truth, would be the sheerest blasphemy." " Well," said Ada, " I did not know the texts which you have just quoted.. I don't mean that I never heard of them, but I had not attended to them particularly. Still I have always thought that Roman Catholics did not believe in the Bible. And after all, Mrs. Pawcett, they cannot be right in honoring the Virgin as they do." (To be continued). 