grazia's mistake, gt Mrs Geoeoib Sheldon. CHAPTER X. viULV AND GHAZIA RECEIVE AN invitation " TO GO YACHTING-. ..Tom afraid she will weary you," Mr Vontnor remarked, as he gazed fondly down upon tbe beautiful sleeping child." « lf you could slip her over into my lap it would relieve to? of a tiresome burden .No " said Grazis. flushing beneath his anxious " sbe ,w0"jld ,be. ? a , -3 r <uinV a nirf» nan is inBc what A 'needs. If her face could be shaded from the light, which is getting very strong. I think she would be more com- ''aV1 that is well thought of, and re minds me that I have left a nice umbrella bv the wall where I was gathering roses. Excuse mc a few moments and I will soon ba bsck with a shelter for Miss Edith and her kind protectress," Mr Ventnor re turned, as he arose and sped back over the way he had come but a little while before He was not g me long, and, upon his re- tcrn took up his position where he could shade both Grazia and the sleeping child. Then, during the hour that followed, Giazia forgot the sense of loneliness and desolation that bad oppressed her in the morning, forgot the lapse of time, the bnrden upon her lap, earth, sea, and sky— everything but that luminous face beside her the g"rave, rich tones that flowed over his' lips, m sveet rhythmic harmony, to crystallise into wards oE wisdom, brillian 1 sentences, and spaikling wit, end to be cherished like jewels within the secret rec-sres of her heart. When little Edith finally awske, instead of a brief acquaintance of an hour, they both felt each of'-cr. -v .. a bit the worsa ! : Jited a quick, questioning look to him. " Do you believe in a literal ' baud of Provi ienc-i ?' " Bhe aBhed. "Perhaps not a literal 'band,'" he re turned, smiling slightly, " bub 1 certainly believe in an Overruling Power — in the lovo and care of an all-wise Father, who guards and watches over the beings he has created ; do you not ?" " I used to," said Grazis, a flush tinging her cheek as Bhe thus gave voice for the first time to the doubts that had been contending in .her mind. " And why not now ?" wa3 the grave gentle query of her companion. " Because, if such a hand was ever out stretched to guide my life, I lost my hold upon it — or, it lost its hold upon me, and left me to drift to a desert coast, to be smitten, eppressed, and spiritually starved," responded Grazis, with a note of passionate pain in her voice. ' You !" said Mr Ventnor, in a tone of surprise. " T am afraid you count your trials and forget to number your blessings, Miss King ; for, when I saw you last night, so bright, so talented, and so carefully attended by your friend, you certainly seemsd to be very far from being ' smitten and oppressed and now my morning chat with joa lias given me the impression that you ate anything bat ' spiritually starved ' Are you sure you are not regarding life with a distorted vision ?" he concluded, gently. The man's words were a sudden revela tion to Grazia, and she was instantly conscious stricken with them. Surely she had been ' couatiag her trials and forgetting to number her bless ings,' in her fierce rebellion againet the ruin of ber hopes, which, now she could realise, had been only the result of her own rashness r.nd wioag-doing. Her father had wanted her to accompany him apd his wife upon their trip <o Wash ington, out fhe had refused to do so, be cause she could not hear tbe thought of being separated from her lover, even for one short week. But had she acceded to his wish, she could now see, Ehe might even then have been a happy care-free girl in her own home. She would not have been tempted to deceive her parent?, and would not have been irrevocably bound to a man whom sbe now . utterly loathed, and that dreadful tragedy "would, in all probability, never have occurred. And yet, leaviiig all this out of tbe question, in view of all ber sorrow, even if it had been brought about through no fault of hers, she felt that she bad not been just ; for had not the band of a kind Providence bsen stretched out to ber through Paula Nelson P Tears xushed unbidden to ber eyes and her lip3 grew tremulous with remorse. " i had not thought of it in that light before; but I am afraid that I am," she answered, with a sigh. A. very tender expression swept over ber companion's face at the self-reproachful admission. He made no reply to it. however, but. stooping down, tied Edith s hat upon her sunny bead as carefully aa ber mother would hive done. "Come, now, Mies Ventnor," he re marked, with a smile, as be stosb and took her plump band in hi;, " we must go home to y.inr mamma and tell her what your ' angel ' has done for you 1 o day." _ He Bhot a merry glanc9 at Grazia as he spoke, then gathering Dp her robe and cushions in hiB disengaged hand, and led the way up the path toward the road. He walked over with her to Miss Nelson's cottage, where be deposited his but den upon the verandah, and was about to take leave of Grazia, when Paula came around the house and espi?d them. She greeted Mr Ventnor very cordially, and laughingly chided Grazia for leaving her alone all the morning, then invited them all to have seats upon the verandah. £Jr Ventnor was nothing loth, and, swinging Eiith lightly into a hammock near bim, be st down and chatted with the hdiee for another half hour. When he at last arose "to take his leave, he had arranged for them to 3 "in a yacht ing party who were going for a cruise of several days in the harbor. " We shall go aboard the NuuUiua to morrow evening at sundown, boos to be ready for an early start the following morning" be explained, adding that he would send a carriage for Miss Nelson and Miss King at six o'clock. Then bidding them a genial good- morn ing, he took his little niece by the band Sod went away. " He is the finest specimen of manhood that 1 have eeen fur a long tame," Paula, remarked, breaking in upon a long silence that had followed Iho departure of their : guests. " Don't you think bo, Grazia ?" " Ye-os," responded Grazia, dreamily. Sfcfe wae lying in the hammock that Edith b.d vacated a few momentffpraviouB. her oyer fixed upon the sea, a tender ex pression about .her beautiful mouth. Paula smiled, nodded her head wisely two or three times, find then resumed ber hook, which absorbsu her attention until tie lunch bell rang. _ t After the meal was over Grazis ples- Sd weariness and retired to her own room. " Oh ! I am almost sorry that I promised to go with the yachting parly !" she cried, a look of perplexity upon her young face, d then she suddenly fell to sobbing with .an abandonment which betrayed that her ''Soul as moved to its very depths. She had been thinking of her recent conversation with Raymond Ventnor, ever since her return, and how ho bad swayed her very soul with his eloquence, and a certain influence which she oould feel but -eould not analyse. " Oh I if 1 could only wake up Bid find the last twe. years of my life a dream ! If , undo that one act that has entitled so much misery upon me 1" she wailed. 1 She sprang to her feet and paced her roomband forth with a nervous step. " There iB no future for me !" Bhe con- ,Ufid» ars falling like rain from her pale face, " no love, no home, no fireside, with little ones playing around me; no outlook whatever but to go on as I am, hiding myself under a false name, and liviog in constant fear least Bome breath of scandal should overtake me, reveal my identify and the imposture I am practising upon the society in which I am moving. What wonld those high-toned Ventnors say — what would Raymond Ventnor himself say — iE he should learn that Miss King,' to whom ho: is pleased to be so kind, is Grazia Kingsley, who lately figured so conspicuously in a criminal court?— who is also the unacknowledged wife of one of the most contemptible cowards who walks the earth. " But why should I care what he thinks P" she cried, almost fiercely, after a few moments of silent reflection, while she pron ily threw back her head and assumed a defiant air. "Why should either his good or ill opinion Aoncern me ? Because he is the grandest man X have ever -seen — he is a man possessing an honest soul ; because — " -A burning blush mouuted to her fore head as she thus abruptly ceaaed,- and Bhe dropped ber face upon ber bands with a cry of keenest pain. Ah 1 could I not have been spared this — the bitterest drop in my cup of woe !" she sobbed. " If be- could know, would he say that I am 'regarding life with distorted vision ' when 1 rebel against the fite> that has driven me to this F A. !«<\- 1 alone! always alcse! vn-i -- J.ikG j lava: ; my lirsis TAarre atxil ruined ia rl-r hyrvnr I; . v«as lU.r> " rjaaefu. 1 a to '-sisi ii.-- -k?. to. . that- csrH. crc„t.sd in-. 1 W-.,.' a i" b«.; j it! I ca-UKOf- eadus :« to he ncd? s h,i-v ?:' >: iivo and y-j: sot- \- ' --riu-JV Ue juyseh. ! , . . where can one find tue overruling Power, the love and cara of an all-wise Father for the wretched being whom he has created, with this hopeless yearning that can never be satisfied Every moment her grief grew wilder, her heart more rebellious over tbis rude awakening, after the comparative calm she had spent with Paula. "Oh! if 1 oould die and be forever at peace ! What ie the use of liviug Buch a double life? ! ami "of. no earthly use in the world j I can never be Grszia Kingsley again; I can nfv?r prove that I am inno cent of that dreadful deed; I can never free myself from the tie that binds m9 to that heartless man ! A dead wall looms up before me, and beyond it I cannot She was finally exhausted with her wild grief, aud throwing herself upon her bed she fell asleep, and did not wake until Paula came to tell her that dinner was ready. But she felt too HI to rise, and begged that she might be allowed to lie BtiU until morning, when she hoped to bB better. Having slept so much during tbe after noon, however, tbe drowsy god refused to lull ber to forgetf ulness very readily again, and sbe lay awake for along time listen ing to tbe beating of the waves upon the Better thoughts came to her through these long eilent hours, and a simple message also, which it almost seemed as if an angel had whispered in her ears to c&ltn; her tronbled heart: "Take no thought for the morrow, for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself." With these comforting words repeating themselves in her mind she finally ceased toba troubled, and knew nothing more until she awoke the next morning, and found the sun shining brightly in at her window. , „ The evil spirit of the day seemed to be exorcised for tbe time, tbougb Paula observed that she was graver and quieter than usual as sh9 busied herself about their preparations for their cruise with the Ventnors. In the midst of this an elegant carriage drove to the door, and Mrs Charles Ventnor alighted. She came eagerly up to the door, rang and inquired for Miss Nelson and Miss King. She was ushered into Paula's pretty parlor, and there both girls went to greet her. She impulsively seized Grazia by both hands when thebsautiful girl went forward to meet ber. " But for you I should now be childless, or, perhaps, the mother of a helpless cripple," she said, with tears brimming her eyea. "No words cm voice mj gratitude, but I shall love you always ; 1 could not Btay away — I had to come and let my mother-hevrt speak," she con cluded, opologelicaUy, but with a tremulous smile. "I am afraid you overestimate my agency in tbe matter," Grszia md-stly replied, " but I am very glad I happened to be just where I was at the critical moment. I hope Edith is none the worse for ber fright and flying leap." "No, indeed; she is well and merry, and happy as can bs ; she is always that if sbe can be with her Uncle Ray," Mrs Veninor returned, with a little laugh. "It is tbe strangest thing in tbe world," she vent on, "but those two are almost inseparable when my brother is at bome. One would think that the child belonged to him rather than to her father, by the influence he has over her. Uncle Ray. is her oracle— her ideal of all that is perfect and good in the world, while to him ehe i; the apple of hi? eye." It was evident from the affectionate inflection with which Mrs Oharles Ventnor gave utterance to the words "my brother'- that she shaied her daughter's feelings to- a great extent, and Paula thought that Mr Raymond Ventnor might possibly be tbe " oracle " of the family. The conversation thus drifted to other channels, and after a charming call Mis Ventnor arose to go. - "My brother Bays that you will go yachting with us," she remarked, with gracious cordiality. "I am very glad, for it will make a pleasant addition to our party. Are you both good sailors P " ehe inquired, with a significant Emile. « Yea, fortunately, we both love the sea, and feel perfectly at home upon it," Paula replied. , , " WeU, then, you will be sure to have a good time, for Ray is the prince of boats— the' Nautilus belongs to him— and can plan to entertain a party better than any society woman of my acquaintance. We shall spend one night at Newport, so take along some pretty dresses. But I must run away now," Mrs Ventnor added, moving toward the door, " for I have much to do yet. T will only say au revoir, as I shall Eee you so soon again-" Another moment ehe wssiatee carnage, nodding and smiling a.3 she drove away, while Paula and Grazia felt as if a sunbeam had suddenly tatenwingaand flown away. » Ibat ip a most delightful family, if one can fudge upon so short an acquain tance," Paula remarked, ae Bhe and Grazia went back to their packing. ' If the remainder of the company prove to be as congenial, I think we shall enjoy our Imp VeIytTxV0lcSk that evening Mr Raymond Ventnor's guests were all aboard the Nautilus, a beautiful and capacious stsam- yacbt, with a capacity for accommodating sixteen bssides the crew, and bright little company of eight gentlemen and ss many ladies it proved to be. Dinner was served at seven, and taen limy all gathered upon deck for a twilignt promenade and a social chat before going to their berthB for the night. ' There were four dainty little M»I»' recms, as completely and luxuriously furnished as any one could d«3ire, leading off from the saloon, and these were devoted to the ladies, while tho gentlemen shared the lees commodious, but not leas elegaut, state-rooms aft. The water in the harbor was like a eea of glass, reflecting tbe dull red glow that BtiU lingered in the western eky ; and when, one by one, the lights of the town along the shore were kindled, and the lanterns were displayed upon the hundreds of vessels lying about them, when the stars came out and were multiplied in the shining depths below, and when finally the £uH moon came sailing up over the eastern horizon, it was Hke an enchanted scene. So thought Grazia, as she stole quietly away from the oompany to tho prow of the yacht to enjoy, all by herself, and with a thrill of delight, thie unusual experience. It was very quiet all about them, so quiet that Grazia could almost hear con versation on shore, and the stillness seemed eolemn to her. It impresse i her so that the striking of two bells, for nine o'clock, upon the various vessels in the harbor seemed like a call to prayer — like tbe Angelas beU, of which sbe bad so often heard; and insti actively she bowed her bead with reverence in response to it. _ " Nine o'clock, and all is well," said a rich_ though quiet voice beside her, and looking np Graeia saw Mr Raymond Ventnor, not a foot away, leaning against the deok rail. \- 0HAPTEB XI. mr. vbntnob's pasty attends a dance at newport. "I trust yoa do n v.! i;?vrgo:i insly, "'i'— R ag, or hem-rick- ic ieai the solid earib nr.day yjcr ?«et " V: > V'tiTU n :-r reaiaisid, ia a o.'.clofiiijr it-r.c, as h-:. iircw a stea newer bis fair ;Tuwt. " i-n'r-or." Grszia btigh'.ly lets; Med, bat wondering again orsr his sligut neici c her >r us 3i "I simply bids i.v.iy V. f : -bire -n: rssgiu scsue. suo -l.e s.?;r.ass tsiiiS pe.-vjaw ewzy- tosr-gi 'Y-.si -- in it, and T rir-u come here, alone, just to watch the lights appear and hear the musical c'r.ime of bells, as tbey toll the passing hours," tbe gentleman responded, with a thrill of feeling in his tones, for he recognised a congenial spirit in thiB fair girl who so ap preciated the beauty - around that she would leave a gay company to enjoy it. " Do you love the water, Mis3 King ? " he inquired after a moment of silence. " Very much — especially the ocean," said GrAzia. "There is something so limitless, so sublime and majestic about it, that it excites a feeling of admiring awe within me." "Ton and I are in sympathy, then, for the sea has always affected me in that way," Mr - Baymond remarked, in a low, musical voice. " Byron has aptly described it as — " Boundless, cndle3s, and sublime The image of Eternity — the throne Of the invisible ! " " It makes me think of tbe human soul," Grazia murmured, in a thoughtful tone, with hor eyes fixed upon the shimmeriug waves that marked the psth of the moon, as it sailed upward in the vault above them. " In what way ? " questioned her com panion, as he bent down to study the fair, uplifted face beside him. " It is so deep, mysterious, unfathom able," said tbe girl, with a sigh. " Look ! where tbe light of tbe moon strikes the water ! Ie it not beautiful ? It makes me almost feel as if, through some rift in the veil that separates U3 from heaven, some thing of celestial glory is shining. But who can tell what dread secrets lie con cealed beneath the shining surface ! what death and destruction F what brave hearts may have gone down to 'their doom/with moans of pain and prayers for help, in that very spot." Grazia's voice was full of pain as she concluded, and Raymond Ventnor yearned, with a . mighty longing, to Epeak some word3 of comfort to the heart which he knew from her conversation must be tossed and torn with some secret grief which never allowed it to be at peace. " I am sure, Mies King, that yon have known some great sorrow," he remarked after a moment of reflection, "or you would not always be shading your pictures with such mournful comparisons. A s ycu have said, the eea is like a human scul, in some respects ; it is deep, mysterious, unfathom able ; in other reelects it is not like it, for when its surface is lashed to fury, by the tempests that sweep over it, there ie always peace and quiet iu the depths beneath; for a mighty power controls it. That, .to me, is symbolical of the soul, which, in spite of the griefs aud trials that coma to it, can rest secure in the hollow of the hand that never makes a mistake." ' Two great tears rolled over Grazia's cheeks and fell in glistening beads, like ao many diamonds, upon the railings, u3 her companion concluded. "Oh!" Bhe exclsimed with a catch in her breath that was almost like a sob, "you cannot have suffered as — as some have suffered, or you could not feel like that." " Miss King," said Raymond Ventnor, in a voice that wsb vibrant with deep feeling, " eight years of my life were spent upon a bed cf Daia — eierht lonsr. wearv vears. during- the most of which I expected that I.muit be a cripple all my life. I had scarcely recovered my health, and begun to look forward to a life of usefulness, when my mother was killed, before my eyes, by being thrown from her carriage in front of a passing locomotive. The five years following were lived under the ban of a dishonorable name " \- " Oh ! " breathed Grazia, shrinking as from a blow. " My father's partner forged for a heavy amount, but. so covered his .wrong-doing that my father, a Ventnor, who-e name for many generations had never been sullied b r as much as a breath, was made to expiate his crime. The truth prevailed in tho end, however, aud at the end of five years the wronged man was released and exonerated before the whole world. Surely, my friend, you cannot now say that I have not suffered." \- "No, no ; pray forgive me for my thoughtless speech," regretfully pleaded Grazia. " Nay, do not reproach yourself," gently returned Raymond Ventnor. " I am glad to have told you. this, for sorrow makes ns all akin, and I wonld not have y -u deem me unsympathetic. But, Mis3 King, did you never think that there is a purpose in pain F " " What purpose P " questioned Grszia. "The same purpose that a sculptor has in using a hammer and a chisel upon a piece of rough marble — to develop: tbe oeautif ul and perfect form tbat lies bidden within it ; the same purpose that the wise gardener has when, with an apparently ruthless hand, he pruneB the vine of half its life and beauty to make it produce larger aud richer fruit." Grazia sighed heavily. She wondered what purpose there could have been in the suffering she had endured — what possible good could coma of the network of troubles aud trials that bad entangled ber, tying her hands and de priving her of even her identity. She wondered what fmit she could bear, fettered as sbe was, and obliged to hide from all the world. " But I am afraid we have chosen a very depressing topic," Mr Ventnor continued, in a lighter tone. " I want you to have only pleasant thoughts and experiences while you are my guest ; but some time I would like to drive a little deeper into this subject with you, if you wiU give me the privilege." "I shall be very glad to do so/ Grazia replied, "for you always give mo something tothinkof." . , " Think you, her companion heartily returned, then added i "Now will you let me take yoa down to the saloon? I see most of our friends have disappeared, aud we were planning to have a little music before we retire for the night/' He offered her his arm ob he spoke, aud - as ehe took it Grszia was conscious of the. same thrill tingling through hor yiena as; ehe had experienced upon their first- meeting. The company passed au hour very de lightfully with music and social intercourse, = and then retired, with the 'expectation of. awakening to find them3elves far out upon the briny deep, for tba tide would turn very early in tbe morning, which was all the; captain was waiting for. Grazia felt a desire to see the beautiful vessel leave port, and so secretly resolved to rise iu season to do so. . Accoidingly tbe first tender glow of sunrise was flushing tbe eastern horizon when, enveloped in a warm ulster, with a soft gray felt hat securely pinned to -her. head, the fair girl stole softly upon deck- and found that she was only just in time, for the steam was up aud two sailors were on the point of hauling in the anchor, while others were unfurling to the morning breeze tbe white wings that woro-to help waft them over the sea. v ? She would not have missed the sight for anything, for, just as the sun lifted his glowing face above the far off line, the graceful vessel began to move like a majestic bird out from tbe harbor, toward the wide expanse of water bayondl There was something very exhilarating in the scene, in the crisp morning breeze that was blowing from the north-west, ia the cloudless sky and briUiant sunshine, that made Grazia's eyes gleam and her cheeks flush with delightful anticipation. She siood in the prow of the boat, as she had done the night before, and she was so absorbed iu what was going on about ber that she did not realise the presence of any one else, until a voice, which of late bad begun to thrill ber strangely, remarked in a cheery tone, just behind her : " Good-morning," ii iaa King. I am cure the Nautilus is honored by the interest you have shown in her movements." Grszia turned quickly, and found Ray mond Ventnor smiling down npon her, a look of undisguised pleasure in his ex pressive eyes. He wore a heavy reefer that was buttoned close to bis chin and showed his fine form to the best advantage, while the visorlesB c ip upon his head gave him quite a boyish look. " And so you sacrificed your morning nap for the sake of seeing my bird spread her wings," he added, while his color deepened slightly as he noted the bluBh which his Baluaiion had csUed up to Grazia's cheeks." " It was no sacrifice I assure yon," she said, her eyes sparkling with animation, " I wanted to see the start, and I have enjoyed it immensely. I never saw a more beautiful sunrise in my life." Yes, a sunrise at sea is something worth contemplating, and a whiff of such air as tbis is better than any tonic for the appetite. I always walk the deck a half- hour before breakfast; will you join me ? " and be held out his hand to her with a friendly air and smile that made her pulses throb more quickly than was their wont. She frankly laid hers within it, when he Blipped it upon his arm, and together they paced back and forth the length of the vessel, and chatted socially until other members of their party began to join them. Grszia found that, in epite of his dignified bearing and the serious moods he had hitherto shown her, Raymond Ventnor cculd be as merry aud j dly as a boy ; tbat, wbHo ho neglected nothing sis a boat, forgetting not the smallest- detail that cculd contribute to the comfort of his guests, ho knew how to enjoy himself thoroughly, thus becomiog the life of the party, arid so contributing greatly to the pleasure of others. Among Mr Ventnor's guests there were a Mr and Mrs Macomb sr, and their daughter, Mies Marie Hacomber, a hand some girl of twenty-one, who appeared to be a great favorite with the party. She was a gay, brilliant, witty, aud evidently a thorough Bociety girl, fc-r she was perfectly at home with every one, and could simultaneous! y enter tain any number of people with the moEt perfect composure. But" when Grazia had been introduced to her, she impressed her a3 being cold and devoid of any real sympathy with her own sex. She had looked Grazia over, from head to foot, with one sweep of her passionlesE eyes ; measured her, as she told Paula in speaking of it afterward, mentally, morally, and physically, noting even the fit of her dress, the style of her hat, the make of hor bootR and gloves. Then she had turned calmly away and resumed her conversation with a gentle man, which the introduction had for a moment interrupted, ignoring her utterly during the remainder of the evening. But the next morning when she made her appearance up in deck and saw Bay mond Ventnor promenading with Miss King upon hie arm, when she noticed the admiring look in hie eye as it rested npon the fair f ace c f the girl , his eager, animate 3 manner in conversing with her, Ehe suddenly changed her tactics, and, the moment Grszia wae at liberty, approached her in the most friendly way, and (xerted herself to be agreeable to ber. Sho attached herself to the two girls after that, while Paula often noticed that she appeared to ba studying Grazia, with a perplexed, mtent look, as if she were trying to solve some intricate question. "Taat girl ie a bom mischief-maker, and woe to any one who happens to stand in the way of her ambition," Paula murmured to herself, after watching her for a while. " I only hope that my gentle Grace will not interfere with her designs." She tried not to be unjust, but it made her very uneasy to see Miss Mscomber hovering' about her friend aU that day, and to observe how she watched every act and look whenever Mr Ventnor approached Grszia, which he often did, and took no pains to conceal hie enjoyment of her society. The young man's plan was to sail direct for Newport, where he proposed to spend one night, and attend. a grand baU at the Casino, for which he had procured tickets mere than a week in advance. The Nautilus arrived in port about noon -of the second day ont, and, after lunch, carriages were provided, and the party took a long drive about the city, returning to the yacht in time for . dinner. -The gentlemen surrendered the saloon to the ladies to make their preparations for the evening, while they smoked their after-dinner cigars upon the deckhand the next hour below was one of flattering ex citement among the fair sex. It was a very brilliant party that left the Nautilus a little after nine o'clock for the Casino, but the fairest among them all, in Raymond's eyes, at least, was the lovely girl in whom ho was every hour becoming more deeply interested. She was clad to-night in a blue silk of a very delicate shade, with beautiful orna ments of exquisitely carved pink coral upon her neck, arms, and amid th9 waves of her rich dark hair. The co3tum9 was vastly becoming to her rare, almost faultless com plexion ! but her chief charm lay in her utter unconsciouneas of her own beauty — iu the perfect naturalness of her manner and bearing. ' Do you dance, Miss King ?" Mr Vent nor inquired, in a low tone, as he was assisting her to alight from the tcarriage upon reaching the Casino. J ; " Tes, I used to," Bhe returned, with a little eigh. " Then let me have the first one with you to- night, will you ?" he asked/ with a little eager pressure of the hands he was holding. " With pleasure," she replied, her heart bounding into her throat at his manner, word3 and tone. The words were scarcely uttered, how ever, before she was sorry sho had not excused herself from dancing at all. " Suoh pleasures are not for me, and— I must not let myself learn to love him," she murmured to herself, as she fellowf ci tho. party into the dreeaing-rcom. ' Then a terrible shook went through hei as/ like a Sa9li of lightning, a revelation camo to her. . ." Ah 1 it is too late to think of that now," her white lips muttered, as she.: blindly groped her way into tbe corner and sat down—" too late, too late ! for I love bias already with my whole heart. I, Grazia Kingsley— the wife oE another man — love, adore Raymond Ventnor. Oh I tho Bhame of it! the sin of it ! . Where now is the guiding Hand that ' makes no mistakes.' " She was almost benumbed by the con flict of emotion that raged within her upon this unlocked for discovery, and ehe sat there, wretched and helpless, in her wraps, until Paula found her. " Why, Grace !" she exclaimed, "why; have you not taken off your things ? You will be late for the opening number. Are you ill P" she added, as she caught' sight of the girl's colorless face; "you are as white as a snow-flake." : "No, I am not ill," Grazia replied, as she started nervously to her feot, deter mined that no one would discover her shameful oocret. She would guard it most sacredly— she would play her part for .the next two days with what skill she could, then, she told herself, she wonld never meet .Raymond Ventnor again if ehe could prevent it. She must nip this new passion in the bnd, she must not feed it with eo much as a look at that dear, noble face, or by listen ing to that rich, musical voice. , Paula helped her off with her wrapB, watching her covertly aU tho time, and wondering what could have happened to drive from her face all the eager bright ness tbat had been there, when they , left the Nautilus " You must do something to tboBe. pale cheeks ; you cannot go into the ball-room looking so like a ghost," Paula remarked, with real concern upon seeing that Bhe seemed evon more haggard and wretched after removing her outer garments. " Ah ! " Bhe added, " here comes Mr Ventnor, looking for ns. I will ask him to get you something to take " "Not for the world/Paula dear," oried Grazia, grasping her almost rudely by the arm. Then, as Mr Ventnor caught sight of her, and nodded and smiled, a great wave of color dyed the girl's face crimson, and Aliss Nelson was more puzzled than before. Grszia had bent over her hand to button her glove and to bide ber embarrassment, and when this was done ehe recovered soim-thing cf her usual composure. She concealed her aching heart with a smiling c-xserior as she went forward to meet him. " I have brought your programme," he said, as ho handed it to her, ' and may I beg tbat you will write my name against some of the numbers before we go into the hall? Then I shall be euro of them- otherwise 1 might not be," he concluded, in a tone intended only for her, and with a low, musical laugh. Grazia took the card and looked it over, simply to gain time and think what wsb best to do. Suddenly a little defiant light leaped into her eyes. "I am here; I am hedged absut; I cannot help myself," sho mused ; " I might at well enjoy myself and make the most of the few hours that remain to mo, before I try to crush out forever this Lopelesa passion. I wHl put the past behind me for to-night, I wiU be a gay and happy girl once more." She gave her head a little resolute toss as she arrived at this conclusion, then, look is g up into Mr Ventnor's face with a smile that made his heart bound with a wild, sweet hope, she put the card back into his hand and murmured — " You skull write your own name wher ever you choose." (To le Continued ) 