NOTES OP THE DAY. (BY OUTIS.) One of the things not easily understood is tho desire of anarchists to destroy dining- rooms and kill diners. They seem eternally hankering, in Paris especially, to rend limb from limb the habituds of restaurants and cafes, and to disperse skyward all manner of viands. Perhaps the basic principle of this lino of conduct, if it has one, is the idea of making it a caution to persons who eat while others go hungry and unheeded. If so the Avengers have been after small game indeed, shadowing the cheap eating-houses while Baron de Hirsuh's diningroom was unatternpted. The other day that nobleman entertained a party of gentlemen with a stake in the country — in most countries under the sun, probably, since they were all millionaires— to the number of 60. They just had a little chatty dinner which ran into £1200 for the lot, or a matter of £20 per mil lionaire. That was surely a unique oppor tunity for explosive protest against tho con sumption of food, but instead of rising to the occasion, they seem to have been busy shadowing tho cheap eating-house, aim lessly carrying bombs around through the main streets in their tail-pockets, or pro ducing iron shells in crowded omnibuses, and explaining how they are made and where you can get them wholesalo in Enirland. There was, perhaps, never before in the known history of mankind, such a gathering as sat at Baron de Hirsch's table. An equal asscmblago of kings, emperors, princes, lords, and tribute-takers by right of con quest, might have been got around a table, worth over £60,000,000 sterling in the aggregate, buteven then a good many of them would not have come up to the average. Presumably do Hirsch didn't have the knees of anybody below his mahogany — if mahogany was not too common for such an occasion — who was other than a full- fledged millionaire, and it is likely enough that some of them would cut up for several millions. And for every one of the 60 who negotiated that 20, sovereign feed there could be found among the civilised countries out of which their colossal incomes arc drawn a whole million of human beings who never had a fair swig of goldtop in their lives. More than that, there could be found half as many, to put the estimate very low, who. don't get quite enough to eat, who go imperfectly clothed, live in narrow, unwholesome dens, break their spirits working for bare life, and wear out their hearts thinking always of to morrow when work may not he found. Anarchy, and all such mad methods of pro test against misery, are equally criminal and hopeless. But in a world where a few gentlemen eat and drink enough in an hour to feed a whole family of those who starve for half a year, there is something that wants remedying by rational means. And the stallfcd, with the excep tion probably in this case of their iiosc, no is nuinnnc uon i (joiner LimiKing about these things while the hungry and miserable mostly liavo never learned to think. They just feel, and try to blindly hit back — hence Anarchy. Tho speech delivered by Mr. Hurley at Lithgow on Monday furnishes a sad example of a freetrader going over to tho great minority. No other instance of the kind is visible to the naked eye anywhere just now. They are all the other way. The Premier wishes people to let bygones be bygones, and ask him something easy about stable Government instead of keeping up that old cry about developing the resources of this great country. Mr. Copeland asks Armi- dalo to give it a rest, and be satisfied with tho status quo. The Victorian Premier goes through the land as a penitent rcstrictionist, flailing the blatant heresies of the Cobden Club about your imports being really a re payment in goods for the exported products of your own labor. The Victorian Commis sioner for Works paralyses the community by causing tho oflicial publication and dis semination of a pamphlet which demon strates that protection is a whited sepulchre in a valley. The Victorian fanners and pas- loralists have formally, through their repre sentative organisation, asked Mr. Patterson to whisper to our Sir George that they'll give up the stock tax if he will knock off the grain duties. The Victorian clothiers say they owe their ruin to protection, and the shipping and wharf laboring curse Sir Graham Berry and all his works. It is interesting, therefore, at this juncture to find one man who is turning from free- trade, and Mr. Hurley liiis the bill. The last ! time he was elected for Hartley It was as a straight and courageous opponent of protec tion, root and branch. He did'nt flop down in front of the shale works, or duck himself before the pottery, or unbend to the foundry but let all these interests know that, if they couldn't hold their own end up in the battle of life, like the bricklayer, the blacksmith, or the butcher, they could, like each of these, do the other thing, so far as the public purse was concerned. Now Mr. Hurley, who claims that he is still a free trader just as Mr. Patterson declares that lie is still a protectionist, says lie would "give his strong approval to a bonus, or stretch his conscience to get a contract for tho local ironworks, condi- tionally on their developing tho ores of the country." Mr. Lyne could do no moro than that, but lie could as much consistently with Ids acknowledged fiscal creed, which Mr. Hurley can't. Why should not Mr, Hurley also start in to secure a contract for the man who chops into marketable form the native gum trees of the country, or vote for a bonus to the man who bakes native clay into bricks? That wouldn't ho a much more severe piece of conscience- stretching for a good freetrader to catch protection votes with. In tho outlying parts of BaUi the presence of the police who are charged with deliver ing electors' rights is regarded by the resi dents with suspicion. They keep out of the way deliberately, it is stated, be lieving that they are wanted for something else. Some 300 rights have uot yet been de livered, although an extension of time to fulfil the labor conditions has been granted to the police. Some of those who have suc cessfully evaded receipt of their title to free and independent electorship) have gone of! to the gold rushes, but a lot seem to have taken to tho bush through sheer terror, climbed trees, or got away in cracks between the rocks until the coast was clear. In the Molong district a less spineless class of electors generally has been met with. At Cudal, for instance, some of the sturdy yeomanry scorned to use their legs. They stayed at home and defied the police to serve the papers upon them, and refused to put their names to any document or incrimi nate themselves by giving reasons or holding lengthy conversations. They stood on their right to be lot alone, and it had to bo respected. Surely it labor to invest reluctant people with the voting right, may themselves wish in vain for a chance to have it, and make uso of 'papers which caunot be given away. The purchaser of Cuninor Place from the Karl of Abingdon wants his money back. He believed it to he the spot where Amy Ttob?art was murdered, and to be haunted by her ghost, but there seems to he some thing wrong somewhere. Tho new proprie tor hasn't seen supernatural things or had a genuine thrill since lie lias been in the place, and he isn't going to bo fooled. This will he a very interesting ea.se, and one of some consequence to the hereditary land owners of Kngland. Most of their proper ties have historic gliosis hanging about pome of the rooms, ami it will be a serious matter if on selling they have to prove delivery of these along with t lie other fixtures— or movables, whichever head they would come under. If the aggrieved buyer has got the genuine (Jumnor-hall he in entitled to poor Amy's ghost all night. In William M inkle's celebrated poem on tho subject this appari tion is declared to be there always ; bo, if she isn't it must by souid kind of a put-up job. 