Home Gossip. . The following itoniB aro clipuod from » gossiping London lebtor put\ished in Thursday's Sydnoy Evening News :— 'Lord Crewe|ia dead. Everybody know ho waa a mild lunatic ; but ho had £35,000 a year and plenty of people to mind him, so ho degenerated into 'so eccentric, poor dear.' When quite young his nervous .system rocoived a terriblo shock by hit tutor committing suicide in his presence, mm which he nuver nnfcirnlw rnmiv«rnrl . Ho always woro hia clothes of the cut, and color, thnt waa fashionable- in his youth, nnd wortfc evorywhoro with throe orchids caroloBsly nrrnngod in tho samo number of buttonholes. Ono of hi3 poculinrities was to talk to himaolf nloud nbout the people ho wna with, uud this wns aomotimea very em bnrraaaing. On one occaaion the late Mr. Sponcor Lyttolton ridiculod this failing while nt tublo, wheroupon Lord Ciewo (who novor pormittod anybody to tnko a liberty with him) quietly ordorod a fly for hia guest, and fiixilly requested him to lenvo tho Iiouho. Ono of his pot aversions wna tho arrival of auy relatives or visitors by the oxpross trnins which roach Crewe in the middle of tho nighb. The only except ion ho wns evor known to mnlio was in fnvor of his favorite nephow, Lord Hough ton, for whom ho always ontortainod hho warmest a (lection. It is supposed ho has mudo Lord lioughton hia heir. If so, thia will convert tho Viceroy of Ireland from a comparatively poor man into a rioh ono. ? Lord Crewo was insatiable in his desire to attend public moetings of nil kinds. But ho never spoko, and generally arrived on tho evening after or before that for whioh ho had beon invitod. Whon Crewe Hall waa burnt down some years since ho ex hibited a coolness of quibo tho bluest Diooaoa Kina. no sent tor a torm nnd telegraphed tho following mesaago to Mr. Street, R.A. : ' Doar Street, Crewo is ' burning. Come and build it up ngain.' 'The Old Jew' at tho Gnrrick is mak ing a sonsation, and tho author, Mr. Grundy, is renping hia rewnrd— he ia boing royally abused all round, In tho play thera is u scene, 'Tho Moonlight Club.' In ths olub are a numbor of pressmen. Enter millionaire, who incontinently buys them all up without difUculty. This implied charge of vonulity haa roused tho wrath of all tho newspaper mon. Fancy, oven Edward Yntes and Henry Lnbouchera bury their uncionb difference?, and' unite in donounolng tho bad tnsto of the thing. Mr. Yatea writes a long letter ' from Cannes, and oantigatos both nut.hor and ' ninnugor. 'At Aldorshob thoro is a ripple of sub« duod laughter— nob to any a giggle— all along the liue. Hia Royal Highness tho Duke of Coiinaughb has iaauod an order aa to how tho men should nrruugo their boot laces I He dooa not approve them being crossed. 'Here ,is a good story of the Bishop 'ot Peterborough. Happening to pny a visit to a celebrated country house the Bishop wna offered the use of the haunted room. Not being afraid of ghosta he acoopted this without demur. Upon tho following morning, at breakfast, it was noticed that tho Bishop looked solemn, and ho wai bheroforo naturally aakod if a ghost had appeared to him. ' Ye.i,' fluid the Bishop. ' What did he say to you V was tho next question. 'Oh, I spoke to it first.' ' Really I What did you say T ' I aaked it to subaoribo to my new Cathedral.' ' And what did the ghost any 1' ' Nothing ; it disappeared ab onoe.' ? 