Wkllinuton. SKrTJtMnnn 10. Tho Gaming Bill, recently agroud to by both Houses of the LoglHlaturo, received Lord Ulaugow'u signature on Monday last, und yunturday suvon ' toto ' shops — whoro totall«iitur odds woro laid up to a limit of X'15— wore uloaod. Puntura to-day— tho Anh burton mooting beiuir ou — will havo to find soiiio otbor nay of doing business. Tho Timaru-South Cantorbuiy Jockoy Club mooting was brought to a aonnlusion on Friday last, 1-itb inst. Tbo Toko.i gold ing Clarence, Hat 121b, traiuod from head (|iiarturs (Ricoarton) won thu Hnrdlo Raoo, hut tbo stotvardu considered his form bo dif ferent to tbu previous day, wliuu ho ran last, that tbo Htakgs woro awarded to Thorpe Oil 21b (by Lcob), ridden by Walls. T. Stuwart, iidur and trainer of Ciuruuco, was suspondud for tivu inoutliK. Both Ciuruuco aud Thorpe nro owned by Mr. J. A. Holmes. Clarence and Thorpe havo boeu withdrawn from all ougago-4 munts. A. G. Holmes' Empire, list 121b, was third. Thorpo paid a dividend of i!0 17s, Tho Gladstone ?Himuiniip, ouo intlo, whs won by Lord Zetland, who runs in tbu nomination or Murray Hobbs, trairior of Primo Warden and Saraoon. Lord Zetland, who is a six-year-old guiding, brothor to thu suucoasful maro Lady Zotlaml, by Perkin Warbook II.— Forgol-mo-not (dam of Mikailo II.), oairiud 8st 71b and ran oigbt fnrlongs in limit 'Idisoc. Hu paid £1 lb's dividond. Tho threo-yoar-old ooltCaiikot, 7st.7lb, by imported Castor, dam Bangle (fiiatof to tbo dam of Collarette) was inadu favorito in tlio Rbotlos Muinorial Stakos, ouo milo, but could only got third to tbo llvo-year-old chestnut horso Voijongang, by BurlinL-ton— Psycho, who carried 8»t -lib and (.cored first blood for tbo jockey R, Dorritt this boiisoii. Barmby, 7»t, was second. Vosrongang ran, tho dihlauoo in lmiu -niaec, aud paid tbe good'dividuuil of £8 8s. Tbu Buspondod jockoy, W. Brown, couo rally rides for T. Speoran, in whoso nomi nation VoireiiRaiiL' funs. ICulnino, Sdt Ulb, nililen by Norton's ridor W. Clark, who has doferred iiH trip to Australia for tho proaent, failed to got a place. Clark, howovor, scored tor the Middloton Btablo in tbu Consolation Handicap, 7 furlongs, iu which Clanranald, by St. Legot—Scotf ish Lassiu, 8jt 121b, ran a doad boat with Mouutiiin (laid. Gat 101b, tho lattor docliniug to run off. Tho dividends woro— Mountain Maid, :£U 11s ; Clanranald; J!l 13s. Murray Hobbs also won tbo Mom bors' Plato with Tbo Arbitur, Oat 7Ib, who ran' six furlongs In Imin lOsoc, and paid n dividend oE £2 03., Stoukliab, by Pisoatorious, won Iho Lndios' Brucolot from suvon others, pay in H a dividond of £3 2s. ^1G15 ,was put through tho totulisator, making a total of i!81G'J for tho meeting. Ou tho following day, Satnrday, September 15, the Auckland Raoiug Club hold their first Spriujj Mooting. Tbo Trial Haudioap, 7 fur longs, .wits won by tho tlireo-ycur-old Lady Marian, by Malua-Wauda, curryiug 7st 81b, 'Anniversary, 7st 111b, a threo-yoar-old mstor to Mr. Uordorn's Cannon, being second, aud Tho Slmrpoi', 7st 21b, third. A field of ton in oladod Wubloy, a threo-yoar-old colt by Hotchlcisa, and St. Vincent, son of Nalson aiid Florence. Tho timo was lmiu ISsoc, and divi dends, £2 10s and £3. Lady Marian also accounted for tbo Flying Handicap, G furlongs, in which die carried 7a t homo in front of' Thu .Sharper, list 111b (who would have paid a good dividond), Her Ladyship, 7sc, and lour othors, including Giouadier, a threo-yoar-old colt' by Hrijadior. Tho time was; lmiu 2(!sco, and dividends, ^3 and £'i 0s. Lady Marian is small hut smart, and as a two-yoar- old, out of nine, starts, won ouo pony raoo. Mr. Evitt'a eflorti to bring the jumpois togutbor woro very feeble. Iu tho Hurdle Handicap, 1} milo, four startud. Derry fell, and Bclmont (list), ridden by his trainor, F. M'Minamuu, had au easy victory oror Skittlos (9st 61b) and Fishmonger (lost 71b). Bulmont is uu agod sou of the Yattou douhorao King Quail, aud paid.dividonds of ^1 10s anil £1 12s. Only tlucu started iu tbo Steeplochaso, about !i milus. After a good finish Malabar (lOst 71b) just beat Fishmonger (Hatolblon tbo post, ilalab.it is by Billings gate (son of Izaak Walton and Slander) bim solf a great sprinter, but whoso stook aro mostlv leppurs aud ponies ; and Fishmonger is bylzaalc Walton (sire of Billiugfcgato), M(Mina meu, who trains Fishmonger, also won the Pony Handicap with Qnoen of Shobtv, ivho paid a dividend of .£2 Is. Five started in thu Spring Handicap, 1{ milu, and Jumes Koau'o consistent, mare Lottio (Oat 51b), by Muskupoer, won easily from Pogasns (9-it 31 b) und throo others. Tho dividouds woro £3 aud £2 Via. Lottio is by thu Muskot horso Uuskapeer, and is- fancied in cort.iin quartors for tbo Now Zoalaud Cup. Tho abovo win will pay hor way South. Sovo'u youngstors wont to tho post for tbo Soptombcr Stakos, ?! furlongs, tbo first two-year-old raoo of tbo season. Foima, who bad shown smart track form, was liiu'do favorito, and won oasily in 57eeo : Laviniu,, a bay filly by Tasmau — Sybil, was second; and Doadabot, brown colt, by Brigadier— Katipo, third. ^ Tbo other starters woro Hazelmoro, bay filly, by Taamau— Hazol (sistor to Strath niaro) ; Fabulist, brov.-n clolt, by Fabulous — ilisthona; St. Logal, bay colt, by St. Lugor— Friendship ; und Scotland, bay oolt, by Flint lock— Dainty Arid maro. Thu winnor (Forma) is a chestnut filly by HotohkiBs, by Mustct — Pctrolcuso (daui of Miss Ahoo), dam Formo, by S(orlingivortli— Puiclira (dam of Jung Wil liam). Forma was purchasod by G. Wright at tho last salo of Wellington Park yearlings for 200(,'s. Fonno, a smaa-t filly by Noidonfuldti— Formo, is iu tlio same stable. Tho winner bolongs to tbo socond Hatch of.tlie Hotuhkiss'. This siro stands nt Wellington Park nt 20gs, with Castor, Cuirassier, mid St. Loger. A full brother to For.iia will bo among tho year lings 16 bo submitted uoit January. Tbo wbathur was wot, whioh account!! for the slow ness o-f tho limes. .£2631 was put through tbe lotalisalor. Tho Auckland Rtcing Club's Bocoml spring mooting will bo hold on November S laud 10, whou tho Wolcomo Stuko* and Auokland Guineas will bo ilocidud. Tbo htakos during tlia season liavo boon redacodVfrom/^BSOOO lo J282CO, as compared with last yoar. Sinoo 1879 80 up to tho prosont soason (fourteen yoars) tho club havo (jivou. away .£100,778 in slakes. ^ Tho purchase by Mr. Gollan of Fair Noll at tbo broak up of Iho Middle Park Stud in April, 1891, was ono of tbo best that (,-ontloinan ovor mado. Tho maro brought 575 guineas (soivod by St. Gopr-fo), and her bay colt foal (Loyalty) Ibo sumo aftornoon was purchased by Air. D. O'Brion for 175 Ruinoas. Fair Nell's progeny wat Uonnio Scotland, who last wook won tbo' A.J.C. Dorby— which victory was woloomed tbrougliout Mnorilund— two (lays aftor his older brothor (Saracon) hud won the Timarn Cup. Sent to Maxim, Fair Noll produced Froda, a bay filly ' who is a candidate for Maribyrnong Plato honors this soason, and is at proBont undor Porcy Martin's oaro at Caulfiold. To Medallion (Maxim's BUcccsBor nt Yaldhurst) Fair Nell prddncod another filly, and roooutly a colt to Monsqiiotniro, by Nordenfoldt— Frailty. Tbo maro has now (jonoback to St. Goorgo, in tho hopo of gotting another Bonnio Scotland. Fair Noll is by Apromont — Idalia, and missod to TnBman iu her first soason at tbo Rtnd. Hor sister, Ravonswinif, ia dam 6! Icb Dion, who nor formod at Kamltviuk this timo last yoar. Another sister (Enid) has a two-yoar- old filly (Uclllocnt) and yearling colt (Popgun), both by Maiira, tlio proporty of Mr. G. G. Stoad. Tho Dancer's raco in tho County Purso at Hawkosbury, undur Sst 51b, h about the best galloj) tbo groy horso has yot douo. Tho timo, lmiu ISJsoc, was slow. G. Wright mado a vory fair attempt to win tlio doublo with Royal Rosu anil Tho Dancor. Hirondollo, winuor of tbo County Purso, was most can sintunt ns a two-year-old. Hur siro (Loobiol) is making a namo for bimsolf at tin. stud. Tbo only progeny of Nollio Mooro's left in tho colony aro Gouural Thornton (by Apromont), who is at tbo stud, and Princess Holen (by Luolinus), also retired from tlio track. Mr. B. M'Caull, a Wanganui studmastor, vUitud Sydney rucoutly and narchasod tbo thorouglibrud pony stallion Sailor, by Moore thorpo (imp.) ' Ronata (by Albany — No Namo), brothor to tho dofunct Oudois, Disonnod, aud Nonsonso, tho only good performer of tbu oolouy, and all of whom aro in Australia, who waB ono .of Mr. Gollan's roturn team from tho other aido. this season stands in tlio GUborne dlitriot at J-1 4s. Last soason ha atood at bis owner's station at -CO d. Ladas' defont by Throstlo. a half-Biator to Common, by Petrarch, in tho St. Logor, makos tho raolng soanou at bomo oven moro aeusa tfonal. Throstlo wan aoppoaed to ma to tbo running for Matchbox, who finished third. Now Zealand brod horses playod a prorai nont part at Randwick yottordny (Taosday). Tbo Apremont gelding. Wbakawatoa, is ovi dontly back to his best form, and his gallop in tbo Snorts Handicap, aix furlonga, with 9st 81b, in Imin 15)*ari is good onougb to win a Now market Haudioap. Collarotto is a wpll-hrod and smart filly. . The Ponsiblo had four fair opponontj to bout Iu tho Spring Maiden ?Stakes. Tlio throo-qiiartor brotlior lo Mnxlm is one of 'tho best of P. Martin's team. Mutiny's win in tbo Stenploahaio was a vury diwervinir turu for a cood snortsimni, Mr. Vi . DoiikIiis, whosu trips to Australia have boon anything; but profitable. Tbu Muto gelding nppears to havo only just got homo, aud Miss Douglas ia said to bo tbo ownor of tlio Bteoploohasor. RosponBe, who has bonn going, to do Bomotbiug for Homo timo back, wont vory noar scoring in tho Squatters' Haudioap. Sbo and Gingbaui, tho winner, woro, howovor, both receiving ago and 101b from King Orry, who promisos to bo an groat a performer as King Olaf.' Tho Muakot blood was in many of tbo porformors. Tbo dam of Collaiotto (Nooklaoo), ulre of Aomona (Martini Honrl), siro of Thn Possible (Nordonfeldl). dam of I'rojcntilu (Percussion), and siro of Ls,dy Trontou (Trenton), aro ail sprung from tho loins of tlio defunct Toxonholito borso. llnukv Sharp (dam of Whakawataa) is by TriuiuoiT— Miss Flat, and full sistor to tho dnfimot Wol uomo Jack. Collarette cost 700i;s. a» a yuarliiig, aud hor two- year-old brothor Cravat lOSOtfs, ujtlibuiugpurohaaodbyMr.S. Hordorn, Mihfi Lotty, a half sister fo Colhuctto (by St. Logur) mooil in Now South Wales an a two. year-old, and is now nt tlio stud. Nocklaeo (by Muskot-Loukol), dam of Collaiotfo, is full sistor to Thunderbolt (siiu ol Thundoror, wbo recently won tho Alorpbottvillo Plato at Adelaide) ; also to Chuiiishot, who, liko Tbundorbolt, raced in tbo colors of tbo lato ' Roddy iMonoy ' Robinson, and who is at the stud, iu C.uiteilmry ; also to Baugld, whoso lliroci-yuar-old Ron, Caskut (by Cantor), full brothor in blood to Collarotto, is racing in tlio South Island ; : also to Nouklut, who won tho Maribyrnong Plato, and afterwards died iu AllRf;riLli/L. ' T.nnWM. nl«n TlrmlllfiHfl ]M(-dRtlinti to Nordonfoldt; and diod foaling to tbo sainu siro in 1888. Guorgo Dart, woll known in Queensland racing circlus, is now connected with Mcga pbonu, who baa taken lip stud duties in his now homo at Wangauui. Y Young Clmnfa rodo at the Auckland moot ing last Saturday without succubs. Por.lho Wakatipu, whioh oarrios this mail, a hay marc, said to bo a maiden, waa shipped at Dunedin for Sydnpy in charge of R. Tug gart. I could find out no particulars ub to tbo miiro's namo, ago/or brcuding. Cycllnt-. Tho Now Zealand Cyoliols' Alliance has awarded the championship meeting to Ibo Nnpior Waudorun,' Club. This ulub is com bining with tbu llawkus Bay Amaiour Atblelio Club to havo thu track put iu first-class ordor. Tlio grandstand is also to bu Bhiftod and ropnhed, and a ludics' pavilion and otbor con vonlonoos oreoted. Muybo tho popular Sydnoy rider, W. Kerr, will bo once moro amougnt, us. Tho Christohiiroli Cash Arnatour'Club is ondoavoring to nrntnga tor Iho presence of Scharp and Turner, thu Molbourno whuolinon, at their meeting in Doccmbor. X'ootball. Mnch Biirpriso was expressed throughont tho colony un Satnrday lust when tho result of tho Now South Wales-Now Zealand ' miitah bucama known. Difforuut reasons nro givoh for tbo defeat of tbo looal mon. Tllo Now South Wulsbmon haro declined tho invitation to play a return. match. D. Gogo, tbu woll-known local playor, has boon trauxforrod to 'Auckland. T. I£. Ellison, the woll-known Now Zealand roprceoulativo playor, writos na follows in a local paper with reforencd to Hho defoat of the Maoriland team on Saturday last: — Sir, — Having buen aakod on all sides for : my explanation of tbu downfall of our ropreaonla tivos on Saturday, I venture, without in any way dcuirini; to detract from our visitors' splendid victory, to offor tlio following 10 inarkB on my viowii tlioruon : Tbo main can so of our defeat was due to thu want of combina tion of tbo team. Individually tho team was strong enough to uphold our football 'honor, but a critical examination of tboir qualifica tions shows that tboy woro unsysteiuuticully coloctod as rugards positions, which means combination, and consequently no duo Bbould wonder at tlioir dofoat at tho hands of a team that lias somo combination. Tbo unsystematic manner in which tbo team was selected is plainly. shown in tbo back division. Even muitiiug ovor D'Aroy's improper sulcalion nt lull-back, it will bo found that. threo men woro picked lo play right wiuL', ceritro tlireo quartur, and luft-wiug, who aro all virtually luft-wiugs. Now tlicsu three positions domnuu ilifforent styles of piny, anil 1 cousidor it was not ultogother unfair play to Bayly, and especially to Baloh, to bo comnmndoil to play contro aud right-wing rospootivoly, whon thoy woro aucudtomod to play in vory different places, but it was aleo vory unfair to tho men who havo acquirod big roputalious for thorn belies iu tbobo positions and who wero passed ovor by tho Selection Comiuittoo. 1 mako this nssortion npphcablo to Buyly with nil duo respect to bia ability as a. centro, whoro ho has cortainly played, but wboro bo is not as good, us ho undoubtedly is a flvo-oiirhth or a luft wiujf throo-quarlor. Ho should havo boon selected as five-eighth in the team. Nor nro thoso tho only blunders of the sulcators. Coming to tbu halves tho sumo orror is found to havo boon oommittod. lioro are found two men wlib aro selected to play in two difforent positions, nnd who are both accustomed to play iu tlio ono und Hie samo position, viz., centro-balf. That Bulland should play poorly iu bis now position tlioro forudoeB not in tho least Hiirpriso mo. lioro, again, tbo counnitteo is uuilty of uiifairness to two moil. ' I 'refer, of courso, to Bullnud and tho playor who should huvo boon played at fiw.-ciKhtli. So tliat, although a full team of backs an ?'''. us iiumbon go was fcolocted, yotno full-t.;j'k, no centre tbriie-qunrlur, no rijrbt winif tLroe-quartor, nor fiio-oighth was scloctod. Tho forwards aro also open to the sarno criticism, but ns it would tako up too much space to pick thorn to piouos I thoroforo hosi tato to tako up bo much more Fpaeo in your valuable paper. It would bo snfllcioht for mo to say -that tho wholo toam wus solooted iu uttor disrogard of the laws of combination. I am aluo' of opinion that tho ' polioy ' soloqtion systotn had rather too much in fiuehcA ovor tba solootors, but it is to bo hoped that that system has rcooivod its death blow. Tho toam should havo boon as follows: — Fnll-baok, Davidson or Ooohard ; right-wing tbroc-quartbr, Jurvis, Itobeits. or failing oitbor of thoso,' Hftrpor; centro throe-quarter, W. T. AVynyard ; loft-iving tliroo-quartor, It. Good or Bulch; centra half, D. R. Gage; wmg half, A. Bayly; right wing forward, Oliphant or Kelly;- loft wing, M'Kouzio; front row -scrinnmuffora (right) W. White, (loft) Lambioor Young; sooond raw do. (rights) Poland, (centre)- Stuart, (loft) Hughes ? third row d.1. . Lainbio aud.Wulls. 'The Ghost of Solitary Crook.' A mining story of tho olden, golden dnyB. Sunday Times noxt issue. A charaoteristio story is told in connection with Tbormauby's Dorby. No Boonor had tbo horso passed the post and bis number boon hoiutod than James Marry, his ownor, whilo rocoiviDg tbo congratulations of a ? largo number of friends, suddenly bothought him aolf of tho Fulkirk Burghs, whom bo ropro Bontod in Parliament. HaBtoning to tho tolo grapb-oOlco ho forthwith dispatobod tbo fol lowing ourt ' message : — 'Throe forty-fivo— Thormanby wins.' With marvollous prompt ness a roply oamo back, which, whon opened by Mr. Merry, bo found to bo equally abort and swoot :— ' Throe fifty-oight^-Falkirk Burghs is drunk.' It would appear that, judging by tbo rapidity of dispatcli in Bonding the roply, tho Falkirk Burghs must have beon a little on in anticipation. 