HAVE GHOSTS BEEN SEEN ? Few subjects tax more stringently what may be called the scientific conscience than the niattter of apparitions. The student of science recognises two clear duties in all scientific enquiries. In the first place, he must strive to see things as they are and in the second, he must apeak of them as he sees them. In regard to ghosts and goblins, science has travelled along smoothly enough so long as apparitions of particular classes have been in question. The whole sub ject of hallucinations has been exploded by science so thoroughly that no one now is perplexed by stories of visions such as those that troubled Nicolai, - Blake the painter, Mrs. A. (of Brewster's " Natural Magic"), and a number of other persons. The vision in such cases is but " the blot upon the brain that wilt show itself with out," and science is " not to be overawed by what it cannot but know is a juggle of the brain." Nor has scince been much concerned about those old-fashioned ghost stories, telling how sheeted forms and unearthly sounds have afrighted sensitive folk under such conditions suitably suggestive. We have learned to understand bow readily under conditions—as the gloom of night, chilly air (starting shivers and tremors, which of themselves suggest unearthly feelings,) aud so forth—the mind will un consciously form false images out of dimly seeu object or transform unexplained noises into sounds significant of horror. A waving cloth becomes a beckoning sheet-clad ghost ; the creaking of a door sounds like the shriek or a tuuau of some one in agony. Out in the open air, in gloomy woods, or valleys half hid in mist, sights and sounds that by day would not be noticed are by the active mind changed to awful appearances or terrible noises. To tbis day, for instance, iu parts of Eugland, the noises made at night by migrating birds are regarded as the bark ing of the Gabriel hounds (" Gabriel" is Itself a suggestive transformation from " gabble"), which in recent times—I mean somewhere within the last 10 or 12 centuries— have been found by the fool ish country folk to be the souls of un bap tised children; while (since the hounds have never done any harm directly) it has been heid reasonable to regard them as indicating some approaching trouble for those who hear them. | There has not only been no trouble | in interpreting the ghosts and goblins of tbis type, but no difficulty has risen in consequence of visions and voices which have seemed to stimulate the ap pearance or tones of the dead. It is when we turn to visions of liv ing persons, or to thoughts and sugges tions relating to living persons, at a dis tance from the person affected by the vision of impression, that we find evi dence most difficult to deal with, and the results not only difficult to explain, but not altogether satisfactory for discussion, because the number of those who wel come the discussion of such matters with ridicule enormously exceeds the number of the more sensible. To illustrate the class of cases in ques tion, I will take a few carefully selected examples from among hundreds that might be recited. In the following case we have the di rect evidence of the person affected, who is well-known, may even be said to be in some degree eminent—the Rev. James M. Wilson, head master of Clin ton College, England, and senior wrangler (that is, first iu the honour examination for mathematics) in the year 1S50. I was at St. John's Goliege, Cambridge, when he was there, taking my degree only one year later. The following nar rarative is in his own words. " I was at Cambridge, in full health, boating, football playing, aud the like, and by no means subject to hallucina tions or morbid fancies. One evening I felt extremely ill ; trembling with no apparent cause whatever, nor did it seem to be a physical illness or chill of any kind. 1 was frightened. I was to tally unable to overcome it. I remem ber a sort of struggle with myself, re solving that I would go on with my mathematics ; bnt it was in vain. I be came convinced that I was dying. I was j in a strange discomfort, but with no symptoms that I can recall except mental discomfort, and the conviction that I should die that night. Towards 11, after some three hours of this, I got better and went up stairs, and got to bed, and after a time to sleep, and the next moruing ' was quite well. In the next afternoon came a letter to say that my twin brother had died the evening before in Lincoln- j shire. I am quite clear of the fact that! I never once thought of him, nor was ' his presence with me even dimly ima gined." Let this story, in which not only was no apparation seen, but the presence of the relative who died at the time of the strange sensation was not even imagined, be compared with tbe following, which is one of the best authenticated of a class of stories whose name is now becoming legion : In September, 1857, Captain W., of the Sixth Dragoon Guards, left England to join his regiment in India, leaving his wife at Cambridge. On the night be tween Nov. 14 and 15 1857, she dreamed that she saw her husband looking very ill, and she thereupon woke in agita tion. When she looked up she saw the same figure standing by her bedside. He appeared in uniform and as if suffer ing intense pain. He then gradually faded from her view. At first Mrs. W. supposed she must be still asleep; but rubbing her eyes and listening tc the breathing of a child beside her, she con vinced herself that what she bad seen was no dream. In December, 1857, a ' telegram from the seat of war appeared j in tbe morning papers, stating that Cap tain W. had been killed before Luck- j now on the fifteenth of November. The ; family solicitor applied for further iofor- i mation as to the date of Captain W.'s ' death, which Mrs. W. felt sure must have taken place on the fourteenth and not on the fifteenth. But the date given in the telegram was confirmed at the war office. At this time a singular circum stance came to light. The solicitor chanced to mention the case to a lady, a friend of his, who according to his own account, had a tendency to see visions. Turning to her husband, she said: " That must have been the apparition I saw on the evening when we were speak ing about India." They were able to fix the date by means of a receipt for an amount paid that day as the fourteenth of November. The solicitor on this applied to the war of fice again, saying that the friends of Capt. W. were persuaded there must be some mistake about the date. The officials stated, - however, that there could be no mistake, since the death was referred | to in two despatches from Sir Colin Campbell, who, in hotb cases, gave the date as the fifteenth. In March, 1858, a letter arrived from a brother officer, giving an account of Captain W.'s death. This officer, who had been riding beside Captain W. when he was killed, stated that death occurred on the fourteenth of .November. Finally, though whether on the strength of this officer's evidence or through faith in the apparition's truth to time, the day was altered to the four teenth. It seems never to have occurred to any one to consider the difference be : tween Indian and English time. If the time of Captain W.'s death really coin cided, as Mrs. W. then and thereafter firmly believed, with the time of her dream, then, unless she went to bed unusually early, he was killed on the 15th of November, Indian time. Suppose, for instance, Ehe had her dream at 10 o'clock on the night of November 14th, then at that moment it was 24 minutes past three on the morning of November 15 at Luckuow. Suppose it was later, as the account suggests, then, we may well suppose that daylight had already broken on the morning of the loth at Luckuow, at the hour when Mrs. W. had her midnight dream at Cambridge and her husband met his death. One other narrative, before we con sider the philosophical aspect of the multitudinous stories of this kind which are vouched for on good authority ; aud be it remembered, in passing, such stories as these cau be uumistakabiy confirmed, aud have frequently been so confirmed, independently of the veracity of persons who assert that they saw the visiou or experienced the impression con sidered. The following story is related almost in the words of the Bishop of Carlisle, better known in former days at Cambridge as Dr. Harvey Goodwin the eminent mathetician. A Cambridge student had arranged some years ago with a fellow-student that they should meet together at Cambridge for the purposes of reading. A short time before going up to Cambridge to keep his appointment oue of them—from which Dr. Goodwin had the story—was in the South of England. Walking in the night he saw, as he imagined, his friend silting at the foot of his bad. He was surprised by the eight, and more so as his friend seemed to be dripping with water. He j spoke, but the apparition shook its head j and disappeared. But the vision reap- j peared a few minutes after. Information was soon received that at about the time j when the apparition was seen by the ' young student his friend had been drowned ! while bathing. It will be remembered that Lord Brouh ham had an experience very similar to the one just related ; and there are oilier cases i of the same kind, that is, cases in which j an apparition of a distant friend, at or near the hour of death, has been seen by one to whom a promise lias been made, the fulfilment of which had been prevented : by death. The coincidence explanation, which i disposes fully of even the best authenti- j cated ghost and goblin stories, fails en- ! tirely in the presence of the phenomena j we are considering. These experiences are so exceptional as to excite special atten- i lion when they occur; while, whenever j they do occur, an event of a special kind ' occurs to correspond, both as to time and person. This being the case, the argu ment from coincidence logically demon strates canal not casual connection. But, as I suggested at the outset, the trouble is, that we cannot understand how there can be any casual association in these cases. Nothing as yet known to the stu dent of science enables him to explain how the anguish of A in one part of the earth can move B to sympathetic anguish in another. I am utterly unable to sug gest any explanation. The theory of brain waves suggested by the present editor of the Nineteenth Century several years ago, in reference to a story related by Tennyson about an apparition of the kind ' we are considering, is simply no explana- j tion at all. It is an attempt to explain ' obscurum per obscurius. The only path to an explanation that seems worth try- I ing is that on which Professor Barrett ' and others have attempted to advance enquiry ; namely, as to the influence of tuind on mind under test conditions. ' And, unfortunately, while this path is infested by charlatanism and trickery, what bas been thus far disclosed with more or less clearness in this direction has been of little promise. Like Sir Isaac Newton's experiments on the action of gravity under test conditions, which gave evidence only as to the nature of the at tractive force exerted by matter on matter, but in no sense explained how matter can act on matter instantly over vast dis tances, so these experiments on the ac tion of mind on mind within the same room, though useful as indicating the ! nature of this action, suggest no explana- j tion whatsover of the observed fact that • wind can act on mind at a distance, and j apparently in an instant of time. I In fine, it appears to me that the j evidence regarding the communication of j impressions from mind to mind over ' great distances, in such sort that appa- | ritions of distant persons dying or suf- I fering seem to be seen by their friends j or relatives, is too strong to be rejected ' by any conscientious student of facts. Science is no more justified in rejecting j this evidence merely because no explana^ tion is available than astronomers would ; be justified in rejecting the observed , fact that bodies influence other bodies from a distance, merely because, as New- 1 ton himself admitted, no one can explain ■ how matter can act where it is not. Some communication there must be be- j tween sun and planet, between planet j and satellite, aud beyond each solar sys- [ tern between sun and sun and between 1 I galaxy and galaxy; but no one has yet ( shown what that communication may be. | In like manner, even the most cautious | student of science may well believe that there be some means of communication, under special conditions, between mind and mind at a distance, though no one may be able to explain how such com munication is brought about. A child, while walking through an art gallery with her mother, was attacked by a statue of Minerva. " Who is that," said she. " My child, that is Minerva, the goddess of wisdom." " Why did'nt they make her husband, too?" "That was because she was wise, wasn't it? mamma?" was tha artless reply. " Pooa Hubert, how I wish you did not have to slave from morning til! night!" murmured his wife as, with a fond caress, she seated herself on her husband's knee, and gently stroked the auburn locks from his lofty brow. And the grave stern man of busi ness understood her at once and answered : Well, Susie, what is it—a bonnet or what? Don't be too bard on me, for money is scarcer than ever." One for His Nob.—An old French shoe maker, who boasted that nothing could frighten him, was put to the test by two young men. One of them pretended to be dead, and the other, going to the shoe maker, induced him to sit up with the supposed corpse. The shoemaker was in a hurry for some work, so lie took his tools and leather and began working be side the corpse. About one o'clock, coffee having exhilarated him, he commenced singing a lively tune, keeping time with his hammer. Suddenly the corpse arose, and exelaimed, in a hollow voice, " When a man is in ihe presence of death he should not sing." The shoemaker started then suddenly dealt the corpse a blow on the head, exclaiming at the same time, " When a man is dead he should not speak." It was the last time they tried to scare the shoemaker. 