MANAGERS' REPORTS, COMET, Dundas, June 0--During the r past week the intermediate level west from winze has been extended: Iib, total 78ft, through promising lode matter, but no ore I of value met with. East drive extended a 14ft, total 28ft; no change to report. During next week we will open out drive I at the 260ft level for the purpose of reach- I ing ,Maeetri"s floor of ore, which they worked from their bottom level. This t drive will be 50ft below Maestri's bottom t workings, where we know there is a good body of ore. Pump and machinery are in good working order. EAST VOLUNTEER, Lefroy, July 7-Since r last report the underlie shaft has been i sunk a further depth of 14ft, total from C plat 54ft, and from surface 254°t. The lode is small, only Gin, pug and all. LITTLE WoNDER, Beaconsfield, July 9- e During the past week the west drive on t lode at 184ft level has been advanced 12it; lode from Gft to 10ft wide, carrying pay able gold, but at present the face is very mullocky, and may improve as advanced. The east drive has been driven Gft; lode small and poor. Have delivered 60 tons to battery. Started crushing on Thursday last. MOONtIGeT, Beaconsfield, July 7-Ex- I tended the drive for the past week a further distance of 8ft, total 86ft ; country in face is light and brown sandstone, with leader from Gin to 7in in width carrying a good hanging wall; can obtain a little fine gold in rubble. Still trenching in good couutry. MOUNT ZEEHAN (British), Zeehan, June 20-During the past week operations have been pushed forward vigorously ; 188 tons 12cvt of crude ore have been raised and dressed, yielding 35 tons 6cwt of concen trates, assaying 86'19.z silver, and 75 68 per cent. of lead per ton. NEW WINDERMERE, Lefroy, July 3 Level (xtended 10it for fortnight ; total 48ft from opening set. Last Thursday a complete change of country came in, the formation carrying two splendid walls and a seam of quartz, which occurred about the centre, full of dark iron pyrites and a little gold. This satisfies me that we are on the right track, and may expect better things when we get under the tunnel whcra the rich gold was found. In the tunnel the reef can be traced for over 200ft west without a break. Everything is now in good working order; am now work. ing two shifts. NEw ORLANDO, Lefroy, July 7-Started work on the 3rd inst. to put in bed logs under the engine and two back stays to poppet legs, and put a shape on to the engine house, which is now complete. We got up steam to-day, and will start to bale on Monday. NEw PINAFOuR, Lefroy, July 9-Cen tral shaft No. 2 level- Eastern drive advanced 12ft Gin, total 19Gft from crosscut, reef as last reported ; rise on footwall put up 7ft, total 66ft; reef 2ft wide, payable stone. No. 1 level, eastern drive- Winze plat nearly completed, will start sinking wines early this week. The usual amount of wash has been broken out with payable resulte. As the drive proceeds east we appear to be getting into a well defined gutter, and the gold is rather more wa'er worn. West of crosscut a small amount of stoping has been done with payable results. Intermediate drive bitween Nos. 1 and 2 Have commenced rising on a fair body of stone, carrying payable gold. Main shaft, No. 5 level - Main crosscut driven 15ft,total 421ft from shaft; ;country sandstone and slate intermixed with quartz spurs. Western drive advanced 7ft, total 263ft; reef mullocky. Eastern drive -F ootwall winze, south crosecut, driven 18ft, total 53ft; formation getting softer. Hanging-wall winze, north crosscut, driven a total of 11ft; still in stone of a very promising nature. Intermediate drive be tween Nos. 4 and 5 levels advanced 80:t west from winze; reef large, poor quality. Stoping has been carried on east of wirze; reef 5ft wide, of poor quality. Fair pro gress has been made with the building in of boiler at central shaft. At the battery the engine for driving the Bryant mill has been placed in position. Machinery at mine and battery in good working c rder. WESTERN, Zeehan, July 4-No. 5 level south driven 19?t, No. 5 north driven 2it; no change since last report. No. 4 level, east branch, driven 11ft; lode 3ft wide, carrying 9in first-class ore. No. 4 level north driven 6ft; lode 15:n wide, good seconds. No. 3 level south-We cut east branch in crosscut on Saturday afternoon, and have driven on it 8ft since then; lode now 2ft Gin wide, about one-third firsts. N'. 2 level-Driving on west lode north from crosscut; lode improved, and has averaged Ift wide during the week, mostly firAtr, now smaller. No. 2 level south Drive on west lode near intersection advanced 7ft; lode Ift wide, good seconds. Output for the week-Firits, 70 tons; seconds, 520 tone. The concentrating mill has worked 80 hours, treating 520 tons seco:ds for 87 tone concentratee. Gross output for the week 590 tons, producing 157 tons marketable ore. WxsT PINAFOnE, Lefroy, July 7-- No. I crosecut has been driven 18ft for the week, melting a total of 6Gft from the shaft. The ground is favourable, and the contractor is making rapid progress. Eastern crosecut No. : level--This has been driven 33Et from eastern level, distance for week 10ft. Ground racher tough, requiring the use of exp!osivee. YORNER, Back Creek, July, 9 -Since last report have extended north drive 15ft, and sunk a shaft 14ft, and driven north 18t; the country passed through is very favour. able for a lode. Cut several leaders, gold bearing ; enclose prospects from same to give you an idea of the quality. The man who is scared at ghosts is afraid of nothing. 