[?] I l£r9 ilWlili , Br" "-' t Jean Middlemass 3Ri4f SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chatters I. and IL — Sir Louis Dunraven, of Abovnc Court, has two nephews, Clement Dun- raven ana Pierce Vaughan. The baronet wishes the former to marry Lady Gertrude Verschoyle, and makes it a condition of him leaving him his property that he should propose t» her at once. He consents, but with a secret sorrow. Pierce Vaughan, who is in love with Gertrude, determines that he will discover the secret of his cousin, and accidentally finds a note in the following terras : " Dearest Clem,— Thanks for your darling note. I will meet you at the usual place on Tuesday at dusk— Your ever loving Beta." Cle ment does as his uncle desires him, and proposes to and is accepted by Lady Gertrude. Pierce Vaughan hears of the engagement with chagrin. As he is walking in the grounds trying to cool his fevered brow be distinctly sees a strange woman leave them, 80 suddenly had she appeared and disappeared that she seems like a ghost. CnArrER m. and Part of Chapter IV. -Clement Dunraven, after his engagement with Lady Gertrude, visits a little cottage about four miles from Aboyne Court, and there meets Lisbeth Glendinning, whom, in a weak moment, he has made his wife. He endea vors under liis altered circumstances to make his . Iieace with her, and she consents not to interfere with lira 011 condition that the child, which is to be born to them, if a boy, shall succeed to the title which will eventually be his. CHAPTER IV.— (Continued.) Clement had done all he could to have the date of his nuptials fixed much later, but Sir Louis insisted on January the 10th, and Sir LouL would not be contradicted. Tuis was the first time Pierce Vaughan had seen bis cousin since the evening of the en gagement, and he was particularly struck by his changed appearance, for changed Clement Dunraven was, and no one knew it better than himself, whenever he looked in the glass. The furro ws on his face had deepened , the hair on his temples had gone quite grey. Any woman less in love than Lady Ger trude would have rafted the matter to its foundation, but Lady Gertrude was cognisant only of Clement's perfections, and so gloriously happy at the idea of being his wife, that she saw no trouble ahead. When once or twice Elvira De'ane had suggested that there might be something wrong, she had silenced her so angrily that her friend dare venture on no further re marks. The two men walked a few steps towards the house, in a silence which was broken at last by Pierce Vaughan saving, 44 I called at the Grlendinnings' cottage as I oame through Coleshill. I was astonished to find that the old man was aead, and the young woman had flitted." The oolor deepened on Cement's face, though he made a vigorous effort to remain impassive and to speak as usual. 4 'Yes. Josh Glendinning has been dead some weeks, and I believe the girl has gone to London." "Do you know her address?" 44 I — no — why should I know her address ? What do you want it for ?"' Clement turned on his cousin much as though he were a tiger at bay. " Well, you need not get angry, old man. I used to think once that you were a bit sweet on Lisbeth G'endinnmg, and that therefore you might khow where she had gone." "Sweet on Lisbeth Glendinning? You don't know what yon are taking about, Pierce. If you ever dare to say that again I'll cram your words down your throat. Because you are a blackguard and have secret affairs and suspicious meetings with girls yourself, you think every fellow docs the same." Pierce Vaughan smiled. He was so de lighted at having surprised the usually genial Clement into attemper that he slurred over the imputation on his own social cha racter. " Of course, my dear Clem," he said, speaking blandly, 44 I do not 'mean for a moment to insinuate that now you are going to be married you will allow your fancy to rest on a girl like Lisbeth Glendinning, handsome and virtuous although we know her to te. All the more reason why you can give me her addresB in London. You might do so, since I am in no way hampered by an engagement to a Lady Gertrude." A fierce oath was Clement's answer to this request, followed, by tne unequivocal as sertion that he knew naught of Lisfceth's address. An assertion which Pierce Vaughan be lieved none the more for the truly tempos- , tuous manner in which it was made. 44 All right — ail right," he said soothingly, 44 we will not talk any more about her since the subject irritates you. It is annoying to think that one cannot enjoy all the good things of life at the same moment. Perhaps I am the happier fellow of the two, since the Fates bestow but few enjoyments on me." Clement Danraven looked for a moment, as though he were inclined to reply to this irritant in soothing tones by a blow, but he restrained himself, and without another word being spoken, the two men went up to the library window, at which Sir Louis was standing. The thoughts which had been surging in both their brains during the short walk was scarcely enviable. Most certainly Clement felt about as desperate as if he were a con demned felon, and Pierce Vaughan was more than ever oert∈ that if he directed his detective proclivities aright, he would dis cover something that might prevent the marriage. He had not much time to do it iu, worse luck. If only he had come down to Aboyne Court a little earlier! But he bad been detained in town by some business which, after all, would not bring any great amount of grist to the miff. It would have been much better to have followed matters up at Aboyne Court and tried to oust Clement both from his uncle's and bis lady love's affections. He had, however, nearly twenty days before the wedding ; a good deal might be accom plished in twenty days. Sir Louis received him with much show of affeodoa. He was always rather gushing to Pierce, perhaps he thought in this way to make up to a certain' extent for the absence of coit. Hot but that he fully intended to leave him something, though by no means so large a sum as greedy Pierce would appreciate. For a tew seconds while he stood, talking to his uncle, Clement having left them, he was inclined to tell the old man his suspicions about Clement's affairs, but he; decided that it would probably make him wish to hasten instead of delay the marriage. Ho, he thought he might accomplish Clement Don- raven's ruin in some far more effectual way, and he smiled to himself as he suddenly decided what he would do if other means failed. But this was a last resource. Before he fired a final shot be would watch Clement closely, bribejservants," pay detectives if need were, in order to discover whether he held any further communication with the houri of the cottage, whose address he had so angrily protested that he did not know. But had Clement spoken falsely when he made this statement ? It was quite true that Lisbeth had gone to London, money having been supplied by Clement, and that daring several interviews they had had after that agonising one, it had been decided that it were better for them both that he should for the present remain ignorant of her where abouts. There was little doubt that he would know his fate quite soon enough. Watching Clement was, Pierce Vaughan decided, very unsatisfactory ranee he found out nothing that he did not know before. Clement, iu his lonely hours, when he thought himself uu watched and unnoticed, was the very picture of misery and despair ; when he was iu society, especially iu the pre sence of Lady Gertrude, he managed to wake himself up .to a state of excitement bordering on frenzy. Yet all this time he never went to London, so Pierce's plans for watching him were absolutely useiess. The day was fast approaching for the" wedding, and as it grew nearer both the cousins became more and more pre-oocupied, but athwart the happiness of Sir Louis and Lady Gertrude there lay no cloud. Clement was evidently expectinc some communication, as whenever a letter or tele- ; gram was brought into the room he changed oolor and looked intensely unoomfortable ; this Pierce Vaughan would bave found out a'most without watching him as closely as he did. Yet nothing cams ; no means were afforded off solving the mystery that hung over Clement. In consequerce of his disappointment in not finding ont something tangible that would mar his cousin's prospects, Pierce Vaughan took to sitting up at night in his own room. That is, he wrote one Bhort note over and over again, each time being more dissatisfied with his band- writing. After a second" night, however, spent in the same fashion, he accomplished his task to his liking, and the note was finally written and addressed. Ail the copies of it were carefully burned. On the following morning he said he was going up to town for a few hours, could he do anything for anyone? His uncle gave him one or two commissions in connection with the wedding which was to take place in a few days, and he went off in high spirits. Clement had gone to Lord Melbury's place, Criohton Towers, for two or three days, and wa3 not to return to Aboyne Court until the evening before the wedding. It was probably because be was not there to be watched that Pierce Vaughan had ohosen that moment for going to London, and also because h& was at Crighton Towers, and the bomb Pierce was preparing for Lady Gertrude would certainly be more efficient if Cleiaent were present. The party at Crichton Towers was a merry one. Elvira Delane was its centre. She kept everyone amused, everyone laughing, even Clement in his grimmest moods was compelled to be fascinated by bright Elvira D lan 3. Elvie's gay spirits were, however, some thing1 like his own, called up iu order to con ceal perturbation of spirit. She haled and dreaded this marriage almost as much as he though she had not the wherefore always at her heart as Clement had. "1 would give the biggest diamond my father ever gave me if I could stop it even now," she said to herself as she was dressing for dinner and the maid was clasping a riviere round her swau-like throat, Mr Delano's last gift to his spoilt child, 44 but there isn't a chance ; poor little Gerty, she looks happy enough now, but this day year I dread to think what her feelings will be. Then a knock at the door arrested her soliloquy. 41 See who that is, Julie," she said, addressing the French maid. ' 4 Letters, Mademoiselle, by the second post." Three or four were handed to Elvira, and before opening she tossed them over on her table. 44 This one is for Lady Gertrude. How careless to bring it here." 44 Shall I take it to her ladyship, Made moiselle ?'' 44 Ho. I am going to her room as soon as I am dressed." Meantime she looked attentively at the letter. 44 "What queer writing," she murmured. 44 It is — well, it is no business of mine." Five minutes Later she went to Lady Ger trude's room with the letter in her hand. It was rather late, and she had gone downstairs. In a little boudoir near the drawingroom Elvira saw her, talking to Clement. They were discussing the important arrangement of some flower vases. Mies Delane went in and gave ner tne letter. Lady Gertrude made the same remark her friend had done. 44 What queer writing 1 1 wonder who it is from ?" Then she tore it open. A scrap of paper fell out on to the carpet at her feet. Clement Dunraveu stooped down and picked it np. As he did so nis eyes fell on the words, 4 4 Darling Clem," and the signature, « Beta." It was the note Pierce Vaughan had picked up under the old tree iu the wood. CHAPTER V.— Playhto With Fi Bis. The morning of the 10ih Jahuary, and the Sun shone brightly. Lady Gertrude's wedding day. All Coles- hill had turned out in gala dress. The marriage of the Earl's daughter was an event ef far greater magnitude than frequently occurred in that quiet neighborhood . 44 Happy is the bride the etui shines on," said the good wives as - they greeted each other in the High-street, and none of them doubted the happiness that was in store for Lady Gertrude with that handsome genial young fellow, Sir Louis' nephew. If tbey could only have penetrated behind the veil that concealed the real state of affairs from the outer world , would not dread rather than hope have overtaken that now smiling throng ? Elvira Delane was chief bridesmaid. As she donned her lovely dress of soft white silk with the touches of pink and green so deftly introduced by Parisian fingers, there was a feeling very near akin to sorrow at her heart. She could not forget the scene in the boudoir after she had given Lady Gertrude the letter in the queer writing. It was more present than eyer to her mind on the morning of the wedding. "Why should Gertie marry Clement in spite of every warning ? It is so unreason able, so illogical." Would Elvira herseffrbe more logical when love, the great enslaver, had taken firm possession of her? Probably not ; yet she would not be so entirely carried away by her feelings as was Lady Gertrude. Anonymous the letter enclosing Beta's assuredly was, yet Beta's letter was written to Clement, and the explanation he gave of it would not have satisfied practical Elvira. He told her it was a by- gone fooliBh fancy, the heroine of wVc'i had been dead this many a year- If intending wives dipped too closely into young men's _ past lives — no woman would ever marry at all. Had he not told Lady Gertrude when he proposed to her that he was unworthy of a place iu her affections, ' yet she had said she would trust him. Yes, and she would trust him now, and, re gardless of Elvira's presecce, she threw her arms round his neck and bide him forget that she had ever seen that intrusive missive. And so there was not even a check to the marriage preparations, and the lovers, for lovers they still were, seemed more closely allied than before that letter reached the fiancee. The explanation was a feeble one, Elvira thought, rendered ten times more feeble by the ashen tint Clement Dunraven's features had assumed, while he was called upon to give it. Nor did the color return to his face when, by Lady Gertrude's request, he walked to the fire to burn the communica tion. By happy legerdemain he burnt Beta's letter only, and managed to slip the anony mous missive into his pocket for future inves tigation as to its author. 44 It is burnt, and there is an end," said Lady Gertrude, 44 now let us think of it no more," and with her back to the fire she went on arranging her flowers. But little escaped Elvira's sharp eyes. She saw the letter was suppressed, ana she won dered then as she did now what trouble would come of it in the future. Ho suspicions of Pierce Vaughan having had any hand hi the matter came to her, how ever, as itdid to Clement, but then Elvira acknowledged a sneaking tenare&se; for Pierce, and she would not have believed him respon sible of underhand doings, whereas Ciement uateo rum, ana anew iuu weu wnen ne re&a; those letters that his deadliest enemy in the future would be the cousin who considered himself robbed of his inheritance. H ever Pierce Vaughan discovered aught of ClementVfirsfc marriage, what chance would there be of his being saved from a felon's dock ? At present, however, bis shaft had missed aim, and dement was still acknowledged.the luckiest and happiest man in Christendom. And so he looked, as, seated beside his uncle, he drove through Coleshill to the churoh But for weeks, almost monthB, Clement had not appeared so like his ol£ genial cheery Bslf as he. did to-day. His face was as cloudless as the sky, and if anyone had misgivings about the future of this marriage, it apparently was not the bridegroom. He had that morning received a communi cation from Lisbsth ; the infant was a girl, born to inherit her mother's sorrows and set her father free. ' Clement had nothiag now to fear ; he dis regarded Pierce, who could never discover the truth, for Lisbeth was true as steal ; where once she had pledged her word it was given for aye. How strange it is that many, people w ha are absolutely unprincipled about keeping a promise believe so thoroughly iu the good latch of others. As Clement Dunraven walked np the aisle of the church and took his place at the altar to await his bride he blessed Lisbeth for the weight of anxiety and care she had taken from his mind. Never, for an instant, did he bestow one thought on the terrible lifelong burden he had given her to carry. It was all over, the nuptial knot was tied, and the rich tones of the organ were welling forth the wedding march as Mr« and Lady Gertrude Danraven walked to the carriage, drawn by four white horses, that was wait ing for them at the door. They both looked as happy as newly-made man and wifeBhoold look, as amid many a hurrah and 44 long live the happy couple,'" they drove away through the triumphal arches that had been erected in th-nr honor. Immediately behind the chief actors in the events of the day followed the bridesmaids and their attendant grooms. Elvira Delane came first, leaning on the arm of Pierce Vaughan. They both seemed pre-occupied, and were thinking more of these others than of them selves, until they were startled into a recol lection of the actual by a bystander on thf church steps, who remarked — 44 Another handsome couple ; perhaps thai will be the next marriage in Coleskiil." She was not given to self-consciou£nes8( yet a deep blush spread over Elvira's pretty intelligent face, as she beard the words, but howcGuld it be otherwise, as Pierce Vaughan turned his bead and looked at her fixedly. What did the glance mean ? Was he ask ing her if she were willing, or was he con sidering whether the hint were not a good one, and that it would be wise to shelve hatred and revenge for a while, leave the Danravens to their own miserable fate, and seek to win old Delaue's daughter and hei pott of gold ? Hatred, however, beat love out of thi field that day. 44 There was time enough to win Elvira,'1 he decided, -sicce in his conceit he felt pretty sure she loved him. Thus he lost the golden opportunity, foi Elvira saw the hesitation, and resolved tc make the wooing, if wooing it ever became, a difficult one. 41 Those who teach must act up to their own leseons," she thought. 44 Never- never — never will I follow in Ge: tie's foot steps, and, being infatuated with any man, become blind to his foibles." And in pursuance of her theory she gave all her attention for the rest of the day to Six Miles Berkely, who wes the suitor favored by her father, but whom, until that hour, Elvira had elected to snub. Sir M iles was not a man of the world like Pierce Vaugnan, but a shy, unsophisticated Modus, who was only too thankful to be taught the art of love, of which he did nof even know the rudiments. This, caprioioui Mirs Ei>iri D/ane, who was rather bored now that the wedding was over, thought would be £na fun, especially as she hoped T would make Pierce Vaughan jealous. Sr she conducted Sir Miles into tie eon servatory. She did not consider as the did so how dangerous it was to play with elgec tools, not but that she would have been quitt as ready had she stopped to count the oostt for Elvira Dffaue was plucky, and loved excitement for excitement's sake. It would have been difficult to di mover where the danger lay in flirting with Sir Miles Berke ley, than whom thee was not a betta fellow in the breadth and length of the king, dom. He would never have left a woman if the lurch as Clement Danraven had done, 01 sent an anonymous letter iu order to try an break off a marriage. He would hav( scorned such acts, and thought that men capable of them were not fit to he spoken to. It was his st rictus =n»e of honor and high integrity that made Elvira's new amueemanf of playiijg with fire all the more dangerous. He was a little bit astonished at being sought out for preference on this occasion, since he had been worshipping Elvira from afar for a long time, and had received but little encouragement. He was, nevertheless, too delighted to question or cavil. Elvira looked lovely in her pretty new frock as she sat oquettishly, her head a little on one side, gazing at him from amid the gorgeous azaleas by which she was sur rounded. Sir Miles stood in front of her in awkward adoration. He was a big, fleshy man, over six feet, with a large face beaming with good nature, and yet by ... no means wanting in intelligence. Intelligence, that is, of a certain sort. Sir Miles was very long headed, political economy, statutes, the management of land, and all sorts of 44 dry as dust " subjects, as Elvira called them, he had at his fingers' ends, but making conversation in a lady's boudoir was sot his forte, and lounging among the luxurious foliage in thai well-stocked conservatory he seemed totally out of place. Elvira looked at him&B; he stood before hsr, and was provoked, though flattered, by thf homage. 44 Why on earth don't you sit down," eht said r little sharply. 44I wanttotaikto you, BULL U IB UUpUQQlViV bv WUVDieo wvu 9 UMU- who is standing about looking uncom fortable." He fetched a rustic stool from a distant corner, and perching himself on it looked rather more uncomf or table than he had done before. Elytra burst out laughing. < If anyone comes through brace mid sees us I wonder what they will think," she said. "Why ? Is there any thing .bo very odd that we — 44 Oh, pray dont say we,' Sir Miles. lam all right, quite like other people, thank yen. sib wtt.ra stood in fbqnt OF ELVI IA 3n awiw-lbd adobatton. " It is you who are odd, perohed up on feat uten! Hfce a naughty boy Who hiss beenrepri- : mauded/1 He laughed, now and did not attempt to : move. 44oite true/'hesaid, " I have been re- primanded, bat I rather like it from yon, please go on. Tell me what I ought to do, and how I ought to behave." Gracious, it would take so long. Yon will require a vast amount of training before ypu are like any otherman." The baronet looked a little crest-fallen for A moment. " Dear me," he murmured, " I am sorry, I juppose vanity has possessed me, but I did not know I was so inferior." " Inferior !" cried Elvira, jumping up from the half-recumbent position from which she had been watching mm out of the corners of her eyes. 44 I did not say you were inferior, I said yon were not like other men. ' 41 Well, surely the inference is that I am therefore inferior to them." 44 Not a bit of it. Yon are quite a different type altogether. I don't feel at all sure that fon are not very superior; anyway, I like pou best as yon are. To change would be to spoilyou." A hot color mounted Sir Miles' large face it these words, accompanied as they were, on SLvira's narl, by a very expressive twinkle in ler pretty eyes. 44 Yon like me as l am," he stammered. 4 Oh, I am so glad." The possibility that Bhe was only amusing herself at his expense never entered his ionest head ; while the sort of shy pleasure sh9 was apparently giving him, instead of (topping her somewhat cruel sport, induced ler to go on with it. 44 Of course I like you, Sir Miles ; you are lot conceited as all the other men are." 44 No, no ; but then, Miss Delane, I have aot much to be conceited about. I shall be hanged from this day, though ; I shall be iwfully conceited." 44 Indeed — what about?" 41 About you having told me that I am lifferent to other men, and therefore that you like me." " >ravo, sir Miles, ycu are eclipsing tnem all to-day in pretty speeches, and I always thought you were too shy to look at, much less to speak to a woman." 44 Oh, Miss Delane, I have always looked at you, and I have no doubt I should have summed up courage to tell you how much I admired you- — only you never gave me the opportunity." 44 And now you have got one, you are de termined to make use of it, eh? Well, I sever expected to hear you say so much." 44 There is a great deal more I could say." He looked so like forthwith making a de- i';aration that she was compelled to stop him. 44 Oh, no !" she cried, 44 not to-day. I shall get quite vain if I have any more admiration at my feet to- day. I have already , hut then, of coarse, you have nothing to do with that, and it is not fair to tell tales to one man about another." So there was another. He sighed, and did not speak for a second or two, then he asked a very leading question. 44 1 wonder which man of all those yon know you like the beat — or whether you really fike anyone ?" 41 1 am going to sleep with my bit of Gertie's wedding cake uuder my pillow for three nights, and, of course, I shall dream of my fate. Four days from now I shall probably be able to answer that question ; that is, if the revelation is not of so thrilling a nature that it will be impossible to make it." 44 Do you really believe in dreams and superstitions?" asked Sir Miles, still terribly iu earnest, notwithstanding her bantering tone. 44 Now I ask you," she answered laughing. 44 would life be worth living without specula tions ? As well speculate on what a bit of cake will reveal as on the stock exchange or a racecourse. Suppose now you ware to try it. If I give you a bit of wedding cake will you put it under your pillow for three nights and tell me your dreams ?" Such folly was most unlike staid, serious, sober-minded Sir Miles, but even the gravest man is weak in the hands of the woman he loves, and_ Sir Miles Berkely had for some time past imagined himself to be very much in love with bright, saucy Elvira Delane. J TO be CONTfiiTTET) . t 