Aquatics. SYDNEY FLYING SQUADRON. The weather on Saturday had little effect on tho attendance at the series of races of the Sydney Flying Squadron, and the smart showers wore not able to damp the ardor of the enthusiastic spectators, while tho com- petitors troubled as much about comfort as sea birds. The steamer Lady Manning was the club' steamer, and there was an attend ance of about 2U0 on board, a noticeable feature being the large ' number of ladies, who took a been interest in the racing, and showed a considerable knowledge 01 boat sailing and th: different boats. The designs on the sails of thn boats, as clearly shown on tho programme certainly rendered it a simple matter to toliow tho movements of the craft without tho eternal queries, " Which is leading now?" "What boat is that?"&c.; As usual a stoppage was made at Clark Island, where t. number went ashore and found shelter in the caves, frotn which a fine view of the race was had. The management left nothing to be dosircd, the officials being most courteous to all on board in supplying programmes and infor mation, and doing everything in their power to promote the comfort of all on''xbeard,- Despite tho drawback of tho weather tho meet wae a groat success. The racing was exciting all through, and the finith with the win of the Volunteer was a bit of most exciting sailing, and hoarty cheers greeted tho plucky and skilful winners. The officials were : Messrs. W. H. Facey and A. Thomas, hou. sees., assisted by Messrs. G. Dew and G. L. Gor don, in general charge ; Mr. G. Donovan, startpr ; Mr. Morgan, judge; Mr. W. G. Griffiths, umpire. The course was from Clark Island, round bnoy in 'l'ayior Bay, round Shark Island, and back to the flag ship Flying Fish at Clark Island. Dotails of tho racing were as follows :— First Heat.— Ethel, 18ft,, 3, Holiings, 34min,, 1 ; Nereid, 18ft., W. H, Golding, 3|min.,2jLadyDufi,24ft., W.Fitzhenry, scr., 3\. Other starters : Stella, 18ft,, J. Smn- merville, 3min.; Esmeralda, 32ft., W. Rcid, lmin.; Cygnot, 18ft., G. Holmes, jun., 3miu. ; Our Boys, 24 f:., H. Langford, ljmin. The wiDd was light from tho soutb-oasi at the start, but proved very flukev. The boats carried topsails and tqttnrcsaiis for the run tol'uylor Bay, but at Bradley'a the wiud headed them, and superfluous sails had to come in. Esmeralda had a bit of bad luck, being made to go about when off Bradley'a by a torpedo boat towing two big working boats. She lost her chance through this. Ethel maintained her start, and got round tho first buoy with a considerable lead from Neieid, with Stella and Cygnet having about a similar distance separating them, ar.u then came Lady Duff and Es meralda, Our Own being apparently out of it. On the stretch to Shark Island the Duff passed Oygnet. Ethel maintained u com- manding lead on the run home, while Noreid and Stella wore sufficiently close, with the Daif coming up well, to make an interosting struggle. Ethel won easily by lmin. 13sec. from Nereid, tho Duff just passing Stella at the post. The finishing litres were :— Ethel, 3hr. COmin. 25sec. ; Nereid, 4hr. Omiu. 38soc. ; Lady Duff, 41ir. Omiu. Slsec, ; Steila, 4hr. Omin. 54sec.; Cygnet, 4hr. 2inin. 35sec. ; Esmeralda, 4hr, 5miu, 25sec,; Our Own, 4hr, Omin. ,8ccond Heat, —Volunteer, 24ft,, Chris, Webb, ocr., 1 ; Young Harry, 24ft., G. R. Parrott, £min., 2 ; Ariel, 18ft., G. Ellis, 2min., 3. Other starters: Ghost, 24ft., Mark Foy, 2mio. ; Olinda, 18it., T. H. Snowdoo, Sfmin, ; Whito Wave, H. C. Pritchard, 34min. The wind was still light from the south-ea9t. Tho principal interest centred in tho big boats, Volunteor and Young Harry. Tho former with ring tail and squarasnii shot past tho Young Harry and making cupital pace she rounded tho Taylor Bay mark a few leugths ahead of Ariel, with Oiinda for company, und thon came Young Harry and Ghost close together. The two latter were undermanned, and wore in consequenco at a disadvantage. Crossing the harbor Volun teer incroascd her lead, while Ariel got away from Olinda, and Young Harry took eccoud place. There was no material change 'in the order of tho leaders, Volun teer: wrntiing by ISsec. from Young Harry, while Ariel and Ghost made a close finish. The finishing times were : — Volnnteer, 4lir. 3'lmin. 35scc, ; Young Harry, 4hr. 31mih. 53sec. ; Ariel, 4br, 34:nin. 20sec. ; Ghost, '4hr. 34min; .53tec. ; Olinda, 4iir. 35min. 5 lsec. ; White Wave, 4hr. 37inin. lOscc.--" , ' TlibFinal,— Yoluntser, 24ft., Chris. Webb, scratch', 1 ; Nereid, 18ft,, W. H. Golding, 3imin,,'"2.; Young Harry; "24ft., G. R. Parrett, £min., 3; Ethel, 18ft., S. Hellmgs, 34min.;'0. This 'Waa'a grandly contested race all throush, and for a long time it looked as if Nereid would secure an easy win ; but with the wind freeliening on the home track- Volunteer's length enabled bier -to . pass the 18-footer. The latter, however, did not relinquish her posi tion without a struggle, and although she had as'ntuch canvas as she could stagger under a big balloon foresail was set, but thiB proved a mistake, and she ran a good chance of giving up second Dlsce through it. Howevor, by careful handling, she was got homo all right, and mude a good finish of about- 4"iin- 1 behind the Volunteer. The latter was skilfully handled, and for a time it/looked as if she woald not do beiter than third prize. First her equaressil carried f away, and or, the close-hauled stretch to Sburk Island Youug Harry ao- peered to be getting away from ber, while Nereid ocaupied so superior a position that she was looked upon as almost a certain winner. Instead of remaining in close quarters with Young Harry the Volunteer made a board iu mid stream, and this was tho saving of her) as she camemut to windward of Young Harry and just missed weathering the buoy by a few feet. Once off the wind she soon decided the fata of Nereid. Ethsl had no show on a wind, especially when the breeze freshened. The finish-was made with a nice south-easter, with sufficient weight in it to cause the boats to speed along with all hands hanging out, tho bright hulis buried in foam. The finishing times were : — Volunteer, 5hr. 20inin; 55see. ; Nereid, 5hr. 21min, 29scc.; Young Harry, '5hr. 22min. 5sec.; Edith, 5hr. 25min. GOiec, . .The. Volunteer takes first prize of £12, Nereid second prize of £5, -and Young Harry third prize of £3. The next race will be sailed on Juuuary 12. . . . 