THE BLUE MASS COMPANY. CALIFORNIA STORY OF EXCEPTIONAL INTEREST. (BY BEET BABTS.) OH&PTFB; X (Oobtikopd), Tba seuntor had ivlrested behind Us bas tion of books again, and was visibly prejiar ing for on assault. lie saw it nil now. Ha bad bean, in some vague way, deluded. Ho liad given confidential uudiuiico to the nieco of one of tlio Great Claimants before eoii gress. The inevitable ox bad come to the grindstone. 'Wliat might not this woman dare ask ot him! Ue was the more implaca ble that be felt bo bad already been prcpos ecsed — and honestly jjrepossessod — in her favor. He was angry with her for Laving pleased Iuul Under the icy polish of bis manner there wert certain Puritan callosities caused by early straight lacing. He was not yet quite freo from his ancestor'.* cheerful ethic* that Nature, as roprtaontcd by an Im pulse, was be much to bo restrained as Order represented by a Quaker. Without apparently noticing his manner, Carmen wont on, with a certain potential freedom of style, gesture and manner scarcely to be indicated in lier mere words, '-You that, what was my adopted country, our motto was 'God mid Liberty.' It was of you, Eir — the great Emancipator — the apostle of that Liberty— the frieud of tho down-trodden and oppressed— that I, as a child, first knew. fn the histories of this great countrv I liavo read of you, 1 have learned your orations. 1 liavo longed to hear you in your own pulpit deliver the creed of jay ancestors. To bear you, of yourself, speak, uh; Mailre de Diosl what shall I say— speak tho oi-ation eloquent — to make ibt; — what vou oall — the debate, that is what 1 have for bo long boped. Eh! Pardon— you are thinlung mo foolisk— wild, elif — a, suiull child ? ek?' *'To hear yon, of yournelf, speak.' Becoming more and more dialectic^] as she went on, she bald suddenly, '-I havo you ot myself olTi'uded. You am mad of me as a bold, bad child I It is soi* The senator, as visibly bGconiing limp and weak again behind biB outrenchnieutfi, man aged to say, 'Oh, no:'1 then 'really]' and finally, 'fh- a-nke!' 'lam here but for a day. I return to Cal ifornia in a dav, as it wore to-morrow. I shall never, never hear you Bpcuk in your place iu the Capitol of this great country r The bonator said hastily that bo feared — he £n f act was convinced — that liis duty during this cession was required more at liio desk, in Ujo committee work, than in speaking, etc, etc. 'All,' Raid Carmen sadly, 'it is true, then, nil this that I have beard. It is true that what they have told me — iliat you hove given up the great party— tbitt your voice is uot longer heard in the old— what you call this— «h— the old iskuesf 'If any one has told you that, Misg D* Hflro,' ltsponded the senator ahai-ply, 'he has spoken foolishly. You have been misin formed ilaylaskwho ? ' 'Ah]1' said Oarnaen, '1 know notl It is in tho air! I am a stranger. Perhaps I am de ceived. But it is of all. I say to them, When Bballlhear him speak? I go day utter day to the Capitol, I watch him— the great einuu ? cipator— but it i* of business, eh f— it is the claim of that one, it is the tax, ehi it is the impost, It in the postofllcc, but it is the great speech of human rights — never, never. I say, 'How arrives aU thisC And some say, and Bttoku their heads, 'Never acftin he speaks.* Ho is what you call 'played— y at, it it, ao, eb? ? played out.' I know it not— it in a word I f\\-m OUa-bull, |Jt-l Uiijjs I lucj i3»j uc i inn ? eh, I speak not the English well— the party he has shaken, 'shook' — yes — he has the party ?shaken,1 eh? It is right— it is the language of Bos-ton, sbr* 'Permit mo to soy, Miss De Haro,' re turned the senator, rising with some asperity, **tiiat you soein to have been unfortunate in tout selection of acquaintances, and still more so in your i-lcas of ths derivations of the English tongue. The— er-M-he— er— ex- pressions you hove quoti?d iu*o not common to Boston, but emanate, I believe, from the Carmen D© Haro contritely buried every thing but her black eyes in her shawl. ting down again, 'has tho right to forecast from my past what I intend to do in the f u- eerve the principles I hold or the part}- I rep resent. Those are my functions. At the same time should occasion or opportunity — for wo axe within a day or two of the close 0t the session ? ' 'Yes,' interrupted Carmen sadly, 'I we lt will ho some business, some chum, som.fr thinjj for somebody— ab I Madre tie Dioa— you will not speak, and 1 ? ' 'When do you think of returning?' asked the senator, vriili grave politeness; liwhen ar» we to lose- you i' :^j.. is3 'I ihall Btay to the last— to the end of th« session,'1 said Carmen. ''And now 1 shall go.' She got up and pullad her ehawl viciously over her shoulders, with n jjretty pettishnmii, perhaps the racwt feminine thing she i''^ douu that evening. Possibly, the aoBt genuine. The Bcnator smiled affably: 'You do not diserre to be disapj-ointed in either cose ; but it is hiter than you imagine; let niu help you on the shorter distance in my carriage; it im at the door,' He accompanied her crovoly to the car riage. As it rolled awuy she buried her Jlttla figure in its ample cushions and chuckled to herself, *Ubcit a little hysterically. When Ehe had reached hor destination she found herself crying, and hastily, and somewhat angrily, dried hor fyes as she drew up at the door of her lodgings. 'How hove you prospered?' asked Mr. Her Jowe, or counsel iui- Royal Thatcher, as ha gallantly assisted her from the carriage. 'I have beon waiting hero for two hours; your Interview must hare been prolonged— that was a good sign.' 'Don't ask me now,' said Carmen, a little ?avagely, 'I'm worn out and tired.* wMr. Harlowe bowed. 'I trust you wilJ bo bettor to-morrow, for we expect our friend, Mr. Thatcher.' Carmen'* brown cheek 6ushcd slightly. 'He should have been hero before. IV here ifi be! What was he doing?' 'He was snowed up on the plains. He Is coming as fast as steam **Htl carry him ; but bo may be too late.' Carmen did not reply. The lawyer lingered. 'How did you find thB great New Eugland senator?' he asked, with a slight professional lex'ity. Carmen was tir&J;, Carmen was worried, Carmen was a little solf-rcproachful, and she frinriipH easily. Consequently shs said, i;ily: 'I found him a gentleman !' CHArTER XI. BOW IT BSOAWE EK FINISH ED BUEI17ESS, The closing ofthe — tongreGawa.snotnn* Jike the ctosiag oi Cbe Mrerel preceding con unpractical haste; the same hurried, unjust and utterly iuadpquato adjustment of uufln iahed, iU-digested business, that would not have been tolerated tor a moment by the sovereign people in any private interest they con troled. There were frauds rushed through; there were long-sinTering, righteous demands Ehelved ; there were honest, unpaid debts dis honored by scant appropriations; there were closing scenes which only the saving sense of American humor kept from being utterly vile. The actors, the legislators themselves, knew it, aud laughed at it ; the commentators, tbe press, knew it and laughed at it; tho audience, the groat American people, knew it and laughed at it. And nobody for on in stant conceived that it ever, under any cir cumstances, might be otherwise. Tits claim of Hoscosuqoh was itmong the unfinished business. The claimant himself, haggard, pathetic, importune and obstinate, was among tho unfinished business. Various congressmen, more or less interested in the successor tho claim, were among the unfin ished business. The member from Fresno, who had changed his derringer for a speech against the claimant, was among the uiiiin isl :A bubim*s. Tin.- gifted Goshwiler, uneasy in his soul over certain other unfinished busi ness in the thfipe of his missing letters, but dropping oil and honey as he mingled with his brothers, was king of misrule and lord of the unfinished business. Pretty Mi's. Hopldn son, prudently escorted by her husband, but imprudently ogled by admiring congressmen, lent the charm of her presence to the finishing of unfinished business. One or two editors, who had dreams of a finished financial busi ness, arising out of unflnish'-d business, vrero there also, like ancient bards, to record with paean or threnody the completion of unfin ished business. Various unclean birds, scent Lig currion in unfinished business, hovonxl in the halls or rousted in the lobby. Tho lower house, under tho tutelage of the gifted Ga&lnril-;?r, drank deeply of Roscom mou and his intoxicating claim, and passed the half -empty bottle to the senate as unfin ished business- But, alas! in tho very i-uBh, and Btorm, und tempost of the unflnishiug business, an unlook«d-for Interruption arose in the person of a great senator whoso power none could oppose, whose right to free and extended utterance at all times none could gainsay. A claim for poultry, violently seized by the army of Sherman during hii march through Georgia, from the hencoop of an alleged loyal Irishman, opened a constitu tional question, aud with it tho lips of the For seven hours he spoke eloquently, earn estly, convincingly. For seven hours the old issues of party nnd policy were severally tutan up aud dismissed in the old forcible rhe toric that had early nmde him famous. Inter ruptions from other senators, now forgetful ol uniiiuihod business, and wild with reani matod. partv zoal: inten'U]ylioi)6 from certain senators mindful of unfinished business and unable to pass tho Itoscomiuon bottle, only spurred him to frcsb cieiiiion. Thy tocsin sounded in the senate was heard in tho lower house, Highly excited members congregated at tho doors of tLo senate and loft unfinitihed bubiimss to take caro of itself. Left to itavlf for seven hours, unfinished business gnashed its false teoth and tore its wig in impotent fury in corridor and halL For sorcii hours the gifted Gosuwiler had con tinued the mauufacturo o£ oil aud honty, whose sivectne£6, however, was slowly palling upon tho conp-easicnal lip; for 6oven hours Roscomnion and friends beat ?with impatient feet ihu lobby and shoot fisl£, moiu or less uiicolorod, at the distuiguislii.'d senctor. For seven h'^ure tho one or two editors were obliged to sit and calnjy eompiinif nt thu groat speocb which that night flushod over tho wires of a continent with the old electric thrill. And, worse than till, they were obliged to record with it the closing of the ? congress, with more than tho usunl amount of unflnished A little group of friendfi surrounded the great seuntor with hymns of praise and con gratulations. Old advcrsariis saluted him courteously as they jjaaed by with the re shuwl (irawu over her hboulders, and held with one small brown baud, approached him timidly: ?I speak not the English well,' ehe said gently, t(but I have read much. I have read iu the plays of your Shakespeare. I would me \o nay Co you tuo woruo oi riusuiinu to Oibmdo when he did light: 'Sir, you have wrestled well, and hiivo overthrown more than your enemies.1 ' And with these words the wob gone. Yet not so quickly but thnt pretty* Mrs. HopUinson, coming — as Victxis always comes to Victor, to thank tbe great senator, albeit tho faces of her escorts wero shrouded in gloom — saw the shawled figure disappear. 'There,'' aba said, pinching Wiles miscbier af raid of. Look at her. Look at that dress. Ah, heavene! look at that shawl I Didn't I U.-11 you she had no Etylef' 'Who ii. hho'r' Hoid Wiles Eullonly. 'Carmen de Haro, of course,'1 said the lady viraoiously. 'What are you hurrying away so for; You're absolutuly pulling me along.' Sir. Wiles had just caught sight of the trav;l-Tvorn lace of Royal Thatcher among the crowd that thro:iged tho staircase. Thatcher appeared pule and distrait; Mr. Harlowe, hie counsel, at his side, rallied him. '?JTo one wouM flifnlr vou had just got u new lease of your property, and escaped a great swindle. What's the matter with you? Miss do Haro passed us just now. It was she who spoke to tho senator. 'Why did you not rot-ogiuze her?' '1 was thinking.' said Thatcher gloomily. 'Wi.ll, you take tuingi coolly! And cer tainly von ore not very demonstrative to wards the woman who saved you to-day. tliat sjwh uut\\.f the senator.'1 about to git-ct her with muigled pleasure and cnibari-iL«s-iioi)i. 1'ut ho had heard her com pliment to tht ri!?)iatoi', mid this sti'Ong, pro U-f ore had no thought beyond liis projwrty, was now thinking more of that compliment to another tli^u of his success; aud wuu bo hun, the lawyer who stood beside him, and cwa tho JitUu liguiT tbnt hod ti'ipped down CHAPTKll Jl. K inconsUtent with S Royal Thatcher's E e mlinrrasai jieiit an d I sensitiveness that S he should, on leav l ing the Capitol, W order a carriage J and drive directly to the lodginge at Miss De Haro. That ob finding she was not at home, he should become again RuUcy and suspicious, und even be ashamed of the honest impulse that led him there, was, I suppose, manlike and natural. He felt thnt he had done all that courtesy re quired ; he had promptly answered her dis patch with bis presence. If Bhe chose to bo aboant at such a momeut, he had at least done his«iuty. In short, there was scarcely any absui'ility of the imagination which this once praciical man did not permit himself to in dulge in, yot- always with ti certain conscious ness that ho was allowing his feelings to run away with Imn— a foct that did not tend to make huii better humored, and rather in L-b'ned him to piano the responsibility of the elopement on bomebody else. If Miss Do Haro had been home, etc, etc,, and pot going into ecstocies over speeches, etc., etc., and had attended to iiej-bUBine6ti, «,, belnj ex actly what ha had supposed her to be— all this would uot have happened. I am aware that tins will not heighten the reader's respect for my hero. But 1 fancy that tbo imperceptible progress of a sincere passion in the matured strong man ia apt to be marked with even more than the usual haste and absurdity of callous youth.. Tbe fever that runs riot in the veins of the robust Is apt to pass your ailing weakling by. Possi bly there may be some immunity in Inocula tion. It is Lothario who is always selfpos sessed and does aud says the right thing, while poor honest Calebs becomes ridiculoui with genuine emotion. He rejoined his lawyer in no very gracious mood. The chambers occupied by Mr. Bar lows were in the basement of a private dwell ing once occupied and made historic by au Honorable Somebody, who, however, was remembered only by the landlord and the last tenant. There were various shelves fn the walls divided into ivirppn rfmn unfa, (sarcasti cally know as 'pigeon holes,' in which the dovu of peace had never rested, but which still perpetuated hi their legends the feuds and animosities of suitors now but common dust together. There was a portrait, appar ently of a cherub, which on nearer inspec tion turned out to be a famous TfoeHuh lord chancellor in hifi flowing wig. There were books with dreary, unenlivening titles— ego- tistic always, as recording Smith's opinions on this and Jones' commentaries on that. There was a handbill tacked on the walL which at first offered hilarious suggestions of a circus or a steamboat excursion, but which turned out only to be a eheriiTs sale. There were several oddly shaped packages In news paper wrappings, mysterious and awful in dark corners, thnt might have contained for gotten law papers or tiie previous week's washing of the eminent counsel. There were one or two newspapers, which at first offered entertaining prospects to the waiting client, but always proved to be a law record or .t supreme court decision. There was the hut of a late distinguished jurist, whioh appar ently had never been dusted since he himself became dust, and hod already grown a per ceptibly dusty mustache on his severely judi cial upper lip. It vob a cheerless place to the sunshine of day; at night, when it ought by every suggestion of its dusty post to have been left to tho vengeful ghosts, the greater part of whose hopes and passions were re corded and gathered there ; when in the dark the dead hands of forgotten men wero stretched from then* dusty graves to fumbte once znore for their old tiUe deeds; at night, when it was lit up by flaring gaslight, the hollow mockery of this dissipation was so ap parent that people i.i the streets, looking through the iUununat *d windows, felt as if the privacy of a family vault had been in truded upon by body-snatchers. Royal Thatcher glanced around'ttie'room, took in all its dreary suggestions in a half weary, half induTeeent sort of way, and dropped into the lawyer1* own revolving chair as that gentleman entered from the ad 'Well, you got back soon, I see,' said Hot lowo briskly. i;Yes,r said his client, without looking up, and with tlus notable distinction between himself and all other previous cliente, that he seemed absolutely less interested than the lawyer. 'Yes, I'm here; and, upon my soul, I don't exactly know why.' 'You told mo of certain papers you had discovered,' said the lawyer suggestively. 'Oh, yes,' returned Thatcher with a slight yawn. 'I've got here some papers some where'— he began to feej in his coat pocket languidly — 'but, by the way, this is a rather dreary and God-forsaken sort of placel Let's go up to Wolcker's, and you can look at them over a bottle of champagne.' 'After I've looked at them, Tve aomothhig to show you, myself,' said Ilarlowe; 'and as for the champugno, we'll have that in the other room, by and by. At present I want to have my head clear, and yours too — if you'll oblige me by becoming sufficiently In terested in your own affairs to talk to me about them.' (To Is concluded.') 