CJhostseers in Sydney. In Sydney, Now South Wales, there have j been for some time past proceeding a number of alleged materialisations of spirits. The Sydney ghosts are not of the orthodox character, which come uncalled, and in the dead waste ' and middle of the night do liorridlv fill nlm nnv rHsnnKi+innK tvitli tlinno-Tits beyond the reaches of our souls. The local phantoms are as we say materialised spirits, brought forth by the agency of a medium. For many -weeks past several of tho Sydney papers have given particulars of seances at which these materialisations have appeared, and in the first number of a new monthly magazine, as our readers will remember, photographs of the spirits were reproduced. Two of our metropolitan daily contemporaries on Friday gave an account of tho latest of these seances, which seems to have been made memorable for what a sceptic would call exposure of trickery.' The tine was Friday,* October 12 ; the place was a room in the medium's house in Waverley road ; the lights in the back portion of the apartment were extinguished, and one light in front was dimly burning. It is explained by tho high priests of these mysteries that tlio materialised spirits are shy ; the glare of light is offensive to them ; and the medium by virtue of whose powers they appear and who is physically re duced by their appearance, cannot spare the additional force which would be needed to overcome the spirit's objection to light. And further it is alleged that spirits' sensitiveness to light is small compared with their sensitive ness to doubt, and hence the most notable manifestations are those at which be lievers alone are present. The afore said sceptic would naturally remark upon these explanations, that if there be trickery, the conditions of semi-darkness and the presence of the credulous only, lend themselves to it. To retin-n tr- the seance : before a darkened comer of the room hung a curtain, behind which the medium was en sconced. The company of eighteen ladies and gentlemen, seated in a double semi-circle, joined hands and began to sing. Presently a tall, dark, shadowy form appeared from be tween the curtains and emerged a little distance into the room. When it retired, two other forms came out, and at last a spirit emerged, well known to the sitters as ' Cissy.' She is a black child it seems, fond of chocolate creams, and a box -was given her, whence she afterwards dispensed the sweetmeat to her favourites in the circle. But one bold, bad man who besought a lolly, was refused, and presently the reason why came out. He was not a believer, and was there determined to investigate in a fashion differing from those of the credulous among the sitters. He made a pretext to approach the spirit, and suddenly seized it by the shoulders. He fonnd himself clasping the medium, who was on her knees. A confederate struck a match and lighted the gas, and then, as the investigator avers, the medium was seen barefooted, -with a black mask on her face, aud white muslin draped about her shoulders. In the cabinet he saw at the same time a black beard similar to that worn by a spirit named ' Geordie.' This beard a gentleman in the company took up, but it was immediately snatched from his hand. The investigator released the medium, and tlie drapery and mask were instantly hidden beneath her clothing, but searching the ' cabinet,' he found a pair of shoes and stockings, some old muslin, a small cotton bag, and a black shawl, identified as a garment worn by one of the ' spirits.' Now we come to the medium's explanation of these phenomena. After describing the earlier materialisations, she reached tho point at which_ the sceptic seized the form of ' Cissy.' Part of her being was in the form, she said, and. when it was taken hold of she fell off her chair on her knees ; she seemed to slioot forward and absorb the form, and thus the investigator had hold of her. ' These forms are made up,' she went oil to say, ' of atoms and particulars from the atmosphere, and from those in the circle, combined with the ' nei've aura ' and ' life essence ' of the medium ; and if anything' inter feres 'with the form, which is really part of the medium, it must necessarily hurt the medium, and will draw tho medium into the form.' Surely our readers will give tho medium 'credit' for ingenuity of explanation. Not less ingeniously are the bare - feet accounted for. 'Cissy' was awaro of the inharmonious pre sence of the sceptic, and consequently— as she told the medium at a subsequent seance — sho and her spirit friends resolved to draw most of the power from the medium's lower extremi ties. Thus tlie medium's legs — we apologise for mentioning them — became so attenuated (she says ' almost like sticks') that her shoes and stockings fell off. As for the drapery, it was not hidden, but disappeared by de-materialisation, vanished liko vapour into the atmosphere, and the existence of a black mask and a black beard is denied, likewise of muslin and a black shawl. Since the account of' the ex posure appeared thero have been columns of controversial correspondence in .tho papers, between believers aud sceptics, and tho medium remains under a pledge to submit as soon as lier bodily health will allow, to a test exhibition of her powers. Tho story needs 110 comment — it is eloquent without any observation of ours ; and wo have no doubt our readers will make up their minds about tho real cliaractor ; of these alleged spirit materialisations. ? 