HOW THE WORLD WAGS. Bear Quiz—Surely South Australia's climate must have a woefully deteri orating effect on the teeth, or how is it that so many dentists flourish (or appear to flourish) in our midst ? My object in writing, however, is to enquire whether something cannot be done to put down unqualified men. I am a freetrader, but I draw the line at freetrade in the healing art and in tooth drawing. "When a man with the physique of a blacksmith (I was going to add, and the manners, only that would be rough on the son of Vulcan, who is most frequently a decent fellow) goes in for dentistry I tremble for the jaws of the rising generation.—Yours, Molar. J. C. F. Johnson, M.P., known as the Alphabetical, is very little heard in the Assembly nowadays. He occa sionally interjects when a labor member is speaking, but his capacity for long speeches seems to be exhausted. J. C. F. used to be capital company before be acquired money and became irritable. He was always fond of sing ing, and was a by no means bad actor. As a writer he was a humorist of the Mark Twain order. When he was in the Northern Territory with his Private Secretary, Johnson did not devote all his time to rooting out departmental abuses. He used to sing " Widdy Machree" after dinner parties, the Private Secretary playing the accom paniments, and sometimes the voices of Minister and Secretary would blend in " Larboard Watch" and " All's Well." Quiz wonders whether J. C. F. ever sings now, or whether like his erstwhile Secretary he has found his top notes leaving him and has declined to commit himself to any thing in a lower register. Heigho. public life effects many changes. * * •* Kirkpatrick, M.L.C., having been a compositor is, never at a loss for phrases When called to order for speaking of the hypocrisy of Ebenezer Ward, he substituted the word "duplicity." That term being equally unparliamentary Kirk, contented himself with "mis representation." But what a farce is the withdrawing of words at the order of the President or Speaker. Quiz remembers a certain member of Parliament referring to the statement of another member as a lie. He was promptly called to order and told that he must take back the opprobrious epithet. " Then, sir," said he, " I will not accuse the hon. member of having told a lie, nor will I express regret that any member of this honor able house should ever give utterance to that which he knows to be untrue. But, sir, I will say that there are in this house members whose manner of approaching the truth is certainly circumlocutory." This passed the Speaker all right, but what was the difference after all ? Within the last eighteen years Quiz can only recollect two occasions when the reporters were excluded from the House of Assembly. The most im portant occasion was when John Colton was moving the second reading of his Social Purity Bill. Someone— was it Rowley Rees ?—called attention to the presence of strangers, and im mediately the galleries were cleared of spectators and pressmen. The reporters adjourned to their room below the gallery and played euchre until they wore summoned back to the House. One of the papers by dint of inter viewing different members managed to get a very fair summary of what transpired in the absence of the short hand writers, and this showed how absolutely ridiculous was the expulsion. In Canada the reporters were once kicked out of Parliament, and they went and enjoyed themselves at a neighboring hotel. When requested to return they refused to do so, and Parliament had to shut up! The lesson was salutary, for the press was never afterwards shunted, and the event was celebrated by an annual dinner thenceforth. * It's unco queer thot in the war! we eanna be quite comfortable at ony time. Maister Pope kenned thot gey weel whan he wrote—" Man never is, bnt always to be blest." Noo, the ither mornin' I'd hed a gude break fas' (parritch an' a'), an' ma new ralgie wis jist weel, an' the sun wis shinin', an' it wis nae ower het nor cauld, boot still I cudna be com fortable, an' whut dae ye think wis the maitter ava ? Weel, it wis jist this : It wis past nine o' the clock an' ma Quiz wis nae cam. It mindet me o' the auld tale o' the gudewife wha wis congratulated on the pro sperous marritch med by her dochter. (t Yis," sis she, " Jeannie hes dune richfc weel, an' hes gran' plenshin', an' her mon jist worships the groun' she steps on. 'Tis true she jist hates her mon, boot then there's a'ways some thin', ye ken.—Donald MacPherson. " Cicero's Ghost," who has probably only just left school, and is now patiently waiting for his moustache to grow, takes up the cause of the Register on what looks suspiciously like reporting paper. The subject of his observations is the Demosthenes and Cicero episode, and he says—"As a matter of fact Demosthenes died 216 years before Cicero was born, which is the only correct way of putting it. Of course you will neither correct the error you in your turn foolishly made, apologise to the Register, nor (sic) publish this." And of course Quiz does everything but apologise to the Register. As he remarked last week, all papers make mistakes, and he in his calculations got mixed up with the b.c. dates. " Cicero's ghost" could not get mixed, because it is a very easy matter, com paratively speaking, to write from dictation. But he is young and innocent. When that moustache has grown he will probably be heard spouting at the Young Men's Societies' meetings, and Quiz is quite certain that he will reduce the reputation of Demosthenes and Cicero as orators very considerably. Write again, dear " Ghost." A funny man nowadays is as rare as an oyster in oyster soup at a sixpenny restauiant. The Military Vote. [By Private.] They're cutting down the soldiers, and they're cutting down the screw, They're offering our warship to the Japs; They're pretending that there's nothing for a soldier cove to do, And that there ain't no chance of war's mishaps. But only let the whisper come that Russia's on the move, You'll find our citizens will loose their hair, And Sergeant Charlie Kingston will endeavor hard to prove That he was not the cause of martial scare. And the cry then will be, " Who'll 'list, 'list, 'list." Bat the present boys will be missed, missed, missed; And they'll shout to Premier Charley, " You must meet the foe with parley, Or must double up the Russian with your list, fist, fist." * * Prince Charles Theodore of Bavaria is said to be one of the first oculists j in the world. This is most gratifying I news. Princes, as a rule, are chiefly noted for their flirtations with ladies of the ballet and their capacity for consuming champagne and smoking j cigars at someone else's expense. When one of their number adopts a useful profession there is hope for \ even Princes after all. * An American tombstone inscrip tion— Stranger! I guess you're near the bones Of Ezra Nehemiah Jones. Out of this grave he does not get Till the last trumpet sounds, you bet. The late Marquis of Ailesbury was the son of Lady Evelyn Bruce and George Bruce, the latter of whom was known as "The Duffer." When the child was born one of the leading bill discounters of London was at the Bruce's house, and "The Duffer," taking the youngster out of its nurse's arms, remarked to the usurer, " Look at the little dear! How much will you lend me on the young rascal ?" When the Marquis's father was dying in Corsica a friend went to see him, and found a huge brass crucifix lying on his bed. " Hulloa! What does this mean V he asked. " Hedging, by jove ! Hedging !" gasped the-" Duffer, clutching the crucifix. * The Earl of Buchan, who has recently been made a bankrupt over a bill for £140, which he accepted for the accommodation of his second son, the Hon. Albany Erskine, began life as a jockey in order to earn his own living, as his father would not make him an allowance. He sucoeeded to the earldom and the entailed estates in 1857, and was then over head and ears in debt. Lord Euchan, who is now 78 years of age, has been recently living in a furnished house, the rent of which, <£200 a year, is paid by his son, Lord Cardross. The old gentle man is not entitled to a seat in the House of Lords. I'm na ane o' those wha's a'ways presen' at the openin' o' pairlamen's, an' Picture Galleries, an' the un veilin' o' statues, an' siclike (writes Donald MacPherson), sae it wis nae ontil Monda' thot I gaed tae tak' a keek at thot statue o' the Queen intil Victoria Square. Comin' down frae the north tae it, it appeared tae me as gin it wis nae pit straicht on the pedestal, boot whan I gaed nigher I fand it wis the tail o' the goon wis braucht forward on thot side. Weel, I fand a gude mony folk roun', an' a' o' them were haverin' aboot it, ane I hard sis—" I'm no thinkin' muckle o't ony wey, it's no 4 art.'" Anither sis tae him—" Thot's whaur ye're wrang, Jock, ma mon; it maun be art, fer it's no like natureThen a mon nearby sis—" Whut's the letters R.I. fer ony wey ?" "Thot means c Queen and Empress,' sis anither felly thot luikit like till a schule maister. "Bedad," sis an Irishman c they can't spell, fer thot 41.' wud be all right fer Impress, yet to spell Quane wi' a ' It' wud bang Banagher, an' thot bate the devil." Then a wee blakmon sis—"It's a peety they'd nae leave room for the letter P." An' the Irishmen gaed clean wud, an' cried to him—"What's thot, ye miserable apology fer a mon, do ye mane our Queen is a Rip?" "Na, na," sis the ither, " I wis on'y meanin' thot whan she dee'd 'twad mak' it a braw tombstane fer her." An' then he'd tae explain thot R. and I. stude for the Latin fer Queen an' Empress^ an' thot R.I.P. wad be the Latin fer " Rest in peace." Weel, I cam' awa'! an' let' them a' tae their argie bargie, boot noo I'll gie ye ma ain opineen, an' thot's a'ways worth hearin'. The statue frae the fron' is a gran' figure, wi' the dignity ye'd expec' in a queen, an' the error o' makin' the figure ower young wis escaped; boot the face, whilk is a'tegither unlike tae ony picture or photograph o' Queen Vic toria I hae seen, is a muckle sicht ower young fer the figure. Whan I gaed roun' tae the back o' the statue, whilk is tae the South, I wis muckle disapp'inted, fer there's neither grace nor beauty in till't, an' it's quite un worthy o' the fron' view. It's jist a shapeless auld body, wi' a bit shawlie ower her auld heid. Takin' a glint back as I gaed awa', I wis struck wi' the fac' that the representative1 o' the Empire's Majesty an law sud hae her back turn't tae the Law Courts, an' wis lookin' north, as gin she'd nae min' tae stay, boot wis aff hame agen afore lang. Wha wis the Kurnel thot cudna tak' command o' his regiment at the unveilin'. on Saturday. I hard there wis ane an' he cudna manage his bit powney, sae the comman' fell tae the adjutant, wha'wis the youngest Captain o' them a' in the regiment, an' a be cause he wis the on'y ane there wi' a horse, an' he cud ride it tae. Ae mon sis tae me, gin they were unner fire the noo whut wud be sed o' the commander, whut cudna manage his men because he cudna manage his horse ava. v v ^ All sorts of schemes are being devised by our rich men to avoid the payment of probate and succession duties to the State. Deeds of gift are a popular form, but one has to be very sure of his friends before resorting to such an expedient. The friend might not choose to give up the good thing when the time came. It is not so very many years since a wealthy man conveyed his property by deed to his son, and it looked as if the State would suffer. But unfortunately for the success of the plan the son died first and the Treasury got its dues. By the-way, it is said that a gentleman who is reputed to be a millionaire is lying at the point of death. If he should shuffle off during the next nine months, wont members of the Opposi tion be incensed. "Just Holder's luck," they will exclaim. A certain public man noted for his ruggedness of aspect and of speech is reported to have once more entered into the bonds of matrimony, the lady being very many years his junior. The ways of marriage are so devious that one can never be sure of one's friends. It was only the other day that Quiz heard of a young girl who having been jilted resolved to accept the first man who proposed to her, and she did, although the union did not perhaps on the surface present many advan tages. But this, of course, is apropos of nothing in particular, and so far as the public man is concerned he has Quiz's congratulations, if he chooses to accept them. An Adelaide man who tramped it from Perth to Coolgardie, and who has since struck good gold at Kurnalpi, writes that he met with a queer lot of new chums on the line of march. They were quite unaccustomed to roughing it, and must have suffered great agony on the journey. Some of them took off their boots, and as a result next morning they found that their feet had swollen so much that their usual coverings were useless. The poor devils thereupon tore up their blankets, tied the pieces round their feet, and resumed their walk. They deserved to get gold after this, but, rich as Coolgardie is, the place is a lottery. There are many prizes, but there must be a great many more blanks. * * * Nature is kind to the inferior animals and reptiles. The camel can store up refresh uaent in its internal economy, and can thus face the desert with impunity. The members of the Horn Exploration Expedition came across in the interior the much talked of frog which, as the dry season approaches, fills its cavernous capacity with water, buries itself in a claypan, and goes to sleep until the rainy season arrives. But man, miserable creature, is not able to make any such provision. He must remain perennially dry. There is no storing up process for him. And the price of liquors is going up. What an opportunity is lost! If it were possible, Soakington might, now that beer is only threepence a pint, take in a good stock and then quietly lay him down to sleep until such time as Ebenezer Ward became Treasurer of South Australia and took immediate action to remove the excise duty on beer ! * * The officials in the Adelaide Town Hall are proverbially long suffering, but they were roused to exasperation one morning last week. A leading light was practising on the grand organ, running over the same thing hour after hour with wearisome monotony. In the offices underneath, as time went by the look of placid resignation on the faces of the clerks gradually gave way to anger, anger being replaced by desperation ; till at length one of them with a wild yell of despair seized his quill and wrote thusly :—" Will the gentleman operat ing on the grand organ have a little consideration for the officials in the offices below. They would feel grateful if he would be content with practising each bar of music one dozen times only, instead of one gross. The officials wish to emphasize the fact that they have no special desire to make too early an entrance to the philanthropic institu tion located at Parkside." The services of the office boy were called into re quisition to deliver the missive, with the result that full steam was turned off, the double diapasons belched forth no more, and silence reigned supreme. The countenances of the clerks regained their normal expressions, and nothing disturbed the silence of the office save the ticking of the clock and the sooth ing scratching of the punctilious pens. ❖ * * Would it not be a wise thing in the case of all public companies to appoint as directors men who did not hold any shares therein ? You will say, perhaps, that the mere possession of shares is a guarantee tha t the company will be well looked after. But is that the result of our experience? Do not directors have special advantages of getting rid of their shares, and have they not adopted these in quite a number of cases in the past % If practical men were appointed to the directorate at a fixed salary, and were prohibited from holding shares, there would be a better chance of mines being made to produce the wealth they contain. * * * Eb. Ward, well-known to all of us, known in every pub in town, Hasn't been on smiling terms* like since Kirkpatrick took 'im down ; Looks a kinder broken-hearted, ses Vs goin' off Vs feed, Wears Vs 'at down on Vs eyebrows, looks as if Vd gone ter seed. Ses Vs fallin' all ter pieces, like a broken Chinee jar, And Vs langwidge is permiskus wen 'e stan's up at the bar. Chorus— You should 'ave seen 'im at Parlyment, a torking and a roarin' at the 'Ouse, Now Vs as pale as any bloomin' corpse, sits about as quiet as a mouse ; No more cheek an' impedence, 'e even don't say " Bah," Since Kirk, let out that Ebby Ward got tight, w'y—'E Dunno Were 'E Are ! * R. S. Smythe ought not to allow Dr. Talmage to lecture on " The bright side of things" in Adelaide. Smythe does not think that Adelaide has a bright side, seeing that he cannot get the Town Hall or the Jubilee Exhibition Building for the purpose of the American pulpit thumper's lectures. * * * Ailerdale Grainger, who is becoming more and more vigorous, and whose personal remarks are uttered without regard to the victim's feelings, says that Treasurer Holder looks like a financial undertaker. If personalities are to be allowed Allerdale's elongated proportions are not likely to pass without comment. But though the long member for Wallaroo • is snappy and bad tempered he does not mind being the subject of an attack. In fact he would grow blue mouldy if he were not hitting out at some one or himself being hit. When two obstinate pugnacious men like Grainger and Kingston are at loggerheads there is bound to be trouble, and we haven't had the worst of it yet by any means. Allerdale is able, but he can nag like a woman. * * * Dear Quiz—Are not all the parsons engaged in the hunt for dollars ? Look at Tailmage and McNeill—well, perhaps the latter is only a notoriety pot hunter. But it makes me tired when the gospel sharps preach the doctrine of patience and submission to hungry, weary men. Are they patient and are they sub missive ? Are they not provided with certain billets ? Have they ever known what it ife to be hungry % Do they not get i hree good meals every day of their life ? If they get weary are they not sent away for a holiday ? And are they not provided for in their old age ? Patience ! I could be patient if I had always got work and knew that I should be paid for doing it.—Yours, Sundowner. * * ^ [Per Telephone.] " I say. Miss Mac, did you think that I had deserted you altogether? Not at all. I shall occasionally re quire your kind services. Can you tell me why Talmage should prove one of the most humorous lecturers who ever visited Adelaide ? Give it up ? Well, because De Witt is inseparable from his name. See it ? That's an im promptu. Here's another. What would be the greatest act of contempt of Court possible in South Australia ? Give that up too ? Why, if Symon went out of his Way to put his fingers on his Boko. Don't you pass that on to Tommy Hudson. That's all I've got for you this week, Miss Mac, but next Monday I'll ring you up, and you shall wring some more conundrums out of me. Good-bye." ^ I'm thinkin' thot it's quite easy tae loot ane's loyalty rin awa wi' ane an' sacrifice ane's patriotism. Noo, I hard thot a denner was gied oot at Norwood tae the team o' Essendon futba'ers, whan they were here a wee while syne, an' amang ither guests wis a certain gentleman wha wad at ae time hae been mair nor wee affected by the beer tax. Weel, this gentleman wis muckle shocked tae find thot " the Queen" wis lef' out frae the toast lis', an' in deference tae him the toast wis honored, boot whan they a' were jist aboot tae gang awa hame he fand thot instead o' singin' " God Save the Queen" they were gaun tae hae the " Sang o' Australia," as is noo the fashion, an' sae he objected agen, an' tauld the mon at the pianny tae play " God Save the Queen," boot anither felly gar'd him play the " Sang o' Australia." an' I hard some wis singin' ane an' ithers the ither, an' the result wisna verra gran' ava.— -Donald MacPherson. 