NOVEL, A Pacific Encounter ...? BX - ' MARY ?%.: STiCKNEY. CHAPTER V. (continued.) ' Thai is all woll enough as far as it goes ; but one would somotimos liko a little justice from other pooplo. I snap my nugora and s.'iy I don't uaro what tho world says of mo, but of u sudden somothing f etohes mo up -short with the consciousness that I do earo horribly. Now, for instance, I cannot help kiimring that you aro prejudiced against mo from tho talk you liavo heard ; and 1 don't liko it.' ' Oh, no,' sho hurriedly protested. ' Oh, yes,' he retorted, with a eort of sad playfulness. 'And it oomos hard, Miss Malcolm, for I don't mind admitting that I am awfully anxious to havo you think woll of mo,' with that daring glance of tender uppoul that had stirred many a gontlo heart to quicker beating. ' But ouo thing I aslc ' bunding toward her persuasively : ' givo mo timo. Wail until you really know mo, and thon judgo mo for yoursolf. You can know mo, if yon will, bnttor than any of tlioni: — won't you ? and, until you do, will you not tako mo a littlo bit on trust ? Will you not ho as kind tonio as you can until you uuderstaud mo well onough to do mo iiwHooI' 'I had not thought of being unkind,' murmured Betty, ovusivoly, plaiting her luindkorchief in a pretty confusion. ' Not to bo unkind : that is a moro noga tivo coitoassiou ; and I want so muoh !' ho swiftly rotortud, with a sort of repressed volioiiionoo. ' But everything soonm against mo! Evon if you aro disposed to bo sweot and kind yoursolf —as I almost think you are -I oaanot Uolp knowing that Ruport stands roady to say what ho can to turn you against mo. And I had supposed that ho was rather a friend of iniuo, too,' with a fine show of scorn ; ' but now, somoway, I know that ho has gono over to tho majority ! Of courso I can guoss now what has caused the sudden chaiigo,' ho uddod, after a moment's pause, flashing a glanco of bold moaning into tho brown eyes inquiringly uplifted: 'in away, I don't blumo him,' his voico dropping to a softer koy as ho daringly addod, ' to toll tho truth, I am a bit jenlons of him !' ' But this is all nonsense !' tho girl hastily pi.itested, blushing rosily. 'Mr. Bupert lias never said a word in disparagement of you.' ' Has ho not ?' showing his oven white tooth in his fino frank smilo now touched with a; pealing sadness, Thoro was a sort of seraphio swoetness about that smilo of Diok Hiizelton's, a look of evangelical purity in his meek blue eyes, whon ho chose to assume tlu expression, that might deceive the vory clout. - But, if ho should, will you promiso to bolio vo that I am not quito so black as I uni painted ?' '.oli.,jcs,' ivith alight laugh. 'I will ooliovo it is a regular case of painting the lily, if you liko.' ' Well, I don't exaotly pose as a lily,' laughing himsolf , ' but I want you to think woll of mo.' ' And it appears to bo quito out of tho question that I should not think about you Hll(a'li', with a sauoy smilo. ' Quito,' very decidodly. ' I intend' to lliriist Hiysolf upon your attention to suoh an extent that you will bo forood to think of me whether you liko or not. I would rather bo hatod than ignored.' Bat,' with a smilo of teuder eonfidonoe, 'I shall not let -you hate nio.' ' Aro you go suro ?' ' lifting her eyebrows niouttizigjjr. . ' Sure ? no,' with, a sudden gloom that sat npon his palo blond boauty as becomingly as his moods of sunshiuo. ' I am only- suro of one thing; aud that is— shall I toll you?' oondinjr iin handsomo hoad until his mous tauho almost grazed her ohook, a blue firo of passion in his oyos. ? ; ?. ? ' 'Audi am only. Hurp. of ono thing ; and that is that I am as huiigry'us a ishark,' with a laugh of gay insouoiaupii ignoring the question. 'Is it not almost timo for lttlKlli V 'l-'eu minutes of it ' roluctantly, looking at his watoh. ' Must you go .baok to ;Bu purt I' dissuasWoly, as sho startod up mur muring somothing to that otfoot. They Lad hoou Kitting on tho littlo divan that ran along tho stern sido of Social Hall, whioh, for a wonder in that orowdod ship, they had Lad qmto to thouisolvea. ' Why won't you wait until ho domes to look you up P' ? ' Bcouuso,' with n laugh, '! have a pro monition that ho would novor eomo.'. 'Then, in houvon'n name, lot him stay away!' with languid contempt. '.Why nood wo bother about him V ?: ? 'iWliy, -ybii ;na6& -nofii; most; dortainly,' a gloarriof ?wipkodnossintho -laughing: ?dopths . of .her 'byoB ;; ? 'but if -I 'happen ;,to liko; i_ ' Oh,if you liko it— rof cpurge. iBien no ya . plus !' ; rathor sulkily, 'rising and ' offering- liin arm. '(iBaid thdtl-wa8 jonlpusj'-ho addo'cV Boftly in hor ayortodonr. as they ;pa«sod oat of -tho door ; but ^otty ' nffl ootod ' not to: hoar. ; ; ' ?' ??? ? ;. ''?:?.'.? i-.:. ?'?':.-.. '??._,-';. I '; , y/:.::- /^^OHATriSRYI.'-'y: ':-'^;-\ ' '. : ;Warnod by his exporienco atPunta Aronas, : ! Jluport hiul made it a point to speak of their going ashore at tho next ' port as a matter of; course; and when Betty smilingly romindod liini of 'his hasty admission that noneTor sot foot in thoso places whoro ho could possibly: ?help it, protesting that ho must not saorifloo' himself on hor account, ho' had oven tho graoo to Ho valiantly, doelariag that at La ?Liborto ho had buainom to call him ;a»hore. ? ? ?''?'? '.? ?? ?? V ' . ..-. : . '. ' ' _ A strong breozo was driving the bloudg, liko a flook of clean-washed sheep, RoroM the pale-blue field of tho aky,' and the ship was rolling on n long, hoary swell, bb ? sho ctmo -,to anchor in tho open roadstead off tho littlo port. Tho accommodation- ladder was not lowored from tho ship's side at all. Tho trio of disconsolate passengers who oamo out from tho ehoro, a couple of tawny, sonntilyiolothod womon, and « man of tho idoal brignnd type aheltoringundor tlio foldn of a striped sorapo, wero ignominiously hustled on board along with tho freight that oarno 'with thorn in tho groat lurohiug lighter; and (ho fow who listlossly loitered about tho dooks, as thoy looked noroBS tho surging waters at tho littlo hnddlo of build ings dwarfed to puny inRignificanco against tlio grand background of shadowy blues and piuks and grays clothing tho ruggod heights of old San Vincont San Miguol, ovincod no smallest desiro to tread tho Boil of Salvador. Small-craft, fair-wouthor idlers, cared not to vonturo forth in such a sea^ and tho ship was loft alono Bavo for that ono lightor, whoso crew was performing miraoles in the trans fer - of its quota of freight, irhilo another sturdy consort could be scon approaohing, ladon to tho gunwalo with plump littlo saclts of colt'eo. As if in mad joy to find them solvos frc'o of tho swarm of small craft that on Bomo days Bpeckled tbo bright surfaco liko a swarm of gad flies, tho great waves plunged heavily shoreward, climbing ono unothoi-'s sheuldors, lashing each other on to crazier effort, as if : they would razo tho poor littlo placo from off the oarth ; roaring in sullou rage as thoy boat thoir strength upon tho shifting sand, but to bo drawn help lessly back again by the mighty power that swayed them. Betty, who had rosignod herfcelf to staying on board ae a mattor of courso, wa« all tho moro surprised and delighted whon Bupert came to toll hor that they still might go. Sho was fnll of girlish delight in novolty, with an oager curiosity tolseo all that tho hour inijjht bo holding out to her ; and moreover tho unaeoustomod rolling had contributed to a growing discomfort that inado tho prospects of feeling solid earth bonoath hor fcot seom of all things tho most to bo desirod. ' I am nfraid that you will iind it a littlo rough,' Buport obsorvod doprecatingly, as ho led tho way bolow. ' If it had boon smooth wo might havo had the captain's gig.' ' Oh, I don't mind that in tho loast,' Betty jitoufly declared. But she was to discover that nho did mind it whon she had finally como to tho opon freight port through wLich thoy must go, and surveyed tho rudo waves thrusting thoir might between tlio ship aud that lightor bobbing alongside As tho two had for an inrtant bumped, greotiug, Buport had quickly jumped, landing iguominously on all-fours on tho uuoven footing of bales and boxos in tlio lightor ; and now ho stood holding up his arms to oatch hor when hor opportunity should como. But Betty hung back, limp and holpless, in nervous terror whimporing «. protest whioh wind and waves united to snatch from tho oars for which it was meant. But thohaudsof tho sturdy jirst oflicer foil upon her with businoss- liko im porturbability. What to him was a protty girl with her nervous whims save ono moro passenger sent by an inscrutable Pr/ivideneo to mako more -trouble for tho officers of tho Pacific Mail Stoain Ship Company ? Ho caught Betty up and tonsed her down to tho waiting arms alongside as lightly a» if sho had boon a sack of coffoo ; and ho would havo boon glad if ho could as easily havo disposed of all tho womankind on board. ' It is only tho first stop that costs. All tho rest is plain sailing, you boo,' said Buport, cheerily, trying to mako her comfortable in the storu of tho rough craft. 'Oh, yos,' with an uncortaiu, whito-lippod ainile, casting upprohonsivo glanco around. ' Only, you know ? ' ' You agreo with Emerson, perhaps, that tho soa- tasto is acquired, liko that for to matoes and olivos ; and your tasto is not cultivated in that direction up to tho point of appreciating life on tho oounn wave in n oraffc like this,' ho comfortably observed. 'Havo you noticed this boat, by tho way?— that it is carvod out of ono onormous log, all in one picco ? It is liko a sort of Brobdinguagian banana- skin.' ' Yes,' murmured Botty, vaguoly, grown vory whito. Sho hud imagined tho soa rough from tho decks of tho Southom Cross, but now she felt that sho had really known no thing about it until this. Everything that was within hor small sickened body doomed sinking down, down, a nausoa unutterablo creeping after, as tlio groat clumsy boat went wriggling down tho mountain of waters, as if it would novor stop short of tho bottom of tho Hea, but to fetch up short with a jerk that was a frosh griovanco, oro it startod to olinib tho noxt glittering hill, whoso sullen height tho soautily-olothod boatmen wero importurbably attacking with their prepost erous paddles. But ono othor passenger kept them company, a young Englishman, his beefy aud othorwiso goM-huniorod faco dis torted with a moroso scowl due to tho effort to keep his glass properly fixod on one oyo, Beyond a mumbled drawl to tho effect that it was ' rawthor rough,' thin young man had nothing to say, appoaring absorbed in re garding with a ruminating staro this strnngo young woman who was composedly facing tho world unattended by cither ohaperon or maid. Botty, sitting with white, oomprossod lips, felt that if slio must bo reduced to tho laet humiliating abandon of Bea-siokneKS under tho battery of that round unwinking guzo, she must simply pray for death. ' Ouo gets a ne-v idea of tho courago of thoso Spanish pirates who first explored tho coast, with tho sea like this, — ;don't you think' F' queried Bupnrt, with laughing oyes, after a oomprohensivo glanco at Botty', quietly returning his unlighred cigar to its ouso, and tbo ease to his pocket. His thoorios as to sea-siokueBs rather : foreshadowed tho mind- cure dootrinos of a later date ; nnd ho was bent on divorting her attention from her fcolf. ' One old follow, Androas do Nino was his name, I always liko to read about,' ho went on ; 'ho worshipped God and Mammon with such naive simplicity and high -handed suooesB. Ho had a littlo way of landing hero and there and sending word to tho native ohiefs that unless they and all their pooplo at outo embracod tho faith of Jesus Christ and Landed ovor their idols,— whioh happened to bo inado of tho purest native gold, you under stand,— incidentally, us it were owning ullogiunoo to tho King of Spain, they should bo attacked and forth with wiped from off tho faoo of oarth. With that permissive manner of his, his missionary success was simply prodigious, his baptisms footing up to tliou Buuds a day upon occasion. Ono is rather filled with ungodly wonder as to how ho managed it,— if ho was compollod to round thorn up and drive them all into tho sea in a bunch. Howovor, ho was a man of largo ro sourcos, and tho good work wont on some how ; whilout tho samo time you comprehend, ho was laying up for himself troasuro upon earth, iu u miscellaneous lot of golden brie - u-brao, which, must havo boon eminently gratifying to his righteous soul.' 'Yob,' without exhibiting romotost interos ?in the mJB8ibnary'ldb6rs}of Androas do Nino.' 'But 'lluportvwas not to bo disbouragod; ^ : ; ' Ono, rathprwislios,' reading thb adyen'turosj of ; tho '.pious 'old fraud,' that -a nioo lively, barthquako' might havo boon linovpd |to got in; its', work ;, just when ho happened 'ulong; 'at sbmo of. \ those -plaoos whore thoy mako. a; sppoialty oi oarthquakos,' ;ho ohoorfuliyob sorrod. ?' '? '.' ' -. ?' -. ? '?'',.' ?.';'??'' 'Aro you snt« that thbyaronot'getting up. ono for us?' Bomothing liko whimsical amaso-', -menfciippn her food as hor1 oyos dizzily raugbdl ovor tho land ahead. ?' Thoplaeo looks to' naqj horriblyunstoady, don't you know. It re-: niindB mo of that vorso ot tho Psiilmsi: ' What ! ailoth thee, O thou Boa, that'tiibu; floddoBt?— yb mountains, that yo, flkippod liko rams. and. yo littlo hills liko lambs ?' ; : Buport laughed, boyishly pleased at having indueod hor-to bilk. ' Howvwoll you said it !' ho oxolaimed, with smiling approval. 'Didjour father promiso you a gun if yoii would read tho Biblo through?' .,' 'Moroy ! no ! What a question!' obh sidorably surprised. . 'Woll, my fathor did; but',' heaving a large eigh, *I novor got tho g^in ' 'Imight bo fuiro of it,' with something liko tho ghost of hor overy-day laugh, whoro at Ruport beamed, delighted : \Botty fvaa forgetting to bo sou- sick. , , But on and on, climbing, pushing, boating its way over forward eomohow, tnb sturdy craft had orawlod shoreward, until safely it was alongsido tho groat iron pior. , But. hpro iras afroflh shock of surprit.o for unhappy: Betty as hor dizzy oyos wera raised to see the Btrnngo vehicle that oanio rattling down to rooflivo them, from what soomed an ap palling distance. It seomed, to bo simply tour woodoh arm-chairs fastened back to back, iu pairs, tlio (smooth snats appearing as if especially calculated to spill unwary pan sengers into tho yawning depths below at tho smallest untoward movement. There had boen nothing in tho landing iitPunta Arenas to prepare hor for this. ' Oh, what on earth possessed mo to como !' efco miserably groaned, turning up to Rupert a whito appoaling face as ho lifted hbr into ono of the swaying seats and placod himself beside hor. ' Don't bo frightened, child,' laying his hand over hors with a close reassuring prossuro that surprised her into silonco. 'It is not half so bad as being hung, you see,' its they went swaying upward until, with a somewhat startling jerk, thoy wero drawn upon tho pier. 'Thank hoaven, it is ovor!' cried tho girl, giving her skirts a littlo shako, and feeling over hat aud hair with swift feminino pats, ns to assure herself that sho was still clothed and in her right, mind. ' And, thank hoavon, wo aro clear of that orowd of people for a whilo !' with no less fervor, glancing baok at the Bhip with a grin almost vindictive. In his mind's oyo ho could seo Diok Hazelton disconsolately loaning ovor tho ship's sido, moasuriug with baffled glances tho stretch of waters that had bean put between him and Betty Malcolm ; and the thought was unotion to Bupert's snul. In the complex mystery of man's nature thoro is a subtb- unreasoning force that instinctively turns him moro or less against his fellows in respect to tho woman who may havo touched his own heart, if but ovor so littlo. Buport, who had felt im pelled to assuino tho defensive against Dick Hazolton from a sonso of duty towards his chargo, had como to find a Bort of savage joy iu the contest for its own sake, as man against man. And, at the samo timo, his feeling towards Betty horsolf had been in soiisibly changing in tho joalous senso of passion that, in tlio heat of tho strifo, had somohow seized upon him. 'But to think that in a littlo while wo will havo to go back! — havo that droadful trip over again ! Do you know, I oan feel tho motion of that horriblo boat yet ?' with a tremulous smilo. 'Tho ground is all rolling undor my foot ; and if I closo my oyos I can fool that awfut wobbling, — that horrible sinking, — as if tho land woro all as unreal as a dream.' 1 Poor littlo girl !' with quick concorn al most bordering on tendoruess. Sho seomed such a fragilo littlo thing, so fair and so holpless. ' I fool that I was a brute to havo brought you,' he X'u'jfully declared. 'Oh, 'don't say that !' her smile full of winning sweotnoss. 'I was dying to eomo ; and it was lovely of you.' ' How lovely of you to say so !' ho laugh ingly exclaimed, irropressiblo joyousuoss in his fuco. Ho was full of boyish triumph in the success of this istroko against Hazolton. Jvaroly had ho felt in such gay spirits. 'And — I havo an inspiration ! — wo won't go back at all if you say so. What do you think of staying on and growing up with tho country f ' . ? But tho country has so much tho start of us,' Betty smilingly objected, enjoying his mood. ' It has already grown old.' ' Ah, it la liko mo,' ho lightiy retorted : 'it was never young. But perhaps if wo stayed— quien sabo? — tho usual order of things might bo roversod, and I might grow youmr with tlio oountry It soeme Tory pos sible just now, I aa»uro you.' 1 'Ah, it would always bo pocsiblo,' she oracularly declared, feeling herself won droutly at oaso with him ; ' you would al ways bo young,— if , you would only lot yoursolf go.' ' How oneouraging ! and how kind of you to say it ! But do you roally think it would bo wisp, Botty ?' laughingly bending down to look under tho brim other wido hat. Ho hardly know himself with tho spirit of jollity that had taken hold of him, Ho vaguoly felt ho was playing a part; but ho onjoyed it. ' Bocauso, do you know, in my prosent mood, if I should roalljr let myself go, as you suggost, I am afraid I should nevor know whoro to stop.' An hour of tho burning day had mercifully slipped away into tho shadows of the past, and now its discomforts wero almost forgot ten in tho fiercer fires of tho noontime. It wus tho hour whon, according to a local say ing, only dogs, niozos, and Amerioanoes woro to bo seen upon tho stroots. AU tho mar ket-folk had gathored up their unsold wares and contentedly straggled away to swelter through the long afternoon in luxurious sioflta ; and tho buro, hot stroots woro all as still as Pompeii after tho eruption. Ruport and Betty, somowhat touched with tho drowsy languor of tho place wqro rostiug in a great, dimly lighted sala belonging to Bupert's agent at tho place,— a man's parlor, lacking all tho littlo feminiuo touohos that givo to baro rooms tho look of home, but pleasant withal after tho burning heat outsido. They had exhaustively patronized tho soantily oquipped markot-stauds huddled together in tho sun-baked plaza ; they had loitered in tho shado of tho baro littlo church, its altars clustered with tho tawdry ornamentation of a ohildish and poverty-stricken people, ridic ulous but for the simple fnith that mado it all pathetio; they had furtively stared, with laughing criticism, at tho queer costumes of tho market-women, docorously assuming not to see tho' happy youngsters who flitted, into the foreground of tho scono quite au.naturel ; they had determinedly blinked at all that was to bo S3CH in tho littlo i placo, unanimously agreed that it only differed from any othor tropical town of its size in that it was a little moro bare and unbearable in its white hot glaro of untempored suushino than any. ' You were horribly oxtravagant,' Botty remarked, with a smiling assumption of re proof, her pleased eyes running over tho acquisitions of tho markot plaeo spread out on a tablo, — a couple of parved calabashes, a queer littlo basket woven out of palo-groon grasses, a delightfully hideous brown pottery water ' nioukoy,' and a quantity of fruit and flowors. ' I ought not to havo lot you got so .muoh for mo,' with faint regret ; ' but then, don't you know, it was something liko patro u:zinur a church fair. Thoso poor peoplo so noudud tho money : it gavo ono such a com fortiibio sonso of bonovolenob to bo buying something of thorn, usidb from tho pleasure of haying tho things.' (TO BIS OO.NIfflUKB.) ' 