FICTION. My Rival's Revenge. (Continued.) While I listened to tho atorrn I had not boon forgotful that a goods train was far behind its time, and as I turned from tny firo I had warning of its ap proach. It could not cross tbe bridge on saclt a night, and perhnps endanger tho evening oxpross which would soon bo duo, so I turned tho points and sont it oil' into tho siding. J hoard it rumblo past with a feeling of pity for tho engine driver and guard, who wero forced to delay in such weather. As I turnod front tho lovers, having sent the tnotnls back to thoir placos, iu readiness for tho oxprosa, I raised my eyoB, and became aware that a man's face was prossod against tho wet glass at the end of tho box — tho pauo ovor tho door. As I looked at that straugo fuco, those wild angry eyes, and tho ledhaii blown about by the wind, my lioarfc Boomed to- stisnd' still with' a sudden- terror. I folb. indood', as if I lookod upon a ghost, for thofaco before tn« was no ofcaotr than that of tho man who had boen haunting my thoughts for tftef last hour— my old enemy, Matthew Holt. For an inBtant only wo looked into each othor'soyes, and then h® disap peared. Evon aftor I had loBt eight of bim, I was too bowildorod to think or net ; but as soon as I rocovored my prosenco of mind I hurried forward and opened tho door. Tho light from with in showod mo thnt tbo little flight of stops that led to the ground had no ono , upon them. I went down a atop or two and peered about me, but tho dork- tiooo Was impenetrable. I shouted out to know Wbw was there, but no answer camo. Tho rain beat in my face, and tho wind was so strong that I could scarcely stand. I re-entered my box and eloBod tho door after mo. It was thon, and only then, that tho convic tion forced itself upon mo that what I bad soen was an apparition, a mere delusion on my part, caused by tho morbid influence of tho storm and by my brooding ovor old times. But no matter whether tho face I had soon waB roal or imaginary, it had sent me off dreaming of tbo past once more, and for tho noxt fow moments I allowed my thoughts to tako me whore they would. Thoy carried me back to a time when I had gone down to that quiot "Welsh village to _ do my part in putting down a now line. I was smart and active — a good looking youngster, too, in tboso days ; so, who could wonder that pretty Nancy, the- beauty of tbo village, transferred hor affections from hor yokel lover to mo. Matthew Holt wns a powerful young giant, but ungainly enough to look at. An unmannerly cub, too in my estima tion, and I had treated him accordingly. V aq tnn a Jvi fliof rl Jwonfmn fnflf. tnv X UQj iu nuo iu vtiwu wumw conscience reproncbed mo, when I re- memborod how I had lost no opportun ity of placing bim at a disadvantage and asserting tny own superiority. Not content with winning for myself the prise ho covoted, I must confosB thnt there wore times when I took a malic ious pleasure in making my unhappy rival smart. I have soon his eyes blaze with passion, and his brawny fists double themselves ready for a blow. And yefc ho nevor laid a hand upon me ; and I knew that his forbearance was only for Nancy's sake. Ho waB an odd nature and even I could not but admire the strength and devotion of his love. My pretty Nancy ! How well I could remember tho prido with which I carried her off as my bride from b®r village home, and for a while life was vory sweot. But it was not long before death claimed her, and she passed away, leaving only a tender memory behind which, as tho years went on, scemod al most like a dream. I sat staving fixedly into the fire, living ovor those old times again, and wisliiug, alas ! an idlo wish, that I had noted differently, when suddenly a cold blast of wind swept through the room, blowing the gas about and making tho fire flare. Tbo door must have come open, I thought ; I could not have shut it properly. I rose to secure it, but be- foro I oould turn round I received a violont blow upon my head. It was dealt with such force that I fell heavily to the ground, and for a momont lost all cen- scieusnoss. Whon I came to mysolf I found that I was lying on the floor, bound securely hand and foot. The door of the signal box wns Bhut, and standing before mo, with his eyes fixed on tho lovers, was Matthew Holt. He looked as he was, years older than when we had last met : but I could havo sworn to that big, loosely made figure and that shock of red hair any whore. In an instant I had realised the wholo situation, and seen how completely I was in his power. Yos, tho hour of reckoning was in deed at hand. He had come in all the strength ot his brute force to take his revengo. Ho seemed suddenly to be come aware that I had recovered my senses, for ho turned and looked at me, and as I mot tho pitilesB expression in those savage, bloodshot eyes my heart turned sick and faint within me. After contemplating me in silonce for a momont ho snid sneeringly ; ' So, Mr Frank Bryant, you remember me ?' ' Yes, I remombor you,' I answered speaking as calmly as I could ; ' and although there wns not much love lost botween us, in the old days, I never even thought of you as a coward — one who would take a mean advantage of his enemy. Come, Matthew Holt, un- bind me ; let us meet on an equal foot ing, and I will hear what you have to say !' He threw back his head and laughed a short mocking laugh that was not pleasant to hear. 'No, no, my fine gentleman ; you don't come over me with any of your smooth-tongued speeches,' he said. There was another pause, daring which he drew a bottle from his pocket, uncorked it and drank. It "was strong spirits,! could tell by the smell iL r nlltlrl/ioro/i 'Pitta nrnn nnf likely to improve his mood. Indeed, at tho first glance I had noticed in his oyes that savage recklessness whioh comes of tho madness born of drink. (To be continued.) 