One Night of my Life 'ABOUT A MADMAN.. 11 Ut Earumo Auox,-*» \- 44 1 will try and bo with you to-night,' My Dullness takes mo to a small town about iirarity xnlloii from your home, aud I could not boar to bo ,'vo near you without looking into your iweot eyci. and hearing you »ay that yoti aro true to mo, 10 I ?hall rldo oTor in tho»flernoon, and God willing, '? ?ball hold you in my arms to-night. i ' Yooh Own Jack ' . | . 'HtTiog dispatched my day's business and ?euttbi* letter to my sweetheart, ?!, the- Jack thofein, mentioned, hastened to hire a horse for tho purpose of riding the twenty railea which Beparated mo from Alice, my bo* troth td bride. Ab my business — which wai that of a travelling agent for a prosperous i * house — obliged me to bo often away from . # home, a chance like this to' see Alice wat' * f.ery precious tomb,' It was six o'clock in. the evening when I itartcd.out on my horse from the door of tho ? inn whe.ro 1 had been stopping. In vain w^a ,11 that the landlord tried to, dissuado me; bis account erf the lonely and defaolatc road, ' And of the frightful things wbioh had hap ' pened on it, of tho murders and midnight horrors which hung over it, could not turn ?me from my purpose. . Even the thought ? that I mast pass by tho haunted rock, in the fark, alone, and with no hope of aid, should require it, that I must ride through passes . which the village legends peopled with spirits and ghostB of tho departed travellers, could j .' not deter me. I spurred onward amid tho I dark forebodings of those assembled to wit- ! nc«9 my rash departure, my landlord's pro'- j -nbesy of a sudden and violent storm ringing in my cars as I went. I treated these super. , . stitiouB' tales as merely the inventions of j Ignorant villagers, and the sounds which wero rep6rted to issue from* the haunted rock, as,' at best, coming 'from tlio -throat of some human enemy, against whom a pistol would There were still two hours of dayiight be fore mo, and as. I rode along I was lost in thonghta ot my sweetheart. I Reemed to see' her standing on her vine- covered porch, ruady to Welcome me with her bright smile, Tho .. dainty tigurg, with its blue eyes and waving ? hair, rose before my eye a ; and so yivid was , the vision that I spoke her name half aloud,' The sound of my'own voice startled me, and, i ? looking-np for the first time, I saw that the ' Bky was growing black, the wind was howl- I ing, and rumbling distant thunder was in the air. It had corae~tbestorm which my landlord had foretold. I spurred on my horse ; a big drop of rain splashed over my face; the dark ness thickened ; and at tho same instant through thc'gloora loomed up tho outlines of tho huge boulder, which a turn in the joad had before bidden from ray 'eight. A slight shiver crept over me as I recalled the tales cenncoted with it, aud.tboughtupun inyown lonely situation. Something of this feeling sa-Mued to enter into my horse, for as we ne&rctl; the rock,' shrouded in darkness, he . , tietnblcd from head to foot. Using all my ?^reir^th, I forced him past it, and at thesame instant there sounded upon my ear a low buipt of laughter, so peculiar in its tone as to send an icy shudder through me. A something that was not human Bounded in it. It was fiendish, devilish. Conquering my moment ary weakness, I Btrained my eyes to pierce the darkness, in the hope of discovering the ?bape from which those Bounds proceeded, but all waa silent and deserted as tho grave. The form must havo been swallowed up in darkness, for I saw nothing. A Btrange feel ing of dread weighed :on ray heart, vague and indefinite, and tbo night grew blacker aud blacker. The a.torm drew nearer, and my every effort ? was not7 directed to gain some place of shel. ter from the rain. I looked in vain for a light In the distance ; all was black ami desolate ; torrents of raiu poured down, soaking me to the skin ; thunder crashed, and my poor ' horse galloped as for. his life. Once, between tho thunder peals, I seemed to hear Chat same low, mad laugh in my ear, and, shuddering, I wildly spurred ray poor borge. Just then a vivid fla-diof lightning ? Illumined tho road, disclosing a hut about a . hundred feet iu advance ; a second Hash tnabled me to reach' the opening which bad once been a door; but the whole miserable p/aoo was in a ruinous condition. l»'or years it had been abandoned to wind aud weather. Fearfully I entered, and found myself in the largest of the two rooms which the hovel boasted. The ceiling was brokeu away, and fche rain poured itfupon the rotting lloor, aud beat through the broken window. Nothing more fearful and more wild could f -e imngiued, but still I welcomed -it, and ? ,;urning the poor horse loose outside, I passed, u to the innor room. A lightning flash il umined it, and utanding upright against the -pposite wall I saw the form of a man, his .'ace distorted by a smile of wicked cunning, ind as the darkness fell again, a shrieking laugh mingled with the thunder.. '^Iade desperate by the terrors of the night md of tny lunelincFB, I struck a match ami . rushed forward ; hut tho figure was gone.tho worn deserted, Turning,! passed into the Srrtt room, hut it was equally tenantlesa. Full of wonder and strange forebodings, [ chose a dry spct arid threw myself upon the floor and tried to sleep. Vain endeavor; theftigure haunted me, aud ofteu, as fatigue overpowered me and sleep; seemed on the . point of relieving me, the .memory of that 'aughter would ring through my brain, and . I would atart wildly up, to find myself lying , ilono upon the floor with the storm atill rul ing without. * ° Finally, qulto exhausted, I foil into a deep llumber, which lasted I know not how long, but which was suddenly and violently broken by that iamo demoniac noiBe. This time I tried to rise, in vain ; a fearful weitrbt was on my chest. Straining ope n my eyes, I beheld in the light of the moon, which now shone through tho window, that jatne man's face bending over mine. Terrt fled beyond expression, I atrugglod to free myself of the creature upon me; but my arms and legs wire fast bound ; the same cunning imile diBtorkd the face, and the leering eye9 rollod as I struggled vainly. I strove to ibrick, but tho sound came not; a - faint \ gurgle was the only result of my frantic ef fort. At the same instant the creature above mo rose, and with chuckles and leers, drew forth a coil of rope ; nodding his head and gibber ing, he arranged, a noose, and with another ? blood curdling laugh, be placed it about my neck. My flod, the agony of that moment, when I realised that I was absolutely at the mercy of a madman ( Tighter aud tighter he drew the rope, till my face grew black with suffo CAtion, and my eyes aud tongue started from ray bead. ConsoiousnM3 was almost gone when tho pressure was slowly, steadily re laxed. and the maniac's features glared down upon tho once more. I breathed again ; he bad 'spared me ; the rush of joyful feeling nearly overcame me. lie marked the exprcs lion of my face, and, chuckling, drew the noo3o again, exulting to watch my face pur ple, and my oyes protrude. Twenty times I thought ray death agony at hand, and twenty times, with a maniac's cunning, ho restored my breath, and prolonged my torture. How uiiucml'u ii nu inuiieruu to Himaou, wag ging his fiendish head, and oh I my God, how, when I struggled to get free, wrestling in agony with death and torture, he uttered his insaue, exulting laugh. How I lodged and prayed for death j bow I hoped llio madman would once draw tho oooie so tight that, when relaxed, my breath would itfll rofuae to come. Suddenly his brain seemed possessed with somo new . plan. ? Slowly he drew of! the rope, and, with ono . backward glance, left the room. At first, I dared not hope for lifo ; but when tho time went by and still he came not, I began to | think that he was gone entirely, and that ray j i lifd might yet be waved. 1 t-lru-„'gled to free t | njysolf once more; struggled and wiitbed j body j but in vain, Juit than i aew loahfl ; caught my ear, filling me with.unutlcrabla ! dread. A fork of light shot up. YCs, it was true, the maniac had ««t. fire to thehorel. And how -I taw his face grinning at me through the window. Making one last super human effort. I uttered 'a fearful shriek* The madman leaped in at the window, and, at' the same instant, another form followed bim. Some one soucd me, I knew no. more. . , I When consciousness 'returned, I was lying upon a bed in my sweetheart's own pretty room, and she, with tears in her gentle eyes, 1 was watching my Blow return to life. I learned afterwards, when ray strength returned, that ttrt madman had escaped from an asylum in the neighborhood, and being missed, his keeper, attracted by the sight of tbo 'flames, arrived just in timo to.saveine from tho horrible fate which seemed to' await mo. ? I had fallen, into a 'deep, swoon, and from that into a raging fever, and during my ravings enough was learned to send me to the house which bad 'been my destination when I started out tho previous night. As soon as I was well again Alice and I wero' married, and were Burcly happier than it falls fcothe lot of most mortals to bo ; but never while I live s*hall I forget the agonies of that, one night of my life. 