?. . : ? ? -BY THE Blue Australian Mountains ..(BY. LILIAN TURNER.) .CHAPTER'XXIII. After Twenty Years. . Mrs. Augustus Whitby of Potts's .?point, had just published her iirst hook-. It was a novel, and treated largely of love and despair, and jealousy and passion, of husbands and wives who got wrongly mated, and such like.. . - , 31 rs. Augustus Whitby thought it was an event-in Sydney, perhaps in tlie Avorld, and perhaps it was. ? ' Hoing now, according to her own lights, a celebrity, she gave a literary .»' at home." . . Sydney was rather destitute of "lions" just then, but she managed to procure acceptances from some hobby -ridden folks. There were two . young ladies who had composed Waltzes '(full of reminiscences), ti university man who had written a funeral march, two members of the Ait Society, Lankester, who was a member of no society at all, but had a rallier large reputation. Tho repu tation, Avas the child of only two pictures, but people talked and whis pered concerning some other wonderful painting that was yet shrouded, but was going on its completion to a far larger place than Sydney's Art Gallery. Then there was a little thoughtful looking girl who was trying to Hy to Heaven on Pegasus, but editorial gad llios and critical gadflies, and. social gad I lies were always fetching her down. ' ?; Mrs Augustus Whitby smiled en couragiugly on her. V " And how is the writing progres sing?" she asked benignantly. She wis often benignant lately. Tlie little girl smiled sadly. : " I'm trying to write a ' book,'' " she said. \ " A boole !" said Mrs. Whitby. " You are ambitious." " The little girl, sighëcT*again. " It's such hard worK," sae said. She was 21, and laughed at hard work really. "Don't you think "-Mrs. Whitby stopped ; she affected eye-glasses, and they had slipped. " Don't you think," she continued, " that it's hard work not to write-when you are literally teeming with ideas--no ?" "My publishers"-she said that largely, and it àlmost lilied the room. "My publishers "are only just com mencing my last work, and already I am engaged upon''another." " But that's-genius," said the little girl with her nattering sigh. " By tlie way, Mrs. 'Whitby, did you read that last tale of. Clara- Holmes's-' A Little Spendthrift?' -It was in Tun AVKKK." / " Oh, I «read it," said Mrs. Whitby. "A funny story, wasn't it? Fancy writing about the slums ! I have never had anything to db with those sort of -er- people, you' see. : One has to be of the sphere one writes of, I think. So funny;'-isn't it ?" ; The little girl sighed again. ? She was a very deep little girl. She- had a book herself that was just going into the publishers' hands, and it was called " In the Streets," ' and the editorial gadflies whb had read it had forgotten to sting, ' \ " . Lankester came along. - Ile had been talking to the .young- man who had composed the funeral- marali, a .d he bore traces of it on his face. When he ¡saw. tlie little girl, he got into the coiner beside her, arid they bota sighedjtôgethor. '' Mrs;'Augustus W h i thy had'ï gori 6 away . The little girl told, him what they had been /tallang'; about arid he laughed. / . :'" " She's ,been writing about dukes and archbishops .. and Government House pushes, hasn't she ?''.he asked. "If you'll-find'out;-when her birthday is I'll make-her a present of some thing of Dickens's-or Thackeray's." Mrs. ; Whitb}' hurried by again. She was going to greet a little crowd of ^n'ew arrivals. Lank ester looked and saw. Dr. and Mrs. Denner and Marie, and a little way behind Arthur and Celia Holden. He started violently, stood up and then sat down again. " Don't you think Marie Donner's lovely ?" asked his companion softly. "Ido. Do you know her?" " I used to," said Lankester slowly, " a little, a long time ago." " I believe she's going to have quite a grand wedding-six bridesmaids, a reception at a hotel, and a ball in the evening." The little girl looked pensive and white. Lankester stroked his moustache. " When is it to be ? ' he asked, letting his eyes follow Marie and her nance as they strayed into a little clique of friends. "In about a month-no-Friday fortnight-Friday three weeks." " Oh ! I should say she is not superstitious. Isn't Friday a day of bad omen ?" The girl laughed ; then she launched into the wide sea of super stition, with its waves of spilt salt, broken looking' glasses, black cats, and dinner parties of thirteen. Ile was watching Mario all the time with a feverish unrest that nearly maddened him. Her face looked almost babyish in its softness and carelessness. Sweet blush roses were in her cheeks, her lips were vividly crimson, and her eyelashes vividly black. When the little girl looked 'at him again, she remembered suddenly what the newspapers had said two years ago about him and Marie. Marie had been to England, aud her father had grown wealthy through the timely death of a relative, since then, and Lankeater-well he was the man. In such cases society is lenient. When he got up and left her she drew back into her corner, and then her face was, perhaps, tho whitest thing in the room. Arthur Holden tawit, and its white ness entered into his heart. He crossed over and took Lankester's seat." " Where have yon been hiding lately ?" he asked, bending towards her ; " it's fully three months since I've seen you." " Yes," said the little girl, " I didn't know you were coming to-day." " Or you wouldn't have come. Don't say it!" " I wish you wouldn't come to me ; I wish you wouldn't speak to me. You make me feel like a drop of ink." Arthur bit In's moustache and his eyes sought ber's. " Why ink specially r" he said. " Because I want somebody to put some blotting paper over me and draw me up." There were tears in her eyes and self-dhame, and many other things which sting and hurt. Arthur put his hand down ; the corner was dark and the people -were busy, and they were only two, and he pressed her little blue-veined wrist. "Blotting ]Vaper absorbs," he said. " I wieh to heaven I was blotting paper." Then the little girl laughed. " In a month you will be married," she said, swiftly. " I wish it was a week, and was'over. Then there can't be thoughts any more." " Can't there ? Oh, Bab, I don't think all the marriages in all the world will alter it." " The only crumb of comfort I haye," said the little girl, " is that you did care for me when. I-I told you l cared for you.'' ... .,' . Arthur looked, and' her eyes fell. " Let me tell her,"/he Bald implor ingly. " She'd rather Idle than have me-if she knew." ' The little girl shook" her head-it was a pretty head cohered with shiny gold hair. j ; I would never,'never, never have you then," she said.' At the door Marie paused. She was going into the third drawing-room for nothing at all. She was tired of the "other two, and the "man who was holding her parasol and scent-bottle, told her there was another sweet little, room, full bf nothing but re miniscences of people. When she paused he told her the reminiscences were photographs and the sound of voices. " I thought, perhaps, they were ghosts,"' said Marie going on again, " and I hate ghosts." Lankestev looked up when she came in. " Ghosts are dead fancies and empty dreams, are they not ?" he asked, turning a white face towards her and watching hers, pale with a feeling of relief. " I fancy I heard that defini tion somewhere." " Yes, and ghosts are-nothing," said Marie, giving her attention to the chairs, and selecting a low one. " Exactly , and things which are equal to tho same are equal to one another. Qi E. D." " I didn't know this was a mathe matical < at home,' " said the parasol retainer, " or I don't think I should have ventured." "Apropos of the < at home,' Miss Dpnner-bf course you haven't read Mr. Whitby's book?" "Oh, no," said Marie; "tell me what it is about." " I don't know, clearly, 'pon my word. I think it's about a man and a woman, or rather-a woman and a man. They love each. Other, and they get married, but they let concealment feed on their damask cheeks-er how does the thing run, and never tell their love. Well, this goes on till the damask cheeks and dark hair grow white-er-quite pathetic, I 'sure you. Then there's a Hood or a fire -or-or something of that sort, you know." " Yes," said Marie. " Then when they're in boats, or being lowered from the topmost storey by sheets, they confess they've always loved, «fcc.-that sort of thing, you know, and-and-'' " I suppose they have a golden wedding celebration or something," remarked Marie. " Oh, no ; they die. They're. never happy for an hour. I believe there's a grave and a white cross and a willow tree. In their death they were not divided - that sort of. thing, you know." "Oh, it's too sad," said Marie," they ought to stage it as a melodrama." " Yes," said Lankester, "or a farce. There's something awfully droll in that united-in-death theory to me. In all my lifo I only met with two people so served, and I never even heard of a second." " There was Juliet and her Romeo," said Marie. " So there was, but my people were better. They were not lovers. They -were nearest and dearest." " Husband laud wife," said Marie, going white. ? " Yes ; if ever such existed before God-they were." " I'll show you a typical representa tion ,of wedded bliss,'' said the other mah, diving at á table full of photos. Lankester leaned forward. He wanted to dissolve a shadow that he had felt, in dusks and twilights and melancholy moments, might be sepa rating them. " You must know," he said quietly, " tb at I have always felt she was his wife." ' " I-I didn't," said... Marie, losing her self-possession for a minute. " I have. I wanted to tell you so-? in case." " Yes," cried Marie, drawing a.quick breath. "In case it'. made any dif ference." ; ,: ?>. " It always used to be on this table," said the other man. Lankester's voice f ailed. him and his face went-white. " If anything could make a difieren ce," he said haltingly, "I'll knock down all the barriers in the world if you'll just say 'yes.' " . Marie bent her head for a minute and bit her lip. Then the pretty pink roses flew back to ber cheeks and her eyes laughed. The other man was showing her " wedded bliss "-a con ventional photograph of a conven tional bride and bridegroom. The man was sitting down aird looking utterly foolish ; the woman, in wed ding garments, was standing, with one hand resting on his shoulder. " I always faugh at those tilings," said 'the other man. "You musn'f, though. In a month you ><will be doing the samo thing." " Only I shall sit," said Marie., laughing, "and Arthur will stand. There's nothing could^alter that." . "I'seo," said Lankester,."-"drily " forgot my remarks." "Why-of course." She laughed again,-and turned to the other mani Then Lankester got up and wont out of the room. He hatèd; photo graphs, other men, himself, and Marie.. . .... .. -v.- v-.^y . ; : (TO,-:-BE- COÑTIÑUKD^)^:^;:. 