TIE HORROR OF STDBLEY 6BA1J6E, A DOCTOR’S STORV. I was in my consulting-room ono morning, and had just said good-bye to the last ot my : patients, when my servant came in and told tna that a lady had oalled who pressed very '• earnestly for an interview with me. 111 told her that yon ware just going out, air," said the man, "andshe saw the carriage at the door ; but ehe begged to. see you, if only for two minutee. This is her oard.” I read the words, " Lady Studley.” "Showher in,1’ I said hastily, and tho next momenta tall, slightly-made, fair- haired girl entered tho room. She looked Tory young, soaroely moro than twenty, and I could hardly believe that she was, what her card indicated, a married woman. The color mebed into hor cheohs as she held ont her hand to mo. X motioned her to a chair, and then ashed her what I could do " Oh, you can help mo,” ehe said, olasping her hands and speaking in a slightly theatrical manner. "My husband, Sir Henry Studloy, is very unwell, and I want you to oomo to ' see him—can you ?—will you ?’’ “ With pleasure,” I replied. “Where do yon live ?” “ At Studley Orange, in Wiltshire. Don't you know our plaoe ?” “ I daresay I ought to know it,” X replied, “ although at the present moment I can’t recall the name. You want me to como to ’ see your husband. I presume you wish mo to have a consultation with his medical at tendant ?” " No, no, not at all. The fact is, Sir Henry has not gota medical attendant. lie dislikes dontors, and won’t see one. I want you to oomo and stay with ns for a weok or. so. I have heard of you through mutual friends— tlia Onslows. I know you caD effect remark able cures, and you have a groat deal of tact. But you can’t possibly do anything for my husband unless yon are willing to stay in the house and to notice his symptoms.” Lady Studley epoko with great emphnsis and earnestness. Her long, slender hands were clasped tightly together. Sho had drawn off her 'gloves, and was heading forward in her chair. Her big, childish and somewhat resile*? blue eyes wuro fixed im ploringly on my fees. “ I love my husband,” sho said, tears sud denly filling them—"and it is dreadful, dreadful, to see him suffer as ho does. He will die unless someone cornea to‘his aid. Oh, I know X am asking an immense thing, when 1 heg of you to leave all your patients and coma to tho country. But we can pay. -Money is no object whatever to us. Wo osn, wo will, gladly pay you for your ser “ I must think ihe matter over,” I said. “Yen flatter mo by- wishing for mo, and by believing that I can reader you assistance, but I cannot take n step of this kind in a hurry. I will write to you by to-night'a post if you will give ma your addro.ia. In the meantime, kindly tell me some of tho symptoms of Sir Henry’s malady.” "I fear it is a malady of tho mind,” sho answered immediately, “ but it is of so vivid nod so startling a character, that unless relief is soon obtained, the body mu-t give way under the strain. You see that 1 am very young, Dr Halifax, lkrhaps I look younger than I am—my ago is twenty-two. Aly husband is twenty years my senior. Ho would, however, ho considered by most people still a young man. He is a great scholar, and has always had more or less the habits of a rechtsp. Hu is fond of living in hb library, and likes nothing better than to bo ourrounded by books of all sorts. Every modem book worth reading is'forwarded to him by its publisher. Ha is a very interest ing man and a brilliant conversationalist. Perhaps I ought to put all ibis in the past tenso. fornow lie soaroely ever speaks—ho .Scaaomm'tO'eav13-iic-SY.As-.iov\\\IB«oV-_iiiJoact. —lie used to have a rather ruddy complexion —ho is now deadly pale aDd terribly oma eiated. He sighs in the most heartrending manner, and seemB to be in a state of ex treme nervous tension. -In short, ho ia vary ill, and yet he seems to have no bodily disease. His eyes have a terribly startled expression in them—his hand trem bles so that ho can scarcely raise a enp of lea to his lips. In short, he looks like a man who has seen a ghost.” " When did these symptoms begin to ap jolk?” I asked. -. “It is mid winter now,” said Lady Studloy. "The queer symptoms began to show themselves in my husband in October. They have been growing worse and worse. In short, 1 oan stand thorn no longer,” she continued, giving way to a short, hysterical sob. "I felt I must como to someone—I have heard of you. Do, do oomo and save us. Do como and find out what is the matter with my wretched husband." “I will write to you to-night,” Iaaiil, in as kind a voice as 1 could muster, for the pretty anxious wifo interested mo already. “It may not be posiible forme to stay at Studley Grange for a week, but in any easel can pro mjeo to come and sec the patient. Ono visit •will probably bo sufficient—what your hus band wants is, no doubt, complete ohnnge.” “ Oh, yes, yes,” she replied, standing up now. “ I have said so scoreB of times, bnt Sir Henry won’t stir from Stndlcy—nothing will induce him to go away. Ho won’t oven leave his own special bedroom, although I expect ho has dreadful Dights." Two hectic snots burnt in her oheeks as sho spoke. I looked at her attentively. “ You will forgive rao for speaking,” I said, “hut yon do not look at all well yourself. 1 should liko to pretariho for you as well as your husband.” “ Thank you,” sho answered, “lam not Tory strong. I never have been, but that is nothing—1 mean that my health is not a thing of oonsoquouco at present. Well, I must not take up any more of your time. 1 shatl expect to got a letter from you to morrow morning. Please addreSB it to Lady Studloy, Crosvonor Hotel, Victoria.” She touched my hand with fingers that burnt like a living coal and loft the room. X thought her very ill, and was sure that if I could see my way to spending a week at ■Studley Grange, 1 should have two patients instead of ono. It is always difficult for a busy doctor to leavo homo, but after carefully ’ thinking matters over, I resolved to comply with Lady Studlcy’s rcqueBt. Accordinely, two days later saw me on my way to "Wiltshire and to Studloy Grange. A brougham with two smart horses was waiting"^ at tho station. To my surprise I saw that I.ady Stuiiley had come herself to “ I don’t know how to thank you,” she naid, giving mo a feverish clasp of her hand. “ Your visit fills mo with hope—I believe that you will discover what is really wrong. Home !” she slid, giving a quioli, imperious dirootiou to the footman who appeared at the window of the carriage. Wo bowled forward at a rapid pace, and sho oontinuod: — “ I canto to meet yon to-day to tell you that I have used a little guilo with regard to your visit. I have not told Sir Henry that you are coming here in tho capaoity of a doctor." Hero sho Dattsed and gavo me ono of her rostless glances. “ Do you mind ?" bIio asked. “ "Wlmt havo yon said about me to Sir Henry i” I inquired. . “ That you are a great friend of tho Onslows, and that I have asked yon here for a woek's change,’’ sho answered immediately. “ As a guest, my husband will bo polite and dolightful to you—as a doctor, he would treat you with scant civility, and would probably give you little or uono of his confidence. ” I was quite eilont for a moment after Lady Studley had told me this. Then I said :— “ Had I known that I was not to come to your house in the capacity of u medical man, X might have re-considerod my earnest desire to holp you.” . Sho turned very pale when I said this, and tears fillod hor eyes. “ Never mind,” I said now, for I could not but be tonohed but by her extremely pathetio .and suffering face, by the look of great illness which was manifested in every J glanoo. “ Never mind now ; I am glad you hava told, mo exactly the terms on which you ■wish me to approach your husband ; but I think that I can no pnt matters to Sir Henry that ho will bo glad to consult me ■ n my medioal capaoity." “ Oh, but ho does not oven know that I suspect his illness. It would nover do for him to know. I suspect ! 1 see I fear. but I say nothing. Sir Henry would_ bo muoh moca miserable than he is now, it he thought that 1 guessed that there is anything wrong with him.” " It is impossible for mo iooometotlie Grsngo except as a medical man,” I an swered firmly. “ i will tell Sir Ilonry that you ha ra neon soma changes in him, and have nskad mo to visiL him t us a doctor. Pleasa trust ma. Nothing wilt bo said to your husband that can make matters at all uncomfortahlo for you.” Lady Studioy did not venturo any further remonatrauca, aud we now npproaohou tuo old Grange. It was an irrogular frle, built evidently according to the wants of the dif ferent families who had lived mit. ine building was long and rambling, with rows of windows fillod up with panes of lattico glass. In front of _ the house was a sweeping lawn, whioh, oven at this time of the year, presented a vel vety and well-kept appearanco. We drove rapidly round to the entranco door, and a moment later I found myself in tho presenco of my hoot and patient. Sir llenry Studioy was a tall man with a very slight stoop, and an aquiline nose aud rather noble face. His eyes were dark, and his forehead inclined to be bald. There was a courtly, old-world sort of look about him. He greeted mo with ex treme friendliness, and we went into too hall, a very targe and lofty apartment, to tea. , ,. , . Lady Studley wa3 vivacious and lively in tlio extreme. While she talked tho heotic spotsoame out again on her oheeks. blv un easiness about her increased its I noticed these symptoms. I felt certain that she was not only consumptive, but in all probability she was even now the victim of an advanoed stage of phthisis. I felt far more anxious about her than about her husband, who ap peared to m9 at tbit moment to be nothing more than a somewhat nervous and hypochon driacal person. This state of things eeomed ea3v to account tor in a scholar and a man of sedentary habits. I remarked about the ago of the house, and my host beoums interested, and told mo oneot two stories of the old inhabitants of tho Grange, ffe suid that to- morrow he would have much pleasure iu taking me over tho building. “ Have you a ghost here?” I a9kod, witha I don't know what prompted me to ask tho question. Tho moment I did so Sir Henry turned white to his lips, and Lady Studley held up a warning finger to mo to intimate that I was on dangerous ground. 1 felt that I was, and hastened to divert the conversa tion into safer channels. Inadvertently I had touched on a rote epot. I scarcely regretted having done so, as the flash iu the baronet s troubled eyes, aud the extreme, agitation of his faoe, showed me plainly that Lady Studley was right when she spoke of his nerves' being in a very irritable con dition. Of course, I did uot believe m gh03ta. and wondered that a man of Sir Henry’s calibre could be at all under the in fluence of this old-world fear. “I nm sorry that we have no one to meet you,” he said, after a few remurksof a cotn monDlace character had dividod ua from tho ghost ouestion. “ Hut to- morrow several friends are coming, and wo hope you will have a pleaaant time. Are you tond of liuut I answered that I used to bo in the old days, before medicine and patients occupied all my thoughts. “If this open weather oontinuos, I oan probably give you some of your favorite paB time,” rejoined Sir Henry ; “and now per haps you would like to be Ehown to your hly bedroom was in a modern wing of tho uveas u.-vras- peaSei/to'tuV*“v.Land.its. 11nizhost not rejoin my host and hostess until dinner time. We had a sociable little meal, at which nothing of any importance oocurred, and shortly after the servants withdrew, Lady Studley left Sic Henry and me to ourselves. She gave me another warning glanoe as she left the room. I had already quite mads up my mind, however, to tell Sir Henry the motive of my visit. The moment the door dosed behind his wife, he started tip and aslted mo if .1 would mind coming with him into his library. “The fact is,” he said, “I am parti cularly glad you hava come down. I want to have a talk with you about iny wife. Sho is extremely unwell.” I signified my willingness to listen to any thing Sir Henry might eay, and in a few minutes we found ouraelve3 comfortably established in a splendid old room, eompletoly clothed with books from ceiling to floor. “ These aremy treasures,’’said iho baronet, waving his hand in the direction of an old bookcase, which contained, I saw at a glance, some very rar9 and precious first editions. “ These are my friends, tho companions of fy hours of solitude. Now sit down, Dr aliiax ; make yourself athome. You huve come here 03 a guest, but I have heard of you before, and am inclined to confide in you. I must frankly say that I hate your profession as a rule. I don’t believo iu the omniscience of medioal men, but moments oorne in the lives of all men when it i3 necessary to unburden the mind to another. May I givo you my confidence 5” “ One moment first,” Isaid. “I oan’t deceive you, Sir Henry. I have come hero, not in the capaoity of a guest, but as your wife’s medical man. She has been anxious about you, and she begged of mo to como and stay here lor a few days in order to render you any medical assistance within my power. I only knew, on my wny here to-day, that she had not acquainted you with tlio □attire of my visit.” While I was speaking, Sir Henry’s faoe became extremely watchful, eager and “This Is remarkable," he said. “So Lucilla t3 anxious.about me? I wa3 not aware that I ever gave her tho least clue to tuo fact that I am not -in perfect health. This is very strange—it troubles me.” He looked agitated. He placed one long, thin hand on the little table whioh atocd.nesr, and pouring out a glass of wine, drank it off. 1 noticed as he did so the nervou3 trembling of his hand. I glanced at LU face, and saw that it was thin to emaciation. “ Well,” he said, “I am obliged to you for being perfectly frank with mo. My wife scarcely did well to conceal the object of your visit. But now that you have come, I shall make use of you both for myself and for “ Thsu you are not well? ” I asked. “Well!” he answered, with almost a shout. “Good God, no! I think 1 am going mad. I know—I know that unless relief soon conies I shall die or become a raving maniac.” “No, nothing of the kind,” I answered, soothingly-; “you probably want change. This i3 a fine old house, but dull, no doubt, in winter. Why don’t you go away ?—to the Riviera, or some other place where there is plenty of sunshine ? Why do you stay here ? The air of this place is too damp to bo good for eithor you or your wife. Sir Henry sat silent for a moment, then he said, iu a terse voice : — “Perhapsyou will adviao mo what to do after you know tho nature of the malady which afflicts me. First of all, however, I wish to spealfof my wPe.” “lam ready to listen,” I repliod. “You soe,’’ he continued, “that she is very delicate? ” “Yes,” I replied: “ to be frank with you, I should say that Lady Studioy was con sumptive;’’ Ho started when I said this, and pressed his lips firmly together. After a moment he 9poke. “ You are right," he replied. “ I had her examined by a medical man—Sir Joseph Dunbar—when I was last in London ; he said her lungs were considerably affected, aad that, iu short, aha was far from well." he not order you to winte " Did abroad 1" , ,, « Ho did. but Lady Studley opposan the idea bo strenuously that I was obliged to yield to her entreaties. Consumption does not seem to take quite the ordinary torm with her. Ghe is restless. Bhe longs for oool air, she goos out on quite oold days, in a closed oarriago, it is true. Still, except at night,she does not regard herself in any sonee as an invalid. She has immense spirit—I think she will keop up until Bhe dieB.” "Yon speak of her being an invalid at night," I roplied. "What are her symD toms ?" . ... Sir Henry shuddered quite visibly. "Oh, those awful nights, he answored. "How happy would many poor mor tals bo but for the terrible time of darkness. Lady Stndley . had dreadful nights for some time ; perspirations, cough, restlessness, bad dreams and all the rest of it. But I must hasten to toll you my story quite briefly. In tne be ginning of October we saw Sir Joseph Dun bar. J should then, by his advice, have taken Lady Studley to tho Riviera, but she opposed the idea with suoh passion and dis tress, that I abandoned it.’’ Sir Henry paused here, and I looked at him attentively. I romembered at that moment what Lady Studley had said about her husband refusing to leave the Grange under any ciroumstnnoes. What a strange gumo of cross-purposes these two ivero play ing. How was it possible for me to get at tho truth? “ At my wife’s earnest request," continued Sir Henry, “wo returned to the Grange.She deolared her firm intention of remaining here nntil she died. " Soon after our return she suggested that we should oooupy separate rooms at night, reminding me, when Bhe made the request, of tho infcotious nature of consumption, I oomplied with her wish on condition that I slept in tho room next hers, and that on the smallest emergency I should be sum moned to her aid. This_ arrangement was made, and her room opbns into mine. I have sometimes heard her moving about at night—I havo often heard her oough, and I have often heard her sigh. But she has never once sent for mo, or given mo to understand that Bhe required my aid. She does not think herself very ill, aud nothing worrits her more than to have'her malady spoken about. That is the part of tho 3tory which relates to my wife." " She is very ill," I said. " But I will speak of that presently. How, will you favor mo with an aocount of your own symptoms, Sir Henry 7" Ho started again when I said this, and going across the room, looked the dooc and put tho key in his pocket. “ l'erhapa you will laugh at mo," he said, “ but it is no laughing matter, I assure vou • Tho most terrible, the most awful aflliotion has como to me. In short, I am visited nightly by an appalling apparition. You don’t believe in ghosts, I juugo that by jour face. Fow scientific men do." "Frankly, 1 do not,” I replied. " So called ghosts cau generally be accounted for. At the most they are only the figments of an over-excited or diseased brain.” “ Be that as it may," said Sir Henry,“tlie diseased brain can give suob torture to its victim thatdeith is preferable. All my life I have been what I consider a healthy-minded man. I have plenty of money, und havo never been troubled with the cares which torture men of commerce, or of small means. When I married, threo years ago, I considered myself the mostluoky and the happiest of mortals.” “ Forgive a personal question,’ I inter rupted. " IIa3 your marriage disappointed " No, no ; far from it,” ho roplied with fervor. " I love my dear wife better acd more deeply oven than tho day when I took her as a bride to my arms. It is true that I am weighed down with sorrow abouthev, but that is entirely oiviug to tho state ot her health.” “ It is strange,” I said, " that she should be weighed down with sorrow about you for tho samo cause^ Have you told her of the “ Never, never. I have never spoken of it to mortal. It is remarkable that my wife should .have told you that I looked like a man who had seen a ghost. Alas 1 alas ! But let mo tell you the cause of my shattered nerves and failing health.” "Tray do, I shall listen attentively,” I re 11 Ob, doctor, that I could make you feel the horror of it!” said Sir Henry, bending forward and looking into my eyes. “Threo months ago 1 no more believed in visitations, in apparitions, in so-oalled ghosts, than you do. Were you tried as lam, yoursoeptioiem would reoeive a shock. Let mo tell you what ocours. Night after nightLndy Studley andl retire to rest at the same hour. We say good night, and lay our heads on onr separate pil lows. Tho door of communication between us is shnt. Sholins a night light in barroom— I prefer darkness. I close my eyes and pre pare for slumber. As a rule I fall asleep. My sleep is of short duration. I awako with bends of perspiration standing on my fore head, with my heart thumping heavily and witli every nerve wide awako, and waiting for tho horror which will come. Sometimes I wait half an hour —sometimes longer. Then I know by a faint ticking sound in the darkness that tho Thing, for I can clothe it with no name, is about to visit mo. In a oortain spot of the room always in tho same spot, a bright light suddenly hashes ; out of its midst thc-ro gleams a prat ernaturally largo eye, which looks fixedly at me with a diabolical expression. As time goes, it does not remain long; but as agony oounts,it seems to take years of my life away with it. It fades as.suddenly into grey mist and nothingness as it oomes, and, wet with perspiration, and straggling to keep back screams of mad terror, I bury my head in the bed clothes.” “But have you never tried to investigate this thing?” I said. “ I did at first. The first night 1 saw it, I rushed out of bed and made for the spot. It disappeared at once. I struck a light—there was nothing whatever in the room.” " Why did you sleep in that room ?” " I must aot go away from Lady Studley. My terror is that she should know anything of this—my greater terror is that the appa rition, failing mo, may visit her. 1 daresay you think I'm a fool, Halifax; but tho fact is, this thing is killing mo, brave man as I consider myself.” 1 ‘ Do you see it every night ? ” I asked. "Not quite evorv night, but sometimes on the same night it comes twice. Sometimes it will not come at all for two nights, or oven three. It is tho most ghastly, tho most hor rible form of torture that could hurry a sauo man into his crave or into a madhouse." “ 1 havo not the least shadow of doubt,” I said, aftor a pause, " that the thing can be aeoounted for.” Sir Henry shook his head. "No, no,” ho. replied, “it is either ns you suggest, • a figment of my own disenaed brain, and therefore just as horrible as a real apparition; or it is a supernatural visitation. Whotbor it exists or not, it is reality tome and in no way a dream. The full horror of it is prosont with mo in my waking moments.” " Do you think "anyone is playing an awful practical joke ?” I suggested. " Certainly not. What object can anyone havo in scaring me to death r Besides, there is no one in the room, that I oan swear. My outer door is looked, Lad^ Studlcy’a outer door is looked. It is impossible that there can be any trickery in tho matter.” I Eaid nothing for a moment. I no more believed in vhosts than I ever did, but I felt certain that there was grave mischief at work. Sir Henry must bo the vic tim of a hallucina tion. This might only bo caused by funciional disturbance of tho brain, but it was quito serious enough to call for immedi ate attention. Tho first thing to do was to find out whether the apparition could he accounted for in any material way, or if it were duo to the state of Sir Henry’s nerves. I began to ask him oortain questions, going fully into the ease in nil its hearings. I then examined his eves with tho ophthalmoscope. Tho result of this was to assure me beyond doubt that Sir Henry Studley was in a highly nervous condition, although I could detect no trace of brain disease. ".Do you mind taking me to your room P” "No to-night,” he answered. “It is late, at l Lady Studley might «SP™“ sc“Bj prise. I'bo objeot of ray hf° t this ho -or from her. When she is out to morro/you shall come to the room and]udge for,y$ «. I shall have an interview with y or wife to-morrow, and ar"® “0B, strong’ r to consent to loavo the Grange and co aww with you." , or Shortly afterwards we retired to rest, or what vent by the name of rest in that sad houso.lwith its troubled inmates. I muBt confesskhat, comfortable as my room v i sloDt virv little. Sir Henry s story stayeu with de all through the hours of darlrness I am Either nervous nor imaginative, but 1 could Jot holp seeing that terriblo eyo, ov inrUrmyhost and hostess at an early breakfast. Sir Henry pioro^dthatastho day whs warm and fine I should nde to a neighboring meet. I was not humor for this, however, and said f^nhly that I should prefer remaming a- tne Grange One glance into the faces of my host ahd hostess told mo only too plainly that I had two very serious patients on my hands.1 Ladv Studley looked tern jly weak and eseited4the heetio spots on her cheeks, the gleaming glitter of her eyes. ke wKM lips, the long, white,, emaciated hands, all showed only too plainly the abides the malady under which Bhe was suffering was “ After all. I oannot urgothat poor girl to go abroad," I said to myself. “ She is hasten ing rapidly to her grave, and no power on earth oan save her. She looks as if the e were extensive disease of the Jungs. Ho reolluea lie* eyoa are, too '■ * ” rather testify to Sir Henry b ssmty than to bGSir Henry Studley also bore traoos of a sleepless night—his face was bloodless ; ho averted his oyes from mine ; lie ate next to nothing. (TO BE C0XT1X0ED.) 