LITERATURE. AUSTRALIA FIFTY YEARS AGO.* j One hopes on opening a book by an early colonist writing in his old age about what he saw of the Australian bush fifty years ago, before the diggings days, to find his narrative well written. But it does not do to expect perfection. Unless the writer was in his youth a close and intelligent observer, and exact in his details never taking refuge in the generalities which give shelter to the lazy man;, and unless he is one who can write graphically about present events, it is not very likely that he will write skilfully, when his memory is fading, about events that happened very long ago. Mr. James Demarr, the author of Adven ture in Australia Fifty Years Ago, claims to have done some writing, but he is not an expert, and the art he least understands is that of selecting and leaving out Many things are described as if they were now mentioned in print for the first time, such as the corroboree and the cooee. A minute account of a corroboree in IS40 would be valuable, no matter how often the black fellows' war dance had been de- scribed before, but Mr. Demarr dismisses in a few sentences a scene which he need hardly have mentioned at all nnleas he had some thing special to say. The same objection may be taken to his directions for making damper. The book has been written up from notes taken at the time, and the author has not known how to sift his materials or bring his know ledge np to date. It is nearly 50 /eats since he left Australia. On page 60 he calls the sheoak the ca-su-a-ring, apparently tainking that that was a native name, instead of casuarina being a latinised word derived from casuarius, the cassowarr, gi\\-en to the tree because its string-like or hair-likei foliage has a fanciful resemblance to the featherlesa quills on the wing of a bird belonging to the 6ame familv as the emu. He speaks of the black snake as having a " sting," and quotes Sir Thomas Mitchell, the explorer, as saying he saw a black snake 8ift. long-absurdities which ought to have been corrected by the light of any modem school book. At the same time we find no fault with the author for saying that the first snake he saw seemed to stand on its tail, with its head on a le\el with his head, for he admits he was in a dreadful fnnk, and had been misled by Lis recollection of Genesis into believing that the serpent had been condemned to go all its life upon its belly. Another complaint to make against Mr. Demarr s book is that it begins drily, and the reader who decides bv the Erst few sips whether to stop or go on might be discouraged from giving the narra tive the close attention which, after a little examination, it is found to deserve. It is. when you get into it, a really excellent book, j Tlie disagreeables of a five months' voyage in the poor kind of 400-ton ship available in 1839 for persons emigrating to Australia are spoken of in chapteronein thegrumblingspirit which in variably comes ont at sea. A sensible man consoles himself when he thinks of long-past hardships by looking back on them with a good-humoured smile. One never groans over having been two or three days without water when lost in the bush, or lining had to put up with short allowance of fresh food during Hood or a famine, but somehow people remember for years with an aggrieved feeling the tongh pork and the mou!dy biscuit of a long voyage. They are sure to do it if they happened to be travel ling free of expense-i.e., as Government immigrants-and had not laid out a penny of their own money on the journey. The 'tween-deck passengers by the Heber (iWO in nutnler), sailing from Liverpool in February, 1839, were safely carried 16,000 miles across the ocean, boarded and lodged free of cost to themselves for 150 days, and landed in good health; yet one of them remembers in 1833, as if it were only yesterday, that the sleeping accommodation was poor and the fare hard, that for the last few weeks they had no sugar (until they stole some out of the ship's stores), and bad bad biscuits until tbey helped themselves ou£ ot the supplies issued to the sailors. The Hel«er landed her immigrants at Sydney, of which Mr. Demarr does not remember much that is interesting. lie visited the police courts, and j eaw a sailor put in the stocks for being drunk. It is not till Mr. Demarr gets into the bush that he l»ecomes interesting. He seems to have been of a roving disposition, and re mittances came from home often enough to prevent his ever settling down. He might, when visiting Melbourne in 1840, have bought an acre of city land for £25, which in a few years would have magnified itself into thousands, but he did not Bee the good, and was not sure that he would come back. He travelled hundreds of miles on foot, much oi the time alone, for the mere sake of seeing the country. His early experiences in the army-he became a soldier to escape from the tedium of farm dnty-seem to have unfitted him for sticking toany set occupation. He was always seeking for adventures. His first big journey was from Sydney to Melbourne overland, and he "worked his passage" in various capacities. He helped to drove sheep from Queanbeyan, in the Goulburn district, New South Wales (where he stayed nine months) to Yackandandah (then called Yocandandah) and the Ovens I and King's River, in the Port Phillip district The travelling was pleasant to him, because the route 'led to Melbonrne, which he was eager to see, yet the journey took five months. There was great difficulty crossing the Murray with the sheep. Tbey would not swim, and after trying several expe dients, which all failed, the drovers put them in a boat ant) ^tolled them over, 90 a time, the operation of ferrying 3,000 sheep consuming a whole week. Every name of old colonist * Adventure* in Australia, 1889-1844. By James Demur. London; Swan, Sonnemchein, and Oo. or fellow-traveller, cr of township or bush , inn or river or crwk, revives pleasant | memories, and all who like to read abont the , early history of places that have grown np to be important will prize even the smallest of the many details which are given in the l>ook. The sheep were for Mr. Livingstone, who formed a station somewhere near the Benalla of to-day, and the overseer in charge was a Scotch doctor named M'Keachie. All the " working hands" excepting Mr. Demarr were ticket-of-leave men, who had been transported for small offences, and given their liberty, and assigned to service during good behaviour. Mr. Demarr reports well of most of the assigned servants he met with in New South Wales or the Port Phillip dis trict. There were robberies and sticking-up here and there (he had all his money stolen from him once in the most barefaced manner by a bollock-driver); bnt, as a rule, the bush hands were well behaved. Mr. Demarr saw no very bad ones until he visited Moreton Bay, and he believes that the severe discipline con victs were subjected to in Brisbane was the [ cause of the old hands in that partof Australia ! turning out a bad lot when gi\en their j liberty, " I am the devil and you are in hell,*' | was the welcome the convict arriving from j Sydney got from the officer who was for some i time in charge at Brisbane. Men trained under the devil were sure to prove the sort of persons to regard the shooting of an aborigine as good spott on out-of-the-way cattle i stations, where the scrub was thick and the j blacks " troublesome." One of the privations Mr. Demarr felt most in the bush was the want of books and news papers. He mentions the finding of an old torn number of the Spectator at a camping-; place, and how he read it over and over again until the matter so impressed itself on his j mind that he could not keep it out of his | diary or even this boot. He quotes from an j article on the black bottle incident in the j career of Lord Cardigan, the martinet colonel I1 of Hussars who had one of his captains court-martialled for putting a vulgar black bottle of wiue on the mess-table. Twelve or fourteen years afterwards, Lord Cardigan had | his part in the famous Balaclava charge j br the Light Brigade, which he led in J but did not lead out. On the droving J jonmey the doctor overseer tound at a station they called at a life of Mary J Queen of Scots, by Mackay. The book was borrowed, and Demarr was appointed to j read it aloud at night in camp. One reading i did not suffice; it was demanded over and j over again, and here we must let Mr. Demarr: | speak for himself:- j " What a picture we and our surroundings j would have made on th^se reading nights Aud 110 individual or habitation nearer to us , than ten miles, and sometimes all so still \ [ anrl quiet. Not a sound to be heard but our j own \oices. or the occasional croaking of a j ' frog, the playful gambols of opopunis in the ; : gum trees, and the rushing rapid waters ot' i the Vackondandah. J i With the exception of Jack Fannon, j none of these men could read or write, !>ut I ' all had heard something relative to Mary j ' Queen of Scots. The narrative was well j written, and when we came to the close, which described her tragical end, then did the general interest reach its climax, and I : am afraid if 'good* Queen Bess could have ! made her appearance amongst us she would have had an unpleasant reception, for all the old histories make Elizabeth thechipf actor in ' the murder of Mary. But in the discussions we had upon the contents of the book, our ' shrewd doctor had a word to say in defence ' of Elizabeth, who, he said, being the head of i the state, on her was cast all the odium | of Mary's execution. But Maty, he said, '' would" never have lost her life it it had not 1 l>een for the power behind the throne, the 1 nobility, and Court favourites of the time, who, under pretence of reforming religion, had plundered the Church, and appropriated the lands and wealth belonging to it. And Mary, being a Roman Catholic, had she been permitted to reign, their ill-gotten gains might have been in peril. That danger i they were determined should nerer happen. They would have sacrificed twenty Matys rather than lose their hold of their ill-gotten p' under.* ** On another occasion, when Demarr was working as stockman for Mr. Bosworth on the Devil's River (now Delatite) he got hold of Watt«'e Logic* or Right Use of Reason, but could make no progress with it He tried several times, bnt invariably broke down, nor did any of the station hands ask to have more than a page or two read aloud. At last a prize arrived on the station, Jfiekoltu Siddtbu: ,£ Now we were bappy; and that night I commenced readingit to my companions, who were delighted; bnt to show that there was an innate good nature in these fellows they ad vised that the reading should be stopped until the men of two or three stations near us had been invited to come and hear it r.'ad. So the next day the news of our good fortune was passed nrand to the stations, and the men invited to come, and readily did thev respond to the invitation. " The book, as a matter of course, was always read at night, and the but was full of attentive listen ere. The nights were cold and frost?; but we always had a potions log fire, and our only light to read by was the usual one-a piece of twisted rag stock into a pint tin fall of melted fat It would have de lighted the heart of a philanthropist to have seen how these fellows enjoyed the reading of this l>ook. H I could have read till day light they would not tire. To see the close attention they gave to the reading, and to bear their remarks at the finish, was inte resting and amusing also. To them it was a real life history, Mid their sympathies were all with the honest and good characters in the story. Two of the listeners came from a station seven miles distant^ bnt as all could not leave their stations 1 agreed to read it a second time in order that those who were by necessity prevented from hearing it the first time might experience the same enjoyment " After the reading there was always an animated conversation on the incidents and characters, before the men would disperse to the several homes. . "So strong an impression dtd the incidents in this book make upon the minds of those who heard it read that before I left calves and puppies and tame pet birds were named after the characters in Nicholas KicMtby" Not only at the Devil's River, but daring the greater part of the time he was in Aus tralia, Mr. Demarr enjoyed the best of health. "We were never ill," he writes; "the climate and outdoor exercise were our I doctor." Son day was the day of rest, but I they sometimes lost their reckoning of both i the day of the week and the day of the , month. In such a case, after vainly | trying to argue themselves right, some ;One would ride over to the next i station. The next station might not know . either, and after more signing the ride (would be prolonged to Messrs. Hunter's station, " thirty miles down the river." Ur. Deniirr remembers being very hard np fur a pipe, and on being told that if he went to a deserted station he would find one on the ledge under the roof of the hut, he took a Jong day's ride to get it He found the pipe, stared in the hut all night, and came back next day. One thing unaccountable to him is that bnshmen did not mind sleeping by themselves In lonely huts. "If I had to sleep in an empty house in England mv rest would be disturbed-1 would have night mare. And why V Perhaps it is the fear of ghosts that lingers in all oM countries. There is but one ghost story in the book, the, Xepean ghost story, which Mr. Demarr quotes I at secondhand. Where he writes from hisown : : knowledge Mr. Demarr is matter-of-fact, and his claim to have been guilty of 110 exacgera tion may be, so far as we can see, allowed without hesitation. When Demarr first saw Melbourne in 1840 he thought it a big town. Though its popu lation was under 3,000, it naturally seemed , large to a man who had been for months in j the bush, seldom visiting a township, seldom I seeing any men but stray travellers or shep- j herds and stockmen, and rarely or never j seeing a woman. Mr. Livingstone, who met his overseer with the sheep at the King River, after selecting the head-qnarters for a station there, went on with the spare stock to Melbourne, and Demarr with him. On their arrival they camped on Flagstaff Hill (what is left of it now is at the top of King street), putting the stock in a paddock near br- Demarr was happy because Melbourne supported a weekly newspaper, which told him how the world was getting on. He was puzzled with the number of Ores he saw about at night-they were the piles of stumps and brandies of trees which had been dug np during the day "in the newly- outlined streets." Collins-street was the only tho rough fare deserving to be called a street, for it contained a continuous line of houses on both sides at the west end. The next best i thing to the weekly newspaper Demarr | happened on was the fruit-stall kept by a * nian at the top of Collins-street, but the 1 price of his apples-from Van Diemen'sLand j -was the exorbitant amount of 161. a pound* j Our immigrant of 1839-44 was ever hanker ing after fruit, of which little was then ! grown in Australia. He noted the Episco | palian Church at the west end of Collina ? street, built of solid hard stone found in the ; vicinity (volcanic lava). It had reached a ! j height of two or three feet, and there stopped j j for want of funds. St. James's, the place ! i meant, is the oldest church in Melbourne, i The early colonists called it the pepper-! castor, from the shape of its tower. Mr. ; Demarr did not see it completed, and there- j fore has little to say about it Dean Macart-! ney, now in his Wth year, who did not arrive | in Australia until three years after Mr. j Demarr left, preached his 4Gih anniversary j sermon ih St James's a few Sundays ago. j Mr. Demarr mentions few of the sights of I the town, but he chronicles a terrible night with fleas in a boarding-house kept by a j woman who would only take in " respectable lodgers," and he speaks about the walk he j took after crossing the river to Liardet's | Beach {now Port Melbourne) to get a swim in the sea. Liardet, he says, kept a seaside hotel, and Melbourne people went to stay with him when they wanted a change of air. It is impossible to follow Mr. Demarr closely to the end of his interesting experi ences. We have said he was fond or tramp ing. He went to Sydney by a brig, and lack to Melbourne overland. No special business brought him back-he just wanted to traverse tamiliar ground and look up old friends. On each of the stations he had previously been to the "hands" begged him to stay for at least a week for com pany. It was then that he took service under Mr. Bosworth on the Devil's River. His next big journey was from Sydney to Moreton Bay, which he began on foot. His first intention was to go by way of New castle, the Hunter River district/and the Ciarence, but strange obstacles arose. Men travelling alone were suspected to lie either ticket-of-leavers out of bounds or bushrangers. Mr. Demarr found that he might he stopped on some of the stations occupied by the Peel River Com pany because he was without a permit oroer ficate to show that he was a free man. To avoid being interfered with he gave the poliee a wide berth. His questions as to where they were quartered raised suspicion, and a bush hand, thinking to earn a reward, "gave him away^ to the police, who found him out and locked him np. He has identified Muswell brook bb being the scene of his arrest. He was nearly being sent to Sydney, but after keeping him ip custody for some days the magistrate changed his mind and let him go. After that Demarr picked np a mate, lived for some time on a station on the Gwydir River, and eventually found his wwy to the Darling Downs via New England. On the Downs he again became a "suspect," but it snited him to be one, because the policeman who had his eye on him was bound for Brisbane, and Demarr, being bound there too was glad to have an escort. The policeman travelled to Moreton Bay via Cunningham's Gap and Limestone (Ipswich), and when they reached Brisbane they parted the best of friends. Mr. Demarr gives a very good account of Brisbane in 1£43-a much fuller one than of Sydney or Melbourne. It should be good reading for old Queenslandeis. He has here much to say about the blacks, but little of it is new, and most of it "cadged " fcom Sir Thomas MitchelL He speaks of a white man named Baker, who had escaped from prison, and lived fourteen rears with a local tribe. When Baker gave himself op, in 1842, the penal settlement at Brisbane he escaped from had just been closed, and it was not until Sydney had been communicated with that the authorities knew how to provide for the returned prisoner. He was appointed black interpreter. Baker's name among the blacks was Booralsha. The currency in More ton Bay was paper-orders. I O ITs, and promissory notes. Station hands were paid in orders on Brisbane or Sydney, and they often failed to get cash for the paper on presentation. When Demarr, after being a year on a station on the Upper Bristane, took his orders to town, no one would honour them. Some were drawn on Sydney, and when he presented them there they were repudiated " as forgeries." The real troth was that in 1843-4 nearly everyone was stone-broke in Sydney and any exense served for evading liability. Mr. Demarr mentions one curious fact. Falling ill of fever and ague while on the Cpper Brisbane Kiver, he tramped SO miles from the station he was on to Brisbane, and when he applied at the hospital for admission he was told only convicts and Government ser vants could be taken in. However, the over seer in charge stretched a point in his favour, housing him for a night, and the medical superintendent, the only doctor in the town, gave him a quart bottle of quinine mix ture. Here we must break off. Mr. Demarr left Australia in 1844, bound for Kngland via the Horn. His remittances had arrived, and he wanted to see home. He left never to return, but he kept np an interest in the colonies by reading books on them, and he makes ex tracts from Mr. D. A, M'Donald's Cum Bough* and Wattle Blossom*. The ship that took him away from Sydney was dismasted when trying to round the Horn, and had to put into Conception, on the coast of Chili, for repairs. Mr. Demarr's experiences in South America do not interest Australians. We have found his story very entertaining, still there is a good deal in it to skip, lite illustrations are numerous, but such as give drawings of blades are badly done. The figures represented are not those of Aus tralian blacks at all; they seem to have been copied from old engravings or lithographs, the work of persons who did not know how to draw. At the beginning there is an np-to date map of Australia, on which the author has marked with red lines the course of his wanderings in the divisions of the continent now known as New Sooth Wales, Victoria, and. Queensland. 