ABOUT SUICIDES. "If you attempt, desperately, and uu gratefully, and impiously, and fraudu lently attempt, to drown yourself, or hang yourself, I'll have no pity on you, for I have made up my mind to Put all auicideDown." Thus Alderman Cute in " The Chimes," one of the most delight ful of Dickens's Christmas stories. Suicide was, of course, only one of the many things which the worthy Alderman had determined to Put Down. The list included " boys with cut shoes and stockings," "wandering mothers, with babies ;" "nall young mothers, of all sorts and kinds;" "all aick persons and young children." etc But above and before all these nuisances, the good man placed suicide. "If there is one thing," said the Alderman with his eatisfed smdle, "on which 1 can he said to lhave made up my mind more than another, it is-to put Suicide Down. So don't try it on." An unhappy being who, worn out with an agonising struggle againstcruelfortune,despondent and hope less, had attempted to take his own life, was recently sent to gaol for three months. The fact 'seems to suggest that the Chief Justice, Sir John Madden, who passed the sentence, is quite as determined as Alderman Cute to Put Down suicide. IMen look on approvingly and say, "It's a very proper thing. Suicide must be Put Down 1" How? Well, as Hamlet remarked at a critical point in his soliloquy on the same subject, "That is the question!" Plainly the subject is double-sided. \- There is the social--i.e, the State -aspect of it, and there is the reliious. \- With the latter a Supreme Court judge Shas little to do. His duty is to administer human law, and the Legislature has de clared attempted self-murder to be a crime meriting punishment. Not often, however, is punishment actually imr posed. Rather does mercy largely season the exercise of earthly power in such cases. Seldom does an offender go beyond a court of the first instance. Usage is kinder than the law. The magistrate having satisfied himself that the accused is repentant, and that friends are prepared to look after him, says a few words of sympathetic admonition, and sends him back to "make the best of both worlds." Or, finding that the degree of insanity, of which the tendency to suicide is usually a symptom, is such as renders the course necessary, he commits his poor, broken down brother man to a suitable asylum. George Westhorpe was exceptionally treated on being committed for trial. He was yet more exceptionally dealt with, after pleading guilty, in being sent to to gaol, there to try to learn the lesson set to him by the Chief Justice-" that respon- sibilities and troubles were sent upon people to teach them to cultivate what was one of the nobler parts of man, en- durance under affliction." Poor Wes- e thorpe ! One might imagine that in his T fifty years of life he had already learned h as much of that lesson" as he was ever likely to assimilate. d Yet not well enough had he learned it, t1 appears to have been the judicial idea. u To brand him as a criminal, to herd him o with thieves and vagabonds, with men " who had deceived and robbed their fellows, with brutal footpads and child a violaters-this presumably is held to be a good way of impressing the lesson on his e memory. His Honor will pardon us a a suspicion that the sense of disgrace which i this decent and honest, though weak, man must now feel may, wthen he emerges from a felon's cell, operate on his mnnd as an additional motive to suicide. The learned judge admitted that the man's offence was induced " without his having the de sire to injure anyone else," and then di lated upon the interest the State had in Is discouraging moral cowardice. So it has ti in discouraging lies (political and other), p unchastity, and all unclaritableness-all it that is unlovely in the human character m The interest of the State is undoubted, buhot how does it comomore than nominally into question in a case of attempted c suicide? It . "I do not believeo." remarks a recent mi writer on the subject, "that any man se was ever deterred from suicide by the re- of Section that it is a felony." Given the g1 state of mind in which a man seriously w -attempts his own life, what human e penalty can he possibly fear? Besides, as Mr W. S. Lilley asks in the current a number of the "Contemporary Re- E view," what is the true rationale of ci punishment' It is first vindictive. cu "The proper account of punishment," tl says Mr Lilley, "is that it is correla- bi tive of culpability." If a man has no ti desire to injure anyone else, in what does Iis culpability consist ? The Chief Jus tice furnishes the answer. Weathorpe has a wife and three children dependent upon him. "Instead of seeking to carry i out your responsibility," said the judge, "you deprived them of their bread winner and the comfort of your h experience and knowledge of the ci "world." Apart from the fact that fn 'this is precisely what for three months P the law has now done, it seems a sound P reason why the man ought to have been prosecuted for attempted desertion of his c1 family, and required to find sureties that he would not leave them, either by the ti avenue of suicide or any other. Possibly el the sureties would have been forthcoming b had they been asked for. On the ethics of sucide how much has been said and written ! Last year Mr William Archer contributed to an inter. esting discussion on the subject in the "T Westmister Gazette." Ro boldly S:pronouncesagainst"medieval superstition ii against self-effacement" as "a ghost ti which goes gibbering through the wvorld al .and the newspapers with no real vitality ti in it, and declares his inability to find a . prohibition against suicidein scripture." This though Hamlet, apparently on some ,suthority, says that the Everasting has "fixed his canon 'againstself-slaughter." b Mr Aricher is an altogether dreadful .person. He would have the State "pro Svidethe man who was tired of life with a li place and mechanism forputting his body aFway in a decent and self-respecting fashion." Nothing more creepy could be imagined-except it be that extra ordinary suicide story told by Coulson Kernahan, in his "Book of Strange Sins." The whole situation is finely put in *ryden's Don Sebastian, i.. which Mr a Aricher alludes, albeit that the casuist onds a strainued interpretation for the last two lines. Here are the poet's noble words: .Deisth msybescall'd invainand cnort oomer, Nor has a Christian privilege to die. " Brtus and Cato might discharge tkeir souls, : :?ad give 'em furlough for another world; Bet we, like sehtries, are obliged to stand In starless niahts, and wait the appointed I hour. - 'ihere is the line of di~ marked out clear and true, but what says the shade et Dryden to giving a man three months' gaol because the poor battered spirit grow weak enough to imagine that the i "appointed time' had actually arrived! 1 