CAN SPIRITS BE PHOTO GRAPHED? AN OLD TRICK REVIVED. This is the question which Dr. Dean Clarke answers in the “Californian Illustrated” with an emphatic affirma tive. “In his extensive travels as a lecturer through thirty-two of the United States, the writer has learned of many cases of spirit forms appearing, sporadi cally, as it were, on the negatives or plates of artists who knew nothing of and behoved nothing in spirit photography till such forms unaccountably appeared. In two cases of this sort, where these forms, persisted in appearing against every effort to prevent, the artists, who were educated in superstitions, abandoned their business believing that ‘ the devil was in it,* as they said.” He tells how. in 1871, he visited Mr., Mumler, the famous spirit photographer of Boston. “ I requested him to allow an examination of his instruments and to bo permitted to see the entire process. Ho consented. I had him cut a new sheet of glass for the negative, and 1 watched with an eagle eye every motion from beginning to end. Hoping to get a picture of my mother, if any, I fixed my thought upon her as I took my seat. Bat just as Mumler uncapped his instrument, the name Angelino was as vividlylmpressed upon my mind, as though spoken audibly, three successive times. I followed Mumler into his closet and saw him de velop the negative, and as soon as washed he held it, up to the light and I recognised at first sight my cousin Angeline’s likeness.” In the following -week, Dr. Olarke and a friend called again on Mr. Mumler. “We then had him cut a new sheet of glass for the negatives and, as I had done before, we both watched critically the entire process. I sat for my picture first, and while the negative was dripping with water Mumler showed it to us, and I was overjoyed to see on it a clear likeness of my mother, who had been in spirit life about nine years.” Another sitting was taken with the hope of a more distinct picture of Dr. Clarke’s mother, “ When the negative was developed, much to the surprise and chagrin of the artist, but greatly to my surprise and pleasure, a picture of an In dian instead of my mother wbs found on it. This was great a test to me as though my mother had appeared again; for more than a score of clairvoyants in various parts of the country had des scribed such a spirit as one of my guardians, and for seventeen years I bad felt bis healing magnetism, and often had been psychologically controlled by him to speak his language. . . . We were both familiar with the various methods by which counterfeits are produced, and took .special precautions that Mumler should have no opportunity to use them if so disposed ; bat it is simply justice to him to say he cheerfully gave us every opportunity to detect any attempt at deception we desired.” Dr. Olarke does not merely recount these experiences ;. ho prints along with bis story what be declares to be reproduc tions of those photographs of himself and spirits. White shadowy forms,- - said to represent “ Angeline,” his mother, and his Indian familiar, appear in the portraits above his head. There are given in all .ovE-a dozen--"‘‘-phntogWpMS''of ghosts.” “ Photography as'evidence ”■ is, however, subjected- to. a vigorous and humorous criticism by Mr. El A; Jolf in the “ Idler.” He starts from Mr. Gladstone’s allegation in 1890 concerning men being shadowed by the Irish constabulary. “ That stands upon evidence, because it has been made the subject of u photograph.” Mr. Jelf straightway proceeds lo reduce this argu ment ad absurdum by'producing photo graphs showing Mr. Irving and Miss Lottie Ootlins joining in dancing to “ Ta-ra-ra-booradb-ny j” and Mr. Glad stone at the door of a (Seven Dials public house. Nay, the appears in double, shooting himself, executing him self, chalking on his own back, etc. These are to prove that “ photographic evidence is worthless.” At a first ex posure, part of the plate may be covered up at a second only that part exposed, with all manner of absurd combinations as the. result. But one picture shows a man seeing a ghost. In this case, “ the diaphanous appearance of the ghost is-not much harder to explain ; the lady who sits for the ghest retires before the ex posure is complete, but the rest of the picture is allowed its full time, and this comes out in a normal way. Honce the contrast between the ghost and the bodily man.” 