<1Ti»;5ff»R'<T&LLfcR; J [?] Br" ' ' S JtAM MIDDLEMA5S SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chaptkr? I. and II. — Sir Louis Dunraven, of Al'ovnc Court, has two nephews, Clement Dunraven ami Pierce Vaughan. The baronet wishes the former to ma rr v Lady Gertrude Verschoyle, and makes it a condition of him leaving him his property that he should propose to her at once. He consents, but with a secret sorrow. Pierce Vaughan, who is in love with Gertrude, determines that he will discover the secret of his cousin, and accidentallv finds a note in the following terms " Dearest Clem,— Thanks for your dariing note. I will meet you at the usual place on Tuesday at dusk— Yourever loving Beta." Clement doss as his uncle desires him, and proposes to and is accepted by Lady Gertrude. Pierce Vaughan hears of the engagement with chagrin. As he is walking in the grounds trying to cool his fevered brow be distinctly s es a strange woman leave them. So suddenly had she appeared and disappeared that she seems like a ghost. Taut of Chapter IH. — Clement Dunraven, after his engagement with Lady Gertrude, visits a little cottage about four miles from Aboyne Court, and tliere meets Lisbeth Glendenning, whom, in a weak moment, he has made his wife. CHAPTER III. — (Continued). Clement watched the fearful struggle which conflicting feelings were causing, and af last grew somewhat impatient at the delay. He bated the wHole scene, hated his uncle for forcing him into it, hated Lady Gertrude for being the innocent cause, and hated himself most of all for having been so weak as to be lured from his allegiance to Lisbeth. Ho would have it over quickly, why did she delay ? By dint of much false reasoning he had arrived at the conclusion that it all mattered very little, since if he married Lady Gertrude t wenty times over, he should always love Lisbeth best, and to a girl iu Lisbeth's position the fact of not being his acknow ledged wife could not make any real differ ence. When old Josh died Clement knew full well that she would not have a single sixpence, and he would not be able to give her anything if she forced him to acknow ledge his marriage, whereas, once let him grasp Sir Louis' fortune and he would take good care that Lisbeth lived in clover. They had been a pair of fools to get themselves into this position, and it was only making matters worse to go on with it, if Lisbeth could only be persuaded to see things in a proper light. " Well, Bet1-," he said at last, " yon take a long time to make np your mind, and after all it is not such a very serious affair You will see me quite as often as you do now, and I will take care yon never have a trouble or a thought about money." " It's not that, Clem, it is not myself I am thinking of ; I would sacrifice money and rmpp:iitBs uoin, ior your au vantage ; uiat you know full well. It always seems to me as if it were a woman's privilege to suffer for the man she loves." j " That being your idea I do not see that much difficulty remains," said Clem. " Yes, there is one. I am going to tell you my determination, Clem. I hope it will not make you angry. Anyway, you will have to abide by it." He drew her towards him once more and kissed her. "Sweet love, you were always good to me." " But you have not yet heard what I have to say. It all depends on the child, Clem. If it is a girl I will consent to be silent about the marriage, and let her suffer as her mother will, iu order to give her father riches and place. A little mora or le39 misery will not make much difference in a woman's life. But if the child is a boy I will not have my marriage kept a secret, he most take his father's name and inherit the baronetcy as his father's heir." Clement Dunraven looked at her aghast. " Good heavens, Lisbeth, what nonsense. Why should a boy be more considered than a girl ? On the contrary he can make his way in the world whena girl cannot do so." " It seems to me, Clem," she said, speak ing with much dignity, " that you have come here to day to ask of me the very greatest favor a man can ask a woman, even to give up her reputation and good name for his sake. If I grant this favor and consent to take my place among the outcasts of society for your dear sake, it must be on my own terms. Once again I repeat, if the o'hild yet to be born is a boy he must take your name and in herit your title." " But, my dearest Bett, it will be weeks yet before we shall know.- My uncle's orders that this marriage with Lady Gertrude takes place at onoe are imperative. He is in very bad health, and if he should die before the event comes off, then everything is lost." " All that, Clem, you must arrange accord ing to your judgment. Marry Lady Ger trude to-morrow if you like, only if my child is a boy I shall announce my prior claim ; if it is a girl I will go whither you will, do as you wi-1, trusting to your love that you will not desert me utterly. You see I have strong belief in yon, in spite of your weakness, my Clem." (< I shall never forsake you, Bett. 1 mil be true to you until death, although you are placing me in a very difficult position new.'' "The position is difficult, my beloved ; it has always been difficult ; until the end comes it will remain so. Now, dear, do not let us talk any more about this other marriage which you are going to contract, but be happy in each other's love for a brief space. Grand father is very ill and I must return to him I soon or he will be wearying for me." \- f Ybu are veiy Mfid to your gra&tHeiv; Beit. Far kinder than youareto me, and yet jhe bas been cruel to you." " All men are; cruel," she answered, most cruel when they seem to love you best." - .... - . Clement D onraVen winced. Lisbeth would soaroely plea-u him as much -us she had hitherto done, if she began to give him truisms instead of kisses. Could it be possible that the power she bad over him for many months past was already a little on the " wane. No, there waB no woman in the whole world like Lisbeth. He was only a little provoked at her to-day, because she would not obey his wishes implicitly. He loved ber all the better for . her loyalty, would ever love her the best on earth. " I fervently and ardently wish that Lady Gertrude was dead," he said, encircling Lis beth in a very close embrace. " Oh, Clem, how wrong it is to talk like that. For the last two days I have bsea madly, wildly jealous of that beautiful Lady Gertrude V ersehoyle, bat to-day I pity her from my very heart. Yes, I do think, Clem, that she needs pity even more than I do, who am your rejected, deserted wife." "You are neither rejected nor deserted, sweet one. You are only helping me to obtain a fortune, which will be most advan tageous to us both." " You will be very good to Lady Ger trude, Clem. You will not let her see that she is second in your affections." " I will try and do my duty by her, Bett. But it will be very difficult, knowing all the while that she is uneurping your place." " I wonder if she loves you, Clem, loves you as much as I do " " Confound her, that is just what she does. If she did not adore me quite so palpably it would not have entered into Uncle Louis h8ad to foroe this, marriage." " Poor Lady Gertrude !'' again repeated lisbeth. She took a . sort of pleasure m tor turing herself with thinking out the future relations between her Clement and Lady Ger trude. By sight she knew Lady Gertrude Vers choyle very well. The Earl, as Lord Mel- bury was called by all the people in and around Coleshill, owned most of the property in those parts, and was looked up to as if he were a small king. Lisbeth was strongly imbued with the veneration in which the Earl and all his family were held. In fact, it is very doubtful if she would haye con sented to waive her claims on Clement, since she was really and truly his wife, for any star of lesser magnitude than Lady Ger- tiude. To her unsophisticated mind it seemed a kind of honor to herself that her Clement should be called upon to make such a grand alliance, and that she, an unknown and in significant minim, should be brought into rivalry with the greatest lady of the county. Uneducated people like Lisbeth Glendin- til nor llCWfi nf fha fir. cumatances which arise in life, hence her willingness to give place to Lady Gertrude, if the son and heir, whose portion she con sidered ought to be her first thought, did not come between them. The word bigamy and the chance that Clement stood of having his first marriage found out, and standipg in a dock for his pains, never onc9 entered her head. If die chose to give him up what right had anyone else to interfere, she would have asked. They v did not discuss the situation any farther, there seemed nothing more to say. They tried to be happy again for the few fleeting moments left to them. A bar, how ever, had come across the escutcheon of their happiness, and life would never again be the same for . either of them, although neither realised what trouble in the future they had been preparing for themselves. At last a hoarse cry from the upper room put a stop to the interview, which had as sumed a painfully strained character. It was old Josh who had awakened from' a sleep, fretful and angry at finding himself alone, and was calling Lisbeth. ««God fd/lnsBliig ; him hurriedly, and may yodr happiness . \- be as great as is the lbve-: of your-- poor de serted E»e$t."r " ' -v- -.v.— \ j She was gone, and ho stood alone by the doorpost foraome minutes after/she had left him.- : - . . : ' Not until she was gone did h© seem folly to take in "how terrible was the position in which he found himself. He was encaged to Lady Gertrude Verschoyle, with the full consent of his unole and the Earl of Mel- bury. Before many hours were over there would be paragraphs in all the society papers announcing the approaching marriage in high life, and yet the realisation of the event depended entirely ' on a freak of chance. If Lisbeth's child were a boy, his previous mar riage would be made known, and branded with the name of blackguard he would go forth into the world a pauper. What a fool Lisbeth was. What good would it do the bey to be a baronet, since he would have no money to keep up his position ; but to reason any farther with her on the subject would, he felt, be very useless. Lisbeth was always unflinchingly firm to her resolutions, Clement Dunraven looked anything but an expectant and happy bridegroom as he stood there waiting and hoping that Lisbeth might come back. He did not expect that, however eloquent or imperious he might be, it would be of any avail, but h8 felt he might as well make one more effort to bring her to what he was pleaded to consider — reason. But Lisbeth did not return. Old Josh was querulous, and wanted her ; moreover, she did not oare for any further talk with Cle ment ; their late conversation bad filled her mind with eo much torturing and perplexing thought that she preferred to be alone, as alone that is as Josh's constant requirements would permit. She knew quite well that Clement was still standing by the backdoor, because he could not have gone away without her hear ing his foot-fall on the gravel path, and she wondered what he cculd be doing there so long, but sbe made no attempt to go and see. After a long time, just as old Josh fell asleep ouce more, she heard him walk away, and going to the window, she saw him slowly strolling through the garden with bent back and lowered head, looking the very incarnation of misery. Then Lisbeth's overflowing heart could stand the strain that had been put upon it no longer. She fell on her knees beside a chair and v?ep% as those only weep to whom the future brings no hope. Absolutely absorbed by her desperate grief she saw nothing, heard nothing while the paroxysm lasted, and though some one rang the bell at the front door of the cottage, the sound never reached her. A second time it pealed more loudly, but still Lisbeth heeded it not, and the visitor, impatient at being kept waiting, went rouDd the back. Clement Dunraven was well out of sight by this time, but he had rashly left evidences of his presence in the shape of a note on the window sill close by. The man, for it was a man, who bad prowled round in search of some inmate, took up the note and looked at it curiously. It- bore do superscription, and was therefore, he probably considered, public property. Any way, he opened it, for it was merely folded and not fastened iu any way. An exclamation rose to his lips when he saw the handwriting, which he recognised at once, though the missive was iu pencil. He had not time, however, to make himself master of its contents, for Lisbeth, having partially recovered from the storm that was raging at her heart, came down the stairs in order to resume her daily occupations in the kitchen, and to prepare some soup for the old man's next wakwg. The man, shy at being caught in the act of prying, dropped the note ; the next moment he regretted that he had not pocketed it. But it was too late, Lisbeth was already at the door. She did not know the man. She did not remember ever having seen him before, and wondered why he had come, Bince etr&ngfeia; oalled butranriyattfiekcottage. She afeked him somewhat roughly what he wanted. With her quick sense of discrimina tion she saw that he was a gentleman, though not a pleasant one, she decided at the same moment.' " 1 Was coming into Coleshill to-day, so I was asked to call here by Lady Marcia Fol- jambe. She wishes to know how Mr Glen- dinning is, and if there is anything she can do for him ?" " Thank you, there is nothing. My grand- - father is very ill — the doctor says he will not live many days." "And you are here all alone, my poor girl ?" " I an) alone — yes." He looked at her swollen eyes, for which her grandfather's hopeless condition ac counted, bat which scarcely marred her superb, Juno-lit© beauty, and he felt en slaved. " Shall I not send you a nurse, or one of Lady Marcia's servants would come." ' ( Lady Marcia is very good, but I can do all that is necessary, thank you, and I want nothing." The tone wa3 majestic, and the bearer of the message from Brent wells felt himself dis missed. He lifted his hat and turned to walk away. " There is a note or something lying there," he said, carelessly, as he did so. Lisbeth blushed crimson. She knew full well whose note it was, but he did not appear to remark her trouble ; he only smiled com placently as he saw her take it up. "Good taste ; by Jove, Clement has good taste in women. Of coarse, that is Beta. How lucky to have discovered this secret. It may be useful." The man who had called at the cottage was Pierce Vaoghan, hnd he had recognised Lisbeth as the woman he had. seen in Brentwells Park on the night of the ball. CHAPTER IV. — Where Has She Gone ? "We have much pleasure in announcing that the marriage of Lady Gertrude Verschoyle, only daughter of the Earl of Melbory, and Mr Clement Dunraven, nephew and heir of Sir Louis Danraven, is fixed for the 10 th J anuary. The bride is beautiful and charming, the bridegroom handsome and popular. The union of two of the leading families in the country gives the very greatest pleasure to the relations and friends of the contracting parties. Not one dissentient voice has said them nay, and their wedded life is as thcrnless as has been the path of rosea which has attended their love, no pair in the length and breadth of prosperous England is more to be envied. " The bridal trousseau has beenordered with profuse generosity and the greatest taste from some of the leading firms in London and Paris, while local talent had not been entirely left out in the cold. And the jewels, which have already been bestowed by Sir Lauis and his nephew on the fair fiancee are costly and rare." Such was the verbose and pompous para graph which appeared in the " Coleshill Mer cury," about two days before Christmas, and to most of the local readers the perusal brought a glad feeling ; they loved to think that two young people who had been brought up in their midst should bs on the high road to so much happiness. But one or two of those who saw it, shivered as they read. Elvira Dclane was one of these. The recollection of how she had likened to a shroud the ball-dress Lady Gertrude had worn at Lady Marcia Fol- jambe's ball, came back to her with un pleasant vividness, for now as then she had evil forebodings as to how her friend's mar riage with the mysterious Clemeut would' turn out. She had consented to be a bridesmaid, and gave herself endless trouble about the dresses ; still, ber heart misgave her. \- Even as she read the paragraph she wondered what Pierce Vaughan thought about it. She often found herself connecting his opinion with her own even when she did not intend to do so, since she had one of those strange heart yearnings towards him, which clever, charming women not infrequently have for men who are not in any way worthy of them By coincidence, affinity Elvira would probably have thought it. Pierce Vaucrhan. though somewhat distant, was reading the paragraph at the very same moment that she was. He scarcely smiled on the marriage, any more than did Miss Delane, but from a very different cause. This projected" marriage not only put ah end for ever to all chance Pierce Vaughan. once believed himself to have, of becoming his uncle's heir, but he himself had had aspirations for Lady Gertrude's hand, and consequently he regarded Clement in the light of a bated rival. Sir Louis always sent the " Coleshill Mercury " to Pierce. Vaughan, and he had received , it as usual that morning - in his Temple Chambers, but as he intended to leave by an early train, in order to go down and spend Christmas at Aboyne Court, he thrust it into his pocket to read en route. As he did so, his fists clenched, and his brow grew as contracted and dark that a solitary old gentleman who was in the carriage with him had serious doubts as to bis sanity, and contemplated changing his seat at the next station- It was Coleshiil, however, mid Pierce V aughan himself got out. He looked about. There was no trap awaiting him from, Aboyne Court. A mis take bad been made in the telegram, and he had not been expected so early. " Someone would call for bis luggage later in the day ; he would leave it in the cloak room and walk," eo he told the station- master. But he looked so dark and angry that the man remarked to a subordinate : " I pity them as has made th$ mistake. They'll get it hot. Luoky for us all as Mr Clement is to have the Court, and not this 'ere London scowler." Pierce, however, was not thinking about the mistake or the absent trap, but rather glad, on the contrary, to find himself alouea and with an hour or two on his handB. The announcement in that newspaper had so roused his jealous ire that he had arrived at a spiteful and desperate reeolutiop, vis., that if it lay within his power, he would slop hiB cousin's marriage with Luoy Gertrude. In order to bring this about he came to the conclusion that a visit to the dilapidate , old cottage, where Lady Mawda had seat lisbeth saw clement slowly strolling through the garden. himtwqiimntoBgo to inqmuce after Joeh Glendinhing,might, : ductive of an advantageous result. ; -\ :. r _ Thronsh toe town, then, he walked . " briskly, hor paused uHtil hereaGhed the cottage in question. Injthe winter toe place looked even more dilapidated than when ne »ad been there before.. . . ... He rang the bell as he luuldqne on that 'ormer occasion, andan had thep. happened, igain toe sound clanged through the house, but no one came. Another rigorous pull produced no better result, and once more Pierce Vaughan walked round to the back door. This time, however, it was shut. He looked through the kitchen window, on toe sill of which he had found Clement's note. There was no fire or other symptom of habitation ; in fact, the whole place seemed utterly de- »erted. He turned back, and as he reached toe front gate an elderly woman, tersely de scribed by the word " hag," was coming in. 41 YhaS has become of the Glendinnings r £ cannot make anyone hear ?" said Pierce Vaughan. ««, "Lord bless yer soul, Josh Glendmmng aas been dead these six weeks or more. He Is in his grave down yonder." - 44 And his pretty granddaughter r The old woman's eyes twinkled, and she looked at him as if to ask — " Are you a lover by chance?" He shook his head in response to her un- ipoken words, and then she said — " She left these yere parts within a fort night of old Josh's death." " And where has she gone ?" " That I dunno. It was a sort of mid- aight flitting. She said as how she was join1 to see an aunt in London, but no one <aw her go, and she has left no address be- lind. One day sh#was there and the next jhe wasn't, that's all we know. But Lisbeth Glendinniijg always was a strange, uncanny sort of girl. The bit of a drab as used to do srrands for her sometimes says as she packed ap most of the things as was worth anything ifcre she left, but the doors is all locked, and no one can get in to see what she has done with them." 44 Did she go on wnn a lover, ao you ;hink ?" " Shouldn't think it," said the old woman, u she was always stand-off with the boys in toe town. The man has to be created as ?pould please Lisbeth's fancy. I thought perhaps a big sweli like you, now, had done the trick." "Not I, J scarcely kn6w her. I had a nesBage from my cousin, Mr Clement Dun- raven." " What, he as is going to marry Lady Gertrude Verachoyle ? What's a gentleman as is going to make a marriage like that to do with a girl like Lisbeth Glendinning ?" " That's exactly it. Under the circum stances he cannot come himself, so he was obliged to depute me." Pierce Vaughan was disappointed not to find Lisbeth and discover for himself some thing of the relations which. existed or had existed between her and Clement. The next best thing to farther discovery was, he con sidered, to diplomatically calumniate Cle ment and set the Coleshili people talking, so that the scandal might at last reach the ears of Lady Gertrude. " Every little helps to make a big whole," Pierce Vaughan thought, and he was still as resolved as ever to stop this marriage if it yecQ possible. Only he was beginning to be timid that he had somewhat over-rated the ntrigue between bis cousin and this Lisbeth Glendinning. " If Coleshili town knew laught about it, there couldn't be much to enow," he argued, yet the girl's sudden dis- ippearance at this junction was strange. The old woman made no reply to his state ment about the message from Clement, of which he was the bearer, butf toe looked so bewildered and aghast at the statement that the subtle Vaughan saw that his shaft had struck home, aud that inuendoes about Cle ment and Lisbeth Glendinning would soon be in full circulation without it being necessary for him to commit himself any-farther. He asked the old woman a little Sternly what she was doing there since toe house was locked up, and being told that toe had only eome for a few sticks to light her fire, which he did not believe, he proceeded in search of a new combination whereby to attain his ob- He found it in a form for which he was scarcely prepared, even in a meeting with Clement Dunraven himself, who was smoking a cigar and wandering in the little wood in a mood scarcely less dejected than that which had overpowered him on the day of his pro posal to Lady Gertrude. The two cousins were always outwardly on toe very best of, terms, but they never confided their individual affairs in the very least to each other. They met now with much apparent cordiality. "Hollo, Clem, yon look as love-sick as a bird with the pip," cried Vaughan, who had seen Clement before he himself had been re cognised. "And you, Pierce, what are you doing tare ? Have you walked from Coleshili? You Londoners are more energetic than one jives you credit for." " It is not my energy ; it is Brook's fault, he never brought the trap. Bat that does not matter since it given me toe opportunity of meeting you. I want to have a chat with you. I have never really had an opportunity of congratulating you on your engagement. I hope fit .really makes you happy, Clem, though, by Jove, you scarcely look it." " Oh, I am happy enough. Luckiest dog in Christendom, you know, but I am this engagement is scarcely a subject of con gratulation to you. I always fancied you were a little hard hit in that quarter your self." " Not a bit of it, my dear fePow. Lady Gertrude is charming and fascinating, anc as your wife I hope I shall be on very good terms with her. But I have no thoughts about matrimony. I must make my fortune first."' Clement tried to laugh, but looked - un easy. He knew full well that this was not true, aud that Vaughan was disappointed, both about toe lady and the heirship. If he fiad spoken from his heart he wonlc . have bidden him take them both and let be free, free from toe dread he was already feeling lest his secret carriage should be- now as tq lei thingB take their course; Bo fie itoitfari wlmtynll aUowedoveutetodriffc, though Ite by anxiety J3ut evenLady Gertrude didnot fatitonotioe it, and people still jarbndered what the mystery of hm lifeqeuld be. _ " But how could he be other wise, when he did -not know even now whether Litbsth would allow the marriage to go on, or, even worse still, whether after it was perpetrated, toe might not annul it (to be continued) 