j! LIVELY CORPSflJi -Tt^HERE is no. telling whon a party Is w. absolutely dead m the United States. A few years ago it was implicitly believed by. somo peoplo thab the . Democracy was dead. Just now the ' tamo ' prediction is being made * in rogard ' to the Republican party. - Whenever we read * m a Republican paper thab- tho Deinocraoy is dead, or vice veraa, wo are very much reminded of thab yarn aboub Shuckors. A mao named William D. Bhuokors died in Wilmington. ;Ib seems thab thero was another man in the city bearing precisely tho same name, and when the death was announced a good many of his friends thought ho was dead, and they resolved to go to tho funoral. On the day of the funeral the? living Shuokers also thought be would go, partly, for the purpose of ascertaining how ib'felt to;participate in tho_obeequie8 of a man named William D.' Shuckers. Ho took up a position in the vestibule, and as tho mourners were about to como out, a friend of his, named Jones, | saw him. The first impulse of Jones was to ! rush through the kitcnen and climb sud denly over tno back fence ; but hecontrolled himself, and after poking Shuckers in the ribs with his umbrella to detormino posi tively that he wds nob a ghost, Jones romarked !? ' Why, Shuckers, whab on jearbh are you !, doing hore? Why ain'b you in your j coffin ?' 'CofiBn l' exclaimed Shuckers, -cwha d' you mean? Whab do I wanb with a coffin ?' ' Mr. Shuckers, you know you are dead. Why, .they cob up all this gorgoous funeral for you, all bhese carriages and pnlSbearers and thiugs, and tho clergyman's jusb been paying you Bplendid compliirients that any dead man taight be proud of.' ' But I telLyou I'm nob dead. I'mas much alive as you are.' I 'There is no use of arguing the point, Shuckers ; the occasion is too solemn for controversy. Bub if you have any considera tion fer tbo feelings of your bereaved family who are weeping like mad upstairs, and for the undertaker who is waiting inside there with the screw-driver, you will go and get into your coffin and behave* It's indecent to carry on so at your own funeral.' ' Jones, my boy,' said Shuckers, 'you have mistaken ' ? ? 'No, I'm not mistaken you're deod, technically dead, anyhow. It has been announced in all tho papers, your relations have gono into mourning, the Board of Trade has passed resolutions of rogret, the sepulchre has- been dug, up_there in the cemetery, and the undertakor has gone to considerablo expense to inter you comfort ably. Now, go arid licfdown, won't you ?' 'Hang the undertaker,' said Shuckers. ' No, I'll not lie down. I'll see you in Kansas first.' ft Now, see here, Shuckers, I came here to attend your funeral, and I'm not going to bo baffled by any unseemly conduct on the part of the corpse. Oh, you needn't look mad at me !— eiLher you get back: into that coftin so's the lid can be screwed on and. the procession can move off, or I'll put you in there by force. If inanimate romains like you can go scooting 'round in this incen diary, maimer, .we'll soon have the cemeteries unloading and the unnumbered dead crowds ing out and wanting to vote.' Then Jones called tho undertaker, who knocked Shuckers down with a cane and held him until he explained, and until the seared undertaker recovered hi3, equanimity which left him at the baro nuggestion that the corpse was loos-?. Then tho funeral moved on to the cemetery and Jones went home, while .Shuckers proceeded to. an aldermanV office to swear out a warrant againwb' tho undertaker fo|* assault and . baii^ry. ' He fnvonis to, change his name to Duykinck. THE MAN FROM PONY GULCH. JIk was a lantern-jawed, raw-boned speci men of a man, and lie rushed into the Cow boys' Retreat with a whoop. ' Korbun-erwow ! Want to know who I am ? I'm the cyclone from Pony Gulch — the lightnin' and the howlin' thunder — the greab untamed catamount— that's what I am !' - ? ' Course you are,' said Tootlos, sooth ingly. ' You're the simbon of the desert and tlie terror of the hull country— that's what you are !' ' Whoop— I'm a bad man !' he howled, spinning round like a top. Thon ho jumped into tho air, and came down flat on his feet so the building shivered. 'I shake the earth— that's what I do ! You kiiow me, Toot?' ' Well, I should say ao, olo bluo fire.' 'You all know mo, don't you, boys?' 'You bet.' 'Come up — come up, every mother's son o' ye, an' drink wine with the bad man from the Gulch.' Every one started for the bar with bhe exception of a quieb stranger, who sab in the corner with a queer littio box on his lap. ' Come up here you— yelled the Terror. '1 choose to sit where I am,' said the stranger, calmly. 'If you want to drink, drink and don't bother mo, w Every one wasBtrickenmute with astonish ment. Refuse to drink with tlio Terror ! The man was certainly tempting fate. Tho Terror rubbed his hand ovor his forehead in a vacant kind of way, a? though ho couldn't understand it. Then he let off a war-whoop, and made throe jumps for the stranger. 'Hain't goin' to drink with me, hey? Won't drink with ole Lightnin' when yer asked ?'. Ho craned his neck forward until his nose was w;ithin two inches of the stranger's, who thereupon brought his hand around and kuooked the face out of his way. ' Your breath is awful,' was all he said ; ! and old Tootles fairly palpitated with oxcitement. What would the Terror do now ? Rushing into tho middle of the room the bad man began to undress. 'He's defied the cyclone, an' the cata mount's goin' tor spring! The lightnin's goin' tor strike. Watch me.' Then he waltzed up to the Btranger, and danced first on one foot, then on the other, with a groat flourish of fists, but the stranger Hat stock still, and never' moved so much as a muscle. As a preludo to dragging him to the bar, the had man caught hold of tho box on tht» stranger's knee, and immediately went down with a howl. Then ho got up, shook himself, tried it again, and went down again. This was enough, and the cycloneaubsidcd into a mild zephyr, and wafted itself out of the door without a word. Then the quieb man got up smilingly, and look some cards from his pocket. 'I'm a dentist, gentlemen, and I pull teeth without pain by the use of electricity. My^lightning'is good, for yon have just seen it strike. There is my enrd. Twenty-five cents per tooth. 1 w ill be with you for a few day6 in the rear of Mr. Barlow's store. Give me a call.' And it is no fiction to observe that all QkyUnrn tried that dentist's lightning— simply bocauie they had either jreen or heard how it had floored the bad man from the Gulch. .ABSBNCE. ' If absenoe makes the hearb grow fonder,' I said to her last fail; ' Perhaps, dear one, I'd bettor wander, And nob ceme back ab all.' And she? Ah, me I She whispered low, ' You'd better' go, For absence makes the heart grow fonder.' Don't he a lazy man,- for he can only shovel snow in summer or out grass in wintei. Therefore he i* out of a job. The spend'. h: if« who spreads' hiige^lf ie ?pt bo contract dvbte. * . ? i 