THE HEIR OF BARTH. CHAPTER I THE HEIR IS CAST AWAY. ' I 'Save ns all! It's come at last! iheres tbe Basin G-boet !' ,, ,. Mr Timothy Titlow raised himselt on hie elbows, and with many in ward tremors looked isedly at an object appearing between him self and the sky. First, a head m a large nouu. Next, cloaked shoulders. Then tho full-length figure of a woman holding a bundle, and standing between Mr. Titlow and the broad shield of the Bummer moon, banging low. The position of Mr. Titlow was far from ?salubrious. Despite Hshe dew, he had been lying on his back on the gr'asB. Despite, also, tbe theories of the unfaith fulness of bodies of fresh water in the night time, Mr. Titlow was at hiB usual haunt — the top of the great Reservoir at Willes den. The mighty earth ana mason work towered up like a fort, and on its green margin Mr. Titlow was paid to pace a nightly round. Intent on mischief ? No ; not he ! Mr. Titlow valiantly asserted, both to frienda and foes, that he was 'as fconest a fellow as ever wore a skin,' which, exhaustive definition of himself no one had been found to gainsay. Mr. Titlow hod made hi* present business engagement with fe»r and trembling, for there prevailed a tradition that the Willesden retervrn'r was hannted. Here bad been a spot where four ways met, and the cross-roads in tbe bratfil ages — not so very long past — tboy had buried a fuicide, with a stake through her heart. The ghost of this woman was popular ly supposed to haunt the scene of her unchris tian burial, and Mr. Titlow bad long expected to confront her. And now it had come. Lying on liis back, happy, not thinking of ghosts, his eye caught a small, dark shadow on the opposite side of the Basin. It grew darkly against the night-time blue and silver — and Timmy Titlow perceived a female figure — aDd lifting himself on his eibowB ho glared dumbly at the ghost. Shouting and screaming are generally fol lies ; but it would have been worth a deal if Titlow had just then indulged in these exer cises. He stared and was mute. So was tbe shadow on the furthor side of the Eeeervoir. Then, Timmy Titlow being a common-sense fellow, it grew into bis mind that this figure was too solid for a ghost ; that the draperies were too dark for a spirit ; that there was an eartluness and reality about the whole vision that demolished the superstitious idea. 'I believe it's a woman,' said Timmy. 'What is she hers for? For no good, I'll be bound. I'll go round and warn her away.' Has she come to commit suicide? Save us all ! In the London drinking water ! If she eees me she may jump. I'll crawl.' Timmy was just about to begin a long and tedious progress through the damp grass, when, a lower, dark shadow grew behind the firat — and all at once tbe woman figure raised her arms bearing the bundle into the air. Titlow had scarcely seen that the bundle waB a babe in white night-clothes, when the woman hurled it from her, and with tiny, helpless arms spread out, it flashed like a little white meteor through the air, and down under the water. At once Titlow leaped to his feet. Not being a swimmer, his instinct was to dash for help to, tbe cabin of the Reservoir police, situ ated inst below tbe embankment on the side nearest herself. He merely saw that the woman's figure disappeared down the em bankment almost as moderately aB it had coma into view. Timmy Titlow burst into the little room ' where a couple of policemen were dozing, one . on a bench and one in an arm-chair. ' Coma away, boys ! Here's a woman £ung a baby into the Basin. Come get it out.' ' Where's the woman' demanded the man in the chair, springing up fully awake, and lushing out with Titlow. The policeman on the bench caught a grappling-iron and a coil of rope and pursued his comrades. ' The woman !' cried Titlow, toiling breath less, up the steep asceut. ' We'll catch her — but let's get the baby out firat.' The three were presently at the spot where Titlow had seen the terrible occurrence. Not a living creature was in sight. The water of the Basin, as if recently disturbed, lapped against the sides, the soft sounds clearly aud ible in the intense stillness of the night ; under the clear moonlight aleo the waters appeared rippled. Titlow's comrade, pulling off coat and boots, leaped into the Baein, striking out for the centre. 'Hunt the woman, Titlow!' he shouted; and Titlow obeved bv rurminw nrnnrirl t.lia embankment, and Baw not a living or moving thing. One moment he did think he dis cerned a low, dork shadow gliding swiftly to ward some work-people's homes outside the Reservoir grounds; but the next Becond it was lost, and Titlow regarded it as a mere freak of his eyes, especially as the people of those houBBB were all guiet and decent — above suspicion. The second policeman, reaching the Basiu S?ith ibis grapple, pushed off a little boat that lay moored against the aide, and taking in his wet brother, the two rowed over the whole sarfacs of the Reservoir. They searched the depths with the grapple, but did not find a singls trace o£ the child which Titlow averred had bren cast therein. ' Do you believe it's a hoax ?' asked one of the other. ' No — Titlow was in dead enrri'est.' 'Then he must have been dreaming. Ho, Titlow, have you Been anything of the WOM'tri?' Timmy, panning in his (search, replied : ' Not a sign !' The man pulled to the bank. ' Tell us the whole thing.' Timmy graphically related his experiences, not omitting that at first he deemed the sight a ghost. ' Tim, have you been drinking P' ' Ne»er drink.' ' oure you were uuv UEenmiug r ' Wide aw*k« as I am now,' asserted Titlow, stouily. ' But, see here,°my man. Where could the woman have got to, just while you were coming for u» ? And more than all, where could the baby have got to ? Not a sign of its clothes floating — and we have searched well in the Reservoir.' ' It was a very little baby,' said Tim. 'I saw it fall — it is in some corner of the Batia.' ' Then it's dead by this time. However, we'll go search all round the embankment, and in tbe morning we'll report to the chief ; but it's our belief, Titlow, that lying, cs you , were, on the ground instead of pacing the path, as you ought, you fell asleep, and had a remarkably lirely dream.' ' I was broad awake — and hadn't been lying over five or ten minutes, just to rest my leg*' ' Well, we'll look matters up again in the morning,' said the policeman, and with Timothy Titlow, night- watchman, they care fully — and fruitlessly — examined all the neighbourhood of 'Willesden Basin. The next morning's examination proved just as poor in results, and the opinion that Mr. Titlow had been napping and dreaming gained ground in the minds of all who heard his story, True, he told the story vigorously and positively, but where was the proof ? The Reservoir was carefullv searched— not only dragged, but a diver went down to examino it. T(s was innocent of all trace of the baby which Mr. Titlow saw hurl el into it. The story did not find its way to tbe news papers until the second day. Then a modest paragraph hinted that a night-watchman by the Willesden Basin had asserted that he saw a woman fling a child iato the water but that ib was fully proved that the man had been dreaming, the water, having been carefully searched without affording corrobor ation of the tale. Two persons who lived within a mile of the Willesden Basin could have entirely cleared up Mr. Titlow's story, but for differ ent reasons — neither of these persons being known to the other — thay dared not speak. The silence of tbe one party was painless, and soon ended in the profounder silence of death. The silence of the other was a life-long pain. About three-quarters of a mile from Wil lesden Basin was the mansion of the late Sir Giles Barth ; a magnificent modern abode, for Sir Giles's title had been a recent one, while his fortune was a handsome fifteen thousand pounds a year. It was now six months since Sir Giles had been placed in his family vault, aud together with the shadow of death, despite the glitter of gold, a good msny other shadows lay over his stately dwelling. The west wing of the mansion contained the room* of Sir Giles's only daughter : the east wing held the private apartments of Sir Giles's widow. Between these two sides of the house, while there had never been that war which could have given Barth House a name for being divided against itself, there had yet been con straint. Among the attendants of Miss Myra Barth waB a Scotchwoman of fifty — Ailsa Wallace — who had nursed her young mistress from the hour of her birth with intense devotion. The first person in MisB Barth's room in the morning was always Ailsa. Long before her yoang lady was waking, Ailsa was wont to steal to her chamber with anxious love. On the morning after Timmy Titlow's dream, if dream it was, Ailsa crept as usual to Miss Berth's apartment with the first rosy light. 'Til TO naa a knnanlinlfl 4-lm4- tn.). » uumiouwm vuau tuua iua UWJJ ways, one of them being to sleep late, and no one but Ailsa was stirring. Approaching half way to the bed, Ailsa stood regarding the young sleeper. Myra was just past twenty-one. As she l&y; with her he»d thrown bac?t, her full, round chin slightly elevated, the heavy silken braids of light-brown hair swept over her pillow and hung nearly to tbe floor. Her chest and arms were beautif nil y formed . In sleep her fingers nervously gripped the bed-covers. Her krows and lashes 'were dark. And dark circles under her eyes, the tremor of her lovely lips and the lack of the rosy fluth of youth in her face indicated the pre sence of some trouble unnatural to her age and station. ' My puir lassie !' said Ailsa, under her breath. Her eye wandered around the room in search of something which she could do to show her devotion, when her glance fell on an object that caused her to draw her breath with quick terror. Nothing so terrible in what she saw. Merely a great waterproof cloak on a chair, a p»ir of slippers on the floor, and on a stool a chintz gown, a petticoat with a raffle and a pair of thread Btocbingg. With an alarmed glance at the bed, Ailsa approached there articles. She picked up tho slippers. The soles and the kid were marked with dew-wet earth. She threw the petticoat over her arm and gathered the ruffles in her hand. These also had clay stains. The chintz dress was un soiled, but crumpled from being out in the moist night air. 'My ain lambie !' said Ailea, looking mournfully at the well-grown gir), who sighed and'tossed on tho bed. 'She's been sleep walking again. The verra firofc sin' she were sixteen — no, fifteen year auld. Woel did I ken her heart waa sore troubled. But she shanua know that the sleep-vralkit. Mebby it would frichten her an' set her on to do it again.' Ailsa brushed out the waterproof and hung it in the chest. The other clothing she car ried to her own room and put thom in her bureau-drawer, to be cleaned at her leisure, A little later in the morning, uoay nurtu woke and lay for a while looking about her room. I Through the door opening upon an ante- j chamber she could see her attendant — a Lon don nurse — asleep. 'Nurse ! Nurse !' cried Lady Barth. Her tones were never very strong even in health ; now they failed to rouse the woman ; and, pettishly catching hold of a cord near her, Lady Barth jnngled the bell close over her guardian's bead. 'Nurse, I want baby ! I'm lonesome' The words were like a pitiful wail. The nurae, being far too great a personage to g.i for the child, rang for an attendant ; «nd Mrs. Barth had ample leisure to lie and reflect on the preciouaness of the only being in the worid which really belonged to her and on the arrival of the baby which ciuld keep her from beioy lonesome, while the slow maid was coming and receiving the order to go bring the little one. The maid, taking her time, as did every one in Barth House, went to a nursery which lay in the centre of the building, approached on either side by hul's from tho wings. Pounding on tbe duor, she thrust in ner head and called to a stout yourig woman who, in a great reclining-chair, was supposed to be watching over a cradle : ' Lady Barth wants the baby !' The nurse, as sound'y anleep as if she had been in her bed, rubbed he; eyes, sat up, looked about her and turned to the cradle. The cradle toas empty ! Of coutsh, it was only the woman's stu pidity that led her to shake the very curtainB, pillows and blankets, aa if the child might be bidden in them like a hop-o'-my-thumb, instead of a reasanably sized English infant. ' Pshaw !' she cried ' Nurse has found me asleep and carrie l off the babe to taunt me. Well, who can wafcuh forever?' Instead, then, of going to her mistress's room, sh.3 aet about making her own morning toilet. Some time had elapsed, when hurried steps were heard in the hall, and Lady Barth's nurse came in, flushed and angry. ' Why don't you bring that child ? Hie mother's fretting for hits no end ! Such a woman to dote on a baby I never saw ! Bring him at once !' She was shutting the door in indignation, when tbe child's nurae screamed out : ' He isn't here ! You've got him your self!' 'I? Got the child? You're crazy !' She went to the cradle and found it empty. The two looked at each other. ' Where is the babe ?' screamed the senior nurse. ' I don't know !' retorted the other. ' I had my chair by the cradle all night, and I supposed by morning I dropped asleep, and when the maid came the babe was gone ; and I thought you had come in and taken him off to vex mo for sleeping.' ' Not I. Some of the maids have played you that trick, and a sorry one, too, if it gives the child his death a cold. You'd best hunt him up, or I'll have his mother in a fever. Go, you; find him ; and I'll tell her he's get ting fed. Be quick, now !' Tbe infant's nurse now went off to find her missing charge. She looked through thia house, questioned all the servants, and, alarmed at getting no news, returned to tell tho mother's attendant that the child could not he found! By this time every one waB awake, Myra Barth among the rest, though the stir and search for the lost infant had not yet reached her rooms. The girl woke with a cry and a start, sat up, tossed back her hair, looked about as if light were hateful to her, snd biding her face in the pillow, cried : 'Oh! Oh!' as one in strong mental pain. Suddenly she lifted herself, and bending her brows, gazed at the chair and ottoman whence Ailsa had removed the clothing. With a look of relief at seeing these seats empty, her eye roved around the chamber, th^n Bhe dropped back on her pillow, her arms over her head. ' Oh, dreadful, dreadful !' she sighed. ' What can be in me ? I do not know myself any longer ; my whole soul seems changed. This is a. poor nature that cannot endure adversity !' The door opened to admit Ailsa. ' How are ye the morn', my dearie ?' she said, anxiously. ' Well enough,' said Myra, indifferently, ' but I've had a horrid night. I'm as tired as if I had not slept, and I've dreamed. Oh, Ailsa, how I dreamed ! I had rather stay awake than dream so !' 'Never mind, hinny, it will not be so more,' said Ailsa, soothingly. \ ' And it seems this morning as if some thing were all wrong. My head whirls, my heart is heavy. -i ? :j aji ? J1TJ11 ^ciut:uv u, gum, emu .0.1101*, ill go fetch you some mint tea.' Going toward the kitchen, Ailsa was met by an nnder houee-naid in high excitement. ' Ailsa, Ailsa, have you seen the baby ?' ' The baby ? Na, na ! I've me ain baby to look after !' growled Ailea, who had regarded the little stranger as an. interloper and an enemy. ' But, Ailea, the baby is loat !' ] ' ' Lost ?' Ha'e dune wi'yer hafflins !' I ' But it is lost — gone from its cradle, and they have searched the house ; and if the mother gets news of it, she'll die. Oh, it's true, Ailaa. _ The old woman may have had her own views of the impropriety of this baby's appear ance in the world, but she was not un unkind creature, nnd, assured that tho girl waB not jesting, she turned and ran to the nursery. There the two nurses, the housekeeper, the butler, and one ot two other servants were standing looking dismayed. Tbe fhort story of the loso was explained to Ailsa. ' H.t'e ys looked wflol to tho fast'nin's ?' she said to the butler. ' Is there ony eip--iea aboot ? Whiles I ha'e heerd tell of sic carry in »f£ a babe. Better set the men to search the grounds an', by all means, keep the news frae liia mither till ye fin' him. Puir, feeble, young creature ! Like she'll die at a word !' ' Tho honse was all well locked,' said tho butler. ' I closed it myself, and hearing the trouble,! unclosed it myself. All waB secure, Mrs. Wallace.' 'Search tho place,' psrsisted Ailsa, 'and the lanes near.' Not forgetting her own child, aa she called her, in the anxiety about the other, Ailsa W'llaco turned onco more toward tbe kitchen, when, mentally, and by some subtle associa tion beyond her own apprehension, she put | the two heirs of Sir Giles Barth together— Mysn Barth and hes baby half-brother. The old woman stopped short. Her face contracted as in aopasm. Up flow ber hands to her quivering heart. She uttered a cry. Then, gasping, up ran Ailsa to bor rem, locked herself in, took ont Myra's clothes from the drawer, examined them once mora with many an anguished gro*n, aud locked H ? nt liar bnnfe All but the shoes. She hid them under hor apron, carried them to an ont- kitchen and cleaned them carefully. All the while she made a moan in her soul: ' My bairn, my puir bairn, ha'e ye gone so far as that ! I canna believe it ! But so^ or not 00, these things Bhall ne'er testify against ye !' Carrying a cup of tea, and with the shoes still hidden, Ailea. returned to her idol. Myra was yet in bed, tossing restlessly. ' Ailsa,' she said, ' I dreamed — I dreamed I walked in my sleep last night.' ' Dinna think o' thae things, hinny,' said Ailsa, taking occasion to slip the shoes in the shoe-bag. Still anxiety overcame her prudence. ' Whaur dreamed ye ye walked, hinny ?' ' I don't know. How can I tell ? There ! I didn't, dream at all. I'm foolish— and nervous.' Here the young lady's raaid came in, and Myra put her feet to the floor and sat on the side of her bed. She spike crossly : ' How late you are, Jane !' ' There's such excitement about tbe baby, Miss—' ' Is he Bick ?' interrupted Myra. ' Worse tb«n that,' replied the maid. What ! Not dead, surely ?' Miss Barth faltered. | ' Worae than that, in my view, Miss — ' . i Worse,' girl ! What con be worse ?' ' Why, he's lost ! Lost entirely ! No one can find him.' 'Lost!' Miss Barth grasped futilely for something, caught only by her pillows, and fell heavily to the floor. ' Out on ye !' cried Ailsa, who had been anxiously watching the interview. ' To tell her sic news, so unprepared like — and she il' heraen, going intil a fever or something o' that kind ; an' here's the bit cup herb- tea I just brought her. Hauna ye only sense, girl ?' They laid Myra back on the bed and began rubbing her hands and bathing her face. As Ailaa Wallace robbed the soft right hand, she sew that the thumb and forefinger were slightly marked with just such clay aB she cleaned from the young lady's slippers. The woman's sobs broke forth : ' Oh, my bairn ! My bairn !' she wailed. ' That I B'uld see the day !' And, swaying to and fro, she moaned, while tears ran down her cheeks. 'Don't take on so ! It's only a faint,' cried the maid. ' I never eaw a woman so mad over any one in my life! What thiok you Lady Barth will do, with her only child disappeared ? I declare I'm heart-sick for her !' 'Hueh! She's coming to,' whispered Ailaa. ' Did you tell me that the child was lost ?' demanded Miss Barth, as soon as voice re turned to her. 'Then go and help in the search. Don't stay here to wait on me.' ' Yes go,' said Ailsa, noting the wildness in her young lady's eyea. Myra Barth gathered all her strength and insisted on being dreBaed. v|. Ailea noticed that every few minutes some hiifriblH thought seemed to overwhelm her ; she turned deadly pale and shook from head to foot. Go, go,' Ailea ! Go and brind me newa !' ahe cried. , '? ? Ails* went and returned. 'They've sent for the doctor for Lady Barth, and for Mr. Wrigley and for the family lawyer,' she reported. CHAPTER II. ^ THE INNOCENT AND THE GUILTY. r At the very hour whenTimmy Titlow began his nightly rounds at the Willesden Reser voir, a disreputable cousin of hia, Tony Petti grew, turned his steps to a villa which sat modestly among the splendonra of tbe estates and palaees of Barth, Fitzroy, and Bidebauk This villa was one of the cheap shams which everywhere crowd the suburbs of the city — gates, hedgeB, winding-ways, porticoes — all patterned after more magnificent and endur ing abodes. The villa waa Clematis Villa, and was inhabited by Doctor Jcmes Wrigley, fourth cousin of the late Sir Gilea Barth, and heir of the Barth belongings after Sir Giles's profieoy. That Sir Giles's daughter Myra, vigoroua and beautifnl, had stood between him and the inheritsnce, James Wrigley had esteemed a cruelty of fortune. What right had estates to nearer beira than fourth couoins ? And when fourth cousins have six children and small revenues, the inheritance becomes a matter of necessity and intense desire. When Lady Barth bore a son, the cup of James Wrigley's misfortunes seemed to him to be full. Myra's existence he had betn forced to endure. But the child be could not tolerate. Tony Pettigrew, summoned to Clematis Villa, crept in at the back gate and hid him self behind a clump of arbor vitce. . To him appeared James Wrigley, cloaked. : ' Ate you ready, and can you do it ?' said James W. ' I don't pretend to take it,' said Petti grew. ' It's a dreadful risk, Mr. Wrigley. It's kidnapping; and if the child dies within six months, they'll make it homicide ; and I tell you, sir, penal settlements haven't attractions for Tony Pettigrew. Tony loves his native land, sir ! He's . patriotic as a Eeniao — ' Humbug !' said Wrigley. ' You're trying to raise your price. It's the simplest thinu in life. Just scramble up to the top of the front portico. The window of the centre room is tho one you want to enter. That is the irarsery. The nurse sits by the babe'e cradle, and she sleeps like a log. The blinds will be slni1-, but the wiudow is partly up. Draw the blind bolt by this wire loop thrust through the Venetian slats. Lift the ydndow. Step in, and with this atomizer tnrn a spray of chloroform on the nurse and the child. In a minut.j ov two slip to the cradle, double the blanket over tbe babe and make off with him, closing window and blind, juet a«i you found them. Bring tbe child to me, and I will cbaugo its clothes for 'a col oured flmr.el slip, aud then you havo only to run to the city and lay it on a door st?p, or in an entry about St. Gi'es. It will soon get to the almshouse, and all will be right,' ' Ob, it do look easy,' said Pettigrew, 'but it 'pears wickeder nor to just lift a' dead body oat of the grave £oe you doctor saea—' ' Since when did you net up a conscience r sneered Wriglay. ' You make as much of this as if I risked you to murdor the child !' ' But yo* see, sir, I ufin't help thinking of the mother, »he being a widow, and they do say tbeae women set a dreadful store by babies.' 'They ss-y ? And b--w much store did your mother set by you?' ' Wall, not so much, only to clip me over the 'e'd.' ' And thin women is fairly drowned in luxuries. She married f«-r money and splen dour, and she got it. She wouldn't think you good enough to stand in the dust of her .chario1;- wheels, Tony !' ' W^ll,' said Tony, chuckling, 'I'm not so used to being set by to break my heart over that. But, can't you fiua some other to take off the baby tdr ? I know I'll let it drop, and it'll break.' ' 'T isn't made of c-Jass ; you dropped plenty of times, Tony, and none the worse for it. ! No, I can't send any onn else ; you are spry I and sly, and used to niuht games, and you are the only fellow I can be sure of for ths job— with a pr'Ron door open for you, Tony, when ever I take ray hand from holding tbe_ door 8hut — why, you're not likely to fail in my work.' Tony winced. He had erred once — m re spect to tbe Medical School cash-box, and to a certain little cheque of Mr James Wrigley's, ? which from two pounds turned to twenty in Tony Pettigr^w's hftnds. Ever since, he had reaped tbe fruit of evil doing in having a master and a hard one. Thi« night Tony set off on the work assigned him by James Wrigley. Tha road from Clemp'w Villa to Barth House crossed the path leading to the Willesden Reservoir. At thia crossing Tony met a woman, cloaked, hooded, etoilbing along erect, never turning her head, and passing him like a dark spirit. He did not desire to be notiatd, and ah rank close to tbe wall. Tony Pettigrew followed out the programme of James* Wrigley to the letter through the aspersion with chloroform and the advance upon the cradle Further than that he could not go, for the cradle, guarded by the sleep ing nurse, was empty. Tony then descended from the porch, went to the east wing, climbed the balcony, and surveyed Lndy Barth's room until he felt as sured that the child was not there. The next step must be to return to Doctor Wrigley and report defeat. ' You see, sir, tbe child was not there,' said Tony ; ' and it's my belief some one haa been beforehand with us ia .spiriting it away.' 'Fool ! One of the other nurses had it !' ' No, sir ; I believe not. The cradle was warm, and the child seemed to have boen juat picked out of it.' ' Did yon meet any one going or coming ?' Now Tony Pettigrew had mot, returning, the same straight, unheeding walker whom he had passed on his going forth. Still, he rep'ied : ' No, sir ; I never saw a living soul.' ' If you're lying to me, Tony, and tomor row the child in there, why, I'll — ' ' You'll send me to-morrow night, and I'll go,' interposed Tony. ' It will not bs wkU for you to trick me again,' said James Wrigley. ' What I was about to say was : I'll hand you over to jus tice io le?a than an hour.' 'Oh, 'I know!' whined Tony. 'You think no one would take stock in what I'd say about you,! But there's no use. of our quarreling, nr. I m.iy be useful to you yet; and I've no objections to know;?.g where my dinners is coming from.' \ 'Well, to-morrow night, Tony, meet me here.' ' Make sure of me,' said Tony, mumbling to himself as he went his way : ' Well, the brat's gone, and none o' my d -ings. I'm not to b'ame.' Not to blame P Ob, no ! But for what did he go to Barth mansion that night? Doctor Wrigley had his private mumble : ' Gone ! Can't be possible ! - But if it is, so much the better I'm innocent.' Oh, innocent? True! Bub for what did he send Tony ? Tbere had this night been crime intended and h»rm done ; and who were the guilty parties ? {To be continued ) 