TALES AND SKETCHES. THE EBB TIDE. Br ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON AND LLOYD OSBOURNE. ArrnoBS op "Tub Wreokere," The Wrong Box," &a; Chapkb VIII.— better Acquaintance. The boat was gone again, and already half I wty to .tho Farallono, before Hcrriok turned and j went unwillingly up the pier. From the crown el the beaah the figurehead confronted him with I what seemed irony, hor hclmetod head tossed t back, her formidablo arm apparently hurling I something, whether shell or missile, in the divec- tlon of the anchored sohoonor. She seemod a I defiant deity from the island, aoming forth to I iti threshold witli a rush as of one about to fly, I anil perpetuated in that dashing attitude. Hor- I rick looked up at her, where she towered above him bead and Bhouldcrs, with singular feelings I ofeuriosity'and romnnco, and suffored his mind I lo travel to and fro in her life history. So long I she had beon tbc blind conduotress of a ship I among the waves ; so long she had stood bore | idle In tho violent sun that yot did not avail to I blister berj and wae even this the end of so I miny adventures? he wondered, or was more I behind! And ho could have found it in hie I hurt to regret that she was not a goddess nor I yet he a pagan, that ho might have bowed down I before her in that hour of diflioolty. i When ho now went forward it was cool with I the shadow of many well grown palms, draughts I ot the dying breozo swung them together over- I head, and on all sides, with ' a swiftness beyond I Oregon dies or swallows, the spots of sunshine flitted and hoverod and returned. Under foot I tk»o?»d was fairly solid- nhd quite level, nud I jlemcks steps foil thoro noiseless as" in now lallen snow. It bore the marks of having been B once weeded liko a gardon alley at home, but 1 pestilence had done its work, and the' weeds I were returning. The buildings of tbo sottlomont | injured here and there through the stems of the I n 111 Ptr'n'odt trim and dandy, and fl JU silent as the gravo. Only here and thoro in tee crypt was there a rustle and sourry, and 8 ir"0/? ot Poultry, and from bohiml the I S i )! . wrandah he saw araoke ariae and 8 the crackling of a Are. I rili w,cro noarost him upon his B 2i.r , 6t Wtt8 looked ! in tire second he I f?. d ",m'F perceive through a window a cor- I |!1 ai!U,TU'f,tif of.Poarl eliell piled in tho K tW?«J " 1)1011 .toed gaping open on 8 with «! u'- !!,i?od on tllB miml of Herrldk 8 thh?.. "utoptaty and disorder of romantic fclmtl'.r e n, woro oablcs, windlasses and 8 fl em 8lzo ""i1 oopoo'ty ; cabin win- I hslch'. l.ill. i" ;.!ils.ty tauksj a companion I iti flAmiL ji w. . !9 ra,s mountings and B dusk offlf.f ? Po'uting iu tho confusion and I iQehnni n ened to a forgotten pole; ropes, B green with1"""18' bl,lbber <Bppor of copper, B with tha Ji.T ' a a'oolrnB wheel, a tool cbest B rite"! »n»me upon the top, tho Asia; B solid heaw t iirll0puOf. se? ourio9' Bros, «nd B lists snSn i J'u 40 broak' boun<1 with B lout must I, JI Irf "i'l wo wrecks at the B InpoflumW oontributoil to this random B it, It seemS to i'-1 'nd' Horrick lookod upon B if )ba 0 ships' oom- B head of feat ,n i ,n. gusf11! and he heard tbo I t»il of Ls tei, 1,0nns?' and 'UW with tho B men, y 0uimonplaco ghosts of sailor llB'gluiflln0hiikIkr0iy tb# JJork of an utousod I "PooieounSa of 8iaT,ethin«: a«n"ibl« to go B doubt sndlblo . ? '?! ? aPPraoh were no B 81 ,bo himber f?d wb," b® "t'll stood staring B suddenly, ami 'Jilt vo 0 b" ll0at sounded I tenure ill'.,, ', ovon more than the ous- B ''JuVk'lf,;0,' uneiation, from behind. I is ya d »»Wo v' old junkl And does B P" tl'int'lf.i8',1,011? impression, " replied B te>t«h on thcfiwo si 8 be m'flht bo able I "P6 Bm9 0m' i,®.0,1lolly fli?„,imMbe, Aoorway, wliloh he B lis head and Otnanil h bantl «trotohod above B J"1"1 'i'eve,1, " itrovo. Ho smiled I ta'mhble, ' l'10 expression wna K SyYllPBW,ofaffim|ir08Sln-, Yo» a"> llko I T1" mlm of an tei 6 "" ,,!llps!" »aId ho- B ?l!»sHtof an SdfnI0iW1 nvo me fri8|d B 'ouinthemiau tbaV an old "helibaok B llU,bl«l". But lW4t,h.,WouldbrinB mo B ? ""Wand, It'. .!! ,' ,ol» s«o some moro B !'itMi, hut there's a u ,?ni3 nnd ooral and Palln H. Place.". uoro s kind of qualntnoss in the B dl«Pl?lt'lhehd&barert;'-' "«i!d ?etrlok, breathing B . Al). tfiS hi?! m th(! "hadow. : b B J8M AHwate;.b8iyy8Vyoura »w from .son," B at# 1 dftre B&y.; too, vou win I iz ?baaa aor ni B Ohri J! al1 to it it'Jru i?," n uolor, It ban n B P, 'i'tisn. Rem' i,! 8 1,k» it s author— it's half 1 »it".4,ndl>o» "l? onte01" iarat viow of tho E Hie S 8n<1 '"PPoso yoST"i00lli,,?nd wooda nl>d '' It it gofca upon tho olmrt tho ekippora wiU mako nioo work of it," anld Attwator. " But, hero, oomo and see tho diving shed." Ho oponod tho door, nnd Horriok saw a largo display of apparatus neatly ordered j pumps nnd Eipoe, nnd tho loaded boots, nnd the hugo spouted clraots shining in rows along tho wall: 10 com- ploto outfits. 11 Tho wholo eastern half of my lagoon is shallow, you must understand," said Attwator : so we wero ablo _ to got in tho dress to groat advantage. It paid beyond belief, and was a quoor sight when they wero at it, and theso marine monsters," topping tho nearest of the hoimets, kept appearing and reappoaring in tho midst of tho lagoon. Fond of parables ?" ho asked abruptly. 11 0, yes," said Ilorriek. " Weil, I saw theso maohines oomo tfp dripping and go down, and oomo up dripping and go down again, and all the whllo tho follow msido as dry as toftBfc," said Attwater; and I thought we all wanted ft -'dress to go into the world in, and eomo up soatheless. "What do you think tho name was ?" he in quired. . "Self oonoeit," said Hcrriok. ' h, but I mean seriously," said Attwater. ".Call it-self rcspeot then," corrected Herriok, with ft laugh. Tr"4j?dTh? ?ot 8rA00? Why not God's grace, Hay i asked Attwator " Why not tho grace of your Maker and Redeomor, He who diort for you, Ho who upholds you, He whom you daily "unify afresh ? There is nothing here," striking u hie bosom, "nothing there," .miting. the wall, ' anfl nothing there," stamping, " nothing but Gods graoe ! Wo walkupon, we breathe.it, welivo nnil dlo by it; it makes the nails and axles of the universe, and a puppy in pyjamas profera self conceit I" Tho huge dark man stood over against Horriok by tho line of tho diver a hoimets, and scorned to swell nnd' glow, and the next moment tho lifo had gono from him. "I bog your pardon," .aid he, "Isoeyou don't bolieve in God t" " Nl >n your sonso, I fear," said Herriok. I nevor arguo with young atheists or habitual drunkards, " said Attwator. " Let us go aeroBs the island to tho outer boaob." It was but a little way, the greatest width of that island scarce exceeding a furlong, and tlioy walked gently. Horriok was like one in a dream. Ho had oomc there with a mind divided ; oomo prepared to study that ambiguous and saoariug mask, drag out tho ossential man from under neath, and aot accordingly, deoisian boing till then postponed. Iron oruelty, an iron insensi bility to tho suffering of otliors, the uncompro mising pursuit of his own interests, odd cul ture, manners without humanity ; these he had looked for, these ho still thought he saw. But to find the wholo maohine thus glow with the revorberation of religious zeal surprised him beyond words ; and bo labored in vain, aa he walked, to pieeo together into any kind of whole his odds and ends of knowledge — to adjust again, into nny kind of foous with itself, his pia- ture of the man bosido him. . " What broughtyou hero to the South Seae ?" he asked proscntly. " Many things," said Attwater. " Youth; ouriosity, romance, the lovo of tho sea, and, it will surprise you to hoar, an interest in missions. That has a good deal declined, which will sur- priao you less. Tlioy go tho wrong way to work ; thoy aro too parsoiiish, too much of tho old wife ; and even the old npple wifo. Olothes, clothes, are their idea ; bnt alothos are not Christianity any mora than they are the sun in- heaven, or oonld tsko the plaoo of it. They think a parsonage with roses, and cburoh bells, and nioo old women bob bing in the lanes aro part and parcel of roligion. But religion is a savngo thing liko the universe it illumiuates ; savage, cold and bare, hut infinitely strong." " And' you found this island by an ncoident?" said Herriok. " As you did ! " said Attwater. And since then I have had a business nnd a colony and a mission of my own. I was a man of the world before I was a Christian ; I'm a man of the world still, and I made my mission pay. No good over came of ooddling. A man has to stand up in God's sight and work up to his weight avoirdupois ; thon I'll talk to him, bnt not before. I gave theso beggars what they wanted, a Judge in Israel, tile bearer of the sword and scourge J I was making a new people hero ; and behold the angel of tha Lord smoto thorn nud they were not 1" "With the very uttering of tho words, whioh wero ncoompaiiied by a gesture, they oamo forth out of the poroli of tho palm wood by the margin of tho son and full in front of the aun, whioh was near setting. Boforo thorn the surf broke slowly. All around, with an air of 1m- porfcot wooden things, inspired with wicked aotivity, the oralis trundled nnd sottled into liolos. On tho right, whither Attwater pointed nnd abruptly turned was the cemetery of the island, n field of broken stones from the big ness of a child's hand to that of bis head diver sified by many mounds of tho same material, and walled by a rude rectangular enclosure. Nothing grew there but a shrub or two with some white flowers ; nothing but tlio number of the mounds nnd thoir disquieting shapo indi cated tho presenco of tho doad. "'Tho rudo forefathers of the hamlet iio!"' quoted Attwater, as lie entered by tho open gateway into that unhomoly close. "Coral to ooral, pebblos to pebhlos," he said, "this'has been the main scene of my aotivity in the South Pacific. Somo are good, and somo bad, and tbo majority, of course and always, null. Hero was a follow now that used to frisk liko a dog ; if you had called him ho came like an arrow from a bow ; if you bad not and he oamo unbidden, yon should have seen the deprecating eye and the little intricate danolng step. Well, his trauhio is over now ; he has lain down with kings aud councillors ; tho rest of his aots, aro they not written in the Book of the Ohronioles? Ho was from Ponrhyn ; like all the Ponrhyn is landers, he was ill to manage; heady, joalous, violent. The man with the noso ! He lias haro quiet onough. And so thoy ail lie. And dark ness was the buricr of tbo dead." He stood in the strong glow of the sunset, witli bowed head ; bin voiee sounded now sweet and now bittor with the varying sense. "You lovod theso people?" oried Horriok, strangely touohed. "I?" said Attwater. "Dear, no! Don't think me a philanthropist. I dislike men and I hato women. If I like the islanders at all, it is beoause you see thorn hero plucked of their loadings, their dead birds and cooked hats, thoir potticontn and oolorcd lioso. Hero was one I likoij, though," nnd he sot his foot upon a mound. " Ho wae a flno savage fellow ; ho hod a dark soul ; yes, I liked this one. I am fanci ful," ho added/looking hard at Herriok, V and I toko fads. I like you." Horriok turnod and lookod for away to wlioro tho olouds were beginning to troop together and nmnss thomsolvei round tho obsoquies of to- day. " No olio oan liko me," ho said. "You ore wrong there, "said theothef, as a man usually is about himself. You aro attrac tive, vory attractive," "It is not me," said Horriok; no ono oan like me. If you know how I despised myself, and why 1" Ilia voice rang out m. the quiet graveyard. . '. : ,. > ,j " I know that you despised yourself,' said Attwater. "I' saw tho blood com. .into your; face when you remembered Oxford, and I- oonld' bavo blushed foryou myself, to seo agentleman, With theso two vulgar wolves." Herriok faced him with a thrill. " 'Wolves?" ho repeated. " I said wolvos and vulgar wolves," said Att wator. "Do you know that to-day, when I oamo on board, I tremblod ?" " You ooncoalod it," stammered Horriok. " A habit of mino," sold Attwator. " But I was afraid for all that ; I was afraid of tho'two wolves." Ho raised his hand slowly. "And now. Hay, you poor lost puppy, what do you do with tho two wolvos ?" ''What do I do ? I don't do anything," sold Horriok. "Thoro is nothing wrong; all is above board ; Captain Brown is a good soul ; ho la . a llB la, " Tho phantom voice of Davis oalled in his oar. " There's going to boa funeral," and tha sweat burst forth and and strenmeil on his brow. "Ho is a family man," ho resumed again, swallowing; "ho has ohlldren at home, and a wifo." „ " Aud a very nice man ?" said Attwater. 'And so is Mr. Huisli, no doubt ?" "I won't go so far OB that," said Horriok. "I do not liko Huisli. Yot he has his morits too." ' And, in short, take them all in all, as good ft ship, company as ono would ask?'' said Attwater. "Oh, yes," said Herriok, "quite." So, then, w. approach tha other point of why you despise yourself ?" said Attwater. 'Do Wo not nil dospiso oursclvos ?" oried Herriok. "Do not you?" "Oh, I say I do ; hut do I?" Baid Attwater. "Ono thing I know, at least; I nevor gave a cry like yours. Hay I it oamo from a bad con science ! Ah, man, that poor diving dross of self conceit, is sadly tnttored I To-day, if ye will, hoar my voice. To-day, . while the sun Bets, and hero in this burying plaoe of brown innooonts, fall on your knees and oast your sins and sorrows on tho Rodeomer. Hay——" " Not Hay 1" interrupted theother strangling. "Don't call me that! I moan— for God's sako, oan't you seo I'm on the rack ?" " I seo it, I know it; I put and keep you there, my fingers aro on tho screws 1" said Att wator. "Plenso God, I will bring a penitent this night before His throno. Come, ooine to- tho meroy seat I Ho waits to ho gracious, man —waits to bo gracious !" He spread out his arms like a oruoifix ; his faoe shorto with tha brightness of a sornph's ; in his voice,, as it roso to the last word, tho tears scorned ready. Hcrriok mado a vigorous oall upon himself. Attwater," ho Baid, "you push mo boyond boaring. -IVhat am I to do? I do not boliovo. It is living truth to you ; to me, upon my con science, only folk lore. I do not believe thoro is any form of words under heaven by whioh I oan lift tho burdon from my shoulders. I must stagger on to the ond with the paok of my responsibility ; I cannot shift it ; do you sup- poso I would not, if I thought I aould ? I cannot, cannot, cannot; and let that suffioo." . Tho rapture was all gono from Attwater'e countonanoo ; the dark apostle had disappeared, and in his place there stood an easy, sneering gentleman who took off his hat and bowed. It was portly done, and tho blood burned in Herriok's fnoe. " What do you mean by that?" he oried. " Woll, shall we go back to the houso?" said Attwater. " Our guosts will soon be due." Herriok stoucl his ground a moment, with olenolied fists and teeth; and as he so stood tho fact of his errand there slowly swung elear in front of him, like the moon out of the olouds. He had corns to Iuro that man on board ; he was failing, even if it oould he said that lie had tried ; he was sure to fail now, and knew it, and knew it was better so. And what next ? With a groan ho turned to follow his host, who was standing with a polite smile, and in stantly and somowhat obsequiously led tho way into tho now darkened colonnade of palms. Thore thoy wont in siicnoo ; the earth gave up richly of hor perfumo, the air tasted warm and aromatio in tho nostrils, and from a great way forward in the wood tho brightness of lights nnd fire marked out tho house of Attwator, Herriok meanwhilo, resolved and resisted an immense temptation to go up, to touoh him on the arm and brcatho a word in his car: "Bo- waro, thoy are going to murder you." There would bo one life saved ; but what of tho two otliors? Tho throe lives wont up and down be fore him like buakets in a well, or liko tho saaleB of balances. It had oome to a choice, and ona that must be speedy. For oertaiu invaluable minutes the wheels of life ran boforo him, and ho oould still divert them witli a touoh to the ono sido or tho other, still ohooso who was to Ilvo and who was to die. He considered the men. Attwater intrigued, puzzled, dazzled, en chanted and revolted him ; nlive, he seemed but a doubtful good ; and tho thought of him lying dead was so nnwolcome that it parsucd him, liko a vision, with ovory oiroumstnnoe of color and sound- Incessantly lie had before him tho image of tbatgrentmaxgof manstrioksn down in varying attitudes and with varying wounds; fallen prone, fallen supine, fallen on his side, or clinging to the door puBt with the ohanging face and the relaxing fingers of tho death agony. He heard the eliok of tho trigger, the thud of the bail, the ory of tho viotim ; ho saw tho blood flow. Aud this building up of oiroumstaiioes was like a consecration of tho man, till ho soemcd to walk in sacrificial Allots. Next he con sidered Davis, with Ills thick fingerod, coarse grained, oat bread eommonnc9s of nature, his indomitable valor and mirth in the old days of their starvation, tho endearing blond of his faults and virtuos, tlio suddon shining forth of a tenderness that lay too deep for tears ; his ohiidron, Ada and her bowel complaint, and Ada's doll. No, death could not bo suffered to approach that hnad even in faney ; with a goneral heat and a brnolng of his musoles, it was borpe in on Herriok that Ada's father would find in him a son to tho death. And even Huisli showed a llttlo in that saoredneea ; by the taoit adoption of daily lifo tlioy wore becomo brothers. Thoro .was an impliod bond of loyalty in thoir cohabitation of the ship and their . past miseries, to whioh Horrick must be a little true or wholly dishonored. Horror of sudden death for horror of suddon death ; there was hero no hesitation possible; it must bo Attwater. And no sooner was the thought formed, wbioh wns asontenoe, than tho whole mind of the man ran in a panto to the other side, and when ho looked within himself ho wns aware only of turbulence and in- artloulata outcry. In all tliis there was no thought of Robert Hcrriok. He had complied with the obb tide in man's affairs, and the tide lmd oarriod him away ; ho hoard already tho roaring of the mnol- strain that muBt hurry him undor. And in his bedevilled and dishonored soul thoro was. no thought of self. For how long ho walked silont' by his oqin- panion, Herriok had no guoss. The oloudo rolled suddenly awny ; tho orgasm was over ; ho found himsolf placid with tho plaoidity of dospair ; thoro roturnod the power of ooiqmon- plnoo speech, and ho hoard with surprise his own voice Bay : " AYhat a lovely avonhig !" " Is it not ?" said Attwator. " Yes, tho even ing here would bo pleasant if one had anything t do. By day, of coprso, one oan shoot.' "You shoot?" asked Herriok. " Yob, I am what you call a fipo shot," V'A Attwator. " It is faith ; I boliovo my halls will go true. If I were to mils onoo it would spoil me for nine months." > "You nover miss, then?" said Herriok. ot unless I moan to," Baid Attwater. But to miss nicely is tho art. Thoro was an old king one.knew in tho western islands who used to empty a Winchester all round a man, and atir his hair or kniok a rag out of his olothes with ovory ball except tho last; and that went plump botweon tho eyes. It was pretty practice." " You oould do that ?" askod Herriok, with a suddon ohiiL "Ob, anything," roturned tho other. "You do not understand ; what must he, muBt." They were now oomo near to the baok part of tho house. Ono of tho men was engaged about tho cooking firo, whioh burned with tho oloar, fierce, essential radiance of cocoanut shollz, A fragrance of strango moats was in tho air. All around in tho verandahs lamps woro lighted, so that tha plaoe aliono abroad in tho dusk of tho trees with many complicated pattorns of shadow. " Como and wash your hands," said Attwator, and iod tho way into a clean, mattod room, with a oot bed, a safe, a nholf or two of books in a glazed case, and an iron Washing stand. Frosently ho oried in the nativo tongue, and there appeared in the doorway a plump and pretty young woman with a olean towol. '.'Hullo I" cried Hcrriak, who now saw for tho first time tho fourth survivor of 'tho postilonoe, ond was startled by the recollection of tho captain's ordors. 'Yes," said Attwator, "the wholo colony lives about tho house, what's left of it. 1Ye aro all afraid of devils, if you ploaso ! and Taniera and she sleep in tho front parlor and tho other boy on the vorandah." " She is pretty," said Herriok. "Too protty,". Baid Attwater. "That was why I had her married. A man nevor knows when he may bo inclined to bo a fool about womon; bo wlion wo wero left alone I had the pair of them to tho ohopol and performed tlio ooremony. She mode a lot of fuss. I. do not. tako at all tho romantio viows of marriage," h. explained. " And that strikes you as a safeguard ?" aslcod Herriok, with amazement. "Certainly. I am a plain man and vory literal. "Whom God liath joined together, aro the words, I fanay. So one married them, and rcspoots tho marriago," said Attwator. " Ah I" said Horriok. "You seo, I may look to mako on exoollont marriago wlion I go home," began Attwater, confidentially. " I am rich. This oato alone," laying his hand upon it, "will bo a moderate fortune, when I have the time to place the poarls upon the market. Here aro 10 years' aooumulation from a lagoon where I havo had as many aa 10 divers going all day long ; and I wont further than people usually do in theso waters, for I rotted a lot of Bhell, and did splendidly. Would you like to see them ?" This confirmation of Lite oaptain's guess liit Herriok hard, and he obntafnod himself with difficulty. "No, thank you; I think not," said lie. " I do not onro for poarls. I am very in- difforont to ail these " " Gewgaws?" suggested Attwater. "And yet I believe yon onght to caat on eyo on my col lection, which is roally unique and whioh, O, it is the 0B80 with all of us and everything about ue ! bangs by a hair. To-day it growetb up and flourisheth ; to-morrow it is out down and oast into tha oven. To-day it is hero and .togotlior in this safe ; to-morrow— to-night !— it may be: scattered. Thou fool, this night thy soui shall be required of tboe." " I do not understand you," said Herriok. " Not ?" said Attwater. "You apeak in riddles," said Horriok, un steadily. "I do not undoratand what manner of man you arc, nor what you are driving nt." Attwater stood with his bands upon- bis hips and his bead bent forward. " I am a fatalist," ho replied, "and just now, if you insist on it, an oxporimentalist. Talking of whioh by the by, who painted out the schooner's name?" bo said, with mocking softness, "because, do you know ! one thinks it should be done again. It can still be partly read ; and whatever is worth doing is Bureiy worth doing well. You think with mo? That is so nico 1 Well, shall wo step on tho verandah? I havo a dry sherry that I would liko your opinion of." Hcrriok followed him forth to whore, under tho light of tho hanging lamps, the table shone with napery and oryBtal ; fallowed him as tha eriininal goes with tho hangman or the sheep with the butcher; took tho Bherry mechanic ally, drank it, and spoko mechanical words of praise. Tho objeot of bis terror. had beoome suddenly inverted : till then he had soon Att wator trussed nnd gagged, a helpless viotim, and had - longed to run in and save him ; he saw him now tower up mysterious and men- aoing, the angel of tho Lord's wrath, armod with knowleclgo and threatening judgment; Ho sot down his glass again, and was surprised to see it empty. "You go armod?" ho. said, and the noxt moment could have pluoked his tongue out, ''Always," said Attwater. "I. have been through a mutiny hero ; that was one of my in cidents of missionary life." And just then tho sound of. voices reaohed them, and looking forth from the verandah they saw Huish and the captain drawing near. Chafter IX.— The Dinner Party. They sat down to an island dinner, remarkable far its variety and excelienoe ; turtle soup and steak, fish, fowls, a auoklug pig, a coooanut salad, and sprouting coooanut roasted for dosaert. Not a tin had been opened ; and save for the oil and vinegar in the salad, and same green spears of onion whioh Attwator cultivated and pluoked with Ilia own hand, not ovon the oondimonts wero European. Sherry, hook and olaret suc ceeded eooli other, and the Farallono champagne brought up the rear with the dessert. It was plain that, like so many of the ox- tromcly rofigious in tho .days before teototalism, Attwater had a dash of tho epiouro. For sueii oharaoters it is softening to eat well ; doubly so to have designed and . had prepared an oxcoilent meal for otliors, and the manners of thoir host wero agreeably mollified in eonsequenoe. A oat of a huge growth sat on his shoulder purring, and oocasionnlly, with a deft paw, oapturing a morsel In tha air. To a cat ho might ba iikenod himself,, oa ho lolled at tho head of liie table, dealing out attentions and innuendoes, and using tho volrot and tho alaw indifferently. And botU IIuiflU and tbe captain fell progres sively under tbo oharm of his hospitable free dom. Over the third guest tho inoidenta of tho dinner may he said to have passed for long un. hooded. Herriok aaeopted ail that was offered him, ate and drank without tasting, aud heard without comprehension. His mind waa singly ocoupied in oontomplating the horror of the oir- oumstnnco in which he sat. What Attwator kucw, wlmt tha captain designed, from which side treaohory was to be first oxpeotod, theso wero the grounds of his thoughts. Thoro wero times when ho longed to throw down tho tabla and flee into tho night. And even that was de barred him; to do anything, to say anything, to move at all, wero only to preoipitate tho bar barous tragedy; and ha Bat spellbound, eating with wliito lips. Two of his companions ob served him narrowly, Attwator with raiting sido- long gianoos that did not interrupt his talk, tbo captain with a heavy and anxioua considera tion. "Woil, I must say that sherry is a really primo artiole," said Huish. "'Ow mueb docs it stand you in, if it's a fair question?" ' aa " A hundred and twolvo shillings in London, and tho freight to Valparaiso and on again," said Attwater. " It strikes one as really not a bad fluid." " A 'undred and twelve !" murmured tho olerfr, relishing tho wine and the figures in a common eostaoy : "Oh, my 1" "Glad you liko it," said Attwater. "Help yourself Mr. Whisk, and keop the bottle by you." " My friend's name is Huish, and not Whiab, sir, ' said the captain with a flush. . .' "I beg your pardon, I am sure. Huish and not Whish ; certainly," said Attwater.'1 " I was about to say that I have still eight dozen, " ho added, fixing tho oaptain with his eye. '' Eight dozen what?" said Davis. . ' Sherry," was the reply, " eight dozen excel lent sherry. Wliy.it seems almost worth it in itself to n man fond of wine." Tbo ambiguous words Btruok homo to guilty oonsoienoe, and Huish and the . oaptain sat up in their places and regarded him with ft stare. j fl iVovtk'what?" said Davis. 1 "A hundred and twelve shillings, " replied Attwater. The captain breathed hard for a moment. He reaohod out far and wide|to find any oohorenoy in these remarks ; then, with a great offort, okanged the subject. : "I allow we . are about the first whitomen upon this island, sir," said he. Attwater followed him at onoe, and with entire gravity, to tho now ground. "Myself and Dr. Bymonds excopted, I should sny tho only ones," he rotnrned. " And yet who oan' tell? In the course of tho ages some ono may have lived bore, and wo Sometimes think that somo one must. The cocoa palms grow all around : tho island, whioh iB scarce liko nature's plant- ' ing. We found besides, wlion we landed, an unmistakable Cairn upon the -boaoh; use unknown, but probably erected in tha hope of gratifying somo mumbo-jumbo whoso very name is forgotten by somo thiok witted- gentry. whose very bones are lost. Thon tho island (witness the Directory ) has beon twice reported, and einoe my tennnoy we havo had two wrecks, both derelict, Tho lest is conjeoture." "Dr, Simonds is your partnor, I guess?" said Davis. "A dear follow, Simonds! How he Would regret it'if he knew you had been here 1" said Attwator. . . ' " On 'the Trinity 'All, ain't he 1" askod Huish. - " And if you could tell mo whoro the Trinity 'All was, you would confer a favor, Mr. Whish," was the reply, " And she has a native crew ?" said Davis. "Siuco tho secret lias been kept 10 yoars, one would supposo she had," replied Att water. "AVoll, now, seo hero," said Hnish; "you havo evorythink about you in ond style, and no mistake, but I toll you it wouldn't, do for me. Too muoh of 'Tho Old Rustic Bridge by tbo Mill ;' too retired by 'alf. Give me the sound of Bow Bells." "Yon must not think it was always so," re plied Attwater. "This was once a busy shore, although now, bark ! yon can hear the solitude. I find it stimulating. And, talking of tho sound of bells, kindly follow a little exporiment of mino in Bilonoe." There was a silver boll at his right hand to call the servants ; ho mado them a sign to stand still, struck the bell with forco, and leaned eagerly forward. The noto roso olear and strong ; it rang out olonr and far into the night nnd over the deserted island; it died into the distance until there only lingered in tho porches of tho car n vibration that wee sound no longer. " Empty houseB, empty sea, solitary beaches I" said Attwater. "And yet God hears tho hell ! And yet wo sit in this verandah on a lighted stage, with oil heaven for spectators 1 And you oall thRt solitude ?" (to he continued.) 