| CHAPTER II.—A Friend in Need. I -Down, down to the far horizon emits the westering sun, the malignant fierceness of his blazing countenance abating somewhat, for bo is within an honr of bis rest. Yet the ' earth still gives forth its shimmering heat, and on every side the red snrfaeo of the parohed-up plain assumes a bne of blood be neath the golden glow of sunset, which, con trasted with the vivid blue of the heavens, iB productive of a strangely weird and nnearl hly | So thinks, at any rate, a horseman, toil? somoly making his way over its inhospitable expanse. His steed, suffering terribly from want of water, as well as from a lack of nutri tious food, aan hardly drag its limbs along, and more than once has the rider endeavored to relieve the poor beast by undertaking long spells of walking. Bat who can indulge in protraoted exercise under suoh difficulties P Consequently, the horseman, though of fine and powerfnl build, is nearly as faeged and used up as bis unfortunate steed. Now and again a flying locust raps him in tho face as he “ What an infernal country 1” ho oxolaims aloud, wiping his dripping forehead. “ Nearly sunset ; no sort of habitation in sight, and not even a drop ot water in this howling deBert. By dove, the situation is getting serious,” he adds, in a tone bordering on His alarm is not without reason. Since quitting last night’s camp beside a nearly dry waterhole, containing a noisome mixture, and that of the consistency ef a pea-sonp, he has found no trace of the indispensable fluid. And be is lost. A worn-out horse under bim, foodless, waterless, in tho midBt of un apparently interminable deBert, he has every excuse for beginning to feel excessively con cerned. He is a fine, tall, well set-up man, this stranger, No partiality could define him as handsome. His features have no regularity, and his light blue eyes are u trifle too small and deep Bet; but there is a certain power about hia oountenance, whose square, resolute jaw, tho short, fair pointed beard and heavy sweeping moustache oan only half hide. Though his face and hands are burnt red brown, there is a subtle something which tolls at a glauoo ho is not; colonial born, anti that, too, quite apart from the newness of lua travelling dress prematurely worn by rough usage, and of the serviceable valiBO whioh is strapped in front of hiB saddle. A stony kopje, tne only omiuence for live miles around, rises botoro the traveller. This ho has been using ns a landmark, and through its agency steoring in a straight line. It, too, having reached, ho now ascends and immediately there escapes him a pretty forcible ejaculation of ronet. Away in front, breaking the deadly monotony of this horrible plain, lies a houso a home* Bteit*"is still threo or four miles distant, though apparently nearer. But the horse has espied it as Boon as his rider, and. pnok and steps out with something of an approach tobriekuess. . ' , . The first elation—at the certainty of butt ing neoessarios such as food and drink—over, tho traveller’s thoughts turn to considera tions of comfort. Alter all, the welcome haven is, in all probability, a mere rough Boer homestead, the abode of dirt and fleas, a place wherein comfort is an nnknown quantity. And at such a prospect, hungry, thirsty, thoroughly wearied as he is, his spirits droop. . But his musings are interrupted in a suflicientiv startling manner, by nothing less than the “whiz” of a bullet pleasantly oloae to his head, simultaneously with the “ bang" of tho pieoe whence it was discharged. Looking up, he finds that' ho has ap proached within a few hundred yards of tho homestead. In the' doorway of tho samo stands a tall man, clad in a shirt and trousers, with a gun in his hand, from whioh he is ex tracting the still smoking cartridge shell. Barely has he mastered these details than another bullet Bings past hiB ear, this time nearer than tho first, while tho report rings out upon the evening air. To say that the wayfarer boginB to feel ex ceedingly unoomfortable is to express little. Here he is, a perfeotly peaceable, unoffending person, about to seek the much-needed hospitality of yonder domicile, and suddenly, and without an iota of provocation, its owner proceeds to make a target of him in the most oold-blooded fashion. Truo, he has heard that many of tho up- country Boers are a wild and lawless set, holding an Englishman in utter detestation. But this open and unpro voked “ not of war” surpasses anything ho may have been led to expect. “Here, hallo! You, sir ! What are you blazing away at me for V' lie sings out, his tone betraying a daKieo of anger which prudence [should have induced him to sup HiB hand instinctively goes to tho revolver slung round him in a holster under his coat. But of what use iH a six-shooter .against sn enomy many hundred yards distant, and armed with a rifle ? Therefore, it. is with considerable relief that he beholds his unex pected adversary ground his piece, staro at him for a moment, then disappear indoors. The feeling is but transitory, however, as it occurs to him that the feliow haB pro bably gone in to get more cartridges, and that any moment ho may find himself onoe more raked by tho enemy's fire. He judges it prudent to try the effect of a parley be fore venturing any nearer. “Hi! Hallo, friend!" he shouts, “just drop that target pruotiee, will you P There isn’t an ounce of harm about me. I’m nothing but a poor traveller lost in the voldt, and pretty well dead for want of a drink. D’you understand?" Then it strikes him that if the inhos pitable householder is, as he expects, a Boer, he will probably not understand. “What is to be done?" exclaims tho wayfarer, in sheer despair. “ Well, here goes. May aB well be Bhot as starve in the veldt; and perhaps the follow’s only playing the fool—trying what I’m made of—and, if I were only within fifty or oven a hundred yards of him, the ‘ trying ’ wouldn’t be all on one side.” Thus musing, he continues ms advance upon the homestead, walking ms uorse and whistling in an attomp'c to appear thoroughly unconcerned, although in point of actual fact he feels pretty muoh as the Six Hundred must have done on reeeip5\°f fj10 historic and idiotic order. But noj leaded greetings reach him, nor does tue enemy. tlie ...-tUa gravel89 ho r‘des L __mjV iviuQ opriti, exactly as the shooter had left it on retiring there from. There is not a sound of anybody moving inside. The plaos might have been uninhabited. • Just then the bud, whioh all this time has gradually been sinking, and has already touohed the horizon, disappears. Something like a chill creeps over tho traveller at the sudden gloom whioh falls upon the tenement just as he is about to cross its threshold. Standing at the door, he raps it, somewhat impatiently, with the handle of hiB whip. No answer. Cautiously, and with hand on hiB pistol, he enters. There is no passage; the door opens straight into the sittingroom. At tho sight which meets his eyes he starts, and in volnntariiy falls baok. In a comer of the room stands a tall figure. Leaning with one shoulder against the wall, its eyes are fixed upon the intruder, great hollow eyes, whioh Beem to glitter strangely, and the deathly pallor of the face is enhanced by its framing of dark hair and beard. Though otherwise motionless, both hands and lips are working slightly, but no sound escapes the latter. The wayfarer, though not by any means a man of weak nerves, is oonBOtous of something horribly uncanny about this ghostlike figure, so silent and immovable, glowering at him in the shades of the fast-guthering twilight. But at the same time he recognises his recent assailant. No ghost this, bat—a madman. For a moment both stand staring at eaoh other. Then the strange-locking figure speaks. “ Welcome, friend—welcome. Come in, come in. Make yonrself at home. Have yon bronght any loonsts with you ? Lots of them—BwarmB, to eat up what little grass the drought has left. Have you brought them, I say? Aha—fine things, loonsts! Don’t know how wo should get on without tbem. Grand thiDgs for this country ! Fino oountry this 1 Green as an emerald. Emeralds! no, diamonds. But there isn’t a ’ stone’ on the plaee, devil a ‘ stone.’ ” “Loonsts ! Emeralds ! Diamonds !” echoes the stranger in amazement. ‘ * Scott, hut the poor ohap's clean off bis ohump—clean off it! What on earth am I to do with him, or with myself either for tho matter of that ?” “ Not a ‘ stone’ on the place 1” goes on the speaker, in a monmful tone. ‘1 I’ve foBsioked high and low, and there isn’t one—not one. Ah, but-tho Valley of the Eye! Come, friend. We will start at once. Yon shall make your fortune. Dirk! Dirk !” he shouts, passing the wondering stranger, and gaining the doorway. A withered old Koranna, olad in a mangy sheepskin kaross, who has just finished pen ning a flock of Angora gouts in one of the kraals, comes running up at the summons. At sight of his master his parchment visage assumes a look oi deep concern. “ Die Baas is reegte ziek!’’ (the master is properly ill) he says, taming to the stranger. “ I should rather think he was,” assents the latter, who, although his acquaintance with colonial Dutoh ia extremely limited, has no difficulty in grasping tho old fellow’s meaning. “Stones, locusts, Valloy of the Eye! Pho 1 The sooner we get him to bed the better. “ I say, old man,” ho breaks off persuasively, laying a hand on the shoulder of his unconsoious host, ‘ ‘ You’re not quite the thing, you know. Come along and turn in. I'll give you a hand at getting your togs off.’’ The other looks at him vaoantly, and seems to oomprehend. He suffers nimself to be led into the inner room quite docilely, and there and then to be assisted into bed. Once there, howevor, the blood rushes to his face, and ho begins raving horribly, though his violence finds expression in speech rather than in action. (TO BB CONTXNDED.J While a Georgia editor was addressing an andience fifteen cabbages were thrown on the stage. “ I thank you, ladies and gentlemen,” he said. “ My garden was killed by the re cent blizzard, and I have a large family to support.. All that I need now is a basket.” 