[?] Baoes, at Oaulfleld, _, , , - The result of -fttei CaUlfield Grand tsamBOKWBm one. Teddy Morris\p^-t«d the winner in h)-U.very,J-ejiHrtyleu and the gerform-j two years in succession is one that he nnlv'tfcil W/AroM: of.'' ' (The'iifrinne/ started at 14 ¥6'ltfe*'ioll-knowii Southern Tasmanian penoiller landing a fair stake. TtafresnU .af r .the Stoeplechase , knocked tnyiide*; of. ?Dtrodi's /staying .capabilities/ ltitclii|rf»';i«8!b« 'runpf'1 off the mark, and nevto'g*Ve bis opponents ; the ghost of * dhanoe, winomffvery easily .indeed. CorangiuijIte.iBnded his ameer in thi« race.iroftshingi right into s, fence, and, compl*t«lyfchBtt«r3n([oneof his legs, .He hud :to 'bei des,ta»yed. ffaBnunianB were ' fte»in..!to theiiront ini tie Balaclava Stakes, Eumwrah squeezing home by a neck from.Gs»ita»l »w owner entered a protest for interference, which was im mediately dtontaBlii ' '??' The Tasmaninn Turf Club heldtbeki annual meeting of members last Monday, hcAlthy obndiuOn. ' j&embero; have kepi the old management intact, and I don't - thinl th'e'y can ifli^rpveon die committee elected,,. M they 'one Md all take the keanesti lintet'Opt ,lh the affairs of the °^Th'tf Adelaide '^Afclng 'Club will con elude their mooting to-day, when the Grand National Steeplechase will be run tori Which' I' thirik; 'Will be. won hy Strike or Sardine, the former for chpipo. Tho^TptpliBa|or .--ftfll; receiffd its quietW Tmeii^ltTeachellthe legislative Council, and the racing clubs thank the member* of that chamber for shelving-one of the most obnoxious measures ever introdiieed into a Tas manian Parliament. . The N.Z. horee Mutiny won the Hurdle race nt Rosehill last Saturday, the winner starting favorite at 8 to 1. James Hayes, the well-known jockey, applied to the V.R.C. this week for a licence' to ride, but the committee re fused to grant it. Thp V-&aad;? Jfa^o^l'Jteeplp w{n£er (Daimio) is to be given a spell. jTE. Brewer has 'sold Selim for 2tK); guineas, the purchaser being Mr. G. Woodforde. - ' : ?????? Favor won the C&ulfield; Hurdle race in the fastest time on record for that event M& Dondi did the same in the Steeple. was w^njj'about in £be paddock. at Caulfieid on Satttrday. Capstan pulled up slightly lame after his run in the Balaclava Stakes, but he till remains firm for the CaUlfield Cup, his price being 100 to 7. The Derby favorite, Dreamland, -« reported amiss, an attack of strangles being the cause of Scobie'e uneasiness. Mr. W. Pearson became possessor of Macquurie, the price paid being fiOgns. The Adelaide Racing Club commenced their Grantl National Meeting last Saturday. Tbc weather was fine, ' and the racing, .quite-, up .-to -the average. The brincinal event of the day, the Grand NitfihiT auifilo ©6a', mW*A ? H k com plete bojl p*er, Kingsclcrc just getting nometrommy selection, the Puke, paying the handsqtpc dividend of £2i is. The winner will be remembered as running h great race with Figaro, when that horse got hemerin p buttjle tace in Squ^h ,Ans traljafcoiifc W«e moijlirtia&o.; , jjrud|it|g,by the ' aifldftno;. the owner wouM Tjcncfit very lifBebuteideihe stake. Lord Oren villc kept up 'Iris reputation as being more' than an average hotteby again defeating Port Admiral in the Kintore Handicap. Of course the big gun was conceding a lump of weight to the winner, but the Ii miles was run in 4min. H«ee., which must be considered a finjt-intc performance, and the South .Australia- -fl have a decided chance of appropriating one of our cups. T*o]Nwl3Pi*iBfit-i i^'ho .met 1ub death at OauTfield i%st Saturday, was one -of the oldest anil most respected professional horsemen in the southern hemisphere; Whether rid ing his own horses or riding for a master' It mattered not. A thoroughly competent rider and honest as the sun, which is saying a lot nowadays, his death wilt undoubtedly remove one of the land marks ot the Australian turf. An attempt is already being made to get up a race meeting to provide funds for his widow and family, and judging by the response already anode, the promoters (should have a decent «um to place to the bereaved woman's credit. The weights for the A.J.C. Epsom Handicap and Metropolitan Stakes have been, published. For the former tic. Cremorne heads the list with 9.10, followed by Marvel 9.8, Pilot Boy 9«, Hrookleigh 9.6, and old Bungcbah 9.4. For the Metropolitan Crcmornc and Jeweller are asked to cany 0.8 *?«!). with Marvel 9.6, Brookieigb 9.G, and Paris H. 4, as the second division. . ? The Zeerian und -Strahan Boeing Club have a credit balance of £32. The next races will probably take place at Strahan on IJoT^mbet^th. -. f , j ? ? -. ' ? . ; The Queensland Government represent sugar and sheep. Mankind is not in it. An exchange says regarding it: — The present Ministry is morally and materi ally 'impecuniouB. It has no policy, no money, and no decency. It pursues what Lord lieaconsGeld called 'a policy nf masterly inactivity,' except when guz zling, when it manifests an energy un paralleled in the annals of Governments Carl HrowlL says the Aob'trm.ian Woniuubt/, -5^B \f the (leaders of the CoKa-5*o!y -of 'America, i«* Jow«»undpel and undoubtedly a traitor. But that doeB not detract from the genuineness of the movement. We have scoundrels in ottr ranks, but that doc's not condemn AufifoilSn Labor reform. 