Tin 1 Liu.-hves »f Yurk ha- pvfs.,-ntt-d mtlie Royal Camliriiiiie Asylum for Soldi.Widows. Kingst'"i«-"n-T!i:iim-s, trio sum of moni'y, ;mi..lizitiii'_r to 110,'iilv .Dillon, ivliu'li was uivi-n to hor on lit*r ii!iirrv.i-;i-l.y ofli ;er= of all branch™ .if the army, tn be u: "d as a sujiaratii fund,and known us " The lV'-i nl.ition from tin* IIul-Ik:.-;.- fif York of her Wi-.Mir.i_'Iii r t from Ofli^cr- of tin' Annv." The Royal <'am'.iiiiif,'e Asylum was instituted in im-inny of tin' late Duke oi Cambridge, the Dni-.heis of V. L'l'andfather. Thf really niodt-rn ivomau u (says a Lon.lon (.orteipoiident). in many respects, bucaming totally uniit ior inatrimony, an'l many of tlieui are »o tborouirlily i-ouscious rrf this that they would never enter into a relation which is ijuite alilioneiit fur them were it not. the only profession 1 iju'U to a womitn whieh i'e.[Uires no previouitiamiii^. To a m••deru woman novelty is life. It is mil likely, therefore, that she will ever ao'ii.-tom herself to the monotony of luariia^e. U'tera time she will ltoi weary of the one man, wiili his one s.'t of ideas, who asserts his rurins wit'uout milking fresh efforts to retain hi.-: hohl on her favour. What the uioilorn womau likes is the uueommou, the subtle, the brilliant. A womy.li of this kind will find only the eommouplaee in matrimony when the first glamour of the honeymoon is over,and she craves for some fresh exeitement. This kind of man is not; so easy to find, however, and so it is not- surprising that many of our smart modern women remain unmarried, and so many of our aristocracy choose fur themselves wives who are not of the smart, fast style. The modern woman is a most brilliant companion for a waltz or a picnic. Her light, lively, disconnected chatter effervesces like champagne and is almost as intoxicating. As a wife, however, she would be as upsetting to the domestic constitution as champagne for breakfast is to the physical. Tin: custom of women taking 'heir hushaud's name is undergoing considerable modifications. In England there are many ladies who do not, on marriage, like to abandon the name which they have rendered celebrated. Cases in proof of this are Mre. 'jarrott Andeiwin, M.I)., Mrs. Jopling liune,Mrs.Lancaster Wallis, Mrs. Pechej'Plnpsjn, II D„ and many more. In Norway, however, a step further has been taken, and the husband now sometimes couples his wife's surname with his own. Lately a sculptor of some celebrity named Howell married a Miss Smith, and called himself Mr. ItoweJI-Smith, his wife being Mrs. Howell-Smith. The only difficulty with those double-barrelled names arisus in the case of the daughters of such couples, for what are these to do when they uiarry} They must drop one of their appellations, or in a few generations their style and title would become loo lengthy to be endured. Some ladies of advanced views adopt another plan, and retain their own instead of their husband s Christian name. Thus, instead of Mrs. John Brown and Mrs. Charles Black, we frequently hear of Mrs. Jane Brown a,nd Mrs. Charlotte Ulack. What custom will finally determine in this difliculty can only be matter for conjecture. Follow)Kn the departed American historical clock at the Waxworks comes the most astounding delusiou that ever captivated the mind of the Australian public. Professor Davis, who has originated it here, calls it Diotheka, which oi:r linguist informs ns is something like Greek for :i living man in a box. The box is plain enough. So is tbe tnan. But how the man gets inside the box, or how the box gets outside the man, or how the man gets outside tbe box, or how the boxbut then, never mind. That's the pnzzlo. You may examine tbe box as much as you like, but you'll find no points about that box. In fact, there's nothing in it. Isn't there Y You go ami see it, and you'll come away seriously thinking there'6 a good deal in it. Ik it really true that Ibsen's plays are heing so widely read in Melbourne V One bears of a lady who, instead of giving her usual "at homes," ha? started an Ibsen reading circle in her drawingroom, selecting a pity to bo read on each of her former " at home" days, allotting the parts to her friends, and inviting others to listen! The experiment is said to have been remarkably interesting. Hut fancy reading "Ghosts" in a drawingmom' The proper place in which to read it would he the operating-room of a hospital, or at a meeting of the Psychical liesearch Society. 