IiThe Storyteller. AN ORIGINAL BELLE I AiTALE OF THE AMERICAN WAR ...... . (Continued.) CHAPTER XXV. A CHAINED -H- II. I. . A stormy day not far from the middle of April, ended in a stormier evening. Marian bad not been able to go out and had suffered a little from ennui. Her mother had a head ache, Mr. Yosburgh had gone to keep an ap Dointment. and the evening promised to ba 'an interminable one to tbe youDg girl. She unconsciously wished that Merwyn would come, and halt-smilingly wondered whether be would brave the storm to see her. \- . She waa not kept long in soipeme, for he soon appeared with a book whioh he wished to return, he said. 'Papa is oat/ Marian began, affably, ' and you will have to be content with seeing ' me. Yon have a morbidly acute conscience, Mr. Merwyn, to return a book on a night like this.' ? My conscience certainly is very trouble* some. . Almost before she was aware of it the trite ?aying slipped out, ' Honest confession is good for the «oul.' 'To some souls it is denied, MissVoi burgh/ and there was a traoe of bitterness in his cones. Then, with resolute prompt ness, he resamod their usual impersonal Conversation. While they talked, the desire to penetrate bis secret grew strong upon tbe young girl. It was almost certain that they would not be interrupted, and Ibis know ledge led hsr to yield to her mood. Sho felt a strange relenting towards him, A woman to her fingertips, she could not con stantly face this embodied mystery without an increasing desire to solve it. Gold curiosity, however, was not the chief inspira tion of her impulse. The youth who sat on , the opposite side of the glowing grate had grown. old by months as if they were years. His seoret was evidently not only a restraint, but a wearing burden. By leading her. . companion to reveal so much of bis trotble an would give opportunity for her womanly ministry, might she not, in a degree yet unequalled, carry out her scheme of life to make the ' most and best of those over whom ahe had influence V ? Many brood over an infirmity, a fault, or an obligation till they grow morbid,' she thought. 'I might not be able to show him i what was best and right, but papa could if we only knew.' Therefore her words and tones were kinder than usual, and she made slight and delicate rafcreness to herself, that he might be led to speak of himsolf. At last she hit upon domestie affairs as a safe, natural ground of approach, and gave a humorous account of some of her recent efforts to learn 'the mysteries of housekeeping, and she did not fail to obiervebis wistful and deeply- interested .expression. ' (Suddenly, as if it were the most natural thing in the world, she remarked : ' J do not see how yon manage to keep house in ( that great, empty mansion of yours.' ' You know, then, where I live V 4 Oh, yes. I saw you descend the steps of a house on Madison Avenue one morning last fall, and supposed it was yonr home.' ' You were undoubtedly right, lean tell you just how I manage, or rather, how every thing is managed, for I have little to do with the matter. An old family servant looks everything and Jpro . Tides mn with my meals. She makes out my daily menu according to ber ' own will,' which is ' aweet ' if not crossed.' . - Indeed ! Are you so indifferent ? jl thought men gave much attention to their dinners.' i ? I do to mine, after it is provided. Were ' I fastidious, old Oyntby would give me no cause for complaint. Then I have a man who looks after the fires and the horaei, etc. I am too good a republican to keep a valet. So you iee tbat my domestio arrangements are simple in the extreme.' ; 'And do those two poople constitute your whole household ?' she asked, wondering'at a . frankness wbioh seemed complete, \ 'Yes. The ghosts and I have tbe house practically to ourselves most of tbe time.' : ?Are there ghosts?' she asked, laughing, but with cheeks tbat began to burn in her kindling interott. : ' There are ghosts in every house where people have lived and died ; tbat is, if you knew and oared for tbe people. My father is ?with me very often !' ; 4 Mr. Merwyn, 1 don't understand yon I' she exolaimed, without trying to disguise her astonishment. The conversation was so utterly unlike anything that had occurred between them before that she wondered whither it wan leading. ? I fear you are growing morbid,' she added. ' I hope not. Nor will you think so when I explain. Of courte nothing like gross .- auperstition is in my mind. I remember my father very well, and have hearJ much about bim since he died. Therefore be has become to me a distinct presence which I can summon at will. The same is true of others with whom the apartments are associated. If J wish I can summon them.' ' I am at a Iobs to know whioh is tbe ? greater, your will or your imagination.' ^ ' My imagination is the gretitcr.' t ?' It mnst be great indeed,' she said, smiling alluringly , ' for I never knew of one who seemed more untrammelled in circumstances than yon are, or more under the dominion of bis own will.' N ' Untrammelled I' he repeated, in a law, almost desperate tone. 1 Yes,' she replied, warmly — ' free to carry out every generous and noble impulse of man hood. I tell jou frankly that yon have led i m\i? bdiave that you have bucq impulses.' v His face became ashen in its tiew, and he ; trembled visibly. He seemed about to speak .. Home words as ii thoy were wrung from him, i v then be became alniont rigid in his nelfcon \% «rol as he said, 'There are limitation! of ? f which you oauuot dream ;' and he introduced la * t0P'° WD0'y r°m--te Irom himsolf. W A chill benumbed her very heart, and buo i aoaroaly sought to prevent it from tingeing 1 bar,. words and manner. A few moments later the postman left a letter. She saw Lane's handwriting and said, ' Will you pardon me a moment, that I rosy learn that py friend is well ?' Tpj be continued. 