THE WEEK. Aro the forecasts of ooming legislation to bo reoeived asROiiuine emanations given upon Ministerial authority, or as ounningly ooncoived predictions of the possibilities of the situation ? They aro capable of either interpretation, and fhn fcpitfch will'iifobithlv lift fmiiitl to bio f>nmo« < whero between tbo two. AVitli nearly .three weeks to elapse before Parliament re-assembles, Ministers are not likely to lie perfeotly ostidid | respecting their- policy," even if "they; have' yet , attained to the definite purpose of devising a sottled programme. Tlio Promior is' too prac- ; tlsoil in the devious' Ways of politics to invito the "j blaze of oriticism beforo the lists are set. Novor- 1 theloss he would not bo avorse to gauging the | ourronts of publio' opinion by the familiar, method of sending out air balloons in the shape . of suggestions and pregnant hints, whioh may bo disavowed if they are found not to suit. The oult: of tho "jump ing oat" has no mora devoted adherent than Mr. Patterson, who recognises that oppor tunism is an essential prinoiplo of prnotioal politics. .With every allowance in' this direction, however, there ie onougb in the provision offered of the probable work of tiro session to : justify serious consideration. Thorn are Bubjccts whioh must.be dealt with, and whioh also must bo treated on line's whlbli it is not difficult' to foretell! It is quite : safe for oxample : to venture' on tiie prediction tliat Ministers will make some endoavor to realise tbo hopes held but to farmers iu the direatlon of ohoap monoy and a concession in the railway ratas on agricultural produce. Tho utllisiiigthe publio credit for tho purpose ofrelioviug farmers .from tbe 'beavy burden of interest they lire called upoui- to. pay under existing con ditions in a : ' proposal .whioh tlio Trea- : surer i in bound' to put into shapo. With, due ipreoaution as to security, thure is amplo reason to bolieve from the experience of other countries that a system of this kind can nasist to promote tbo revival of prosperity. Tbo question of reducing railway rates is a matter upon whioh Parliament is entitled to express its opinion, but tho issue is one to be determined on the ground of poliey. With every disposition to aid the , agri cultural interest, it oannot bo forgotten that the demands. for wholesale reductions put forward in some quarters .would involvo the railwiiy : revenue in such enormous.' loss as to dangerously cripple the finano'es of the country.' Tlio Treasurer lies his hands .full already; and oan.havo no. desire to grapple with a doubled deficit. Retrenchment, railway extension "on a moderate basis and the mare equitablo dlstribu- tion of responsibility for .the maintenance of obaritable- institntions- are points wbioh oannot' bo absent from any 'Ministerial, programme. 'It is in the dotails and not in the general nature of their proposals that Mmisters will find the1 clitnax of tbeir troubles. . .. ' " . Mr. Carter will hardly bo able to aftirm with Iiis New South AValos oolloaguo that' the finanoial position of the eolbny is vory satisfac tory.. The jubilation of Mr. See- seems' to be principally attributable: to tho faot'that-the local loans issued indlie shape of funded stock have obviated any immediate necessity for borrow ing. An - inorease- of: indebtedness: - whether looal or : foreign: is not ' now ; accounted ocsasion :: Tor. : congratulation, and Mr. Carter may: have no need -in this respeot'to east onvions eyes across the border. Tho position of a Treasurer faoed with a ' 'continuous 'dedeit whioh,: like an unwillitig ghost, refuses to be laid by'any prooess of exorcism' at his'oo'mm'and is notone to be" enjoyed. The Baiignine oonfidenco with whioh Mr. Carter made 'bis estimates about a twoivomonth ago has not been' justi fied by. results..'. He - was -told at- the time, that ho was too hopeful: in 'disposition and was inaliiied to underrate the'sbv'erity with' whioh tho depression' affected all brandies of industrial enterprise, but.' ho was not willing to accept the warning.. Experience, however, has affirmed the lesson. Tliercbeiptsfbr 10 months of tlio yenr prove1 beyond tho' possibility of' evasion that a deficit is uot-to be ; avoided, and. that ' the expectation with- ; which the ' Government entered ' offiooj that re venue and' expenditure ' would be' balanced by the aid of "vigorous retrenchment, lins not been carried out. For the- period already elapsed the. shrinkage in the estimated recoipts is £579,000, and though this disorspanoy, large- asit is, is below, the previous year's record, this I magnitude of tho difforenoe completely sweeps | away any hope of financial ' equilibrium being ! restored. Only in the territorial revenue is there any increase of revenue, the gentlo pressure applied to selectors in a position to pay np arrears, not having been- altogether without some tangible return. In all other rospoots, and eapeoinily in regard to the Customs and Railways, have the sonroes of revenuo shown a contraction. People are finding it necessary 1 to restrict their, wants; and have astonished, and '.it may bo added disappointed,' the Treasurer by I the sternness of their eoo'uomy. On the Railways tho inevitable shrinkage, -.of roceipts continues, -.and, -but for .the stringent curtailment of extravagant expenditure that has taken place,' the Treasurer when called upon to make up tho ..amount required for tho payment of interest would find himself awkwardly placed. Even as it is, there is no escape from a eonsidorabie dofioit at the end of June. The -legnoy .of defioieney has been lossoned; but will be . wiped out only by the revival of trade. I ' ' i Commercial procedure under the influence of boom mania does not bear well tho test' of subse quent reriowal. Some Beathing examples of judicial commentary have recently' been given, and it must be oandidly admitted, not without ample oause. The duties of diroetors lmve never been very closely defined, and are liable to various methods of interpretation, but ho one will venture to deny that shareholders have, strong ocoasion' for grievahoa when they dis cover that no small proportion of the losses whioh have brought ruin in tlioir train are trace able to extravagant advanoes made to tho directors themselves. The system of mntnal accommodation concisely described and trench antly condemned by Mr. Justice Holroyd whore direotors eit in judgment on the desirability of advancing loans to eaah other or in determining tho sufiioienoy of securities may ho pleasant enough for those under the shower whilo the good time lasts, hut must bo vicwod with different eyes by those who discover that the loans in many instances have been pnreiy speculative, and the securities utterly insnffioiont and worthless. It is pos sible, no doubt; that at tho time these advanoes were orginally made, the 'sanguine impressions which had invaded bank parlors, e'vpn those .of -the most conservative and cautious institutions, hail oiouded tho jmlgmont, but there' is some thing radically wrong in asking those who are oxpeoting to roooivo a similar advantage to | determine the question of finanoial value. The 1 elaborate review which Mr. Jnsticc.Holroyd has ' given of tlio affairs of tho Federal Bank makes melnheholy reading. How men of. business, having tire reputation of aoutorieas and .integrity, could have noted in the manner herejn prcsonted is only to be explained by , tho know ledge that there are moral epidomios aifeoting the mind as thero are physloal ca.usos of con tagion which injure the body. Only, on;the pl'sa that they had 'eaten of the insane root wliiili makes the reason prisoner, could hundreds of pooplo justify or oxplain their conduct during this period of exaggerated' oxeitcfnbnt." : "The awakoning is hitter, .'arid- we need not wonder that a, severe estimate is taken of past folly by' those who' wove, themselves' no '.wiser -'nt the: time. 'In finanoial matters, ns.well as political, tlio caustic ssying of tiie Swedish statesman will apply,;"Beli'old, my son, with how little-wisdom tho world Is governed." ' There Is reason, by tho bye, for ooinc surpi Iso at the decision' df the court that tlio liquidator should pay tlin oosts of defending : the position to which lie' liad been .appointed at the instance of the shareholders. themselves. "Whatever oooasion there may have been for challenging his action, it could not be expected that he would abandon without con test the trust ropased in his hands. The judicial consideration whioh allowe him to retain a par- tial possession of the post for half: a year at half salary is greatly minimised by imposing npon him onBts he was powerless, -to avoid, and whioh may bo expected on a modorate computa tion to mop up mors than he will ; be entitled to receive for future services Tho railwiiy department has, in . tbo past, rendered itself notorious, for furnishing a looal adaptation, of a well known nursery rhyme. Endless varioty has been shown, in He rniations, on the familiar, theme of "That's tlio way the monoy goes." One of the most, ecccntrio of its diversions in this direction ie illustrated by the rivalry entered into with the Harbor Trust in tho costly prooess of useless dock construe- tiori. The. long - neglcoted . West Molboiirno swamp has, under this dual arrangement, gone through a wonderful phase of trarisforriia- tiori. Au onormous exoavation in one corner has cost same hundred of thousands of pounds, arid though' now filled with water and lined with wharfiug, fulfils no other purpose of a dock than is supplied by'thc name of the thing.. Perhaps in tlio evolution of time, when another boom period has brought again tlio exaggerated' appearnnoe of prosperity to our shores, there may. be somede- mand made upon this additional accommodation for shipping, but under present oiraumstances an air of decrepitude has already. crept over an ; undertaking whioh has never yet been turned' to - . profHablo account. The Railway ' department has not ventured on similar extravagance of outlay, but the opportunity rather than the . will Becnis to have been wanting. Fired by a spirit of ctriulation, the department determined to liavo a coal (lock, of its own, and in another portion of the swamp there, "is ' to ha seen " tho '' melancholy .ovidoiice of the works intended to realiso this objeot. What necessity existed to justify this ridioulons attempt to convert North Melbourne into a seaport !b not easy to discover. It is pleaded that the Harbor Trust exercised presence to make the railways provide for their own ac commodation, believing that the wharfage occu pied for this purpose hitherto might be eon- verted to more payable use. A demand mads by one branch of the State service upon another might have been resisted without difficulty :on evidence being given that' the- alteration would involve excessive cost. i-Bnt oven if the siir- rcridor weio unavoidable tho railway ' require ments could have been met without a reckless waste of money. The white elephant of the Harbor Trust might equally well have been used for landing the coal direot npon the lines as by building a 'special dock for this particu lar-purpose. The cruellest the most unkindest eat of all, however, ie found in the grimly satirical foot that tho dock, now that it haa been mado, eannot bo utilised except by vessels of the. riiallest dimensions. Tho only uso to which an expenditnre of nearly £100,000 ban beoonverted is to allow a small lighter of coal occasionally to be landed for the Corporation desiccator. The plensant jewel discoverable in the pre sent experience of adversity is the. inoreasirig attention whioh is being given to the develop ment of the prodiiotive resouroos of tlio country. In no direotion is this more notioeable than .in the renewed energy shown -in the soaroh for anriforons and other mineral sources of wealth. When speculative enterprise was at its maxi mum the mining industry suffered neglect, but now that the ahilliug influenoe of depression has sobered the imagination, there is a tendsnoy to acknowledge that the surest foundation of pros perity lies in utilising the means whioh are olose at hand. One great inoentive to gold mining is, that untikeother products of industry, tho fruits of. labor in this instanee aro not lessened by any depreciation of value. The pur chasing power of the preaious metalliassa largely increased that smaller results will now give an equal reward to tbo'highor returns of years ago. Nor is this tho only occasion for hopeful en- oourageinent. Under the improved; conditions of mining, ground abandoned as . unpayablo in the past oau now be made to yield a profit. The problem of tho extraotion.of gold from the ore yet awaits its final solution, but .new applianoes and new processos are bringing the difficulty nearer to settlement, and arc diminishing the quantity of fine gold regarded as irrecoverable. The Cyanide prooess now being tried in South Australia, under Oovcrnmentsnpervision, is bsing worked with tho promise of suaooss, and if theso anticipations are realised; numerous 'reefs con taining gold ee fine as not to pay for working by the ordinary treatmont of the stone will' bo mado to yield their ' treasure.1 A "gold saving maohlno invented in Now South Wales' has' aiso reoeived high commendation from" ' those' ' who should- bo ablo,; to speak with ' knowledge of tho advantages it off era. From an apparently useless heap of tailings the maohirio extracted results whieh would prove that iu the heap ' of refuse a sourrie of considerable value still remained. On some of the old gold fields there are ' millions of tons of tailings whioh may yet be mnde to furnish payable results. With improved methods of working, the field for the employment af labor in the mining in dustry will be Indefinitely onlarged. Old mines can-he reopened; and' lodes hitherto neglected turned' -toprofitahlo -account. > Alluvial1 mining lias also been given a 'renewal' of-: life by the- diversion'of energy into" this- ohannel", and the labbrs o'f those who are try ing this means of earn ing' n: livelihood - are-j not unrewarded. The .quantity of gold' won last year-lit materia' wan higher than iif any equal ;'pe'riud since ,1885, and next year, we' may trust 'rrith soma degree of confi'denoe 'that the similar record' will be again ' 'cxceedad. ' t ' .' -. s : i. ."cltisi'hot'astonishihghttak.'iomei'oselfaneitt' should liave heon oooasloried' nt Dnyles'ford by the procesa ot wholesat6;jumpiiig ' whloh has boon attempted: 'thereid -Thir discovery of pro mising workings in negleoted: gullies which boa rewarded tho. enterprise and-persororancc of tho' . prospcoturs has noted as. ta natural indiieemeut i to othero to take up likely ground in the vicinity. As is usual u'ndor suoli oironmstanoos, tlio effort lias bceii' niailo to s'eoiir'o possession of ' ' extensive areas on lease' principally for tho pnr- poso of promoting speculative companies wbioli mny be foisted off . on an unwary and over sanguine pnblio. Very rightly tho Mining Department lias -indicated that it will, givo no \- encouragement to schemes of this kind, and tbat core will bo taken both by tho rcduotion of tlio area of tbo lease, and by strin gent iiiiistanco on tho labor conditions tbat tho praotioo of shepherding is discredited. This announcement apponrs to lmive boon aoceptcd as a hint that no 'application for leases would bo ohtcrlaincd, and tliat tlio ground already taken up was liable to bo jumped. The would bo astuteness displayed in this direction, nnd which even wont so far as to peg out right up to tlio workings where the rich gold has been obtained, has overshot tho mark. Tbo jumpers might havo saved themselves both the trouble nnd tho obloquy had they made themselves ncqnnintcd with tho actual tenor of recent legis- lation ou tho subjoot. Under the old mining law there was some reason for tho belief that a lease might bo legally jumped for any inform ality or infraction of conditions, ovon though tho caso was still awaiting final determination by the warden... There is a decision on record by so eminent n judicial authority as tho late Mr. J us- tico Molosworth to this offeot, but the conse quence of this opening of a flood gate to litiga- ' tion was that Parliament intervened. By an amending act passed in 1892 it is clearly laid down that during tlio pendency of a loaio tho ground so marked out cannot bo jumped by any one holding a miner's right. The definite re fusal of the looso must be given bofore the land s again availahlo. The energy of appropriation exhibited at Daylosford is, therefore, altogothor misplaced. Tho Mining department has it in its power to provide for tho development of tho field in a fair and legitimato manner, and it is to bo hoped that this result will be accom plished.' The " jumping " clement is also oxtensivoly in . evidence at Ooolgardio. Its presence is not an unmixed evil, for it oots as a oheok on tho ten dency to shepherding, which is always mani fested in connection with mining onterprises of a speculative oharaotcr. If it were not for tho dread of forfeiture mcny of tho losses taken up in distant fields would not bo worked at all until th'e character of tbo ground had been proved by more energetia companies. Especially would this be the case under conditions such as exist in Coolgardie, where the cost of lahor, the expense of living, the difficulties of transport and the absenoa of mining machinery ore accepted as so many reasons for delay. The non-fulfilment of number of miners congregated on tho field who can find, no opportunity for romunorativo employ ment. It is also to tho interest of the Stato that tho lease shall be genuinely worked, and not simply retained in the prospcot of subse quent development. On the other hand, if capital is to be attracted to tho field, the scoiirity of tenure on the basis of which invest ments are mads mUBt nut be lightly imperilled. Those who have put money into Coolgardie ' reefs must view with horror and alarm tho pos sibilities of absolute loss arising from tho en couragement given to jumping operations. It is ' stated that one of the principal leases held by a ' prospecting syndicate has beon re aommonded for ' forfeiture on the simple plea that tho leaso was idle for three oonseoutivo days, and this despite the fact that ample proof could be : given of tho bond fftfcs of tho syndicate. Numerous other blocks for which hundreds, and, in soma cases, thousands, of pounds have been paid havo been simi larly jumped for the alleged non-futfilmsnt of labor conditions. Having regard to the dilfi- \- oultios attending tlio carrying on of mining operations at Coolgardio under present oirouin- ' stances the liability to forfeiture will not as a ' serious dotcrront to outside investment. Very -' muoii must depend on the judieioiis administra tion of tho latv by tho warden. While specula- " tiyo holding is an evil tho' encouragement of ' systomatio jumping will interfere even more witli ' the ohanoes of permanent progress. The risks of mining are quito great enough without adding artifioial impediments of an unnecosaary kind. Geographically Australia may he said to have surrendered most of her secrets, but ample , soopo is still remnining for the work of scientific exploration. . Tho expedition fitted out through the' munificcnoo of Mr. W. A. Horn for the . examination of the Macdonnell ranges will find in many reapeots a virgin field for inquiry. Tlio . mountain chain whioh marks the oontre of the : continent will present an attractive opportunity , for soiontifio investigation. Sinco their dis- . covcry by john M'Douall Stuart in bis overland journey to the north years ago, those remarkable : ranges havo been visited by other exploring parties, who havo measured, so to speak, tlieir .height and their extent, and have beon able to describe the principal natural features of tlio region. Situated almost exootly midway between the north and south eoa coasts, they are mora olevatod than any : other portion of Australia with the exoeption of the Australiau Alps. Mr. C. A. Winnioke, who aaaompanieo tho present expedition In the . oapaoity of leader, and who has previous know ledge of the country, points out that the Macdonnell and other oonneoting ranges in this looality have redoemed the oentre of Australia from being a thorough wilderness. Without them no lorgo rivers or crocks could possibly : have been formed in ouch a porous and sandy country, nor would the supply of artesian water havo been so abundant in tbo Lake Eyre . basin. Not only, therefore, is the region of special interest, but the work of exploration is being oarried out under unique conditions. At Mr. Horn's invitation trained experts in variouB brandies of sciontifio research havo joined in the undertaking, and tho results of thoir labors ought to yield a valuable addition to our know ledge of Australian surroundings, Tbo objoots to bo kept in viotr oover not only the soientifio , > examination of the country from Oodnadattn to the Maodonnell Ranges, but the oolleotion of epcoimons 'illustrative of tho fauna, flora and goologieal structure and mineralogioal resonrocs of that region and tho illustration by photography of any remarkable natural features of , tho. country traversed. Nor will the olianoo be lost to study, as far as opportunity may offer, tlio oonditions of primi tive aboriginal lifo. Thoro are in tko looality natives still niiinfluenoed by wliito association, and ethnologists will welcome any additional information whioh oan bo scoured. Neither will praotioal considerations bo altogether negleotod. There is reason to bclicvo that tho Maodonnoll Ranges are rioh in minerals, and any indications of this kind will rcoeivo attention. Good wiskos will attend tlio oxpedition, whioh has now started on its advonturous journey. Any information bearing on artesian, wator supply is a matter of publio conoern. The vnluo of those disooverios to the arid distriots of tho iuterior oannot bo over- estimated, and soientifio knowledge may como to tko aid of praotioal ex perience in indioating . how the boon may,, bo turned to the best advantage. Almost every week we hear of new bores boing put down, and in many instanoos of water being successfully struok and allowed ta flow forth from its sub. torranoan reservoirs with lavish waste. Although no immediate result mny follow this want of controlling power, it is evident enough that the supply is by no means inexliauetiblo. Ono of tho most nrgent considerations is to traae the origin of tliie wator in ordor that by ascertain ing the intake somo definite idea may bo gained as to the possibilities' of the out put. Some action is being' taken in this direotion by having proper gauges attnohed to all bores, and having the flow measured and recorded systematically. By data obtained in this manner it is anticipated that the solution of tho problem will ultimately bo found. A report upon arte sian wells in tho Darling River basin has beeu supplied by - tho looal hydraulio engineer, who compares the basin of the Upper Darling to a great sea of alluvial deposits. This sea of alluvium extends far north of tho Queensland border. The alluvial deposits extend up tho river volleys liko eetuarios, and in many cases cover, part of the watersheds. Beneath this sea of alluvium are the hills and valleys of former geological periods. In considering the manner in whioh boring should bo oarried out, eomo praotioal advico is tendered. The importance of obtaining approximately tho level of a site beforo starting an artesian bore' is illustrated by the success whioh has attended efforts whore this precaution liae been takon. Another point insisted on is not putting bores too near one another. With precautions against wasto, a hopeful view is taken of the permanonoy of tho vvuvcdiuu laouifviia u/ una uubtwdbv, truu niau exprcssos the opinion that only a small fraction of tho availahlo artesian supply has yet beeu tapped. An estimate— made, it must be said, on insuffioiont data— has beon offered, whioh places the possible yield in New South Wales as being perhaps 20 timo3 the present output of 41,000,000 gallons per diem, or 820,000,000 gallons daily. Irrigation by artesian water may yet play a great part in agrioultural develop ment, though up to tlie present tho bsnefits of tlio discovery are chiefly appreciated by the pastoral interest. An additional objeotion to the proximity of Frenoh ponal stations to our shores is furnished by the decision whioh tlie Sydney judges havo reluotantly beon compolled to alfirra. An escaped prisoner from New Caledonia, rearrested in New South Wales, has invoked tho protection of British law by appeal on a writ of habeas corpus. Tkoground upon which ho sought to establish ilia claim was ono of an unusual though not of nn unprecedented ebaraoter. Admittedly convicted in France of a criminal offence and sentenced to transportation to tho South Sea penal settle ment, he was able on again touohiug British soil to.' revive his originnl nationality. Having been lorn in England of English parentage Ills right of pretest against extradition has been upheld. Under tho provisions of the treaty between Great Britain and France, it is laid down that native born or naturalised subjects of either country are excepted from extradition. It seems somo- what of an anomaly that a man may bo con victed of a crime in a foreign eountry, may be transported to a foreign ponal settlomont, and yet if ho makes his osoapo to a land under his own flag, ho cannot be returnod. Suoh, how ever, is the uttoranoo of jiidioial judgment. The British courts havo upheld tlio principlo that tho operations of tho Extradition Act is limited by the forms of tbo treaty. The late Chief Justice Cockburn, in delivering his decidon on a similar caso, stated that this blot upon the law ought to be removed, eo ae to prevent on Englishman who eommits an offenoo in a foreign country from escaping with impunity, Despito this protest tho law still remains un altered, and tlie New South Wales benoli, with equal unwillingness, lias been forced to assont to tlio statemont that if a British born subjoot bo oonvicted of an offenoo and transported to New Caledonia, he oannot ho remittod back to his former custody if lie escapes to a British colony. As pointed out by Mr. Justioo Windeyer, it is highly desirable that the Imperial authorities should havo thoir attention drawn to tlio ex pediency of amending tho treaty in the direotion auggested by Chief Justice Oookburn. With a penal settlement in our vicinity, we can have no wish even for tho maintenanoe of tho glory of tho British nationality to open out new avenues of csoape for a class of objeotionabio visitors. In an interval of political quietude, Disraeli, upon ono occasion, oallod attention by a happy wittioism to the importanoo of sanitary legis lation. The health of tho people is, however, ono of thoeo questions whioh, under ordinary oonditions, is treatod with ignorant negligenoo. Tho evidence of this foot is everywhere apparent, nor do wo need to go far afield for illustrations. The contamination of the water supply, tlie negleot of drainage, tho abssnos of effioient inspection, bring in their train as a natural eon- scQuenoo the danger of typhoid and other di soascs of a preventable chnraotcr. Offioial In- eptitudcieonly parallelled by public indiffoience, and ovon where eomo disposition to energy is shown by sanitary authorities their reforming efforts moot with inadequate aupport. In a recent address bofore tho Royal Sooloty in Sydney Frofcssor Anderson Stuart had somo interesting observations to offor upon this subject. Ho was able to point out that in tho wholo rcoord of tho colony's legislation there wore not more than 13 aots providing for tho promotion of health, and many of these so anti quated in . thoir provisions as to be - altogothor nnsuitod to existing oonditions. - Tho reaent out break of diphtlioria ntCowra nnd of. typhoid at Abordoen, whore numerous deaths wore the ponalty for neglect, might have boen avoided or minimised if tlio nooessary powers bad boon given for . onforoing isolation and disinfoetion. The rapid spread of epidemios is Nature's answor to tho ignoring of tho requirements of safoty. In Sydney last yoar within tho metro politan area, there wero 2000 persons attacked by soarlot fever and 10,000 by measles, a record whioh might liave beon largely roduced kad thora been proper methods for doal- ing with infeotioun disossos. In the disposal of sewage Sydney is iu advnnce of Melbourne, and its experience givos assurance that the methods uow in prooesi of adoption will answor equally woll here. At tho Botany Sowago Farm, aooord- ing to tlio latest figures, each acre in use dis poses in a perfectly satisfactory manner of tbo sowago from 1024 persons, and is qapable of dealing with that from a vory muolt larger number. Thoro is no' reason to fsar'deleterious results' from sowago farming, for on analysis tho uppermost layers of the soil at tho Botany farm show an increase in the amount of organio matter aftor five y oars' continuous uso of only .02 per cent.,: The AVorribeo qxperimont ought to turn out to, similar advantage. Tho tentatlvo approval which, the Imperial Legislature has given to the eight hours prin ciple has undoubtedly beon largely influencod. by the successful result of the working of the system in. tho colonies.. Here this subdivision of the day into equal periods for labor, recrea tion and rest has booomo firmly OBtablished without the operation of .law, and no good reason has ever boon found for challenging tho outcome. Experiments in tho Baino direotion have been made by manufacturing firms in England, nnd .oxperienco lias so . far ; justified the trial that enoouragement is given to porso- vere. At tho Salford Ironworks, Manchester, an industrial enterpriso of considerable magni tude, giving employment to 1200 peoplo, a year's test lias boon inndo of tbo 48 hours' week. The scheme was not tried under the most favorable oonditions, for thoporiod was uuo ul gtmurtu iruuu uQrcisiuue iuvei iuuicsa neither masters nor men hnve any valid oauso for disappointment. The scheme was formally ar ranged with tlie'ohiof oifiainls of tho Amalgamated Sooiely of Engineors, tlio groat trade union of tho engineering and machino making trades of tho United Kingdom. It was stipulated that while the experiment wob in progress no genoral pressure should be brought upon other employers of labor. The working hours wero reduced from S3 per wcolc to 48, the net working hours boing bight and three- quarters on five days in tho week to allow for a Saturday half holiday. No reduction was made in tlie wbgo shoot, but an appeal was made to the good fooling of tlio work men that thoy should mnlco somo compensation for the shorter hours by greatbr punctuality and iuoreased energy. This confidence was not inispiaoed. Comparing the results of. tho past year, under tho short hours, with those of the previous six years, when tlie hours were 10 per cent, longer, it was found that the turnover was praoticaily the same. Tho average of wages exhibited a very slight increase, but this was counterbalanced by a marked economy in gas and eloctrlo lighting, in wear and ta'ar of machinery and in other items which go to increase tho cost of production. Tlio conclusion of. tho employors is ontiroly favorable to tlio ohango of system. The offeot of long hours on the work people ia rightly dosoribod aa damag ing both physically, and mentally,; and the practice of working overtime, oxoept on rare occasions of emergency, ie condemned as a delusion on tho part of work poople and omployers alike. "Of this I am assured," says the senior partner, " that the most economical production is obtnined by employing men only so long as thoy are at their best. W'licn this stage is passed thero is no truo economy in thoir oontinueil work." Tlio universal adoption of the Salford system in English industries by mutunl arrangement, if not by law, is ouly a question of time. 