.AN.AUSTRALIAN STORY I COrraJOUaoT.j WHO IS HE? OR The Indian Mahatma in Australia, AN AUSTRALIAN STORY OF TItE Natural & Supernatural, nY KEX.STI. IDALIJLTON M..D., 11t..C.S. CHIAPTERl XXII.-(CovsrTeUD.). " No, Miss Marsdeln; tie concerns of the 2ity do not seemL tb belong to mo in any way -and yet I remember now I did honr Sir Samuel Moses ask our friend, Lumsdon, if the oily was not likely to have an enrthquako soon, but Lumsdon Inughlcd long and loud, so I suppose it was only a joke. But somo one calls. I must go. Good-night, Edith, kind . lit'-11 ltllo frlind--youhaveo oiven mon now onqrgy a, nd thougisl to-night." "I did not hoar anyone call." "No I there it is ggain-'tls tlhat maon, the master of my life. I must go-I must go!" Apparently quite oblivious of Edith or ball-room or anything, with a sudden, half. stupid look, Darton turned and went swiftly, with the air of n somnamtbultit, out at thio open door uand over the smooth lawn into tih quivering moonlit night. "George! Georgo, my darling! What is t P You--so strong, so able a man I What is tiss mystbry? Alas I thlt you ovor ohould ]avo rescued me from a sloep that at least could not have had this yearning pain in it nnd yet I. cannot wish I ihad never known you; but otto thing remaine-I must t bear, ns otlhers have done, and wait. Love oan do )no hanr, but by its unsolflis dosire for tihe supreeno good of the loved one will surely tdraw down blemsings and bo a guard from lthit evil intlitonc wnhatever it may be." Wait and bear patiently and silently, then, Edith Marsdos--n t lenst your own heart will gain in courlgo and streigth, land your eymlpathy with olthrs who suilfer will doepen and strengthenl ; so you sliall bo of sttrong hoart, a noble, utlnsllish, if a. lonely wosmanl boetring others burdonsh because of tlhe strengtll that ians come of sorrow anid silont bearing of your own. Many it lonely womllnl Shas so lived, and will so live whlile the old earlh turns round. , CHAPTER XXIII. THIE BAF nIODEIRY. Halinm Haki, or whatever wh is ls nameo, and DBrton, or whatever was his Inameo, had loft their old domicile in Littlo Bourko street. larton never know iwhether Ihs involuntnry introduction to lVo Wallaces pleased or dis pleased his companion and mastor. Tih In dian was insoruttableo-nt any rate he mado thio bst of the inovitable and nover grumbled against fortune no matter what prankssho played him. Thi relationship botweon the t wo mno was unchalngd. Thoe Saxon suln mintted to thei awful will-force of the adopt. 6 s eemold as if tie enstolin magician played , th hii as tlio cat pliay witl thle monseo, j S ' !i"i in'' ln:ntal latittudo for Athino only.to' I: vthdraw the liconsto agains t If from.moro himn. lo played on tllmann as the skilled , ma..' : sioian plays on the srringed instrument, or rather as the export horsoemn controls the tnottled stood, at one timo allowing him to paco and oaso and at another pressing homo the sharp spurs into his rooking flanks. Barton was right whlen ho told Miss M3nrsden that he could not distinguish Ilis ono self from his other self. isi two oxistences were almost as distinot as if thore were two bodies and two souls. Iut Halinm had not quito deserted Little Bourko street. That thoarughfare possesses n population saj generts. In its dons may bo S found the besotted Chinese, the savage Afghan, tll stealthy Malay, mingling with the equally savage scourings of a British city. Perhaps tlho detectivo seeking lis prey in these squalid purlions, or the sturdy policeo manwnlkingo arofully up the narrow roadway know something of thl Indian's dark and mystorious house, but they had alwnys enough business on liand to provent them snaking incursions into regions which might not turn out profitable, and theo houso was loft soveroly alono. Tho only one seeo in conncotion witl the place was a fierce Bon. galoo, who looked as if " Tlhuggism " was liis creed and its practice his forte. In the same room thoro in Little Bourko streot in which wo saw domiciled our mysterl. one acquaintances, we can sco the same two men seated again as they then were. " Bar ton's" eyes lhad the same far-away look in Sthem as wo noticed thon,ald hliolid ovidently returned from ono of those mysterious jour neys in spirit land, on whiolh he travelled obodient to the will of his companion. "The timo has come," said the Indian, "wheonwo must make our first attempt. I am suro you will be ready." . "Yes," said Barton; " I am ready, but I do not understand your alms. There is something in me that robols against it all, and yot I cannot force myself froo. You overpower me. I fool opprossod hero and thoro," striking his head and heart. "I , . ow you are hurrying mo intosome Infernal Swickedness or another. I know you have had no in tho past by some infernal wlokedness, ., an; ,d yot I can do nothing. Ourse you!!!.ho .' continued, "I don't know what keeps my S hands from your throat, you villain, to S -throttle you, to squeezo your lifo out of'your mulsorablo carcass bit by bit." Ho had suddenly roached thle stngo of furious rage, atnd heo rose up and strode over to the Indian, who reomaineod calm and car loss. I "Soo," Barton wont on, "tlhat arm-look at that lclost. Why, man, I could crush the little insignificant lifo out of you boforo onohowl of fear could pierco theso walls." I "IHusl," said tho Indian, calmly and authlcorilttlvoly, and tlhe man uttered not an ather word. "Liston. To-nlghlt our first attempt hlas to be made, and theore munst bo no failro. Thi objeoot is to chookmlate wiokednoss, as you puritansioal Entglals call it, and two old friends of yours, 'errln nsd Simpson, will thank you wellhereafter. WVhy I sholtld istlorest myself isloust thae I can ' hardly uindorstantd, and I don't thinkl it oomes froms weakness-- ndi the splotkeor smiledl S*Now, what I wantl dono I can explain in a very short timo. You know whoro tho Ihoreo and rart aro P" : " o ' "Yes ,", S"Voery well, you hmust have thI cart and ihors on the crossing of the St. Kihil nntl .Danomian Roatds ait ]hal-past oleven to-nighlt, Yotu mIntot isot wait for Imco blulcntllltcnuo walk. i"ng up thel road. I shall bu there and follow y. : ?Om nul after you reach Flilnders streot I'll got on the cart and take tlhe ruins. ])o not lotlano anytllhing, lint simply do as I tell you -you understandtl." "Yesl Illldorstatnld" "It Ia nsow nince o'olock and. you iusit nltrt nt once. You tnust put on thle dros I provldud for you. leinoitboer Int all this you Lavo nothing to fear no matter what may liimppcn I assure you of thatt and I also nassuro you that whatever will bo doon to-night will injuro those who deserve injury, and mnny do good to those who deserve it. That is an ethical problem for you when it is stated by me. Now go, and remember what I have said." About half- past cleven a waggon was driven at tho usual easy palc up the St. Kilda Road. Tho driver looked as listless ns the genlleman of his profession as a general rule do. The big horso jogged along at his unse, taking overylling as it camo with the indif foratce of custom. Soon wero seon the long array of lights which illluninto'nt Princo's Bridge, stretching out into the coip:arative darkness of tlh city beyonod. IHere nd there the tall, shadowy Ibildings and nl ocenaiosnil lofty tower received the ghost-like roseco tion of a street luap nid stood outliku frceco work front tie backlground of a lenden sky. The policeman oin Iis oolitary bent along the bridge wntclihed with lazy indifferenco the hugo horse nod cart na they rolled past and waked the echoos of the silont strect with hollow rumbling. HIe was oven inelined to relievo the monotony of lls vigil by diluting the driver. WVhat a condescension of the spcc. nnd span constable to unofllnial mor tality-but he seemnod half asleep on his perch and the constable thought no more about it. Opposite. the fish- mnrkot a now arrival sprang to the perch besidu the driver not stopping the lumbering waggon which thun dered up "linders street without attracting a glanco from a passer-by or oven the alert policeman on his boat.. Soon it reahied the more rotired stroets, where in th0 stirrinb hours of day tlio merchant princes of tlh "Queen City of the South" nro won't to congregate. Tio great black houses wore now unoucupied and in darkness, save where in the basements hero and there or in the attics a little light gleamed from the onacr tlined window whero tile watchman kept nightly gunrd. Tho cart lumbered away and flnally turned into the narrow street at the roar of William street and up one of the right-of-ways leading to the back promises of the building in which were situated the offilos of Sir William Wal lace. Tih cart was backed with the greatest coolness as oloso as possible to the wall and the two men descended. At a touch the gato was opened, and one of the men, who seenied to havo the power of noolng I tlho dark, entered the back yard witlont hesita tion. "You remain here," ho said ill an orlinary tone to his companion. "I shlall call for you when I want you." 11 walked up to a window barred with heavy iron, and, soizing one of tll bars, he touchld it itth stomle cmcinlonls which eio took froml his poelot. At once a lnlimbout flano licked the metal and stole rapidly from bot toin to top of the rod, throwing as it spread a fliceliring light o n a magnificent diamond he wore on his finger whichl relected it again in a tlhousand corusentions of overy tint. Thi iron nbsolutely disappeared. It noitlier fuied nor mouldered-it simply resolved it self. Thu nmina with the utmost dexterity out a ciroilnr pieco from the large window pane, and the next moment lie had swung himself into the inner temple of Mammon, the oflico of Sir William. "Might have avoided this troublo but for the chains," he muttered. " Now, I inust sea about the watchnman." IHo scarcely touched the bolted door when it seemed to spring open of its own accord. Tho whole building was In the denso gloom nnd dnrkness of night, but this did not trouble the mysterious visitor. Io i mado his way to the foot of the stairs and calmly walked up, step by stop, until ho reached the attic, whero boncath one of the doors a light liono lshowing that room at least had a tcnnnt,-'rmii door.wna.numddonly.,flung'open and a young man appeared oin the threshold with n revolver in one hand and a heavy life preserver in the other. " Who are you '" ho cried, as thle tranger approached him with calin nuconcern. i' Put up your weapon, friend," Tlio "friend " had presented the revolver straight at his head. " Why should I P" " Becnuse I toll you to do so, and I am ao customed to be obeyed," said the other, and, wonderful to relate, after a monont's hesita tion the deadly weapon was lowered, and the watchman's eyes droopcd'undor thomagnotio gaze of the stranger. " Back to your couch," he said to the man, and obeolont ns a dog he oboyed. Into the little room ito went and throw hiseolf heavily on the mattras in a corner. "Moust givo. the thing nan nppearanco," said the visitor to himself with a mile, as hel proceeded to bind the ian as ho lay with a rope he took from his pockot. The businesso was quickly done, and then he turned to the victim or subject, which you will, and told him not to awake for throo hours and "forget." . Whether the mngnetio sloop is cataleptic or not the man obeyed the orders, and when the mysterious stranger loft the room he loft be hind him a body, to all intents, lifoless and nenselesa. Very doliberately the Indian, for it was he as will be very easily understood, walked down the stairs and returnod to the onilce. IHo at once approached the safe, and, taking the same bottle from his pocket, applied the con tonts all around the look, first taking the pro. caution to keep the notion of the liquid under control. Again the metal yielded and disappeared. The massivo door swung open and Waillaco's treasure was disolosed. The Indian walked to the window and summoned his companion who loisurely npproachod." "Take the boxes I shall give you to the oart and plaoo them insido," said the Inastor. Box after box was convoyed to the window and thence to theo art without the slightest interruption, until thie wholo contente of the safe were removed. Then and only thens the Indian was contented, and ho quickly left the place, drawing down the broken window as heo stood on the window-sill. Barton and he mounted the perch, and theo big horso jogged away at his usual pace though his load was muicl greater than it was before, Aga?in the rumnbling cart broke the colhoes of the deserted street, and again some policeman heard the sound with indif ference and linrdly cast a thought on the lato contingent of tlloe rmiiiy of the night, Next day the columns of the ovening papers were filled with accounts of the most mystorl ouis niind audacious safe robbery, and for a weok or perhaps full nino days the whole journaldom of the colonies was in a frmeont, and the detectives and police forces recoivod the nsarifying they always deserve nnd, poor wrutches, got without mercy. Bnt tle cnrt lihd jogged along thoe Brighton Road until it was near Elrternwick where it halted, and fromn behind a terrace of half bllt lhounseiis Barton led a horse and a light trap. Tlhe contents of tihe cart were quickly transferred, and the two menii took their scat lon the velhicle and thnli drove rapidly away in tilh dirctioln of St. Kilda bench. Two days after John S8mith at tie St. Iltlda Court was fined for allowing this cart nnd horse to wander. lol pleaded guilty to the Iniilinnatlio of "a woo drop too much," and paid his fine liko a man. CIIAPTER XXIV. T'lB OOMM[ieIICIAL CnABIIn Thlor was rare connhlon iin Wallnao'a Toorak mnailon. Lsong ieofora the mustoer of the ostabllshmnont wnas necin'omol to lenvo his bcdroom a hansomn coab had driveni up furiously to ttho door, mnd a man lhad rung theo bll with such startling eCnrgy that tie calm, decorous and obsequious footnien had been so agitated that their powdered locks stood up on end, and the man who had at last rogained sufficient courago to open the door looked as if a recent earthquake had shaken him out of his senses. Without waiting for explanation the mes icreger pushed into the magnificent hall and asked for Sir Williamn. " I imust see him at once cven n his bed room," said he, "and show me tho bedroom quickly." There was no denying him, and ho was led up the staircaos by tho footman who on doavored to impress on tie gentleman thatho would not be responsiblo for disobeying "horders" ill snuch an outrageous mnuner. Sir Willinm opened the door of his dressing ioom and received tho messenger with eovry appearance ot surprise. Thle messerngr was the obsequious secretary. As soon as Sir William saw him hlo hurried liin into the room, leaving tie flunkey bewildered and as wise I oever at the diqur. Five minutes aftor the hell of the dressing-room was also ringing furiously, and tho footmanr, who answered he had not been far front thio door-saw his master fully dressed and in a state of extremo agitation. " If the halnsomn has not gone detain it for five minrutes. If it has gono order Jones to bring out the carriago as quickly as he can got the horses in." Tho footman for once in his lifo made his well-padded limbs do duty inl earnest. Ho rushed down the stairs and flow to the door. Tioliii?aum hid'noltgonei and the drivorwas runlbing down his smoking Ihorso. Two minutes after Wallaco cameo down the stairs with heladlong hasto, and, without a word to the wondering scrvants, ho sprang into the hainsorm followed by his secretary. "For your life, quick I" ie called out to the cabby. "I'll find you a now horse if that one goes under." The cabman know his customer, and leaped to lis box in an instant, and in another in stant the vehicle was swooping down the avenue and out of tile gates into tie road. The horse and driver bravely earnedt te muni flcent faro which the latter received from the secretary when the passengers wore landed at the 1William-street oflico. Thero wero a few loingers about the doors, and the pro miss wore in tlhe chargo of the police. The constables saluted. Tlhe great finncioer was a rman to be honored. VWllaco came ilnto the oficeo and ran at once to the safe. It was as had been ro ported to him. Not an atom of paper; not a coin of tlio realm was there. VWhiat could be dono? Two detectives wero making a errro fil examination of the premises. They saw the void round the place wheor once the obubb used to be. They saw tie greatirclo cut out of the lwindow-pano. E- veryono saw that as well as the officers. But whore wis tile iron bar gone toP Wheore were the ishat tored pioces of tlho safo? They couldn't see tlieso any moro tlhan the loss export on lookora. Wallaco said never a word, but in his brain there was always a dull cholr as if t fiend was whispering, " Done for, done for " in overy key and on every tiUen tllht lie hadovor hoard. Tie full extent of thei disaster only himself could know. lvern the money was only the least of Ills losses. Thero has boon ovidenco in that lhugo safe enough to destroy the highest reputations il Victoria, his among the rest. "Wihat was to be done? Was there ony way out of such ruin P 86nd for Lumsdoni, and atonco." Luinsden came and ~Wallaco maide no oex aggerated display. lesimply pointoed to the safe. I "'All otio," horsaid. Y' ol'ro ma.td bosay sei" crld: theo other.< Wi'llNr .ia " Wllt, all that money gone P" i' Yes, overy stiver." , The two men looked at each other with despair in tlieir eyes. "Then, this is no place for me," said Lnmsdon, getting up and coming round to Wallaco's chair and whlspering to hinm: "I shall pick up the few thoisands I told you of and slope and share with you. It is not muol, but t iwill carry us over to the Paciflo Slope." Wallace smiled. " Well," he replied, " there is lonor among thieves after all. But no I my boy. Got away yourself. ] arnl done for, and shall meet it all. What you do, however, you will havo to do quickly or you will not have the chaince of doing anytlling." Lunlsdon took lis ally's rhand arnd piresed it warmnly. Good-bye, old minn, good-byo and bettor luck. I darcn't moot the slie devils of the south or I'd seo it oatwitll you. But hlang it, man, they would tear noi in pieces if tlioy know all." At this momont a telegram was put iln Iis hand. loe opened it. It was a telegram from tlllni HaInki, Launccstoni, anld ran as follows: " I shall want to withdraw tho valuables you havo of mine on Monday'ynpxt. I am sure tihe shortness of the notic'o will not trouble you." Wallaco laughed aloud at the reading of the telegram.. ' "Well, HIlimn aIti," said he, sollloquisi ing, " I doubt you will have to take out i hawker's licenso. Your gold and your dia meonds hav gone whore I doubt you will not follow them." But lot me to business. ieo took up his pen and wroto continuously for upwards of an lhor. Ho gave strict ordors that no one was to be admitted; that he was in to no one until noon. He could hoar the inqniries mado in the outer room abouttihhnslf- about tie safe robbery, and conjectures about the amount of gold that had been stolen, hut lie wrote on. At last heo flnlshed and ho quietly rolled tip tlhe manuscript and scaled, then as quietly he took a small revolver from his desk drawer, uld, after trying with itfor aiinruto or so,,pulled the trigger and William Wallaco was rlo moro. Thio qolet way in whh whlh vas all dqnownas the only" very remarkable frct about it all. Sruleido nmay ho regarded as cowardly, but tirero re solml positions in which, wleon menl like ~Tallace are placod, tlhoy oan soO no other altorlativo. Tie Romnni philosopheor would not blamo' them. OIHAPTER XXV. DANK BUSPENSIONS. Collins street was in an uproar. Mren and women and childron rushed about like the anta of r nest on whlioh some heIavy animal tlas trodidon and brought ruinr, Tloero wars madness in tlle air-the orndnoes of desipair,of disanppointel d hopes, of ruilned fortlunes, rnd wirero did tile ruin endP Was thlloro any ins stitutloa safoP Was the country itself eafoP It was not to be wondered at tihat theli people of Victoril wore well nighl fronailed. Thie strluggle for existance is a hauld ono at tihe bast, and menl of oven 'temperate Ihopes look forward to surooaeeo of the labor nnd toll of hattie, and risked tleir present possession for oi fulturco grilii. lMelbournoe had beenr in tla cloluds. WVlrlt need would tlloro Ioe f. work ing hon lleo wlholo orrtaldo world rarn about to thllw inlto Victoria its neounmrloterd weallli P WVlrat inore te do tsliIn to prelrd a little tinuaney now sind draw it in agalu Inrlcresed n liun dredo-fuld P It wisll tile eileest way of malk ing a itLprovllh a for tihe fliitre rnlriy dsay tlhat had over beenl plannedt, nd a good ilanry plans hnvo ocbeen formed ill thli old world of olrr to flnd la slhort.ltl tn werltlh. W. II.14 (To re CONeTINUED.) 91 