Parisian Parlance. . May 12. A French parliamentary commission has fall porters to call for papers and persona'; but it doeB not follow that the caller, no matter, how loudly he calls, will obtain what ho requires. Thus, the Inquiry Commission into the working of the Ad- miralty is apparently degenerating into 4 struggle between the old salts, led by Admiral Gervaise, and the landlubbers, commanded by Deputy Lockroy. The revelations would cause even an hypoohon- driuo to split his sides. Admiral Vallon, who is a member of the commission, assorts that the crook battleship and the latest built, tho Magenta, possesses all the quali fications for plundering .into Davy J ones's locker, like the Victoria. He called for plans to demonstrate by the curses of. con struction " his conclusion; The Minister promised' to give them. " Don't ydu wiali you may get them?", was tho reply of tho board, and not to be disobliging sent Vallon the plans of two ships, whoso keels are to bo laid down two years henoe ! Ab swearing is prohibited, the feelings of the commissioners must be imagined. Another member formally stated, and was prepared to prove, that Admiral Gervaise, who is the heart and soul of the Admiralty, gavo orders to the functionaries -to refuso answering all questions if called before the commission. It is a . pretty quarrel as it stands. But the general publio will be astounded to learn on 'the authority of Messrs. Lockroy and Clemen- ceau, that armour plateB were a hindrance, not a help to warships; destroyed their sailing rapidity,' undermined their stability, and recalled coffin-ship dangers. Two vessels are to bo clad with wood and cork— the Furieux and the Reguin— - that does not look like a whale— and official documents are called for ' cor roboratory of the fact. "Why not.. try Tailor Dowe's anti-ball, Maofarlane ? M. Weyl, a distinguished naval writer, -has not much confidence in the three sub marine torpedo boats propelled by electricity; the motive power is imperfect still. This diver is only intended for coaBt defence, and so long us the rudder is kept horizontal- the boat will heol down wards. When the propulsion ceases tho mosquito floats to the surface. Tho. lighting of the little vessel when going down — its motto is " Resurgam" — is so imperfect that nothing can bo observed, a drawback rather in fighting. Other dark point : Ho information vcau ho ob tained as to what foreign naval Powers aro accomplishing in this respect. Why not bouble- barrel interview Whitehead ? Thore is something after all in keeping your naval programme a secret. French scientists made a mistake in not commemorating the centenary' of Chemist Lavoisier's death, ho who was ono of the most eminent creators of modern chemistry. He was sent to the guillotine on May 8, 1794, by the lleign of Terror, just ono -month after the execution of Danton, His death forms one of the foulest blots on the revolution. Ho was not mixed up with politics, but he was rich, not.only as being the son of a trader, bub ho was ono of the' 40 farmers of the taxes — a de tested class — who ground the faces of the poor. Louis XIV., when they became indolently rich, took all their wealth, and sent them to starve in the Bastille — Fou- quet to wit. But Lavoisier only nominally gathered tho taxes; he gavo all his time to chemistry and-physical science. His dis coveries led to doubling the yield of wine per acre in France. He laboured to ro- duoe the rate of interest on loans, and to secure farmers leases of 27 years for their holdings. Lavoisier erred in believ ing men to be better than they are, and felt convinced tho ser vices lie rendered to soieneo and humanity would plead for him. Ho was reconciled toloBe all bis property aud to become an apothecary in order to. exist. To the last he counted upon his lifo being spared. The savants uploaded for him, but tlio revolutionary tribunal replied that tho republic had no need of chomists. Twenty-eight tax-farmers — a veritable massacre — -were guillotined on the Bamo day as Lavoisier ; his was the fourth head struck off, that of his father-in-law was the third. He demonstrated that our system loses in weight, or oscillates, be tween 11 and 32 grains per minute, or from one to Ave pounds daily ; that after every- revolution of 24 hours we return to tho same- weight we were at the eve, provided wo bo neither ailing nor diseased. The Academy of Soionces ' ought not to have shirked the centonary of Lavoisier. Tho Solid i s the organ of the Comtede Paris, and is' puzzled to find out the cause why tho population of the country de creases. Any social philosopher will tell him, beoause marital couples indulge iu wilful sterility. The editor discovers tho soat of the evil iu not oomitructing an underground railway in Parie, by meane of whioh people could obtain oxygen in the suburbs, an'l that would exhilarate their movements towards the matrimonial registrar." How it is just in the fairest regions of France, and the best ozonised — Normandy — where the populations aro most rich into the bargain, that , the highest number of childless marriages exists. The samo Daniel asserts it would be worse than improvidence, almost barbar ism, for young poople to marry without the wherewithal to live. In other lunds young couples speculate to live. It is -also alleged that raon marry when too old in France, and to bridoB too young;-' con- 8uquuuce, tho latter seek lovers, and bo keep business brisk in the divorce court. Statistics, however, show that men over thirty, avoid the "sweot sixteens," and prefer tlio twonty-eights ; but in this ease tho desire for paternity !b very weak; the couple have gained experience of life, have learned the value of monoy', its power, the anxieties it reifies, ana the rainy days it onn provide i.inst ; hence, why invest it in doxies ; why indulgo in the. luxury pf babies, their drawbacks, und deceptions ? . The inorcesing number of unmarried femalos in Franoo must be Bcught,too,in the disinclination of girls who can earn their own livelihood to wed. Re mark flip contentment of the foraalo clerks, all unmarried, in the French post offices ; they, do not suggest the lonely sparrow on the housetop ; thoy. are as happy as their office day is long, sitting at the receipt of(cuistomii, their knitting besido them to turn lost moments into profit, awl their pens; Ink, paper, postage stamps, arranged, us if Chimney piece ornameuts. Propose for one of such vestal virgins, she would .reply, " Young man, you must make out a living for yourself." Despite the most desperate endeavours , on the part of tho olergy and the royalists to crook up the nation to oelebrate May 8, Joan of Are's Day, not tho ghost of a popular manifestation took place in Paris iu honour of the maid; not a flag was hung out, not a Chineso lantern lit, not an open-air ball. The church receives Jeanne into its bosom, after ordering her to be burned. At Notre Dame, ae many bishops lately assembled to beatify her as did formerly to condemn her as a heretic. The church docs not honour the maid for any other reason than the miracle associated with her namo — and that is -natural. the church doos not canonise politicians — olse why ovorlook Richelieu? nor patriotic knights— why forget Bayard? nor virgins — for there are millions outside tho calender of saints. A Frenchman has sustained that were it notforJeanno d'Arc England would he to-day a French province, as tho Lan castrians would havo-replacod tho Yalois; and the patois of Jersey would have suporseded the Saxon tongUe, A new school', tho historical Jingoes, is now coming to tho front, and protests against the churah proclaiming it was by a miracle that Joan compelled the English invaderB to .commence their returning-home movoment. That ex planation would deprive the men. of wur of all glory, for the English could not; bo expected to defeat Providence. . -.The monarchists must by this sec thoy ' can make no capital out of the Maid unless they can got her to work.a mirnole in their favour at the voting urns. Heavou does not anywhere "display interest, iu polling-booths and caucuses. Tho Or- leunists attaoh -Jeanne to the tricolour; tho Bourbons utilise her on their. white flag ; the fionapartists hove flickered' up to display mementoes of Saint Napoleon ; and the republican authorities have quietly removed all the symbols. " In the name of thepropkeb! Figs!" retorttbe republicans. Alas ! poor Joan j you broke up the Anglo- Frauco coalition, of 1431, but the example of your pure and.exalted patriotiand cannot huBh the rivalries of your countrymen of 1894. Because the Premier, Cnsimir Perier, has insisted on a sooialist deputy being prosecuted for exciting strikers to con temn the law, tlio' militant, sooialist de puties have put on the feathers and paint, and betaken themselvos to the warpath. They intend to preach a war to the knife against capital, and lash up the passions of the employed ugaiuBt their employors. In that bad work they over-estimate their strength. If the working classes iu Franco have no robust faith in the promises and delays of legis lators, they have still less in the slices of tho moon programmes, hollow oratory, and rapid newspaperism of tho few noisy socialists, who claim by their thauma- turgics to turn on overy happiness for everyone. The beBt reply tho legislature can make to ail this wild-manism is to push forward its old age pension bills, its measures against industrial accidents, and the relief of invalided labour. This implies finding the money, _ whioh, in turn, means adopting the income tax. Over the latter the deputies stand shivering, like bathers afraid to plunge into the water. But tho .heador must he taken ; the leap in the dark executed — a poundage on income made lcwv. Desirous to attain the head waters of the Nile themselves, the French cannot he expected to indulgo inbonfiro3 bo- cause John Bull hos outdistanced them. No ono doubts hut that a mothts vivendi will ho found, by which the Belgian station at Lalo, on tho Nile, will not block the way to England uniting her East African to her Niger possessions. There iB nothing to prevent Belgium selling her interest for some other con cession or conceding full free trade rights. Having thoroughly secured possession of the Upper Nile, the British from the" south and tho Anglo-Egyptians from the north will march, into Central Soudan, and remain there, the bettor to protect Alexandria and Khartoum, Zanzibar nnd Capetown. The Marquis de Macmahon nevor led a very wild life, but he has been rendered an unenviable notoriety by a demi- raondain, Lione de Fongy. In 1892, to mark his admiration . for tliot belle, ho pnrchnsed somo presents of jewellery for her. Later, she called . on the- jeweller, selected 25,000 francs worth, and directed the bill to be sent to tbe Maiqiiis; .3he arrangod with the dealer, to obtain 4,500 francs in cash, who gave her a . clear re ceipt of unindobtodness. The MarquU refused to pay, alleging he gave no authority for the goods — and won. The jeweller thou sued the demi-mondain, but she exhumed from her corset, nnd with her' best professional smile, asked the judge to examine the receipt, and which the jeweller seemed to forget. ; "While on the precious metalB, a new Franco-Russian finger-ring has . appeared ; silver and gold constitute ' the alliance. The trinket does not go off; 'the birneSallists ought to go in for the lot. , Young sugar-refiner Lebandy will not push home his accusation against his once-ohuin, the Comte do Tallyrend- Perigord, for abuse of eonlidecce if his mamma, the Princess do Sagan, under takes to recoup the bills for 500,000 francs. Sho consents to do so if hor son, the prisoner, aged 35," will agree to acoept her as his. tutor, qnd ..at onco. "enter a lunutie asylum." Mamma's conditions declined. - - The new treatment of lunatics is to boil the patients ; cold douohes have had their .day. A very outrageous patient at Bicetre Asylum rtOB puj; into the strait- jacket, and then placed in u bath, to be given warm. The attendant turned on the boiling water; "went >to somo other business, .and forgot the patient, who was daly cooked— too oyerdoue! — - ; - y " All. tlio world's a stage," remarked, ono member of Ooxoy's arniy.- "Yon," replied another. " Aiul wo'ro welkin' gontlomon." \- An important tost of rapid-fire maoliluo-guns for adoption in tho, navy "will be liold at tbe proving station near Now York in tlio noxt few ' weeks. . \\\ ' , , . '; Tho Admiralty .(remarks 'the' 8tr James's Oasellt) is not very happily inspired .'In naming the new battle-snips, ; Vioterioiis (surely .this is unhappily close to the ill-fated Victoria),: Illustrious, ImpotuouB,. Zealous, Valoro'ua, are the names- solcotod for tho first-olass ; Ironolads' of tlio now programme. Zonlohs arid Valorous aro 'traditional names in tho British Navy ; hut H.M.S. Impetuous' und H.M.S. Trememlpun sound vary muoh) ub if thoy oamo . out of n ooralo opom. ' Tho lato .James Hammy, .in' ono of his naiitionl liovols, introduced a 44-gun frigate milled tho Intolerable. A good' many Bailors will think that ' this would bo it, highly nppropriuto iiatao for almost any modern Irpn- Olad, ' . . , . y- ' Thoro . sooms (says a London piper) -.to be' "ii . ourious roatriotlon extstifig, in Berlin to hamper 4ho designers: of monumental sculpture, Only royal porsohagos aro. ' . allowed " to bo . bom; meinoratbd by. eqiiosfriaii statues ; meaner mortals liave "to' bo content with boiug dq'fobt; Attention lias boe'n 'called to this . matter in oonsoqiioiioo of tlio wish expressed by. iqembers of tbo conimittSo roSpoiisiblo for tlio orootlon of tho national tribute of regardior Bismarok that their great follow-couiitrvman should bo repre sented mounted on horseback. .Somo £80,000 has boon collcctod for this monumont, and thero Is naturally a dosiro that it' should . bo' majlo as important as possiblo ; but" tho' reguliition 'ap pears to bo immutable, and no departuro from the usual oustom is to bb allowed. 