THE STORYTELLER. THE DEVIL'S SLIDE. Bt M. 0. ¥ About a mile and a half from our township there is a dangerous piece of road called the Devil's Slide, leading down to the old wooden bridge that spans the Muddy Creek. This precipitous descent was a terror to drivers, the coolest and most skilful of whom always breathed freer when they reached the bridge, for the slightest stumble, and nothing could prevent coach and honeB from Tolling over the precipice to the rocky bed of the creek below. v ft is now used only by horsemen or pedestrians desirous of saving time, drivers preferring the new road two miles higher up the creek. In the early days it teas the scene of a strange tragedy, the particulars of which I beard from old Peter Redwood, the black smith, one evening as'we sat in the red glow of the smithy fire. I had heard many versions ot the affair, but as Peter was personally acquainted with the principals and an eye-witness of the final act, 1 consider his version, which I give in his own words, the most correct:— " I'm glad you want to know ail about it," said Peter, as he tossed the shoe he had just finished on the floor, and sat down on a block opposite me, "because a lot of people are inclined to put the story down as lies, or, as the new schoolmaster said when he first heard it, *a myth of the early days, handed i down .by oral tradition.' Remarkably 'clever he thought himself; be could account for everything in his scientific way, but he made a big mistake in this case, as I told him, and then he had the cheek to oall it a 'hallucina tion ' I think it was. Now, there are events connected with this story which happened in other places; but when I tell you what oc curred in the township here, and what 1 know to be true, you will have no difficulty in imagining what tbey were. Just before the new bridge was built in '68, Jim Scumlop was the driver of the coach that passed there every night for Geelong. Be was a splendid driver, cool and skilful, though at times he appeared to me to be a bit reok lees, and thought no more of driving fall gallop down the Devil's Slide than tit tossing' off a glass oi rum. Of course,he would never j drive wild if he had passengers aboard, but! only for devilment, when be was alone and anyone watching him from the hill. He was < a fine handsome-looking chap as be sat on the l>ox, but when close to him I saw a peculiar look in his eyes that I didn't like.! Though be had a surly,domineering way with I men, we were all proud of his pluck and the I way he handled the ribbons. " It was well known that he had an eye on Effie Stanley, the niece of Ted Aitchison, who kept the Travellers' Rest, where he changed horses. She was a real pretty little girl, as good-natured as she was pretty, and brimful of fun and mischief. That she favoured him above all the young chaps who oourted her was evident to everyone, as she was -very free with her smiles to him. Whether there was really anything serious between them is bard to say. The women said there was, and they are considered the best judges. I wouldn't admit there was, but, perhaps. I was & bit prejudiced, as 1 was an admirer of Effie myself then. 'Certainly, the only time Jim did look pleasant was when he would drive np to the door and oatoh her watching him through the window, with her pretty laughing eyes. The affair seemed likely to end in a wedding, and it did, hut in a way we least expected, for Effie sprung a surprise on ns one day by going off and getting married, not to Jim, oat to a young chap who bad lately come to < the township from nobody knew where. I heard afterwards he wbbv her true lover, and hadbeenaway at the diggings, and while he had been working for her she had been carrying on with Jim,'so she was to blame. The marriage was kept very quiet, and Jim heard nothing of it until he drove np to the door half an hour after they had come from the church. I was present with others,. who had gathered, curious to see how he'd take it, and exprating a row, when little Neddy Mac, who always delighted in being first with news, good or bad, told him. The result yas disastrous to Neddy, for Jim whipped him up by the neck, and giving him a shake that rattled all the bones in his body, said in a voice hoarse with passion, ' What do you mean, you hound, telling cursed lies like that?', and threw him into a corner, where he remained very j subdued and crestfallen until Jim left. | " Just then Effie and her husband came into j the bar dressed ready for a journey. She was ; all smiles and blushes as she introduced her husband (whc was a pleasant-mannered young chap) to Jim, who shook hands heartily with him and wished them joy. He ] seemed to take it very cool, only a stupid | look came into his eyes for a moment, though I saw from the way he clenched his hands and set his lips it was hard work for him to keep calm. " Effie seemed rather disappointed at him taking it so quiet. I think she would have liked him to look a little more cut up than he did. She told him that her husband and her were going with him, and added, laugh ingly, ' And now, Jim, I want you to show him how you can drive.' \- " Jim smiled, and took a stiff nobbier of brandy. Her husband, who was a fine j fellow, shouted for all hands. 1 don't be- > lieve he knew of her carryings-on with Jim. ! They were the only passengers that night, | and aB it was beautiful and cool they ] mounted the box beside Jim. 1 Though we were rather disappointed at j the affair ending so tamely, we managed to give a hearty cheer as they drove off. We returned to the bar for a final drink before I going home, and were talking over the strange turn things had taken, when we heard a horse daBh up to the door, and next minute Dick Saddler burst into the bar, white as a ghost, and gasped out as he pointed np the road, ' There's a devil of a smash at the creek. The coach has gone slap over the precipice. I was coming up the Devil's Slide as it dashed past me, going like the wind, the passengers screaming, and Jim langhing like a demon.' " We left Dick to settle his nerves with a whisky, and harried to the creek, and a dreadful gmaBh ■, it was. The coach was shattered to splinters on the rocks at the tottom of the creek, which was nearly dry. The horses were lying dead in the ruins. From beneath the debris we dragged, the dead body of Effie's husband. Effie was only stunned, and soon recovered when they carried her home. Jim was the luokiest of them all; he escaped with a slight scratch on the forehead. But the change in the ex pression]^ face was terrible, as we freed him from the wheel which pinned him toj the ground, I never liked the look of his j eyes, hut now they blazed with fury. " The popular opinion of the smash was that it was an accident, caused by the brake I not acting; but I had a different opinion, j which was correct, as after events proved. j "Jim was offered another billet driving,) but he would not take it, as he said his nerve was gone after his dreadful experience that night, and he couldn't trust himself with the ribbons. He loafed about the town ship until he knew Effie was out of danger. She had had a bad attack of brain fever, caused by the shock it gave her when they told her her husband was killed. He left the township early one morning,, and nobody knew what became of him. Effie went scion afterwards to some friends in Bailarat. " We saw nor heard no more of them until, twelve months after, they returned to the township man and wife. This caused quite a sensation, and various and strange were the yarns circulated about them. I heard them all, but rated them as idle gossip, andlde cided to keep my own counsel and watch the development of events, for I felt strangely interested in them, and had an idea that something queer would happen. He bought the old atone house near the quarries, and there they lived a miserable life. No: one went near them ; she shunned her old friends, and was quiet and reserved, quite different from her old self. ' I only saw her once, when I was passing the house, and was struck with the great change in her appearance. She looked like a ghost, she was so white and quiet. " Though Jim grew more morose every day, it was said he was very kind, and tried his best to humour her. One day he brought a pair of ponies to be shod, and as he was a bit talkative, told me he had bought a buggy for Effie, and was going to take her for a drive that evening. He said it would be the first time be handled the reins since the night of the accident I tried to draw him out about that but he instantly shut up and left the shop. " That night I was working late to finish a job. I was grafting as hard as I could, for I felt a bit queer and was anxious to get home, when 1 heard the rumble of a coac)i coming rapidly along the road. This was so unusual that I thought my ears must have deceived me ; but no, the noise came nearer and nearer, and 1 could distinctly hear the clatter of the horses' hoofs and the loud rattling of a heavy coach. " I ran to the door and looked out. What I saw and heard struck such terror into me that I feel nervous even now when I think of it. For in the bright moonlight there dashed past a buggy and pair of ponies going at a terrific pace. The ponies, mad with fear at the unearthly din, were galloping their hardest to escape. Effie held the reins, and seated by her side wns dim, pale and terror-stricken. But what frightened me most was the awful sound that accompanied the buggy. It was so real that I could almoBt imagine I saw the coach. For a moment I was dazed and powerless, then a strong desire to see the end of the drive came over me, and I sprang on my horse, that was standing saddled at the door, and rode after them. " After a hard ride I got within fifty yards of them, and was urging my horse to its utmost speed to overtake them and get at the reins, when I felt him quiver with fear and all the dash seemed to leave him. I managed, however, to keep him going, though I could get no closer, and galloped in the rear of the buggy for half a mile, when it suddenly turned down the old road, and with aquaking heart I saw the ponies race for the Devil's Slide. I pulled up my panting hone on the top of the hill and watched. As they ap proached that dangerons spot their speed in creased, and above the awful clatter rose wild yells of terror mingled with the devilish langh of Jim es they shot down the slide and dis appeared over the precipice into the oteek. They were never seen again ; the creek was flooded, and they were washed away, I sup pose. " And now that you've heard what hap pened here, and connected it with What yon think happened in other places," said Peter, in conclusion, sb he Beized the bellows and worked vigorously to revive the fire, "I'm certain you'll agree with me that Jim drove over the precipice on purpose that night to end them all; that Effie married bim with the idea ot avenging her husband's death, and when she got the reins was seised with a mad deBire .to end Jim's life and her own at the spot where her husband was killed, and that Jim wpntto his death haunted by the poise of^a flying ooaob."^ 