THINGS IN GENERAL] Cut i."o one iir pAKTrccrtAij.) t Foil eoaio time pnst wo. have been J gravely assured ihsz the uinglo tax. is | deaa, tbafc ifc is oiJy by n| few feddjsts whose numbers.' are | becoming smaller every day, and much asore equally accurate and to tho purpose. I am not a siDgle taxcx myself, but the idea cf the single tar. embodies r. gre.ifc truth .which ISO i civilised state can long continue to ij neglect with impunity. To sllow tLo ? unesmed iacresncnS £12 f-ho value of s land to bs laoaopoliecd by icdividar.ls | 53 to rot n premium on astuteness niid a cunning, and to penalise industry nnd 1 enterprise. It foregoes tho revenue j which is produced, and renders it g necees.iry to levy revenue bj , tascs | which hamper production and coxa- j -merce. f o * ? 'I The fund which tho activities and f enterprise of tho people of New South 5 "Wales have created, that fund which is measured by the " position value" of the lands of tho colony as distinct from the value of tho improvements on them, is for the ino3t part being: spent by absentees in other countries. To supply the want of it tho colony has bad to borrow afc an interest 1 chargo which doubles the eesfc of our j loans and constitutes a severe dram 1 on the resources of tbs country. AH I this the advocates of the single 'tax \ have taught mc, and if I still fail to \ see that a tax on the position value or nniraproved value of land should under all circumstances bo tho only tar, it is not from any want of loyalty I to that great central principle of honesty—to each his own and to tho State its own. To every man the fruit of his own. labonr and to tho ] State collectively the fruit of its £ collective labours. f c * s>. * Apologising for this digression, I wish to observe that this " dead" cause is still so formidable ilsai iho landowners of tho colony have found it necessary to form a league to counteract its, teachings. Possibly they are afraid of its ghost. IE slander and misrepresentation conld have killed it. it would have been dead long ago. But either ifc or its wraith 13 so much in evidence that the people who do us tho honour to " own" the | land v. _ c live 5n find it necessary to band together for tho express purpose of killing it over again. However, -whether the singlo tas represents a dead cause or a living one, I think that nearly all classes are agreed that it is a shameful injustice that of all claases in the colony the speculative and non-improving land- j owners should escape taxation alto- j gcther. They arc the most powerful I in the community, which suffi ciently accounts for their immunity from taxation. But they aro also the most useless class. Kay, they sira worss than assies?, because they neither use their laud themselves, nor permit anyone else £0 ueo it except on ruinou3 terms. There is not a city or j town in the colony that is not ceirsiced > in by their possess-on?. And it is equally true: that tnarc is r.at a city or town which would not immediately fee! a. mighty srnpetC3 if, by an impost on the unearned increment, the sold- j ing of unproductive Zand for a riso in price were rendered pecaaiarity, un profitable. <* ?> ? " Tliq land to thoso who nso i&," is the keynote of material prospsrity- In 2s"ew South Wale 3 we say ia effect: Tho land to thoso who hold ifc oui or as-8! Consequently the unemployed land mocks tho unemployed people, and thosa " ownera" who reside among us aro asked to give in charity to the ds3titute what they should have given —or rather an infinitesimal fraction of what they shonld have given—to tho State w? its right. If the State had collected the revenna o£ its own creation the expenditure of that re venne would ha ye rendered destitution impossible exeopS among the ia veterately idle and thriftless, and these clasfO3 can never be inscred against tho iaeirita&lc; coaseqnencos of their own vices. It hs3 alloived iteslf to be robbed of tho wealth of its own creation. That wealth is helping to mako things "htitn" ia London and Paris. It is enabling a small sad idle class of propertied persons to 3iarsd callously "by* whilst the rest of the community suffers all the miseries of depression for the want of it. 9 ? ?* * No wonder the land-owner 3 huddle together like frightened sheep now that these things are being brought; into discussion. " The right 3 of pro perty are in question," they cry ; ''spoliation 13 rampant." Spoliation never gave them any uneasiness as long as they were allowed nnquestiou ingly to despoil the State. The rights of property never gave them a quaim as long as they wero allowed without demur to appropriate tho increment of value which wa3 created by the State, and which, therefore, belongs to the State. Their idea of " property" is the right of appropriating other people's property—the property, that is to say, of the community which created it. ? ? - 9 Even now their auearned gains are as yet untouched. Not a farthing in the pound has been levied upon them. All that ha 3 been done hap been in the way of subjecting their gains to examination and discussion. "Will their huddling together save them? Will tho dost of misrepresentation, in which they obscuro the main issue, save them? I leavo the historian of tho future to answer. But I feel certain that they can only bo saved from what they fear at tho cost of keeping the rest of the population in the miseries which they are 3fc present; experiencing; and I donbfc very much whether they will be willing to experience them much longer. ThiE is a- case in Trhich jusfcico ts vrell as voting power is on tho' side of advancing reform. The most effective tscties of the land monopolists has hitherto bsen found in silence. They have not defended their petition bj' argument cr rhetoric but they Lure quietly diverted taxation in other directions. It is notorious that free trade members of the Legislative Council, for instance, voted for pro tection becanao they knetv that if they rejected it a. land £aE vroaid follow. Their establishment o£ a league is a distiaot stop in advances. It shows that they are boiag forced oat into U-β opon, that the eubiorfogco by vrHca they have been enabled to shirk ihoir fair sharo of taxation in the past ara failing them, and that they are at last eonipolJcd to mafco somo attonipt to justify their position. They _ are brought to the bar of public opinion and find themselves compelled to nlead. Tho njoro thoroughly their cass is set forth tho snore untenable it will bo seen to bo, and tho more protnply will judgment be entered ngcinst them. ? ? ?? Tho manner in which Australian qualified medical men suffer from the competition of thoso who aro legally unqualified has often been set forth in moving terms. Commissions under the direction of tho legally-qualified section have published blue books 'of evidence intended to sink tho legally unqualified out of existence. But still the livp and flourish, and out of sheer perversity, I suppose, tho <lcsth-rato of tho colony persist in remaining low, notirithstanding the general prefer ence for the " unqualified " Short ns against the " qualified " Codlin. But as tho difference between qualified and unqualified often means the differ ence between the possession of a piece of parchment v.-ithout skill in healing and tho possession of skill in 'healing without h. pioeo o£ parchment, perhaps it ia not so formidable as i£ scores. a 3 ? At any rate a commission appointed to inquire inio the doings of legally qualified practitioners ivonld soon bo able to pile up a sensational record. .* * ? Hero is a bit of evidence from a Neiv Zealand paper. A woman died after two days of terrible suffering. Her friends had endeavored to obtain medical assistanco for her, but in vain. One doctor declined to attend without having his fee paid in advance, another objected, to meet at tho bedside 3 member of the profession ivith whom he had some jnisundershmding, and a third was unprovided vrith the necessary instruments to deal with the caso! So after days of fruitless agony the poor woman passed away! Tims does humanity Buffer at the hands of thess unprincipled unqualified practitioners—l bsg pardon I had fallen into the regular " hack" lino of the daily papers. * These practitioners, ono and all, appear to have boon duly and legally qualified. The incident, like others which arc occurring every day, show that tho posr?ssion of 3 diploma by no means exempts the holder fro;n come of tho worst failings of degenerate humanity. Tho folly of giving to any class suprenia power over tho health and liberty of the people becomes moro cviJent every day! A. fair field and no favour, tie medical profession liko every other profession is entitled to. Sui when taey seek more- than that they become pro tanto enemies of the people. Hospital Saturday proved a great success. Tho vrives and daughters of the wealthy classes, and of the classes which are not wealthy, turned out in force to collect. They raised nearly £2009, and tybat i? perhaps of more importance they raised their estimate oE the ordinary plebeian crowd, from whom they solicited donations- Per haps also tho reverse "J3 truo and the plebeians, so widely separated in rank and station from the fair collectors, may havo been gratified to be able to observe for themselves that theaa fortu nate young persona possessed both human sympathies and human foibles. Anyhow tho grand truth taat, "yon never knov,- what you can do till you try" has ones zsore received exemplifi cation. So elated are the collectors over their success that I expect Satur day collections vrili yet Cβ made for other objects than to support the hospitals. A collection to resnscitate the lardowners* defunct " organ" for iustance, or to establish tbe meat ex port trade of the colony, or to raise another £1000 for thai "dear man, Sir George Dibb3"—but there, the possible and probable objects which suggest thentaelve3 arc too many and too bewildering to admit of enumera tion. ? ? ? Cable news is more than usually exciting. Earthquakes in Greece, social earthquakes, gigantic strikes and unemployed demonstrations in America. The handwriting is on the wall of Carnegie's Triumphant Plnto cracy. Tho " fat man" is being weighed in the balance and found wanting. 