Liters and books. George Eliot's old home in Loudon is to be ! pulled down to make room for a railway Bta tioa. • In 1552 boots on geometry and astronomy 'I were destroyed in. England as savouring of magic. Mr. Kipling is collecting a number of his | magazine stories for boys, chiefly about India, and will issue fhew in volume form. Priacc Bismarck has sold his memoirs to a 1 German firm of publishers for £25,000, with; I tho condition that they 6hall not be published daring his lifetime. Jule3 Verne, who Is said to have earned more j money by bis pen than any other Jiviug author, has taken up his abode in'plain apartments in | the old cathedral town of Amiens. Four hundred different newspapers are printed in London, their weekly circulation numbers 30,000,000, and tlieir expenditure for newseach day amounts to £12,000. In. his new novel, "The Last Tenant,!' Mr. B. L. Farjeon introduces a. new "detective I agency in the shape of the ghost of a domestic cat, and he actually makes tho feline spook blood-curdling rather than ludicrous. Reference has oftenibren made to Emerson's I iteterenoe xiaa oitenp^en maae to i^merst influence on Professor TyndalL It is said that j on the fly-leaf of an old volume of Emerson's works accidentally picked up by Tyndall at an old bookstall—a volume which first made him I acquainted with the writingsof theNew England I seer—are inscribed-these words, "Purchased | by inspiration." Sir Robert Bait's new work, "In the High Heavens," is almost ready for publication by Messrs. Isbistcr. Some of its contents have already appeared in the shape of articles in different magazines, but these have all been thoroughly revised and brought up to date. Sir Robert Ball is now perhaps the most popu lar writer on astronomy living A new book about Mr. Ruskin is an an nouncement calculated to awaken somewhat j mixed feelings; hut there is a settling to unmixed satiaaction when oiie learns that the I author is Br. Charles Wiildstein, some time of I the Fitzwiliiam muscnm at Cambridge. The title of his book is "ThcWorkof JohnRuskin; its influence on Modern Thought tfnd Life," and the publishers are Mesaa^.Harper Bros. Bret Hartc has reached a point when literary work i3 impossible to him except in absolute solitude. When writing he leaves his own home for suburban lodgings, where no visitor is allowed to trouble him; and where he follows a severe routine of early rising, scant diet, and steady work. It has been generally-remarked (says the San Francisco Argonaut) that one can see this laborions regimen in his latter-day novels. Novelists have carious and various ways of studying the life they wish to depict. "Mr. Thomas Hardy spends much of his time in the | kitchens of the Dorsetshire labourers, who form tho groundwork of his books. Rudyard Kip ling haunted the London East End in shabby clothes before he sketched the "Record of I Badalia Hcrodefoot." Mr. ZangwiU, again, is 1 touring with a theatrical company to learn the ins and outs of the profession. The question the reviewer asks himself con cerning most biographies is, Was this man's , life worth writing? And usually (says j Academy) the answer is that it was not: that the preservation of his memory had been better attained by a magazine article or a few lines of truthful epitaph. Yet the mama for writing biographies—and publishing them, which is worse—is on the increase. Many a good man's memory is drowned in fathomless volumes, from which it will never be restored. The famous " Whitaker'a Almanack " is now in its 30th year of publication. " Whita ker " is edited by Mr. Gerald Whitaker, and his principle is that e.r&y; department of that remarkable book shall be edited by the best known expert in his particular line. " "Whita ker" is becoming a very portly tome.'When it first started it was a small pamphlet-like production, but each year it has waxed fatter. A complete set of "Whitakera" from tho beginning is extremely rare, and fetches a high price. I doubt, indeed (says W. D.Howdls), whether the earnings of literary men are absolutely as gr?at as ibey were earlier in tho century in any of the English- speaking countries; rela tively they are nothing like as great. Scott had£8,000 for "Woodstock," which was not a very l-irge novel, and was bv no means one of his best, and £8,000 then had at least the purchasing powers of £12,000 now. Moore had 3,000 guineas for "LsllaRookh," but what publisher would he rash enough to pay £5,000 for the masterpiece of a minor poet now. The memory of Rebecca Gratz, tho "Re becca" of "Ivanhoe," has been revived re cently in Philadelphia (says the Record), where she was once a charming old- time belle, by her brother's bequest for a Sickvclt Israel College. But, unknown to the majority of Philadel ghions, two other monuments to her memory are been long standing in their midst. Rebecca Gratz founded tho first Jewish Sunday Bchool in the world, at the time when Robert, Raikes in England and Wesley in America' were doing the same service for the Protestant Church. She gathered 50 Jewish children of this city and taught them every Sunday. That school, founded by her, still meets at Tonro Hall, oornor of Tenth and Carpenter streets, and'tho membership lias {frown from 50 to 1,500, while a direct branch flourishes at tho ooruer of ; Third street and Girard avenue. TheGratz mansion and orchard stood where the street that took her father's nnmo now meets-Bin* mond;. and it was there that she was first introduced to Washington Irving, who praised her to Sir Walter Scott, who'm his turn gave her, idealised, to the world. It is rumoured that Dr. Birkbeek Hill' has . made tin important And during his viait. to America—nothiug less, in fact, than . the., corrected proof-sheets of Bo3weH'tfJohn son," containing the passages which Boswell suppressed on the representations of his friends. We are sorry, says the Doohinnn, that tho hopes held out in some quarters about Mr.1' Buskin resuming his literary Jabojirs hare no foundation. Although in "good health, Mr. Buskin is entirely unequal to any mciitdl effort, and is allowed to converse only on sub jects which do not agitate his mind. . Somo authors have left it on record that their brain was never so fertile as in a railway train .. or an omnibus, or a crowded public thorough fare. A well-known novelist assures us that - . after long experience ho finds a church to be the place which inspires Vm most, and he has, consequently, acquired a reputation for church going which he prizes very highly. An uncommonly good Btory concerning Mr Gladstone as a book-hunter comes to our ears (says the Daily Chronicle). Some littlo.timo. ago one of his famous marked catalogues, ordering a batch of books, was surcharged by the post office, as being of the nature of a letter. It was enclosed in a halfpenny wrapper, and bore the G.O.M.'a customaty scrap of writing, to forward the volumes* pricked off. The second-hand bookseller'added the extra postage—2d., or thereabouts—to. the account, and Mr. Gladstone paid up at once.. But he relieved his feelings by having a merry ; hit at the post office for ite marvellous red tape. The picture of Mr. Arnold,Morley,. Postmaster-General, grinding "tuppence", oat of his venerable chief the Prime Minister is * altogether excellent. • - 