THE FIRST CONSECRATION OF AN AUSTRALIAN BRED BISHOP. AN IMPOSING CEREMONIAL. M ELBOURNE, Tuesday, May 1. The novel and interesting ceremony of consecrating a Bishop of the Church of England was performed at St. Paul’s Cathedral to-day in the presence of a very largo gathering of tbo clergy*and layormen. To Australians of the Anglican denomination the proceedings were specially interesting from the foot that Dr. Green, the now Bishop of Grafton and Armadale, N.8.W. (till recently Archdeacon of Ballarat) received bis training at Trinity- College, Melbourne.. Hero Dr, .Green had a brilliant edu cational career,., winning tbo Bromby prize for-biblio»l Greek, the Bower prize, and ■other collegiate trophies. Ho was ordained a 'deacon by Bishop Mdorhouse in 1880, and has since pursued bis c&rical; .calling at Brighten, Mnldbn; and Ballarat. The ceremony was timed to begin at eleven, bub the anxiety of those who had been so fortunate as to secure tickets of admission' was shown by tho numbers waiting at the doors, and though -a large congregation seem small when enclosed in the ample proportions of the building, every seat was speedily occupied. As the bells ceased a procession of the clergy and laity was formed in tbo corridor and moved down tho central isle. It was composed as’ follows: —Verger, choir, clergy of tho diocese of Melbourne, noting minor canons, precentor, cathedral chapter, tho bishop elect of Grafloo, robed os an archdeacon ; the bishops of North Queens land, Adelaide, Rivorina, Newcastle and Goal burn; the primqte’s register, tho chancellor of the diocese of Ballarat, the Bishop of Ballarat and tbo Bishop of Melbourne. As tbo pro cession passed along-lho cathedral, the choir sang the hymn commencing “Tbo church’s one foundation.” The Bishop of Ballarat commenced the service by reading tbo /com munion.. The Bishop of Newcastle read the gospel epistle, v and the Bishop' of Melbourne the gospel. Tbo Bishop of Goulburn preached from Psalm XIV, verso 17, “Instead of thy fathers thou shall have children whom thou mayest make princes in.all the lands.” The Bishop-oloot was then conducted by his chap lains to the vestry and robed in the linen garment called a rochet. Tbo choir during bis absence sang Gounod’s anthem, “ Send oat thy light and thy truth.” The Bishop of Ballarat as senior bishop, having taken bis seat in front of the communion table the bishop-elect was'proaenled to him by the Bishops of Mel bourne and Newcastle. The senior bishop (ben demanded the certificate of election/ by the' Synod of the Diocese of Grafton, and the certificate of the confirmation of the same by tho metropolitan and bishops of the province of New South Wales. Those wore road, . .and the oath of canonical obedience having boon administered the bishop elect knelt in front of the senior bishop,and romairiod kneeling as the precentor. chanted tho Litany, which con tained a special prayer for tho bishop v elect. After tho reading of the Litany the bishop oloot *wos catechised by the senior bishop. Ho then returned to bo invested with tho remainder of the episcopal robes.- During his absence the choir sang anthem, “How lovely aro the messengers. ” Returning, tbo bishop elect again knelt in front of tho chair, and tho taking their places alongside, the senior the hymn beginning, “Como,. Holy Ghost, our souls inspire” was sung. The senior bishop and the other bishops then placed their hands upon the head of tho bishop elect, and the solemn words of consecration wore pronounced by tno senior bishop. Tbo service was con cluded by a blessing pronounced by tho Bishop of Melbourne.. The-clergy and laity then retired, in procession to the singing of .the,hymn,. “Now thank we all our God. ” teg- afternoon the mayor and Mrs. Bnowdop hq|d a reception at Mho Town Hall in honor oftiio consecration. There were a largo-number of clerical guests,' iaqlucUng the nowIy : mado bishop. the evening a full ohpral service was ebrated at St. Paul’s. There was a very largo congregation, nearly filling the cathe dral. - The visiting bishops and clergymen took part in. U|o service. Dr. Green .preached an eloquent sqrmo»*4fcoip II Qorinthians, II, 60, “ Who- is/fluffioiont for’those things. ” He made a strcng appoal to Victorian churchmen who wore sending a.bishop to a distant, part of New South'Wales to.show their- generosity by giving the diocese that kindly help which it needed. . .. 