Commoa or tardea, fads; By Teddy waddy in. the Melbourne Argus. Of all: tilings- in. this- woddi of sin. .and. change that, stick tighter to us- ithan our- poor, relations,, bad. habits,, 'or liquidators,, are. our fads. Every living mw past the age of forty has one,.jpst as surely as each of Joseph's, jbrecureu. had his-, money, im the month of- his sack,. Perhaps he may harbor a. whole crop of little follows, bat there- is- the oue, the bright particular- boss fad,, which, he nourishes, and '.cherishes with even greater care, than, a young mother lavishes over, the roll of fat dimples, and a. smile she calls, her first-born- I know a respectable: elflerljr ma-n |with grown-up childreu. who. for yeara has bolted his dinner every Saturday jlikfl a schoolboy so. that he might rush -off with, a net at the end of a long ipole and. catch, butterflies, and beetles,, land grotesque insects, with, unnecessary legs,, which he brings home at night, and kills with, oxalic- acid,, afterwards, sticking them. on. cork with pina and' squares of cardboard.. This fad hqa kept.his wife a ud . daughters in a state of ferment, for years,, fearing that some ofi th&-nasty things" might not be -quite- dead,, and getting loose : would walk" about the house at night like the ghost of Hamlet'slather, with the pins and cardboard, stuck on their backs. -d \ The mechanical-fad is a terrible one One ot my most intimate friends is. now: breaking out all over- with it- For years, past he has had symptoms, that have taken the form, of miniature locomotives steam boats, water wheels,, cloek toys,, and the like. But now he is suffering from a severe eruption ol electricity. The other Sunday I called on liim, and discovered the whole of his family and the servant huddled together ia the back yard in a state of abject fear, not , daring to go into the house or sit on : any of the chairs for fear of " shocks." j He was in the breakfasrroom standing : on a board placed ou four inverted i tnmblors winding an electrical machine : with the object of making his hair stand on end And it did stand on j end, too, like a birch broom in a fit, each particular hair erect like the quills on the historical porcupine, I'm so glad you've come, old fellow,' he said, I want to be photo graphed like this. Just take a shot at me with the camera, you'll find it j over in the corner and to please him I did. Then I persuaded him to come down from his perch, disconnect the household furniture for a time, and give his family a chance of passing their Sunday afternoon in peace. \- The no-oveicoat ' faddist is an irritating creature. I meet a fine specimen at my suburban station every morning. One morning, when tbe east wind was coming up as keen as a razor and as cold as tbe breath of an iceberg, be came oil to tbe platform, his teeth chattering like a quartz battery. 'You look cold,' somebody Said to him incautiously. This gave him his opportunity. ' Co-eo-eol 1, not a b-b-bit of it, I'm qn-qn-q-mte ww- warm. I ne-never wear an o-o-o- overcoat, haven't for forty ye-years : don't need one. You fel-fel-low are regular mol-mol-Hiolly- codoles.' And so he goes on punish ing himself wmter after winter, just for tiie sake of keeping his pet fad going, ne flatters himself that be is hardy,' and that we others are very delicate creatures that require to be mapped ap to prevent as firm perish ing. And so for liis dearest fad he suffers continual cold in the head, a nose like Ancient Pistol's, watery eyes, blue cheeks, and his poor teeth going as if he had seen a wilderness of ghosts en bloc. There is a small nest of the faddists who in the season never miss a Satur day down the bay in the excursion steamers. For the most part they are ronnd and rosy, chippy little men, with cheery ways and average intelligence, sane in every other direction except that of keeping up their hay record. I've never missed a Saturday for ten years,' said one ia the. tram the other morning wi'h pride on his brow. Then be looked at us with the superior air of a man who has performed a feat that should earn for him undying fame. ' Do you like it ?' asked the no overcoat' man. 'Like it! What should I do it for if I didn't like it ?' lie replied. ' O !' replied he of the chattering teetli, ' I thought it was only just a fad of yours.' A peculiar phase of the mania is the carpentering craze. A good many of my fiiends have it, and the symptoms are all similar. They have a shed in the backyard wherein they live all their spare moments, making side boards, cupboards, tables, ward robes, &c.; These are fearful and wouderfhl things when made, rot like anything above tbe earth nor in the waters under the earth, and they generally cost about five times what they can be bought for at any cabinet maker's. This faddist always has two or three of his fingers hound up with rag, the result of misdirected excursions with his jack-planes or wandering chisels. He keeps his family awake the greater part of tbe night with knoekings and hammerings, and when at last he tears himself away from his work he goes to bed smelling of glue, sawdust, and varnish. His latest effort was to make a sideboard for his wife as a surprise birthday present, but it was tro wide to get past the kitchen door, and so it now stands, in company with the safe and filter, on the back verandah. Norah uses it for the knifeboard rest and to clean boots at, and stands the jug on it for the milk man in the morning. Norab's private opinion of tbe master is, ' that he is a rale convenient man share.' Tbe fad of catching a particular train to town in the morning and at night is a deep-seated one in many subjects. The chief sufferer I know has hie cottage close to the station and one of his children stands as sentinal at the front gate to tell him when the train is approaching. ' Here it conies, father.' brings bim out with a bound, scrambling on his overcoat as be cleave tbe bridge that crosses tbe line, finish ing tbe last mouthful of his breakfast as be bounds down tbe steps three at a time. The train is well on the move as be jumps iuto our compart ment, excited and flurried, with yolk of egg patches on his beard, and his hat on the back of his head. 'Near thing that time, wasn't it?' 'Yes,' says the ' down the hay ' man, ' hut yon needn't have hurried, there was another train in seven minutes.' ' If I had lost this one,' he replies, ' it would be the first time in seven years, and I'd sooner do anything than that.' At night it is the same tiling, only he brings with him a bag or two of "fruit or a crayfish, and comine full tilt on to tbe platform makes fcr the nearest carriage door, bundling into an already overcrowded compartment, stepping on people's toes, and standing against the window during tbe journey. He has been remonstrated with repeatedly, ai d it has been pointed out to him as delicately as possible that if he rose five minutes earlier in the nroming he would not have to bring half bis break fast into the train with him, and that his digestion might have a show of j getting iu its five minutes' work properly. ' What !' he answers, ' me late ! Why I've always stacks of ' time. D'ye want me to be knocking j about ou tbe station for half an hour doing nothing ?' j The very worst of the whole army of faddists is the man who believes he I has been sent into the world by Divine Providence in order to liven up his fellow-men by the making oFpuus. There is a race in the centre of Africa who eat their old men when they begin . to tell long-winded stories without any i Doiut. We might, with advantage, take a leaf out of their hoot and cremate the word-torturers, Sfv lead ing specimen has little black eyes like coals that dance with dehght when ever he is about to discharge one of Ills miserable pellets. When lie gets into our compartment we bury our selves in our papers, but it is no us-'. As no one will speak, he opens t! e attack. 'Wall, none of you're off color this morning.' No answer ; nothing but the slight quivering of nine papers. ' You're all well r d, don't you see and then his little black eyes dance a fandango, d light d with their owner's player on the word ' read.' The ' no overcoat ' man break-? ground, aud as we pass over the Yarra Bridge hazards the remark that ' the river's a bunker this morn ing.' The tiny black eyes commence a wild reel again, and then comes, ' Yes, and if we've much more rain, there'll be an overdraft on the banks.' Isn't it a pity,' whispers the ' down the bay man to me, ' to see a human being with such a wretched mania ? Regular attendant at church too — goes down the bay sometimes ou Saturday — nice children and all that. It'd be a charity to tell him what a nuisance he is. He has got the train-catcher fairly cornered now, and is pouring iu broad sides of his idiotic puns. Doubtless on the two cups lie calls cup-pies — works off high-mettled razor for racer — likes Oaulfleld because its h iaudy to the station ; and so on till Prince's- bridge station is reached. 