THE NEWEST DIVERSION. Skirt-dancing for the time is dead in Eng lish society, and even the coster songs of Mr. Albert Chevalier have ceased to be the attraction they once were. The reason is not far to seek. They have become common. And so, as with a fashion that has descended, the "first flight" of English society has sought something new, and fonnd it in tableaux vivants. Hot, be it understood, the old simple living pic tures such as "Sweethearts" or "Little Red Riding Hood," but elaborate and truthful representations from the works of great artists, the stage crowded with correctly-cos tumed figures, appropriate scenery in the background, and limelight used with telling effect Such great reproductions as the "Roll Call," the "Execution of Mary. Queen of Scots," " The Slave Market," and "The Passing of Arthur" being of the class which hare attained such marvellous popu larity at home. Every artifice is used to give effect and add realism to the tableaux. The curtain rises on a pitch-dark stage. Slowly the lights are raised from the front, sides, and flies. Then, if needed, the coloured and lime lightsare turned on. Appropriate music of the best kind is played the whole time, and where necessary tne song or ballad con nected with or appropriate to the picture is sung, either behind the scenes or at the wings. For instance, during the exhibition of the "Roll Call" the "Queen's Letter "is given, and with "The Slave Market" Long fellow's beautiful poem " The Slave's Dream," commencing " Beside the ung&thered; rice he lay," is sung. The new amusement has already been Sreased into the cause of charity in the colony y Lady Madden, who has commenced the preparation of a series of tableaux for pre sentation at the Bijou Theatre towards the end of July, the proceeds to be devoted to the various charities around Melbourne. Remembering the wonderful success of a similar entertainment on a much smaller scale last year, it is certain, with the fuller accommodation a theatre can afford, that a still greater triumph can be achieved. Amongst the many effective pictures which have found especial favour the following may be mentioned: Venus catching Cupid (with a net), Comrades in Arms, Bubbles, Paolo and Francesca, Cleopatra and Antony (barge scene), The First Love Letter, Solitude, La Cigale, The Shy Lover, Herodias and Her Daughter, The Guardian Angel, How Lisa Loved the King, The Last Dance, The Widow's Mite, In the Stocks, The World went very well then, Louis XI., The Sculptor, The Passing of Arthur, The Death of the Firstborn, The Love Letter, The Health of the Bride, Darby and Joan, The Fates, Mr. Mantilini and the Bailiffs, Many Wooers Sought Her Hand, An Undress Rehearsal, A Tiff, Sweethearts and Wives, Faith, Consulting the Oracle, Joan of Arc, Launcelot and Elaine, Circe, Playmates, Old Love Renewed, The Return of the Penitent, The Interrupted Ghost Story, Alice in Won derland, Dotheboy's Hall, The Gipsy En campment, The Dancing Lesson, " The Ancient Mariner. The Duel (after the masked ball), The Bells, Santa Clans, The May Queen, Quatre Bras, Revolted Daughters, The Door of Mercy, Two Strings to Her Bow, The King?s Liba tion, Sorrow and Song, fcc. 