CORRESPONDENCE. [\We do not hold ourselves responsible for the opinions of our correspondents.) TO THE EDITOR. Sin.-As one of the audience at the recent demonstration of the flBox Hill State schdol, I have since had my rest disturbed in trying to elucidate tile "moral" intended in the "Tableau Vivant" called "Retribution." The chairuan warned us that it was intended to convey a "moral." Every night since, sleep, nature's sweet restordr has beeq banished from my pillow, owing to my mind being occupied in solving this, to mue, difficult problem, and unless you can help me in my ditliculty, or the school authorities step in for sweet charity sake, goodness only knows when I shall be able to have a good sqluare sleep again, my ditficulty is not in finding an answer, but I tind so many, they troop up like Junius' ghosts in Byron's vision of judgment. I supposed, from the introductory remarks of the chairman, that one special moral was intended, but which, there'a the rub. I will enumerate a few, perhaps one of them is the Simon pure. Moral 1. Don't let your children run ragged and play marbles, all f!owed from that first cause. .Moral I. If you have pioi to iell on any other work ts do, attend to it solely, and don't be diverted fromn your obvious duty by other attractions. Moral .L I/you css'a to eat a pie, tinit 'f ot \ork, don't. throw part away, that pie may have ) containedi botth bane and antidote, and the catastrophe (no pln/ meay ha re arien fromn unfsnished Xabor. Moral 4. It you want a pie don't patroniss an itinerant vendor, but go to the regular old established shop, where at least you may depend upon having the kitten without the fur. Mloral 5. Study carefully the broad-sheet, what to do till the doctor comes, don't rub limbs and feel puloes when mltustard and water emetic is the o~vious application. Moral i. Don't engage the first amateur saw-bones that turns up, but send for the the properly qualified resident phlysician, Mloral 7. Don't steal your pie-no. that can't be right, as it the boy had duly bought and paid lor it, there is nothing to show that the result would be different. Moral 8. Don't have anything to do with hidden mysteries-pies and such like. This is only a traction of the answers that crop up when I alm trying to woo balmy (or any other) sleep. Now, .Mr. Editor, you know everything, just for my pease of mind, I and for the peace of hundreds of minds who probably are being disturbed over this question-give us the answer.-Yours, &c.;, PERIPLEXED. 