SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. FOOTBALL. ROVERS v. FREMANTLE. There was a fair muster of spectators at Fremantle Park on Saturday, when the Rovers met Fremantle for the third time this season. The visitors, whose team had undergone re- construction since the last match, were generally thought not to have the ghost of a show against the formidable Portonians, but they created a surprise by working with such spirit and good effect that the match was in doubt at the commencement of the last quarter. Fremantle then came with a characteristic rush, and won with three goals in hand. The teams were as follows :-Fremantle-J. Lor- raine (captain), E. Preece, H. Fay, H. Far- rington, J. Garey, A. Wood, H. Shaw, H. Cooper, J. Moorhouse, W. Watts, T. Libbis, W. Libbis, C. Jackman, B. Yates, R. Thomas, Wildman, L. Spencer, R. Smith, N. Walsh, J. Snook. Rovers-L. Ogborne (captain), Clarke (vice cap.), Moodie, Sharpe, Kirby, Pash, Hussey, Halliday, Arnold, Dethridge, Nichols, Mills, Sinclair, Burton, Edwards, Wilkins, Hill, Hymus, Lean, Rear- don and Armstrong. There was scarcely any wind. Fremantle won the toss and chose to kick towards the Asylum goal. The first noticeable play was a mark at long range to Watts, but he failed to cover the dis- tance and a free kick temporarily re- lieved the Rovers' goal. Preece next executed a capital mark, and, passing to Moorhouse, the latter secured the ball cleverly, right in front. A goal was the re- sult. Rovers then worked the ball forward along the wing, and fortune favoured them. The ball beat Farrington, and Nicholls smartly touched it with his foot ; first goal for Rovers. Wilkins soon after tried a shot, and scored a behind. Fremantle worked the ball away, but the Rovers beat them at their own game - ruck play. Kirby marked well for Rovers, but was unfortunate in getting a " poster." Fremantle, by good passing on the wing, forwarded, and Cooper marked well, but only scored a behind. The Rovers then fairly surprised their opponents by their clever passing. Preece came to the rescue of the home team with a slashing run along the wing, and a Fremantle forward had the bad luck to get a " poster." Fremantle had the ball in the vicinity of the Rover's goal for some time, but Hussey and Dethridge, marking splendidly, checked every onslaught. Watts, however, even- tually got possession within range, but only scored a minor. Ends were changed, and very soon Watts had another shot, but with the same result as before. Garey had a still easier shot, but could not score. Soon afterwards Cooper marked cleverly at a dis- tance where he could not make a mistake, and second goal was hoisted for the home team. Rovers became prominent again, and a long shot by Hussey went out of bounds. After this Fremantle were prominent, but they were eventually repulsed, and Edwards marking at near 60 yards registered a capital goal. At half time the scores were equal. On resuming there was some fast play up and down the ground. Edwards then tried a seventy yards shot and failed dismally. The Rovers evoked the cheers of their supporters by the way they marked and played round their opponents, and when Wilkins, marking close in, scared third goal for the visitors the enthusiasm was unbounded. Fremantle the did some forcing and obtained a rather lucky goal out of a scrim- mage. At three-quarters time the scores were again level. The next quarter opened with Fremantle playing their best marking game. For some time the locals pressed their opponents. Watts missed an easy chance, and soon afterwards a good kick by Cooper was stopped in goal. Cooper and Ogborne, both going for a mark together, came into collision, and Cooper, the slighter man falling, was given a free kick. It was an easy shot, and he did not fail to score another goal. This proved the deciding goal, as the Rovers then went to pieces. Cooper, as the result of a splendid mark, scored fifth god, and Watts punted sixth goal. The visitors had, if anything, a little the best of the game until the end of the third quarter, and their collapse in the fourth quarter seemed to indicate some deficiency in training. Fremantle, however, played in their best form at this period, and must have won. For the winners Moorhouse played a capital game all through and was well supported by Preece and Fay. Cooper, although his kicking was not brilliant, taking it all through, made some wonderfully good marks. Jackman, Smith, and Garey were a trio only second to the first mentioned. For Rovers Hussey played the game of the forty, and Pash, Ogborne, Burton, Reardon, Clarke, Kirby and Wilkins rendered very good service. Mr. T. Cullinan was much below his best form as central umpire. He was persistently bluffed by several players and his faults of omission and commission were numerous. THE SENIOR PREMIERSHIP FOR 1894. < KS (Hub. ''III m *fiii 'I ni 43 as M 1 m O ri a 1 fi ù co *3 O ¡5 ?3s öS ta a "S fi West Perth... - 5 3 ï 0 28 29 6 VFremantl». 6 4 2 Ü S« 21 8 ^Severs . 5 1 4 Ü 22 36 2 # JUNIOR FOOTBALL. BAST PERTH v. IMPERIALS. ii ; - The above match waa played on the New ^Recreation ground on Saturday last. The Baot Perth* had all the bett of the game, and 'kicked 3 goais 9 behinds to their opponents 1 'god 5 behinds. Those who played well for ¿the winners were Campbell, Webb, T. Crogan, .Stevenson, Mc Allen, and McDonald ; while ;for the, losers Herbert, Mattison, Ferguson, Itoesel, Mofflin, and Roberts showed good form. The foal kiokers were, East Perth tlfoGregor (2), and Campbell, and for the Imperials MeKenna. Mr. Rose performed tie-duties of central umpire, and gave general satisfaction. , FOOTBALL IN VICTORIA. THE PREMIERSHIP MATCHES. [Bx TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUB COBBESÍONDSMT.) MELBOURNE, July 14. ;xThe following are the results of the senior potball matches to-day : Bsaeadon, 2 goals 9 behinds ; North Mel .qrae, 2 geale 6 behinds. Footseray, 4 goals 4 behinds; Fitzroy, 3 bala, 5 behinds. Geelong, 4 goals 13 behinds; P*rt Mel ourne, 2 goals 10 behinds. ^Skrath Melbourne, 11 goal 7 behinds ; Carl »; .5 behinds. 'Williamstown, 7 goaïs 11 bohiüds; St. :¿Íd*¿ S goals 10 behiL.cif,. [Melbourne, 5 goals 5 babinda ; Collingwood, bebinás. FOOTBALL IN ADELAIDE. THE PORTS DEFEAT THE NORWOODS. [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) ADELAIDE, July 14. The chief football match to-day waa be- tween Port Adelaide and Norwood on the Adelaide Oval. The former won by 7 goals 7 behinds to 5 goals 3 behinda. THE LAWN TENNIS TOURNAMENT The Lawn Tennis Tournament was ad- vanced another stage on Saturday, when F. Herbert beat A. Barloa. H. Cresswell and T. Kelly played a very even contest and the game, whioh was a protracted one, was decided virtually on the last stroke. The scores were, 6-4, 6-5, 8-6. This places Cresswell in the final, in which he will have to meet Hogarth or Herbert, according to how the contest between these two is decided. RACING IN ADELAIDE. THE PORT ADELAIDE WINTER MEETING. [BY TELEGRAPH.] [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] ADELAIDE, July 14. The Port Adelaide Racing Club winter meeting was held at Morphettville to-day. There was only a fair attendance in con- sequence of the cold showery weather. The results were a« follows : TRIAL STAKES.-Six furlongs. Shootover... ....1 Calvóla ... Aeura . Dividend, ¿66 15d. Won by three lengths. Time, lmin. 22£sec. HURDLE ;RACE. Barber. . Elastic. Jaok Spratt ... . Dividend, £2 17s. Won by 12 lengths. Time, 3min. ijsec. PORT ADELAIDE HANDICAP.-Six furlongs. Jericho ., ... ... 1 John Bull . Tinstream . Six others ran. Dividend, £1 17a. W»,n comfortably by two lengths, a half he»d between second and third horses. Time, lmin. 191sec. STEEPLECHASE. Sky Pilot. 1 Strike .2 IXL .3 Seven onhers ran. Dividend, ¿613 11s * Won by three lengths. Coquette, Pare Grifc, and Deburg fell. Time, 4min. 37|sec. AUCTION STAKES. Wahine. 1 Ruth . Madoc .3 Dividend, ¿610 4s. Won by three lengths. Time, lmin. 9 4-5bhs. aec. FAREWELL HANDICAP.-Six furlongs. Britisher ... ... ... ... 1 Handover.2 Caloola ... ... ... ... 3 Four others ran. Dividend, ¿66 18s. Won easily. Time, lmin. 14sec. RACING IN VICTORIA. THE G.N. STEEPLECHASE. A WIN FOR DAIMIO. THE FAVOURITE NOWHERE. [BY TELEGRAPH.] [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] MELBOURNE, July 14. The wea thor this morning was very wet, but cleared up at noon. The turf at Flem- ington made the running heavy. There was a good attendance. The following wera the resolta : OPEN HURDLES.-Of 200 sova. About two miles. Apsley (Barbour) . 1 Neli (Powell) ... . 2 Woonooke ... ... ... 3 Six ran. Betting : 7 to 2 against Apsley, 7 to 1 CB. and Cadet, 7 to 1 Neli. The favourite appeared in frost at the sheds, and won easily by three and a half lengths, there being the sams distance between second and third horses. Cadet was fonrth and Volga fifth. Figaro and Bill fell at the abattoirs, and Anarrow foil at the sheds, bringing CB. with him. Anarrow was shot. Time, 4m in. 2aec. LAWN HANDICAP.-Of 200 sovs. Six furlongs. Erl King (Day). 1 Tyras (Lewis) .2 Tassy (Wisby).t There were a doeen runners. Betting : 4 to 1 Tyras, 9 to 2 Wantagong, 5 to 1 Budgeree, S to 1 Erl King. Four furlongs from home Erl King went to the front, and won easily by five lengths, there being three lengths between second and third horses. Ambition was fourth. Time, lmin. 21$8ec. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE.-Of 750 sovs. ; second 150, and the third 75 «ova. out of the stakes. About three miles. Daimio, 9st. 31b. (Bourke) ... ... 1 Cerberus, 9st. 81b. (Dean) . 2 Beckles! (late Rufus), 9ât. 61b. (Under- wood) . 8 Twenty-one ran, or the whole of the ac- ceptors. Betting: 5 to 1 Corangamite, 7 to I Frantic and Medicine, 10 to 1 Busaco and Actress, 14 to 1 Blyth, 15 to 1 Dondi and Trojan, 16 to 1 Daimio, Mikado II, and Banda, 29 to 1 others. At the end ef the first mile Baritone fell, and Jorangamite lost his jockey. Blyth fell opposite the stand. Daimio and Dondi ont ont the running in turna, but at the back Dondi baulked, leaving Daimio at the head of Mutiny, Reoklees, Trojan, Cerberus, Tay forth, Frantic, Busaco and Medicine. Daimio had the field at his mercy on en- tering the straight ; Reckless, Cer- berus, Mutiny, Trojan, Busaco and Ex pootation following. Daimio drew away in the straight and won easily bj ten length« from Cerberus, who came up and beat Reck ! less by a neck. Expsetation, who made up a lot of ground at the finish, was fourth, Busaco fifth, and then followed Medicine, Mikado LI, Trojan, Mutiny. Time Tmia. i sec. JULY HANDICAP.-Of 200 iova. Ona mile. Theodore (Darby).1 Joh» S. (Day) .2 Cressy (Saunders). . 3 Ten ran. Betting : Evens Theodore, 4 to 1 Parthia, 7 to 1 Cressy. Won by half a hmd, three lengths between second and third horses. Time, lmin. 49£-se«. Oran STEEPLECHASE.-Of 200 sovs. About two miles. Guardfish, 9st. 91b. (Clifton) . 1. King Louis, 9at. 121b. (Barr) . 2 Royal Oak, löst. Sib. (Davies) . 3 Sirran. Betting: 2 to 1 Gillie Cruabh (lOst. 111b.), 3 to 1 Royal Oak, 4 to 1 Park- ham (9it.), 7 to 1 Guardfish. Gillie Cruabh. and Parkham fell. Won by four lengths. Time, 4min. 31iscc. 