FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. The amusement fever has subsided. To-night there will be only three places of amusement open in the city. The circuses have gone, the Myriorama remained open only for a week, the Jubilee Singers have finished at the Town Hall, and the only shows remaining are the Pantomime at the Theatre Royal, " The Colleen Bawn " at Hudson's Bijou, and the Cyclorama of the Battle of Waterloo. On the whole business during the holidays was brisk, but some of the amusement purveyors must have regretted their ventures. * * * " The Forty Thieves" at the Theatre Royal continue to attract good houses, chiefly owing to the splendid manner in which the burlesque is staged. The piece itself is of very unequal merit, and but for the quick changes, the handsome dresses, and the beautiful scenery, it would not prove a great source of attraction. The modern pantomime, however, is a peculiarly constructed affair. Mix up music hall songs, ancient puns, feeble localisms, and gorgeous costumes, and you have the pantomime of to-day. Still, the juveniles appear to be satisfied, and as they are the personages chiefly catered for nobody else has cause to complain. But the stage hands certainly ought to get .a call nowadays when pantomime is on the boards. The Liliputians work indefatigably to make " The Forty Thieves" a success, and the cleverness of their training by Mr. Tom Pollard is made apparent time after time. That their forte is not burlesque cannot be helped. Performers of much more mature years are unable to make burlesque the most humorous thing in the world, and youngsters cannot be expected to improve on the work of their elders. That they acquit themselves so well is remarkable, and perhaps it is a lack of judgment which makes Quiz prefer the diminutive artists in the works of Gilbert <fc Sullivan. The above may seem like the carpings of a man who has not yet recovered from a furious attack on Christmas fare, but Quiz is not so dyspeptic that he cannot continue his praise of the Liliputian Company and the excellent stage management. It is his misfortune that he is unable to appreciate burlesque even when given by a Gaiety Company. So far as " The Forty Thieves " are concerned, if a person is not too particular as to what he laughs at, and can thoroughly abandon himself to the spirit of the moment, he will get along very well. It does not do to be hypercritical so early in the new year. The honors of the pantomime are borne off by Masters Harry Quealy and W. Percy and Miss Marion Mitchell. Quealy is a clever come dian, and his dancing is capital. Percy makes rapid improvement, and will be heard of among the adults later on. Miss Mitchell sings as of yore with much taste, and her pretty voice does not show the signs of wear so distressing in the case of some of the other Liliputians. The attendances at the Royal have been good, and there is no doubt that they will continue so until the end of the season. * * * Fitzgerald s' circus and menagerie did excellent business in Wakefield Street until Tuesday evening, when the season came to a close, and since then the show has gone up North en route for Broken Hill. An un fortunate accident happened to Mrs. Fitzgerald on Tuesday, as she was thrown from her horse while riding in the steeplechase. Prompt medical attention, however, averted all danger, and the lady, if not as well as ever, is at all events not very much the worse for her shaking. * * * Montgomery & Moreny's circus closed up at Grenfell Street on De cember 27, and the proprietors after playing at Glenelg and Port Adelaide are now about to enter on a suburban season, thence proceeding southwards. As has been previously stated, the circus is a very good one, and the country trip should be a financial success. VI/ V * ❖ The Continentals have once more caught on, and Mr. Basse need have no anxiety as to the financial issue of his venture. The Exhibition Grounds form a most agreeable lounge during the hot evenings, and so long as the present standard of excellence is main tained in the programmes, so long will the attendance be all that could be desired. On Saturday evening Miss Kitty Grindlay was one of the attractions, and Mr. Harold Kingston was also to have appeared, but he thought better —or worse—of it, and his place was taken at very short notice by Mr. Norman M. Malcolm, who was in capital voice and received hearty applause. On New Year's Night the vocalists were Miss Grindlay and Miss E. W. Oldham. Wednesday evening brought the welcome presence of Miss Ida Osborne, of Williamson & Musgrove's Comic Opera Company, and the enthusiasm with which the popular little lady was received should induce Mr. Basse to extend her engagement for as long a term as is possible. Miss Osborne has never been heard to better advantage, and encores were insisted on at each appearance. Her excellently trained sympathetic voice was a positive treat, and Saturday's concert, when Miss Osborne will again sing (not for the last time during the season it is to be hoped) will be eagerly looked forward to. In response to numerous requests one of the numbers to be given will be "Way Down upon the Suwannee River." Mr. Fred Smith, a tenor from Mel bourne, who only arrived during the day, was unable to do himself justice, and an unwise attempt to take a top note in " The Maid of the Mill" covered the vocalist with confusion. This was a pity, as he had just pre viously given a very good rendering of " The Anchor's Weighed." Mr. Smith, who has been heard in Adelaide before, will probably improve to-morrow evening. * * * Mr. A. L. Cunard is contemplating a country tour with an entertainment in which he will be assisted by Madame Cunard and his clever children, and which will include something of every thing—from music to magic and from mirth to mystery. Quiz has had an opportunity of seeing the programme which is to be presented, and he has no hesitation in saying that his country cousins are likely to have a great treat. Madame Cunard's voca lisation will be highly appreciated, and the mandolin and banjo and the mandolin and guitar duets will be as charming as they will be novel. Mr. Cunard expects to start on his wanderings in the course of a week, and he will visit Mount Barker, Strathalbyn, Goolwa, Victor Harbor, Yankalilla, and Willunga. * * The Fisk Jubilee Singers reaped a holiday harvest at the Town Hall, and their visit has now come to an end. The dark-complexioned ladies and gentlemen have certainly given much pleasure to their audiences, and had money been as plentiful as big gooseberries they would have packed the hall for every night of their season. As it is they have not on the whole reason to be dissatisfied. * sk :k The Belle Cole Concert Company, comprising Madame Belle Cole (con tralto), Madame Emily Spada (soprano), Mr. Philip Newbury (tenor), Mr. Charles Magraith (basso), and Miss Henrietta Murekens (violinist), are expected to leave London for Australia on March 9, and open in Adelaide on April 20, for a season of six popular concerts. After touring the other colonies the company will probably pay a return visit to Adelaide about the latter end of June for the purpose of giving a grand musical festival on the lines of the great Birmingham festival, when a chorus of between 200 and 300 voices will be trained to assist. The artists' names are all in the front rank, and a great treat is promised. Mr. C. J. Stevens has charge of the musical arrangements, whilst Mr. P. A. Howells will undertake the business management. * >Jc 5JC The Myriorama, even with a gift distribution thrown in, did not allure the gentle public, and on Monday evening it gave place to a production -of " The Colleen Bawn," with Mr. J. P. O'Neil as Myles, a character which he represented in Adelaide a few weeks ago. Business has been fair. The Cyclorama of the Battle of Waterloo has had its fair share of ' - f-v public patronage during the holiday season, and the addition of an illusion entitled "Napoleon's Ghost" has been great source of attraction. The management is contemplating other alterations of which Quiz is not at liberty to speak at present, but if one of them should be decided upon it will make the Cyclorama more than ever a popular place of resort. * * * Madame Antionette Sterling, not withstanding her enthusiasm in the social purity crusade, finds time to. think of Australian friends. Mr. H. A. Howells, her business manager out here, has just received from the lady a beautiful gold watch suitably inscribed as a Christmas box. At the seaside. Laura — "How annoying V Flora—" What, dear V Laura—" I have been looking through this field-glass at Choilie Chapps and Maud Everfly down there on the beach, and they are dressed so much alike that I can't tell whether he has his arm around her or she has her arm round him." 