ENSHAW Xnnincv BY Br-Wn™11 f Author of “The Gun-Kunner, a Bomsuo* of Zulu Und,” “’Tween Snow snd Fire," “Through the Zulu Country; Its Battlefields sad its Feople,” etc. CHAPTER XXIII.—Following the Clue. < T«- f.Vaa a lift-la t.imn in iisari t.n nlpAn. I £1 cases a 11LLU3 uun; lu useu ui nicep Ing out in the open,,and on the hard ground, ffiha latter the novice ia apt to find hard in* deed. There is always that refractory lnmp nr stone just under the hip bone, and by the time he has removed this, or shifted his posi tion, he only settles down to find two similar BonroeB of atUiction where there waB but one before. If timid ho will think of snakes, if nervous he will be momentarily imagining ■ome cold, creeping thing crawling over hiB ear or sneaking inside the legs of his trousers. -Add to this the novelty of the situation, and the hundred and one varying voices of the night, which combine to keep him awake, And it follows that however alluring to the -embryo traveller maybe the proBpeot of 4i camping ont,” the reality is lees pleasant 'y—till he gets nsed to it. Benshaw, remarking that their late for. ■■ridable visitant needn’t have wished them good-night quite so loudly, rolled him self in a blanket, and in ten minutes was fast asleep. But Sellon, being new to this kind • of thing, speedily fell a victim to each and all of the little inconveniences above de tailed, and passed a moat uncomfortable and . restless night. The howling of thohyienas, Bungling wiih the shriller “yap” of the bunting jaokal—sounded continuous—then, just aB ho was dropping off into a doze, the lo'nd “ bangh 1 baugh 1 of a troop of baboons On the mountain side, started him wide -awake again, his first impression being that their late visitor was prowling aronnd, in tent on cultivating a closer acquaintance. JTwice, indeed, he did hear that thundrous, muffled roar, which once heard is bo unmis takable, bnt it was in the far distance. On the whole, therefore, all unrested as he was, be felt anything but sorry when his com panion, looking out from under his blanket, Stared at the stars, then leisurely sat up. “By Jove! I’ve been envying you,” growled Sellon. “ You’ve been sleeping like • A log, and I’ve hardly closed my eyes all Bight." “Not, eh? Ah, I forgot you’re not used to this sort of thing. You soon will be, though. Turn in again a little longer while g brew the ooffee.” ’ “ Coffee! Why, man, it isn’t daylight .-yet,” “No, but in a few minutes it will be. However, you lie still. Try and snatch another hour’s sleep. I’ll see to every He was as good as his word. When Sellon awoke—not in another hour, but rather more than two—the sun was already up, bnt bis comrade was nowhere to be seen, nor ■fere the horses. There was the coffee kettle, however, handy by the fire, and Borne biscuit. Having absorbed a steaming cup or two, Sellon lighted his pipe and felt ■better. ' A double report sounded irora some way \- along the river hank then and there. In abont twenty minutes Benshaw returned. •« I’ve been marketing,” he said, turning balf-a-dozen ring doves out of his pocket. *< These little jokers are not half bad when grilled on theooals, and they don’t take long tooook. To-night will he the last time wo Mn make afire, until we find onrselves here •gain—that is, if we come baok this way.” “ Well, I shall go and get a swim,” said Maurice, jumping np and stretohing him self. “A swim P Hold hard. Where will yon get it?” In the river, of course, was the as tonished answer. But Benshaw shook his ’ “ you’d better not try it, Sellon. It isn’t Safe.” “ Why ? Alligators f ” Yes. You can’t go into deep water. But there’s shallow a little way up, where yon can have a good splash. It’s only a matter Of a few inches if you keep close to the bank .—and you must keep clpse to it, too. I’ve been in myseli this morning—and, by the Same token, it’s the last chance of tubbing We shall get. I’ll go as far as the rise and point yon out the place. Half an hour later Sellon returned, rein Vigorated by his bath and clamoring for breakfast. The birds had been plnoked and spread Upon the embers, split open, spatchcock fashion, and when ready afforded onr tra vellers a toothsome breakfast. Then they Saddled up. “ We sha’n’t do our thirty miles to-day.” Raid Benshaw, as they rode along. “We Started too late. Bnt that won’t greatly matter. We have plenty of time, and it’s better to keep the horses fresh than to rnali them through.” “ So it is. Bnt, I say, this place is like the Hmtirara Valley, minus the bush and the greenness.” It was. As they rode on, the desolate Wilderness of the defile inereased. Kooky Slopes sparsely grown with stunted bush, the usual cliff formation cleaving the sky-line. Boulders large and small studded the val ley, lying liko so many houses on the hill tides or piled np in unpleasantly obstructive profusion, right along the line of march. Of janimal life there was little enough. Here And there an armor-plated tortoise Btalking solemnly.among tho stones, or a large bird of prey ciroling overhead—bnt of game, no sign. As the sun mounted higher and higher, pouring his rays into the defile as Ahoogh. focussed through a burning glass, the beat tried Sellon severely. “This ia awful,” he growled, for the fiftieth .time, mopping his steaming face. *• Is it going to be like tins all the way ?” “It may be. Bnt we shall have to do • most of our moving abont at night. We can fake it easy now and off-saddle, and trek on . Again towards sundown. Until we actually ■ begin onr search, I know the gronnd by heart. Come, now, Sellon, yon must koep np your determination. It’s beastly trying, I . know, for an unseasoned ohap; bnt think of the end.’’ “ I believe I'll get a sunstroke first,” was the dejected reply, as the speaker flung liim oelf wearily on the gronnd. :“Nota bit of it. Here, have a drop of liquor—but you’d better take it weak, or It’ll do more harm than good.” And, getting «nt a pannikin, Benshaw ponred in a little ef the contents of his flask, judiciously dilut ing it from the water-skin slang across the paakhorse. This water-skin, by the way, was an in genious contrivance of his own, and of which ■' he was not a little proud. < Like its Eastern v. prototype—upon whioh it was modelled—it oonsisied of a good-sized Angorakid—one of -the legs serving fora spont. “Not a bad dodge, eh?” acquiesced Ben ghaw, in response to his companion's re mark. “The water has. a leathery taste, I admit, bnt it’s better than none at all. I hit Upon the idea when I first began these expe fiufons. Something of the kind was abso lutely essential. Trekking with waggons you oarry the ordinary vaatje (a small, drum •fee concern got loose and rolled the whole . gray down a mountain side—of course, • ■plinteriug to atoms. Besides, this thing jioMs in . re and keeps the water oooler. I mute near dying of thirst that time, being .. ^Iwpe nights and two days without a drop of anything ; for this is a mighty dry country, 1 needn’t tell you.” “ What if the whole yarn should turn out ( moonshine after all ?” said Sellon, with the despondcnoy of a thoroughly exhausted man. *• Xhero’s one thing about it that looks fishy. How could what’s his name—Greenway— wounded as he was, fetch your place in two or three days? Why, it’ll take ns nearly a week to do it—if not quit ." “ That very thing struck me at first,” said RecBhaw, quietly shredding up a piece of lloor tobacco. ‘‘ My impression is, he didn't come back the same way as he went. You see, he knew the country thoroughly. He may have' taken a short cut and come straight over the mountains. For I’m pretty sure the way wo are taking is an altogether round aboutone.” “ Then, why couldn't the fellow have told you the shorter one, instead of sending us ronnd three sides of tho square ?" That's soon explained. In the first place, this way is easier to find, the land marks mors unmistakable, and the travelling better. In the second, yon mnst remember the poor old chap was at his last gasp. It’s a good thing for you, Sellon, that he was, for if he had only lived half an hour longer—even a quarter—he’d have given fuller details, and I should have found the place long ago. Look how dis jointed the last part of his story is—just the main outlines, trusting to me to fill in detail. I tell yon, it was quite pitiable to see the manful effort he made to keep np until he had said his say.” Later in the afternoon, the heat having somewhat abated, they resumed their way, which grew at every mile more rough ana toilsome, between those lofty walls, winding round a spur, only to find a succession of | similar spurs farther on. Then the sun went off the defile, and a coolness truly refreshing succeeded. Renshaw, leading the way, held steadily on, for there was light enough from the great sparkling canopy above to enable them to more than distinguish outline. At length the moon rose. “Look ahead, Sellon, and tell me if yon Bee anything,” said Renshaw at last. “See anything? Why, no. Stop a bit, though,” shading hiB eyes. “ Yes. This ! infernal valley has come to an end. There's a big preoipioe bang ahead of us. We can’t get any farther.” “Not, eh? Well, now, look to the left.” Sellon obeyed. At right angles to the valley they had been ascending, and whieh here opened ont into a wide basin, barred in front by tho cliff referred to, ran another similar defile. “Thereit is," continued RenBhaw, in a satisfied tope. “That’s the ‘long jpoort' mentioned by Greenway—and,” pointing to the right—“ there are the ‘ two kloofs.'" It waB even as he said. The situation corresponded exactly. “We'llgo into camp now," said Ren* shaw. “Let'ssee what you’ll think of my ‘ hotel.' ” Turning off the track they had been pur suing,- Renshaw led tbe .way np a slight acclivity. A number of boulders lay strewn around in a kind of natural Stonehenge. In the midst was a circular depression, contain ing a title water, the remnant of the last rain fall. “ Look there,” he went on, pointing ont a smoke-blackened patch against the rook. “ That’s my old fireplace. Our blaze will be quite hidden, as much as it can be anywhere, that is. So now we'il set to work and make onrselves snug." Untilhebecame tootatigaed to suffer his mind to dwell upon anything bnt his own discomfort, Sellon had been cudgelling hiB brains to solve the mystery of the resusci tated document, but in vain. He was almost inclined at last to attribute its abstraction and recovery to the agency of the dead adven turer’s ghost. But the solution of the mystery was a very simple one, and if Sellon deserves to be left in tbe darkness of perplexity by reason of the part he played in the matter, the reader does not. So we may briefly refer to an incident whioh, unknown to the former, had occurred on the evening of Renshaw's return to his most uninviting home. He had been very vexed over the French leave taken by his retainer, as we have seen. But, when his anger againRt old Dirk was at its highest, the latter's consert, reokoningthe time had come for playing the tramp card, produced a dirty roll of paper. Handing it to her master, she recommended him to take care of it in intnre. Renshaw’s surprise as he recognised its identity was something to witness—almost as great as Sellon’s. He had been going about all these weeks, thinking the record of his precious secret as secure as ever, and all the while it was in the dubious care of a slovenly old Koranna woman. Bat on the eabject of how it came into her possession old Kaatje was retioent. . She | had taken care of it while the Baas was sick —and, but for her it might have been lost beyond recovery. More than this he could not extract—except an earnest recommen dation to look after it better in the future.* However, its {fropitistoiy object was accom plished, and he oould not do otherwise than pardon the defaulting Dirk, on the spot. The fact was, she had witnessed the Btranger's doubtful proceedings and having { her suspicions had determined to watoh him. Wbisti' ehe'aaw 'hUn deUberitely- steal; her master’s cherished “ oharm,” she thought it was time to interfere. She had accord ingly crept np to the open window and reft the paper ont of Sellon's hand—as we have So poor old Greenway's ghost may rest absolved in the matter, likewise the Enemy of manirind and tbe pretematorally accom plished baboon. And, although she did not state as much, the fact was that the Koranna woman had intended to return the document upon Renshaw’s recovery, but had refrained, on seeing him about to take his departure in oompany with the strange Baas, who Bhe dis trusted, and not without good reason. 