ISHMAEL PEB NtLi : AN OUTCOAST. Bx JOSEPH hOOKINGF, Authorr o/ "Jtrbt?. :ascrbrod','I "Z~i'ahl,'? " &'lw ory of.,t!dreo .Fairfax," etc. (Publiahoet by Special Arrangement with Ilessri. Ward, Look, andJ3ocrden, Ltd':) BOOK III. CHapTER XrIL-( C'ent~in~udu.) When would *the fact become known? Whatwould the people say when his absence was discovered? No one would connect his nainm with the event! Heor- could they? They had never been seen together. There could be no danger except-ah! Ishmael know of their meetinge, fbr he had planned some of them! Would he rise up as a witness against him ? No, he had no proof; but the thought of Ishmael as an accuser was "terrible. And all this was the outcome of yielding to that temptation, many, many years before. 'The wages of sin is death!' Who said that? It was in the Bible somewhere, 'but where he did not remember. He had not read the b6ok for'years-it always rebuked him. He had always tried to pray every night, but he never could, his heart was dry. ? He should not go to bed. Ho dared not, lie was afraid. And so he sat hour after hour in. the old library. Old Michael had sat in that library years ago; did he know? had his eyes seen ? Oh, if he could only go mad again ! He was mad when he wrestled with Fraser, he knew he was mad then. When the man whose obedience had meant so much refused to do ]is bid ding, he felt the madness rise within him like a mighty flood, and he could not resist it. He felt a savage joy in doing his work, but now-oh, God help him ! He thought if his children. Bertie, 'his. dolicato, deformed .boy, would be lying peacefully asleep, while Grace, ,' who had all her.mother's goodness, and was far more beautiful, -she was haggard and sad, no doitbt, -because he had pressed this marriage on her. .But it was for their sakes ho had done this thing. He could not bear that they should he poor, despised outcasts, and so he had fought to the end, ay, and he would hold on now, whatever happened. All proof was gone. He' was safe now. Was he though ? Who knew? Islhnaol seemed to know everything; what evidence had he unearthed ? Oh, what a fool ho had boon hot -to discover Ishmael's mission years.be- -fore. All these years he had -bon working unknown to him. He had ?ft~en wondered' what had bobomo 'of -J'udith,' but he had nevoedrcamed that she was to have a son who was to -be a Nemesis. And so on, all through the night, and each hour his agony grew --more intense. Ho cursed Ahez, his father, for traiinighim as hle had donu, he cursed Michael for making :his sin necessary, ho cursed Judith for mak. ing his success so- easy, he oursfed John :Fraser for not obeying him, but more than all ho musod Ishmael, for the way in which he had foiled him and driven him to do his worst, ' " When morning came he went to his bedroom and washed ]his faoe, Ho changed his clothes, too, and removed tallctres of his struggle Hoe must play -his part now, and .play it well, for his children's sake and his own, And so lie sat, down until his usual time for rising, and then he went downstairs with a song on his lips arid hell in his heart, • Both Bortie arid Grace hoardl him humming the song, and they were. glad, for tothem it was an evidence that their father was happy, and ho '-had soomod~vor'y anxious and carowaoru of late, S Presently the1y came down, and their father greeted them both with seeming cheerfulness. Ho playfully roforred. to BrtLio's frequent meotings with Miss .otallilek, and gave Grace - an affectionato kiss,' Thlis they never. suspeCted of the .-terrible fires that -burnt in their father's heart, After boaacfnast- Bortio wended his way towards Coombslohad, while Grace wont towards the crook whore she had lfst'sn'oon [slimnol, It wasFthe first time s-le had left the houso since then, - - ' A- A for Reulon, ho looked hinooalf in thoelibrary again,. ' - Aild' so the ripening time ended, After that'canio- the harvoest, \- '1'.iu-I-.. iNE'n Oi ]lOOic x :Q.OOK.IV, \- :1 {~V]?aT, , OIAVTER~n I. fliOeW IVl IEVUAl, . ''Thorn aro two nnlgeoh Ilnzt nttond unoon • Earlih (na of no, ulzid il tho g?ylOlt book ro nortl ' Our goodl and vly dloeds, . He who wdtlno down '.h1 oo1 oon?tr, ftor oarty noom, ionn •a " Ills volutno, and weouIdH wltlt Ito God, 'I'ho oilier keops hli drund£la daty-book openl U .)J'ill nlnoat, that. wo zany ropoitl whlIoh 'The ronord of ho noton laode naway, ,And loavos Ia ilno of white |oroao tdho pago, 'NiTw ilany inct heo elgood as beliove Ir, It o tll l i?bo roonllod, it Is ah'olady aBonalnd'lp In loavol, as in good doed nooaom , p]l]shod. . .' Tho rc't Is yonra," ' Tho time was te ovonin following ' he night' of the dark. dooe1 on the olls, o. lho plnoo ivn? tih llbrary of Ponnwithon, T?hroughout, h thn mornlng J?Oubon hnd se?t thlero brooding, oremo timoe lioefelt .safo from: nil dangor, at othoer thmas ho trembled at ovary sourd, When luhoh· wa overo ho ouiild stn y "..indoor -no ': longor, an hle had ordoroel his ,horse o o)0. ,··~~~ . saddled, anrid:had ridden to Tintagel, ostensibly on business, but really to hear what people wore talkiug about. To his surprise, iiothing Was' said of Fraser. No one kie-iv of his dbath. MLen had been working along the coast all the morning, but no dead body hed, been soon.. -,'ideptly: the sea'had ndt giveniu.p3 its dead. Wall, so much the bettor for him. Perhaps the body might float for days, and then bewashed on 'the beach at- Pad stow, or New Quay,or Bude. It might be tlat' no one wobild. conneot it with John Fraser. That worthy had told his tap-room .companions agaiu' dnd again thiat he should go to America, where .there was room ,for a man of his talents; and so suspi-. cions wouild be !diverted into other channels;. Well, he . should say nothing. A great longing came to him to go to the scene of the struggle, but he' said he woild 'not be weak enough for. that. He had hoeaid of many murderers being discovered in that way, but he wo'uld not be so 'foolish.. And so he rode back to Penwithen for dinnor, and appeared gay and happy' all the' time, but direotly the meal'concluded he looked himself in the library again. A fire burned 'cheerfully' in the grate, the lamp on the table sent out cheerful light, end Reuben enjoyed his comfertable surroundings. He had not partaken of much dinner, but, contrary to his usual custom, he had drunk 'several glasses of wine, and thus, for the time, was dushed with a false courage. In an hour or two its influence would leave him, but at pro sent its power was grateful. RHe'had.sateiabout au' hour when a knock came to the door, and, on his opening it, a servant gave him a note. 'Any. answer, Susan ?' lie said ab sently. " . ..' ' : 'No, sir ; the boy who brought it is gone.! 'Do you know the boy ?' 'Yes, sir; it was Jane Hendy's boy -she as was servant 'ere years agone. 'Ah, thank you, Susan.' .R He spoke moreo kindly than- usual. He wanted dvery eone to think him cheerful and satisfied. Helocked the door again,'however, and, sitting down in his armchair, opened the envelope, 'After that he looked at the address. It was ovidently written by a woman who had had little practice in the art of writing.. Thus it ran: 'to mr. Ruben ponwithn ' up to Penwithn.' - ' Vho can this be from ?' he mused, and then taking out the letter, read as follows: 'respected sur. 'i ope'yu will souse me for ritin, yew was agood maaster to me up to your ouse, an i thot yu wud lilte to no wot was goin on, so i am ritin this. bout ten~ o'clock this mornin ' that ' black. aire -chap called Ishmul who -do live up to Coomshed, comed in 'ere sos he ard to work MIissus Hendy. iss says i;,tis a lot ardor being marrid .than bein in sarvice 'like' i woe up to penwithn,i was Janiio'lriokett then, an 'ad a good time cos maaster ponwithu wos sioh a good maastor, says i;. ho's a villin see ee, no sh thing sos i, ee was a good mnaster to me of ever there was one, look ore see eo, cos no rite to be there, an somebody ols will be there soon, git away .soe i, for i never did like that .chap, eo allays made me feel oal creopy like, well sos eo you naw mrs. heady that ee do ave curyus ways, and 'cove got a.saoret, ive found it outir le got the thing hove bin hidin for years, an you will soon see a now manster to penwithn, tie in my pocket sees ee slappin his jaokot, andl ec laffod oal ouryns like see ee i aint a bin lookin ool thaise years fur nothin, wet do oo main sos i, yu will soon naw sos eo then ce shawed his tooth again an looked strange round the 'eyes and wont of. theon -i sos to my. self mr ponwithn shud naw this 'bui i beant well nuff to walk fur at presont sb i send my little boy without tellin anybody your obedient sarvont jane HRndy, 'to mr, Rubon Poenwithnt ' ' up to penwithn. p a please sur ve said something bout your soon bein in Bodmun jail.' When Reuben finished reading this epistle he was trembling like an aspen leaf; when hoe had read it the second time. a cold sweat stood on his'fore. 'head. Was the man a demon'? How could lie have found it? Did the letter refer to the will at all? eHe remembered Jrane Rondy as a gossip. lng girl who had been servant at Penwithen, but who was, neverthe less, honest and truthful, , 'Could it bo that it had' come to light after all these years? What was the use 'of last night's terrible deed now? 'While he .was struggling with Fraser, who he 'be lioved was. the essential' link, ':thls' Nemesis must by some 'moans have 'discovered the secret hiding-place and found what he had sold his soul to obtain, 'Oh, devil; thou art ahard master!' le cried, 'Twonty-fivo years have I kdbpt this thing a secret, and now it will come to light, 1 Shahl be hissed at, stoned, driven 'out of the noeghbour hood, Oh, father, why did you roar. meo tr this ? Margery b oudgo, did you tempt me for this? Come back, you old hag; come from your grave and tell me what I am to do ' Ho road the lottoera third time, 'Yes, it' was 'plain enough, Re' hiad hid it all tleso years; last nlght he hInd'talcen the life of his follow-man to preserve his secret, and all for this, lven his chlldron would loathe him, Stop, thoughl He must tlihl~, think, ' Supposing the will were found, suppolse shmael did .his worst, Wh-at wouhld be the eonso; quoneo ? Tho game might not be lost, Who could say the wlli was gontlno ? ohldl hle not urge that it had boon Porged? Who was Ishmanel. ? nameless man, comparatively, with unnlown attooodonts, ' Who ,would gain. byltuo, will .. Islhmae l.'ind his mothier. Well, the mother had 'boon looked upon as mad, while Ishmael wasgreatly avoided as a mysterious character.. .He"would claim that the will ·was a forgery'; and then if the 6aise was'decided 'against them they would 'be transported. At least, Ishmael would. "Ah, the case was not so bad. For~ who could'prove, the will genuine? NCo one.; The two witnesses were dead. Margory had died years before ; as for John Frasor, he would never be heard ofcagain. Who would accept" Ishmael's state ment? No one. He was a magis trate himself, and he knew. A man of his standing in the county would. b ebeliered a thousand times before 'this man. ' Yes; he would fight tbo the end. He road the letter again, and his mind turned into a different, channel. Mlight not this bho a hoax? 'No'doubt Jane Handy had written the letter, no doubt, too, 'Ishmael hdd spoken to her; but had he not done this to frighten him ? Should he go to Jane. 'ondy and speak to her? No; that would give' credence to Ishmaol's statement, for,' bf course," there must be no will. No, no, Iehmael could never have found it,. Why, the place was unknown, and even if it was known, a hundred men might search and never find it A darkr hole diffi cult to see,· and then--no, no, it: could notbe! ' Again he perused the letter, and the more he felt confirmedin his opinion. He looked at his 'watch. It was nine o'clock. He wont to the vindoi, and looked out. It was a wild night.' The skry was leaden, and the' winds howled fiercely. The:pale' crescent of the moon could not be seen, He could barely see the trees'which surrounded theo house, but between thoe gusts of 'wind he could hear the leaves drbpping from the branches, which were fast becoming bare. The winter was com ing on early. - Heo went back to his chair and sat down again. He must know the truth of this, he cduld not rest umtil lie was sure. It was essential that he should 'be certain, so that he might make his' plans accordingly. ' .He'had made up his mind to. keep indoors during the evenings; last night's work had un strung his nerves and made him weak. Theomomory. of it was toeriblo. Still, the work was done, and he would no longer be harassed 'in that direc tion. Oh, if Ishmael floated by his side I' 'YYes, I'll go and see,' he said, at length; 'it'll be a terrible. journey, but I'll go.' He looked at his watch again and considered,' ' ' a ' The tide will be at it's heiht at half-past eleven,' he mused; by half past twelve I can got along at the foot, of the cliffs, If I start from hero at about a qudirtor to 'twelve I shall' be able tb manage easilyj:liI weoner if there is any' truth in 'the old 'folks' stories? I wonder whether the ghosts of miirdered.pooploe d:appear at night time? It'll.'be a 'terrible journey; but-yoe', I'll go; I shall never ;est till I'm certain,' He got up and looked in the glass;' 'I look an old man,' he said, as he ?azed on the reflection of'his haggard Caee. 'Another twenty-four hours like the last has been and my hair will be' white. Yes, another hour, and it'll be tweontyfour hours since I did it. Oh, I never thought it would' come to 'this!' . He sat down again, and rocked to and fro in his misery, 'I'd better give it up,' he cried, 'I'd better, go to Ishmael. and make torms with'him. He'll surely be will ing to makeo arrangomdnts.' I can give himrn raoc's dowry. 'Vhat if 'it does destroy the marmageo arrangements ? Grace would'be glad, I can see that she hates the thought of marrying eotalliklr, oven although she's sacri ficing herself for my sake, I wonder if he would, now? No, no, I'll not ask a favour of him; I'll fight to the end; lose or win, I'll do it!' :(T2ab £o 'oenittnrtd,) 