AN EPISCOPAL CONSE CRATION AT ST. PAUL'S CATHE DRAL. INTERESTING CEREMONIAL. ROBED IN ROCHET AND OHIMERE. THE NEW BISHOP. For the first time in the history of this colony, tbo ccremoaul ordained by the Book of Common Prayer for the cuitecrstion of a Bishop, was employed this morning at St. Paul's Cathedral. IlUherto anr bishop, rira havo been filled by divines irom ttte siotber Country, .ami the historic seats of Icarniug by the banks of the classic Cam aud Isis, have pro vided lbs BCD of learning aud piety wbo < have SDstslned the dignity and repute of tho cpforapasy iu ibii co'liii.tv. llut lulci..,-, ceremony marks a new era, and ono of an important significance to tho church ia these colonics. A product of Victorian scholar ship this morning knelt at tlif altar aud had tiiil upou his head the consesrating bauds of the right rovereml father, whom he is new entitled to call his epincopal brethren, Dr Grocn, the new Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, is h graduate of tho Uoiversity of Melbourne. Trinity Collcga has the honor of having turned out the first locally consecrated biihop. It was at this colloa that the new prolate graduated, and followed a brilliant course, carrying ell in triumph the Bromley prize for Biblical Greek, tho Bowen prize, the scholarship in history and political economy, and an exhibition in arts and natural science. Ho was ordninid a deacon by Bishop Moorhou.xo in ta80. Tho bishopric has Icon conferred upou Dr Green by tho Synod of tho Dicponn over which he Is haucofoith to preside. It may be as well to oxplaiu the dlfforaoes iu the method of selecting bishops In theje demo cratic colonics ss compared with tho method in tlio homo of tho Church of England. Iu the old country whoro the church is an sp- panago of tho State, a dlocuso has but a nomiual aud totally inellicscloui voice in tho Mlectiou of a bishop, Actu illy iho appoint ments are made hy tho Prima Minister of the day. By a charter of 1214, King John granted that bishops should bu elected freely by tho deacons ami chapters of the cathe drals. But that freedom has been inodlGed in thu coursa of centuries, and now, though tho Crown grants to the desu and chapter io a oca where a bishop Iim to he elected, nominal petver to elect, the writ of « Congo dKlirc"h it, variably accom. panted by a letter ccnUininv tho name of tho peraon whom they are to elect. The den aud chapter arc thereupon bound to elect thu person so nsmcd by tho Crown within twelve days, in default of which tho Crown has pjwer to appoiut tho nominated clerio without tho consent of the dean and chapter. The qualifications for a bishop uf tho Church of England are that he ritall he learned, at leatt 30 years of ego, born in lawful wedlock, and of good life and behavior. The consecration service is very anuient and very simple. Thn form of it hai been in use for ccnturiee, and doer not differ es sentially from tho form used in tho Iloinan Catholic Church, from which, indcod, it was taken by the compilers of tho Prayer llook. Even the Consecration Ilymu utile same as that used In the Iloinan form, namely, the "Veui, Creator Spiritm," said tu havo been composed by St. Ambrose, and rendered into thu metrical verse iu wnicli we liaro it in rite English veraion— M Como Holy Ghost Our Souls Inspire"— by (U is supposed) John Drydon. Tho clmtch sorvico intimates that the cobiecration of a bishop should take place in Ember weeks, ami it it alto under stood—according to the canon of tha Kioeno Council— that there must be tear, or at least throe, bishop i prcscut at the cooaecralion, to lay bands on tho new mem ber of tbo Kplecupscy. The rubric indicates that aiter tho couie- c ration prayor, then shall tho bishop elect put ou the rent of thu Episcopal habit." By this is meant thu rochet which with t hochimor constitiite the robes of a biahop of tbe Eng. lisb Church. Tbe rochet is the gar ment of lawn and tlio chitnsro is the bUek-satio cope-like robe, opening in front, worn over the rochet. Frequently the full lawn sleeves worn by ths bishops are attached toLbe chimerc, bnt this is oondemoed by the authorities as ths improper mode. Indeed, tbo M baggy" sleeves, oftcu frilled and |accd at the cuffs ia the most ornate manner, which bishops nowadays affect, find no favor at all with some authorities. Dean Hook condemns their "prspnjt-rous fulnejt" as a "modern iavautiou.' Bishops, how ever aro snbjeot to fashions like ladies, aud a prelate of tho period, in full canouicals, looks very much as though he had a balloon on each arm. Formerly tho chimera was of scarlet, but in tho reign of Queoa Elizabeth, Bishop Hooper considered that this color wus too brilliant for so lober an offico, and at bis instance tho scarlet woa altered to blaok, although scarlet ia sometimes woro. Really, however the black satin is iinch more effective than the scarlet, especially when (as is uaual) the biihop weara with it his scarlet doctor's academical hood, which makes a splash of brilliant color against his baek. Tho interest in'the ceremony on tho pork of the public was she wn by tho eager compe tition for places in the Cathedral this morn- ing. Long before tho ilours wcro opened thero wcro large crowds round all the doors, md very soou after admittance was allowed every scat in ths building had been taken. The arrangements wcro perfectly tuado and At 1! o'clock tho procession entered the Catnedrol, headed by the Vergar, with tbe Bishop ot Melbourne aud tha Bishop of Bsllarat at the rear. -Six bishops took part in the procession and thu ceremony, exclusive of tho Bishop Elect, namely, the Bishops «vl Uiverina, Adelaide, Newcastle, (loulborn, Melbourne and Balfarar. Slowly, to the hymn, Tbc Chntcb's ono Foundation, the loog column, whito robed and stately, filed up tbo uxvc. After tha Verier cams the choir, ibeu tho clcruy of Bsllarat, Uraftau and Armidale and Melbourne, followed by tbo actiug minor cations, tho proceuior, the cathedral chapter, the buhop elect and tha bishops with their chaplains. Dr Grton walked in his ordioary priest's surplice and stole, and the scarlet and blue hood ot a doctor of laws of Sydney Univeraity. The timo for assuming the episcopal robel had uot yet arrived. Tkc clergy iu tho proccs. aion tramborcd 1 13. The sorvico was commcuccd by tho Bishop of Balfarat, tho ritual of the Holy Com" munion being tho ordinanco appointed for celebratiou on occasions of episcopal conse cration. Tho cpistlo was read by the Bishop of Kewcastlo, aud the gospel of the day by the BUhop of Melbourue. Tho nermou was delivered by tho Hiuhop of Goulburn, frotu tbe words of Psalm xlv., versa 17 : "Instead of thy failure thou abalt havo children, whom thou mayeat make princes m all lands." Alter the sermon Ihe Bishop-olcctwas con ducted by Im chaplains to tho vestry, whero he put on the episcopal rochet, the choir in tho meantime staging thu anthem, "Send out thy Light." Tbea Dr Green returned, robod attnply in the rochet, and approached the Ssoior Biihop (Dr Thornton) who performed the functions usually performed by an Arch biihop v.'li'n the octisec.-Mion takes placo in England. Ita was presented by thu Bishops of Melbourne and Newcastle, and tho certificate of his olection by the Syuoil having been handed in the litany wan chanted, and the question of examination wcro put. This done, tho Bishop-elect retired again to "put on the rent of tho episcopal habit," Dr- Gieenreturmug robed fully in rochet anil ohimere, aud wearing Ids doctor's hood. After the consecration prayer the whole of tbo bishops present grouped around the Bishop of Bsllarat, with tho crook held nlott in thu background, laid hands altogether oi. thu head of the.Biihop elect, Dr Thornton saying the words of cm- Mcratiou. Thereupon Dr Green arose, duly ordained Biinop of Grafiuu and Arm! Subsequently the bishops, clergy, and laity culebraied the Holy Comnrauion, and the ceremony wis at an end. Diu GUKXN— THK.NMV UHIIOJ. 