/li(lRXT6Ll-&R; I [?] I Br V J LAN lilDDLEMASS: CHAPTER VI. — (Continued.) " When you return to Coleshill what do you mean to d> ?" Sir Miles asked at last, rather suddenly, and Lisbeth looked very hot and shy as she stammered out that she did not know. " Would it not be as well to sell or let the cottage and take a situation?" he asked. ' Lady Maroia Foljambe or Lady Gertrude Dun raven would, I am sore, interest them selves in obtaining one for you." Lisbeth shivered from head to foot, as if a sudden gust of oold wind had entered the room in which she sat. Lady Gertrnde Di\n- raven interesting herself for her ; great heavens it was more than she could bear ! She managed, however, to suppress her emotion, and to say — " I do not know it I could go to service. I am not accustomed to other people's ways, and I have never been trained." " You are not too old to learn, and you are clever and quick," he said, laughing. " But have you formed no plan for your future life?" " Perhaps I might nurse sick people or take in cauaren to unng up. x snouia jure to stay on at the cottage, but it all depends on " " On what ?" he asked, still thinking she had learnt about her father ; whereas she was thinking of Clement. " Well, on a hundred and fifty things," she answered. "I can settle nothing until I get home and have righted the old place up a bit. But it is very kind of you, Sir Miles, to interest yourself in me, and I feel truly grate ful to you." " You will let me help you — if I can ?" be enquired, speaking earnestly. " Remember we are very old friends. I can recollect you as a tiny child when you used to ride about on old Josh's back. Promise you will let me help you.'' The tears c&me; into Lisbeth's eyes. " If you can help me I promise to ask you," she said, "bat I expect I shall just have to work on like other women. Now I think I must be going. I have already taken up too much of your time." She rose as she spoke, and putting on her gloves, while Sir Miles paid the bill, they left uie resMuxcLuu vugccuei. Once in Oxford street they both unthink ingly looked round to see that her importun ate waylayer was not in sight. He had departed, in all probability never again tc cross Lisbeth's path ; but someone far more to be feared in the future met them face to face and stopped to speak in a jeering tone. The new-comer was Pieroe Vaughan. ' CHAPTER VII. — Raising a Ghost. I It is the month of roses- Glorious sunny June. The gardens round Abovne Court are radiant with perfume and the house, too, is filled with sweet fragrance, for Lady Ger trnde worships beauty in all its forms, and roses are her especial passion. Lurious old china bowls trom almost every known pottery manufacture both in and out of Europe, 6tand about in unexpected nooks and corners and are filled everywhere with the queen of flowers. But in the library is the greatest piofosion. It is Lady Gertrude's favorite room, and it was Sir Louis', perhaps for the reason that it is the sunniest in the. house, and from it, French windows open en to a terrace, beyond which lies the lawn and a panorama of fer tile scenery stretching far away for miles. The library is scarcely, however, the staid, boskwormy room it was before the old baronet died. With new heirship have come new ways and, Sir Clement professing him self to be absolutely indifferent as to what changes are made, Lady Gertrude has filled the room with her woman's knick-knacks, al most to the obliteration of the ponderous tomes which still hold their own on the book-, shelves. It is in the library that Lady Ger- 3 trude receives her intimates for five o clock i tea, the drawingroom being reserved for gala \ <toys, of which as yet there had been none. Sir Clement is averse to any large gather- ing, giving as au excuse, the plea that it is too soon as jet after his uncle's death for them to invite their friends, except quite quietly. In this no one can gainsay him, yet it is scarcely Clement Dunraven's real motive for objecting to society. The fact is he is a changed man since his marriage, is perpetu ally starting at shadows, and tne intercourse with his fellows, in which he used to delight, now frightens him. He skulks about the grounds for the most part alone, and is the very shadow of the once genial Clement, in spite of his accession to wealth and title and the fact of his being the possessor of Jthe most charming little wife in all the country-side. Everyone notices the change, even Lady Gertrnde, so backward, as a rule, to think there is aught amies with her Ciement. They are standing together at the library window, looking oat over those broad acres which are all his now. Her hand is on his shoulder, her pretty eves are looking up into his face. mm rrri t _ «i /mi - « « w « vvnat aus you, uiem aarimar, 1 reel sore that you have some worry. Why not confide in your own Gerty ? You will never have a truer or more sympathetic friend than your wife." " There is nothing the matter, Gerty. I have told you a hundred times. What a nuisance it is to ask these foolish ques tions." She shook her head and pretended not to see the irritability of manner by which these words were accompanied. " You are deceiving me, you naughty darling. If nothing is worrying you, why are not you cheery and laughing, as you used to be ?' " I suppose because I have responsibilities now which I had no& then. One cannot always be a hoy, my child. A good deal de pends on me now which I had not to think of a few months ago. You forget that I am a staid Benedick." She turned from him with a pout. " Tb&tis; just it; you are sorry you married me, and jou never cease-regretting it." What could he say ? How answer this unexpected outburst. Was it not the truth ? His answer somewhat astonished her, it seemed to come so really from his heart. " Gerty, never, never say that again. Un less you wish to make me too horribly un happy, never upbraid me by saying I regret the day I married you." And yet, did he not regret it more and more, each hour he lived ? Ay, regretted it i the more intensely because he was learn ing to love, after a fashion, this dainty, bewitching little Gertrude, who loved him so well. She was not the passionate desire of his heart, as had been Lisbeth, nor could he ever feel that ardent longing for any other — . It. InnnJ omnof fiflrfrnflo WOlllBU J clllly Uv I wti BUWWM VVW And by the strange anomalous crooked ness of his nature it was Lisbeth not Ger trude whom he had of late beguu to regard as the intruder. If the truth ever came out, he would lose Gertrude — there lay his fear. He could trust Lisbeth, ay, to the death ; then why need he quake? Yet it would be better if she were dead— she and her child, whose existence was such a reproach and re morse to him. Could he fee a really happy man until they' were both laid in their graves. . _ Each day he was more and more impressed, with the feeling that release from suffering would only come with their deaths, and yet there seemed, no chance of either of them dying. They were both well and strong. He must hear his burden as lightly as he could, and make life as bappy as possible for the dftgy confiding little wife who had trusted, him so completely that she had asked no questions about his past. It was therefore a terrible shock to him to discover that she fancied he regretted his marriage. Hedid not regret it; was not Lady Ger trude the woman in the right place, far more fitted to be chatelaine of Aboyne Court than the lowly Lisbeth? He could he perfectly happy and contented with his lot if fear and remorse, those twin demonesses, would not obtrude themselves so freely and render his life one long agony. And if Gertrude's voice were to be mingled upbraidingly with these ceaseleBs reminders, life would become utterly unbearable. Hence the sharp cry he uttered in answer to her suspicions. She knew at once that she had wounded him, and tears of sorrow and repentance came into the eyes that gazed into bis. " My Clem, my beloved," she said, « for give me. It was mere foolishness that made me speak so. You have spoilt mo until I have grown reckless of speech and taunted you with what I know does not exist. For give me— you will ?" Her arms were about his neck and his head drawn down to her level, so that she could imprint a loving kisB on his lips, when the door opened and the burly butler an nounced-- " Mr Pierce Vaughan." Always, as usual, on the wrong spot at the wrong moment, Pierce Vaughan walked in with the stereotyped Mephistophelean smile which usually irradiated his sinister counte nance. The husband and wife sprang asunder, both thoroughly annoyed. To be caught spooning by Pierce Vaughan was another drop added to Clement's cup of bitters, while Lady Gertrude, who, owing to his assumed air of superiority was always a little bit afraid of Pierce, writhed under the conviction that he was laughing at her for being a little fool. So he was, but for a very different reason to any little Lady Gertrude would ever have guessed. He did not appear to have noticed anything unusual on his entrance, and held out his hand to the present owners of Aboyne f Court with much apparent cordiality. _ J " We have not seen you for some time, Pierce," said Sir Clement a little drearily. " Where are you staying ?" " At Lady Maroia Fol j umbo's. She is the only individual about hero who ever invites me now Sir Louis is dead. " What a reproach," cried Lady Gertrude, " unmerited, too, for we have been away so much, and are scarcely settled here even now. Of course, you know you are as welcome now as you were in Sir Louis time. Are you not Clement's cousin r" She looked round at her husband expecting him to endorse this almost gushing welcome, but she was disappointed by the very cool manner in which he said : a Very glad to see yon, Pierce." He would not have said it at all if he had not been absolutely compelled, and no one knew this better than Pierce, although he smiled and showed his white teeth and to all outward appearance accepted in all good faith, the very general invitation that had been given him. Eor a few minutes they all three talked cordially enough on topics of interest in con nection with their neighbors. Then, Lady Geitrade having rung for tea, Sir Clement rose when it came in and said, not beiDg a tea-drinker he would leave Pierce to her tender mercies as he wished to give his bailiff some orders before the men left off work. Had Sir Clement Danraven been a man who thought seriously before he acted, he would probably not have been weighted by the heavy load of trouble which now op pressed him, and very cer tainly it was not the least foolish thing he ever did when he left Pierce Vaughan alone with Lady Gertrude ; not that Pierce had any idea of making love tp her, although he had professed himself to be one of her suitors before marriage. He was far too careful a mairto commit himself by a flirtation with another man's wife, but there are other ways of ruining conjugal peace besides loye-making. He had had a long walk and was rather tired, he remarked, : and the lady havingtothing to do but amuse and be amused, they settled themselves down for a good chat about everything and every body. What Pierce Vaughan said, he would pro bably never have said if the opportunity had not been, as it were, made for him. He cer tainly had had no intention of doing more than what he called "look up his relations" when he started for a visit to Aboyne Court. Clement Dunraven had given him one lead by going indiscreetly away ; Lady Gertrude gave him a second by an unwary question. "Do you not think Clement is very changed, and looks as if he had some terrible worry ?" she asked as she handed him his second cup of tea. " I have seen very little of him since his marriage," replied, Mr Vaughan, "but I cannot help recognising the fact that he is changed." " He says it is the responsibility of being a landlord that weighs upon him." " Oh ! I should not have given Clement credit for having scruples." " What do you meen ? All conscientious people must have scruples et times." "And you consider Clement to be very conscientious — conscience is sot, as a rule, a highly- developed masculine quality." " Oh, Mr Vaughan ! How can you talk so?" He laughed cynically. " Believe me, Lady Gertrude, we are all sad dogs, and I don't fancy Clem is any better than the rest of us. At any rate, he never used to be. What reformations you have brought about, of coarse, I am no judge cf, but for the present I sm not inclined to believe in them." Lady Gertrude looked very serions, and for a moment or two did not speak ; then she said : " I wonder what you mean, and I wonder now what Clement meant when he told me on the evening that he asked me to be his wife, that he was not a man r tght to trust. And that if I did so, it was at my own risk." " Clement told you tbis ?" And Fierce Vaughan seemed exceedingly surprised, and momentarily startled out. of his sang froid he unconsciously drew his chair a few paces nearer his hostess. " He did. But why does it astonish you so much ?" " I did not think — well, to tell the. truth, I did not think he would have dared." " Hot dare to tell me. You forget he was asking me to be bis wife." " There are some episodes in a man's life, dear Lady Gertrude, that a wife is the very last person to be told of. I, for instanoe,. should never have made any reference to Clement's past if he had not done so him- self." " You know, then — know that there is something worrying Clement, and about which he will not be explicit ?" " I can imagine that it may be so." " And you will tell me what it is, so that I mav use all the means in my power to re move this annoyance ?" " You ?" "Do not say you in that tone, Mr Vaughan. Is it so very strange that I should wish to make my husband happy ?' 41 Impossible. It is quite impossible for vou to do anything in tbis matter. Besides, unless Clement tells you the whole truth himself I will certainly not do so. I could not betray confidence." < I mil ask him the first time I have an opportunity," she said natively, as though she fully expected that to ask was to receive the information she wanted. . . Pierce Vaughan smiled and wondered what sort of an explanation her inquiries would call forth. Very certainly he himself could not have given a full one since, he knew no more of Clement's affairs than that to which gome suspicions pointed. It was therefore cot only wise, but imperative that he should deal in innuendoes. ' " There was a letter once," went on Lady Gertrude, murmuring almostln herself, " X would not read it ; it came the day before our marriage." " A letter 1" And in spite of himself a blush spread over his usually pallid face. She did not notice, -however. She was too much engrossed by the subject that was so near to her. " Yes, it was signed by a woman ; I forget the name and was accompanied by one from an anonymous well- wisher. I gave them to Clement and he burnt thein both. You see I could not in honor accept any anonymous communication. Fancy setting such a low, cowardly warning in the dark against "v Clement's truth." " And he explained the matter ?" "Of course. He said all. men had had then: youthful escapades; that he was no better or worse than others. Just what you say yourself, Mr Vaughan, that it does not do for a wife to pry too closely. I am sure I am not ourioas, and if Clement did not look so unhappy and worried 1 should not ask a jingle question about his past. I do wish you would Help me to put everything quite right for him." " I would do a great deal for you, Lady Gertrude, but in this matter I do not see how I can help you. You are evidently not aware that Clement, although he is my first cousin, entertains no friendly feeling towards me. Why', I cannot say. since we have been more or le-s brought up together, unless from the fact that I know more about his. affairs than quite pleases him." " I am sure Clement would never dislike you for this, if you are good and kind to him," cried Lady Gertrude, warmly. Pierce Vaughan shrugged his shoulders. " There is, perhaps, another reason," he said, ' why Clement does not - especially affect me. You know the old lines, Forgiveness to the injured does belong But those ne'er pardon who have done the wrong." "And how does that apply to Clement?" " If Clem had not undermined my position - with my uncle, I should not he the pauper I am to-day." " Oh, Mr Vaughan, how unjust, Clement is incapable of doing snch a thing. I have heard him several times express bis regret that you had not a larger sum of money left you, and that he should like to make it up." " Mere words, dear Lady Gertrude. It is very likely that he would give money to me when he married you in order to get thu plaoe and the fortune. Sir Louis insisted on the marriage ; if he had refused he would have been disinherited." Lady Gertrude became crimson, then deadly pale, so much so that Fierce got frightened and thought he had gone too fax and hastily began eating his words. 41 1 don't say he did not care for yon, dear Lady Gertrnde ; what man could do other wise " " Enough, Mr Vaughan,' cried Lady Ger trude, drawing herself np with dignity, " we have already talked too much about Clement and his affairs." This wound to her self-pride reminded her keenly of her wifely duty. He forth withaccspted the dismissal of the subject. He knew as well as she did that enough had been said to leave a far deeper wound than Lady Gertrude had any idea of ; only one thing more he must do, he mast : take care of himself. He rose to take hiB leave ; as she gave him her hand, he bent over it — " I will never say another word about these matters," he said, <( unless yon begin the conversation, and I do hops you will make me one promise." " What is it ?" " Never to tell Clement of our talk to-day. Do not sow further dissension between us by giving him cause to dislike me. I spoke in confidence which J already regret, since I am striving my utmost to forgive Ciement any injury he may have done me, and I do so wish that we may all be good friends — You mil promise ?" "I promise, Mr Vaughan. I would not make any mischief between yon and Clement for all the world." He kissed the little band he still held, and without further observation went away to stroll back across the fields to Lady Maroia Foljambe's. For a long half hour after he left her Lady Gertrude sat very still and looked as white and scared as if she had seen a ghost. And so, indeed, she had, a ghost that would stalk uy nor tsme, nur leave ner during tne rest oi her pilgrimage. Can there 1>9 a drearier or more cheerless companion of oar way than suspicion of one we love. One, too, that eticketh close, for nei'her by night nor day does the treacherous fear ever desert us. When Pierce Vaughan introduced this ever- stalking fiend into Lady Gertrude's, until now, happy confiding life, was he not committing a moral murder that shou'd be subject as an actual one to the utmost rigor oi the law ? Nor was he any the happier for his base innuendoes, to judge from bis face and look as he sauntered slowly across the fields. He had sown the seed of dissection that might bring Clement Dunraven's ruin, yet he scarcely felt the Satanic triumph he ex pected. It was rather a nauseous feeling of dread lest he himself should ba caught in his own net, that pursued him and made him al most regret that he had been beguiled into this talk with Lady Gertrude. Then he roused himself with a strong effort and tried to rid himself of the oppressive fears, for was he not playing for a large stake ? - Sir Louis Dunraven's will was a strange one. No one knew its power and value better than Pierce Vaughan, rich as he wa in a lawyer- like acumen. The contents of the will had been, by Clement's desire, kept concealed from Lady Gertrude, or she would have known what she had learnt as news to-day, that Clement would have forfeited Aboyne Court and itB concomitant fortune if he had not married v < the only daughter of the F«rl of Mtibuiy. The marriage had taken place and the disposal of the old baronet's fortune hadbeen arranged — Sir Miles Berkeley being executor —with the family lawyer; what need waB ; there for Pierce Vaughan to meddl© ? He had merely lett him £5,009 as a legacy, which Pierce regarded as a mere pittance, and made ho farther mention of his ' name. ' " .-A1 ;-.v Like many another clever man, Sir Louis' had considerably overshot his mark in- this will. SEE d00b opened and the butler announced—" hb pierce vaughan" ... » : _ _ 1 forth in making? honest Sir Miles Berkeley hisfexecutor ; he did not seem to recognise that, as circumBtanoeB alter oases, the posi tions, of the two cousins would change, and that bad blood, unless they were absolutely saints, must be the outcome of this test amen - \- &ry; document. There was yet another clause in the will, nore perplexing and calculated to prodnoe greater difficulties .than that of the enforced carriage ; it was to the effect that, should Clement Dunraven at any time become livorcid from Lady Gertrude, hy any fault ftf his own, the estates were to pass away from him to his son and heir if he had one, if not, to Pierce Vaughan as next of kid. Sir Lonis Dunraven, with all his shrewd ness, had soarcelytaken then the measure of his pet nephew, his sister's Son, or he would scarcely have left such an instrument in the hands of a man as sordid and cunning as was Pierce Vaughan. Base and degenerate as had been Clement Danra ven's act he was by nature not nearly so wicked a man as his cousin. Clement's vSees were tbe result of weakness, he could not resist temptation, whereas the other had a splendid facility for conducting intrigue and, given a sufficient time fer development, would probably not stop at crime. Up to the present moment, however, Clement had outwitted bis clearer-headed cousin, for he was far from disoovering the secret of what was really darkening the life of the present owner of Aboyne Court. About half a mile from the house the two men passed each other, only a hedge between them, but neither wished to speak. Pierce felt keenly alive to the mischief he had done his cousin daring the last half hour, and Clement never cared to look Vanghan in the face. He was always afraid of how much he knew and to a certain extent gave him credit for gnarding a silence, which he most assuredly would not have maintained for ten minutes. Whether he felt assure about this silence when he reached home and found Lady Gertrude looking pale and somen hit red about her pretty eyes, is doubtful. But he nnnld nut learn the nan a a of her depression. She would not give her new suspicion words ; it was as yet too young to be altogether a tangible form ; she most wait and watch. Meantime she was tender and loving to her Clement. She would not be prejudiced against him simply on Pierce Vaughan's testi mony, for, womanlike, thongh when absent she bad almost believed bim false, no sooner did she look into his face than her heart went forth to him and seemed to tell her that he waB true. Still from that hour henceforth their re lations must be somewhat strained, and how ever much tenderness for each other might at times bubble up into their hearts, yet the ghost would never be laid. On the table in the library, near where Lady Gertrude sat, some letters had been placed by the footman, when he removed the tea. They were all addressed to Sir Clement and one of them was in the hand writing of Lisbeth Glendinning. At first Sir Clement guiltily thought that this letter might have occasioned his wife's trouble, that she had recognised Beta's writing. He tore it open, angry with Lisbeth for sending to him thus epenly, but having read the missive, his brow cleared, and he tossed it to Lady Gertmde 1 (to be continued.) A young lady at a fashionable dinnerparty pestered an Oxford don with a conundrum — a SllPS which the learned wa-w detested. "Why is the letter «J' like the end of spring?" was the question. Of course me don couldn't tell. "Because it's the beginning of June," was the solution. " Now will you tell me why the letter ' k" is like a pig's tail ? " sternly asked the don. The young lady had to give it up. " Because it s the end of pork." He was bothered with no more conundrrms. 