KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] CHAPTER XIV—(Continued) He poured out a glass of wine and drank it. As he replaced it a cold hand was laid upon his—a low voice spoke in his ear. " I'll take another if you please ; my nerves are horribly shaken. I saw Gaston Dantree's face." She shuddered as she said it. " Good Heaven ! what a night this has been." He turned and saw Mrs. Vavasor. " You here still ?" he said in no very gracious tone. She had done good service but the service was done, and like all of his kind he was ready to fling her aside. " I shouldn't think you would want to stay under this roof any longer than you can help—you of all people. If these two men die tonight, I wonder if their ghosts will haunt you. You talk about nerves, forsooth ! Here, drink this and go ! Scarswood is no place for you.'' " Grateful, my Peter," murmured Mrs. Vavasor, as she took the glass ; " but I scarcely expected any- thing better. I can dispense even with your gratitude while I hold your promise to pay ten thousand down, remember, the very day that makes you Sir Peter." '' You shall have it. Go, in Heaven's name ! Don't let that girl — Katherine, you know — see you, or I believe we'll have a second tragedy before the night is over.'' He left her as he spoke. On the threshold he turned to say a last word. ''Drive the trap back to your quarters in Castle- ford. I'll see you tomorrow, let things end which way they will. I'm going to Sir John now. Go at once. Good night '' He ascended to the baronet's room. Dr. Graves, was there, Katherine and Miss Talbot. The stricken soldier had been laid upon his bed, undressed, and everything done for him that was possible to do. He lay rigid and stark, his heavy breathing the only sign of life. '' Well ?'' Peter Dangerfield said the word in a strained, tense sort of voice, and looked with eager, burning eyes at the medical man. ''I can give no definite answer as yet, Mr. Dangerfield,'' Dr. Graves answered, coldly, and turning his back upon him. Peter Dangerfield drew along breath. Death was written on every line of that ghastly, bloodless face. After a brief five months' reign, Sir John lay dying — dying childless, and he was heir at law! He looked furtively at Katherine. She was standing motionless at the foot of the bed, gazing on that rigid form. She had removed nothing — not a flower — not a jewel — not even her gloves — veil, laces, and silk still floated about her. Her face kept its changeless calm — her eyes their still, frozen look. It was horrible— it was fearful ! He turned away with a shiver, and softly quitted the room. ''Of all the ways in which I thought she would take it, I never thought of this,'' he said to him self. ''Are all women like her, or is she unlike all women ? I never understood her — tonight I under- stand her least of all.'' It was midnight now. He paused a moment at the oriel window to look out at the night. The storm had expended its fury, the rain and sleet had ceased. A wild north wind was blowing ; it was turning bitterly cold. Up above, the storm- drifts were scudding before the gale, a few frosty stars glimmered, and a wan moon lifted its pallid face out of the distant sea. The New Year gave promise of dawning brilliant and bright. '' And this was to have been her wedding-day, and the bridegroom lies dying down stairs. I would not spare her one pang if I could, but I must own it's hard on her.'' He went softly down the long stair- way, and into the lower room where they had borne Gaston Dantree. Mr. Otis was with him still, and Talbot and Devere. ''Is he dead ?'' Mr. Dangerfield demanded. He looked like it. They had washed away the blood, and bound up the wound. He lay with his eyes closed, and breathing faintly ; but, dead and in his coffin, Gaston Dantree would never look more awfully corpse-like than now. Mr. Otis lifted his quiet eyes. ''' Not dead, Mr. Dangerfield — not even likely to die, so far as I can see. What is to be done with him ?— what ? '' He stopped and recoiled, for into their midst a white figure glided, and straight up to the wounded man. It was Katherine. Everywhere she went, that shining bridelike figure seemed to contradict the idea of death. Her eyes had a fixed, sightless sort of stare — lite the eyes of a sleep-walker ; her face was the hue of snow. Noiseless, soundleass, like a spirit she moved in her white robes, until she stood beside the man she had loved, looking down upon him as he lay. The man she had loved ? He had treated her brutally — worse than man ever treated woman before, but there was no anger in her face or heart There was not sorrow, there was not even pity — all feeling seemed numb and dead within her. She only stood and looked at him with a sort of weary wonder. Three hours ago he had been so full of life, of youth, of strength, of beauty, and now he lay more helpless than a new-born child. What a narrow step divided death from life. The four men stood silent, awe-stricken. Sbe neither seemed to heed nor see them. Mr. Otis summoned courage at last to approach and speak. '' Miss Dangerfield,'' he said, with grave respect, ''you should not be here. This is no sight for you. Let Mr. Dangerfield lead you back to your father.'' She lifted her heavy eyes, and seemed to see him for the first time. ''Will he die?'' '' I hope not — I trust not. But you must not be here when he recovers consciousness.'' ''What do you mean to do with him?'' she asked, in the same low monotone. ''He cannot stay here. Will you take him away ?'' He looked at her doubtfully. '' Take him — where ? To the hospital, do you mean ?'' '''No, not to the hospital. I should rather you did not take him there. Can he be removed with out much danger ?'' ''Well— yes ; if he is removed at once.'' '' Then — Mr. Otis, will you do me a favour?'' ''Anything in my power, Miss Dangerfield.'' 'Then take him to your own house. It is a great favour I ask, but you will do it, I know. The expense shall be mine. I don't want him to die.'' A slight shudder passed over her as she said it ; '' and there ia no one else I can ask. Will you do this for me ?'' She laid her hand on his arm, and looked at him. A great compassion filled his heart for this girl, so cruelly bereaved through no fault of her own. He could not refuse. ''It shall be done. I will have him removed immediately, and if he dies it will be no fanlt of mine." ''I knew I might trust you. If it is possible, I will go there and see him. He must not die, Mr. Otis — he must not.'' A sudden swift gleam came into her dead eyes, ''He must recover, and he must leave here. Take him at once, and thank you very much.'' Then the tall white figure flitted away and was gone, and the four men stood confounded, and looked blankly into each other's startled eyes. ''What does she mean ?'' Devere asked. '' What does she want the scoundrel to recover for ? Egad ! the only creditable thing he has ever done in the world will be his leaving it.'' '' It is for her father's sake, doubtless,'' suggested Squire Talbot. '' Nothing of the sort,'' interrupted Peter Dangerfield. ''She wants Dantree to recover for her own. If she has entirely done with him I'm greatly mistaken. I wouldn't stand in Dantree's shoes when he recovers— not for the crown of Eng- land. She is in an unnatural state just now — she'll awake after a little, and be all the more terrible for her present calm. What will your mother say, Otis, when you turn her house into a private hospital ?'' '' Whatever I do is good and admirable in my mother's eyes. I will trouble you, Mr. Dangerfield, to order the carriage, and the quietest horse in the stable. Every moment we lose is of vital importance.'' Mr. Dangerfield obeyed. The carriage was brought round, the wounded man, carefully covered from the cold, raw night air, carried out, and laid among the cushions. Squire Talbot, with little love for the stricken man, yet accompanied the assistant into Castleford. Gaston Dantree had been his guest, and though, after his base and dastardly conduct tonight, he could never again cross the threshold of Morecombe, he still felt bound to see him safely to his destination. Captain Devere remained at Scarswood, at the solicitation of Mr. Dangerfield. He could not return to his lodgings while things were in this uncertain state, neither could he remain alone. How would this night end? Would Sir John recover again, or would the New Year morning, breaking already, see him lord of this noble domain ? And up stairs, in the sick-chamber, the dim night-lamp flickered, and only the ticking of the clock sounded in the dead hush. Sir John lay motionless. Dr. Graves sat beside him, his wrist between his fingers, counting the beating of that sinking pulse. An eminent physician had been telegraphed for to London, but it was more than doubtful if he would find the baronet alive upon his arrival. And if Gaston Dantree died, would it not be as well so ? Beside him, at the foot of the bed, looking like the ghost of some dead bride in that spectral light, Katherine sat. She sat quite motionless, her eyes rarely leaving the face upon the pillow, her hands clasped on her lap, her face like marble. ' At one fell swoop' she had lost all—all ! home, friends, fortune, lover, father, name, and yet it is doubtful if in these first hours she suffered much. She could not realize it yet — the suddenness and horror of the blow had stunned her ; hysterics and tears and woman's uttermost agony might come hereafter — now she sat still and calm. Her heart lay like a stone in her bosom, a dull heavy pain throbbed ceaselessly in her head, but her misery was tearless and dumb. (To be continued.) 