Diocesan, DIOCESE OF PORT AUGUSTA. BISHOP O'REILY'S VISIT TO ST. DOMINICK'S, WILLOCHHA. His Lordship the Right Reverend Dr. O'Reily paid another of his episcopal visits to the above church on Wednesday, the 18th inst., for the purpose of adminis tering the Holy Sacrament of Confirma tion. His Lordship, accompanied by the Rev. Father Doyle, drove from the latter gentleman's residence at Carrieton on the above date, and were met on their arrival in Hammond by a fairly large number of parishioners, who followed in a proces sion to' the church, were they arrived about 10 o'clock. Soon afterwards Holy Mass was celebrated by Father Doyle, during which time his Lordship was engaged hearing confessions in the vestry, the church being crowded on the occasion. The Holy Sacrifice being ended, his Lord ship addressed those about to be con firmed, and in a very eloquent discourse plainly and explicitly described the neces sity that existed, the obligations imposed, and the many and great graces conferred by the worthy reception of this Divine Sacrament instituted by Jesus Christ Himself for the spiritual strength and ad vancement of His followers. His Lord ship in his discourse went back to the time of Our Divine Lord and His apostles, pointing out the great necessity there is for being strengthened in the " True Faith," not knowing when we may fall, by our coldness, our apathy and our pride. He quoted the example of St. Peter who denied his Divine Master, and some of the other apostles who also sinned most grievously by their wavering and want of true couragein the time of trial. Having finished his beautiful discourse his Lordship proceeded to administer the Holy Sacrament to 64 persons of both sexes,, among whom were, a few adults, after which he again addressed them, con gratulating them oh this happy and memorable event in their lives, dwelling at some length on each particular of the seven gifts' of the Holy Ghost which they had then received, and earnestly exhorted them, hy some well-chosen parables, to be. ever on their guprd against the tempta tions, .of the devil, which would now, more than ever, he put forth in trying'to seduce them from their allegiance to God. His Lordship further advised them to be always on their guard against the several temptations which: would - arise in their pro^tess through life,- to--frequent the Holy Sacraments of Confession and Com munion regularly, to avoid bad oom p&hions;, and -above all to be obedient to their parents, and to observe in {Articular the .Commandments of God and, His church. He also briefly alluded to the responsibility of the sponsors (Mr. Jno.. Ryan, storekeeper, and Miss ,Ryan, schoolteacher), and explained some of the: different impedimenta to the Holy Sacra ment. of Matrimony, as laid down for our guidance by the laws of our holyohurch. In T Conclusion his Lordship gratefully returned thanks to the people of this dis trict for the energy and generosity dis played in assisting to clear off the heavy debt which lay on the diocese, and con gratulated them Also on having freed their own church from a long-standing debt, besides other improvements made since his former visit to the district. A tn&ed; of praise is due to those who attended to the corporeal wants of his Lordship and Father Doyle on the occa siori, arid also to those who made the entrance to the church so pleasing by a display of beautiful pines and other shrubs. The interior and exterior of the church' was ill every sense in accordance with his Lordship's visitation, and were it not for the inclemeiicy of the weather the noble edifice would scarcely contain half the number of those who would other wise have been present. As it was there were people present who travelled a dis tance' of from 15 to 20 miles. Some re gret very much that his Lordship was not presented with an address of welcome,, but I doubt very much if we could ade quately express ourselves or say any thing which would add to his dignity, or the loving esteem and respect in which we hold him and his exalted position. 