aunt orsola. Argosy.) I. 'Amm mia, you are the luckiest girl in the world !' . Perhaps she was— you shall judge for onnelf— hot she certainly did not look ;f (she herself thought so. The two sisters were peeing slowly down the one broad walk of their ill- kept garden. To their left ley the vine- vard to their right the house and its narrow strip of flower-garden in which hnge oleanders bloomed and bushes of scarlet geranium blossomed, interspersed with each plants as could brave the red ocbreous soil and the almost ever-beating sun All wore an arid look— from the cracked plaster and blistered paint of the house to the dry, yellow grass that untidily bordered the path upon which the girls were lingering. Bot the spell of Italian lovelinesss lay upon all, and rendered almost beautiful what would have been unbearable in other lands. In front of the little dwelling a vine- card terraced down to the shimmering eea; right and left undulating hills thickly clad with olive trees; behind them a cbaio of craggy height", here and there crowned with feathery pines, but more often towering, bold and bare, and contrasting their red brown hues with the pure bine overhead. Add to this the odour of aromatic herbs mingling with that of brioe ; the song of the cigala; a flood of golden sunshine steeping the earth and caress ing the slumbering eea ; and you will hive an ontline of the scene in which Anna and Cordelia were wandering, and amid which they had been born. Though respectively seventeen and eighteen they can indeed scarcely be said ever to have lived elsewhere. For their father, Count Altamonte, had died while they were quite children ; and, immediately after her hnsband's death, the Coante89 had retired permanently to the only property that remained to her, there to live in seclusion with her daughters upon the pittance that fell to them after the payment to the last centesimo of the Count's debts. They were, ae the Italians say, 'noble s the son and poor as the moon.' Bat they all three bore their poverty bravely, and made the best they were able of the privations It imposed. They wore their cotton dresses to the last verge of possibility ; took an interest in all the little vicissitudes of their rustic neigh- boors— they had no others — went to mass on Sundays at the tittle church on the beach below ; and, all things con sidered, led a peaceful, if a monotonous life. The bouse itself — it was Dot a cottage, for, unfortunately, in oar sense of the word, there are no cottageB in Italy — would have been discomfort itself in any other laud. The walls were stencilled ; the floors of red brick, the furniture . scant And yet it was pleasant enongh with the balmy summer wind setting the red cotton curtains softly waving, and with the song of the birds and the scent of the brioe floating freely in through the widely opened windows end doors. And iu winter, too, it was not without a certain cbeeriuess with a fire of mingled olive-wood aod pine-cones blazing upon the only hearth the house possessed ; save that in the kitchen, on which you could have roasted an ox whole, end which was never used unless on washing days ; the modest cooking of the establishment being daily done on 8 brick range over a handful of char coal. The entire household numbered but five persons : the CoDtessa, her two daughters, and an old coaple,Gianbattista and his wife Erminia ; the former, vinedresser, gardener, and all else that !Q Hit. Kfl fPfllllMll i ttla In linrinn keeper, cook and laondrese. They had been with Countess Altamonte for over twenty years, aud would have flung themeelves into the fire to do either of their three mistresses a service. Bnt neither of them was ever hard-taxed, mother and daughters being both kindly and amiable, and therefore not difficult to please. Added to that, the old couple seemed to find repoae more wearisome thin work. They were incessantly busy sbont something, save on Sundays ; then, after mass, Battista might ever ve been seen sitting in the son or the aisde, according to the season, in all the eolemoity of horn spectacles aod holiday aelhes, puffing a way at a well-blackened Pps; while Erminia, in bine spotted pnnt and white aproo, went the rounds "Jon a general inspection of all that the property produced. Nothing ever es- pcu ner — rrom the purloining of a I or.the abdnction of a chicken, np in 'D wranS a wine vat, or the I J'''"'0® of disease among the vines. I thio ' eyea ferreted bnt every- I iKf1 £DnB.' reputed Cordelia, 'you I A „ 8"'- Just think what a i ql&obq; I JChange, indeed 1 And it's just that I P&nse;(! In step and speech, I hifcfi0. piacfe 6 8Prfg of thyme, I th- 1 e! ? and seated herself npon I Btoe bench they had just I lTd- Cordelia sat down beside her. I Tmn.il!.4?1 tlere a »y of sunshine I j, fed the boughs of the venerable I t(jj 'u splashes of I CW ,gbt ?Pn to® t»o deters — npon I a town ®'' hair and I rarnn. complexion, upon Anna's I entre««a and creamy sHn. The softdark eyes of the latter weredreamily fixed upon the shimmering sea below. Does it grieve yon so to leave us, then? She laid her head npon ber sister's shoulder as she spoke. ' Yes, that it does — to the very heart.' ' But it cannot be for very long, Anna. Annt Orsola — grand-aunt, I should say — must be very old, . and ' 'Yes, I know; -and I've tried to reconcile myself to the change ; bnt I cannot — I cannot' 'A change from night to day, almost from poverty to enormous wealth.' ' Ab, Cordelia, I wish she bad chosen you.' I wonder if mamma were to write and propose your going instead ' ' Anna, it wonld be worse than useless. We have never seen Aunt Orsola — mamma never saw ber bnt once, just before her marriage, yet we know what people say abont her — full of antiqnated notions — something like a mania in all that regards the nobility aud dignity of her race.' ' She has never thought of as in onr poverty all these long years.' ' Well, that's true ; bnt the case was different. While her nephew lived, she bad an heir in the male line.' 'Poor fellow ! What a pity he didn't stay at home inetead of going to Africa and getting killed. I heartily wish he was alive again. And then, think of our aunt's insisting that there is to be no communication — that I am to be cut off from all I love. That I am oh, she's a crnel old woman, that's what she is 1' 'She's half mad, as I said before. And no wonder, considering the solitary life she leads, shut np, year after, year in that old feudal castle of hers.' Battista knows the place. He lived on the estate when a boy. He muBt have seen our auut. And then there's Anna stopped short and sighed. ' Yes, I know, Anna. Poor Alberto ! But do you think mamma wonld have allowed yon to marry him ? With onr nobility and Dame — a simple farmer almost 1' ' I am sure of it. Poor mamma has had a hard time of it ; she has learned that family without fortune is but a mockery. We haven't a relation in the arid a arorM lint: Annt. Hnuilft Aftri she only deigned to notice ns when ebe needed us. She had much better have left us in peace. She could leave her money to a hospital.' 'And her name and title' asked Cordelia. ' I, for one, don't wish ever to be Marchioness della Rocca d'Oro. I could have been so happy here' Tears welled np into Anna's dark eyes as she said this. They blurred the brightness of the rippling waters npon which she was gazing. Another vision, too, rose before her. The Stalwart yonng proprietor of a somewhat extensive and near lyiog property ; handsome, kindly, open-hearted and deeply in love. The thought was too much, Anna lay her head npon her sister'e shoulder and wept outright. What a happy past was that which now floated op from memory's mystic depths ! The iris hues hindered - aught less bright and beautiful than themselves from rising. Maternal and sisterly love, Battista and Erminia's affection. Then the innocent idyll that in the golden sunshine; and amid the many-hoed love liness of her birthplace, had grown np to its present strength and beauty. The timid glances at mass, the occasional meeting of fingers at the Holy Font ; the excursions np among the breezy heights, Alberto- -carefully leading his quietest horse, and doing all In his power to spare the Countess the smallest shock or jolt ; she and Cordelia gaily leading tbe van, and springing like yonng goats amid the rocks and rosemary bushes ; B&ttista; and Erminia bringing up the rear with the provisions for the day. Alberto's first flowers, his uncon nected, yet well understood words, the rosv Eden that suddenly blossomed arouod her, as ono evening, on the tittle terrace overlooking the sea and beneath the white moonlight, the confession of mntnal love had been sealed by a kiss. All, and a hundred times more, floated np before her, till, with a heart-broken voice, she cried, ' Cordelia, Cordelia, I cannot, cannot go !' ' Bat what is to be done, dearest !' 1 1 don't know ; bat I will not go. Oh, yee ' — correcting herself — ' you must take my place ! If one of OS two is to become Marchioness Rocca d'Oro, it mast be you, not I.' 'Bat how, Anna f ' I'm not quite sore yet ; I must think it out well. You just help me to learn all I can abont Annt Orsola.' ' It won't be mocb ; nobody seems really to know her. We'll ask Battista,' 1 Battista can hardly tell ha more than we know, said Anna, ursola juarcnesa della Bocca d'Oro in her own right is a maiden of eighty, of enormous wealth. I think mamma eaid she never married, because she couldn't find any one whose blood was sufficiently bine. She lives/ chat np in her castle, as much as she possibly can, like her ancestors of a hundred years ago.' . ' Well, I don't know that I should object to that, Anna I dare say the life is ' ' Bnt I object. Fd rather share a hat with Alberto than possess all Bocca d'Oro!' 'Poor Anna 1 Well, what more f « That's all, I think. -Ob, die hates progress, and says railroads are the in vention of Satan.' 'I don't sea what excuse yon can ever find. Have yon asked Alberto to help your 'Yes; but he refused flatly. Noone, he declared, should ever be able to say that he had uttered one word to hinder my going. Dear, noble stupid fellow 1' ' That's juBt like Alberto ! I was sure ' Ermiuia'e shrill voice calling them to their noondey dinner interrupted Cordelia's phrase. The two sisters rose and, hand in hand, proceeded towards the home. II. It was a pretty picture. Alberto leaning over the little gate, his muscular arms reposing comfortably npon the topmost bar, and his admiring loving gaze fixed upon Anna within ; she stand ing with ber course straw hat in her baud, and from time raising her soft dark eyes to his. The spreading pine overhead flong chequered a prying sun beam wonld steal in as if to peer at them. They .never noted the golden spy, however, bo wrapped np were they In themselves and each other. Nor did they notice the approaching strips of Cordelia and old Battista, she with a basket in her head, he carrying one of those long bamboo canes, the upper end of which is split into a sort of fiinnel kept open by a cork and secured with wire — the implement with which, in primitive Italy, fruit is gathered from the tope of the high trees. ' We are going to get some -figs for mamma,' aaid Cordelia, stopping. ' £ think there must be some ripe by now. Will yon come, Alberto ' With a glad smile the youDg man opened the tittle gate and entered. The four took their way across the vineyard over to where au enormous fig-tree raised its leafy head. The warm air waB redolent with the aroma of rosemary, southernwood, lavender, and a hundred aromatic herbs, while, from time to time, a fresher whiff floated np from below, bringing with it the acrid odour of brine. The cigala sang merrily in the golden sunshine, and tbe idle swish of waters npon the sands made itself heard at intervals. Three yonng voices rang out clearly, however, to which Bsttieta's bass was and again added. They were all 80 happy ; all was eo beautiful aud bright around, the sunshine of heart and heaven bad pnt to flight,for the moment, even Aunt Orsola'e menacing image. Under the fig-tree they all sal down, the girle upon a fiat yellow stone; the two men npon the red, roughly-hoed Boil in front. Battista mopped away at his old bald head with a red cotton hand kerchief that smelt strongly of stale tobacco ; Alberto drew out a couple of cigars and fumbled in his numerous pockets for the needful matchbox ; the girls fanned themselves, and, at times, also the two men, with their wide- brimmed hats. ' Now, Battista,' said Cordelia, ' we want you to tell us all you know about Annt Orsola and Bocca d'Oro.' ' About Bocca d'Oro as much as you please ; but about Signora Marchess — well, I don't know what I can tell you. I scarcely ever saw her to speak to, and if I had to tell you all that the rest used to say about her, we should sit here till to-morrow. My memory, too, is so bad ' 'Here's a cigar to help it,' said Alberto, handing him one. The old man's dark eyes flashed with delight as he took it and lit it, with a gasto that was pleasant to see. A cigar, and especially a good one like that, was a rare treat, A briarwood pipe and donbtfnl tobacco was his ordinary solace. ' What nsed they to say t' 'Oh, a thousand things — each stranger tbau the other.' 'For example — P Who can tell now It Is so long, long ago. And then, every one had something different. They even declared she was a sorceress and had made com pact with ' Battista broke off and crossed him self. ' Bnt that's impossible, you know. Tou don't mean to nay you believe that ?' ' I can't tell,' replied Battista ; ' I be lieve and I don't believe.- She has a bad name all around, anyhow, in spite of her money.' Yee 1' ' What with her pride, her cats, and her geology- ' ' Her what' 'Her geology. The picture of a great tree ; it hangs in the big hall, and instead of fruit it bears dukes, and marquesses, and princes. It- is' quite full of them. And ber ladyship stands before them for hours, they say. . Fve even heard say that it's a sort of Satan's mass-bonk — -God forgive me !— and that she is bonnd to worship before it for a certain time 'every day. I myself saw her there once. They say she speaks to the princes ana unites, aim once one was seen crying before them. If that's not sorcery, ! don't know what is ! She calls it geology, bnt other folk -' 'Genealogy, - Battista: If yon had ever dared look, yon wonld have seen onr name — mamma's, at least — there also.' ' The saints forbid ! I ' 'And -the cat's P interrupted Anna. ' She nsed to have eight of them. They dined and -supped with her ;;aud they all had names.' 'Well, they, at least, must be dead and gone long ago, Why, it's yean' and .years— — ' 'Dead! Gone! You think so! They're no each thing ' — here he lowered his voice. 'They were no ' more real' cats than we are.' ' What are they, then P ' Tbe spirits of the dnkee atad princes painted upon "the tree. There were beasts painted there, too; but beasts such as none of as ever saw — monstere — one woman with the tail : of a fisb, a green lion with it was the devil's book, I ears,' concluded Battista, rising and picking np his cane, 'and nothing will ever take tbe belief oat of me. And yon, Miss Anna, yon jost take old Tista's advice and keep away from Bocca d'Oro as far as ever yoo can.' Alberto conld have hogged him for those words. HI. The long, tiresome journey came to an end at last, and Anna found herself safely deposited St the Ivrea ' station. The town, once famous iu Italian hUtory, can atill boast of -many records of tur bulent feudal times. Nowadays, bow- ever, it is noted for nothing ia particular, save its carnival, which is still held "with much gaud and glitter, and whose procession of armed knights, . in the panoply and gear of dead centuries, issuing from the frowning old walls, gives no weak Idea of gallants of days gone by thronging to a tonrnameot. The Piedmontese are certainly the English of Italy, and, going a step further, the people ' of tbe Canevesato and Monferrato may be likened to the Scotch. They are hardy, pugnacious, Eery, tenacious, apd conservative to the backbone. The nobility of these two districts is among tha purest and best io the land ; and of this nobility Orsola, Marchesa della Rocca d'Oro' considered herself the culminating point. To a certain extent her pretensions had been allowed, for the family — now reduced to her stately self aud two penniless grandoiecss whom nobody knew anything about — had certainly, in days gone by, been the first among all. Nobody conld deny that. Nobody did deny It. Bat as time went on Orsola della Bocca secluded herself en tirely from a world' which she declared to be turoiDg upside down, and bnried herself amidst ber boundless forests aud broad lands, hogging ber peculiar ideas more and more tenaciously, growing more ana mure reserved, «aa uauts yeany widening tbe gnlf between herself and the rest of mankind. She gave money freely, when asked by her chaplain to do so ; but unac companied by any outward sign of sympathy. Thus, to . tbe worthy, at least, depriving tbe gift of half its valne. Her antiquate body- guard, Brigitta, seemed to be the only person for whom she openly expressed sympathy. Brigitta and her cats ! For the descendents of the feline pets, mentioned by Battista, still flourished at.the castle, tbongh re duced to six. With her naual despotic eccentricity the o'd lady had dictated the minutest particulars of Anna's journey. Her mother and sister were to accompany her to Ivrea, consign her to Brigitta, who would be there to receive her, and then, without an hoar's delay, returned whence they had come. Her letter had enclosed a note of a thousand francs for travelling expenses. Gonntess Altamonte bad obeyed to the latter, but with a heavy heart No thing bat. her own poverty on the one side, and the enormona fortune at atake on die other, conld ever have decided her. For the fortune wzseoormons/and would render one of .ber daughters, at le&8t,perhapB the greatest heiress in Italy. Under any other circumstances Anna would have enjoyed the drive in the huge, antiquated coach, with its four, fat horses, bewigged driver, and liveried eervants. Such scenery as they passed tbrongh was utterly new to her, and entirely different from that of her Southern home — undulating fields and rows of mulberry-trees, green hedges and shadowy lanes ; white homesteads peep- iog forth from groopB of enormous walnut-trees ; a broad, level, well-kept high road, along which the carriage bowled without ewerve or jolt. At last they turned aside and began to wind amid the sinuosities of ever- rising hills. 'The Conteesina is now npon the lauds of her illustrious annt,' said Brigitta, in a solemn tone. The old lady looked ae if ebe expected the girl to reply by some indication of. respectful awe. But she did nothiug of the sort. She wiped her eyes and gazed sadly and indifferently out of- the window. Brigitta. was sitting bolt opright op posite her. She wpuld as Boon have thought of eating meat on Friday as of occupying a seat together with one who had delta Bocca blood in her veins. The good woman had been all her long life so saturated with> the grandeur of the family, that she had almost come to regard them as something quite apart from the rest ofmankind. Upthey wonnd among tbe hills— how between green banks overshadowed with hazd-and -elder;- now across miniature prairies covered with , short, juicy grass ; here along a gentle stream, in whose -clear, brown waters the pale stems of thai beaches and 'ithe bine sky overhead mirrored themselves ; there skirting a rock-bound torrent churning itself into form amid this boulders ; past fern-clad nook, smiling mead, : ehady glade, frowning forest ; yet ever up, np,. np, till at last, grim and gray, the towers | of tile castle showed amid 'the oaks and 'firs." ' ' j . , Anna's heart beat fastas the equipage drew np at the grand-: entrance. She edokenod as she thought of the dear old 1 home, so different and so far away! But there was no time for thought, for Brigitta stood waiting to help her cat.' And whatever you do, Conteesina, do not forget the three reverences — the first jnst inside tbe door, the second Bnt the old woman's whispered in structions were cat -suddenly short by Anna's palling herself together with an effort; springing past, and branding np the broad perron and across the lordly threshold with as -ittle ceremony, as if 1 she had once more been at the farm house. ' Santa Maria 1' exclaimed the sstonnded Abigail, as she gazed after the girl with open mouth and distended eyes. ' What will the Marchioness — — ' Anna disappeared within. For a moment or two she could dis tinguish nothing. TheD, little by little, as out of a mist, objects loomed forth. An enormona ball with a gigantic stair case to tbe right ; figures io full armour against the lofty walls ; above .them trophies of arms and tattered banners ; a dozen or so of full-length portraits, black, indistinct, spectre-like. At the farther end a dais surmounted by a canopy — the della Boccas were 1 Marchesi del Baldacchino ' — that is, they had held aod executed right of' jurisdiction in times gone by — and furnished with a species - of nuwiedly arm-chair, hnge and worn, once velvet and gilding, bnt now retaining few traces of its ancient splendour. Beside this chair, and from which she had evidently risen, stood - a little old lady with dark, lustrous eyes, puffs of snowy hair surmounted by an indescrib able fabric-of lace, and in a dress such as had long vanished from the modes of earth. On her left etood an aged priest and two elderly gentlemen ; on her right, bnt qnite in the backgroond, a number of servants, male and female, the former in full livery, the latter alt clad alike. For a second Anna faltered, for her heart began to failher. Then fortanately her eyes fell npon the famous genea logical tree with its emblazoned ramific ations, and at the sight fresh courage awoke. Mother and sister, Alberta and Battista, started up before her; and, with Tista's word ' geology ' sounding in her ears, she stepped forward Almost before she knew where she was she fonnd herself face to face - with her eccentric relative. In a trice she had stepped npon the dais and kissed the old lady upon both cheeks. Then, half terrified at what she had done, she caught hold of tbe arm of the chair for support, and, with downcast eyes, awaited what was to come. The silence was appalling and was all unbroken save by a series of inarticulate sounds from tbe lips of the petrified grand-aunt. The sounds grew more distinct, then finally resolved themselves into the one word ' Ma-de-moi-selle !' One word only, it is true, bnt a single word, each syllable of which contained a volume. Amazement,- anger, horror were each and all clearly indicated. 'Ma-de- moi-selle 1' was repeated in fainter tones ; and then the bewildered chatelaine sank back within the friendly arms of tbe seat behind her. There was a murmur among the spectators, none of whom, however, ventured to interfere by either word or sign. Dear aunt, said Anna, laying one of her thoroughbred bnt terribly Bunbnrnt hands npon the old lady's shoulder, ' I am very sorry. I ought not to have been so abrnpt,bnt I am very Impulsive ; and as yon, after mamma and Cordelia, is my nearest relative, pray forgive me ! You'll' get nsed to me in time.' ' Get used to yon !' repeated the old lady in a faint troubled tone that sounded like an echo, and gazing np into her niece's face. Get used to you 1' ' Yes, of course you will. One of you there, bring a 'glass of water. Do you feel faint, sunt f One of the servants harried out to obey the order. He gave n meaning glance as be passed his fellows. It meant, ' the old one has got her match there.' Afresh murmur among the bystanders and a step towards tbe centre of attraction. 'She can't be a Bocca d'Oro— ehe mast be a changeling,' tnurmnred the old marchioness, whose eyes had never been wtthdrawn--from -Anna's face. None but Anna beard - the remark, so- low was the tone iu which it was uttered. The reply to it, however, rang not clear enough for all to hear — the grim ancestors included. Possibly they trembled in their frames as they listened — those iothe flesh aronnd certainly felt a shiver -of excitement as they caught the words t ' Of course I am a Bocca d'Oro, or half "one, at least. . By my father's side aMontalto.- The Moutaltos can trace back their aucestora to nearly fifty yean beyond the. della Roocas, and so——' : ' Blasphemy — sheer blasphemy ! what ; do yon mean by it '. murmured the marchionare." — -r -- r A groan from the bystanders. Oh, I thonght yon knBW. Tm sorry. ' Please don't be vexed. - 1 It doesn't signify, yon know. Ancestors are all very well intheir way, but they don't' count for much nowadays. The ' world is growing wiser.' . 'The world is going to destruction — " that's what it is. Iwish I were well 'out of if Something In the tone of the last words went straight to Anna's heart. With genuine feeling she knelt at her aunt's feet and, taking one- of her withered but still beantifnl hands in both her own,' kissed it with' real affection. The Marchioness lay bad! in her chair with dosed eyes. She- made no attempt to withdraw her hand, only murmured : 'She isadella Bocca, after all ; bnt my heiress — no — no '" Anna alone canght the words. They awakened in a deep joy in her heart. A joy so great as to canse her to break oat into a fit of hysterical weeping amid 1 which, onder her annt'e direction, ehe was led off to her room Iry Brigitta. Tbe little crowd opened 'obsequiously upon her passage. - Anna had awakened a feeliugof derided respect in all-present. Perhaps not feast of all in the Mar1 cbioness herself. None bot a genuine Bocca d'Oro could have ventured npon doing what' Anna Montalto had just done. None witnessed the reaction. ttt Oraola .della Beoca" had begun to feel herself in a whirl of continual .con tradictions. Her niece's character and behaviour foirfy bewildered' her. The mo8taadaciou8,and,to her, blasphemous, outbreaks of ridicule at the expense: of the defunct ancestors and the departed glory of the houses alternated with the most affectionate aod : all-naused-to tenderness towards herself It was some thing so new aod unexpected that it puzzled, pained, and pleased the old lady in a most incomprehensible manner. She was not .as yet aware of it, bnt the: con sciousness of -not heing so .great and independent a personage as she had hitherto fancied herself had began to dawn npon her. The icy crnst that seclusion had built np around -her heart was beginning, not to melt, but- - to crack; and through the crevices she caught glimpses of something better,, higher sod more worthy of: firing for, than: wordly grandeur aud earthly respect. Anna's sallies against all ehe had hitherto lived for, so to eay, a wakened a feeling of horror in the old lady's breast ; bnt, at the same time, they also awakened no email amonnt of respect for the speaker. No living creature t 3 J...J — i_ i uttu ever unicu upoaih m uer preatuice 10 such a manner. 'It must all be the fsnlt of her. education,' ehe woold say ; adding with sigb : ' What a pity 1 What a pity 1' For she never dreamed that these audacious sallies were prompted by cowardice — that Anna waslikethe soldier who threw himself into the breach because he saw no other way -of escape. And then, the Marchiooees had, as many of ns have, a fair share of the nettle in her. Touched with a shrink ing hand, she stung ; grasped with firm ness, she remained harmless. Human nature cannot seclude itself from : all save subordinate surroundings without paying tbe penalty of such imprudence. Anne instinctively felt that her aged relative needed affection ; and, in con- sequence, her whole heart went out towards her. Anna was one of those who love all who stand in need of bring loved. The whole castle took kindly to her— even the cats, who nsed to parr aronnd her, their round heads rubbing against her dress, and their npright tails waring tremulously in the air. It was a trifle, bat It wove a fresh liae of the chain that was gradually binding annt aod niece to each other. ' I am sorry — very, very sorry P the former would sigh. She- is kind and good, but, with her unhappy tendencies, she conld never represent the family. 1 shall have to send for Cordelia. Ab, I am hardly tried 1 Not only a girl, but perhaps also a younger -one. My poor nephew— if yon had only lived !' It was terrible. And then she -felt her oid arid heart daily thawing towards the girl with the sweet dark eyea and kindly -smile. 'That was terrible,' too, in its way. What was she to do! How wonld it all end ! Meanwhile poor Anna was secretly pining amid all tbe solemn grandeur of ber new life - She - never- complained, bat she hated it, and her heart sickened when ehe thought of her dear ones in the old home by the open, sunlit sea. And she thought of them often enough ! The stately daily meals were a torment to herewith their endless dishes, their liveried servants, their choice wiues/tilie enormous dining-hall, and her annt and herself, the chaplain and the secretary seated at a table that wonld ham ac comodated a ecore, and left ample dbow- room into the bargain.- What a difference ! And how many handled - times . pleasanter ware the homely meals of simple minestra,polenta, toasted larks redolent of rosemary, fish, salad, and so on, served on delft, aod enjoyed with an appetite born of exefcise and content i And the - laughter aod ' the chat, and Alberto, and hid Erminia 'bustling from kitchen to dining- room, pressing everyone to eat, and joining in the conversation as if one of themselves, yet without losing-one atom of ' respect or forgetting her place ;for a moment Dear old Erminia ! ' What a distance from tor withered smiling face to tbe' marble features of the footman who watched every' moreel ehe pat iuto her mouth, and who teemed always' to ' be tjdngin Wait to pounce upon the platB before her! Her hunt was, after her. ftabloD, vaiy kind to" her, and Anna's loving heart was filled "with gratitude in consequence. _ j Wben she did break ont in some sally or another against bine blood in general, < and the ancestors in particular, It grieved ber qnite Os much as 'it' did the old lady; bnt to do eo washer only bulwark against' adoption, - and every day ' that passed convinced 'her more and 'more of her unfitness for playing ibe great lady, and confirmed her dislike in doibg so. Wonderful to relate, there were no ghosts at) Bmxa. jd'ObT-in- -spite of ancestors of every moral hue, and a mass of masonry in Which any number of the name nright have larked. Not a belted knight paced tbe long echoing galleries — not a veiled lady glided down the wide staircaaet. 'No millioniare'smodern mautdbneohld have been freer from ; phantoms than wm the castle. But, to make up for this defect, there Was e hannted ' ruin within a stone's throw — a high tower crowning s rocky crest, enrrounded by a belt of bushes and straggling oaks. V. It was a rainy, wretched day. Woods and rocki glistened and streamed, and ;the sky was of a uniform leaden hue. Anna was sitting at one of -the wide windows of her -tram. Sofia, the maid aasigned .to her exclusive service, was working at a table near. Withont, «o- Jhlng was heard bnt the pitiless patter ing of tiie nun npon tbe boughs, and the awakening voice. of the little stream yon- sides the ridge npon which the lover rose. Within the caatle. Itself ebeolote silence reigned. .. < ; . 1 Why is that old rain yonder called the " Bella Aide's Tower," Sofia f , 'Signorina, do yon not know? I thought everybody ' - ' No one ever told me so how could I know ? There— leave that &ktrt; and come and aft by me. in the window here.' . Nothing rlotb, the girl obeyed. She had, like all the household, learned - to love the simple, kindly- maimteed yonng lady who had a gentle smile, and a cordial word for all who approached her. They could scarcely credit - her being a Bocca d'Oro, so -different washer cb&raoter; from that .which had. become legendary , in the country round. ' : 'Well, yon must know,' began Sofia/ ' that ; hundreds of years ago — I forget how many — a certain Marchess Carrado uioBbcr uBnt ana oe was a demon, signorina — a very demon, and the terror of all he came across. For he > spared neither high nor low, rich nor poor, and woe to any one who ventured to come between him and his desires.' ' I understand. ' Go on. ' Down there, on tbe other side of the ridge, there lived in those days a forester and his family— 1 don't know his name, bnt it doesn't matter — good, honest people; and well-to-do also, for: their daughter was brought np almost like a lady, and need to pass much of her time here at the castle together with tbe young ladies. Do I explain myself f ' Yes — perfectly. And so—' 'So-ahe grew np, and was known for tntny miles round as the moat beantifnl maiden in all the land. Even now they speak of her big bine eyea and wonderful golden hair.' And, of course, the Marquis Carrado, the demon, fell in love with her f 'Jnst so: the Marquis fell in love with her, and it was very wrongofhim; for he couldn't many bar, yon know — she was only a forester's daughter; and, besides that; he had a wife already.' 'That was a difficulty, certainly.' 'Ia Bella Aids ' — for so everybody called her— was a good, honest girl, and would never listen to aoy of his .deblara- tions. ' She avoided him whenever' 'she conld. - "Bnt the Marquis at last 1 got fnrions, and one unlucky day he' met; the Bella Aids close to the foot of the tower yonder, and tried to seize 'her. There was no way of escape, bo, in her terror, ehe flew np the 'rieps of the tower — -they must have been wfable theD, not like now, though one.'cau still manage to scramble up to the platform at the top. Michele told me' ft was hard ' work for : him, and he's a man. na went up to get me a pigeon a-nest. "Who Is MichkleT , ' Sofia blushed, looked down for a second, and then replied : 'The wib- intendent'e son and my future hnsbahd. As brake and fine a young-mah aa ever walked P 1 My best' wishes to yon both 1 'AV»d La Bella 'Alda P ' Yea. She reached the platform safe enpngh, but with tbe Marquu dose be hind her. He stretched oat his ' hand to lap hold of her. «H yon toach me, I spring ovier,' shB cried. Bat he only laughed. Then, with a Holy Virgin protect me P ovor she sprang P HowdreadfoTP Dreadful indeed! 'That is./it might have been dreadfnl. It was wonderful instead.- "Fhr- the Holy Virgin "liejwd her prayer and bore her np, so Uut hhe reached -the ground as siftb and feonnd as yon or I' ' And the Marquis T The Marquis I He had gbbeap with hair ae black sb a crow, when ' he . tome down It was white as'my lady's. "Soon after his wife died--of ahroken heart it wte said. Then he ehtered a monl&gtery.;' « And La Bella Aldif _ ' 'She lived on for years. But. die grew prohAanAprefcehtiohs ; all Satan's doing, Father -Ambrose toys ; he was deterndned to hsvehereoul onje ytty or another : ;and went ' telling everybody -tint shewas onderthe BlsMedViigin's special "protection;1 and people " tifod ramhtiuiea to ladgh at hie rl And 'joine <fty, : .when .. she / had - been boMting' Ws rtisnaft they Aimed- her fto . tiske j the/ leap again." And ehe did it; and was' ttksn up 'dead.' J.-T, '.Horrible !' cried Anna, with - a shudder. ' Horrible, indeed ! bob it was her just punishment, Father Ambrose says, for eelf righteousness . Ever since then, La Bella Alda tower.''fe, Hare yon en ston her a8£ Anna. I Bhoaldftfo dp 80.' nay, for riiafcnpkppl&tSKto; ing of the death of a della Rocca 1' There -was akuock at-tbe Joor.tSofia- went to see who it was, and returned with a letter which she handed to her yoauqmistress. . From Cordelia !' cried she ; then she open ad it with eager, trembling fingers. Sofia returned to her sewing, while Anna remained at the window and read. ' My dakejhg Sister, — 4 How I wish I eonld;cnrl myBelf op in sn envelope like a caterpillar in - a leaf, make Tista carry me to the post, and wake up with you -atRocoa d'Oro ! How astonnded- our grand-aunt would be, and what a lecture upon family dignity I should receive 1 But no, that wonld never do, and yon ehall see that my entry into what yon call tbeoldden, ehall be of qnite a different kind. For my entry there is decided upon. Her Ladyship has written to mamma about It. She likeB yon well enough, but says she could never entrust the family honours to one so incapable of appreciat ing tbem ! The words are hers. I am enre from yonr letters that she mast be very mnch nicer than any of the pictures we need to draw of her. I feel remorseful at times. I ehall enter Rocca d'Oro folly prepared to please her in all I can, and also to love her, if possible. Bat only in case yon, dearest, ' continue to refuse the inheritance. ' If yon try, you can surely undo the past, and then, I am enre, aunt will adopt yon at once. I know I Bhall make a mnch better cbiteline than yon, bat I will never stand in yonr way unless you insist upon it Do as yon please. Whatever may be mine later shall be yours and dear mamma's. Ton both know that ' When yon come back, and yon are to come back before I leave for Ivrea, yon will find the dear old place father anaony. roe vines are in a rernoie state, and we shall hardly get a barrel of wine out of the whole. The -disease has never been ao bad. Even Alberto's vines have suffered, in spite of all his oare. He has been away for the last four days, at Genoa, on business I believa He is pining terribly after yon, darling, comes down after every post to hear if yon have written — wanders abont for honre, and seems qnite loBt I wish you could have corresponded, but' I suppose mamma was right in forbidding it. He knows nothing abont your coming back. ' Tista is well, en is Erminia, bat she is getting very deaf. I wish yon could have seen their faces when they were told of yonr retnrn ! They love yon mnch more than they do me, everybody, mamma also does that tbongb. I neither wonder at it, nor am I jealous. I have sighed all my life to enter the great world. I am a better della Rocca than yon, dear. Mamma is writing to the Signora Marchess. What an odd world tbiB is ! Nobody seems ever to get what he wants 1 You almost lament over the number of dresses and things aunt has given yon ; .most other girls, I among the number, would go wild with delight over them. Well, console your self with the thought that they will come in nicely for the Signora Alberto. 'There, mamma has finished writing, and Tista -is waiting to be off. So good bye, and a tbonsand kisses from your loving sister, ' CORDELIA.' On going to her room that evening, Aooa read her letter once more throogb. They kept early hoars at the castle,aud not feeling sleepyhe took her favourite seat at the open window. Heavy clouds were billowing op from the horizon and betokened a coming storm. The rain had ceased, the heat was oppressive. From time to time the moon shone forth and flung sheets of silvery radiance upon the dripping woods, now lighting np the taller tower with ghostly gleam, now hiding as suddenly behind a mim of dark drifting vaponr. Anna gazed across at the. rain with newly awakened interest. Sofia's legend had taken her fancy. Theruah-of the atream, now swollen to a torrent, broke hoarsely upon the otherwise silent night. Anna gazed forth aod shuddered j she coold not have told why, .and had ' to casta look round at her well-lit room and its comforts to reassure herself. The darkness was rapidly thickenine without. It seemed to her as if a pall had been lowered npon the earth. Then came the growl of distant thnnder., -On it rolled, nearer and nearer,, deeper and deeper, till once more it died away among the bills. A budden rift in the gloom overheard - and, for a second, the white light fell foil npon the tower- Was 'she dreaming f There, npon its summit stood a .form with ontstretobed arms!; She . sprang to her feet and galed out- with strain-, log eyes. Bnt impenetrable gloom had once more wrapped Its veil round all. There she stood, . watching with dilated eyea and: beating .heart. rA blue a..i r_i i _ ' j i . . umu, iuiiu»ki uy aruar sucn as treat-., ened all hearing, and, for a; moment; paralysed motion. Brief as was the. glare however, ithad revealed to /laaa's eyeapnce.more, a : figure. upon .the sum-' init of Lp Bella Alda's tower. . .% Covering' hpr,facB with fier hands, she ' sank back npon thechair. . At Qua moment the .great bell at the. castle gate rang/ forth in- load and. claiming tones. '( To be amduded. ) 