lap of |iest. CHRIST'S SECOND COMING. SPIRITUAL STABGAZIKG. <iy Fe 1 llel t0 Sermon published on March 21.] la £or u By j. DAY THOMPSON. .<». „ y° know the times or the se&snns; which the Kather hath pat in His own H.^VJBut ye shall receive power, after that the "Host is come upon >ou; aud ye shall be V Besses unto m e butll Jerusalem, and m all , • f- ad in nauiaria, ana unto the uttermost park of the earth. And when Ue had spoken these tmnjs, whiln they beheld, He was taken up; and a cloud received Him oat of thsir signt. And, while tney louked steadfastly toward Heaven, as He went up. behold, two men stood by them in white apparel, which also said, Ye men -i Galilee, why Stand ye gazing U(> inio Heaven? ihis same Jesus, wflicli is taken up from you into Heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye nave seen Him go into Heaven."- »ct» i. 7-11. These words in the flr-t instance were spoken by l/Hrist. and in the second are attribu'ed to the angels; hut they enshrine the same great truth and p each the sirne Que spiritual lesson. And from these words we learn two things, and tbe • two U\mgs L Should like us to carefiilly study tonight--Pir>t, what the Church has always beau pious mure or less to do since Chi .at left the world; and then, secundly, what the uhurch ought to have a -ne instead. Mfst as to what the CtiBrch has always more or less been prone to siucs Christ came Iilio the world |baL is exceed! gly well de-criued In the wo. ds of' the angels—" »e men of Galli ee, why stand ye gazing up into Heaven?" And that is what the Church lias always been doing, and it is nut what it should hare doue but was distinctly forbidden to <l.j b> Christ and i.y the words ol the augels —Mais thing I may call surgazing- looking up into Heaven in order to learn the great sphitual secrets^ab.jut some -upposed myst c splendour that is coming—and it bas very 'ittle or nothing to do with pra, ticai life. What i- a staritazer? l'he word couies from the old practice of astrology before astrology lad developed into modern astrunumy. Men did not then study the stars to ubtaiu true scientific too kludge, but to find out what was the inS leccs, or supposed influence, of the stars on human lives and d stiny ; they spent i.heir time casti >g horosc-ipus and in all manner of magic, and in talking a great deal of g»» about "hou-ea" and "lords" and "a-cendants' and " themes," and all lh« Uchui>alities of tfti- asiiulogv. Now astrology was (Kirrowed by tbe Jew.. fAr as they *-ad any) on ing their residence in Ka'.slon ; it came into practice among them after the captivity. And th-it is the key to the meaning oi the ang 1's words, " Why stand ye here gazing up into Beaven V New this sensational study uf the stars—called astrology - for tbe purpose of gaming aa idea of tbe nativities and courses of human lifc upon tbe earth, for tbe purpose of the telling oi mystic fortunes, passed more or less into all lauds and all races. And so a<e told of a iertaiu Komau Cardinal in l-be fifteenth century who cast the horoscope of Je-us ''hrist. F.veA men like Tjchu Brahg and Repier. the great Continental astronomers, were unable to reai t the fascination ot this astrology. But <ve know as % matter of fact that it is n->w professed by no civilized nation under Heaven—that is, by no nation under Heaven that has a scintilla of s-cientiSc reputatio n it is confined to the But, where it has not yet deve oped Into true ftstroUumy, but uhertvsr that came to exist the old false astrology died out Well now, that astrological vagary—that sktgaziug—hai been manifest in a reli^iou. sense in the history o f the Church. -Men have always been calculating, have always been engaged in casting uiystic horosc pes, gating either in the far pxst or forward into ttie more distant fuluie; and so we are t >Iu by Archbishop Hitler-— iiy i he-\v y. we owe the ch'onolngy In oulr Bibles to biui. though it is not authentic He says hat the Creation took p act- on OctOber 23, 4001 years before i:hr»i, and tells as also >liat the date of ttie be^inni -g of the Deluge was September '2348 years before Christ, and it is suuposed be derived the mystio number from the study of the Bible and the skies. Bnt c&lt-uKtiiig; forward has been much more the 'a hi m. iliis has occupied the .Mention of onr splntUAl astrologer* ever since the time of the writer - (the B ok of l)&u-el.; I d» not know, and I do not know any one who knows. wht> wrote the B-iofcof Daniel; but in tint book, and la several others written a little later, there is a great deal of spiritual mystio astrology (if I may so call it) about a time, times, and h>lf a time, and about the seventy yearweek" rbat are to eUpse before Messiah comes as Son of wan. 4ud e><*r since that time the doctors ot the Church and the speculators of tbe Church 1 have been Angnged in barren, futile atar-gasing.and have been ca culatimc wh<-n the heavens are to«tj)en ami the exa t date of the coming uf the son of Mao in the clouds of Heaven. There Is the same thing in Kevrlaiion; and following that all down tbe since y.iu ha*e had a farrago (I want to 5D£ ik plainly and frankly) of the veriest trash aad rubbi-h i hat has ever been DublUhfed in the name ot luimtnity. It hits nor had anything of the elevation, of the giaii'l mhral purpose, that is contained in the Books of Daniel and Revelation N<^w fer an instance-I can readily give yod an exampl*. One of tbe e*.rly doctors of the 1 "hnrcli, a man nutn-Ml Papias, i - speaking about the miileniam and the rebuilding of the city of the New Jerusalem, teils us tb-.t there will be remirknhte v no- growing in t-ha New Jerusalem, that evary vine shall bear 10,000 branches, every bri'ich 10,001- slwotB, every shoot 10 000 twigs, every twig lf>.i:Dn bu>iche*, and every bunch 10,000 berrie*, an t eiery be rv contains thirty-six ilmfs twentyfive g«llons nf wine. And that is deliher&tely; sta-t-d by a dooi or of the Church in the es'ly age of the r 'hii'6h as what will etactly happen ill theVew Jerusalem that was to oome down out of leaven fiomGod! rhe old Rabbi- tn the'Talmud abont the <-a i-e ti-ne »r earlier had similar representations; and they said that the height of the men of the millenium wonid be .before tr-e fall from200 toflOiJ ya--ds; th it- the moon would be as la*ge as the sun. anthat the sun would be S43 times as large as it fs. 'he fa t Is that if it were 3*3 limm, or even thirty times as hot, as it is now «re would be burnt up u questionably. And so we read that in this millennial age of uninterrupted and tncompsr ible felicity che «>]rl izm'-ce- ce is to be restored, tha'- there will he the highest physi al ami intellectual ple&su; es, ali thr uj<h the victorious Coming of the >ou of "tiavid hetslded by MelchUed-%, or Eli s. or Moses, or lr-ttah, or Jeremiah; that He was to end • he ttooAas pi>we<-; and that the *alnts were lo be kingi- uf (he earth; aad tbe enemies of ChriBt were to be subject to these saints in the New .1 em- aleuj; ami that it would literally and actually come do* u up..n the earth oat of heaven from God. Now, there was one fatbet o' the Church— origen '1 leirned thi« fact only this week)—who had H<.trie- c-imwon sense in th? matter. He af« this: in place of the " presence," or panmtui,m -manif'S atii-n, calaiinatii-g i^ a great conflict, and enditi all .it once the powers of darkness, that all the declarations >if tbe Scripture will be fulfilled by the gradual subjection nf the earth to the gospel— by the slew but sure spread of the truth of Jesus Christ through ail the <-arOi; that there will be no insolent triumph on t hs part of the Saints, and no servile submission on the part of nnbelceven in -ouitj final and desprrate conflict, bnt a growing recognition of the elaitbs of Christ—a gradual acceptance of tliof-e claims so sweetening and broadening society. And that I hold stall to he the true opinion, out it was raihertoo advanced and too sri'it.ual to be accepted tn those days. about theyear 1,000(1,000. you know.isa mystic cumber) there was a geueial <-*pectation of the second coming of Jesus Christ in the clouds of heaven. Thit was doomed to disappointment, and L f mcy that among the A tvent&sts; the spiritual astrologers of that omingtime as the next centnry draws to a close, as the year 2,U(iO approaches (we will not be here tc see), there will be (for tDis ilia sion fli-s h.rd) an in-u>gence, a .-reat rejuvenation, of this expectation of the coming of Christ, in spite of >11 the disappoin<u,enbi the past. There was a m>n nameo -lo&'-him who wrote down a large number of predictions, like Dr. Cummin^s, an i died disappointed in tbe year 1212 A.D In the sixteenth ceutury, of coarse, I he Pope was Anti-Chris-, and ever sinc« has b-en to all haters -if tt-imanism; and then in Oliver Cromwell's time there were the fifth monarchy men borrowing the id'-a from Daniel, and they'ciaimed that the uiiiletiium had come already, and that they were the s+ints who should eutn on the earth. And so in Germ* y after the Thirty Years' War; and so in Kneliud and in Atneiic. It is a very strange thing (yet not strange when one think* of It) that just as when there i- an intense light it casta s mewhere a dark shadow, so whenevet there has been a time of spiritual - revival -a time of risine up of spiritual energy, a- in aoostolic times the days of the Mystics, the time of the Reformation, the Puri an revival, the lime or the hirth oi the mi -i in-try enterprise, the Tractarian movement. and the present display of sociological Christianity there has been accompanying the real thing, as a Bha-iow, a resuigence of the b'd iden that < hrist is actually cowing in the clouds of heaven. Tt is the shadow attending the greater light; it is the astrology golnt side-by side with the true srirituHl astronomy. Now, this spiritual astm'ogy has, of cour-e. had many exhibitions and illustrations in our own tin.e. Forins'&nce;, there are some here who remember the name of Benae! in 1836. Miller (the Araeri an) in 1843, Dr Cumining in 1868 and 1867, and of course, y-'U know that old jest, alwsys true, of f>r. t.'umrainir, that "Cumining events'' are not " coming events." Decidedly not. • remember in "r 1S"1, when I was a school hoy, there was a str tine dntkness of the heavens—an eclipse had heen predicted; it came on eradually. the birds went to rest. ai>d all in.the town where I lived were quskniE with fear that the day of judgment had C'ltne; " Christ wss ermine in the cloud' of heaven," and thi- was the prelude. And only two ;eare befor- that a large comet (the cornet of 186"; some of you remember it) appeared, and that was the precursor of th- Lord Jesus Christ. »nd I have a nearer illustration. On Febfaaiy 26 of this year, in this very neighbourhood, ther- was a magnificent man'festation f the Aurora Anstr-lis. What was siid ? " 1 'h," paid a certain lady, nf whom I heard this week, "if that manifestation had appeared in the east I should have been certain that it was a sign of the coming of the Lord •festt* Christ" Now, th-sb are but illantra tions ot that * pinto-1 astrology, of which I have heen -p-akinE What a folly is all this speculation, idle, vacant, profitless stargazing, and not.h'ng else. It b-ars p-eci-ely the same relati >n to rational re ipion as astr dojrv did to astr-norny and I b-lievp, my friend*, tha.tj.isi a* the old as-rologv • lieil 'iut before the true astronjmy so these thtne's witl die out before tile epreui of soirituil trnth and ra'ional relig on \h but the process is vary slow: Astr inomy has kill-d astrology, and that is a Dro'V>s i hat is very easily demonstrated to anybody, beean>c it is a thing that concerns the «enses and the in ellect. Do not you see that I can far more readily demonstrate a thing that beloncs to th» re'ieion of the intellect than a matter that belongs to tbe soul, ho aui>e the latter i- H question of feeling largely. It is a slow and diffi ult process to chance the feelinc* ill!,! habit- „f a wb-le life, that, are bound up wiih its deepest experiences, t can easily prove th-t the sun is«* millions of miles from this earth, lin< I cinnotsn essily prove tn you the true interpretation of a texi of i-criptn e or wba' is a srin u.l fact in iny own consciousness. That is infinite^ m'Te difficult. 1 can pr-ire to you at once -list t he a»vles at the lja«e nf an Isosceles triai ele are equal, »nd that if tbe equal sides be produced, the sn«le- at the other eide of the base will be eq ial T co:,ld do that very soon, hut it is much -re difficult to prove that this expectation of the early • hristims was an illusion, and was not realize-! in the ex:.et f"rm in which t'-ey expected; but. there was a grand truth in it nevertheless. No, iny friends, we shall have to wait for this kin-t of cemnnsiral-ion. A penttemen, who waa not here last Sunday niffht, s*i.i tome—"I did not hear your «» posit ion of last Sundm evening, but I 'nid-rstaiid that you went i-i'eetly c ntrary to the Bible." "Directly contrary to yr.ur view of the'B ble." I said to my friend "That is jus', the whole question. What due- the B.h'e «»y? What coos the Bible mean on '.his Question?" I say that, just as the new wt-onomr killed the old astr.doey so the true science of Biblical critici«m will kill Ibe spiritual stargazing of wnicli I speak to ni.-ht. It is -ntirely a question of what the Bihle says-its true meaning. On one occasion a Cxlvinist SRid to an Arminian—" Yon believe in a different find from mine " Two different f?"d-' Yes; the G"d of the Hyper-Caivinist U a very different Being from the God of the simple ArminlaiiJ and so I sm perfectly prepared to say to the gentleman in question—" Vou and I believe in two d'fferent Bibles," and I am equally prepared IO have the whole question decided on what the Bib e really does say when historically and properly interpreted Our friends the Advent! ts take the Kible and interpret every single and separate part of the Book as if it stood exactly on thesame le»el rhey take every te^st, literally, as if it had been writteD in the same circumstances and bad sprung up in the same way. They wrench texts from the soil and spiritua 1 climate and atmosphere in which tbey grew as living things, and suspend them tike Mahomet's coffin between heaven and earth, aa if belonging to neither. In a word, their view of the Bihle is wholly uncritical You take «ne of those trees in the sq -are. Kvery one ha» a definite r.Iation to 'h<\- soil in which it is planted and to the climatic conditions that surround it. Its character, size chemical ingredients, are all determined by its pieciue position. Take the same kind of tree in other parts of tbe colony and you will find a difference. Each has a definite relation to lta own soil. You cannot explain tbe tree without the soil, not anytext, o r chapter, »r book of the Bible wit houttakingin to account thetime of its wri tine, the ideas that prevailed at tbat time, the influences that went to mould opinion—all the milieu as the F rench call it—of tbe author, who was a cieature of his age just as much as we are ol ours. That is the science of Biblical criticism; and that, 1 say, will in the Ions run sfll Adventlsm as astronomy baa destroyed ast ology It will take a long time, However—a long, long time—for tiue rational ideas to prevail on this questi on. I repeat what I said isat Sunday nieht. I have seen no cause to change my opinion, an - pinion long standing on the line- I laid down, that this expectation of the second Advent of Jesas Christ in the clouds of heaven. In personal resplendent glory at ordinatily put, is tbe illu-ion of the New l'e«ta.. ment; that is to say, a mere husk or integument, a mere form; but the kernel, the great spiritual truth, is embodied In it; and [ think when that is stripped away and thrown on one sid- the living, spiritual truth will remain in all it* glory and grandeur. I can use a simple kind oi Mtatration. I hope t here are no young children here wh se sweet iilns'ons will be spoilt by it. I beg their pardon if their are any Bat let m« sneak to the young men and women here. You rem-mber, do yon not, the supposed visits of Santa Clans at Christmas time—how tbe stockings were carefully hang up beforehand, and the sweet f-ces went with difficulty to sleep, and next morning there was an early patter of little feet to see what they contained And who brotletit the gifts ? Why. Santa Clou*; he is tbe cood fairy of the little children, who, with bis reindeer, gnes over all the world tbe night "store ChrUtuma, laden with presents, descending sooty chimneys -.nd leaving all sets of psicels for the expectant innocent ones. How del ghte-1 we were. And with wbat perfe t good faith we accepted it all. I had a little boy who believed in it all for years most ihoti.ughly. though before he went away from us he was beginning to be sceptical. Now I put it tu you. Since the fairy St. Mchoia* baa haea dissolved into thin air what have yoa lost? The kind old gen'leman has gone, but ttiere is tbe ti emory of ihe genuine human kindness of father and mother ana friends The fairy is now inciedible, bat ibe fact of human love remains And so in regard lo this mai ter. I say agaih that this expectation of Christ's coming again tn the clouds o' htaven is the iniegumeut, is the Illusion, i< tbe bask (if you like so strong * word) of the fairy story; but there is the grand truth of Christ's p<esence, Chiist's ju-tice, Christ's love, Christ's petpetual power to save. <;hriat is always coming. There is that left just as there is tha*. love of father, motbe , and friends left after -ante Class g>es. Now, I am perfectly convinced tbat Jesus Christ's words wen misunderstood. I rather think they were misrpported We have not in these gospels the pure original, uncoloured, and undistorted teachings nf the Master in regard to these last things. It iB a difficult thin 4 now to recover them. But from all bis other teaching, from the general tenor of his di-conr-ts, and front bis life and spiritual elevation, chi- is cle-tr I think that when we read " This generation shall not pass away tin all these things oe fulfilled," we have the true words of Jesus Christ. HB said on another occui in, " Verily, ver-ly I say unt > you, there be some standing here who shall not taste of death til 1 they see the Son of Man coming in his kingdom." And when he sent the seventy oat to prea :h he added, " Y »th .11 not begone over the cities of [sriel until ye sSall •ee the 8on of Man coining with power." Christ's coming—tliit is to say—was t > be accomplished within the lifetime of th>se fust then lived. That iB perfectly clear Yes; but what was accomplished? I>id Christ co ne in th# ciouda of heaven to t-bat generation? We know he did noL The verdlctof history cannot be evaded. It maybe true that Paal was deceived, and Peter deceived, and Jotin deceived as to the m-re foTm; but tbe verdict of history eannot be gainsaid Ditl He not come in that time, as they expected? Aye. He did come. He came in tbe rhanned hearts of mefi, in the softening of society, in the sipping of heathenism, iu the ending of the Jewish di-nenaation, in the liberation of religion froin its Jewish shell, in tbe destruction of Jerusalem and the Temple, in the downfall of the old religions order, which made w«y for the establishment of ihe new faith. Re came in tbe life aad preaching of Paul to the Gentile world; he came in the gradual but sure establishment »f that Christian spirit and seutimeot*of that ^ew Jerusalem—the Christian Church—which, with all its faults, before three centuries were over had practically the Roman Gmplte and the old heathenism at its fe-t— so that Jalian is reported to hive exclaimed when d<lng, " Thuu has conquered, O Galaleanl" That is the way t'hrisr- came; an-t he is coming in that way still. Ye-; but yoa will say to me, •« What does your text say to-night?" "This same Jesus, which is taken ap fron* you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye hive seeh him go into beaven." Bnt wbo reportB the angels who say this? Wbo records the angels' words? They have not been written verbatim. They have come to us through the haze of tradition and expectation I have been speakingof, and the angel"' words are fill er. d through the lies of the v»ry people who -held thei-e traditions and expectations and had been so far disappointed A»d so you m st get behind the--** t aditions How often was Christ misunderstood? ™ How is it ye will n a understand?" They dl I not ano could not undpretand. " Oh fools and slow of heart to t>eHeve," and so that race of slow hearts and dull a ider-taodings has been perpetuated in its from the beeinning. Well, now, that is what the Church bas been proa" to do -to spiritually stargaze. What the Church ought to do is also perfectly clear—" It is not f<>r y -u tA know the times or the seasons which the Father hath put in Bis own power' —leave that a T one—Why -tand ye garfng n P into heaven?" Fulfil Christ's words. What are these words: " Ve shall receive povr-r after that the Holy Ghost is come apon you: and ve sh-11 be witnesses unto Me bwth in Jerusalem and in all Judea, and in 8»maria, »nd unto the utteTUost parts of the earth." Tarn away, and pwo your proper work. Turn from heaven to earth, from speculation lo service, from the old narrow nationalism, which asks for tbe restoring of tbe Kingdom *o Israel alone, and no to yo ur work of universal"!!!, which means tbe preaching of the R- spel to every creatarfc, and th» brthging in of the Gentile* into the Kingdom of Ond Ye are my wi>ne«ies. Have done witb mere speculation and impossible uietaphvsibs, no ra re looking up Into heaven until yuur necks a e stiff and your sou s are starved, bat work instead. Work for Christ. Tell ihe worl < what vou know o r Christ; stay vouraelvee upon the rock of true positive feeling and experience, and sat on the quaking hug of unc-rtain speculation, for It is not tor you to know the times and the seasons which the father hath put in Bis own power; bat ye -tiali receive power, and thit power shall make you My witnesses. That is your worknot stargszine and met&physfcising.; Yoar work is to be My witnesses. What is a witness? A wi 17688 report - fact*. A witness is one who is not allowed to offer secondhand evidence; a witness has to spe-tk and give evidence of what he knows 0, my friends, have you studied the preaching of the Aoostl-s of the Pffew T-stament, Paul, Pe er, James, and the rest of them? What is it? Very littl of philosophy It is all witne-sit g. w hj (if I "ay say <-o, being a Methodist), it is all inspired lovefeost talk; talking of th' truth, in a dlr-c:.. downright positive f«shiO", spexk'ng what cli£y knew. Whv is the best sermon 'he grandest sermon ever preached by Paul? He preached it fifty times at least. If a pieacher nowadays preaches the same sermon twice he is told of it; Hut Paul pre ched it fifty times, a d what ir>« it? It was simply the st"ry of bis conversion; bow he round Christ; how his life was changed. He preached it over and <>ver again. Peul had one sermon, thank nod; aud it was one long witne-s for Christ. He was not a _ stargAter; he did not speculate, but tried to bring the troth co human hearts and human htatths. Like Socrit.es, who brought phi'osopby from the clouds to the kitchen, Paul, John, and James brought their le- Iigi«tls teachings down fmm Heaven to earth " Ye *hall be witnes es unto Me"—tn real men, for real practical ends. What has the Churrh been doing ? I am sick of the rh-ologisms of tbe Charch- its dogmatisms and all the 'antastical weblike creeds fahricitedto bind men's consciences. " It Is not for you to know the tiH.es or the seasons whfth the Father hath pat in His own power. . . . Ye are My witness^." Do you know the old story of Antffius in 'he Greek mythology? Antaens was only strong when he kept his feet in contact wiih the earth. He challenged H-rcules to cuu.ba.<; but all H»rcules had to do was to lift him from the gr und and then hug him to death. ^o long as Antnus touched the earth he remained firm — he was invincible; tint Hercules, knowing the secret, ufted him off the earth and then quietly squeezed tbe breath out of hiin. So with the Church. So long as the Church kept its feet on the earth, so long as itB feet touche'i the solid ground, and it bad faith like the bl nd ican mention id iu the fourth Gospel, whom Christ healed- "One thing I know ; I can't be bothered about the metaphysics of the matter; I don't know anything about whether he is the Messiah or no; > ut one thing I know, that whereas I was blind now I see" — sr. long it lives, like Aniasus, so long as tbe Church keepi it- feet on tbe earth, and seeks the ractictl benefit of hnroaniti— so long as it S ractise- ihe religion of humanity—it will persist; ut when its religion is stargaziiu; for some sensational Second Advent, simply waiting in idleness or despsir unt>l some one comes from Hesven t-n redress man's woeB, the world will and n.nst turn away in disgust. I read a pamphlet just this last week about this question, and it says this;—"Christianity is a failure in its mod-rn a-pect, as it concerns the conversion of the world. Reverend -irs are chary at he outlook, as well they may be, but oh, this blindness! Is Christianity doing all that they cla<m by their show of progress? Is it keeping pace with the development of humanity? Is there anything like a orrespondi'-g increase? Then by J hat process is the world tn be converted?" \"ow I would cast back tho*e qu-stions upon the brother who puts them, and I answer it is because you have been uiven up so much to stargazing, and not to the true work that lies before you. Try that instead of waiting for the mystic coming. Try to bring Christ down, and if you want to bring Him I am per ectly assured He will come in the way He always ha come—>n the amelioration of wrong and in the betterment of the race Ynu kn"w, my friend?, do sou not, those lines of Oliver Wendell H -ltnes, so cleveily and punp' titiy satirical. He prefaces tbein by saying that he would have bee more nervousibout thelatecomet if he bad thought the world *ras ripe. But certain thi- g" he feel- must come to pass before we get the milleniutn Here are some of his "Latter-day Warnings" :— When legislatots keep the law, Wh-n Banks dispense with bolts and looks, When berri s, whortle. rasp, and straw, Grow higg«r floirnwrrrlG ' hro-iph the box, When he that selleth house or land Shows leak in roof or fUw in right, Wb-n haberdashers choo-e the stand Whose window h»tb tbe broadest light. When prmch-rs tell us all th-y think And party leaders all they mean. When wbat we pay for, fi^t we drink, From re*l grape nd c ffee-bean. When lawyers take what th»y would give. And doctor" give what they would take; When City Fathers eat to live, Save when they fast for conscience sake. When one that hath a horse on sale shall brio; his merit to the proof Without a li? 'or every n .il That holds the iron on the hoof. Till then let Camming blate atvay, And Miller's saints blow up die glebe; But whea yoa see that blessed day. Then order your ascension robe[ Now, the other day our Chief Secretary {If an going to close with this), io tbe presence of the Lord Bishop and in tbe presence of the Lieutenant- Governor of tbe colony, at the School for tbe Blind, used these remarkable words (I would that they were written in letters < f gold on tue walls of every Church in this land);—" He said be believed Mm building, once a Church, in which the blind were now being taught to he p themselver, would be M sacred in God's sinht as any Church, and it w «id indeed be a happy thing if more of the Churches were put to so good a use. Labour, which has beta made sacred by tbe Carpenter of Nazareth, Was now being carried on there. The brushes made by tbe blind were, to his nrinri, worth more than all the theological wprss in the Bishop's library; and even ihe boiling pitchpot* in which the blit d w*tt dipping the bristles for their «oi k sent upanlncemn more sacred and acceptable to God than that issuing from any censer swung in a grand Cathedral." Perfectly true—'rue «very word of it. That is tbe true spirit of Jesus Christ—"Yean Mv wi-nesses." Let us give ourselves to spread the leaven of Christ's love over tbe. viorld, tn. conquer the world for Chiist,and when. we.baT4 done our duty, every one 6f us, to the »eiy extremeet tin of OUT fingers, to the last Shred ot our mu-cles and the last- beat of onr bear's, -then, and not till t en, are we entitled to look f ir sonic miraculous vision which shall absolve ui from toil. Christ is coming all the time, and I believe He tl here to-night in this place. 