NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY OUTIS.) The correspondence which appeared in fh.is paper yesterday on the laughably mat- tor of fact end of that "at home"\vith "Geor gia," "Cissy," and other famous ghosts -cpresents tho ctiquctto of spookdom in a somewhat peculiar light. A gentleman who was invited to meet this distinguished company of visitors from shadowland doubted the identity of some of them, aud determined to see that no imposition was being practised. Hence, when introduced to spoolc "Cissy," he proceeded to investi gate, and, lo, her spookship turned out to he the flesh and blood "medium." This conduct is described by certain persons as outrageous and grossly insulting, not to the spook, whose genuineness was submit ted to such a rude test, but to the lady whom he grabbed in mistake for it. To me it appears that if anybody has cause to de nounce him it Is "Cissy." She was, like "Tom, doing splendidly" — coquetting with a circle of rapt admirers, who stood un limited chocolate creams, and entertained her with singing and auto-harp instru mentation, when this modern Didymus, with his insulting scepticism, must inter fere and spoil everything. If there was any outrage, therefore, this gentleman offered it to the chocolate gourmandislng ghost, who meanly retaliated upon the medium by, as we are told, dragging her out of her cabinet minus shoes and stock ings, and leaving her to hear the brunt' of explaining matters, while she incontinently bolted. Whether this is considered spook like conduct on the part of "Cissy" — that Is, a fair thing between spook and me dium — I do not know, hut seeing tho good time has had, one would have expected to lime she has had, one would have expectd to f nd her displaying a little more loyalty, not to speak of gratitude, towards her earthly associate. But returning to the charge against the gentleman whose action caused the whole of this grotesque "esclandre." Of course, on the principle of when in Rome doing as Romans do, it may he said that when you seek tho company of spooks you ought to respect their ways and peculiarities, which require that a great deal should be taken on trust. I think, however, that this can only fairly apply after a man is satisfied that he Is amongst spooks. All that was done apparently in this case was to seek some such assurance. Probably if "Cissy" had met the doubter in a frank and open way, instead of playing up as she did, he would hare asked no more questions, and the whole trouble might have been averted. Why, then, should the medium blame hlin for what happened? If he knew that it was Hie medium, and that it was a recog nised part of the business for her to he out on the floor disguised, when they wore supposed to consider her in a cabinet, aud tiien spoiled the seanco by grabbing her, such conduct might be open to question as a rude interference with a harmless amusement. But he thought he was dealing with "Cissy," and, according to the me dium and others, that assumption was cor rect. In justice to all parties concerned, therefore, if "Cissy" is an honorable spook, she will lose 110 time in returning to put this much mixed up matter right. She is required to confound the scoffer; to vindi cate from unmerited aspersion the charac ter of a man whose only offence was a desire to make her acquaintance, and to prove the bona fides of her medium, whom she is accused of having placed in a lu dicrously false position. If she shirks this duty, she is not a spook whom any fair- minded person will care to know. I think "Geordie" is also under some obligation to come forward and make an affidavit. respecting that black beard which is alleged to have for gotten to "dematerialise" before It fell into the hands of the unbeliever. If he values the honor of a spook, he will come right out and beard the sceptic in Ills den. There is nothing In convincing people who already helive. The military federation conference which sat in Sydney this week was fully deter mined to baffle the Machiavellian inquisl- tiveness of any European Power that thought to get a report of its momentous proceedings. Anticipating that Trance, Germany, and Russia would apply their ear to the keyhole, "two stalwart artillerymen" were stationed outside to defeat that low- down, eavesdropping manoeuvre. And the result was so far successful that what we intend to do in case of war breaking out remains a profound secret, not a single international emissary having caught a syllable of the discussion. "Whether this was altogether due to the presence of the two warriors who kept t lie door is in some Quarters, however, scornfully questioned. Constable O'Bog, for one, 1ms strong doubts on the question, besides believing that the deputing of such duty to the military is a slur on the police force of Sydney and an Insult to the county Cork into the bargain. It certainly does seem that what two artil lerymen could do in the way of "moving on" any possible loiterers round the confe rence door could have boon done equally well by a couple of common policemen. Thord' is no use in having the military out even for show-off purposes unless the thing is done in style. If a battalion of artillery with a battery of field guns, supported by infantry, had been stationed at the door, the warning to Europe against eavesdrop ping might have had groat moral effect; but two unarmed bombardiers in pipe-clayed holts and ridiculous little caps which require the whole attention of the men to keep in position at a perilous angle on tlieir bumps of destructiveness, could hardly be credited with adding much inipressiveness to the conference. And unless that Is what they were there for, it is difficult to see why they were wanted at all. A Cabinet can hold its secret meetings without a guard at the door, and there is no apparent need, for generals when sitting round a table dis cussing a plan of defence, to bawl at each other as if Niagara was roaring between them. If they held tlieir meeting in the ordinary way, without any military demon stration at the door, the chances are that not a soul would have known it was going on. That would have ensured perfect se crecy, but at the sacrifice of Imposing effect. Hence probably the pair of artil lerymen. So long, however, as the prying eyes and ears of Europe have been baffled, the conference is to be congratulated, , Out of the fit members of Parliament who were relegated to private life at tho recent Victorian elections, only six have been honest enough to give up their rail way passes. Furthermore, it is stated that the Commissioners have knowledge of some of them being fraudulently used, hut "there is a desire not to make a pub lic display of the names of the offenders" pending the issue of a circular threatening prosecution if the swindle be not discon tinued. Why there should be any squeamisliness about publishing the names of men guilty of such a mean fraud upon nil already oppressed and down-dragged taxpayer is not easy to see. If a swagman got into a Victorian train with the inten tion of obtaining a free ride to which he was not entitled, there would be no such hesitation. Instead of tho Commissioner sending liim a confidential letter to let him lenow that If he did not desist he would have to be prosecuted, they would get him arrested on sight. The offence of ex-mem bers of Parliament who travel on passes which they have no longer any right to Is worse, and offers less excuse: but be- cause proceeding against them would in volve publicity of their names, they are approached gingerly by circular. What is tills but offering a premium for the mean est kind of fraud to men with "names" to protect them against tho penalties which fall upon ordinary offenders? By the way, have all the ex-mcmbers who went down in the general election hero passed in their checks yet? Mr. Affleck : ought to ask a question about it. I 