Childpeja^ Cqwogp* B'S BETTER, NO, 3, About Something Sweet. Dear Ch&dr;« Nt—Before^ I wing my flight further throughuages pa*k^. I; want? you to understand just one , thirig^ arid thjsis, I never study. No doubt, you envy me in this, I havenot to pass., any preliminary exam^ ncr/do I take degrees, at the University,' I am made perfeot fot my object in life by my good Creator— and I can, never daany harm, for I always follow the instinct*,which has been given me by God, as a law. You: may object,, my sting is rather painful! Yet. I never use it, except in compliance with this law —and then it is at the cost of my own life. I fancy that you, who follow reason, must think, I should rather not sting, than lose my life. But you will say, the bees sometimes carry on a fierce warfare with one another. Quite true. But this only happens when there are more queens than one. We carry out the law strictly, that no one can serve two masters, even should they be mistresses, and the superfluous ones must yield, and I think mankind could learn a very valuable lesson from us here. Well, following this natural instinct, which we call law, in swarming we are obedient to the will of man, in allowing ourselves to be placed in the hive prepared for us. If no provision be made for us by man, we seek a home for ourselves, mostly in the shady recesses of the forest, where the hollow trees afford us a suitable home, though not so secure as the spots provided for us by man. For there are marauders in the forest that lay siege to our peaceful homes, especially our wingless relations the ants, and are set upon plundering our stores. In spite of this, many a weary man is refreshed on his way by the bountiful provision we make for him in the wilds. Had you lived just over three thousand years ago, you might have once met in a forest a young warrior, Jonathan by name, a son of King Saul, and a bosom friend of David, as told in the bible. He was almost sinking from exhaustion, for he had made a terrible onslaught on the Philistines, the enemies of the people of God, and had put them to flight. What should greet him in the forest but the luscious honey comb, which offered him a most welcome invitation. With a staff he held in his hand he helped himself plentifully to the delicious food, and found himself quite regaled. For this he well nigh forfeited his life—not that the honey was hurtful, for it invigorated him ; but because his father, the King, seeing that the enemy was put to flight, in his ardour to pursue them, pronounced an oath, which Jona than did not hear, that cursed should be the man who would taste anything till evening. However, the voice of the people saved Jonathan, on account of the salvation he had wrought thatday in Israel. (I Kings xiv.) You must not think it vanity if wo put forth high claims to honor. We take an illustrious place in the history of the salvation of man. A little less than two thousand years ago, if you had strayed some distance from Jerusalem, alocg the banks of the river Jordan, you would have met with a most extraordinary figure. This was John the Baptist. He had left the haunts of man, and led a lonely life in the wilderness. He was the very picture of austerity, though himself a Saint. Hie was even born a Saint, and according to the words of Christ, no greater was born of woman. Although he had committed no sin, and was so holy, he did great penance, and preached pen ance to the vast multitudes that came out to the desert to hear him, teHing them that penance was the only way to appease God'and save their souls. He was not a reed shaken by the wind, not a man clothed in soft garinents, as those who dwell in the housps of kings, not a prophet, but as Christ testifies, more than a prophet, an angel, as it were, sent to prepare the way of the Lord, His garment was made of camel's hair, and a leathern belt around his loinB. And his food 1 Locusts-and wild Jwtiey. You see, dear children, how my ancestors followed the call of God, and provided food for John the Baptist in this desert place. John the Baptist was as sweet as honey to the repentant sinner, whilst he had a sharp sting of reproach for hypocrites, the Scribes and Pharisees, who came out into the desert to find fault with him. Only read the New Testament, St. Matthew iii,, 1 to 13, and St. Luke iii., 1 to 18. Now this was over 1,800 years ago. Now comes a popjst pleasipg recollection for my fAmUy, a^^#^ead it in the NBw Testririeht,#iyImkexxiv:. 48. Our honeytomfe ^ ;thBn «aioted the greatest honor ever "done it., ■ It was after the resurrection of,. Jesus Christ, when He appeared in the .midst of His disciples. They looked uppp Him as a ghost, and would hardly believe it was He, buMtill werefiUedwi^h pupriWr He asked thw, "ifftvfl yqii anything,here ,to eat 1,, For. HesriiMton$ * mei»4)bantom, ,bpt that Hq had a res/i substantial body. "And they offered Hun apiece of broiled fishand a honeycombs" And whan He. had eaten before them, taking the remains, He gave -to thenu I hope, dear children, you/Will keep all:thpse little incidents in your memory; and whenever you see roe on my . busy bight, or ,wet<ch. me, at my workj you will think, of tlip etories I have been' huminji^ to,. you Ajaieii for the present from,your s weetest little friend, . ' b. Acnt . Eily acknowledges receipt of very nice letter froin Her young correspond dent;, Annie Herreep, and thanks her for. the same. It was well little Annie added " age; nine years," or. Aunt Eily would hanlly have guessed that such a neat and. interesting letter was-written by one so young. .Now that Annie has set the good example, Aunt Eily trusts some more young readers - will imitate her. 