LITERATURE. BOOKS UP TO DATE. ,J That the critical spirit of modernised frpan is now indirectly aiding rather than Opposing the elTorts of foreign bigotry to destroy the simple, happy beliefs of the people, and substitute those cruel super stitions which the West has long intellec tually outgrown — the fancies of an unfor giving God and an everlasting hell — is sure ly to be regretted. More than a hundred nnd sixty years ago Ivaorapfer wrote of the Japanese: 'In tho practice of virtue, in purity of life and outward devotion they far outdo tho Christians.' And, except where native morals have suffered by foreign contamination, as in the open ports, these words are true of the Japanese to-day. My own conviction, and that of many and Impartial and more experienced observers of Japanese life, is that Japan has nothing Whatever to gain by conversion to Chris tianity, either morally or otherwise, but Very much to lose." Thus Mr. Lafcadio Hearn, in the introduction to his admirable two volumes, "Glimpses of Unfamiliar Ja pan." No discriminating reader can look Into their pages without concluding that few of the "more experienced observers" the writer modestly refers to could have seen more clearly the special features of difference between the happiest land of the East and those countries which we asso ciate with our highest conception of pro gress and civilisation. And no writer has ever expressed more charmingly bis ex periences and conclusions. When the first of these sketches appeared in American Serial publications, the force and purity of Mr. Hearu's diction, the wide range of knowledge displayed In appraising tbe Japan of to-day, and measuring its facts with those of other countries, and the prescience displayed in avoiding the commonplace and revealing to readers much that is unexpec ted and striking, immediately riveted criti cal attention. Mr. Hearn was at once hail ed as a descriptive writer of the highest rank, apart from his other qualities, and dozens of fine passages prove the sound ness of this judgment. Here is one, telling of the approach to the Cave of the Chil dren's Ghosts, which none may visit "when there Is wind enough to move three hairs"— 'As we pass into the open, following the Westward-trend of the land, we find our selves gliding over an ink-black depth, in front of one of the very grimmest coasts I ever saw. A tremendous line of dark iron- colored cliffs towering sheer from the sea, Without a beach, and with never a speck of green below their summits; and along this terrible front, monstrous beethlngs, breech es, fissures, eartbquake-rendings and top- lings-down. Enormous fractures show lines of strata pitched up skyward, or plunging down into the ocean with tbe long fall of cubic miles of cliff. Before fantas tic gaps, prodigious masses of rock, of all nightmareish shapes rise from profundities, tmfathomed. And though the wind to-day seems trying to hold its breath, white breakers are reaching far up tho cliffs, and dashing their foam into the faces of the splintered crags. . . Along this goblin coast on a wild day there would be no pos sible chance for the stoutest boat or the Strongest swimmer; there is no place for the foot, no hold for the hand, nothing but the 9ea raying against a precipice of iron. Even to-day, under tbe feeblest breath im aginable, great swells deluge us with spray as they splash past. And for two long faours this jagged frowning coast towers by; and as wo toil on rocks rise around Us like black teeth; and always, far away, the foam-bursts gleam at the feet of the Implacable cliffs." It would be impos sible,, even in many columns of review and quotation, to give an idea of the immense range of subject covered by this book, of the strange by-ways of nature, life, cus- ! torn, and faith among which the reader is Bo ably guided, or its complete and vivid presentation of romantic, grotesque, and terrifying pictures. It is, iudeed, unfami liar Japan that Mr. Hearn introduces us to, not the show place of the tourists. Here is a weird depiction of certain re ligious proceedings In and about a Budd hist temple, which should fill our spook- raisers with envious despair. Goblins are part of the machinery of Japanese Budd hism; a great Buddhist Teacher is sup posed to have "assumed the shape of a goblin to preach to such as were to be Converted by a goblin." "Then we looked at the Yaraa-Uba — 'The Mountain Nurse.' She catches little children and nurses them for a while, and tlieu devours them. In her face she has no mouth, but she has a mouth in the top of her head under her hair. The Yama-Uba did not clutch at Us, because her hands were occupied with a nice Uttle boy whom she was just going to eat. The child had been made wonder fully pretty to heighten tho effect. Then I Baw the spectre of a woman hovering in the air, above a tomb at some distance, 60 that I felt safer in observing it. It had fio eyes; Its long bail hung loose; its white robe floated ligbt as smoke. . . . Then I jumped again, for the thing, quite Boundlessly, but very swiftly, made through tho air at me." No book of travel and observation can be more unreservedly re commended than "Glimpses of Unfainiilar (Japan. " From Angus and Robertson we have an advance copy of the "Complete Works of Alfred Lord Tennyson." This edition,. , Which Is to be issued at seven shillings and sixpence, presumably includes every thing written by the late Laureate, which his literary executors intend to preserve in public form. In the order of its pro duction, everything is arranged, from the striking juvenile poems to the dramas With which the Laureate occupied the even ing of his life, and if this order is once plightly broken by placing, the exquisite "Crossing the Bar" at the end of tbe Volume, that is surely Its proper place. There ore few books of nearly 900 pages containing so much noble poetry. A few comparative trivialities and feeblenesses, chiefly in compliment to persons, might better have been left out, and in the few efforts he has made to bo terse and epi grammatic, tho great singer has not ac complished anything of particular aptitude Dr merit. That Tennyson's genius re mained unimpaired to the end Is shown by Znany fine passages in his later writings, Ilk© this from "St. Teleraachus," which re- Calls the strength and beauty of the "Holy Grail " : "'And once a flight of shadowy fighters erost The disk, and once, he thought, a shupe with wings, Came sweeping by him, and pointed to the West. And at his ear he heard a whisper 'Rome.' And in his heart he cried 'The call of God!' 'And called, arose, and, slowly plunging down Thro' that disastrous glory set his face By waste and field, and town of alien tongue, Following a hundred sunsets, and the sphere Of westward-wheeling stars; and every dawn Struck from him his own shadow on to Rome." (Both to the central thought and tho detail Of this splendid poem, Mr. William Wat- Bon's "Dominie Quo Vadis?" seems in debted, : " In Furthest Ind " is among the most noticeable of recently published novels. Tho writer, Mr. Sydney C. Grler, seeks to present through tbe medium of fiction some Df the possibilities of European life in the East during the expansion of the British Empire, and while English and French in terests were opposing each other. It is a readable and picturesque story, containing Btrangely dramatic elements. "The Eman cipated," by Gcorgo Gissing, appears in the paper livery of Dell's Indian and Colo nial Library, at the price of half a crown. "Tho Cono House" is one of Amelia E. JBarr's tales of homely pathos, having to klo with Scotch folk of the Mull of Gallo- fway. Colonel Richard Savage is to the lore with a new version of "The Flying Halcyou," in which adventures and sensa tional Incidents tread on each other's heels. Love in Idleness" is a pleasant little story by Marion Crawford, in a lighter vein than that ingenious writer usually indulges. "'Under the Rose" Is a collection of Mr. F. Anstoy's contributions to "Punch," with Illustrations by J. B. Partridge. "The Life lind Opinions of Tristram Shandy," with Introduction by Charles Whibley, appears Iin two large well-printed volumes for the delight of Laurence Sterne's admirers. There is a new cheap edition of Wybert Reeves's "From Life," and the second vol ume of Annie S. Swan's magazine, " The Woman at Home," has arrived. Max O'Rell's "La Malson John Bull and Cie" contains that lively writer's observations aud libels on us in his native language. "The Yellow Fairy Book," compiled, of course, by Andrew Lang, contains a large and choice collection of fairy tales. "Cori- don's Song, and Other Verses" Is a very dainty presentation of certain rustic and pastoral poems of the Izaak Walton period and mood, illustrated by Hugh Thompson, and edited by Austin Dobson. "Tho Scot tish Songstress" is a biographical sketch of Caroline, Baroness Nairne, by her great- grand niece. "Cicero and the Fall of the Roman Re public," treated of by J. L. Stracban- Davidson, is tho latest edition to the Heroes of Nations series. "Adam Lind say Gordon," by J. Howlett-Ross, is a moraoir of the poet's life, together with poems and prose sketches from his pen, not generally known. The verse reprinted here does not exhibit Gordon at bis best, while, as a prose writer, or a politician, he never showed special aptitude. "A Hand Book to the Study of Natural His tory," edited by the Lady Isabel Mar- gisson, with an introduction by Sir Mount- Stuart E. Grant-Duff, presents a number of papers on the subject by writers of estab lished reputation. "The Publishing House of Rivington" gives the history of a not able firm from its foundation in 1811 to the present time. "Confidential Talks with Women," by Lyman B. S. Perry, M.D., and having a recommendatory note by Francis E. Wlliard, is a book which every woman should read, and bid her daughters to read. In "The Making of Manhood," W. J. Dawsonj supplied o. number 'of thoughtful chapters on. moral restraint, physical cultivation, and the qualities and observances which go to make up the healthy, well-balanced human organisation. "The English Novel," by Walter Raleigh, goes over the history of the evolution of English fiction from the earliest times to the appearance of "Waverley." "First Aid to the Injured, and Management of the Sick" is a valuable hand-book of ele mentary nursing, and of instruction con cerning the way to act in emergencies, by E. J. Lawless, M.D. "In His Steps," by the Rev. J. R. Miller, D.D., is "a book for young Christians, setting out to follow Christ"; and "The Last of the Prophets," a study by tho Rev. J. Feather of the life and teachings of John the Baptist. "Social Aspects of Christianity," by Professor R. Ely, of the John Hopkins University, is a publication of tbe Bellamy Library; while in "The Gold-fields of Western Australia," by W. H. Barker, a useful guide book is supplied on the subject, furnished with maps. 