THE NOVELIST. TH' BOGGART O' TH' MILL, Bt JULIA HACK, Author of "Glen Gordon," "The Crew of the Jolly Sandboy," Ac. CHA.VTER V. Farewell, my heme, my home no longer now, Witness of many a calm and happy day; And toon, fair eminence, upon whoBe brow Dwells the last sunshine of the evening ray; Farewell my home, where many a day has past In joye whose loved remembrance long shell last. —Southey. A sad day at the Moor Farm. Outside the robins sang gaily upon the autumn-tinted trees, telling each other, per haps, that winter was ooming, and letitoome. There were berries in plenty upon the hedges; they were not afraid of starving. Not they ! Winter would soon be past, and then, aba! for the glad spring-time. But no euoh song of j hope is beard within the farmhouse to-day; the brightness is all outside with the robins. Hetty's voice is silent and her father sits in j his high-baoked oaken ohair the pioture of despair. He looks many years older than I when wo saw him in the hayfield three short | months ago. His tall spare figure is bent, more with oare than age, and his blue eyes have loBt their look of smiling oontent, and now speak only of sorrow and re signation. This farmhouse kitohen is not suoh a one as ] you may see any day of the week. For two hundred years busy feet have worn the broad granite flags hollow, while generation, after | generation of thrifty housewives have rubbed the dark oak furniture to a degree of perfec tion seldom seen in these day e of fashion and Frenoh polish. The wide oaken rafters are I black with age, And the depth of the lattioe j window sills bears witness to the thickness of the stout old walls. The Moor Farm was built in the days when men grudged neither time nor trouble in the rearing of their bouseB. Ben Oros8land was as muoh a relio of the past as his homestead. He could traoe back his anoestry through three centuries, and waB as proud of his name as any nobleman in the land. Originally the Moor Farm belonged to the Crossland family; the house having been built by a sturdy yeoman of that name in the stirring days of Oliver Oromwell. Some sixty years ago the small estate passed into other bands; but hitherto this had made little difference, and it was only on rent day that " Owd Ben" was able to realize j that the land he cultivated and the house in which he lived were not his own. The time oame, however, when the faot was foroed upon him in a manner never to be forgotten. It was the 29th of Sep tember, and Holt had sent him notice to quit. The old man looked stunned by the mis fortune. He sat in hit big elbow ohair, bis white bead bowed, his eyes wandering vaguely round the room, yet returning again and again to the ominous strip of paper on the table. Hetty sat athia feet,silent, lor her | heart was too full for words, and the loud ticking of the tall olook in the corner, or the fall of an ember upon the white hearth, alone broke the stillness. The old farmer's eyes traversed the room I slowly, lingering over eaoh artiole of furniture | as if it represented some precious memory. And it was true. The place was peopled by the ghosts of his past life. Beside yonder I dresser bis mother was wont to stand, sorting ; and tying up her herbs. In that arm-ohair his grandmother sat for many a year, patiently knitting socks for her ohildren and ner chil dren's obildren. All gone now—all but himself and Hetty. His eyes have reaohed the door now. It seems but yesterday that he brought home | bis bride, the bonny bright-faoed girl who was to be the light of bis hearth. All gone ! Tears gathered slowly in his dim eyes and blotted out the viBion of the poBt. With a 1 long tremulous Bigb he roused himself and looked down fondly at ths anxious young face j at his knees. " I didna' think he'd ha' done it, Hetty, lass. It's rather npset me like—I won't deny it'a upset me. Somehow I niver gave it a thought as wn could ha' notice to quit. Orosslands o' the Moor Farm! Nay I I didna' think he'd { ha' done it." "Nobody but Mr, Holt would," replied Hetty, burning with wrath and indignation. "He's a bad man, father —a hard bad man." "Nay, he's none bad, my lass—not to say j had—but hard, yes. He allua wor a bit hard even when we was boys together at th' school yonder; and yet there wor times when he'd show hisself kind-hearted. 1 mind onoewhen j owd Granny Baker lost her pig—th' nnte wor ripe, and we wor all off a-nutting, and rare fun we had; but Riohard warn't there; he j giv it up and spent the day seeking the owd 'ooman's pig. Ay, Richard's a kind heart wi' j all his rough ways." Hetty's eyes brightened; in youth hope springs readily; besidos, was not Riobard Holt Dick's father ? It was pleasant to think | that after all he was a kind man. "He'll perhaps think better of it, father," she oried, cheerfully. "It he really good-hearted he will change, his j mind." Crossland shook bis head, "Nay, my lass 1 Richard's none the mon to ohange. What he eays he etioks to, right or ] wrong." "I don't call that kind,"observed Hetty. " Child 1 Thou'rt too yonng to understan'; ' Th' heart ia deoeitfu' above a' things;' niver a truer word i' th' Bible nor that. A moo's heart is na unlike a forgot garden, there's happen a choice flower m th' bed, bat th' weeds are that thiok it's welly hidden. Holt's temper rayther got the mester of him of late years, and I doubt he's ow' fond o' | brass." I "Mrs. Holt will say a word for as," said Hetty. "I want no one'e word," returned Cross land, lifting his head proudly; " I canna be | takkin' favours at tbreesoore an ' ten. Nay, my Hetty I we'll ha' to flit. It'll none be for long." I'll soon be following iny dear lass to the churchyard. It'll none be for long." Hetty'e eyes filled. She knew well bow etrongly attoohed her father was to the old homestead. If he were driven from it she was sure he would die, heart - broken and wretohed; was there no way .of saving him from this grief? Her father would never stoop to ask a favour from his landlord, but she herself might petition for delay. Her cheeks burned hotly at the thought; but if this was the only wajr in which the old man oould be saved she would not shrink from the-pain and mortification. If time were granted the arrears of rent oould be paid. The enterprise oalled for no little courage, for if Holt were rough in his manner to toe world generally, he was anrly in the extreme toward* Hetty. She was far enough from [ guessing the true reason for this rudeness; Diok had never told her for reasons of hit o wn.' Hetty had tuoh high notions, so he said to himself,-what if she should tell him it wae his duty to obey his father. When Hetty set out that afternoon she ohose the quiet field paths rather than' the village; for she did not wish the neighbours to guest her errand. Ac rhe walked down the steep Friar's Oroft her father's words ooourred to her mind. "Holt's temper's got th'mester on him—and he'sow'r fond o'brass." She knew how true it was, The old man was fond of money and his temper was hot; bow small was her ohanos of suooess. Her heart beat fast as she neared the Mill Farm. Holt was in the yard; he was busy loading a oart with manure, and when he saw her an ugly frown settled upon his bronzed faoe.' He took no notioe of her, and went on with his work without turning his head. Hetty's courage ebbed; her knees trembled, and her heart fluttered like a frightened bird. It is not easy to address a person who will not look at you. "Mr. Holt," she said desperately, "I've oome to see you about the rent. If you will kindly give us time we shall be able to pay up what we owe." Holt made no reply keeping his back towards her, he went on filling hia oarb, at j though he did not hear. But the fieroB energy of his movements betokened rising anger. Now the ice was broken Hetty's fears sub sided. "Mr. Holt," she said steadily, "my father is an eld man; and if you turn him out of bis homestead you will break hit heart. I ask you to havtrpatience." " Ay, to be sure!" interposed Holt roughly,. " some folks seem to expect a mon to be alius puttinV bis band into his breeches pocket. Give! give! give! alius th' same owd' tale. I wonder your fey ther's none 'shamed to ax it." "Father does not aBk you to give him any-, thing," oried Hetty indignantly. " All we want is time—only time." " Only time 1 harkee here!" he echoed, as if appealing to the universe. *' Only time ! she ; says, as_if time were nought. Time is money, netty Orossland; let me tell you that." "Iknowib,"repliBd the girl firmly, "that is just why I ask you to wait. We can pay you weu enough if you'll give us time to reoover our losses. You must know, Mr. Holt, Jiow we got behind with the rent. There was mother's long illness and—and the funeral; then the burning of father's riok. That was a great Iobs. " " And whose fault were that 1" he retorted, ! driving bis fork into the ground and leaning upon it; "didn't I say to him, 'Ben,'says I, 'them fields isna fit tooarry,'an'did he tak' heed ? - Not he, and then he axes me to wait for my rent 1" " He does not ask," said Hetty, with a flash of anger. "Father would sooner die than ask a favour from you. Mr. Holt. I asked—and I'm sorry I did." "Boam I,"growled the old man. "Fact is, Hetty Orossland, you ax—an' you dun' know what you ax for. Gels isn't likely to know. It stands to reason, if your feyther oanna pay th' rent now, he'll be Isib able to pay it in a six months, or maybe a year. Rent is like a snowball, th' longer it runs th' heavier it gets." "Tbst is true,"replied Hetty, quick to notice a softening in the old man's voioe, "but you see, Mr. Holt, there really are good reasons for our being so short of money just now, and if you would wait" " Wait! wait!" interrnp'ed Holt turning sharply upon her, " I tell thee lass I oanna wait, and I wunnot! How's a mon tomak' ends meet i' times like this? What wi' fules and knaves, honest folk are like to be ruined. I've worked hard for th' bit o1 brass I've got, but for a' that, I'll happen end my days i' th' workhus." Hetty was unwise enough to smile at this dismal and highly improbable foreboding. " You may laugh if you've a mind, Hetty Grosland," said the farmer, angrily. "Its easy laughin' at other folk'a miefortins. Yon happen think nobody has trouble but youraen. A mon'a own shoe alius pinahes worsen his neighbour's. I ax you now, hdw's a mon to make a mill pay when he has to deal wi' suoh a pack of fules. Look ye there," pointing to a pioturesque old mill which was visible from the farmyard, " there's not a mon i' th' village as'll work there when it gets a bit darkish. And then they expect a full day's pay. Oh, yes, mind you, they mun be paid, choose who goes wi'out." "That seems very silly," Baid Hetty, trying by sympathy to atone for her ill- timed mirth. " Silly 1 It's fair icTiotio 1 but there's no reasoning wi* fules. Look you, Hetty Cross laud, there's the house agen the mill—as goad & .n. Mnnurfno .nJ it.'. *11 f.llln' a house as any i' Mooredge—and ib'e all fallin' to pieces for laok of a tenant. Th'cowards is afraid o' Boggarts, and not a man of em' will live there; no, not if I'd gin it 'em rent free." " How senseless 1" exclaimed Hetty, "why, there are no suoh things as Boggarts." 1 " No such things as Boggarts 1" eohoed Holt, raising his voice. " If tbou'lt git folk to believe as yon mill is no hanntsd, why, I'll give thee leave to put that notioe paper i' th' fire; and that's my last word, Hetty Orossland." Apparently it was, for he shouldered his pitchfork and walked off there and then, with out giving Hetty time to reply, or troubling himself to say good-by to her. j Hetty stood for a moment looking after I him, then she turned and walked sadly away. Thatlast tantalizing speech had aggravated the sense of failure. To re-establish the obaraoter of " Holt's Mill" would indeed be a hard task. That the miller considered it not only hard but impossible was evident, or he would have made no euoh rash promise. But was it im possible ? Holt was not as bard-hearted as as he chose to appear. In spite of bis anger and hiB stubborn self-will, he was touched by the girl's j courage and devotion to her father. Even as ■ he shouldered his pitohfork, and walked off in surly defiance, he said to himself, " Yon's a fine lass, and a good 'un. A downright good 'un, 'oo'll mak' a rare wife for Borne bo'd lad, bnt not for Diok." Not for Diok—that was certain. Well might " owd Ben" say of his neigh bour, that, right or wrong, he was "not the mon to change." 