A Big Blunder. It was the train dispatcher's turn to tell a sLoty, and this c.as the one lie told : — ' I was working on a western road ill 1SSU, and I had a long night stinr. me section of road over which I worked w.is a big one. It was a single track road, and, as traffic was very heavy, it kept me busy all the time. " One week in February there was a very heavy fail of sno.v and the trains II got behind. I was at my wii's end and cue night — it was Wednesday, February 1 Gth, I will never foig.-t that datt — 1 was trying to handle a- li?-avv e-.sthotiud pa-tSfiiger and a westbound j pas-euger that was fully us In .ivy. 'ill - ea.-iiiouud train was V.-iv behii d, cud the westbound train iia.i started out on lime. I gave the engi) er of thy v. us:- bound train an ordi r t.. run toaccrt .in 1 station, and when I g..t, a rep rt t'l.u.i | ihe. castbouud train £ , r< red thai, j engineer to :v u ecriaiti si -.tim , n I j run Oil a stiiiog to t ic otn-r 'iil'.i; j t-i p-iss. i \iji L'.l- V iv i til a coupie ' f j fn i.'lits ar. th- time, and \,li it I got 1 ihicugh and fill time to tiiink, it j fl ihlied oil .no that J had given what I we call a lap order. Tuat is, ii>c two two trains would have to jmss each other on the fame track if mv in structions wets carried Out. I don't, suppose that I would have felt so bad if I had known that I w<s going to lie killed that minute. The room swain before lliy eyes and I nearly fainted from fright. I toe, a big drink of water and wired the nearest stations. ! Both reported that the fc- ains had h-ft 1 all riaht. Tiiere was a sire-ch of <r ck fi'tfll miles long between the station--, and I sat there knowing that some where on Hiat fifteen niih-s those two trains would go together, and f would be the cause of tliC deaths id peihaps a score of persons. " That was the most awful fin- minutes I ever expect to pa s tl. rough. I tiied to think and I couldn't. My first impulse was to run aw ay, and I grabbed up my liat and coat and was about to go. Then I decided that I would slay and take the consequences. I s«t down by my desk and stated at the clock. Every time the telegraph instrument clicked I thoutJir, it was bringing tidings of a fearful wreck. I pictured to myself the scer.es when the two trains crashed together, as 1. knew they must, for there wis no way to j reach t hem, and every minute s< emc-d like an eternity. 1 was pah; as a ghost j and had not the strei gth to handle the j key. Great diOps ol sweat rolled nil' j my ford, oid. I lived a century at that , dc.- k during that half hour. j Two or tleCe t «u - - -lie i».i<el-.' s > . j run away come over me. imt I frtuabt ! it bark. Then I b-«£an to ihink of | killing myself. I 'lid not r-liii.k thai- I cnu'd live and know <b» I had ma-f- a blunder with fiirh doa- drous cone- qn-lla-s. I ionke t around for a justn'. bll» there, was lain i-here. I even picked ui> my j-tper enner and put it lO' my throat. My nerve was gone, however, and I did n-t have the courage to cut my throat. J praj-ed 'hat some one would co ne in and ki 1 me, but nobody c-iue. I couldn't, >it in my chair, and crouched down in a heap on the fl l'-r and held my hands over mv ears so that I might not hear the terrible tidings tha% sooner or later, t knew wou'd come over that wire. " As I was huddled there I heard he operator at the. station from which I sent the east) mm i train calling me. Gn ' was iiis call, and he repeated it a dozen times. ' Here it com-a," I thought, and, by a sujii-.-ine effirt, I got over to the desk and tried to answer the man who was calling. Tt took u-.e five minutes to get suffi.-i.-nt. <0 tro of mv nerves to answer Ihe <aH. Tiien 1 sat back in luy chair all 1 wait-M ' lu- ar tl'.e news of death ae.l destrucl i <ol . No. 12," he wired, meaning (he ensi- bound train. ' is backing into ihe station. What's up?" "It- seemed as if Pike's Peak had been lifted 'iff my chest. I jumped up and shouted Uke a ciazy man. It hep- p-med that ihe trains were running siow, and had come a"r"ss each other oil H Straight piece of t :i, k, had seen each other ami had time in stop before running into each other. 1 was given a 30-day lay-off' for t lie blunder, but I didn't tick. It took ine nil i f that time to git my nerves sTaigiitvued out." 