'nSHEED-LES: Short, Sharp, and Shiny." She—"He was desperately in love with her. Wby he eent her costly flowers and presents nearly every day for two years." He—"Did he finally win her?'' She—"No ; he earned her." Cool. Cloudy. Theatre. Gyclorama. Pantomime. Bijou Theatre. Eire at Eden Valley. The " Continentals." Gold in. the far north. The frozen meat industry. Bookies in court yesterday. Shooting accident at Kooringa. Concert at Glenelg this evening. An attractive " Continental" last night. Legislative Council elections coming on. The ghost of Napoleon at the Cyciorama. Renmark Water Trust ha3 been nominated. The Symonds fund is gradually mounting up. A field day at the Police Court on Wednes- j day. Water is very scarce at the Angipena gold field. i A bookmaker fined a fiver for contempt of j court. • ! New South Wales won nearly 700 awards at j Chicago. i The Age has an army of sympathisers in j Victoria. j The Bishop of Adelaide expected back next Saturday. Australia is the land of promise, according to the Times. Victoria will support the Pacific cable con ditionally. The sale of the Morambro stud took place yesterday. The Police Court revenue largely increased yesterday. Colonial meat has been sold in London as Scotch meat. The apricot orop at Renmark has exceeded expectations. A company of 4,000 dervishes were killed by the Italians. Mr. Goyder has been granted six months' leave of absence. The Victorian Marine Board versus Ade laide authorities. The bayonets were too much for the ADarabists to face. What does Russia mean by buying munitions of war in America ? The Government economising in connection with the land boards. The railway revenue for the week ending January 6 was £20,254. Bishop Kennion will preach next Sunday evening at the Cathedral. Mr. Victor Cohen is still at variance with the Australian cricketers. The bookmakers of Sydney are being "sat upon" by the magistrates. The next Postal Conference will be held in New Zealand in Pebruary. The Porteseue River, in West Australia, J rose 30 ft. in hair an hour. The tribute system is to be tried at two coal j mines in New South Wales. ; Communication with Roebourne, West Aus tralia, interrupted by floods. Captain McEacharn, of the Tenterden, is to be charged with misconduct. The Ministerial party have been accorded a public welcome at Port Augusta. The Australian Eleven cricket tour was con ducted under deed of partnership. Only 4 tons of butter sent by the Ormuz this week on account of want of Epace. Sir John Bray says the interest on the next loan should be 4 instead of 34 per cent. The R.M.S. Himalaya expected to reach Largs Bay early on Saturday morning. The wine industry of Viotoria is jeopardised by the outbreak of phylloxera at Bendigo. The body of one of the miners who were entombed ab Broken Hill has been found. Miss Amelia Banks will make her first ap pearance at the Continentals on Saturday. A deputation will ask the Victorian Go vernment to grant a reprieve to Mrs. Knorr. Active steps being taken in the south-east to form a frozen meat and produce company. ! Mr. W. V. Smith says he likes the room best in the Theatre Royal where the barmaids are. ' The Civil servants having an illuminated address prepared for presentation to Mr. Goyder. The Porteseue telegraph station surrounded with water, and completely isolated until the water subsides. Tho Hon. J. L. Stirling, M.L.C., elected presidenb of the Pastoralista' Association of South Australia. The Victorian Government are going to giv6 a substantial-sum to encourage the establish ment of wineries. Pour-year-ol'd apricot trees this year have given a return of from £;J0 to £100 per acre at Renmark. Messrs. E. S. Wright. W. Strawbridge, and E. M. Smith appointed members of the new Central Land Board. Mr. J. G. Williamson, the well-known theatrical entrepreneur, off to Europe in search of fresh novelties. A highly-sensational case, in which all sorts of disclosures are promised, will come before the English courts this month. A young man in New Zealand took poison in order that his unemployed father might benefit under his insurance policy. Mr. Gordon wanted to send the recalcitrant bookmaker down for seven days, but the bench thought a fine woiild meet tbe case. The president of the Pastoralists' Associa tion of South Australia and West Darling (Mr. E. Riddocb, M.P.) has resigned. The passion for risking money in order to win more money without working for it is one of the most universal instincts of the human race. : The result of providing an assured market for stock will stimulate production and so increase the value and returns from land and stock. The Agent-General to be asked to furnish a report pointing out what savings can be made without impairing the efficiency of his depart ment. It is likely that the Government may erec| a battery to be worked by the cyanide o1 potassium process in the Blumberg or Echunga district. Bookmakers, to the number of 3S, stood up at the Police Court yesterday to plead to charges of infringing the law with regard to betting. Hp to the present a second vessel has not been purchased by the New Australia Associa tion, although many offers have been under consideration. Prince Bismarck has sold his memoirs to a German firm of publishers for £25,000, with the condition that they shall not be published during his life. No appointment of Surveyor-General -will be made till the expiration of Mr. Goyder s leave, but in the meantime Mr. Strawbridge will act in his place. Mrs. Carew, the heroine of the divorce cause eelebrc of the moment, is a tall, graceful, and refined-looking .woman well known to all London playgoers as ' Edith Chester,'" says The Advertiser speoial corre spondent. The " Totalizator Repeal Act" of 1SS3, one of the shortest enactments in the statute book, declares in plain, though carefully worded' terms, that.anyone betting or offering Kin any place to which the .public have Bhall be liable to a penalty of £100. 