COLOR EFFECOTB. Some curloue effects are simply produced In this way :-In the top of a box have a circular window, g'azed with three sections of red, greens, and violet glass, so propor tioned that the resultant light produced from the three is white. Place a flat opaqee ring a short distance above the white bottom of the box, and the eye may be dazzled with the gorgeous display of prismatic colors on the bottom. This will be coverei with most varied and brilliant hnes, caused by the penombra of the opaque boy being lighted with different colors on the different aide,. When the red and green sides overlap. a brilliant yellow is produced; where the green and the violet overlap are the bluss; and the red and the violet gives the parple; while in the ceatro, when all the three circles overlap, white is produced. These experiments, which test the theory of the three primary color lights in a practical and simple way, explain why there is so little appearance cf colored light in omes cathe drals, though the windows are heavily stained; though the sun blares through brilliantly colored glass, yet there is only risible the characteristic "dim religious light." Any two colored lights which when mixed produce white light are termed "complementary." All are familiar witb the changing color of printed names with the eyes open and shat, or when flxJ steadily on the name and transferred and deanly to a white surface. One has too often to amuse himself in this manner at a rail. way statlon waiting for a train. He looks on the yellow letters with an indigo-blue enamel snrrounding which tell of some remarkable soap or ccade; he lifts his eyes to a grey sky, and then he sees blue letters on a yell)w Enamel. It the blind on a bid. room window be white, and the light not very bright, ard if the observer looks s'eadily at a black object on the table, on closing his eyes again he will see the exact form of the object quite while-aot a hod way of accounting for ghosts. "My husband has all the virtues but one," remarked the wife of a struggllng young doctor. "What is that P" asked her sympathetio friend, "Fatelots" re* Flied the !oug wife, 