The Ziatest Oboat at Sampton Court. A year agn or more considerable discassibn was raised iu Mi.- press RS to the allc£pd hanntings in liuivimn Court r.tlace. 13ie nmriwlaint-editor of liorderland, in the. n«w anmber of that psychical quarterly, reports her experiences in the palace as rasently as September last She was fortunate enough to see the ghost, or ratber one of them, uor the ghost wbich she saw and described in the following narrative is an unidentified spectre, which appears to be at least a century later than the wraiths of Catheri DO Howard and the other unfortunate Queens of Henry VIII., who have hitherto been supposed to be the only spectral occupants ot the palace. Miss X thus describes her experiences :— I recently found myself the guest of a lady occupying a pleasant suite of roomB :in Hampton Court Palace. For obvious reasons I cannot specifly the name of my hostess, tlie exact date of my vieit, nor the precise whereabouts of her apartment. I examined the scene of the occurrence),' and was allowed to ask questions at will. I h6 ' ghost," I was told, visited habitually in a dozen different rooms—not, however, in the bright, dainty drawing-room in wbich wo were chatting, and where it was difficult to believe that we were discussing recent history. As a matter of fact it was very recent; indeed. But a few nigbts earlier in a certain small but cheerful b-drpom a Jittle girl had been awakened out of her sleep by a visitant so dramatic that I wondered whether the child bad possibly gone to sleep again after her original fright and dreamt the latter and more bensational part of the story. My own room was quaintly pretty, but ' somewhat peculiar in arrangement, and lighted only from the roof. The folding doors were locked; moreover a heavy table stood against them on the outer Bide and a wardrobe on the inner. The bedstead was a small one without curtains, indeed the room contained no hangings whatever. The door into t- e room opened so near to the head of my bed that there was no room between only for a very small table, upon which I took care to place two long candles and a plentiful supply of matches, being somewhat addicted to late and early reading. I sat up in bed and gave my best attention to Lord Farrer's problem, " Shall we Degrade our Standard of Value ?" in the National Review. When I finished the article, as the clock struck half-past one, I considered myself absolved from further responsibility, put out my lights, and was asleep before the next quarter Bounded. Nearly three hours later 1 was suddenly awakened from dreamless slumber by ^the sound of the opening of a door against which some piece of furoimre was standing, in, as it seemed, the empty room to my right. J. remembered the cat, anS tried to conceive by what kind of "rampaging" she could contrive to ba so noisy. A minute later there followed a thud apparently on this side of the folaing doors. " A dress fallen in the wardrobe," was my next thought, and I stretched out my hand for the matchbox, as a preliminary to inquiry. I did not reach the matches. It seemed to me that a detaining hand was laid on mine. I withdrew it quickly and gazed around into the darkness. Some minutes passed in blackness and silence. I had the sensation of a presence in the room, and finally, mindful of the tradition that a ghoBt should be spoken to, I said gently, " Is anybody there ? Can I do anything for you ?" I remembered that the last person who entertained " the Ghost" had said, " Go away ; I don't want you," and I hoped that my visitor would adnyre my better manner, and be kind. However, there was no answer—no sound of any kind; and returning to my theory of the cat and the fallen dress, though, nevertheless, influenced by the recollection of those detaining fingers not to attempt to strike a light, I rose and walked round my bed, keeping my right hand on the edge of the bedstead, while, with my left arm extended, f swept the surrounding space. As the room is small, I thus fairly satisfied myself that it contained nothing unusual. I waB, though somewhat perplexed, about to grant myself licence to go to sleep again, when in the darkness before me there began to glow a soft light. I watched it increase in brightness and in extent. It seemed to radiate from a central point, which gradually took form, and became a tail, slight woman, moving slowly across the room from the folding-doors on my right. As she passed the foot of my bed, I felt a slight vibration m the spring mattress. At the further corner she stopped, so that I had time to observe her profile and general appearance^ Her face was insipidly pretty, that of a woman from thirty to thirty-five years of age, her figure slight, her dress of a dark soft material, having a full skirt and broad sash or soft waistband tied high up almost under the arms, a crossed or draped kerchief over the shoulders, and sleeves which I noticed fitted very tight below the elbows, and hair which was dressed so as not to lie flat to the head, either in curls or " bows" I could not tell which. As she appeared to stand between me and the light I cannot speak with any certainty as to the color, but the dress, though dark, waB, I think, not black. In spite of all this definitness, £ perceived the figure to be nnsubstantial, and I felt guilty of absurdity in asking once more. " Will you let me help you 1 Can I be of U8e to you ?" My voice sounded preternatu rally loud, but I felt no surprise at noticing that it produced no effect upon my visitor. She stood still for about two minutes, though it is very difficult to estimate times on Buch occasions. She then raised her hands, which were long and white, and held them before her as she sank upon her knees and slowly buried her face in the palms, in the attitude of prayer—when qnite suddenly the light went out and I was alone in the darkness. I felt that the scene was ended, the curtain down, and had no hesitation in lighting the candle at my side. 1 tried to examine the impression the vision conveyed. I felt that it was definitely that of reproach, yet of gentle resignation. There was no force, no pas-ion ; I had seen a meek, sad woman, who had succumbed. I began to turn over in my mind the illustrious names of former occupants of the chamber. I fixed on one—a bad man of the worst kind, a bad fool of that time of wickedness and folly, the Begency I thought of the secret passage in the next room, and began to weave an elaborate romance, " This will not do here and now." I reflected, as the clock struck four, and as an act of mental discipline I returned to my National Review. But I believe that what I saw may have been a telepathic impression of the dreamt (or I should prefer to say thoughts) of the dead. I believe that my visitor waB not a departed spirit, such as it has before now been my privilege to meet, but rather an image of such. Lucretia Borgia was not, as currently ccepted, a monster in human form, but rio8to and others have pictured her SB a odel of all the virtues, while Mr Gilbert, aer latest biographer, divests the lady of ll romance whatever. 