A Woman's Triumph. charter i. The dying glorios of the Ootobor sun set woro beginning to fade into tho ; dusky mist of twilight. It had boon l' a most brilliant day, unusually warm for autumn, with a sonso of rejuvena tion rathor than of dooay in the frosb, fragrant atmosphere. A young mnn walking swiftly along n narrow oountry lnno gavo a sigli of plonsuro and rogrot mingled, as bo camo to a momentary pause and lookod about him at tho slowly-fading land scape, tho swoot, oloav oountry air blowing softly in his face tho while. ' By Jovo,' ho snid to himself, ns ho sbiftod tho gun ho was oarrying from ono arm to tlio othor, ' by Jovo, I de clare I fool just as I used to do whon I was a young 'un and it was tho ond of tho holidays ; only anothor wook and I must turn my back on all this, find ho off to town again to all my Worrios and strugglos. AVoll, I ought to bo doucod grateful for having had Buoh a good spoil of sunsbino and froBli air to sot me up for thowintor; not that I want muoh sotting up, I must say,' Thorold Musgrovo added with a grin, as ho glancod down at his tall, stalwart young figuro. He bognn moving onwnrd ngain. The sound of a clock oliiming in tho distance recalled him to tho hour and made him hnston his footetops, 'Miss Dolly will bo furious if I am late a train to-dav. I rathor lilto little Miso Dolly whon sho is furious, she doos blazo out at ono. I wondor if the othors havo gotbaokyot? Can't think how I mapagod to got on to this long rond ; it must bo a couple of milos furthor by this way than tho otlior.' Walking flootly, Thorold soon passed out of tlio rougher oountry into grounds wliioh, though wild in tlioir thick growth of vogotatiou, still had tho air of bolongiug to private pro perty. The duBk lioro undor tho troos was turnod into almost darknoss, but tho young man ovidontly know his way, for he pushod on through tho thickot, and in a fow minutes omorgod into a meadow in which a oouplo of colts woro raoing about kicking thoir hoels frisk- iiy- Had it not boon so lato Thorold Musgrovo could havo pausod horo a long timo to watch and srailo at tho antics of tho animals, but anothor quarter wnBchimod out from tbo olook as he entorod tho moadow, and at tho sound ho ooasod walking and broko into a run. By this moans ho was vory speedily landed in a wido lawn bordered by shrubs and markod out at its further most ond into tennis courts. Beyond him only n fow ynrds now strotohod tho groy-stonod houso that wob his destination. It was not a vory largo building; thoro was nothing pretentious about Crowshurst, thouerh its carment of olinging ivy gavo it a pioturosquo air. It wasjust what it purported to bo, tho property of a mnn who lovod tho ooun try and nil that tho oountry gavo, and tho homo of a prosperous squiro nud of»liis wifo and ehildron. Thorold Musgrovo gave anothor little sigh as ho Blackonod his speed and approaoliod tho houso. It was a sigh that camo from him quito uucon- sciously. 1 If sho could havo callod ouch a placo as this hor homo,' bo snid to himself, with an infinity of rogrot and Borrow, and a mist spread ovor his oyos, for that ono momont, blotting out tho pioturo of tho groy-stonod houso. It wob his mother's momory that brought that thought, his lost dond mother, that cnusod that sigh — that gentle, swoot sufforing mother whoso laBt days on oarth had boon passod iu a dingy London lodging, with houses and human boings sproad iv. thoir thousands about hor, and aor only "country" tho fow Aowots placod by his loving bands oach day in her Biclc- room. Though threo yoars and moro had passed away sinco his mothor's death, tho sorrow of his loss was thoro just the same, tho yonrning tenderness Jivod in his hoart undiminished, and ovory good thing that camo to him now was robbod of half its swoot- rioss, bocauso sho who would havo joyed so muoh in sharing it was laid for over in hor grave. It had olwayB boon ono of poor Anno MuBgrovo's groatost dosiros that hor boy should have nt loast two months in every year out of tho fatigue and bustlo of London ; a visit tosomo coun try houso was what tho mother's heart would havo liked host — a visit whore there would bo pleasant compnnionBkip within, and sport of various sorts with out. And now, whon sho was no longer on oarth to tnsto this dolight, Thorold for tl»9 first timo sinoo his boy hood found himself in just suok a household ob his mother's lovo would havo pictured for him. The invitation had como quito un expectedly, for Sir Francie Stapletoa was by no moans an intimoto friond of young Musgrove's, businoss alono in 'faot having boon tho moans of mak ing thom noquaintod ; but whon tlio genial, lcind-hoartod Sir Francis sud- donly invitod tho olovor young engi neer down to Crowshurst, for a conple of months' visit in tho onrly autumn, Thorold had unhesitatingly accoptod tho offorod hospitality, fooling koon plonsuro in Sir Francis's kinclnoss, minglod with a sorrow that his mothor should not bo alivo to sliaro tho plon suro. Ho mudo a littlo stand at first about romaining so long at Crowshurst. ' I onnnot trospnss so muoh on your hospitality, Sir Franois,' ho had said onvnostly; 'you nro vory good, nud iudood I shall onjoy a fort night in tho country moro than I oan any; but ' ' Oh ! I don't caro nbout guosts that stay a fortnight. Pack up your traps, my lad, and como along with mo — my old lady will givo you tho boat of wel- comos, and my girls will bo right glad to soo you. You'll como in handy,1 Sir Franois hail nddod, with a twinklo in his morry bluo oyo ; ' there's always somo fostivity going on among my young 'uns, and a good-looking ohnp, you know, is nevor ono too many. Say no moro, Bay no moro, my lad, I'vo takon a fnncy to you — by Gad, I want to soo you potting away at my birds instond of growing thin and whito ovor thoso confoundod plans and drawings of yours. Coiflo along, sir, and stay your two months liko a man !' It had boon impossiblo for Thorold to resist suoh a hoarty offor, and tho young man had hnd no ronson to ro grot his submission to Sir Franois Staploton's will. His visit to Crows hurst had boon almost thoroughly on- joynblo, and ho had not boon a oouplo of days at tho comfortable houso bo foro bo found himsolf porfoctly at homo with tho ontiro family, from tho mothorly Lady Staplotoh (tho vory wifo for such a man ns Sir Francis) down to tho littlo fniry-liko Lilias, the youngoBt of tho family, tho baby and tbo tronsuro of thom all. Thoro woro a couple or so of strny mon staying in the houso also, and, with Sir Franois and -liis throo sons, a party of six guns from Crows hurst could oasily bo mndo, though moro than frequently this party was swcllod into nine or ton by tho prosecco of somo oountry noighbour and his guests. This nftornoon, in faot, the shooting porty had boon much larger than .usual, and thoro was to bo a big din- nor at Crowshurst in the ovoning. As lio crossed tlio broad, gravel path Thorold oould soo- easily through tho long windows into tho hall boyond, and lio folt roliovod and ploasod as lio ronlisod that tho othor sportsmon had not procodod him, aud that ho was not, as lio fonrod, tho last to anivo. Slinking off tho sadnoss wbioh thought of his beloved mothor had brought upon him, Thorold ontorod tho houso through tho old-fashionod vory wido poroh ontrnnoo, usually cnllod tho outer hall. Thoro soomod to bo an oxoitomont prevailing— a sort of tumult going on within tho sooond. and largor hall. Thorold found himsolf smiling in voluntarily as tho sound roaohed his oars. Thoy woro suoh a morry, honlthy, happy collootion of girls and boys, ho soomed to have grown years youngor sinoo ho had oomo into thoir midst. ' What is it, Laxton ?' ho inquired lightly of the butler,., a rosy-ohookod, wkito-knirod old man, 'Havo they in- vontod a now gaino, or is it .only anothor lawn-tonnis tournament, in doors?' . ; Lnxton laughod and shook- liis head. ' It ain't neithor this timo, sir; it's only Miss Miriam as has como ; and there's alwayB a fuss who'd -Miss Miriam arrivos. My ! sho do mako tho place go round, and no mistako !' 'Thorold srailod again, as be kaockod off somo of tho mud from his boots and gaitors. ; 'I think Miss Dolly is as lively as most pooplo ; but thoy are nono of thom what you might call dull — oh, Laxton ?' ' Lor' bloss you, sir,' Laxton replied heartily, thoy ain't nono of 'om in it with Miss Miriam ! Sho's a regular whirlwind, that's what she is ! But, bless, her, she's a beauty ; I ain't got nothing to find fault with her; aud sho's got a hoart as truo as pure gold,1 that sho havo, sir. A deal too swoot and young sho is to bo boxod up along of an old woman, which — though sho do bo Sir Francis's sister — I a' n't nono too fond of, sir, and that's tlio honost truth ! I novor oould soo why she should a' oomo along nnd took away Miss Miriam as sho did. But it ain't no business o' mino !' Thorold romomborod suddenly, as ho listonod to thoso words, that he had hoard a good d9al, at ono timo or otlior, of this sistor Miriam, who was, appar ent! v. ndontnd liv n inaiilon nnnl frnm whom, no doubt, thoro would bo ox- pootalions. Ho had not roalisod vory' much moro than this about hor, savo that sho wob evidently vory doar to thom all, and to nono moro than to hor fatlior. Thorold had no pnrtioular favourito among tho four Staploton girls. They woro all pretty, happy, wholosomo young oronturos, full of lifo aud tho enjoyment of lifo. His footings for thom was almost that which ho should havo had for thorn had ho boon thoir bretlior or cousin. Ho hnd not boon moro than a fow days at Crowshurst boforo ho was on tortus of tho groatost friondlinoss with thom all; thoy callod him by his Christian name, nnd trontod him gone- rally as though ho really belonged to thom. Thorold's hoart was not prono to suscoptibility whoro protty girls woro concornod ; ho novor indulged in flirt ations; ho was too straightforward, too honost, too manly to find amuso- mout in playing with tho footings of anothor boing. Yot ho was only too ready to respond to nil sympathy and kindness, and was a great favourito with ovory woman. Lady Staploton had immodiatoly adopted him as a boy upon whom alio could lavish all a mothor's caro nnd tondornoss ; and with his lcind-hoartod liostoss tho youug man was most nffoo- tionato, most grateful, and full of ovory charming thought and attontion. But if such n dosiro as fo ranko a con- quost of hnndsomo Thorold 'Musgroyo hnd by any clinnoo dawned in oithor of tlio girls' minds, a week's acquaint-: nnco with him would linvo boon suffi cient to disappoint thom in this mattor, and to show thorn ho was not tho ordinary young man to bo treated in tho ordinary fashion. As a mattor of foot, howovov, nono of tho Crowshurst young folic had graduated in "tho flirtatious school ; thoy woro, as has boon snid boforo, thoroughly happy, morry, f rosh-lieartod girls, and as such thoy formod a swoot harmonious companionship for the young man who was thoir fathor's guost, and who revolted in thoir society as oniy a lonoly boing out off from all parents and oloso relations and kins folk could hnvo dono. There was no othor foolinc in Thorold's mind, therefore, savo a littlo curiosity and amusement minglod, whon having olonnsod his boots of most of tho mud lio walked through into tho inner hall with its clamour of excited voicos and morry ringing laughter. , Tho hall was in shadow. Miriam's arrival hnd ovidontly upset tho wholo household. Tho lamps woro not lit, and tho glow from tlio big firoplnco was tho only light to dispol tho ovon ing dusk. Coming in from tho dim grey twilight, however, Thorold's oyos could soo clearly, and tlio pioturo ho behold ns ho stood for a momont unseen in tho aporturo of tho heavy volvot curtains was ono that was immodiatoly im- prossod on his memory, to remain thoro for ovor. Tho group lit up by tlio fire glow was compsod of fivo girls, but Thorold soomod to ronlizo tho prosonoo of ono only — of tho slondor graceful figure in its rough travelling coat, with the cap tossed off tho warm rod-gold hair, and tho swoot faoe flushed and happy from tho embraces of nor sistors. Each ono of thom was olinging to hor, and littlo Lilias was oauglit up in lior arms at tho vory momont Thorold entorod. ' Oh ! don't let mo toll you nny moro about mysolf ! Just lot mo realise I am at homo with you all again,' Miriam was orying in a voico at onoo rioh and oloar, ' at homo again ! oh I how lovoly it sounds ! how lovely you all are ! I oould oat you ovory ono — oat you up ovory bit ! Lily, my littlo baby, Lily, say you are glad to soo your sistor Miriam again, say ' but horo sho chocked horsolf, Lilias slippod suddenly from lior arms, hor oyos had gono to that tnll figure standing in tho shadows of tho curtain. With a littlo ory the girl broko loose from tho othors. ' Father has oomo, father darling, it is Miriam ; toll mo you aro glud to see mo, father kiss mo !' and thou there was a sudden pause, the girl hnd como to a sharp standstill, immediately in front of Thorold. : Sho had swiftly realised hor mistako, and her eager loving words, diod away into utter silonco. / ; 'It is not father, it is only Thorold,' oried Dolly Staploton lnugliiugly, ' but father will bo horo directly, won't ho Thorold ? Come and be introduced to Miriam. - You havo hoard so muoh about hor -you ought to know hor already,' Dolly addod this with anothor littlo laugh ; she turned to her sister,. : Miriam this is Thorold Musgrovo, a friond of father's and not half a bad sort wlion you know him!' this last said miBohievously. Thorold bowed his handsome head and half stretched forth his hand, but Miriam stood apart and only returned his bow. It was quickly ovidont to bim, ovon in this, tho vory first moment of their mooting, that this girl was altogether different from hor sistors.; thoro was ft complete absence of tho ' ' oamaradorio," tho onsy boyish sort ot air wliioh lio was accustomed to roaeivo from tho othors. Sho spolco to him, of oourso, just a fow conventional words of greeting, nnd hor mannor had a soujicon of hauteur, hor voico a touoh of coldnoss, vory different to that onrgernoss, that simplicity and freshness that had rung out in thoso fow words lis had ovor- honrd as ho stood and lookod upon hor from tho Bliadow of tho curtain. Conscious ns ho was of the wido dif- foronco that oxistod botwoon Miriam Staploton and hor sistors, whilst sho remained to him only nil iudistinot vision in tlio minglod dusk and firo glow, this difforonoo booamo tremen dously marked, nsLnxton and a footman remembering his dutioB camo in liur- riodlv now nnd boo-an lichtinp- un tho various lamps. Thorold Musgrovo found himsolf looking at tlio girl in a state of silont wondormont ; a wondormont that was full of an ndmiration suoh as had novor filled his mind boforo for any living boing. For somo beautiful landsonpo, somo mnrvollous work of art, somo ox- quisito pioturo, somo mngnifioont piooo of statuary, lio had indood folt in spired with this sontimont of oagor admiration ; but Miriam Staploton was tlio first of all living creatures who had drawn it from him as yot. Ho was so silont that ho was quickly rnlliod by tho othors on his changod demeanour. 'What is it?' ouquirod Barbara, misohievously. Sho was a nut-brown maid, with bright dark oyos nnd rough dark hair. How was it possiblo bIio oould bo sistor to this other quoon-liko girl ? ' Havo you soon a ghost, Thorold, or aro you frightened of us all ? Sponk, sponk, I pray theol' 'Ho is tired— loavo him alono, Bab,' said Dolly, who having a deoidod in clination for drawing and skotohing, lind fallon moro or loss into tho posi tion of cliiof friond and companion to tho young man. Havo some toa, Thorold ; romombor wo don't dinB till oight to- night, wo are quito fashion- abio.' Thorold took tlio ton and sat down in his favourito corner by tho firoplnco. Ho did not fool in tlio loast tired, ho had boon walking milos during tho day ; yot a sonso of oxhilaration, a curious oxoitomont soomod to havo como in tho plaoo of fntiguo, to thrill liira, nnd yot to trouble him just a littlo. Ho romomborod vnguoly how ho had onoo boforo folt this same sen sation ; it had boon whon lio had stood on tho summit of- a snow-clad mouutnin in Wnlos (Switzerland had boon a journey too far for so meagre a purso ao ho liad always pos- sossod), nnd his oyos nnd mind had takon in tho grandour, tho inoffnhlo boauty of scono that strotchod about him — a beauty that was so fraught wifli n notion r\ P /I n n/vnv r\T f.iin llllfifl- tainablo. Was it a curious touoh of prosontimont that brought this re membrance back to Thorold Mus- grovo's mind now ns lio sat looking for tho first timo upon tlio brilliant Iovolinoss of ono who was dostinod to play so poworful, so intonso a part in tho story of his lifo ? Ho was never givon to muoh solf analysis or examin ation. Ho had novor liad muoh occa sion for it. Thus ho could not havo explained why this fooling and this momory should havo returned to him now so strangoly, yot so dourly. Soon iu tlio warm-toned light of tho lamps Miriam's boauty was almost bowildor- ing. It was not only tho perfection of hor fonturos, tho dolicato colouring of hor skin, or tho wondorful grnco of hor Rlondor figure, it was tlio air of dis tinction, of rofinomont, of tone, wliioh made hor so different, so npart from hor sistors. Thoro was a family liko- noss existing, perhaps, though it did not strike Thorold vory forcibly ; but boyond this faint resomblanoo, thoro was nothing to point to tho fact that this dainty young oroaturo belonged to tho samo stock ns tho four other girls, whoso healthy, vigorous bearing soomod to grow almost ooarso and ploboian now that Miriam stood bosido thom. ("To be continued. J 