MR. J. ALLSOFS STABLES. SOME NEW AIlRlYAJiS. A .Good All-rouud Lot. (By 'Vebax.') It is nlways a pleasure to visit a good training- establishment, and that presided ovor by Mr. J. Allsop at Lowor Randwick certainly comes undor this category. Sinco I last saw theso stablos thoro havo been sovoral additions to what, at that timo, was a powerful string. Cromorno is no longer in No. 1 box, which ia now occupied by Uabba, who, although a useful horxo, can not bo classed with tho former tonant of his looso-box. Paris, too, is away having ii -cpell.but ho is expected to. bo put iu training again shortly, and Mr. Allsop says tlio 'little 'un' has much improvod during his holiday. Tho stablos, as usual, woro a porfoct model of cleanliness, which is in tho highest dogroo desirablo in a racing establishment. Not a speck of dirt can bo seen, and the healthy atmosphere of the looso-boxos donotes that the air is purs and refreshing. To listen to tho trainor as ho discourses on tho inorits of tho various horses undor his charge is to ut onco understand that ho takes groat pride- iu them. Ho haa reason to bo proud of his success during the past twolvo months, and judging from tho condition of his horses moro victories aro in store for tho stable at no distant dato. No hor3e3 could havo Q bettor chauco givon thorn to get well, for thoir feed is of, the best description, and ua I looked at tho piles of' oaten hay and tho famous New Zealand hay, the heavy black and white oats, and tho maize all of .the best quality, I thought a good deal of tho socrot of bis recent success lay in thi3 direction. Good feed and cleanliness aro tbo chiof pro motors of health, and Mr. Allsop has ovi dontly learnt this from oxporienco. - His stables I havo described boforo, so theraia no need to go over that ground again. It will suttico to say it is ono of tho best racing stables I bavo soon for many a day. Tho horses had just boon out for afternoon e'xorciso whon I arrivod on Monday, so I had ample opportunity of Booing thorn as thoy wero made comfortable for tho night. The first the trainer showed mo was a Brown filly, 3yrs, by Lochiel — LaModo.by Albany, hor dam Mermaid (imp.), by King Tom. Sho was brod in New Zealand, and purchased by Mr. H. C. White, whose pro perty the iilly is. This filly is untried, and her dam is a sister to Lurlino, the dam of Darobin. Sho stands rather too low, and is a bit hollow-backed, but for nil that' thoro is a racing-like look about hor. Sho has not been up moro thau throe woRks, but has already commenced to sottle down to stable routine.' Sho ibiv good feeder, and tho way sho licked out her bin was a suro sign of in. vigorous appetite. I think this filly will bo useful, if not quite in tho first-class.' Sho is unnamed, 1 be liove. How would Pride of 1 LoehiolJor; Twiuo the Plaidoa fit?.,;':' , ;-.-. . ., - ,:; Chestnut filly, 3yrB, '?: by ?; Splondar— Souvenir, and thoreforo: full sister to Jowollor, at once arrested my attention. Horbrother is-too well' kuo\vh:to need .re marking upon. Mr. S. Crippa hns also a full brother to hcriu training callod Veriix, arid I happen to know his owner, who in a Hobart gentleman, and called^ him1 aftor my unworthy self. This; full-sister, to: Jeweller 'is a fine, handsome, well- grown' filly, of good color.^vSho hus clean, sound logs; without a blouiish, a good strong back and loins, well-ribbed up, powerful quarters, and a good girthl^S^lio is. a bettor shapo tlian Joivellor, and'i&^hq'iis as good, her! trainer arid owner will bo jvbll satisfied, v Bay golding, 8yr8,,byi;L6rd Prix— -Agita- tion (imp.), by Oroat,ili'or.d(£m;Emotion,by Alarm, was bredby liiBfdwneiv Slr'.-H. C. White. Ho is a iikdly-lookinganiina], and although ho is/m'tlio^irpitpli yet shows racing-likoqiialities;pf jUOjinean order. Ho is a bright -bay, witlf.''twb-whito fpro foot, and rioar hiud foot'wliitp;: 'Ho has also'a blazb'fiico, and is ubtj particularly big, but compact.'; ' '? ?;:.'??'?'/!'''?.?;;' 'i^'~ ;?'.'? ' '',: ' ,: '..-'' ?Uabba, 3yrs, is.a block colt by Splendor — China Roso, by Angler, hor dam Nathalie (imp.) by. Warlock. 'Ho was biod by Mr. P. S. Reynolds, and has I' recently shown good form iu racos. Ho looks as fit as he canbo mado, and-tho Bovero raco' ho run. with -Utter last, Saturday -at; Mooroiield does not appear to liavo told on him' at all. Uabba is in tho best of racing trim, and should not h'uyo dorio winning yet. Tbenchavt, ? b ? c,' Syrs, by Tronton — , Bridesmaid, by Yattondon.lior dam Espo ranco, by Glaucus (Arab), is tho winner of tho last A.J.C. Derby. Ho is a beautiful littlo fellow, a porfocfc racohorso in uiiuia ^tiiro.;- He does not, I should say, stand ovor 15.1, and thoro aro a gowl uiauy galloways racing could givo him a couple of :inchesr or nioro. Ho lias somo of^ tho Arab 'about him ' in [tlio .shapo: of his head, and ho carrios .hiniBolf , woll. ' He is'big in condition; and has boon treated to n': spell .''ih ono: of Mr.'Allsop's paddocks. Tronchant's foot and tooth havo givon him a good deal of trouble, nnd tho wou'dor is ho has run -so: well.. Ho is too small' to' bo nii ideal Dorby colt, but ho is handsoin'o ouough to woar tho f'bluo' ribbon 'and sot it pfftbjid vantage. :? i ;'-,' At£as, ch c, 2yra, , by Cranbrook— Millie^ by Qrandmastor,' her dam Vesper, by Barbarian; was brod by his ownor, Miv H. C. Wliito.' Ho is .the biggest two-year-old I 'think:,! over Baw. He is.cortaiuly ono of tlfeibiggost. ? Ho stands nearly as high as his siro now, and ho makes a. dwarf of such a horso as Trenchant. Thoro 13 no mistaking who his siro is. Ho is a .Qran brouk all over.. Ho is a similarly colored colt to his siro, with a couple of whitolund Btbckings and- a! white off foro foot. Ho has tre'moudous bouo, and is a groat length. .His measurement . would . bo interesting, I am cortain. Standing con siderably ovor 10 hands, nearer 17 I should say, he is built in proportion. 'Ho looks iiko a fully developed, well grown throo year-old: Ho lias a (loop girth, and his legs aro Btrong and without a: blomish/ and look 'quite capable of supporting his body, which' is saying a lot. Ha Ikus quarters like a stoopleohasor, aud his shoulders are woll set, aud his neck, which is muscular, supports a lino intollixont hoad. Ho is a racohorao, ovory, inch of him. Whon thoroughly fit, and with tho celors up, tbo re-mark that will probably bo piwsed on tho rncecouruo ia, ' Thoro goea Cran brook— or his ghost.' Ho will bo epocinlly prepared for tho important throe-year-old uugagomonta in tho Bpring, and with ordinary luuk should turn out a winner. Ho ought to bo kept in mind for the next Dorby. ne is aptly named, for, liko Atlas, ho appears capable of bearing a ' world' of weight. Fidei.ite, b f, 4yrs, is by Tho Gem (son of Kolpio) — Constance, by Choddar (imp.). hor dutu, Barbara, by Barbarian, is woll known on tho racecourse. Sho looks well, ? but a bit woody. , Volnky ia a brown horso, aged, and haa boon racing for sovoral seasons. Uia recent porformancoa do not speak much in his favor, but ho lookB big at prosont. Veno, ch g, Cyrs, by Idalium— Yolande, by Dorby (son of Kingsborough), hordam, Tosta, by Rossitor's Sir Alfred (bou of Dovor). Ho is also a woll-known publio perforator. Ho is, I think, perhaps tho fittest horso iu tho stable, and looks bottor thau ovor I havo seen him. Vono bIiouU pay his way, if woll placed, for somo tim« to como. Fi.or.rie, b m, by Tasman — Rubinn, by Kingsborough, her dam Etiquetto (imp.), by CaractacuB, is now ownod by Mr. AV. R. '!' Hall. Sho was formorly. tho proporty ol Mr. Dan O'Brien, who brod hor. Sho is a beautiful bay, with black . points, and should bo fit about tho autumn mooting. Sho ia ono of tho handsomest mares in training, nnd I hopo Mr. Hall, whoso luclc has beon nono of tho best, will win a Roo-\,;^,^X-; raco with hor. New Zealandors whoT'I ain ' ' told, havo fond remembrances of Florrio, will bo pleased to hear tho bonnie bay is as ' sound as a bell. Sundial, br c, Gyrs, by Sunriso (son o! Robinson Cruaoe) — Midgo, by Caliban (imp.), her dam Saucy Jane, by Dolo from Saucy Kate, by Jorsoy from Aloxandrina, by Euglemoro from Aloxandrina (imp.), by Middleton, is a horso that has always been looked upon as capable of accomplish ing great deeds. Ho has, I think, beon overrated, and it may interest racing mon to know that if ho does not win somo kind ? of a race during the noxt month ho will probably bo turned out. Right Honorable, brown colt, Syrs, by Grandmaster — Crystal, by Maribyrnong, her dam Chrysolite (imp.) by Stockwoll, ia asmart-lookingcolt. Ho isa dark brown, and is splendidly built, whilo his breeding is good. Ho is another that will bo kept for tho spring events, and in thiB colt and ?Atlas Mr. Allsop has a pair that should mako a bold bid for another Derby if all goes on well with thorn. Bay colt, by Cranbrook — Bello of Cob. ham (imp.), by Restitution, dam May Queen, by Trumpeter, is another colt bred by Mr. H.C. White. Ho is a fine looking : two-year-old, but Has a top-hoavy ap pearance. He will probably bo sent back to his owner's station to givo him a chanco of growing into it sound threo or fouryear old, for it is doubtful if ]iib logs could stand training undersuch a heavy strain. BniKQE!*, ch colt, by Nordonfoldt— Moonlight, by :Ako-Ako, hor dam Moon beam - by- Pacific) :, is a smart looking, youngster, but not over big. His dan; was purchasbd by Mr. Peter Mitchell from : Mr. W. R. Wilson, and was in foal to Nor donfeldt at tho timo. Theso aro tho whole of tho horses iu training at Mr. Allsop'S; stables, and it will bo acknowledged they are a good all round, lot. It was a' pleasure to look at - horses in such a hoalthy, well-kept' con dition, and they do their trainor credit Aftor boing hospitably ontertained by Mr and Mrs. Allsop in their 'comfortablo.liome I had a chnt .with the trainer and a glance ; at tho various oil paintings' oil the v/nl Is, mostly from tho talontod'/irtist Mpnta ?Scott, furnished ainplo subject' matter for ; ?'?' us. Trenchant, Cromorno, Paris; .Gibraltar, ' '?'? and- many bthors aro to bo seen thuro, reminders of victories in | tho past and, I hopo, of many more victories for tho stable in tho future. 