Tho Stor.vr«'l w«r. g^iEBMORB'S HERIT AGE. from I VedmW* '«««?- CHAPTBU XV— (Continued). rharlie was l-i«* again in town In leu than jiJ. lookinn U little pais. and a good deal toil d»y'\ , j-ijpfofl hv the awful event to 'TlGhhe had to' l''ou«'u ?; o1osc' H' tn,,ki ' II nnt in ibsfluiet. hustifri mniiw ho bad '''KS'te' of l-idy Ashborongh's trouaht t ora m ? sr„ndtather'« sullen, franUOgriei »»«???? ''Syjs'it' haji'lMn0? bard lime.' he admitted, t.h .n'ieli 'For some rewon oianother, my -ndhithor hns never cared much for mo, and Che p«i^hnto'.U,e,lBJ,t °'r- ,°'6 ^understand the tooling. i«'t one does hats MnroBtby eucli misfortune®. If it weir not S-r one tlilnii, I should he horribly sorry !k.t I haonen M stand nost In the succession. 'C df& «'h.it that ' one thing' _*voh. Kl,e only bent her bead lower and examined, ?ith a eudden access of interefil. the ivory Sblcts which hung at lior chatelaine. Nora „ll.n085owod. fnarless Norn— had crown sud LlVehv and timid n« a school -wr ! 'Nora,' said Charlie, presently, bending and taking the tablet! from between her nnrcsistins fingers—' Nora, do you remember to Oip'^ propliwy — that I should have the wish of my heart? Will you give it to me ?' ??I— I? How should I know?' She tried to be Baucy ; she tried to fence with him ? but the voice that would have laughed ouivered and broke down, and the unbidden Jejrs welled to her eyes, and the real, irresistible feeling put her at his mercy. . 'Nora, my own — my darling: (hit is the „ish of my heart, and you know it 1' he cried, tehe clasped her to his heart for tho first time in all their cousinly intimacy. ?' How little 1 dreamed it could ever come lo pass 1 Bless that (Jipsy I' ho added, presently, laughing: for emotional display was not after the manner of cither of these lovers, «nd they were glad aa soon as possible to shake themselves free of the ,ccess into which they had been surprised. 'Ah!' reminded Nora, shaking her pretty held at hiin ; ' »o must not forget the rest of (lit prophecy.' , .. 'I'll chance it, answered Charlie, gaily. ' Ind now for my uncle and aunt.' Jfr. Hartopp and Lady Sophia hod nothing lo sir sgainst the arrangement under the altered jspect of Charlie's affairs. Lady Sophia was touchcd and delighted at the story ot tho real and secret attachment nourished by Iter worldly-minded Nora. She rts very fond ol Charlie, and, as a son-in-law, infinitely preferred him to tbe elderly Duke, brilliant as his alliance would have been ; and Sir, Hartopp, who knew nothing of ths ducal nilsode, was well content with the future peer age. Only, in his always alort and wise policy, he stipulated that ths formal announcement of the engagement should be postponed for six months. ?' It is barely decent,' he said, ' to announce i wedding close on the heels of . a funeml. It u-ould be most impolitic,' he thought, without saving, ' to prejudice the gr&ndfatherby; a fro mature rejoicing of that sort. There is1 a ileal still in his power. He would nataculjr recent this as an early taking advantage of his misfortune. Well, matters are turning out satisfactorily. Lilian marriea I*ord Newtown in time, and Nora becomes, also in time, Countess ol Kenmore. That will do, I think.' CHAPTEU XVI. ?'Have you heard the news?' Iiady Water wood, a week liter, was asking the Admiral, with hex aristocratic beak ot a nose thrust for ward almost into her listener's face, as the put were dining, eide by side, at Sir Mark Kendall's table. 'What nesif asKedthogentleman. 'No- thing since yesterday, is there ?' ' Then yo« have not heard ? The Brest eligible has dropped oS, and the young lady't family, in gnat disgnst, bare carried her off to tbe s'ooih of France to finish the season, and smooth over the mortification.' 'Fact?' questioned the Admiral. The Dowager nodded. ' What is the meaning of it?' demanded tin gentleman. 'It seemed a settled tiling thai day at Chiswick.' 'Hiss Nora may have shown her temper, oi some kind Mend may have whispered a story oi tiro of her numerous flirtations,' oharitablj concluded LsJy Waterwood, with a satisfied shrug of her uncovered shoulders. ' And they have taken her abroad ?' said tin Admiral. 'Yes,' anwered the lady; ' and' - couti dentially — ' it's about the wisest thing that pool Lady Sophia has done for a lonf; time. If shi is sensible, she will keep the giH away for eii months, at least.' And Lady Waterwood glanced over at hei Blanche, who, Nora well ont of the way, migbi have a chance to get her innings (or the duoa coronet, after all. ' Ah !' said the Admiral, sipping hie fjufitte ' Lady Sopbiais a bad manager — very. Scarcely another mother in Ijondon would have let thi Duke slip through her fingers in that way. Si tbey have all gene abroad— Hartopp and all?' ' Yes ; under some pretence of his health chest delicacy or something— wanting a warn climate. In July ! My dear Admiral, the thini speaks for itsell.' 'Hartopp knows what he is £bout. too,' mused the gentleman. ' Who told you be ho- £«ne?' 'Lord Newtown. T met hiin tkil afternoon be bad just been to see tbem off; and when I got home, I found a little note from Lady 8opl)ii —of explanation, she called it;' and Ladl Waterwood fanned herself, and couched eignifi cantly. ' I ∈ sorry to say there is no doubl about the whole affair ' 'Most extraordinary 1' emphasised thi Admiral. And then the ladies rose from table, and th- conference broke up. It was quite true that the Hartopps had goni abroad, burned away by an alarming increasi ot unfavourable symptoms connected with Mr Hartopp's disorder. He bad once been benefitted ty a visit to the Pyrenees, snd, in Bpite of thi season, he remitted in trying tbe Bame ail again. The physicians yielded: their objeot was t- shift the responsibility of their patient. Thej ?new that tliccaee was hopeless, and they wsri W to get rid of tbe daily feint of an impossihli 'he Pyrenees, even in July, were oi good ae any other place to die in, and thi Pautnt might be humoured -for the first time Md. the plan having been made, nothing woul- suit the impatience of tbe invalid but imme ?if **10n- Twenty- four hours were all hi f ™J™ ,or preparationtfrom the family exodus wrd Newtown, paying his diurnal visit of in juty, were jutt in time to esoort the party U tne mlway-statlon, en roult for Dover, and tool tne opportunity on the way, of informing Mr ™W°PP that Biarritz was the place he had al 'hSLSS'i 011 'or autumn trip, and that hi oopeo I to stumble across them somewhere or mnrfj i ^e o'c long.' Charlie Dundus sum iu *«i I1,0' a8'e telegram from Now, wai toe oaly other confidant ol the family, ho „ 2 **' 00,11,1 OTer to o», Charlie, hy-and aunt j ?00 Ket y°nt Isave ?' invited bit ^5 «-? young man's rueful oountenanoi lb suggestion, iiirtini Tfrw'ttl y°u »ext month,' was hli 'P'rittoNoS WOrd' 10 E-atdy 8oPh''' 1,11 Waterwood waa sowing lie! in ui» ir mS'} ,onf ^roadoait over ' Society' subject ' drawing.foom, the fnnooenl docvSr th asporeloae was sitting on thi thlnHr,„„.S?, .. ^ nn'er U-® mmmer moon, had w£n n °' ''L' promise wblol „s ? 'UiS out of tiieir parting, woodwili' 1Tever- believed Lady Water at all iS i2i ?p,eate4 wlth variations over It eju^ ,'6 0' »»Un88, and rajoioei W.MiiWi Suiter. Aa loi ?odeawSMft' J' emHtd to himself as hi Hartopp's door-where hi *«ll'35S»imri * o^d-^nd stroked hli ?elf- tnM»taohe, as be murtaured to him given Liyly Snphia ci'odlt for nuoh supflrior diplomacy. It muni be hi brllr Norn. That ? ] gill ie a clernr creature. She dencrvea lo lie a I duahess I Well, thorn is no imrry. I'll take a i turn at the grouse in August, and in September, I of course, I am due at Townley ; but after ; Ootober I can ran over to lliarriu. A little i anxiety in the meantime is nnly the natural tare amongst the wheat of such a harvest.' I And, in the moantime also, the Duke per- - mitted himself to be courted and fAtod by tho I mothers ol all the marriageable daughters in I Mayfair, and listened with imperturbable I serenity to Lady Wutorwood's regret that ?' her ' poor friend, Lady Sophia Hartopp. was so un- I fortunate in her family.' She grieved to 'say i the young daughter had formed a meat unde sirable attachment, and she— Lady Waterwood —had heard— this is striotest confidence, his Grace would understand— that the sudden journey to the Pyrenees, which had so aston- 1 i»licd the world, hod been necessitated by « more than usually flagrant case ot flirtation on Nora's part. Lody Waterwood was deeply concerned ; she knew tne family most intimately, and Lady Sophia and she were like sisters. She had al ways felt it her duty to warn Lady Sophis against her mistaken system of training her daughters ; and the rcBTllt had justified her prognostications. Lady Waterwood was thank ful—most thankful— that such a trial was spared linrself : hrr daughters had never given a moment's uneasiness in their lives. 'Training, my dear Duke— training is the thing. In -mr position in life, one false step is irremediable ; and in the case nf a young lady, that Vine step is so easy 1' 'True, Lady Waterwood— moBt true,' as sented the Duke, with a good deal nf feeling ; and then ho offered her ladyship his arm, and conduoted her to her carriage with a deeply sympathetic courtesy, which caused her to con gratulate herself on having successfully per formed her duty as a British matron. ' Blanche would he precisely the wife for him.' thought her ladyship ; and he looked at her as if he thought so.' ' evertheless. the season's campaign came 1 1 a close, and Lady Waterwood carried off her daughters free as she had brought them on the Held. ' Still,'' thought the undaunted Dowager, ' the-e is no telling what the ' autumn ma r.ceuvros' may accomplish ; and Gracc Hervey has asked us lo Combo for the first fortnight in October, when tho Duko is sure to be atTotvnley. These things are much oftener settled quietly in the country than in the hurry and bustle of a London season. I am very glad now that 1 ac cepted Grace's invitation instead nf joining Mrs Herbert Fawnsbaw's party in Scotland. Grace I keeps a dull house : but, then, Combe is close to Townley, and there is a most neighbourly un derstanding between the two houses. And , after all, one must make sacrifices for one's children. Dear Blanche has always been a most dutiful daughter, and deserves my best efforts.' Supported by the approval of her own con science and by the hope of succoss to come. Lady Waterwood bade the Duke farewell ' until Sep tember,' as she smilingly reminded him, and set herself to restore Blanche's somewhat faded bloom by a cou se of German waters in the meantime. CHAPTER XVII. , In the meantime. Charlie Dundas was fussitiK \- and faming through the July and August heats in London, anathematising tho ' luck' which kept him at his post, ' toiling and moiling,' as, by a fiction of his heated imagination, be styled his easy duties at the Foreign Office, whilst his friends out of the office cooled themselves on the Scotch moors, or climbed the Alpine mountains, and Nora was amongst the pine woods. From grumbling at liis luck, Charlie went on to grumbling at his grandfather, stimulated thereto by tbe frank condolence of his fellow sufferers, for it was scarcely in Charlie's nature to originate a grievance for himself. Certainly, it was either unprecedented meanness or some thing else on Lord Kenmore's part to leave his heir to the insignificant revenue he derived from the Foreign Office, and to the cramp and office bound life he led there. ' All very well for me, you know, to drudge away the best years of my life,' flung out young 1 Poyntz, one of the ten children of acolonel, and without the ghost of a chanoe besides his career ; ' bat for you, old boy — by Jove 1 1 don't under stand what the old gentleman means by it.' ' To lower his crest and keep him well down, ! for fear he should crow too loudly,' suggested ' another of the friends and comforters ' But, 'pon my word ! it's hard lines. I don't believe ' I-couId stand it. Why don't you 6trike, Dunda* ? Whew 1 how hot it is ! And here's my Cousin ' Conrthoipn writing from Mount Cenis, tioin I amongst the ' eternal snoa .' And snow makes one tbink of ice. Come out, Poyntz, and let us ' look for some : iced seltzer— that's the tiling !' And the two walked off into Parliament Street, \- leaving Charlie to brood over his wrongs. In r truth, his grandfather's conduct had been very i extraordiaary. Since that rapid and sorrowful : journey from Lucerne, be had held no intercourse with him. Charlie knew that, for some reason r or another, his branch of the family had never ! been in favour with Lord Kenmore, and the I recent catastrophe, if it 'had not softened, was likely still further to harden his heart against ; the one who must needs gain by bis bitter loss. 1 The propitious moment for declaring his en : gagement had not, therefore, o^roe; indeed, it ) seemed to be fuither away than ever, and ' Charlie, in the exasperating heat -'cabined, \- cribbed, oonfincd,' as he expressed it, his wings i clipped in every sense— grew very impatient. ! As yet, poir fellow ! he had enjoyed none of the sweets of his long delayed triumph. Nora ' and he hid never been so far apart, or for so I long a time, since he had acquired the right to call her Ms Nora. ' Society,' too, liBda whispered ; one or two disagreeable surmises, which, in his i tongue-tied condition, he was powerless to de i molish ; and, altogether, poor Charlie was. as r nearly as was possible in nis easy good-nature, \- in a M temper, and thoroughly out of sorts, t And just M hi? was at the worst, the messenger brought in a clnnemou-coloared envelope. \- ' For you, sir— Mr. bnnd&s; —a telegram.' Charlie tore it open, turned white as a sheet. ! and dropped the paper as if it bad stung bim. ''Charlie, old fellow, anything tho matter ?' i sympathetically inquired Poyntz, returned from ! the search after ioe. But the young (ellow pushed past them both I without a word, and fled from the loom. ' ?' Well. I hope we have come to an anchor at J last I' cried Kora Hartopp, looking up from tbe 1 couch on whloh she had thrown herself, as Lilian ' softly closed the door of Mr. Hartopp's room, \- and came out into the adjoining mltm of the 1 quiet little hotel at Aroaohon, to which the ! party had Journeyed, after trying in vain Bor 1 deaux and BiarriU, Pau and Bayonne. 'Papa ? seems to like this place, ftnd to want rcBt as ' rouoh as we do.' . Lilian sighed at she stood at the window, s looking out at the dark fringe of pine-woods ? purpling in the evening light. Mr. Hartopp wo£ it troubteflome invalid, And Iiilisn's snare \- of the nursing that day had been a heavy one. 1 She was weary and oppressed, and she looked ? over at the calm, purple billows of dark foliage I with a vague yearning for peace and rest to be i found in their solemn depths. 1 ' Charlie will like Arcachon : he comes at the ? ond of the month,' said Nora, for whom also \- tbs pine-woods held their promise of romanoe. 'Ten,' answered Lilian, with her ever-ready response of sympathy with Nora's assured hap* 1 pinuss. .. ) And then she leanod lier two arms on the low window-sill and gazed silently out upon 1 the evening landscape with a strange, new feel \- ing of content. Tbp dark woods seemed to beokon to her, and thqlr low, plaintive murmur, ' as it reached her through the open window, to 1 whisper to her of a blissful seoret held In their ' keeping. The very air— the sweet balmy even i lug alr-ieemed full of mysterious moaning as i itvouched her obeek and played among her fair i trasses. Something told her that shebsd oome to a haven ot rest at last — that the long, weary ? strugglo of the last three months was over. What a struggle it had been ! How tbe loyal I trust, the high eonfidonce, had drooped in stok ' weariness, and sunk beneath the weight of i absonoe and silence, only to bo, in turn, avenged i by scalding tears ot self-rebuke and faithful in i dlgnationl How we&iy; tho long, long weeks ? had Seemed— how endless, and, at lwt, how hopeless I Bat faert, tb# burdenllfted itself off. r It almost seemed to her as If ffltora Wmsell I ^Iok b^i tb riodfoftta mi trait* ** Yea,' alio Kaid, nrrowntly. m if in rtnswnr to S'orn ; ' lm will lm h«iro ncton.' Bat the ' he' was tnt Ohnrlie Dundas nny no re than the msoaw flush tint lit u|- her tweet (too was tho reflection of the last crimson cloud pet hovering above tbe truck *ot the departod iun. 41 You »oo, I wm right,'' Mr, Hartopp, with ominine triumph, remarked to lita wife next lay. '* Lilian hm not broken her heart about hat younp fallow Tomplemoro. I never wxw lor more cheerful in my lifo. Lord Newtown iu written to »ay he will be here next weok. rhe girl han had a dull time lately, and rIiu will glad of a little excitemout. The affair will lettle itself, as I told you.' Tjfuly Sophia did not answer. Sho was puzzled At the sudden briKhteninu ot Lily's manner; bat there was more of fear titan of hope in her r,bf*crvalinn nt her dau^htpr. She did not like lo think that Lilian had forgotten eo noon, or to ttcept this c&sy; transference for the depth and atrenKth ot oonstanejr she hart bwm iwed to love And rusport in one, at lenpt, other children. In truth, the whole family hrfchtmcd and i^vivnd in the r »ft, aromatic HPHUod ui- of the liUta Southern wat?rinu-plaiT. Mr. Hartopp vim hotter in health, ard, consequently, les* prim in temper, and his intluonr* -the influence of a iuu?i*rful mind— as usual, directed the tone of his household. fiven Lady Sophin beaiuud and smiled a^ain as she 6 1 it licaide Ilia invalid-chair in the sunny hotel Kar-lcns. or by the golden sands of the eca-shore, and played with herrmbroidery-work whilst her husband, in'amiatie inood, read the English papers, or discussed the last review. One day, in the fulness of his amiable mood, he even proposed an excursion to a little hamlet away amongst the pine-woid* on the country side, bearing the eix-mile drive without com plaint, and Hipping his chocolate iu the garden ot the inn, amongst the orange trees and olean ders. all with a good-humour almost miracu lous. He scarcely sneered at Lady Sophia once during the afternoon, and those refined sar casms which pit-rced the poor lady's heart like a fine steel weapon, soarcety once wounded her. Almost she thought, as she rested on tho couch in the little inn-parlour, and looked out at her husband winking sleepily in the sunshine before her, with his magazine dropped on tho gras? at his feet— almost she dreamed of a middle a^e of such sweet, conjugal happiness as had once been the drftum of her fond girl's heart. And with the happy dream smiling on her lips. Lad) Sophia must have fallen asleep. The visit of the English milord and his party had made a little stir and flutter in tho villas-1, used as the villagers were to excursionists from Arcachon. Antoine, the blacksmith, discoursed know ingly to the customers of the splendid English ] horspft and of the superb carriage, to the well balanced springs of which Mr. Hartopp would] alone have trusted himself. «' What will you ?' concluded Antoine. ' If a nation will speud of its best on beasts, it must i needs produce the best. We Frenchmen, louk you. we care for men, and not for beasts, and sr« 'the result : our nion ave men— such sis Un'Jibh men see only in France. We ciin afford to let our horses go.' *' He is souie j«reat mm in liU own country, this English?' asked a countryman in a blue blouse, ami with one of those bronzed, weather beaten, wistfuU'.ved one sees amongst thn patient, hard-working olasa to which he be lonyred. ?♦Yes.' assented Antonip, with a nod of supe rior information; ** he is a deputy of his country. The groom, who came just now to request mv assistance for removing a stone which had galled the foot of one nf the horses, made me acquainted with his father'* dignities. He belongs to the Government or hi* country, and he is rich -rich as a burgomaster.' The countryman looked with his ox-like gaz0!, over at the little inn, took r step or two irre solutely towards it, then turned back to tbe smith. ' I will return,' baid he, ' before you will have completed the shoeing of my beast.' Which was probable, considering that Antoine spent ine lime WHICH aiiuuiu nave uecn uevuwu to the countryman1* business in watching that individual'^ progress across the village-green. 44 He goes,' mused Antoine, with the irre pressible curiosity of his nation, *'to drink a glass of wine. And yetit is 'strange: Dubois it not* by rule, thirsty. Is it by hazard that lie will, in his turn, see these great English?' Dubois was walking slowly towards the inn, fumbling in his loose blouse as he went, and puckering his brows nervously, after the manner of & nnn who has brought his mind to an im portant conclusion, and ib working up hia courage to some cftort. (To hp rn.it nnwJ in II 'tdnetdity'* i*.we..) 