Hog and Horse. A RACE IN ILLINOIS. Weare unable to ascertain to whom die iedit for this truthful racing tale ashould be given: Onceduring time, the proprietor of ahotel in a little town in Illinois was a horse fancier. He was.such an enthusiast that it was common talk that his boarders would be more likely to live if he would devote more attention to the bill of fare and lees to horse. But he continued to talk horse and the undertaker still thrived. One day he suddenly dicappeared When he returned he brought with him a horse. He called is a runner and said it was bred in Kentucky, although no one believed he went beyond the Egyptian districts of Illinois to get it. Sped the months, and to all the boarders came a feeling such as we read of in patent medicine advertisements. The landlordtalked of nothing bhut the speed of the horse. At last, in a state of mental aberration, a suburban resident named Turner offered to bet that the horse could not beat one of his hogs for a quarter of a mile. After the penin. salar on the landlord's face had grown red enough to do credit to a Kentucky colonel, he replied that he would bet all kinds of money that no hog could outrun his horse. While his mind was still on a summer vacation, Turner staked 10 dollars, which was immediately covered by thelandlord Then Turner's senses came home. Now, 10 dollar bills are not as plentiful with him as they were with Cortez after he discovered Mexico, and he at once fled to a point of seclusion where he couldthink out a scheme for saving the de posit. He thoughtandthought. Hethought about the hard times; about how great Ananias could have been if he had lived in an age when fame was acquired because of having owned fast horses; but firstly and lastly he thought about that 10doL Turner had some Poland China hogs which he claimed had been imported direct from Poland or Iceland, he wasn't positive which, but they were of the bar-tender variety and just as capable of going fast quarters as an alderman t ofpassinglaws that would benefits town. At last before his mindappeared aghost. It must have been a ghost, for an animated frame of bones can't be anything else; this losht was nothing more nor tess, and it could not have been any less without parting with the tail, than a Southern wind- rolitling, razor-back hog. It was of the sane kind that a Mississippi scientist thought would make admirable substitutes for the carrier pigeons if they could be induced to return home at the top of their speed. Tur ner knew that a razor-back hog would go farther for a feed than a policeman after a drink, and at a much faster gait. He con eluded it was just what he wanted. He gained aconcession of six weeks for training, raised the bet to 60dol., and at, first oppor tunity importedashadow of a hog. -a His first plans matured rapidly, and when the hog arrived he was ready. 'the first lesson was like teaching a small boy the danger of eating green apples. :It consisted of placing a bucket of feed at one end of the lane and trying to start the hog in at the ether. Finally the hog was persuaded to'' go down the lane.. Of course it found the feed. It was not neces sary to diet the hog to make it hungry. The instant it was in any other condition it ceased to be a razor-back. To make a long story short, that hog proved to be the most apt student ever seen in Illinois. The lessons were repeated daily, and the hog allowed to go down the !ane at a clip so hot that if the race had occurred in Sodom or Kansas City either town would have burned. The landlord got a little bit shaky about starting his horse against the hog, but his money was up, and on the day appointed he came to the score. The entries were to be sent froma standstill start. Everybody was told to get ready. A acore of idle hearts waited for the word. It was given and the bhog released. It started with a "booh" that would have frightened a Chicago mayor and went down the road like a frightened comet. For at least five seconds the horse did nothing but rear and snort his disapproval of such a con. test, and when once started it was evident he would rather do anything than overtake the objectbobbing up and down inthedistanee. The hogwon. Turner pocketed .the 60do andmoved to. town. The landlord, sold the horse, bought a hatchet, and ever sinces has beeh engaged in chopping the wood and cut ti'g off the feet of spring chickens.-,' The Horsema." ' 