TRAVELLED ON CHEEK. Orlando Boggs wanted to go around the world, and he had nothing on earth to go 'with buttine' and' oheek.""It'; has been said that time is money, but. for some reason Mr Boggs found it impossible to convert his time into any collateral for bread ana meat and steamboat 'fare and railroad riding and' other necessaries incident to living or travelling. In taking stock of his resources one day, it anddenly occurred to Boggs that his obeek might be more available, and he put himself into a deep thinking trance. Results fol lowed and Orlando Boggs went abroad; in fact, he went all round the world ; and yet he left home without the ghost of a penny The ocean steamehip Orpheus was adver tised to sail on Saturday night at 12 o'clock. Captain Findley, one of the jol. lest and moat sociable of old sea doeg was the master, and just on time the planks were pulled in and all was made snug on board for the ocean, voyage, and no one suspected there was an extra pa? senger hanging to the rudder post. 'Thn Orheus was a first-class passenger liner, and she ploughed through the water at a lively rate, having made about 200 miles at breakfast time on Sunday morninSg Captain Findley was about the deck taking a survey of the weather and looking after things in general before going below to eat, when a commotion at the s?ton of thveesas attracted his attention. Going aft he found jthat a man without shoes, hat or coat had just clambered over the rail of the ship and stood there dripping wet, The firstmate was there and had asked the stranger who he was and how he came on board, and to these questions the dripping man's reply was merely an inquiry as to where he could find the captain. "I am the captain, sir," said that jolly old fellow, all in a maze at the spectacle before him ; "now who on earth, or rather on water, are you ?" "Glad to see you, captain," replied thb visitor; "sorry 1 haven't a card with me, but you have doubtless heard of Or(lando Boggs: I am he." AWell, Mr Boggs," said the captain in still greater wonderment at the eisy,affabitit of the man, "I amnot urewhether I am lad to see you or not; Imust oon fes, too, that I never heard of you in mo life; out with it, man, and tell me who yenou are and how you happen to be on board my ship " th Captain, I am Orlando gg, the swimmer. How I happen to be her is simpleenough. Last evening I came down to the beach, as is my usual custom, to take a swim. My system must be out of gear in some way, for when I was out thirty or forty miles I went to sleep and evidently kept right on swimming. I was just daylight when I awoke, and, look, ingaboutme, I espied your ship. bKnow ing my average speed, and judging by the rising sun what timie it was, I nwardl roasted myself for going to sleep and getting so far from land without anypre parationa or supplies. I began to feel thb gnawings of hunger, and realising that ii wouldtake me several hours to return to the city, I determined to overhaul you and as_ your hospitality for a meal, and hero I am That's all there is to it, captain." h " Why, confound it man; you don't mear to tell me that you--why man, are yeou razy 1" "No, captain, I am not crazy, but I am very hungry." " Yo swam all the way out here:ansd then overhauled my ship going twenty miles am hour?" stammered the captain; "you did this ?" ' " \hy, certainly; you don't know my record, captain, or you wouldn't be so in, credulous ; that is nothing for me, sir." " Yon come right down to iny stateroom; Mr Boggs; you can have anythine you want on this ship." Mr Boggs, for sure enough it. was that same individual with plenty of time and cheek, was soon fitted out. with dry garments and was enjoying a hearty breakfast with the captain. During the meal he related to the captain numberless performances in which he had been engaged, and altogether proved decidedly entertaining. His wonderful swimming experiences inte' rested the captain hugely. - "And now, Captain Findley, allow me to thank you for your kindness and your hoe. pitality," said bMr Boggs, as he finished his coffee; 'if you will have the steward tie me up a couple of sandwiohe and let me have my wet clothes I will start baok; I want to reach home by supper time, at least." "Now, see here, Mr Bogga, I like you, and asyou have intimated once or twice you have nothing particular on hand just now, I want to invite you to stay aboard with me for the round trip; I shall take it nas a favor II you will; come now, say yes." Mr Boggs declared he would be de. lighted, but called the captain's attention to the fact that he had come away from home without money or luggage. ; "How can I, captain." said he. 'with only a pair of pants, a pair of suspenders and a neglige shirt ". "Don't you worry about these things," replied the captain; "you can have all the clothes and money yoen need while you are with me; you are my guest as-long as you will stay." And so it was arranged. Cheek had sue~ eoeded in taking Mr Boggs across the ocean in first-class style without a gent. It vas a jolly trip bothfor Mr Bogge and the captain, and the formermadehimself very'entertain ing to' all the passengers ; there was nothing too good for Bogga on the Orpheus. On arrival at Itverpool the captain and hisguest went ashore' for'a little change. One of the first things thatetruck their notice was the advertisements of a great swimming contest to take place that same afternoon. A great champion had challenged the world to swim for a stake of 1000dol., the test being both speed and distance. "Wby, here, Boggs," exolaimed the cap. taln, " this is jusnat in yonrl ne; you ought to enter this and win that money ; will you, if the entries are not closed 2" The question for a momnent alaggered Bogge, but he quickly braced up and re pliedthatho would only be too glad todo so. The captain went to make inquiries andpresently returned, saying he had made all the arrangements and had put up thbe money. Boggs told him he would be o Ilged to draw on him forea little money to get some necessaries for the match, and his friend gave him the cash without the least hesitation. Boggs then disappeared, but jusnt about 61 minutes before the time set for the start he showed up. He was a sight. He was dressed in tights and on his ahoulders and arms were numberless bandles and packages, among them being a small eil-stoveand some utensa for cooking. The captain greetedhtsm warmly "All right, Boggs, my boy t" Got every thing you want ?" he asked. "h es, I guess so " re lied that cheeky individual. "Only I dnut know anything about my oppnent, and I am in douhb whether or not I ought to take along another ham and a few dozen eggs. " What's that ?" saidthe champion, com ing up. "Ham and eggs. You don't mean to say you are going swimming with all that truckonyou What istlL all, any'wa1 " What is it ?" replied BIoggs, as if r pised at the question. "What is it Why, eunpplies for the trip, of course." " Supplies !" yelIed the champion. "Whfy, how long do yenou expect to be gone I" "That depends entirely on you, sir," replied Bogga with dignity. "All' I have to do to win the money is to swim lonr and faster than you do. I only intend to keep just ahead of you, and; if you ashould keep me out in the ocean for a month or two' I don't wan't to starve, do I?. Where are your supplies, sir? It strikes me' it is time torus toatart." tr a, see here, mister, is that the way you always swim; do yon mean to .say yen go out and stay two and three-months at a time!" " Certainly," said Boggs, "twn or three months are nothing. I swam one mstch with a native Malay which lasted twenty-one mouths. Cameon, lot us start." ' "Say, mister, I don't think I want to swim with you; you are out of my class; I give it up and you can have the noney; I am willing to give it up just to sive a look at a man rigged out for a three' months' swimming match; you beat me, yon do." Orlando Boggs now had plenty O' money for his trip abroad, for the cap. tain Insisted on his taking the 2000dols. They went up to .L?ondon toagether, and after seeing the English capltal Mr Bogs wont over to' the ontinent and spent severl months in keen enjoyment encorelidi the globe, seeing all the' sights, and he did it all cn his cheek." New Father: "What's the baby orying for " Mothere: ." Because I told him ha looked like yeo." 