CHARLIE'S DREAM. Air-"Goblins in the Church.yard." He went down to his offide upon last Fridiy eve; He wrote his pars, he read his proofs, and gave a sleepy sneeze. Then he dozed and closed his eyes, and fell iut". a sleep, And while he nlunmbered on he felt a ni:ghtmare o'er him creep. He tried to rouse himself in vain he heard a noise clo-e by; He turned, Oh lor ! all Brighton's ghosts in white then met his eye. His hair stood up, his knees gave way-they filled him with alarm For earth ghost had The Leader tucked .underneath his arm. CHORUS All of the ghosts commenced to read the Brighton Leader through, And sat stock still in a ghostly row while yet their numbers grew, They all gave a loud "ha ! ha I" they all geve a lond "ho! h.i!" He tried to wlsh them all good night, but none of them would go. One of the ghosts began to speak, and Charlis quaked wi h f ar, "I am a printer's ghost," he sanid, and C.L.R. felt queer. "Once I ran a paper on the Official Lay, I tried to bounce my readers, but found it didn't pay. I said that I must have their ads. their printing, too, as well, Or not a single par they'd get-they all could go to--. I'd bully them and bluster, I'd rant -at them and rave,. But now I come to think of it I can't rest in my grave." Chorus-All of the ghosts commenced to read the Brighton Leader through, etc. Young Percy Allen! then appeared, and cried out "Mr. Rees, We've not a line of copy, can you supply some, please. We've had ro printing in this week, and advertisements are few; There's nothing to put in the rag now people boycott you." ThenWoodman came, Fred Blaokham, too, Bob Orford, all the staff. They'd not a stick of copy-Oh! how the gh,"sts did laugh. The printer's ghost just then exclaim ed "give them all the sack, You'v' kil ed the paper and yourself, and now can don the black." Chorus-All of the ghosts commenced to read the BrtghtoelLeader through, etc. *"We take the Brightoen Leader. now, that gives us'all the news. It does not let the £.'s. D. actuate its views. Mere mercenary grabbinghassickened us.of you We want a local paper, loyal, just and true. . Then Charlie woke and yelled aloud, with a terrific shout, "Percy, Woodman, all of you, take that notice out. Stop the machine, unlock the formes, and never it repeat. For it ruins me and makes the man who lives across the street. Chorius-All of the ghosts commenced to read the Brighton Leader through, etc. The Moorahbin council offered Conet bles Hoare and Mulcare £10 each to inspect and superintend the beacul at Mentone and Mordielloc respectively., Mulcare said while other inspectors were getting £20 he wouldn't act for £10, and the council said he needn't act-and the chapter was thus ended with Mulcare left. The council of Moorabbin Said to Constable Mulcare "We'll give to you a 'tenner' Toinspecthe beach downtberc." But the man of blordiallqo Said "just multiply by twice." And the council of Moorabbiu Said "don't wanr you at the price" 1 .- - - 