I TWO XMAS EVES. BY MR. 0. J. MACRAE. Author of "Told by the Firelight," &o.;, Ac. CHAPTER I. A BIBTHDAT BALL. A slim, girlUh figure, clad iu trailing robeB of eofteBt whito caught up here and there with drooping eprayB of crimson-berried holly and delicate mistletoe; a shimmer of coitly pearls about tho bare, slender throat, and upon the rounded armB; a single diamond star flashing amidst the curls ct, bronze brown hair; and in tho white-gloved handB a huge fan of ■nowy ostrich feathors. Such is the mirrored reflection upon which I, Ora DenniBon, am now gazing, and as my eyes meek the shining, happy odob in the glass, I tu;o away with a litcle sigh of glad content. I am not vain—I 1 cau truthfully tay that I am not— but I know that this evening, at any ! rate. I am fair to look upon, and I | am rejoiced that it should bB so, for wiibin the next few hours my life's | happineep is to receive its—crown. Gathering my laoy skirts together I louve my room, and passing along the western corridor, as it is called, entrr my mother's boudoir, where she, a very stately figure in velvet* point antique, and diamonds, is waiting to receive me. "Marie raid you wished ~fco sob " j mo, mother, befoie 1 went down stairs," I say, almost timidly. " Yes, Sit dowD,1' motioning me to a seat immediately facing her own. "1 muBt have a few minutes' : conversation wiih you before our i guests arri vc." There is a moment's P&ubo; ; then in her coldest tones she resumes -- "It is about Captain F&irleigh.; He will probably have tho a£8Uinnue to propoFG to you to night, but, leifit-cnbor Ora, you will ' refuse him." "Mother, 1 oannot." Almost wiih a wail the words leave iuv 1 ipe, and with piteouB, entreating eyes I look at her; but her face, if possible, only grows more inriexib'u etill, and yet more coldly she repeats— " You will refuse him, Ora." "But, mother, I—I love him." "How dare you*?" she exolaime, ! with sudden passion. "How dare | you, a^child of mine, difgr&ce; your self bv falling iu love with a penni* less captain in a marching regi ment, with a miserable fortune | hunter" I "No, mother, ho is nob that,"I interrupt quickly. 14 He has Baid many times that he wished to heaveu 1 had not a penny in the world." " Aud you believed him V' ecorn fully. "Ididanddo. It is my wretched money which haB Btocd between uh for bo long, I know it i^, but" "It ia your 1 wretched money,' aa you aro plcAaed to call it, which haBkepthim dangling atyoursido," mother interrupts. " I never liked the man, and 1 will never forgive Lady Alynick for introducing biro to you. I warned you against biro the first time I saw bim, but you are alwaya bo obstinate that you will take your own way in every thing; and cow—but I toll you again, Ora, that you shall never marry him. I would rather eee you in your grave than Riohard Fair Ieigh'a wife. You will marry Sir Arthur Drayton." "Never, mother," I return, in a tone &b; resolute as her own ; then, sudden!}', my composure gives way, and I fling myself upon my knees beside her, and clasp her white, iewelled hands in mine. " Mother, be kind to me," I plead. "I—I love him so. Indeed, he is no for tune-hunter, but a noble, chivalrous gentleman, who'1 " That will do," mother inerruptg, Bternly. " Get up at once—you are ruining ynurdrepw—and 1 will prove to you tvhnfcsort of a 'noble, cbfval toub gentleman' Richard Fair leigh is." Rifling to her feet, she oroseos the room to her writing table. Un locking one of the drawers she pro duces a letter, with which ehe re urnfi to her chair. " Thia letter is one which I only received thia afternoon," ehe ex plains. " It is from Mrs. Scarsdale ; and now you Bball learn what t>he eaya about your would-be lover. 41 hear that you have Captain Diok Fairloigh staying in your neigh bourhood ; "Handsome Diok," as be is called. Do pray, my dear Louise, he careful of your little Ora, for Diok, when he chooses to be so, ib perfectly irresistible. Ho is a very nice fellow, without doubt, but ft dreadful flirt, and haa over and over again declared that hewill never marry until he can secure a wife with a dot of at least fifty thousand pounds. Would not your Ora, with her income of five thou sand a year, be a glorious price for him? Rat such a marriage would never do for her ; he would break her heart within a year of it. This is, of oourse, my dear Louise, in strictest confidence; but hearing that Captain Diok ib staying with the AlynickB, and knowing that hi* eyes are always open for a rich wife, I felt that I must drop you a word of warning.' There, what do you eay to that?" mother BBks, folding the letter upa&d; surveyiegme with triumphant eyes. "Mrs. Scarsdale ia a miaohief making, Boandal-loving old busy body," I answer passionately. "I never liked her, and she never liked me. I don't believe a word she haa eaid about Captain Fait' leigh." "Very well," mother retnrnB frigidly, again rising to her feet, Bnd gathering her gloves, fan, and handkerchief together preparatory to going downstairs, "I hare said what I intended to Bay to you ; you will probably take your own way, but understand this — on the day when you become Richard Fair leigh's wife you cease to bo a daughter nf mine. From tlir.t dny to tuy life's end I will never look i upon your face again," acd she swept fiDin the room. I i20i Mechanically I follow her, meobanically I help her to receive the throng of guests which in twos and threes are shortly announced.; but all my long- anticipated enjoyment of my birthday ball has fled from me. My gaiety is all forced ; it is a tnereiy conventional smile which hovers upon my lips, for my heart feels dead within me. I ones read in a book that for a girl to be constantly told that her lover iB attracted by her money is the moBt fatal thing to her peace of mind whioh could happen to her. She might fight against the thought, she might continually assure herself that it was not true, but the doubt would always be with her until her lover should by some means prove his disinterestedness. And so it is with me. Day after day, ever since I made Captain Fairleigh's acquaintance, mother has oalled him a fortune-hunter, and though I do try with all my Btrength to banish the thought of hie—of bis possible baseness ont of my mind it is still there. What shall I do, what can I do ? How can I learn the real truth ' Over and over again I ask myself these questions, and they are still ringing through my brain when the party from Alyniok Abbey enters the ballroom. First comes Lady Alynicb, then her daughter Constance; behind them are several men, amongst whom is one who towers above his neighbours by at least three inohes, whose deep blue eyes at once seek my brown ones, whose hand holds mine for a brief instant in a clasp whioh sends a happy thrill through my evory nerve. " It is not my fault that we are so late," he whispers, bending to look at me, as mother for a minute turns her back upon us to greet another late arrival. " You will give me the dances you promised me, will you not—my darling?" The laBt two words in a scarcely audible tone. " You may have the tenth, the four teenth" "And the fifteenth," he finishes quiokly. "Give me the fifteenth as well as the four- | teentb, Ora; I have something to say to you, something to ask you. You know what it is." "Perhaps I do, and perhaps I don't," I answer gaily, though nobody oonld even guess what an effort it oosts me to be gay and non ehalant with him. "Now you must go and do your duty, Captain Fairleigb," I continue, suddenly catching mother's eyes fixed upon me with an angry gleam. " Go and secure a partner for the next dance, which is a valse." With evident reluotanoe he moves away, and wistfully I glance after him. He doss love me, I am sure be does; he is not wishing to marry me because I am mistress of Ryeland Hall, with an inoome of £5,000 a year. Ok! mother, why have vou tried so persistently to turn me against him; why oannot I chase from my brain those so oft-repeated words of yours—"He is a fortune hunter?" I would cheerfully give everything I possess to know them to be false. I scorn myself for harbour ing even a single doubt against him; but the truth must be oonfessed, and it is this. The seed of suspicion, so skilfully and persever ingly sown, has at laBt taken root in my mind, and thongh I do my utmost tooboke it, though I assure myself over and over again that I am biB heart's love, yet the oruel suspicion is etill alive, and—I am utterly miserable. At last the time arrives for our first danoe. I am sit ting beside mother when he oomes to claim me for it, and haughty in the extreme is the glanoe with which Bbe favours hint. "Had you not better exouse Captain Fair leigb. Ora, and sit this dance quietly out with me? she asks, in a significant tone. "You are beginning to look a little tired." "Then it is auobher case of appearances being deceitful," I return lightly. " I am not feeling in the least tired." " Very well," coldly, " but you must return to me as soon as the dance is over; I want to introdnoe you to the Duchess of Lemminster. Oaptain Fairleigb, you will kindly faring Miss Dennison back to me direotly your danoe is finished." He bows, and offering me his arm leads me away. "Are you really tired?" he questions. " Would you like to ait the valse out?" "No, thank you," I answer, with a little j smilo. " I would prefer to danoe it." It is not by any means the first valse we have bad together, and in a general way we find plenty to say to say to eaoh other. But for some reason we are now almost entirely eilent. In fact, not a single word passes between us until we have been twice round the long room; then my partner suddenly finds bis voioe. "I have never wished you many happy returns of your birthday yet," be says softly. "And I have never thanked you yet for those lovely flowers yon sent me ttiia morn ing," I return. " Please aeoept iny thanks for them now, Oaptain Fairleigb." " I am glad yon liked them; I was afraid you did not." " What made you think that ?" with some cariosity. " I had hoped that you might honour me by carrying them to-night if they had been lnoky enough to meet with your approval." " Oh 1 Oaptain Fairleigb, what a stilted speech." I laugh as airily as I oan. " Indeed I did like them very much, only I thought that 1202 a bouquet would cot be quite in keeping with ( the holly and mistletoe on my drees, eo I deter-' rained not to carry oue at all. Don't I present a ChriBtmaey appearance?" I go on, almost feverishly. "Mother at first pooh- poohed the idea of my wearing holly and mistletoe au naturel, even at my birthday ball on Christ- ; mas Eve, but I would have-my own way. I I am a very self-willed young person, you know. ] "Are you?" in an absent tone. "I wish" But whatever his wish may be, he doee not utter it, and again, we relapse into eilenoe, a : silence wbioh lasts this time until our danoe j comes to an end. Then he immediately takes me bach to mother, and with a bow departs. "I hope you have not promised Captain Fairleigh anymore dances this evening," she aaya in a tone of displeasure; but ere I oan answer ber there toddles np to us a short and portly old lady in the brightest of orimson satin dresses and the moet wonderful of coiffures. She proves to be Her Grace the Duohess of Lemminater, and with the eweeteBt of Bmiles mother introduces me to her. I sib out the next danoe by ber side, and quiokly learn that her manneie and conversation are as eccentrio as her toilette; then Sir Arthur Drayton claims me for the Lanoere. 1 like Sir Arthur, though mother'e wish of seeing me Lady Drayton will never be ful filled ; and I now tell myself mentally that he is one of the pleasanteat men of my aaquaint anos. I am quite sorry when the Lanoeia are finished; bub when, after the next danoe, Captain Fairleigh once more presents himself before me I soon forget that there is such an individual as the wealthy and good-natured baronet in existence. "You will not dance this valse," my lover says, in a low, masterful tone, as I lay my hand upon his arm. "I am going to take you into the library; I want to speak to you." Without uttering a word of protest I let him lead me away, and as we pass the open door of the cloakroom he snatches up a warm fur closk and muffles me in it. "Now you are not likely to oatoh cold, so we need not hurry book to the ballroom," be remarks in a voioe of satisfaction; and again I make no protest. The library is completely deserted ; the Gre has burnt low in the grate; and it would be in darkness save for the dim light of one shaded lamp upon the oentre table. After the poiBe of the ballroom, the quiet which now sur rounds us is almost weird and solemn in its intensity, and a sudden ehiver—not of cold, bub of vague dread, a dread of I know not what—rune through me. Shutting the door behind him my companion orosses to my Bide, and as he does so the clock on the mantel pieoe chimes out twelvesweet, flute-like notes. "Twelve o'clock," I remark, forcing myself to speak. " Open one of the windows a little bit, please. Captain Fairleigh, and then we shall hear the Christmas bells. I always like to listen to them." Softly and melodiously they oome to us through the dear, frosty air; brightly the, stars gleam in the blue-grey canopy of the heavens, lighting up, with a misty, ethereal I radiance, the snow-oovered earth, and turning into a sheet of virgin silver the ice-bound lake | at the bottom of the eeoond terrace. I With a sudden oraving for sympathy I turn to the man beside me. "Isn't it a fairy world outside?" I ask, almost in a whisper. " I wish mother would I have given a' Cinderella' instead of a regular ball; it seems almost wioked to be danoing on Christmas morning, to return to the noise and garish light of a ballroom after looking upon such a scene as this. Listen ! there are the carol aingere; they always begin with that | particular oarol; isn't it quaint and pretty ?" It came upon the midnight clear, Tbat glorionB song of old, From angels bending near the earth To touch tbeir harps of gold; Peace on the earth, goodwill to men From Heaven's all graclons King; The world in solemn stillness lay To hear the angele sing. Almost sharply I dose the window to shnt I out the children's voioeB. Dozens of times | before I have listened to the same old hymn, but never has it affected me as it doeB now. Choking Bobs rise in my throat, while more than one hot tear falls with a tiny splash upon my oloftk. Hastily I turn away and try with a furtive hand to wipe my eyes. But my aotion was noticed, and my hands are suddenly caught in a strong, yet gentle, daep. " What ib the matter ?" a musioal voioe esks tenderly. " My darling, why are you crying?" "I don't know," I answer with perfect truth. "It was the oarol I think." " What a sensitive child it is," with a smile; then in graver tones he continued— "Ors, you know why I have brought you here; what answer are yon going to give me? I need nob repeat the story of my love, you know it already; my love for you has been Fatent to the world ever since the hour when first saw yon j tell me than—do you love me; will you be my wife !" . With eyes which are still wet with tears I look up at him. Surely, surely that is love,' -true, heartfelt love, which is illumining his face? And then—"He is a.fortune-hunter." " He is a dreadful flirt, but' when he ohoosei to be so he is psifeotly irresistible." Those are the—the cruel words wbioh again, surge through my brain." What shall I do? How oan I learn the truth? " Speak to me; tell me that yon do lore i me, that you will be my wife," my lover pleads again, and all at once I come to a reso lution. " I do love you," I answer truthfully; " but before I oan say that I will marry you I mast ask you a question." " Yes," in evident surprise. " What is your question, Oral" Twice I try to speak, but twice the words die away in my throat; then— 11 don't know tew to ask you," I ory d I mm * desperately; " but I must, I must do it. If I kept silence aud—and became your wife its ghost would for ever be between ub, aud we oould neither of us know happiness. So yon see," with an entreating glance, "the miser able question must be asked." "I have not tbeleastclue to your meaning," he responds looking down at me gravely, "but I am perfeotly willing to answer any question you may choose to put to me." " And if the question should pain you, as I Or tb mntt tinii oriI! fVtwmora V' fear it must, you will—forgive ? "I do not think you need question my forgiveness at any rate," he answers, with a tender smile. " Now come, ohild, let us hear this tormenting question, and get it over and done with, for, remember, I am waiting for you to answer a question of mine." Gathering all my oourage together I lay my band upon his arm and lift my eyes to bis. "It is said of you in London," I whisper, my stiff, dry lips almost refusing to form the words, " that you—have many times deolared that—that you would never marry a girl whose dot was leSB than fifty thousand pounds. Tell me the solemn truth, and I will entirely believe you. God knows how gladly I will do so—why are you—wishing to—to marry me?" Bight up to the roots of his olosely cropped fair hair rises a deep orimeon flush ; then as quickly as it arose, it dies away, leaving him as pale as he well oould be. Into his eyea flashes a light which I have never seen intbum before; and with a eort of stiffening of biB whole figure he steps back from rae. " My question to you you need not trouble to answer, Miss Denuison," he says at last, slowly and haughtily. " Your question to me I will answer in a very few words. I am a Soor man, and I have many times declared, alf in jest, half in earnest, that my wife must have a fortune of her own. But that you would believe me a fortune-hunter " Be pauses, a Bpasm of pain flitting over his face; then, quickly and passionately, ere I oan utter a word, he resumes— " There are same things that a man cannot forgive, and this is one of them. I would have asked you many weeks ago to be my wife, but the thought of your money sealed my tongue, aud now to know that after all my self-denial I should still be deemed a fortune hunter by the woman I love is bitter in the extreme, and—" "No, no," I interrupt incoherently. "Let me explain. I—" "Pardon me," he says, in his turn, " bnt you cannot explain; your words admit of but one explanation, the one I have given them. And now I will wish yon— good-by, and"—with fierce paBBion—" I hope to heaven that I shall never look upon your face again." He bows, aud in another instant I am alone. 