THE POPE ON BIBLE STUDY. The Pope's .latest encyclical, dated Rome, November 18, 1893, is largely devoted to the importance of a thorough training in the Bible for priests aud teachers. Not only does he urge systematic study, butt also that it should be in the original languages. Two principal reasons are alleged ;to have caused the Pope to write this document. The one is his desire to see " this glorious source of revelation more safely and more abundantly opened for the use of the Lord's flock the other is his unwillingness to " tolerate that the same should in any way be violated by those who either by impious daring openly attack the Saored Writings, or im prudently are scheming new and fal lacious : doctrine." .The Pope supports his statements by references to the Fathers, and takes very strong ground in favor of earnest and constant Btudy of the Scriptures, quoding the words of Hierouymus, who declares that " to ignore the Scriptures is ignoring ChriBt.". He warns the preachers of the_ Catholic Church againsb [preferring to use their own rather than- God's Word and wisdom, and severely _ inveighs againsb the abuse and lack of Biblical study and research. "TheCatholio Church,"he contends, "at all times, and by the best laws and institutions, has taken care never to leave the heavenly treasures, which the Holy Ghost has given so liberally to man, neglected or concealed." In the long succession of Popes and Ecu menical Councils, priests and teachers of the Church, Leo XIII. discovers only one long series of enunciations of the fundamental doctrine• of the- Church, "that the study of the Sacred Scriptures must form the founda tion of'all preaohingand teaching, faith and dogma." The Pope advises great prudence in the choice and selection of teachers and pro, feasors for.this important discipline. Headopts the Vulgate or recognised Latin version of the Bible as the true and generally accepted text book. One of the most notioeable passages in be enoyclioal is the admission that the only j way to meeb the advances made bv. critical science is by bringing to the defence of religion a finer and truer scholarship than that which opposes it. 'I'his in an unusual doctrine, some may imagine, for the Roman Oatholio Church, bub it is advocated with great clearness, as is also the statement that there can be no conflict between religion and science, since God's" revelation in Hi3 Word can never contradict that in His works. 