Living in a Haunted House. In everyday talk Bosina Yokes was altogether and bewitchingly the Bosina we knew across the foot lights — the same big, honest eyes, the same drolly staccato speech, the same tossing of that fluffy mane of shinine hair, and the matter of her stjeech was quite as flavoursome as any lines her playwrights ever set down for her epeaking. It is a pity she never told across the footlights for all the world to hear the story she once told to a favoured few. The Yokes family, she said, had returned to London from a provincial tour, and, intending to remain for the season, decided to hire a house in preference to taking lodgings. They looked upon it as miraculous luck to find a house in an eminently agreeable neigh bourhood at a phenomenally low rent. They soon found out the reason. A particularly shocking murder had been committed in the house a few years before, and since then it had stood ontenanted, its evil reputation intensifying with every night its dark window gloomed upon the else cheerful street. 'But it was a lovely, comfortable house]' said Rosina, ' and we didn't mind its story « bit — in fact, we thought it rather distinguished than otherwise, and, as for spooks, we'd all played 'em too often in Christmas pantomimes to hold em in any especial awe. Be sides, we never saw any— nothing, I give yon my word, more fearsome than a black bietle ever crossed our paths in that maligned house. But, for all that, a more uncomfortable three months our happy go-lucky family never spent. The neighbours gave the house a bad name and hanged it They took the attitude that any one willing to live in a murder-stained house was simply an accessory after the fact* My dears, never shall I forget the first morning I called on the local butcher with a plea for chops. ' Send them to 313 ? street,' piped I, cheerily. The batcher turned duskily pale. He edged behind his block. He glowered at me over it 'Three forty-three, you said, mum F ' he gasped. ' Man alive, yes ! ' said I. We live there, and we're not ghosts, or we shouldn't need chops!' Well, the long and the short of it vefi we coold get nothing eent that^ wasn't ordered at high noon, and then the batcher's boy had a way of firing np the things from th» bottom of the steps— didn't want to come within grabbing distance of the door apparently. That was hard on the provisions, especially the eggs. No milk man would deliver muk m the grey of the niora- ..; ing, not he ! We had subsequently to bring it ,' home in a can. -TWien $he watar,-JHpes bocst. wabj$;2 to stop 'em uplwith ,-^ fito-ii^gs,j^ile. the hoys , scoured London for ^jplomberi^henqughto'cro^SH our fated threshold., W« lived hTcedJRobiusoii Crasoes on a densely* populated island. It was borne in upon us at last that it was a pity so much whole some terror should go to waste. So the last few days of our stay there we took to burning blue lights at midnight in the area window, and emitting hollow groans from the front cellar. I fancy our landlord reaped the results of this light-minded conduct. We never inquired.'— Boston Transcript. 