FOREIGN MISSIONS. PUBLIC MEETING IN PIBIB-STBKST CH' BCH. A public meeting in connection with the Foreign Missions was held in tbe Pirie-street Wesley an Church on Tuesday evening, May 15\. The attendance was large, and Sir John Oolton presided. The Rev. Dr. BBOWN, General Secretary of Foreign Missions in connection with the Wesleyan Methodist Chnrch, was the first speaker. He was sure they would all regret the absenoe from tbe meeting of good old Bishop Ijangham, of Fiji. The missionaries in Fiji were to be greatly sympathized with on account of the trying difficulties' which met them, inducting the machinations of the Papal agents on the islands. (Applause.) The Fiji Mission was tbe grandest mission that Uod had given to any Church under heaven. When he was asked to speak of the Foreign Missions be was reminded of his life in Samoa. (Applause.) They saw a lot about the Samoans in the newspaper oable messages. The kindest and most loving people he ever lived among on God's earth were the Samoans. He referred to the successful mission in New Britain, and felt sure that neither Mr. Danks, Mr. Rooney, nor himself ever begrudged a single hour of the years they spent in New Britian, whither he led the first band of missionaries many yean ago. It was a grand mission. He was also deeply grateful that he was sent out to organise the New Guinea Mission. A better equipped party never left any oountry for the mission folds than that party—seventy of them—who went from (Sydney Harbour in 1691 in the Lord of tbe Isles. Was it not wonderful that already the Gospel of St. Mark translated by Mr. Fellows was on its way to the New Guinea people, the first Gospel that was ever translated in the dialects of New Guinea under the missions of the Wesleyan Missionary Society. (Applause.) He asked them all to stand by this great Society, and to help with their prayers and gifts. Above all, they wanted that every man and woman connected with the Church should feel something of the power and influence of thia great mission work upon their home life. The Church that was not a missionary Church was either dying or dead. God forbid that the timeahould ever come when the Methidist Churches should lose their interest in the grand and glorious missions that God had entrusted to their care. He was delighted with tbe efforts of the Ladies' Auxiliary Societies. (Applause.) The Rev. JOHN WATSFOBD, of Victoria, still a vigorous speaker notwithstanding his advanced age, said thirty-two years ago he delivered his first missionary address in South Australia on the platform of that Churoh. Of the many who were on the platform on that occasion—noble men in the Methodist Church—all were dead save himself and Mr. Quick. When he was young man it was said the missionaries could not get into the heart of India and China, but bad not the missions in these and other countries been attended with glorious results? This was his year of jubilee. (Applause.) Fifty years ago he was married and went to Fiji, being among as noble a band of men as ever went into a mission field. John Hunt was there, Riohard Lythe, Thomas Calvert, and Thomas Williams, all grand men, were there (applause); there were fourteen of them altogether—seven men and seven women—and only two were now living, his wife and himself. (Applause.) They laid tbe foundations, and the noble bands of missionaries that followed built uoon their work and reaped the glorious harvest. He rejoioed to see the viotories in the mission' fields of Africa, China, India, and the isles of the sea. They had a growing proof of the value of their missions. But there was much work yet to be done. There were still 800 millions of their fellow-men in the darkness and misery of heathenism, 600 millions who were all redeemed and did not know it because they had not been told. Christ's message had not been given to them. Only those who had been in the mission fields knew what the darkness and misery of heathenism meant. The sins and miseries of these people were calling oat for tbe missionaries. These people were fast passing away, and soon wonld be gone, and those who had ombraoed Christianity were wondering why the missionaries did not go to the others. Missionaries should be sent in hundreds instead of in teDs. A full baptism of the Holy Ghost upon ministers and people was what was really needed. They must uot talk about impossibilities. The Oharoh was never right until it began to fight the so-called impossibilities. (Applause.) A. collection was made in aid of Foreign Missions. The Rev. A. J« WIBB (President of the Queensland WeslayanOonferenoe.and one time missionary in Fiji) regarded thia as the most important missionary meeting he had ever attended, the most important because it was the most representative. He felt it a ereat honour to be on the same platform with Mr. Wafcsford, whom he remembered addressing him ae a Sunday-school soholar in Parramatta years ago. Their Christian missions appealed to the heroio sides of their nature, and also appealed to them beoanse they developed the characters of the missionaries, bringing out all their latent powers, and this development in turn brought out the obaracten of the natives among whom they ministered. Instead of the horrid cannibalism and the terrible on witnessed in the days when Father Watsford was in Fiji, to-day there were Christian Churches in every village in that land, and Christian sohools, the sabbath-day observed as it was not observed in these oolonies, and tbe work of God oarried on as gloriously as it was in any oolony of Australasia. The mission work in Fiji had been no sham, but of the greatest reality, it had been a work of sternnese, and bad combated the most gigantic fenns of sin. (Applause.) Men of extraordi nary powers and eloquence as preachers had been raised amone the natives as tbe result of the missions. The unconverted Fijian was cowardly, but he knew of nothing more noble than the converted Fijian. The first invitation he got to Circuit in Fiji was "Send up your new missionary and we'll eat him." (Laughter.) He did not acoept the invitation, and though afterwards they tried to eat him they did not succeed. The most glorious night he had ever witnessed vraf that of tbe lieht of Christianity etea!ine away over the mass of heathenism in Fiji, first over the villages and then over whole tribes until tbe whole place w!is Christianized. TheRei-. J.J. LKCTIS.OF NewZealaud, having eulneiz»d fhe work of t.he pioneer missionaries of New Zealand,«taid Christianity had freed th( Maoris from cannibalism, polygamy, slavery and tribal warfare. <iood reltEio'.is work was f-till being done among the remnant of the Maori-. The colony th«t was leadiner the world in woman's niiffra^e— (laueliter)—would yet give the world heroines its th« mi»pion fields. (A.pplause.) If the wealth of the Church were only consecrated to God they would nevsr hear of retrench ment in connection with the expenditure on missions. He nrsed the Methodist people to bestir themsolvps in the mission cause, so that the eoe»e! mi?ht be carried to the heathens of all lands. ( Applause.) 