CHA.PIKB II. “ Hiiva Vise hu scat yon to me to h«H hot story f You with to'hsa? all 1' “AH. It cannot offset her honour, I am me of that." “ H-r nos our, no; but there are many m-n who woul< paaee tie they renewed the oflui you have male Balna Vane when they kau na»rd her story.” Suppose I am not like other men, Dio woodie. Bat never mind that. Tell m first whether you coaBider Edina nnworm; f the offjr I have made her.” •• I ao not, Philip; 1 e milder her worth) ro bo any mao’s wi'e. What the werld woul. think of the connection, nowevor, is another matter." " Bother the world, I stand alone—am the last of my raee, as you know, BmwooUie, aad can aff -rd to please uytof, 11 I an ■adified <*nh the woman I ask to be my wife, it eoucerpi me little at to what other people may tHink. Proceed, it you please.” 11 Edina Vane,” began Ur Binwoodio, '* was h -m of respectable and weu-to-do paroats. Ur Van* was aot a non man as rienus ar, regarded in these days, bnt na had baen s> c c^.i fa), and had saved enough to wur* on. CJafurtunataly, ha was induced to- invest his ospitai iu au undertaking that appeared u. be in a most floariihing oond tlon, aod which promised a large return. Unforinaato'y, 1 say, b.canie the eoncetn was ono of tees babble affaire that oollapse with the priok of a pin. It imuhed, Ur Vano lost his money, aod hie Ion hastened his end. At his death, Uts Vane was left with an inoome do small that she had to let some of her rooms to gentlemen lodgers. Mrs Vane hai two daagheors—Edina and Janet. With Si'na, one of the lodgers, whose name was Bichara Bivan, fall In love, or professed to have fallen Its love,'for, from what I have b.earo th^ man, I am inciiced to think, that it riza with Edina’s ptoapsets that he w*s 1b Jove lather than irlta hersolf, though she •ras pretty euongfc for any man to fall in love with for hfprtel? alon*. “ Triers you mast know, who pori'.Wa «ncr. e^i«i*.s,hous*nci '-aai 3u£raBj$n equal ji, I beliviwiii wan so •id Bevi» bed eye At any boiisve that he loved feetM^tw lid hud a fuesissting way ■vi;h him, irwaa not d’ifisaJt tn pemade a [jirl o? Eictt^ac of the gsattinoECiK el hi* davolian, Ibis Bevan g»vo it cur that he was la tas coiaxalisloE baiinsss, and as he was always well dressed and seemod in easy ctroumstancer, Mrs Vane thought that her daughter eotld not do batter than acospt him. “They were murled, and for a time matters want well. In n while, however, Edina made the painful discovery that she had united herself to a scoundrel. His treatment was abominable, and will not beer talking about. To make matters worse, they had not been married six months when diehard Bsvan was arrested for forgery, and it transpired that it was his second offi&oe; of the kind, ant that Edina’s hnsbauwas an ex-convict.” “ Good Heavens I Peor child 1 Wall “ The charge was proved against him, and Bichard Bevau waa sentenced to another and * longer term of imprisonment. At Port land, he attempted to make his escape, and was shot dsad by a wardsr. Poor Edina tried' to live down the disgrace, and, when her mother died—Edina having returned to her mother’s house—ste obtained a situation; bat the disgrace followed har, and see was driven from one situation to another on that account, unvil she saw my advertisement in a London newspaper for a schoolmistress, and applied to me for the p et. I have Meadunthe district in the Bomh from where Edina Coins*, and baving learnt her history, and had a personal interview with her, I e*» gi.gad her. Her paiafnl story has not fol lowed her down here, and it would never hwe pasted my tips had you not demanded it at Mdtna’s request.” “And the eister P” “ Janet ia in a situation in the Sonth, and ia as good and true a woman as Edina is.” “ Then I know the worst, which is, that Edina is, or was, the wife of a convict.” “ Precisely." “ Wtaioh is her misfortune, list her fault, Dinwoodie,” *• Her misfortune, certainly.’’ Philip Hawthorne roee from his seat, *od stretching himself to his full height, said: “ i shall marry her, Dinwoodie; and lei any man whisper a word against her when cue is my wife, if he dare. Thank yon for selling me her story.” Had he consulted his own feelings, Philip would have tried to have seen Edina again chat night, but it was getting late, so he •ieeided to postpone the pleasure until the following evening, after he had returned from a journey he had to make to a neigh bouring town on business oonneoted with i estate Lt had been an eventful day for Edins, the morning she had received a ter from her sister, informing her of 3 death of their aunt, and in doh Janet aaxed Edina to meat her a lawyer’s in London on an early day gs through cm tarn formalities respectiag i money she/ had inherited. Then ha* as gn mat of marriage from the richest p in the distriot, the man she had learnt love. In her pnttily-amnged room, lua felt very happy that night, though c heart beat more rapld’y at times, when i wondered what the effect of hearing her tv would be on Philip. Edina bsltsved it to would bi true to her, bnt then was ) uncertainty, and itproduced a res ties* which prevents^ her giving her mind h*r lo work or reading. After dark, when the stars were peeping t and the young moon yru *i*i*g behind ) piantatios, Edina stole out into the gar a to enloy Urn sweat, cool air that had the heat of the day. She sunn ed down to the hedge, and had no looser ae so than th« figure of n man rose from bind it and confronted her, At first she thought that lt was her lover to had thus taken her by surprise; the xt moment, however, she was thrown into Hate of nervous dread, aad her faoe had ne deathly white. 11 Ton 1" she exclaimed, as, dark though it h, she mw, looking Intently at her, the w whom Philip Hawthorne had se*a aa or or two before standing at the door ol e village in “ Don’t bs alarmed,” said the men. ” I’m iih and blood. I’m no ghost, I assart you, id I dsn’t want to compromise yon* Min •cmphaslaiBg her maiden name—" w I might have paid yos aa earlier visit, aai have aoight you in icheol, or at the lroat I door of yosr snug little hnse.” “ Ton I” aha replied, tho terrible look of faar (till ia htr whita fast. “Ton thought yon ware nioely rid of me, didn’t yon?” aaid Blehard Bsvan, with a ehnokle. - Then, speaking rapidly, ia a low voies, he continued:—“I «t»>pod after, all yon see. It was another man who was shot. Hot the first time they hare made a mistake of that kind at that shop. Well, I got away, and was in hid ing amongst my pals for a time. It was no use troubling you, for I knew yen had little enough to live on, so I managed to get abroad, where I've been till lately.*' “And now, BiehardP" asked Edina, tremulously: “ I want to go abroad—far enough off— for good. 1 have e ome to you for the money. Of course, I know you have only to send for a policeman, and yon can get rid of me on very easy terms. But-" “Ton know that I would not do that, badly as yon treated me.” "I don't think you would. Well, your aunt is dead; give me half of your four thousand pounds, and I swear that you will have seen the but of rue. I shall go to Australia.” Edina had reason to hold this man in abhorrence. : He had rained her life, and now, just when happiness seemed to be within her reach, her wicked husband had risen up before her as though from the dead. Bnt in the few moments she took to think how she should reply to his request, Edina thought not of herself; her thoughts were for the man who, evil-minded as he was, or had been, was still her husband— the man who was in peril. ■* Ton shall have the money,” she said. “ Get busk to your hiding-place in London with all speed, end let me know where > can meet you there the day after to morrow.” He wrote an address on a slip of paper he tore from his pocket-book, and aa he ^ave it he said t *’ Ton are an angel, Edina. I wish to God that I had been worthy of yon Bnt it is too late nowj yon will be happier without me. I will keep my promise. We shall meet in town for the last time.” Then, seising her hand, he put it to hie hpa, and running down the sloping ground disappeared in the plantation. An hour passed, a> d Edina still stood by the hedge, the moon shining down upon her lustrous hair and the sweet faoe, out of whioh the s ft oo.ouring had been driven in a At last she turned towards the house, as with a sob she said: “ I must never see him again; never again.” . bhe was thinking of the man of whom it was almost a sin to think now. 