AST ADYEN'ir'iritiR V,. « SHOWS’. wrs'ar. A Whon I was a lad of seventeen, I was offico boy for Piukertpn’s, Philadelphia, and was just wild, of course, to bo sent out on a case. Kvary time tho captain got a new job I,would slido up to him alid say : “ Cap’n, you'd bettor lot 'inis' go put on that,” and ha would answer with a quizzical grin, Not this time, Harry. Wait till tho next «a«.” Along in December of that year there was a great rush..of business at our office. We had fifeen detectives,.all old .-.experi enced hands, and they were on the jump night and day7. We could not handle the buisness that was coming in, and the cap tain calling out in fun from his private office, *• I guess we’ll have to let you take tho next case, Harry.” Hardly had lie. -said tho words when tho door opened . and a raw old countryman entered, .lie proved to be doe Baylis a Montgomery county justice 'of the peace, and ho wanted tho captain to. send a man down with him to attend to a ghost who was cutting didos at Fort Wasington. a3 soon as he had one at his deposal. Tho old fellow left and I jumped to my feet. “ Captain,” I said, “ send mo on tho The captain leaned back in the chair and looked at me hard. “ Seo here, Harry,” be said, “ suppose I were to send yon, what would you do ?" I outlined a very elaborato campaign. against the ghost. Ho let me finish ami then said, “ You’d mako a confounded ass of yourself, now, would'nt you '? You’d mako us the laughing stock of tho town, Now listen. In tho first place, always bear in mind there is no such thing as a ghost. Ill send you to Fort Washington go there with that ’idea in your head. There is no such thing as a ghost.,, If you seo tiie ghost and. get near enough, jump for it. It will turn out to b j a' human being—no doubt of that. - Now- I'll let you go and try your hand. If you see tho ghost and think you can handle it, lie low and follow it and seo who it is.” ■' Tho captain gave mo money ami away I went. I felt pretty bravq, for it was broad daylight, then, but thorp wore times when I wished myself well out. of ..the thing. I got to Fort 'Washington about tlireo o’clock and enquired the way to tho haunted house from tho station agent. I found it on a hill about half a mile from the town, and looked it oyer with' interest and apprehension. It was an old white frame mansion standing in l’arkdiko grounds with plenty of outhouses about it. Some countrymen whom I met, told me that the ghost was in the habit of standing on top of the broad stone wail rhat skirted tho roadway. : There was an outhousa so situated that; any emo concealed in it could overlook tho whole stretch of wall from end to end and I made up my mind that this was the place for me to got into before the ghost made; its appearance. Then I went back to the hotel, took my supper and chatted with tho; waiters and a few loungers about tire ghost.: I learned that it first appeared about, three weeks before my arrival. A man named .\\!‘Tanish, an ignorant farm hand, was the first person to en counter it. He was .'coming to.the town one night from.Hie grist-mill with a sack of meal on his back,: and. paused . for a moment in front of tho old house to set tho bag down on a stump and rest his shoulder. IIo heard a voice behind him, and turning round saw standing on the wall a figure lie afterwards said was fifteen feet high at least. :Ho did not stop to observe the figure vory carefully, but ran as hard as ho knew how down the road. Next night a party of men saw the ghost and they also ran. They , said the ghost made after them breathing lire and brimstone and acting in a peculiarly weird and unholy manner. After that tho bouse was avoided at night, but sevoral strong pa; ties of man including tho select men of tho town, .saw , tho ghost from a impactful distance. It approached them ; in elicit case, and and in ..each Case ...they-, tooh to their heels. About dusk I stole.down to the deserted house,.and it was dark when I got there. I slid along the wall to the outhouse, crept cautiously in and shut the door Hardly had I shut ilia door . when I. .kne w that there was some other person in that outhouse. I folt sure there was somebody close to luy elbow. I was trembling like a leaf,- .but I managed to ; pull a match from my pocket and strike it. I holtl it up. It! showed mo a big white muffled figure not ■ two feet. away. Then the match went out. Was T scared ? 1 Well, now, I should say so. There aro some people who laugh at the idea of a man’s.hair standing oil ond. They say. it is a physical! impossibility; but I know better. I could feelm.y hair. rise right up and lift my hat, ami my llesh crept. But : I had to jump. X .shut; my eyos1 and grabbed for the ghost. .. .I was so frightened I seemed to lose consciousness for a moment, but grabbed sstiieihing and held on. When the first shock passed I felt the ghost tugging- and pulling to got E52K 'ZSTJZS: j’i “ Don’t hurt me,” it said,in a terrified j I had no voice to reply with. T was choking, blit I pulled my captive out on tho lawn and looked at it in the moon light. Tho sheet that had been muffled about the figure, fell to the ground—u pretty girl of lb was disclosed.■ I was in a ..cold perspiration and. shaking as if recovering from.a shock of electricity, but who'n I saw that I had caught a real genuine flesh and blood girl, and no ghost 1 I began to feel better and presently was able to talk, ^ “ Who.are you ?" I asked. J ■ “ Jennie Baylis.” ’ ; .“ What! the daughter of Joe Baylis.?". I “ Yes, sir,”.." • ;. j “ What are you doing this, for'?" j . The girl began to cry. . She said sho. had not meant any harm. She and" her sister had played ghost just- to have soma. fun. Her sister was usually with her, -hut.■; :did not come this nigh£■:, as/ she \ was: too j busy.:: She had heard . from her: father,j that.a detective was coming to catch the -j ghost but thought ho was not duo for a day or two. ami resolved t.> make one last. appearance and then give up die perfor- j manee till things calmed down. . ‘•Who are you ?" sho asked. . . ! ‘‘I’m the detective,” I said. . She looked mo over in. evident awe and consternation, tinged with some, surprise : on account of my ago.. II What-M'e -.Voil going to do with mo ?” •‘ I shall have to expose you?” The girl cried again and begged to he , released and allowed to go home, but that did not suit ino at all. T said she was my prisoner and as each I .must." deliver her Up to tile, authorities, and, aftar a good deal of waiting she suggested that I had better'give her up to tier own fiither. I. ; agreed to that, and picking up tho sheet, her father's house, noout a mica distant. ' “ Don’t you know you might .have, been .killed by some of those people you fright ened 1' I asked. \ “ Xo, sir, I; never: thought ol tuat. Everybody who saw me rah away." ■' When we got lo the Iarm-hou.se where Jennie jived it was half-past nine o'clock. Everybody was in boil ami the lights were /41 out, but I 'boldly knocked at the .door, A/ window opened and ; a: man's /.votes ‘•Who's there ?” , “ Mo." . “Who's mo 1" . “ The' detectiyo.” :. ; “ You’re rather late. Why did you nrf wait till to-morrow I Better come round and see me in the morning ” . /, . “ I want to see you now. I have the At this the window was closed with a b&ug;, and 1 heard hurried steps on the The door opened ami old liavlis stood in the doorwa}-. lie was draped in a very long old-fashioned white gown and wore a tall steeple-shapurl night- cap.:/one hand help up a tin eaiwilestick and the other shaded the light. A circle of beard sweep ing under his chin from ear to ear made him loo's very cotnuiU. He looked, at me in Ustotiishmeut and when he saw his daughter and the sheet I thought lie was going into convulsions. j ../ “You,: Jennie J" i.e asked at length, “Yea, father," sdU Jennie very humbly. Old liaylia sighed artifioaid " Come in." He sent for the neighbours immediately. ; I don’t know wdiut w&r;'suid at theirmeet ing;.for I waanot admitted, to /.hilt did Baylis gave me n letter to tin: captain and packed the off oh the midnight’train. Next morning . I reached tlie odice eiuly .and 1 found all the men present,Waiting for the j captain to detail tiienv/ The men grinned at me and passed the time of day plea santly enough. .-■■! They all knew where I had been and anticipated a wonderl'ul.tale of disaster and defeat, which they’-were, ready"to laugh at, although I was a favourite with them, having done many a piece of extra . .work . for every man, there,:: “ I thougiit I sent yau to Foi t Washing ; ton, Harry?" said the captain. “ Made an ass of yourself, I suppose ?" “ There’s a letter, sir.” I;/ , While the captain ■ read the letter the men guyed mo. . ■ “ This is:a very, nice: letter, I tarry,” .said, tlie captain. “Boys, thu youngster ..cap timed the ghost;”, “Did he l" said the men, A' ./“Yes,, sir, he did. The hoy is a credit , to us,” and then the captain read the letter of the selectmen out loud. At every sentence I grew, a foot. “ Well, how did you do it 1" several inquired. 1 told tlie story, and you may bo sure I did not refrain from giving myself plenty of credit. My tale was very j. highly coloured. When it was con cluded, Long Jim LangJoti drawled out: “ Harry, tell tlie hono.st truth. Was you frightened when that match went j “No, of course not!’’ said I. But T i was frightened two years .later, when .1 asked the ghost to marry me, and 1 I thought .she was going to say no. How ever, she didn’t.—“ Texas Siftings.” 