THE NORTHERNERS' ASSOCIATION. The Northerners have had another meeting about nothing and have dis cussed the subject at length. The first annual meeting of the Associa tion certainly brought a good muster together of our genial bush brethren, and afforded them an opportunity of meeting and greeting each other. Bat aft to business, we repeat they ' did nothing in particular, and did it very well,' as an English humorous writer has said of the House of Lords. The Chairman was fain to admit that the, business of the year had been, slight and unimportant, and hinted that members had not as yet made tip their minds as tQ the objects of the Association. He almossb.pleaded with the members to bring forward some? thing for discussion, but it appeared as if everyone .present found it im possible to manufacture even the ghost of a grievance, .and it is in fact quite clear that the North, like the discontented king in ' Princess Ida,'* has nothing wheitever to gramble at. Possibly they almost feel in his mood when he sings r-^ « Oh don't thedays seem lank and long ? Wh* nail goes right and nothing goes wrong? And isn't yottr life ektremely flat ; ' :?' With nothing whatever to grumble at.' A Mr. Smalipage cerfcaihly fha-| eotoe fault to find with the Association it self, and that was that there was too strong a S uthera element in it, and we are glad to notice that others agreed with him upon the point. It is preposterous to include Geraldton and Dongarra, and even the Murclu son in the North, and when Mr. G. T. Simpson rose to speak as a Northern representative we may be sure that, metaphorically speaking, he had the tongue of contempt in the cheek of scorn. Mr. Simpson was, however, frank enough and bold enough to tell the members that the Association had not as yet done much, and that although members were anxious to co-operate, they did not know what to do. No one combated this view, and therefore we Lave it virtually admitted by the Association that it has no raison d' etre — no justi fication in its existence. The fact is the Association is about as r'dicu lous and useless an institution as could be thought of in the circum stances, and its object, if it has any at all, appears to be to obtain a preponderance of voting power for the North over the South in Parlia ment. This members may feel pretty sui*e they will never get ; but rather than allow this the South, including Champion Bay and the Murchison, would secure the separation from the North, which the latter has so much reason to fear. A free, progressive and liberal community^ would never consent to be1 out-voted b£;ii ring of scatters, their underlings maA crea tures. 