THAT HOVSB IN BLOOMS BURT, BT MRS. OLIPHANT. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. — COPYRIGHT. Chapter XX. There wai nothing more .aid to Mr. Manner- ing on the aubjeet of Mr. Templar's minion, neither did he himaelf lay anything, either to auction or prevent his ohild from carrying out the atrange deaira of her mother— her mother ! Dora did not accept the thonght. Sho made a atruggla within herself to keop up the fiction that it was not her mother's sistar — a relation, something near, yet ever inferior to tho vision of a benignant, melanoholy being, unknown, which a dead mother so often is to an imagina tive girl. It pleased her to find, ns alio said to herssif, "no likeness" to the suffering and hysterical woman she had aeen in that calm, pensive portrait, which she instantly scoured and took possession of — the little picture which had Iain so long buried with its face downward in the socret drawer. She gazed at it for an hour to gether, end found nothing — nothing, she de clared to herself with indignant eatisfaotion, to remind her of tho other face — flashed, weeping, middle aged— which had eo implored her affection. Had it been her mother, was it possible that it should have required an effort to give that ailection ? No ! Dora at 16 believed very fully in the voice of nature. It would have been impossible, her heart at once would have spoken, Bhe would have known by some infallible instinct. She pat the picture up in anrl Jiow |tae TVltH luxury, the melancholy, the indues and plea sure of this possession— her mother's portrait, mora touehing to tho imagination than any other image could bo. But then there began to steal a little shadow ovsr Dora's thoughts. She would not give up her determined re sistance to the idea that this face and the other face, living and dying, which Bhe had Been, were one ; bnt when ahe raised her eyes suddenly to her mother's picture a consciousness would steal over her, an involuntary glance of recognition. What more likely than that thera should be a rssemblance, faint and far away, between sister and sister? And than there came to be a gleam of reproach to Dora in those oyos, and then the girl began to feol as if there was an irreverence, a want of fooling, in turning that long reoluse and covered face to tiie light of day, nnd carry ing on all the affairs of life under it, as if it were a common thing. Finally, alio arranged over it a little piece of drapery, a morsel of faded embroidered silk which was among her treasures, soft and faint in its aoiors — a vsil which she could draw in her momenta of think ing and quiet, those moments which it would not be irreverent any longer to call a dead mother or an angelio presence to hallow and to shiie. But (he said nothing when eho was called to Mies Bethune's room, and olad in mourning, re cognising with a thrill, half of horror, half of "pride, tho crape upon her dress wbioh proved her right to that new exaltation among human creatures— that position of a mourner which- is in its way » step in life. Dora did not ask where elit was going when eho followed Miss Bothune, also in blaek from head to foot, to tho plain little brougham which had been ordered to do fit and eolemn honor to the occasion ; tho great white wreath and basket of flowers, which filled up the space, oalled no observation from her. They drove in silence to the great cemetery, with all its gay flowers and elaborate aspect of cheerfulness, It was a fine but cloudy day, warm and soft, yet without sunshine; aud Dora had a curious sense of importance, of meaning, as if Bhe had attained an advanced stage of being. Already an experience had fallen to her share, moro than one ex perience. She had knelt, troubled and awe- stricken, by a deathbed ; she was now going to etand by a grave. Even where real eorrow exists this carious sorrowful elation of senti ment is apt to come into the mind of the very young. Dora was deeply impressed by the circumstances and tho position, but it was im possible that she could feel any real griof. Tears came to her eyes as she dropped the shower of flowers, white and lovely, into tho darkness of that last abode. Her face was full of awe and pity, but her breast of that vague, inexplaiuuhle expansion and growth, as of a creature entered into tho larger developments and knowledge of life. There were very few other mourners. Mr. Templar, the lawyer, witli his keen but veiled observation "of everything, serious- and business like; tho doctor, with professional gravity and indifference; Miss Bothune, with almost stern seriousnoss, stand ing like a atatuo in her blaok dreia aud with her paio face. "Why should any of these spectators oare ? The woman was far tho most moved, thinking of tho likeness and difference of -her own fate, of tho failure of that life which was now over, and of her own, a deeper failure still, with out any fault of hers. And Dora, wondering, developing, her eyes full of abstract tears, and her mind of awe. Only one mourner Btood pale with watoliing and thought beside the open grave, his heart aching with loneliness and a profound natural vacancy and pain. He knew that she bad neglected him, almost wronged him at the last, cut him off, taking no thought wiiat was to become of him. He felt even that in bo doing this woman was unfaithful to liar trust, and lmd done what she ought not to have done." But all that mattered nothing in faco of natural sorrow, natural love. She had baen a mother to him, and she was gone. The ear always open to his boyieh talk and confidence, always ready to listen, could hoar him no more ; anil, always moro poignant, his care of her was over, there was'notliing more to do for her, none of the hundred commissions that used to send him flying, the hundred things that had to be dons. His oooupation in life seemed to be over, lii home, his natural piece. It had not perhaps ever besn a natural plaoe, but he had not fslt that. She had been his mother, though no drop of her blood ran in his veins ; and now be waa nobody's son, belonging to no family. The other people round looked like ghosts to Harry Gordon. They were part of the strango cutting off, the severance he already felt ; none of them had anything to do with her, aud yet it was he who was pushed out nnd put asido as if he had nothing to do with her, the only mother lie had ever known ! The little sharp old lawyer was her representative now, not he who had been her son. He stood languid, in a moment of utter depression, col lapse of loul and body, by the grave. AVhcnall was oyer, and the solomn voice which sounds aa no other voice ever does, falling calm through tho still air, bidding earth return to earth, and dust to dust, had ceased, he still stood aa if unable to comprehend that all wai over — no on to hid him come away, no other place ,to go to, not thinking of moving. His brain was not relieved by tears, or his mind set in activity by anything to do. Ha stood there half stupefied, left behind in that condition where simply to remain aa we ara stems the only thing possible to us. Miss BetUuno had plaoed Dora in the little brougham, in vigorous fulfilment of htr duty to the child. Mr. Templar and the doctor had both departed, the two other women, Mrs. Bris- towe's maid and the nurse who had accompanied her, had driven away, and still the young man stood, not plying any attentiou. Miss Bethune waited for a little by the carriage door. She did not answer the appeal of the coaehman, asking if lie was to drive away ; she said nothing to Dora, whose eyes en deavored in vain to read the changes in hor friend's face; but, after standing there for a few minutes quite sileut, suddenly turned and went back to tho cemetery. It was strange to her to hesitate ' in anything he did, and from the moment she left the carriage door all uncertainty was over. She went baok with a quick step, treading her way among the graves, and put bar hand upon young Gordon's arm. "You ara coming home with me," she said. The new, keen voice, irregular and full of life, so unlike the measured tones to which he had been listening, struok the young man uneasily in the midst of his melancholy reverie, which was half trance, half oxhaustion. Ho inoved a step away, as if to shako off tho interruption, scarcely consoious what, and' not At all who it was. " My dear young man, you must eome home With me," she said again. Ho looked at her, with consciousness re- awakening, and attempted to smile, with his natural ready response to every kindness. "It is you," he said ; and then, " I might have known it could only bo you." "What did that mean? Nothing at all. Merely his sense that the one person who had spoken kindly to him, looked tenderly at him (though ho had never known why, and had besn both amused and embarrassed by consciousness), was the most likely among all tho strangers by whom ho was surrounded to be kind to him now. But it produced an effect upon Miss Bethune which was far beyond any meaning it bore. A great light seemed suddenly to blaze over her face, her eyes which had been so veiled and stern awoke, every line of a face which could ha harsh and almost rigid in repose began to melt aud soften, her composure, which had been almost solemn, failed, her lip bsgan to quiver, tears cams dropping upon his arm, which she suddenly clasped with both har hands, dinging to it. "You say right," she cried, " my dear, my dear !— more right than all the reasons. It is you and nature that makes everything dear. You are just coming home with me." " I don't seem," be said, " to know what tho word means. " " But you will soon learn again. God blsss the good woman that cherished you and lovod you, my honnie boy. I'll no' say a word against her — oil, no, no ! God's blesBing upon her where sho lies there. I will never grudge a good word you say of her, never a regret. But now " — sho put her arm within his with a proud and tender movement, which so far penetrated his languor as to revive tho bewilderment which he had felt before — "now you are coming homo with ir.s." He did not resist ; he allowed himself to be led to the little oarriago and packed into it, whioh was not quite an easy thing to do. On another occasion be would hava laughed and protested, but on this he submitted gravely to whatever was required of him, thankful, in the failure of all motive, to have some one to tell him what to do, to movo liim as if he were an automaton. He sat bundled up on the little front seat, with Dora's wondering countenance opposite to him, and that other inexplicable face inspirod and lightened up with tenderness. He had not strength enough to inquire why this stranger took possession of him so, neither could Dora tell, who sat opposito to him, her mind awakened, her thoughts busy. This was the almost son of the woman who thoy said was Dora's motiier. What was he to Dora ? Was ho the nearer to her, or the further from her, for that relationship? Did she like him better or worse for having done everything that it ought, they said, to have besn her part to do ? These questions wcro all confused in Dora's mind, hut they were not favorable to this new interloper into her life — ho who had known about her for years while she had novar heard of him. She sat very upright, reluctant to mako room for him, yet scrupulously doing so, and a little indignant that he should thus be brought in to interforo with her own claims to the first place. The drive to Bloomsbury Btemed very long iu these ciroumstanoes, and it was a long drive. They all came hack into tha streets after the long suburban road with a sense almost of relief in the growing noise, tho rattle of the causeway, and sound of the carts and carriages, which made it unnecessary, as it had been impossible for them, to say anything to each other, and brought back tho affairs ot common life to dispel the influence of so different n kind whioh filled the brain and imagination, if only in one case the heart, of the solomn little party. Whan they had rcaohed Mies Bethune's rooms and returned altogether to existenco and tho sight of a table spread for a meal, it was a shock, but not an ungrateful one. Miss Bethune for once threw off the gravity which had wrapped her like a cloak, when she put away her black bonnet. Sho bade Gilchrist hurry to havo the luncheon brought up. "These two young oieatures have eaten nothing, I am sure, this day. Probably thoy think thoy can not, but when food is set before them they wilt learn better. Haste ye, Gilchrist, to have it served up. No, Dora, you will stay with mo too. Your father is a troubled man this day. Ye will not go in upon him with that cloud about ye, not till yo are refreshed and rested, and have got your color and your natural look back. And you, my honnie man !" Sho oould not refrain from touohing,'oarossing his shoulder as she passed him ; hor eyes kept filling with tears as she looked at him. He for his part moved and took his place as the told him, still in a dream. It was a curious meal, more daintily preparsd and delicate than usual, and Miss Bethune was a woman who at all timos was "very par ticular," and exercised all the gifts of the land lady, whose other lodgers demanded much less of her. But tho mistrsss of the little feast was not as usual. Sho scarcely sat down at her own table, | but ssrved ber young guests with anxious care, j carving choice morsels for them, watching their faces, their little movemonts of impatiance, and the gradual development of natural appotite, whioh came aB the previous spell gradually wore off. She talked all the time, iter countenance a littlo flushed and full of emotion, her eyes moist and shining, with frequent Bailies at Gil christ, who hovered round the table waiting upon the young guests, and in her excitement making continual mistakes and stumblings, which soon roused Dora to laugh, and Harry to apologise. " It is all right," he cried when Miss Bethuno at last made a dart at her attendant, and gave her what i3 oalled in feminine language "a shake" to bring her to herself. "Are you out oh your wits, woman," Miss Bethune exclaimed. " Go away, and leave me to look after the bairns, if ye cannot keep your head. Are ye out of your wits ?" " Indeed, mum, and I have plenty of nason." Gilchrist said, .weeping and foaling for her apron, while tho dish in her hand wavered wildly ; and then it was that Harry Gordon, coming to him self, cried that it was all right. " And I am going to have some of that," he added, steadying the kind creature, whoso in stinct of service had moro effect than cither onconragement or reproof. And this little touoh of reality settled him too. He began to respond a littlo, to ruu.o himself, even to see the humor of the situation, at which Dora had begun to laugh, hut which brought a soft moisture, in which wcro case and consolation, to his ayes. It was not until about nn hour later that Miss Bethune was left alone with tho young man. He had begtm at this stage to apeak about himself, " I am not so discouraged ns you think," he said, " I don't seem to be afraid. After all, it doesn't matter much, does it, what happens to a young fellow ail alone in the world? It's only me, anyhow. I have no wife," he said, with a faint laugh. " no sistar to be involved — nothing but my own rather useless person, a thing of no account. It wasn't that that knocked ma down. It was just tho feeling of the end of everything, and that she wns laid tliore tiiat had bean so good to me— sogood — and nothing ever to be dona for her any moro." ? " I can forgive you that," said Miss Bethune, with a sort of sob, iu hsr throat. " And yet she wns ill to you, unjust at tho last." " No, not that. I have had everything, too much for a mau capable of earning his living to take, but then it seemed all so natural, it was ths common course of life. I was scarcely waking up to see that it could not be." " And a cruel rousing you liavo had at last, my poor boy." " No," he said steadily, "I will naver allow it was cruel ; it has beeu sharp and cffsotual. It couldn't help being effectual, could it ? eince I have no alternative. The pity ie I am good for so little. No education to speak of." " You ehall havo education— ae much as you can set your face to." Ho looked up at her with % little air of sur prise, and shook his head. "No," he mid, " not now. I am too old. I muit lose no mora time. The thing is, that my work will be worth bo much less, beiug guided by no skill. Skill is a beautiful thing. I envy the very scavengers." he said (who were working underneath the win dow), "for piling, up their mud like that straight. I should never get it straight." Tbo poor young fellow was so near tears that he was glad from time to time to have a chance of a feeble laugh, which relieved him. "And that is humble enough ! I think much the best thing for mo will be to go baok to South America. There are people who know me who would give mo a littlo placa whero I oould loarn. Bookkeoping can't ba such o tromondous mystery. There's an old clerk or two of my guardian's"— hero he paused to swallow down tho olimbing sorrow — " who would give me a hint or two. And if tho pay was very small at first, why, I'm not an extravagant fellow." " Ara you aura of that ?" hie confidant aid. Ho looked at hor again, eurprised, then glanced at himeelf and his dross, whioh was not economical, and raddened and laughed again. " I am afraid yon ara right," ho said. " I haven't known much what economy was. I have lived like tho other psopto ; hut I am not too old to Itsrn, and I should not mind in tho least what I looked like, or how I lived, for a time. Thinga would get better after a time." They were standing together near the window, for he had begun to roam about the room as he talked, and sho had risen from hor chair with one of the eudden movements ot excitement. " There will bo no need," oho said — " there will be no need. Something will be found for yon at home." He ahook his head. You forget it is scarcely home to me. And what could I do hero that would be worth paying me for ? I must no more be dependent upon kindnes. Ob, don't think I do not feel kindness. What should I have done this miserable day but for you, who have been so good to mo as good as— as a mother, though I had noolaim." Sho gave a great ory, and seized him by both his hand. " Oil, lad, if you knew what you wore saying ! That word to int, that have died for it, and have no olaim ! Gilchrist, Gil christ !" she cried, suddenly dropping his hands have pity upon me ? For if this is not him, all nature and God's against me. Gome hare before I apeak or die !" Chapter XXI. It was young. Gordon himself, alarmed, but not exoited as by any idea of a new discovery which could affect his fate, who brought Miss Bethune back to herself, far better than Gil christ could do, who had no art but to weop and entreat, and then yield to her mistress what ever sho might wish. A quclque chore malhcur est bort. He had been in the habit of toothing and calming down an excitable, sometimes hysterical woman, .whoso aeees da nerft meant nothing or were, at least, supposed to mean nothing except nerves, and the ups and downs which are oha- racteristia of them. He was roused by the not dissimilar outburst of feeling or passion, wholly Incomprehensible to him from any other point of view, to whioh his new friend had given way. He took it very quietly, with the composure of use ond wont. Tho sight of her emotion and excitement brought him -quite baok to himself. He could imagine no reason whatever for it, oxcept the sympathetic effect of all tho troublous oiroumstances in which she had bsen, without any real reason, involved. It was her sympathy, her kindness for himself and for Dora, he had not tho least doubt, whioh, by bringing her into those acenaa of pain and trouble, and associating her so completely with the complicated and intricate story, had brought ou this "attack." What he bad known to be characteristic of the one woman with whom he had been in familiar intercourse for eo long a period of his life seemed to Harry oharacteristio of all women. He was quite equal to tha occasion. Dr. Roland himself, who would have been so full of professional curiosity, so anxious to make out what it was all about, as perhaps to lessen his promptitude in notion, would sonrcoly have besn of so muoh real usa as Harry, who had arricrc pettier, but addressed himself to the im mediate emergency with all his might. He soothed the sufferer, so that she was soon re lieved by copious floods of tears, which ssomed to him the natural method of getting rid of all that emotion and excitement, but which sur prised Gilchrist beyond description, and even Miss Bethune herself, whose complete break down was so unusual and uuliko her. Ho left hor quite at case in his mind as to her condition, having persuaded her to lit down, and recommended Gilchrist to darken the room and keep her mistress in perfeot quiet. " I will go and look after my things," ho said, "and I'll come back when I havo made all my arrangements, and tell yon everything. Ob, don't speak now ! You will be all right in the evening if you keep quite quiet now, and if you will give mo your advice then, it will be very, very grateful to me. He made a littlo warning gesture, keeping her from replying, and then kissed her hand and went away. He had himaelf pulled down the blind to aubduo a little the garish July daylight, aud placed har on a sofa in the corner — ministra tions which both mistress and maid permitted with bewilderment, so strange to them was at once tha care and the authority of suoh proceed ings. They remained, Miss Bathune on the sofa, Gilchrist, open mouthed, itaring at her, uutil the door was heard to close upon the young man. Then Miss Bethune rose slowly, with a kind of awo in her face. "As soon as you think he is out of sight," ahe said, "Gilchrist we'll havo up the blinds again, but not vecsibly, to go against tbo boy." " Eh, mem," eried Gilchrist, between laugh ing and crying, "to bid me darken the room, and you that canna abide the dark, night or day 1" "It was a sweat thought, Gilchrist— all the pure goodness of him, and tho kind heart." " I am not saying, mem, but what the young gentleman haa a very kind heart." "You are not saying?" And what can you know beyond what's vessable to every person that sees him ? It is more than that. Gil christ, you and all the rest, what do I care what you say ? If that is not the voice of na ture what is there to trust to in this whole world ? Why should that young lad, bred up so different, knowing nothing of me or my ways, have taken to me ? Look at Dora. What a dif ference ! She haa no instinct, nothing drawing her to her poor mothor. That waa a most mis- fortunate woman, but not an ill woman, Gil- ohrist. Look how she lias done by mine ! But Dora has no leaning towards her, no tender thought ; whereas lie, my bonni boy— " " Mem," said Gilchrist, " but if it was the voice of natitro, it would be doubly strong iu Miss Dora ; for thero i> no doubt that it was her mother, and with this, oh, my bonnic leddie, you kea yoursel'." Miss Bethuno gave her faithful servant a look of flame, and, going to the windows, drew up energetically the blinds, making the spring resound. Then she said in her most Batirioal tone, " And what is it I ken myeel' ?" " Ob, mem," said Cilchriit, " there's a' tho evidence, first his ain story, and then the leddy's, that conviuced yo for a moment ; and then, what is most of a', the old gentleman, the writer, one of tliom that kens everything — of the father that died ao many long yeara ago, aud the baby bofor him." Miss Bethune put up her hands to her ears, she stamped her foot upon the ground. " How daro ye — how dare ye?" ahe cried. "Either mau or woman that repeats that fool story to me is no friend of mine. My child, that I've felt in my heart growing up, and seen him boy and man ! What's that old man's word — a stranger that knows nothing, that had even forgotten what he was put up to say — in comparison with what'a in my heart? Is there such a thing as nature or no? Is a mother just like any other person, no better, rather worse ? Oh, woman !— you that are a woman ! and 110 call to be rigid with your evidence like a man — what'e your evidence to me? I will just tell him when he comes baok. ' My bonnie man,' I will say, ' you have been driven here and there in this world, and them liked best have failed you ; but here is the place whero you belong, and here is a love that will novor fail.' " "Oh, my dear laddy, my own mistress," oried Gilchrist, "think — think before you do that 1 He will ask ye for the evidence, if I am not to ask fur it. He's a fine, independent spirited yoang gentlemen, and he will just shake his head, and say he'll lippen to nobody again. Oh, dinna deceive the young man 1 Ye might find out after—" "What, Gilohrist? Do you think I would change my mind about my own eon, and aban don him, like this woman, at the last." "I never knew ye forsake one that trusted in ye, I'm not laying that ; but theia might come one after all that had a better olaim. There might appear one that even tha like of me would believe in— that would have real evidence in his favor, that was no mora to be doubted than if he had never been taken away out of your arms." Miss Bethune turned round quick ae light ning upon hor maid, her eyes shining, her fece full of sudden color end light. "God bless you, Gilohrist !" she cried, seizing the maid by hsr shouidsrs with a half embrace. "I see now you have nevar believed in that atory no more than me." Poor Gilchrist could but gape with her mouth open at this unlooked for turning of the tables. She had presented, without knowing it, the strongest argument of all. After this the patient, whom poor Harry had left to the happy influence! of quiet and dark ness, with all the blinds drawn up and the after noon sunshine pouring in, went through an hour or two of restless ocaupation, - her mind in the highest activity, her thoughts and her hande full. She promised finally to Gilchrist, not without a mental reservation in tha case of peoial impulse or new light, not to disclose her oonviotion to Harry, but to wait for at least a day or two on events. But even thie resolution did not suffice to reduce her to any condition of quiet, or make the rest which he had presoribsd possible. She turned to a number of things whioh had been laid aside to be done ono time or another, arrangement of new possessions and putting away of old, for previously sbehad never found a fit ocaasion, and despatched them, scarcely allowing Gilchrist to help her, at light ning speed. Finally, ebe took out an old and heavy jewel JJJW Tfliicli MwvCCti "stc ijlil- yesrfl : for, save au old broooh or two and some habitual rings whioh never left htr fingers, Bliss Bethuno wore no ornaments. Sbe took them into her sitting room at the time approached when Harry might be exptctod baok, It would give her a countenance she thought ; it would keep her from fixing her eyes on him while he Bpoke, and thus being assailed through all ths armor of the heart at the same time. Sbe could not look him in the face and see that likeness whioh Gilchrist, unconvince- able, would not see, and yet remain silent. Turniog over the old fashioned jewels, telling him about them, to whom thoy had belonged and all the traditions belonging to them, would help her in that severe task of self- reprossion. She put them on the table before her and pulled out the trays. Nobody in Bloomsbury had seen these treasures before ; the box had been kept carefully locked, disguised in an old brown cover, that no one might even guess how valuable it was. Miss Bethune waa almost tempted to send for Dora to see the dia monds in their old fashioned settings, and that pearl necklace, whioh was still finer in its per- fection of lustre and shape. To cnll Dora when there was anything to show was so natural, and it might make it easier for her to keep her own counsel; but she refieoted that in Dora's pres ence the young man would not be more than half hers, and forbore Never in her life had these jewols given her so much pleasure. They had given her no plea sure, indeed She had not been allowed to have them in that far oil stormy youth, rhich had been lightened by such a sweet, guilty gleam of happiness, and quenched in such minery of downfall. When they came to her by inheritance, like all the rest, these beautiful things had made her heart eick. What oould she do with thera— a woman whose life no longer contained any possible festival, who had nobody coming after hor, no heir to make heir looms sweet ? She had looked the box, and almost thrown away tho key, which, however, was a passionate suggestion repugnant to com mon sense, and resolved itself naturally into oonfiding tho key to Gilchrist, in whose most scoret repositories it had been kept, with an occasional furtive interval, during whioh the maid liad secretly visited and M polished up" the jewels, making sure that they wore all right Neither mistress nor maid were quite aware of their value, and probably exaggerated it in their thoughts ; but some of the diamonds were fiuo, though all were very old fashioned in arrangement and the pearls wero noted. Miss Bethuno pulled out the trays, and the gems flashed and sparkled in a thousand colors in the slant of sunsliiub whioh poured in its last level ray through one window, just before the. sun set, and made a dazzling show upon the table, almost blinding Janie, who came up with a message, and could not restrain a littlo shriek of wonder and admiration. The letter was ono of trouble and appeal from poor Mrs. Hesketh, who and her husband were becoming more and moro a burden on the shoulders of their friends. It asked for money, as usual, just a little money to go on with, as the shop in which they had bsen set up was not as yet producing muoh. The letter had bsen written with evident re luctance, and was marked with blots of tears. Miss Bethune's mind was too muoh excited to consider calmly any such petition. Full herself of anticipation, of passionate hope and visionary enthusiasm, whioh transported her above all common things, how was sho to refuse a poor woman's appeal forth bare necessities of exist ence—a woman 11 near her trouble," with a use less husband, who was unworthy, yet whom the poor soul loved ? Sbe called Gilchrist, who generally carried the putae, to get aomothing for the poor little pair. " Is there anybody waiting ?" she asked 11 Oh, ay, mem," said Gilchrist, "there's somebody waiting — just him himsel, the weird- less creature, that ix good for nothing." Gil christ did not approve of all her mistress's liber alities. " I would not just be their milch cow to give them whatever they're wantiog," she said. " It's awful bad for any parson to just know where to run when they are in any trouble." " Hold your peace," cried her mistress. "Am I one to shut my heart when the bleBsiug of God has coine to mo ?" " Oh, mem !" cried Gilchrist, remonstrating, holding up her hands. But Miss Bethune stamped her foot, and the wiser womau yielded. (To be continued.) 