Jews of tlie/Churches. '; The Presbytery of Monaro, which includes five charges, was appointed to meet at Bega on November 28. The Rev. G. M. Brown baa taken Bel- mont undér hi3 pastoral charge, and will work it in connection with Lambton. An attempt is being made to form a chapter of , the Brotherhood of St. Andrew In tho parish of Paterson. - The Rev. H. Martin, of St. Silas, Water-! loo, is to conduct an eight,days','mission at St. Luke's; Wallsend, early in December. .' \ The Waverley Congregational Church has resolved to invite the Rev. A. J. Grif- fith, B.A., of Croydon, to become its pas- tor. The Rev. C. Bates was inducted by Canon Kingsmill, of Albury, on Novem- ber 20, to the Church of England parish of Germanton. The Rev. T. G. Molyneux, M.A., of Manly, who has returned from England by the Orizaba, occupied the pulpit again on November 26. The scholars' examinations in connection with the Church of England Sunday- school Institute is to be hold this day (December 1) at various centres. The president of the Queensland Wes* leyan Conference, tho Rev. A. J. Webb, has been on a visit to the circuits in the west, as far as Charleville. Colonel Estill, of tho Salvation Army, has arranged for a tour in the northern portion of New South Wales, and left Syd- ney during the past week. ; "The Rev. P. J. Simpson, of Merriwa, recently curate of E. Maitland, has been offered the Precehtorship of St. Andrew's Cathedral, through the Bishop of New-; castle. '. - - . ? It is reported (says the "Record-') that, the Rev. W. G. Hindley is likely to be appointed to the parish of Kew (Vic), va- cant by the appointment of Dr. Vance as Dean of Melbourne. The Rev. P. Donnelly, who arrived re- cently in Sydney from the Irish College, Rome, has been doing temporary duty at St. Mary's Cathedral, in the place of the Rev. Father Phelan. A party of Salvation Army officers, with their families, sailed from Sydney on No- vember 23, in the Talune for New Zea- land, to replace those who came over re- cently with Major Veal. The views of Cardinal Moran on Catho- lic Democracy, Home Rule, Federation, and Revolution have been published in pamphlet form by Messrs. Geo. Robertson and Company, of Sydney. The Piesbytery of Sydney has recom mendea to toe u-enerai Assemuiy io uia pense with the regulation "placing a twp years! term on the employment of licentiates, or, ministers." The re-opening services in conection with the Junee Presbyterian Church were conducted by the Rev. R. H." Waugh, of Neutrar Bay, Sydney; on Sunday week, and were very successful. ; Commissioner Coombs, of. the. Salvation Army, during his -recent visit- to Sydney installed Major Veal as secretary to Colo- nel Estilla andi Major Glover as city divi- sional commanding officer for Sydney.: An orphanage for native girls ; has been completed. Inconnection with the Batavia River Presbyterian Mission, and. is ready for occupation, and it is intended to build another for boys at an early , date. , Disaffection towards the minister of St. Paul's (Pres.), Young, has been .found by the Presbytery to exist, but not such as to warrant action on its part being taken. An appeal has in consequence of this find- ing been made by the disaffected to the General Assembly. . The Bishop of" Newcastle; Dr. Stanton, was announced to preach in St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney, at. 7.30 p.m. on No- vember 30, in connection with the Inter- cession for Missions and self-denial, eííort. The Rev. Thomas Cook is holding a mis- sion during the present and'part of the next week at Newcastle, and itt order to provide accommodation, the Olympic Hall has been engaged by the Wesleyan Church ! authorities. - The Rev* W. G. Maconochie, of Orange, Who is on a visit to Scotland, has, recently been supplying. the pulpit of the U: Pi Church of Kirkcudbright, his native place, Und some are desirous of giving him a call to the vacant-charge. _Tho Rev. W. F; James, of St. Paul's^ Stockton,. Newcastle, met with an accident .on : Sunday week .whilst hauling his mis-: .sion boat put* of/the wàter,;,by which seve-! .raí teeth 'wer*e\knocködvoütV and Iiis 'face; severely -injured. : " ^ 1 . : -- : ~ r '? The Christchurch, Anglican Synod (N.-Z.), ? has altered the titlesof, the great bulk- of its clergy. Henceforth", the title "Vicar" is ; to take, the place bf those of "Incumbent"; and "Curate-ihTcharge" and the assistant clergy will be "Curates." ' ?'" ??? During last week the Cardinal-Arch- bishop of Sydney visited and administered confirmation at Erskineville to about 100 candidates; St. Joseph's, Woollahra, where there were 87 candidates; and the Sacred Heart Convent, at Rose Bay, Sydney. A third archdeaconry of the Diocese of Grafton and Armidale has been formed, to embrace the south and west of the dio- cese, with Tamworth as the centre, and the Rev. W. J. K. Piddington, vicar of Tamworth, is to be raised ,to the dignity \- of 'an archdeacon, the installation cere- mony being celebrated, by the Bishop on St. Thomas's Day. Our Church contemporary (the "Austra- lian Record") says that "Dr. Vaughan, since his appointment to Westminster, has assumed .an attitude of haughty contempt towards the Church of Englandi." Whal seems to have-given special offence Is the assertion that "no prudent man can pos- sibly affirm tho validity of Anglican Or- ders, or (rust his soul to their sacramental offlcaoy." -;- |- . . . . ... , . -.-=3. ALondon cablegram states that Dr. T. Dfl ¡Witt Talmage, who recently visited Aus- tralia,1 has resigned the pastorate of the Brooklyn (New York)^ Tabernacle. i A cablegram from London Btates that Dr. Kennion, late .Bishop of Adelaide, was introduced to the Queen on November 21 by the Bishop, of Rochester, and did homage on his appointment as Bishop of Bath and Wells., The Rev.. Father Gell, the first Bâthurst born priest, was the preacher at the even- ing service of his native city on Sunday, week, and is said to have given evidence of what may be expeetéd - of him - in the ; way of pulpit eloqut/nee and fervour. The recent mission of the Rev. Thomas Cook, the English Wesleyan Evangelist, at Stanmore, resulted In the conversion of 257 persons, 76 of whom were connected with other churches, and whose names have been forwaded to their own minis- ters. Archdeacon Langley, of Melbourne, ar- rived In Sydney last week, and presided at a "Convention on Our Lord's Second Com- ing," held at St. Paul's, Redfern, on No- vember 2?, 28, and 29, which was inaugu- rated with the. Holy Communion, the Most Rev. the Primate delivering an address. Fourth-year invitations to Wesleyan ministers in New Zealand have been ex- tended to the Rev. H. R. Dewsbury, of Durham-street, Christchurch; the Rev. J. Blight, of Northern Waihora; and the Rev. T. F. Jones, of Waitara. Several fourth year invitations have alBO been given in Queensland. Í Sunday last was set apart by direction of tho Australasian Wesleyan General Con- ference, as "Temperance Sunday," to be observed , by the ; Wesleyan Churches throughout Australasia, and in connection therewith a temperance demonstration was also held In the Centenary, Hall, Sydney, .on/Monday last. Thé Sydney Presbytery, at a special meeting held on November 20, decided on the advisability of an ordained minister being appointed^to the office of general or organising secretary of the Presbyterian Church, and made a number of recom- mendations relating to his work and rela- tive to the committee of the Assembly. The Rev. Thomas Cook preached before the two metropolitan District Synods of the Wesleyan Church in the Centenary Hall, York-st, on November 22, the building being crowded. His text was Acts i., 8, "But ye shall receive;-power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." Both synods passed resolutions of thanks to Mr, Cook for his excellent sermon. The Primate was announced to adminis ter the rite of confirmation as follows during the past week: Christ Church, North Sydney^ on Sunday at 3.30; St. Michael's, Surry Hills, Tuesday, 7.30; All Saints', Petersham at 4.30, and St. Aidan's, Annandale, at 7.30 on Wednesday; St. John's, Balmain, Thursday at 7.30; and St. Mark's, Darling Point, on Friday at 4.30. His Honor the Chief Justice of Victoria has spoken, says the "Southern Cross," som© plain", strong words on the subject of divorce,-which ought to set many ears tingling .-. The working of tho Victorian Act hià Honor "declares, represents "a very woeful state bf things," and the number of the cases f'criés áloud for attention, and speedy attention at the "hands of the com- munity." - ' ' . ; - ; ; Our Presbyterian contemporary, refer- ring to the views of Dr. Momerie, the re- presentative of the Bread Church party in England, says': "Here at last is the cry- stalled form of an intangible something which has too long boen floating about in the atmosphere of public opinion: it is the divorce of- belief and action,' an unholy putting asunder of what God has joined together." CHURCH NEWS BY RECENT MAILS. It is stated that owing to the ill-health of the .Bishop of Mashonaland, Dr. G. Knight-Bruce, ho has resolved to resign his episcopal charge. The Rev. Alan George Sumner Gibson has been consecrated as coadjutor-Bishop pf Cape Town. He has been engaged ia mission work in South Africa since 1882. Dr. W. Landels, the well-known Baptist minister of Edinburgh, who is now over 70 years of age, has tendered his resigna- tion bf the pastorate of the Dublin-street charge. The Bishop of Durham recently consec- rated ."the new church of St. Aldan, at Gateshead, built and dedicated as a me- morial to the late Dr. Lightfoot, Bishop of the diocese. . \- The Rey. Dr. E., Er Jenkins, who visited Australia .many yearsiago, ls said to have 'delivered an admirable address on "Pre- sent . Day.; Unbelief", .before1 the recent Evangelical Alliance annual conference. ' '.'The. Oxford Diocesan Conference re , cently held ...resolved to ,ask convocation ,t» express an .opinion as. to whether! there is i. anything contrary to the teaching pf the Church in ' the . disposal of the dead-by; I cremation. j A committee of the York Convocation Is inviting from the clergy answers to a series of questions on the subject of shor- tened Church services, and on other modi- fications of the limits enjoined in the Act of Uniformity. Dean Hole, of Rochester, was to leava England about the middle of October, by; the s.s. Majestic, for New York, to com- mence a lecturing tour in America, to raise funds for the "restoration of the Rochester Cathedral. . The hearty co-operation of several of the London police court magistrates with tho Salvation Army Officers who attend these1 places regularly, is a sign that the pre- judice existing1 against the Army in civic institutions is fast disappearing. The English Wesleyan Committee of Pri- vileges is at an early meeting to take uß the question ot the electoral disadvan- tages of the ministers, consequent upon the itinerant system. It is felt that tllQ position has become intolerable^ Sermons were, preached, (recently _. in :« ku-.< Paul's Cathedral In aid pf the.East; Lon- don Church fund.. - The income required this year to sustám. the work ' is; ï20,P00,i though that of last year (the.;highéât,'on record) only . reached? a, little , .over: 118,600. ; 1 ., ;>¿*-.] '''Y ' Cil .Y!, ./'; A Presbyterian 'Churcn'Conlerericj9;i:'was; held In Belfast early in "Oetbb.er, the first; of the sort ever held In Ireland, dt -prlilch. addresses were: delivered or ;papors read.: by such men as Professor Macalister, of. Cambridge,; and Rev, D£. Mài-eus Dods, bf; Edinburgh. ,:..; ' ; '-, y: ",:,J.:.Y -: . ? The first Irish. Convention/of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor waa held in Belfást early, in October, at. which delegates were present- from all parts of the United Kingdom, and much stimulus has been' given to the movement in Ireland. .: The Rev. Dr. Jos. Parker, of the City Temple, London, said, on'his return from his recent visit to Scotland, where he had preached both in the Established and Free Chürchés, "I like these Scotch people, so hospitable, cheery, smypathetiCi and fra- ternal with one another." .'The oelctrio light' has been introduced iàto the'church of the celebrated Bap- tist minister, Dr. Clifford, at -Westbourne Park, London, whichis" generally, crowded, ; often to oppression, and has greatly added; to tho appearance of^-the'building; "ánd" to the comfort of! the evening worshippers. A Baptist Theological College ' scheme for^Scotland1 on . an independent basis ¡ has been recently inaugurated at a meeting held at Glasgow, under the presidency, of ; Professor ' Joseph Coates, M.D. A cons!- ; derable -number of ? Subscribers was .re- ported, and the society commences under hopeful auspices. A Reuter's telegram received in London early' in October from Victoria, British Columbia, stated that the Rev. W. H. Binney, vicar of Witton, Cheshire, and commissary in England of the Bishop of Nova Scotia, has been unanimously chosen to succeed the late Dr. Slllltoe as Bishop of New Westminster, British Columbia. Lady Duff erin, the wife of the late Viceroy pf India, &c;, has become à regu- lar Sunday school teacher at Claudeboye, Ireland; also Lady Hermione Blackwood, at the same place. Lord Duff erin was present at the opening of the schools, and sont a cheque to tho clergyman for the poor of the parish. The Church of Scotland "Travelling Scholarship" for Bible lands including Greece, instituted mainly through the zeal, of Professor Blackie, and open for compe- tition to divinity students in any Scottish University, has been won. this year by Mr. John Duncan, M.A., of Botriphnil, a distinguished Oriental student pf the Uni- versity of Aberdeen. The advent to office of the new dean of Hereford; says a London contemporary, is already having some welcome results, It is long since the . cause of the Church Missionary'* Society" has been advocated- in the cathedral, but a Sunday 1» 1895. has now been promised, and the Bible Society will also " have on annual - sermon in the Cathedral. :'v :-' - ;';. ?'? y ; A Wesleyan-layman, a local preacher of - forty years' standing, recently adminis^ tered the Lord's Supper, after a service which he had been appointed to conduct at Trewoon, the church members not hav- ing had the opportunity pf partaking of the sacrament for about twelve months, notwithstanding repeated requests for its administration. Cardinal Vaughan, says an English ex- change, has provoked a discussion in "The Times" on ^'Anglican Orders," claiming for Catholic priests exclusively (1) sacra- mental efficiency in the eucharist, and (2) power "to forgive the sins of men, with a Divine efficacy." But do the majority of the ministers of the Church of England claim any such power? The Rev. Geo. Short, B.A., President of the English. Baptist. Union, in his inau- gural address, claimed that Baptists are not to be held guilty bf indifference or neglect, of .their children because they do not bring them to the front; but he strongly advocated "a public dedication service,'.' instead of tho' private one now commonly used* .Mr. Albert Spicer, M.P., the ex-chairman of the English Congregational Union, sug- gests that church meetings should be held on Sunday, evening, that home and foreign missionary representatives should oftener attend such, meetings and avail them , selves of , the opportunity to . interest :and ¡. instruct thé * peöplë! ?"''''Hér -also suggests . that church members .engaged in social work, parliamentary work, parish council work, and the like, should be:regarded as doing church work. V . ? : . It is often alleged by English Ch'urchr men that three-fourths pf the people belong to the National Church; yet, according tb "The Official Year Book" for 1893 it is not possible to put the number of real mem- bers of the church above 1,691,900. "This is all,", says the' ."Methodist Times," "out of a population, over 15 years of age of 18,830,200. ' It is easy to count ail citizens who dp not- call themselves something else as members of the Church of Eng- land, but surely communicants are the only genuine churchmen." At the Circuit Court, Mackay (Q.), the Crown declined to prosecute two. Malayta .Island boys for the murder of Peter Ander- son. The Crown prosecutor explained that the evidence depended on a kanaka wit- ness, who now told a different story to that he previously told.. _ Mr. Geo. C. Howard, Canadian traveller for Dr. J. G¿ Ayer and Cb., writes : Por many. , y^ars" I have suffered: much with chilblains, and have :itover found complete relief until I tned Canadian Healing Oil. I' am glad to -state that -it has entirely = rid mo ' of ' a moat . annoying áfiliotion. I shall always bo happy Í2-Sommendit to those who snay bo similarly 