Sir Anthony's Secret Or, A FALSE POSITION. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. |BY ADELINE SERGEANT. AUTHOR OF "THE GREAT MILL- STREET MYSTERY," "JACOBI'S WIFE," " UNDER FALSE PRE- TENCES," "NO SAINT," "A LIFE SENTENCE," " DEVERIL'S DIA- MOND," &c.;, &c.; [ALL RIGHTS RESERVE] CHAPTER XV.— (Continued.) She swept away with the same air of haughty displeasure, which, how- ever, seemed to amuse Sir Anthony immensely. He laughed quietly for some time when she had gone. "It is a pity," he said to himself, " that there is nobody to enjoy the joke with me. I hardly meant to keep it up so long. After all, nobody suffers by it. I shall outlive the boy, and it matters very little for a girl. When she marries, or when she is one and twenty, perhaps — if she pleases me — I will make things straight. In the meantime, it is amusing to see my lady's manoeuvres, and I won't let her go too far." Sir Anthony was in the position of many men, who think that they can safely deny Fate, because they have no mortal disease and are not yet decrepit. He was a valetudinarian, it is true ; but he calculated on a lease of life sufficient to enable him to carry out his plans, and perhaps, after all, he was as likely as most people to attain it. The house was tolerably full of visi- tors, and others were expected on the day of Elfrida's return with Henry and Philip. She had been so long away from Kesterton that two or three trifles which passed unnoticed by her brother, and even by Mr. Win- yates, impressed, her unpleasantly. It was easy to account for the fact that the fly took them round to the garden door for she knew that it was easier to carry Henry indoors by this entrance than by any other ; but she was (a little unreasonably) surprised to find that no one stepped forward to receive them ; that their arrival attracted rather less interest than that of a new servant in the house. She had not ex- pected to be welcomed by Sir Anthony or Lady Kesterton, but she had expected a little of the attention to which she had been for some years tolerably well accustomed, and a smiling housekeeper, or a willing housemaid would have been better than nobody. But Terry and the fly- man had to carry the boxes upstairs, and Philip helped to settle Henry comfortable upon his couch ; and no- body appeared to help them. The day was wet and cold, but no fire had been lighted in the grate, and there were no signs of a meal. Mrs. Terry bustled about and began to put things in order; she seemed accustomed to waiting on herself and on Henry also, but Elfrida felt that the " home-coming," as Henry had cheerfully termed it, was decidedly chilly. The old parlor, too, looked very plain and shabby and comfort less to her eyes ; the furniture was really in the last stage of dilapidation, and the few attempts at decoration were deplorably ugly. Elfrida turned to the window, but the view that used to be beautiful was obscured by driving rain and storm- clouds, and site looked only on a scene of dripping and misty desolation. Henry had been wheeled into his room for a quiet rest before tea, and Elfrida still stood at the window when Philip came back into the parlor. At the sight of her motionless figure, the face turned resolutely to the Park, the hands hanging at her sides, he suddenly realised some of the girl's feelings. He paused for a moment, then took a step towards the window. " I am afraid you find it cold and uncomfortable," he said. She turned to him with a bright smile, but her eyes were full of tears. "Oh, you don't think I mind that ?" she said, " It was of Henry I was thinking — he is so easily contented that it is a shame if he has not every- thing pleasant and nice about him." "But I hope he is comfortable, gene- rally," said Phil, with a touch of some- thing like shame. " They cannot have known at what time to expect us, or they would have had things ready. I will ring and——" "No, pray do not," she interposed, somewhat eagerly. " Dear old Terry will have everything ready in a few minutes. I will go and help her ; I don't know why I am idling here. Don't let us keep you. I dare say you want to go to your own room, or down stairs to tea. You see I begin to re- member the customs of the house." " I will stay and have tea with you, if you will let me." "No — no; you will be wanted." " I am at nobody's beck and call — I am my own master. Let me stay, Elfie." His voice sank to a tone of tender- ness which was not altogether new to her. She had heard it several times during the last fortnight. It always fluttered her a little ; she did not know whether to like it or not. Offended by it she could not possibly be. And in that moment of vague pain and humiliation it was sweet to her— sweet, also, the touch of his hand upon hers, the admiring gentleness with which his eyes rested upon her face. "Stay, then," she said, with a little smile and a soft blush, which made her lovelier than over in his eyes, " but it is for Henry's sake, not for mine." For whose sake, soever, Philip found it very pleasant to linger in the glow of the newly-lighted fire, while Elfie went to and fro between the sitting-room and her own apart- ment, the door of which was in the passage opposite the baize door that led into the picture gallery. The four rooms occupied by the Pastons and Mrs. Terry formed a parallelogram, skirted on two sides by a corri- dor, which ran the length of the west wing, with doors (on one side only) opening into rooms generally appropriated to the servants' use. The little staircase by which Henry went in and out of the Park lay between the parlor and picture gallery ; but at the other extreme end of the corridor there was also a staircase leading to the kitchens. It was a very con- veniently situated set of rooms, and there was perhaps little to be won- dered at in the fact that Lady Kester- ton had always desired it for her nurseries. But she had never ven- tured to do more than hint that desire, Sir Anthony was quite resolved not to turn Henry out. Henry's rest was soon over, and he was wheeled back into the parlor when tea was ready. And then came a really merry little tea party. Elfrida had quite recovered her spirits, and was kneeling before the fire toasting tea-cakes for Henry and Philip, the firelight dancing on her flushed cheeks and brilliant eyes, when a solemn knock came to the parlor door. And no sooner had she called out " Come in," than a footman in very gorgeous array made his appearance with a solemn message. " Lady Kesterton's compliments to Mr. Winyates, and tea is being served in the white drorin'-room. And Lady Kesterton would be obliged to Miss Paston if she would go to her lady- ship's boudore at half-past five pre- cisely." Then he solemnly bowed and with- drew, leaving silence and something like dismay behind him. Philip mut- tered a word or two which Elfrida divined to have an objurgatory signifi- cance, but did not stir. Even Henry looked puzzled and vexed. Elfie was the first to recover herself. She burst into a merry careless laugh. " Go away, Mr. Winyates," she said. " You are not in your proper sphere. We may toast tea cakes up here, arid I am sure you darn't do that in the drawing-room, where you belong. Good- bye. I shall see you again some time if I survive the interview in Lady Kesterton's boudore." "I am not going," said Philip, calmly. " She does not really want me — and if she does, she must do with- out me. My heart is set on those tea cakes." She laughed and resumed her toast- ing operations. But Henry still looked troubled. " Perhaps there is somebody in the drawing-room that she wants you to meet, Phil. We can see you another day. You know, Elfie, you don't properly appreciate Phil's grandeur nowadays—— " She turned and gave Mr. Winyates a glance that thrilled that gentleman to the tips of his fingers in a very curious manner. It was half mocking, half tender, a little inquiring and a little affectionate ; altogether some- what coquettish. Possibly it put the final touch to work that was already begun ; certainly it made Philip feel as if wild horses would not drag him away from the parlor in the west wing that afternoon. And Henry, with the pucker of unusual anxiety between his brows, went on — " Since he has written books he has become quite a literary lion, I can toll you ! When he goes up to London he is out to grand parties every night, and people can't make too much of him ; no wonder Lady Kesterton wants him downstairs. Phil, hadn't you better go ?" " Don't worry yourself, old chap. No, there's no necessity. I am not Lady Kesterton's lap-dog, nor even her tame cat about the house. I shall e'en take the liberty of pleasing my- self." " If you do that you will please us, too," said Elfrida, as she put one of the cakes upon his plate. " But look at the time, somebody, and don't let me be too late for my appointment. Does Lady Kesterton want to examine me on my attainments, I wonder — with a droll look — or to offer me a post about her person ?" " She will do neither if you approach her in that frivolous spirit," said Philip, laughing. " Have you no awe and reverence about you, Elfrida ?" She shook her head. " Don't keep them in stock, or used them up long ago ; I'm not sure which. But I'm a very good actress ; I shall play my part well enough." " I know you will say and do just the right thing," said Henry, looking at her admiringly. " The right thing will be to be grateful for all her kindness, I sup- pose," said Elfrida, mimicking Lady Kesterton's tones so closely for a moment that Philip, who knew that she had spoken to Sir Anthony's wife at most two or three times, looked up surprised. Perhaps Elfrida mistook his surprise for another kind of feel- ing, for she suddenly changed her tone; " I am a wretch," she said, smoothing back her rather disordered hair, " and I don't mean what I say a bit. It's only naughtiness. Honestly and truly — with a grave and rather sweet look— I am grateful to Sir Anthony and Lady Kesterton for all that they have done for us. And I shall try to say so if I can." "That's right, Elfie; I'm glad of that," said Henry, simply. She stooped to kiss him. "It is nearly half-past 5. I must go. I wonder if I know the way." " I will go with you to the end of the picture gallery and show you which turn to take," said Philip. "Yes, it is time now." She nodded gaily to Henry, and smiled at Philip in teply. "Come then." And together they walked down the long dim gallery, where the pictured forms upon the walls gleamed at them like fantastic ghosts. At the further door, Philip showed her the turning that len to Lady Kesterton's boudoir. "Wish me good luck," she said, lingering a little, and putting out her hand as if to say good-bye. He took it in both his own. " I do — most heartily. How cold your hand is, dear !" " I am so frightened," she said, laughing rather nervously. "You wouldn't think it, but I am. If there is a person in the world of whom I am terribly afraid it is Lady Kesterton." She drew her hand away, smiled again as if to reassure him, and then sped lightly and swiftly in the direc- tion of Lady Kesterton's boudoir. CHAPTER XVI. ELFRIDA'S VOCATION. " You are two minutes late," said Lady Kesterton, when she had ex- tended her hand and given Elfrida the tips of two fingers for a moment. " I hope you are not in the habit of being unpunctual." " No, I don't think I am," said Elfrida, quite clearly and simply, "but of course it will happen sometimes." Lady Kesterton looked at her and did not speak. Another lady who was sitting in the great lounging- chair by the fireplace put up a long- handled double eyeglass and also looked. The movement attracted Elfrida's attention, which hitherto had been concentrated upon Lady Kester- ton. She now glanced at the lady in the easy chair. Who was it ? The face was vaguely familiar, and yet she knew no one with those swelling lines and con- tours, those superincumbent layers of fair white flesh, that face which had once been beautiful, but where now the beauty was half lost in positive fat. And yet that crown of elabor- ately dressed golden hair, the glance of the cold, smiling eyes—— Yes, she knew it now. It was Lady Beltane, the woman who, the servants had said, would one day be the ruin of Philip Winyates, who would not rest until she had broken Philip Win- yates' heart. The remembrance sent a cold shudder of something like dis- gust down the girl's spine. It sud- denly seemed to her as if she had come to a house full of enemies, and she was nearer the truth than she knew. " Won't you sit down ?" said Lady Kesterton, drily. She herself took a seat on the sofa, and Elfrida se- lected a plain high-backed chair for- herself. The woman with the eye glass was still surveying her. The hanging- lamp in the middle of the room had been lighted, and its rays fell full upon Elfrida's haughtily lifted head, her fine, spirited face, the slender figure in its well-fitting tweed gown. Elfrida had seldom looked better, though she was not aware of the fact. " I hope you had a pleasant time at Seaford," continued Lady Kes- terton. "Yes, thank you, a very pleasant time." " Were you sorry to leave Madame Leroy's ?" "For some things ; but I began to feel it was time I did something for myself, and relieved you and Sir Anthony of a great burden." Elfrida had a prompt, decisive way of speaking which her listeners did not approve. Lady Kesterton answered coldly, " Exactly, I think it is time. I am glad you are so sensible. I have already formed a plan which will probably meet with your — your — ap- proval." The word sounded satirical from Lady Kesterton's lips. "Thank you, I hope so," said Elfrida. Which was not what she was expected to say at all. " My plan," Lady Kesterton went on, as if unheeding that remark, "is one which I have carefully considered, and which is likely to be satisfactory in every way. You have been well educated, Miss Paston, and have, I hope, profited by your advantages. Of course, you ought to speak French or German like a native. My friend, Lady Beltane — she turned round to the splendid woman in the easy- chair — yes, she was splendid in her way, in the magnificent raiment of blue- green silk and plush which she called a tea- gown, with that gleaming coronet of golden hair — has been a great deal abroad ; you will not object to having a little conversation with her in French or German, we wish very much to hear your accent." Elfrida knew well enough that she could not refuse or resent the request, but there was something restive in her which made her blood boil at the sound of Lady Kesterton's speech. Nevertheless, she answered cour- teously and quietly that she would do as Lady Kesterton desired, and imme- diately turned her face towards Lady Beltane, and awaited the opening of the conversation. Lady Beltane smiled a little, and looked at her with sleepy scrutiny. Then she began to ask questions in German about Elfrida's fortnight at Seaford. Elfrida answered accurately, although with reluctance ; she seized almost immediately on the central motive of Lady Beltane's questions, which was to ascertain how much, time Philip Winyates had passed at Seaford, and on what terms of intimacy he stood with Elfrida herself. When she had got to know all that Elfrida would tell her, she smiled and glided gently into French. Lady Kester- ton had not studied German. In French, Lady Beltane talked about Madame Craven's books, and the singing lessons that Elfrida had taken in Paris. And in a minute or two she ceased to talk, gave Lady Kesterton a little nod, and took up a novel that was lying by her chair. But although she ceased to talk, she kept eyeing Elfrida over the pages of her book with somewhat an excess of attention. " Shall I sing to you, too ?" asked Elfrida, prepared to be amiable. "No, thank you, singing will not be required," said Lady Kesterton. "No doubt you can play a little? Yes. Well, you wish to find a situation. Your great drawback is that you have no experience in teaching. I propose to you to acquire that experience in my house. My two children are in want of a governess — a nursery governess, of course, but one who can talk French and German to them ; I offer you the post. When they require you no longer, you will be doubly valuable on account of the experience you will have gained and the recommendation that I should be able to give you." (TO BE CONTINUED. ) 