. Captain [Mac's Adventure ia. tho Albatross. ..:- ?..:,-!",.... Bis it known untoiyou, ;Mr.:Editor,.that,wo also have our noble river, with manya mazy wind, and- graceful curve .twixt: dainty natures «ver verdant banks, and keenly hope the ; day expectant, when gay caique < and gondola shall glide . with giddy youth and rippling laughter o'er its evening tidos. M. . Somothlng Uko thia of Into Rclzod doughty Mao, ?<???: A frioml of mino addicted to fair creatures, . ?.,. Who forthwith built a. dainty little smack, With bottom (Int, lino linc», and florid features, ¡ Launched mid baptised she rodo tho walkin woll, 1 ??..< , Laden'with Indica fair and childhood's happy focos; And nil wont morry na n mnrriugo boll. Whon ovoryono waa In their places, And up and down tho ri vor they did glide, .. And vlowod tho ocean, longing for aaohnappor,. >.> But rooka nnd bara and sandspit« to o'orrldo, ... For lady fair was not n font so dapper ; 1 But Mno, undaunted, dared to bravo tho briny. On Saturday ho roso nt early morn, i . ..» .. And,with n pup whoso aiirimnio might ba Nlnoy, . . Resolved tb trent tho hoary god with scorn. . With norvoa woll braced, himself with oold ' toa '? liquored, . <? in-,; . Ho graancd thc oars, resolved to have n w-roatlo -...i., With eddies, saudsplts, and tho angry broakors. , i Winning tho match with innnyn vigorous tutwlo; Hard by an toland flat topped Uko a tanto, l: Tho kollick overboard no dofüy heaves. ^. ¡¡ t* With a manilla clothos lino for a cabio. .' j. Two achuappar ho with hook lind bait ducolvos, But sport waa flat and Nlnoy whining dlrgo.-? Waa not thc boat of company on tho rolling doop, And aponl with laboring through tho angry rt urge, Whnt ciao could Allic do but full fast aaloup. Porfldlous Horcas nevor to bo trusted. From Northern nostril now began lo blow,1 ;.i And the stoiitcablo got completely wrcntod. And parted from tho kollicK, yon must, know . ; Bocked in u caiiiuu on ttio deep, mid durk Away to leownttl sleeping Mac did drlvo Waking nt midnight In his little nrk ¡ . Blurted out, good Ood, am 1 still alive . -<. Next morning early t hero was quito a flutter. Nervous mid wild thc nows around wont hissing, 1 Which blanching chook, and quivering lip did utter ? ' That, gondola and gallant iiao was missing. Out u)) tho hnracs, sing up police M'Govoru, ? . -t. Away all hands to scour along tho coast, ICugor to scan each clill', and beach, and envorn ? To llnil the wreck, anil perhaps a gibbering ghost.' ?' But dour old Mao like other Hoots so canny KindlnghliiHelf olive anti also Nlnoy, Hnnl'd In tho cable, nnd oars did lunn ; ho Sighting the laud, ami house of Donald Dlnnlo. <? Liku many a gallant Captain snell as ho ? :ii Hore np for Harbour named nf tor Cot!. , That hnp'd to bo right underneath his lee, Whoro tliero aro buoys to moor to whon 'tis rough,- ' And slopfc ngain till morning will ho, ?M. All taut and snug, mid to to tho buoy did Hiioro . At morn, espied by Harbour JlastorGlll ; ho Thought him a convict from Now Caledonia's shoro. "Wlia's thura I" says Gill, In French, with Highland accent ; :,?,?;?,! And Mno, Who understood tho langungo to n T, . " Blnnii yo ken whn tis 1" like a whip-crack aont. This ia tho Albntrofls, from tho Moonee, ? Ono of tho pnrty who wont out to search. ¡ i As trno'a my tnlu has now nhnost boon told, ..,.-.,,! Found Mao mid Nlnoy halo, and on tho march. Trudging It homowards on lier Majesty s road ; _? ..'.'.' Tho wlngloa* Albatross now moorod in porU ?'? 11'' Tho primest gondola for any snort : :-"i »i, And nor bravo cnntaln ovory claim can lay-.. r To bo the lumrt yarn of tho iimlrwtay. , 