ECHOES OF SPORT. Mr. Mayo intends, I understand, to turn Solon out for a rest. The Albion Cricket Club will to-morrow start practice for the season's operations. I am told that a wellknown Newcastle sportsman has drawn iEolus in ' Tattersall's ' sweep, and that he has laid Mr. Mayo half first prize. At tne sports meeting ot the JLmrlinghurst Harriers and Suburban Bicycle Club on Saturday, Wally Kerr won the One Mile Amateur Champion ship of Australia from A. Brown, hia whilom nnnmiarnr .Tnnpn. nF 'Wfiw 9Ipalnn/1 ftnr! ^r.vrc\ rtfViara It is expected that thiB is Kerr's last race on the ' bike.' At Williatnstown races on Saturday the Steeple chase was a chapter of accidents. Geelong, Vengeance II, Siberia. Velocity, and Kapo all fell. Tomlin, the rider of Kapo, had his jaw-bone broken. HayeB also had his collar-bone broken, and the horse Vengeance II. waB injured. Ballater's saddle shifted back before the Spring Stakes on Saturday, and the horse kicked violently and unseated Huxley. He behaved like a mad brute, until he kicked the saddle off, when he galloped down to the mile post, and was caught ' and led back. Huxley procured a fresh saddle, and vomnnnbd Vii/n finri t*ho Vlrtrao pan in f.Via i*aoa Half a dozen racing ponies were sent from the tlanning River to the metropolis last week. Three if them belonged to Mr. P. F. McPhellamy, two to Mr. Harry Robinssn, and one was shipped at iVingham. Three of them are by the well-known iony sire Coraewell, two by Zulu, and one by The ?iiar. One of Mr. Robinson's ponies is full brother ;o Zariff and Zeno. I understand the price paid 'or this colt as a yearling was .£125. Of the thoroughbreds imparted by Mr. H. C. White last week three are fillie3 and one a co't. Muta is a filly by Bendigo — Mutina, by Wenlock Torn Modena, by Parmesan from Archerp.ss. Im petus (colt), by Salisbury — Impetuous, by Voltigeur —It's Ciuious, has Irish Birdcatcher blood in plenty. Salisbury, the sire of Impetus, is by Camballo — True Blue, by 'Oxford ouc of Smilax, by Wintlhound. Lady Randolph is a bay filly, by Prince Rudolph — Tbe Lady, by Charibert out of Select, by Thunderbolt. Prince Rudolph is by Prince Charlie — Hester, by Thormanby, from Tomyris. Felucca is a bay filly, by Hazelhatch — Galleon, by Sterling from Typolite, by Toxopholite. Hazelhatch is by Hermit, from Hazeldean, by Cathedral from Nutbrush, by Filbert. Despite the fact that racegoers have the first day's sport at Randwick to assist them in their search for winners to-morrow, I am afraid that they will find more that is misleading than assuring when they come to deal with the Metropolitan. I should imagine that Brockleigh will be an absentee, and it is also probable that Ruenalf will be reserved for an engagement later on in the season. If Euroka can stiy he should be very hard to beat, but I think his game is sprinting. If Mr. Mayo decides to slipJE-lus to-morrow in preference to retaining him for the Victorian campaign he will play a very prominent part in the race, but he may be satisfied with Lady Trenton's chance, despite her indifferent running in the Epsom Handicap. Any how I hazard the following prediction — Mr. Mato's Best, Volnbt, and Paris. It was a tremendous day for Tocal at Randwick on Saturday, for the pedigree of every horse that won a race there — with the exception of Bonnie Scotland — can be directly traced as coming from that venerable and wonderful old stud which nestles away so retiringly in the shadow of the Paterson hills. Bingara, who won the Hurdle Race, is by The Gem (son of Kelpie and Ida), who did good service for Mr. John Mayo, and who was bred by Mr. Reynolds. Isaac, who secured the Trial Stakes, is by Splendor — Old Wife, and was bred at Tocal. So, too, was Uabba, who is by Splendor out of China Rose, and who won the Epsom Handicap j and Clinker, who landed the Kensington Handicap, is by the same successful sire out of the old-fashioned Claribel, a member of the Sweetheart family. Brockleigh, as is well known, is a son of the mighty Goldebrougb, and a good son, too. Billy Boy, who ran second in the Hurdle Race, is by the same sire. Thus an Australian, now in Eugland, writes to a Sydney contemporary : ?' Mr.. Fred Dangar, with his usual liberality and keen love of sport, especi ally in connection with anything Australian, brought off a succesesul cricket match at Ealing during the bank holidays. The Australian team he got together went to tha wickets and remained there all day, totting up some 280 oddTuns, of which number Mr. Waddy (son of Mr. ' Dick' Waddy, Morpeth), scored 60 runs. As in the Grace family, so in the Waddy's cricket appears to be hereditary.' This iB Percy Waddy who when at King's School, Parramatta, about twelve months ago not only showed excellent form in the cricket field, but also carried off the scholarship entitling him to a three present piwsuing his studies. It is scarcely nece3 ary to add that the Percy Waddy who is keeping up tbe family's prestige in England is a nephew of our Mr. Percy M. Waddy, known far and wide as one of the most enthusiastic and successful cricketers in the Northern district. I wish he may have luck during the coming season. Whilst at the coursing match at East Maitland on Saturday, I took the opportunity of Beeing how the work of forming the racecourse there waB pro gressing, and Mr. Mat. Murphy, who takes great interest in the matter, very kindly gave me some particulars anent it. The old course was an unpromising site Eor a convincing ground, as it was very undulating, being a suceession of hills, hollows, tiny watercourses, and sparse timber, but it is hopefully expected that by the time the flag is unfurled on the new course there will be a great transformation for the better. The ancient rustic and primitive grandstand will be dis pensed with, and will be replaced some time in the hereafter by a neat and more modern structure in a better position, and indeed this should be done as soon after business has been com menced as possible, for a grandstand and sad dling paddock — properly enclpsed — are great revenue producers. The track will be of an attrac tive shape and about a mile and four chains round, with a straight a quarter of a mile in length, 40ft. wide, and almost on a dead level. At the turn past tue winning post anotner straight will be entered by a gradual sweep, and along here itis in tended to get th9 truck as level as possible by a cutting some 8£t. d-ep, which will be sloped off, so as notto hidethe horses. When-fc lesmall watercourses could not bp dodged they have been spanned by -uhstantial and wide culverts, whilst the horses will traverse portion of tho back of the course along an embankment 40ft wide, which should be 6«fficient for the fields which will start at East Maitland. This rise from the old level of the track makes the ascent ot the hill leading into the straight less severe than formerly, and indeed this will be the only bit of climbing to be done all round, and that will not be steep. The home turn might with advantage have been a trifle wider, but it is not probable that the nags will be travel' Una; at a great rate here, and there is no corner to speak of. The contract for cleahin-r and forming is held by Mr. O'Brien, of Louth Park, and the price is ^300. The design of tha tra:k, levels, and other professional information has been supplied gratuitously by a popular gentleman who shall be nuneless, and as the land is a gift from the Government the Jockey Club ba^ so far been called upon for very little money. Situated as it is so conveniently to the railway line, and to Viotoria street platform, whilst a large population resides in the immediate vicinity, the course should be a popular rendezvous of sportsmen in the Northern district-- that is, if the good times return. I hope they will for the sake of the club and for all our Hakes. Although only one favourite was successful at Rind'vick on Saturday the countrymen who made the pilgrimmage to the headquarters of the Aus tralian Jockey Olub did fairly well in their contest with the fielders, and so returnpd to their deserted homes aud virtuous couches in a cheerful if not de lighted frame of mind. At least somo of the Mait landprs who backed three winners, but who did not see the Hurdle Knee, did. There was ten runners for this event, and Billy Boy, on tho strength of -the form he had recently shown in Viotoria, wa favourite, but he was beaten Somewhat easily afc the end by Bmgaraf who was only purchased by itelao from Pay ten afc the Hawkesbury meet ing, so that he was not long in repaying the owner of Orville Lodge for his outlay. With the exception perhaps of King Orry and Isaac, the nine homes saddled up for the Trial Stakes were indifferent specimens. The first named was favourite at 6 to 4, with Isaac next in demand, and 10 to 1 could be had about the others. It waB whispered before the start that Isaac was jii3t as good a horse as Jeweller, and indeed the result wBiib jar to prove tnis, ror tne brown gelding won, without an effort from Fielder's crack and Marvel's brother Blarneyatone. Isaac has been heavily sup ported for the Caulfield Cup, for which he has been handicapped at 7sfc. 71b., just a utone less than he carried on Saturday. Isaac's dam, Old Wife, is by Piscator out of Ragpicker (full siatftt to Sylyia, dam of Robin Hood, Goldsbrough, Martini-Henry, etc.), so that he is a beautifully bred fellow. As a yearling he was very small, owing to his dam being a bad mother, but he was one of the fastest youngsters ever seen in the paddock at Tocal. For the Derby, which followed, the whole of the acceptors (eight) saddled up, but good judges say that barring Nobleman and Bonnie Scotland there was nothing among the others worth much attention. The biggest youngster that stripped was Atlas, who is described as look ing like the ghost of his sire Cranbrook. Chester man had few admirers at any time, and fewer still when Huxley rode Atlas in pre ference to him. The race was a bit of a surprise, as Nobleman, who was favourite, pulled like a steam engine for a mile and was then beaten, and Bonnie Scotland appeared to have hia fi-.-ld eettled when, Chesterman went in pursuit, and was only beaten. ?jjr u iitau aiuci a ucapciam llUIEill, OUUUlliuV DoIUg third, Nobleman fourth, and Glenullin last. The winner is by St. George out of Fair Nell, and is thus own brother to Loyalty. He is engaged in the V.R.C. Derby, and is the property of that good New Zealand sportsman Mr. S. H. ? G oil an. Chesterman, who created intense surprise by rnnning second, is by Chester out of Episode (dam of Enigma), whilst Cobbitty is by Abercom out of Copra (dam of Camoola), so that the placed horses belong to the same family on the sire's side, as Chester and St. George are brothers, and Aber com is a son of the former. The scratching o£ Broukleigh and 2Eolus for the Epsom Handicap brought joy to the heart of fielders, for Dotn norsea naa rjeen Heavily backed. Jar. Parker, who owns the former, preferred to go for the weight-for-age races, whilst Mr. Mayo did not relish taking the leavings of some hungry backers who had got all the nice morsels^ attached to iEolus. The backers of Seaman were also unfortunate, for the son of Navigator burst a blood vessel whilst cantering iH the morning, and again bled copiously when doing his preliminary for the race, and was withdrawn. Hia supporters did not get a run for their money, bot they will nevertheless have to pay and look contented. The race has already been described in our columns, so it only remains for me to say that Uabba won like a racehorse, and that his owner, Mr. John Dykes, and a friend are reported to have drawn over .£10,000 from Mr. Oxenham by the victory. Uabba spoilt a clever coup by Mr. Kelso with Volney, but some who watched the race closely fancy that if Euroka could have got out of the bustle at the finish, my tip would have won. The Spring Stakes attracted one of tho best fields ibat ever went out for a weight-for ago race at Raadwick, but nothing had a chanco with big Brockleigh, who started favourite, and who simply cantered home before Ruenalf and Paris. It is quite evident that over distances which he can stay Brockleigh ib the best horse in Australia, and that when 'Teddy' Keys backs Ruenalf for a handicap he must nearly ? cop. It is probable that two or three horses that finished out of a place were not seen at their best, but nothing could beat Brockleigh. Clinker's very easy win in the Ken sington Stakes from Palo Alto and Launceston was unexpected. The Vagrant. 