THE PASTORAL BILL AND PARA LYSED TJ'.ADE AND INDUSTRY. 'To discuss in a friendly way, and free from party politics, the forfeiture clause in the Pastoral Bill now before Parliament.' is announced as the main object of a public meeting jailed by the Mayor of Ade' aide for to-day. The stagnation in ;rade which prevails at tbe present ;ime is undoubtedly greatly aggravated by the paralysis in the woolgrowing in lustry, illustrated by the indisposition to ake up new counbry or to spend money n developing territory at present occu )ied. Is is being brought home to every :lass of the community that this ia a natter which directly and intimately joncems it. It is therefore not surpris ng that merchants, manufacturers of aachinery mechanical appliances boots ind clo hing, fruitgrowers, grocers, oachbuilders, saddlers, and members of nany other trades are represented in he list of signatories to the requisition iresented to the Mayor a few days ago a Parliament men of such opposite ?iews as the Hons. F. Basedow, J. J )uncan, D. M. Charleston, W. Russell' ,nd H. Adams have given it as their [^liberate opinion, after careful enquiry, hat the tirst cure for the unemployed liiliculty is to be found in the adoption -f such liberal pastoral legislation as may cad to the immediate prosecution of ragepaying work on large areas of now leserted land. The forfeiture clause, ithough not the only example of illi -er&l; and dog-in-the-manger legislation ucludcd ia the Bill now before the Council, may yet ba taken as a fair anrnle of the spirit in which the whole if the measure as now amended is con nived. What sane Bank Manager or )irector would agree to lend money for he carrying out of improvements on a ease which might at any time ba ancolled by a stroke of the ten, more particularly after the xperience which bas already been ained of the arbitrary manner in which uch forfeitures may be decided upou? low can it be expected that those who lave a lit*le money, and who are disposed orisk it notwithstanding the fearfully qw price of wool, will face the additional angers incidental to becoming tenants t will, subject to the caprice of a Cam aisBioner prejudiced against pastoralista, ven though he may have as an advisory tody a Board which is practically under i is control? Of course this is the light tn which the rholo matter naturally presents itself to hie woolgrower. But, so far as to !ay's meeting is concerned, that much* bused individual is \n outsider. Commercial men in the city are feeling how it affects trade to have vast areas of land either lying idle or but partially utilized which might be producing wool for export, thus leading to the circula tion of ready cash in the colony. In exactly tbe same way members eucIi as Messrs. Charleston, Adams, and Russell* who profess in a special degree to repre sent labour, see quite clearly, as coon as they come to make enquiries, that nothing is likely to give a greater stimulus to general industry and com merce than the adoption of a policy which will create a demand for the ser vices of hundreds of men in wellsinking, dam making, and the manufacture of troughs and windmills and all sorts of station requisites. The objec tors to a vigorous policy are of two classes, the first comprising those who have a traditional and inveterate preju dice against the squatter, or who are afraid that the State may make a bad bargain aa wool may speedily rise in price. The practical woolgrower sees no prospect of any such luck. If similar counsels had prevailed when tbe great drop in copper took place the Peninsula mines would have been closed for many a year. Then there are the drcaruera vrho wish to socialize the sheep stations in Australia With wool at od. to 5d. per lb. no Government could hope to make a profit out oi the land which is now in question. The advocates of such impracticable theories have no locus dandi whatever. The immediate desideratum is that, whatever securities the State may exact for the future occupation of the land and the payment of a fair rent, the men who are to render these tracts onco more reproductive should be encouraged to at once get to work. The motto of every true commercial and industrial leader is to 'act in tbe living present,1' and in the eyes of sensible men no amount of sophistical talk will shield members of Parliament from the odium which will attach to them it they short sightedly hamper an important producing interest at the very time when every avenue should be opened up for those who are able and willing to work. The Christmas ' Obseeveu.'— The Christ mas edition of Che Adelaide Observer is one o tbe features of the principal holiday season in Adelaide, and the issue this year is one that will afford speoial pleasure to its readers among old and young throughout Australia. The feature which has distinguished the Christ mas number for several years past baB been replaced by a still more interesting one. In placs of tha familiar coloured picture issued as a special supplement there ara a soore or two of illustrations printed with the letterpress, thus giving a more sustained interest to the issue. The purely Christmas matter it contained in a supplement of twenty four pages. This opens with a very well written article entitled 'Everybody's Christ mas,' written and illustrated by a talented yoang South Australian lady ; and it is hoped sincerely that, while everybody in the natural order of things has a Christ mas, that festive season will be spent in the midst of pleasure and creature comforts. As tire fair authoress puts it, ' Dear old Fathar Christmas haa a wondrous faculty for making himself at home in the most unlikely sur roundings ;' and we trust that such will be the case in those far-away districts where the Obisrvcr is so welcome, and the thoughts of home and friends so tenderly fostered, because ' absence m*ke» the heart grow fonder.' The whole number of this week's Obiervcr ii redolent of the joyous peason, for tho very reports of daily events allude to it in some fashion. A story with the ourious coupling 'Bush and Benob/'by O. Crow, is a pleasingly tugged sort of etory, highly flavoured with good honest Scotch, which will fall familiarly from the lips of some old grandaire aB he aits in the shade reading the ' owre true tale1' to his family or his cronies. Boys and girla are catered for in a way that delights them by a column of 'Christmas trioks and enter tainment,' in which perforated coins, questions and answers, and the vanishing penny—the penny invariably does vanish when a boy gets hold of it— are made to furnish no end of amusement ; and over ths leaf is a page full of olaverly, quaintly, and humorously drawn figures, forming a pictorial tale of thrilling interest, and there is the delightful prospect of them being used for the cherished sorapbook, coloured gorgeously. So many jwople 'drop into poetry,' like Silas Wegg, at this time of tha year tbat tbe current literature generally gets the overflow, and tba Observer is no exception. There is more than one poem on Christmas, embodying prettr and suitable sentiments. Appropri ately enough for this year of mines and rumours of mines, one author (Mr. Stanley Hamilton) has developed a delightful romanoe under the title of ' The Digger's Wedding,' in whioh manly sentiment is happily mingied with local colouring ; moreover, it. is capitally illustrated. As an adtrinaeut ' Lucy Hardy' has written about the 'Fell-Thorpe Ghost,' a ghost with whom Annie Be»ant or Mrs. Mellon would be proud to make an acquaint ance. It is a rather elongated ghost, too, for it measures over five columns. Dismissing the phantom, the reader comes upon two paces of clever etchings illustrating some verses of a humorous character. 'Two Clirmmas Eves,' pen ? driven by Mr. O. J. Macrae, runs neck and neck with 'TheCattle- stealer's Daughter,' by that olever colonial novelist Mrs. J. M. Waterhouse ; and then came more pages of pictures, flanking 'The Story of a Woman's Itevensre'— no allusion to the Suffrage Bill— and a fascinating story, 'The Enchanted Pearls,' in verse, by Lindsay Dunces. There is a taking tone of the old time in 'Rouudheads and Cavaliers,' by F. Welle, and much interest in 'The Other Lodger,' by E. Lee. To complete the allurement of this fully illus trated and wonderfully ivell-worked-up com bination of uews, solace, fun, and frolio are a stirring story by T. B. RuBiell, embellished rvitb etobinpa, the current stories ; that column in which tbe youog folk do so revel, 'Uncle Harry's Letter;' and the Echoes, by Hugh Kalyptue. The number (whioh is published to-day) comes out in anew garb suitable to the season, a pale - blue rcrappsr exceedingly well printed. Truly the Christmas number of the Obzervir is a thing of beauty and a joy for ever. PAESENV.EKS BY THE AVSTBAUA.— The following passengers are booked to loave by the P. & O. R.M.S. Australia, which sails to-day :— For London— Miss M. Farquhartou, filrd. Kenwick, and Miss Holland. For Albany— Masters J., A. E., and H. C. Has sell, Mr. O. Wehrstedt, Mr. J. H. Bray, Mr?. Abbott and ohild, Messrs. W. T. and D. P.. and Master C. H. Osborne, Miss Fuller, Mrs. aud Mies Saw, Mrs. and Master Snook, Mm. J. C. Braidwood aad child, Mr. C. Trickfield, Mr. A. and Miss S. Timms, Mr. J. Giiroy, Mr. M. F. Cavanagh, Mr. John Wishart, Dr. Hill. Mails sr the Austkai,.— The mails dis patched on November 14, par R.M.S. Austral, arrived in London during the night oE the 14th inst. . Axothee Bese Case.— By some aggravat ing fatality during this warm weather beer casts appear to be ' on the boards' more than psual. The Banco Court was occupied tbe whole c? Tuesday morning arguing a question whsther bear came under the Excise duty when it was brewed, but not 'fined,' 'on' the passing of the Aot and whether 'on' meant 'at.' Again it was 'beer, beer all about, and not a drop to drink. ' In this par ticular case, unlike the one last week, the beer was not tn evidence, but it was much dis cussed. The Treasurer claimed duty on a cask of beer brewed by the S.A. Brewing Company at the time the Aot was passed, and there ware some interesting differences of opinion on the construction of the words 'on and aft*r' the commencement of tha Act. However, as the case being incomplete needed amending, Cassoll'a dictionary, the Imperial dictionary, tba ojclopsdfa;, and a hoss of law books wew put away fro ten., and tbe argu ment stands over. The historical lager beer labjl eats comei on to-day. The UsrvEBsiTT of Avtuum. — Mr* Edward Vaugban Boulgtr, M.A., D.IM-, bas sent in to the Council of the UBifWHtf of Adelaide the resignation of bis Pfof«M«nhip on the ground of ill-heal*. The naif* nation has been accepted, ead will lake effect at the close of sue sMtha' leave of absence granted to Ike N' tiring Professor. Dr. Bonlgw «M ap pointed Hughes Professor of Fmlissi Laa« fruage and Literature and of M—tslsjaMlisTouJ Philosophy at the University of ▲daiaid* oa January 2G, IS S3, and Mtand opaa tfc* discharge of his duties oa Atlfwl 1 of that year. During the abaiaee of tn- fessor Kelly in England rfuhsf 16BM Dr. Boalger acted on his behalf m PrafeHOr of Classics aud Comparative Philologf mi Literature, and on the death of that fMtfe man he took up tbat workiaaabattMtMSJof his former position, which hastate!/ ben OHM ferred on Mr. Marshall, M.A., D.Sd.. of Edinburgh. At the time of bis ?ppeialMtt to the University of Adelaide Dr. BonUw trat Profaseor of Greek at the Cork UsuffOMitr. Inland. Prior to that he bad bsca IiMttmr at Queen's Institute, Dublin. At Triaitf College, Dublin, he fused aba ?ifBKt honour*, being Senior Moderator ami Gold Medallist of his year. During lbs) tea fMlf he has spent in South Australia be bet fires proof of brilliant ability. Elsctbic Traitwats.— Mr. W. Sbiarlaw, who at tbe beginning of April laat loft AAV .laido for a holiday tour, haa ntotaod. DariBf his trip he visited the United Statw, fjOflsoil, Irejind, SaotUnd, Walss, sAdacvscaloouatffis* ou the Continent. Mr. Shierlaw, who it OM of the Directors of the Unley Traaaway Com pany, obtained some iatenstwjt iafnanatioo. regarding electric trams. In tha States b« found ia almost every large city what ia kaom ss the overhead system. Great objeetioa, bow* ever, was taken to the syttem, wbiob, b* was informed, would be discarded a« MM ai a batter scheme of tramlines waaiatrodoctd. In Chicago he found a tramway with ih# electric ourrent underground. This bad DMSJ badly construotod, and did sol work wdL At Washington the underground ?leotrie ?pttm had bBcn in use cince Marcb, 1893, and mnm4 to bo working almost uiatnfftrtoriljMlbt overhead system. Being only an saptriawt considerable expense had been iocomd is oos* nection with the soheaae.bat tho ptomotttt hoped to be able to reduce the oostof ooastme tion. While in Paris Mr. Shierlaw aotioad a motor which was worked by compmssd air. tbe machinery being in ftoot friaiiltf to that on the eleotno cars. Ta* wbotU of this conveyance are eacJoaad, aod the' whole affair has tho appatnae* of a huge box. When asked to oxjNoai aa opinion concerning the advisabheoMof sBtfo* ducing tbe electrio system iato Adalatd*, Mr. Shierlaw said :— ' It will be jort as *«U for Adelaide to wait and tee how tbo aj$Um works in the countries mentioned. AltboSf h 1 believe in the electric system I fail to ?*? that it can with advantage be wtmdsoai here at present. We must profit by tho ex perience of others, and it would not bo wit* at this time to depart from our prweat ajutott. In America there is plenty of water that if used for electrical purposes, but this woold bo one of the great disadvantages to the eyatMB in Adelaide.' THEGATVtSBWATEBWOBKH.— AitbOBMOttBff of the looal Corporation oaMoadayovoaiaf the following particulars ''?«n*f too Gawler Waterworks for tue year oadisf JttOO 30, 1S94, were received from tbe Esffiaeorin Chief :— Total cost of conetructioB,£J7,76JOt.; rate of interest debited nn nnst of ooaotf DCtioo — Bondp, 4 per cent. ; minimum aot tweaue required, 5 per cent. ; oostof tnaiatasaaotaad working expense?, £776 4s. I'd. ; oatoeat of assessment, £25,406 ; total amooat of rate* levied, £1,264; total quantity of water npplied for rates paid (exclusive of water supplied oa meter accounts), 7,003,000 faUoat; total quantity cupplied on meter aosooate, 9,906,60') gallons ; amount charged for aane, £6Sf 12i. ?Id. ; quantity of water pumped (at per aioisrs). 10,309,800 gallons ; quantity of water (applied to railway dep&rtment;, 3,698,000 galloaf; amount charged for esme, £293 7b.; total ^revenue from all Bources— charges, £2,271 ills. 7d. ; paid to Treasury, £2,034 1*. Id.: percentage of profit on oost of coaslructtoa on net income due 5 °o84 per cast* 08 iacOBM paid into Treasury 4 531 per ospt. Admiralty Cuaut SoK-AGixcr.— Hitherto Adelaide has not appeared in tbe list of places whuro a sub-agency had bees estab lished for the authorized sale of Adsuralty charts, and in official oirolee tbo dofioiesey has been noticed. Steps havetoea takea to overcome the omiaiioD, and by last asail Sir* A. E. Sawtell, of Fort Adelaide, Motived notification that he had been ef|witated by the Admiralty sub-agent for Sooth Australia and Western Australia. Tbe oorraepoadoaee has extended over nearly twelve moatbe, aad arose through oommunicatiou snfgeetiaf tbo necessity of some action being takes ffSSn Mr. J. D. Totter, the agent is Lassos to the Admiralty, and from the Seesstaty of Lloyd's, London, to their Adelaide afoste* Meaan. Elder, Smith. & Co. Tbe Matter wm referred to Mr. Sawtell, who, iaa BOSaberof communications, gave a list of artssifaitj charts kept by bim for years, aad «bo also*** ferred to the continued issue of bis 'NaatMal Almanac.' Mr. SawteU'sapposBtaMBtaoeab* agent for the two colonies daset from Noreav ber 12, and it is pleasing to eote tbat lbs authorities have recognised bk nlai—. at be haa grown with the shippiag of fioatb As** tralia since 1554. The great impersaaoe of the HydrographioDepartaBoatof tbeBrttstb Admiralty to tbe shipping of all aatiaM M little known. Their issue of ohatSI aloao amounts to 2,700, embramsf ?vory ksovs quarter of the seas. The published ebarltof the intercolonial coasts, inclodiaf Tatsuais and New Zealand, number 231, aad of floats Australia alone 30. The exp*BMof asrvoy, production, and correction moat bo janaaSM, and the general accuracy of tboebstsi lass* deniable. Sending away a Lion.— Oae of tbo oas lions born at the Zoological Gardeae vae die* patched to Melbourne by the e.e. Fitaoy OS Inesday. It was consigned by Mr. M-trhis bo Mrs. Ruasel, of Melbourne, Law axd Common Sekse.— 'Ousts,' is the Sydney Telegraph, writes :— Is Idalakls the Dther day, owing to the eztreste beat, lbs Judges in the Supreme Court took of their mgt. and administered justice boro-boadod. Permission was also given to the barrittoie to iispense with the solemn Merry Aadrowiem if horsehair and gown, so that tbo srbolo 3ourt presented the appearance of a ftMBOMta lense nineteenth century instituting. Ae a natter of sonae, this is all right eaongfc, hst ;he question is bow does it stead ae aouMer -f law. The assumption, backed byeastsrias if legal precedent, is that a Judge'aboadwbea tailed upou ta interpret the lav ie SO use mleas assisted by a horse's tail If be dost lot know his business the bone tail ssslnt lira look as though he did, and tbat haealsmya teen considered one of the first eseestiale ' owsrds maintaining the dignity of tbo Court. The same with a barrister. Ae far at SSV ire-sing ths client with the valno of bit ervicts is concerned, the wig aad flows SSffO ftento dotbo whole of tbe work. Tbe oaten* ial differenca between paying abarruter IS ull regalia and paying a mas ia aa ordiaary weed suit is tho same as baviag '?alpha** of lagnesia' prescribed for yon 'asto oib.'by dootor, and 'a dose of Epsom aalU before ireokfast' by a chemist. Still, tbo rule if bat if you want law dispensed by tbeSttprsojO 'ourt you must K»t it through tbo lajeJIf published horsehair medium, at aoso Other i supposed to be genuine. Hotr, tbes. csa a erdict obtained from a hare-beaded Jadf*, brough the agency of a wigloss aad fOwslOM arrister, be» valid one? Moreover, ia thai iBtance, one of tho Judges, bmdeeappaariaff a rational costume, is reported tv- hats flafriod fan. He might just as well bats fOSO Is rork in his shirt- sl6eves. The Lo.\g Vacation*.— Yesterday at tbe. Banco Coaro Hi* Honor Mr. Justioe Bundey was appointed Vaoation Judge. Auatecb ART.-Yoaas Mr. Edwin Land Baer, who appears to have inherited souae of the artiatio talenS of hiB great relative, has painted in oils a capital oopy of that spirited picture 'The Monarch of the Glen,' and has caught the lordly attitude and graceful pro portions of the beautiful bsast very well. Ths Drowsing Case at South-End.— Constant aoarch tor ttio body of Mrs. John CnUen, who was drowned last week whilst batninR a5 the Sonth-Knd, has been kept up (saya tho Ali'liceni Times J, bat up to date no traoo whatever ha3 boea found. On Wednes day last M.C. O'Brien visited the looality again and oxruninttd the coast in the vicinity, returning ou Wednesday uight. He took with him a quantity of dynamite, which he ex ploded as near as possible to and around th9 ?pot where Mrn. Cullen disappeared, in the hope that the concussion would bring the body to the surface. There were no resulta, how ever. Sharks are vory numerous m the neigh bourhood of Sweep Island where the accident ocenrred, and on Wednesday a party fishing there hooked about a dozen of them. There is little prospect now that the body will ba re covered. Tub Portcguese ij? ArKtCA.— While the steamer Warneal, which was recently ? at Port Adelaide, was at Delagoa Bay those on bnard had the opportunism of witnussing an atfcaok by the Kaffirs on the town of Lorenzo Marquez. The chief offijer of the Warrigal ?ays thas the steamer arrived at Delagoa Bay on Octobers with a car,jo of railway material. Nothing of no:e occurred until the morning of October 14, whim at about 0.30 the Kaffirs, who muttered 3,0'JO atron?, made on attack on the town. The majority of the Kaffirs were armed with native weapons, only a few having riling. The town had . been forDified and barricaded by the Portuguese authorities, who had munntedgunBati the acreetends, and a squad of marines from a Portuguese gunboat was landed and manned the guns. The British gunboat Thrush was at Debzon Bay to protect British interests, but her services were not required, though the English residents of Lorenzo Marquez assisted in defending the town. The Kaffirs were repulsed by the Portuguese, who expanded a great amount of powder withouc doing damage, as tho natives sustained no losa of life, while on the Portu guese side only a couple of friendly natives were killed. The Kaffira retreated about) Id xnilea into the bush, but were not pursued by the Portuguese. The Warrigal left again fot Australia on October 30, and np to that time nothing more took place ; but) the Portuguese were frightened, and expected to be again attacked. About S i0 men were expected to arrive at Delagoa Bay from Portugal abou' November 9 so quell the revolt. Fife House.— Messrs. Murdoch & Co., drapers, of JTife House, aru finding that they did the righc thing when about three months ago they crossed over Rundle street to the promises formerly occupied by Felstead & Co. Here the increased space is taken full ad vantage of, the premises being literally crowded from floor to ceiline with drapery goods of every description. The firm has inaugurated a new system of trading, for the entire front of the shop is turned into an open vestibule, in which goods are so temptingly displayed and shown by obliging assistants that one is irresistibly re.ninded of an Oriental bazaar. Inside the shop also the goods r.re arrnnged in such imposing piles that extension of premises must be ever in the minds of the firm, especially when tho large staff of assis tants are coping with the demands of cus tomers who crowd like beas round a hive. Murdoch & Co 's trade ia nothing but drapf rr, aud as the principal devotes hia whole time to buying special nnd job lines in the cheapest market, which are retailed on a strictly cash basin, the public is ensured every advantage. The Racestarting Machiki:. — In the matter of the report of the patont case White v. Gray, which appeared in Tuesday's Register, wo have been asked by Messw. Col lisanfc Co., the agents for tho Applicant, to ?tate that the evidence went to show and the Commissioner held thas theie was a difference whioh might possibly be an improvement in Gray's apparatus, and that therefore he would grant the patent ; and although the Commis sioner ordered Gray to insert a disclaimer of anything described and claimed in the ori ginal specification of White, filed on Sep tember 11, and also ordered Gray to pay eix guineas coats, tho patent is to issue without »ny amendment to the ulaimt, and the ques tion as to whether Gray's patent is an infringe ment of and will ba subject to White's remains to be tented if necessary in an action. Scotch Esteiitainment at Pbospect.— An enjoyable Scotch entertainment was given in the Wesleyan Schoolroom, Pro3peot, on Mon day, December 17, in the presence of a large audience. Mias Fowltr sanp a number of Pcotah songs in cnpital style. The Kev. J. Y. Simeon gavo his popular lcoture on 'Scotch characteristic?.' Mr. Toms manipulated the lantern, and oxhibitpd Heveral splendid views of Scotch ecunery, kindly lent by Mr. A. W. Dobbie. Matuse Excursions — Tha steamnr James Comrie has boeu placed on the berth by Mr. E. V. Littlo for a holiday excursion to Kangaroo Island. The vowel will leave Port Adelaide For Hng Bay and Qasonsclifffl next Saturday morning, returning on Chiistmna Eve. There will bB excursion fares. The ?tunmer Ceres will also be run on excursion trips to Stansbury and Port Vincent during the Christmas) holidays. Christmas Cauds.— At Gay's Arcade a special stall ha9 been erocted for the display of Christmas cards received by tho last mail by Messrs. Reeves L po. There are also the latest London novelties, which are to be ob tained at moderate prices. Broke:; Hill Water Sct'plt.— The Engi neer reports chat the total rise at Stephen's Creek Reservoir, due to rodent rains, has been 7 feet 11 inches— equal to 572,500,000 gallons. Geohgk Gjffkk Fern— Bob Subscription, £1 U ; C. B. H., £1 Is. 