SPORTING. vBy 'Mascotte. * The scratching* for tho Now Year meet* ing are W&kool; and Tomboy out of the First Trot, and West Britton from tho Hurdle Baco. : The bills of fare prepared bv tho various district clubs for the festive season arc both tasto of the most fastidious racing con noisseur. On BoxintrDay, the Temperancc Gala Sports gathering will be decided on tho park oval. For tho Sheffield Handicap, I lino tho chanccs of Sadler, i/ews, ami Cox, and this trio, with E. Bell for a cock boat, should fight out the battle for the Societies Handicap. The handicaps for ' these events hiwe oecn adversely criticised in bowo pedestrittu circles, but it remains to I be seen who is in the right. For a hiudi. capper to pleaso everybody, lie would soon meet the unenviable fate of theiuantheass and-tlie-bridge. Athlctic sports will also bo held at Maude and Oxley on Boxincr Day, where liberal programmes have been ar ? ranged. The sport of kings — horsc-racing ? —will be indulged in with great zest at Mossgiel, G unbar, Adelaide Lamp, und j; Warble Arch, but us I am not in touch with ^ tlie form of the horses at these places, I will ^ not venture a tip. The Whitton meeting takes place to-day, and with a start, I like vj Boss Tailor and Rising Sun for the double. ? The Carrathool races take place on tho 28th ? inst, and I have perused the list of weights } prepared by Mr Jas. Price. It is hard to ) predict owners' intentions, but if the party behind Merchantman elect him to go for tho !?; prize, I don't see what is to stop him from | winning the double, or he is certainty tho W top sawyer up country at present. Iu his g absence, Kinderspiel and Fortress may ^ Ijo tho ucxt bcafc j with Mamba for u cook boat in tho first ovent, | Pedestrians aro reminded that aceep | tancei for the principal eveuts to be dc cidcd at the Temperance Gala Sports closo ? to-morrow night, at 0 p.m. The trophies to be competed for are now on view at Mr Hirsch's. Tho Booligal meeting takes place to-day. The local mare First Hose should go close on landing the double. Tattersall's Billiard Tournament, like the ! brook, 'goes on for ever.' I expect to chroniclc the winner somo day. Messrs B. H. Andrew and G. Bamstetter arc two local knights of the metallic who I havo books open on the New Year Meeting at clastic odds, The tonsorial artist, who ouly bets in a modest way, and not ou levia* than principles, is making a speciality of' the 'two trots.' Mr W. R. Wilson has had a^btartinp machine erected on his private training j track ut St. Albans. j Mr A. W. Robertson has been appointed j a member of the V.R.C. committee in place j of Donald Wallaco, resigued. I Laundress and Disparity are most funcied ] for the Standish Handicap iu the doubles, and Burrabari, Quiver, and Nadu, for the I JJagot. With a view, no doubt, to saving funeral expenses, Brewer has given the j hurdle-racer Pro Consul away. Mr Allan the vet. hus pronounced the horse's death sentence. His throat is gradually closing up from cancer. The welUknowu racing man, Mr D. Grcenaway, has sought tno protection of the Insolvent Court iu Melbourne. His liabilities are over £17,000, and the assets are stated as under .€-00. i Thut wonderful little geldiug Paris is again electrifying the touts at Raudwick. With this 14 racing machine' and Uabl a, Alsopp promises to be very hard to beat in the Summer Cup, and if anything puts his light out, perhaps it will be The Trier or nightingale, It is probable that Bruin will be sent to America. The racehorso Donizetti is to be put into trainiug at Charters Towers, and will be sent to the stud next season. News comes from America that Strom, boli is again being put into trainiug, aud seems to have recovered from the illness which attacked him at the end of last winter. i The Anti-Gambling League evidently in \ tend to ' go for the English Jockey Club : next. Eminent counsel have been retained i to get up a case, and if the matter ever comes ? to a head the club will have to get to work ! ou its own account, aud fight the battle I tooth and nail. I The betting market over the Sydney j Summer events is in a state of stagnation, § in a great measure owing to the stoppage of £ country letters to bookmakers in Sydney, s This arbitrary proceeding has kept a lot of \ money out of the. market, and caused no \ eud of inconvenience to speculators who \ wish to back their fancy for a modest pouud \ or two. | 44 Augur's Ghost' says the idea has :- got abroad in Nanmdera that Merchantman £ will bo reserved for the Cootamundra Cup. P The same well iufortued writer slates that M the Sunrise horse Sunshower has got march ing orders- for the southern capital after Christmas. ^ 44 Jem ' Smith, a prize.fighter, recognised for.many years as champion of Eugland, is . dead. % , I hear (says 'Augur's Ghost') that tho y bay gelding Sir Reginald, 4yra, is a cut f{ above the average. When it is known that p lie belongs t'o the Brewer family, and thot j| he is en route to Melbourne, otic cannot help thinkiug of Kbor, who ran at the iace3 m - around here last year, and the way he wou gs at Whitton. It is nut unlikely th:it he will £ follow in Khor's footsteps. I Jim Buck has- Boss Tailor, K irly Morn, and Silver Koac iu hand at Xarandera. The latter is not yet in uolive training, but when well I believe she o:ui make tiie bt-st of 'em sit up over short courses, and i* the qucon of tho Naraudera turf. Ted Curran rides for the stable. There is a likelihood of a cricket match being arranged between a team of aborigines from the mission Btat ion and a local eleven after the holidays, the match to bo played on tho local ground. T linvn infntmi.ul litr ing single cricketers that the bachelors aro just now very anxious to give tlie somewhat handicapped married men another chance to display their ability on the cricket field, aud would like very much to arrange a match for Anniversary Day. This player hopes that tho bencdicts will endeavour to get their best team together, so that the match will prove interesting. The result of tho iirst test match between tho Australians and the ICuglishmen is a very remarkable instance of the 4- glorious' uncertainty of cricket. A great deal of interest was takeu in this very sensational match locally, und its progress keeuly watched. When the announcement was made on Wednesday evening that the colonials Sad wiped oil* 113 out of the 177 wanted, it was heralded with much satis faction, aud the result looked upon as a 41 dead bird'' for the Australians. Aud the news of their sudden collapse aud eventual defeat on a sodden wicket came as a great surprise. It has rarely occurred that tho Australians have been lieaten after securing a substantial lead in their first innings, most ? of their victories over the Englishmen hav ing beeu gaiued^ after a desperate up-hill struggle. The Euglishmeu generally seem, too, to get on the right sido of tho weathor In tho majority of these mutches. 