SOME STBANGE STOEEES. Miss Alice Quaeby, rs~ the Argosy/' Those of ns who stumble at belief in the supernatural, may find it easier to discuss mysteries when the term super material is used. Those who are not ashamed to acknowledge that inexpli cable things do happen, can claim fel lowship with a goodly host- The writer of this paper will relate nothing herein that is not true and absolutely worthy of trust within personal experience,1 or that of well-inown or excellent friends. A clever divine was, for many years, rector of a country parish, and built, for his own convenience, a handsome parsonase, fitting up therein a library, replete with every literary luxury, aiid rich in com fortable appliances. Here he, for the most part, lived for a long period, and within those four delightful walls were written the books and pamphlets which eventually raised him to the dignity of a bishop. A iicv.' and more stately house became his happy home again, while the parish hehad vacated fell into the hands of another. Some years passed. The new vicar of the country parish was one day writing- his sermon within the closed doors of the bishop's old library, now more modestly called " the study." He was disturbed by hearing a hoarse, dis tressed voice exclaiming, "Mary I Mary I" The speaker seemed at his elbow, yet the room had no second occupant; and the double doors shut off extraneous noises. As he looked abont in surprise, the call for "Alary . Alary!" came more urgently still. He rose and went to the window. The sun was shining. All was quiet without- Ho one was in sight. He resnined tis 011.. iz Old not progress, liowever. He had hardly taken up his pen when he laid it down again. Drip, drip, drip, as of some liquid slowly flow ing disturbed him now. " Bain drop ping off the eaves, anal thought it had been fine all the morning 1" he mut tered, again going to the window. His impression had been correct. The day was glorious, and he could not discover whence or whore the dropping came from. Xet he distinctly heard tins dnp, drip, drip. A little later he learned that, at the . sauie - hour, on this very day, his predeces sor had committed suicide, under the stress of some sudden brain-pressure; fhatbebad hoarsely called bis wife Mary, and that she, alas! bad not come to bis assistance until tlie life-blood bad dripped away. This most strange j occurrence was related direct to the j narrator by the person to whom it occurred. There is .a lonely, lovely, darkly shadowed lake in Ireland called Bough Derg, famous alike for good fishing and sudden squalls. My friend ■went to spend a fortnight with an aunt, whose'house -was near the water. Her rector lived on the opposite shore. They were all at lunch one wild October day. •ivhen the lady looting up from her plate suddenly exclaimed: ""Why, there are the.C. boys coming up the (hive I what a day for them to venture across the late; and we have eaten up everything !" She left the table, and went to the Idtehen to order the hasty preparation of some fresh dish for the coming guests. Her daughter and nephew crossed the room, stood at the window, watching the young men approaching, and commenting npon the habit the elder youth had of swinging his arm as he walked, hly friend then went and opened the hall-door to admit these frequent guests, that there might he no delay in their entrance on snch a blustering day, : the servants being occupied with their mistress, who at this moment came forward from the hack of the house. " "Well, where are: they r " she inquired, going to the door. " Hot here ! Ob, I know their tricks!. They are hiding round the corner just to make us hunt and feel foolish. They are a pair of scamps!" But they were not round the corner, nor visible any longer in any dircction. The home partv lied 'X couch"!" yomiS imaids had ouanged their minds and given up the purposed visit for some other expedition. However, in a couple of hours, they were horrified to hear of a terrible boat acci dent, The rectors sons had been rowing themselves across the lake, iutendihg to lunch with their friends, when a sudden squall overturned their boat, and both were drowned. There is an old town in Ireland still surrounded with walls. It is noted as the centre of a rebellious district. It was also in ancient days a favorite spot for concealing smuggled goods, being intersected with- secret passages and underground rooms. Buined castles and modern abbeys, monasteries and convents abound. It is rierhaps as well to make this statement: although it has, so far as we, the leading actors iu the matter, are aware, nothing to do with the story. One of our home party was ordained and he came the curate of a rich aud kind old rector here. A local bankerformerly had this house, hut was shot dead on his own doorstep in the midst of a Fenian out break. Having been nearly a month in residence the curate called one day at the i police station to ask that some patrolling j should be done outside his dwelling, as runaway knocks annoyed the j servant at night. ' "All right," sir. I'll look after them hoys," was the cheerful response. Sleeting the constables a few days later, however, the curate re proached them. " I really wish you would come our way sometimes at night," he said. ""We are quite tor mented. The annoyance goes on up to near midnight." The sergeant stared. ""Why, sir," he said, "my men have been about every evening since, and have seen no one. To-night I will put one of them indoors, if you like. With two outside we are sure io catch them." They did not, however, although the knocking was kept up vigorously- The knocking soon changed its venue, as well as it character. Four bedrooms opened off a small landing. Some frightens/! person seemed to be within one or another of the rooms, usually within one occupied by the curate's sister and the young do mestic, who refused to remain under pre sent circumstances if compelled to sleep "alone- The knocking began now on the door with a tone as of one anxious to get out. The urgency and sound of the entreating knocks increased until the noise seemed created by an iron hammer, vigorously used. On opening the door no cause could be discovered. . Fifteen persons were assembled one night' en .deavoring to catch the ghost by systematic search, but all in vain. The disturbance would go on until two and three o'clock on some occasions. Soft footsteps ■ were also heard pattering up and • down the short, steep stairs, down which .also tumbled at intervals cart loads of invisible coal or stones. A youug policeman lied from the house one night ill: pallid terror,, declining ever again to seek to unearth. unearthly enemies. Through it all the young curate and bis sister eiideuvotWI +- ■ a Brave heart, even going so far as to hold a service witbinthe walls to exorcise the spirits, if sj»irits they were. He ivrote to his predecessor iu office, and learned from him that thohonse had been so uncanny that it was quite too inueh for him and his wife. They lxad left the place as soon as possible. While this went on the old rector "came down one day on a tour of inspection, certain he could truck the ghost. He could not, but advised the curate, to make bis sister change her bedroom ; as within her pre sent apartment he had visited ■ a former tenant dvinir a very terrible death. This advice was taken, and undoubtedly when this particular chamber was vacated, the disturbances abated, although the bouse was never as other houses. • • Tlic Countess of Badnoris organising, for charity.a hand of_ instrumentalist composed of titled ladies. : . 