'I AUE VERNON'S VISIONS. ruH incidents forming the network of the c 'ollowinOgingularstory occurred under my i own observations, so I shall use the first per son ia relating them. *GraceVernone as a dreamer. Perhaps I an too matter-of fact to appreciate a nature like his, h'bt asmuch asoI esteemed him it was often a bore ito have him come intomy offie and sit for an hour at a time in a semi Eleeig stat te to suddenly spring to his feet exclasiming: s'. B' Jove I I almonb caught it t" s ' Caught what!" I would ask, if Inoticed e his exclamation enough to speak, for it got ee common at last that I was apt to ignore him. " Why, the fairest scene a man ever gaed I upon., It seemed a tropical garden teeming" i S'Bosh, Grace "-he had been given his mother's , miden name-"you have been s dreaming is sualL ' f " I tell you, Wald, it was no dream. One I of the fairest spots on earth seemed to float before my eyes, only there was a sort of t atmospheric haze partially obscuring my I vision.: But I see clearer each time. I believe the time will come when I can sit at home and gae on scenes far away." At anothsr time he would see some per- 1 son, and one day I remember of haring him exclaim ,as he recovered frem a trance-like e spell : ,t "By Jove, isn't she beautiful? Ah I that t women shall be my wife if I have to search theworld over to find her." W a? t nonsense has come over your brain t "The loeliest woman Iever saw, Wald. Let me describe her. She was tall and fair, I with a form of willowy. suppleness and a pensive, languid look that I shall never for- a get. I met my fate." "Yes, but where will you look for her?" 1 "I will'find her; I mustI It was a country scene in which she stood, though to I be honest I did not notice her surroundings c very much,Iwasso entranced with her. One thing I did notice. Therewasa honse stand. I ing on the shore ofl a sheet of water, dotted i hero' and there with sail boats. It was a summer resort on one of our lakes, I am c cure." I saw less of Grace for the next three a months than heretofore, and casually I learned he was out of town the most of the I time. Some time in September he rushed into my office, exclaiming in his impetuous way "Congratulat me, old fellow. My pro phecy bas come true and Iam the happiest s murtal in the seven States." At first 'I could not imagine what he I meant, but when he becamecalmer I learned thak he had found the object of his dreams ; 1 that she had proved all he had pictured, and a that hii iild love for her was reciprocated. a "Perhaps you willlaugh at me again," he a cried. ,"My visioi.,came true in every I respect, as I expected it would. She was e stopping at a reseri on Lake George, but her house is in Oldhim, Mass. I want you to seeeher. y " The best of it is ehs believes that I saw her on that afternoon, and she says she felt that some' invisible person was looking at her. She has even had visions herself, though not so far advanced as mine. Itell a you, with such a sympathetic associate as efTe, who can tell what may not come to He was in no condition to receive advice I from me then, and all that winter he seemed , crazed with his love. He was never happy unless talking of his Dura, and he claimed that if he wanted to se her at any time all he had to do was to go into one of his trances I tried to reason with him, and to show what the result must be if he continued to i give way to this mental excitement. I In the spring, at his urgent requast, I accompanied him on a visit to the house of hiefjidn.e ; 'It was a pretty place, and I judged that 1 her folks were in comfortabls circumetonces. I Dura Howard, as I had'anticipated., was of that same dreii;e, melkncholy cast of mind as Grace Vernon. I was morry to find this so, as I could see' only evil to come from such a union. She had a brother. elder than she, who was her opposite, being of a lively. excitable nature. My stay at Oldham was made very pleasant, and I went away vrery favourably impiessed with the Howards and with my friend's choice for a wife. The course of true love seemed to run very 'imoothly. and there was nothing worthy of my record until the last of May, when Dora Howard's brother rushed into my.offca and asked me where Grace Vernon was etopping. hold him; then. asked for the folks. "Is it possible that you are not aware that I Ddra has uleft home, and none of us know I whdre she has gone ?" I assured him that such was the case, and furthermore I could not ee how he should I think I was. " But she went off with that friend of yours. Let me findhihin and he'll give a ratiefactory explanatii or he'll know the reason why." Be was fearfully escited, and I tried to pacify himn with poor success. Itseemed that a little after sunnet the day I before he and his father and mother had eseenDuor leave thie house to meet her lover at the l . '. Though -he had not been expected by them, nothing strange was thought of the visit;aiid no uneasiness was felt over her absence, until the evening began to grow lateand she did not return. . In the midst of our conversation Grace entered, and, though surprised at Mr. Howard's unexpected presence, he greeted him cordially. S-" Where's Dram!" le cried fiercely. "At home well, and-my God, Tom I has anythidg happened to her"' "You should knowe of all others, and nless you explain this outrageous affair satisfactoril I'll take the matter into my own hande. Through my. interference violent action was averted, and when I explained the situation Grace was asesurprised as I had been. " Wily, I haven't been out of town for a week, and I can' prove it by your friend I could assert that he certainly could not have been in Oldhoamiat.the time of Dam's Vhat has ben Dura's fate, then?'" gaspd Tom Howard: ' This was a startling question towards the solution of which we could offer no sugges tion. Grace was fairly. wild with grief. He would not believe she -had gone off volun tarily. If not she must have been abducted. -" Ilearned from her brother that she had no former loer, and was not known to have an enemy. It was a singular, ase of die appearance. Someone had met her at the gate o nearly like Grace Vernon that three witnesses had beein deceived, though tey had seen the man's face as'plainly as the gathering dusk wonld permit. A rapid Pand rigid search followed, butat the end of the week we were as much in the dark regardier Drum Howard's fate as ever. Ir, thiot time Grace Vernon had grown haggarol ad wild-eyed. I ruoldee that he would nobtlong withstand the suspense. I tried to reaeon with him in vat. ni?oth?r wenk paosei and siDl no tidinoge from" the neiiong one. Her parents were nearlty hI?itbkirken and were beginning to lsee typ" - . " The rfie morning of the:thlird week Grace nam?'uoihing into myoff nleryinlg- :"I have seen her I ha"~veen her!" Ase soon'as I could get hii calm enough to talk endileestedinaly I leae-ed thae he had ans hirihie a vision the nighlt before. • I . nw: haoes pleinly as ?elee you now," b e said.?'' '8howi'wo'otdidio:o at the Wiudow of a large two-storey house situated min the country. I saw ever? fact of the scene clearly, and noted each particular. " Whatever may be the reason of her being there, I am sure she is well ,naed, and you can't imagine the burden that discevery has lifted frem my mind. " But I shall not rest until I find the place." He described it then very minutely, and went away feeling much better than I had I seen him for a long time. I will confess thatafter what I had seen and heard I was c ataloss to come to any rational conclusion. a Six weeks more followed, during which I did not see Grace, though I heard from him eccasionally and knew that he was pur suing his wild-goose chase with unremitting fidelity. About that time I was called into the country, and while stopping at the village hotel in D-, among other things lying on the table I aw a faded photograph of as old farmhouse. You may imagine with what eagerness I examined it when I tell yeou that it gave a faithful representation of the place described by Grace Vernon in his dream. Satisfying myself that it was correct in the smallest detail, I soummsoned the landlord with an excitement I could net suppress. Didhe know the place Certainly ; it i was his old homestead, but his mother-ln law was living there then. In answer to my inquiries he said that a strange woman had been stopping there for i two months or more, and from his descrip tion I judged her to be Dura Howard. Before seanding to Grace, however, I resolved to be certain, so I visited the place the next day. though to my surprise he did not know me, nor did she have any recollection of the past beyond the time she had been there. Mrs. Brooks, the lady with whom she was stopping, said she had come there asking for work, and, as she seemed honest, she had hired her without cking any questions. I sent for Grace, ad at sight of him she I burst into tears, declaring that he held her mind in bondage. Her excitement increased, and by the time we had got her home he was in a ] rging fever. Forea long timeDura's life was despaired of, but when she began to recover her mind was clear enough, except as far as her dis appearance was concerned. I was glad to notice a decided change In her manner, and from her former quiet, melancholy way she grew into a cheerful, vivacious maid. Poor Grace was nearly heartbrokenat first I when he found that she had formd an I attachment for bIrs. Brooke's son, btt he bore the disappointment far better than I had expected. I am sure it was the salvation of them both. He has since wooed and won a more suitable companion, and has entirely for. saken his old visionary ways. Perhaps I someone who has analysed more carefully the great principle of life can explain themysteryt of Grace Vernon's visions or whatever term I you may apply to them. Cain you my reader. A 'DOUBLE CRIME. HE wholesale produce and commissian store of Mr. 'Purvis, on Delaware avenue, near Vine-street, was robbed ea the night of October 17, 1865. The safe had been opened apparently by false keys, and upwards of 9,000 dollarain greenbacks were abstracted. A package of bonds, to the amount of 3,000 dollars more, remained untouched. Two clerks, both young men, usually slept in the store. August Yerkes had been in the employ of Mr. Harrison Purvis.for about four years, and enjoyed theconfdence of his employer. Pembroke Sharon, the other clerk, had only recently been taken, but the manner in which he took holdof the business impresaed' Mr, Purvis no much in his fawour' that he predicted. a successful future for the young man, as a, very able salesman and ultimate prominent merchant. Udder this impression he placed implicit trust in Sharon,and selected him as a com panion for Yerkes in the store at night. Both of these young men werein the stare the night that the robbery occurred; but when the place was opened in the morning, Sharon was missing and Yorkes lay on the floor near the safe with a serious gash on the side of hise head, which had been bleeding profusely, judging by the amount it blood on the floor. The unfortunate youngman had evidently endeavoured to stanch the blood, for his hands were stained aswell as his clothes. By the disoreder in the office and th, numerous blood stains both on the floors and walls, it was evident that a desperate struggle must have taken place. It was conjectured from this that Sharon, having provided himself with false keys, had opened the safe, and been surprised by his fellow clerk in the midst of his work, who in turn dealt him the blow near the temple, and then, after a severe struggle between them, Yerkes fainted from loss of blood, and the robber fled with his booty. Varnos, a detective, and a physician were at once sent for, and while Dr. Edson attended to his patient, the detective examined the premises with his usual eare fulness, particularly the second floor, and returning to the lower floor found that Yerkes had recovered, and eat in an arm chair with a bandage around his head. " Well. Mr: Vernoe, what have yen dis covered V' said Mr. Purvia. "Ifind that the robber has been to the second floor,"replied the detective, "possibly he has taken some valuables from there as welL" The merchant hastened up.stairs, but presently returned, saying that nothing had been disturbed or removede as far sa be could see. " Whatever his object may have been, I am positive that he visited the second floor after the bloody struggle had teken place." Then Yerkes gave the following account: He awoke suddenly and found that Sharon had left the bed, and, fearing that come mis hap had overtaken him, he lit a paraffin candle by the small gas-jet in the room and began to search for him. -.Note finding him on the.second floor he 6tfetur-l: to the first floor, and discovered him before the open safe. They saw each other at the same moment, and Sharon was spellbound at being discovered in hIs crimi nal act. Then began the struggle, the evidence of which was so plainly applarent. Sharon being the stronger of the two, soon overpowered his opponent, and threw him so violently on the floor that he became iosensible. Varnoe listened with rapt attention to the end, then made a few notes in his book, after wlich iewalhed cut of the store with his eyeh bent on the floor before hin., until he reached the street; then, after cnsting hi eyen ssarchingly around on the g?ound, he owaled over to the dock ad geed i,,to the water in a thoughtful manner. When he returned to the store and rejoined the others in the office, it was with a grave coutenance. "cb. Purvis, the robber has evidently escaped by way of the river, as the blood tracts reach to the dock." All eyes were now directed towards the wounded man, who had suddenly grown pale. He opened his mouth as iftosay nomething. but fell back with r gran and fainted away. IWhilethe doctor was applyin restora tices to his charee, the detective drew Mr. Purvis away to the rear of the store, and remained there for half an hour in comverea tion with him, and judging by his frequent exclamations he most have been astoniehed by what the detective told him. Re-entering the offic., they found Yerkes still unconscious, and at the suggesoion of r Varno hbe was taken to the hopitaL.-, \- . . . . . . yoea point out to me the lothes ueually worn by Mr. Sharon while on duty at the store I' "Certainly, sir," replied the gentleman, "that is easily dones, and he went to the closet where'the clerks keps their outer garents. He examined the clothing with gasps of surprise. "'What is it?" said Varne, when Mr. Purvis laid the garments on the bed. V "As I live, Sharon has not only left his coat and vest behind, but his pants well," said Mr. Purvis. in bewilderment. '"That is singular said the detective, r exchanging glancea with the physician. "It is rather puzzling, in fact, when you bear in n mind that Mr. Yerkes, when found, was o folly dressed, while the thief left his pants behind." pointing to a pair beneath the bed. " Yeou will please see whether Mr. Sharon left anything valuable in his pockets." h avery pocket was examined. There was found a valuable watch and chain, a trifle over five dollars in a wallet, a penknife, peacil, memorandum, etc., etc. t "Retain there articles, Mr. Purvi , and kebang ths garments up." said the detective. "Ihare another surprise here." Varene removed the bedclthe, leaving t the mattress bare. A number of bloody a finger marks stained it along a seam tena inches in length. "I ee what yo are driving at," cried a Purvis, as he scanned the seam. "Yout mean that the thief has hidden his plunderb in the mattrsas." "I think so, at all events," was the reply,a as he ripped the seam with his knife. Inserting his hand, he drew forth the a package of greenbacks. They were intact, Mr. Purvis said, after examining the seals.L 'I-deo'r- kemw ht'ta fS'tbeinafr ti-tb gentleman, hopelessly. "I declaremyhead aches trying to divine the motive for thiswe most extraordinary crime." "Think a I do." "' What is that Y' " Why, that Sharon, instead of being the thief, is the thief's victim, which accounts for his leaving his outer garments behind. I He evidently surprised the rascal, and in a tussle with him he murdered Sharon,c dragged him acrose the street and threw him Into the river." "Then you really expect Yerkes is the thiefY' asked the merchant, greatly a agitated. "I am sure he is net only the thief, but a probably murderer also." "Oh, the wretch I" cried the merchant, assionately, "and in my heart I admired his bravery, while I pitied him for what he had endured in endeavouring to protect my property. I am perfectly convincedi that you have hit on the right mao," con tinued Mr. Puris. "If he knew of this he might give us the slip. The next thing to I be done is to use every means in our power to recover the body of poor Sharon." "Poor, indeed, since all the clothes hehas n his back are not his own," spoke a vice I from behind them. All looked at the speaker, who wore an I old seaman's suit, and looked as though be had just recovered from a severs fit of sick Something in the tone of his voice struck a chord in the breast of the merchant. He approached the man and asked eagerly:- "Who are you I" '" My name is Pembroke Sharon." :In a moment he was surrounded by the trio, who congratulated him on his escape I from death. He requested permission to assume his proper dreas, after which he oluld tell exactly what had occurred during the past night. Hie story was very similar to the one told by Yerkes, with this difference-the peai tions war changed. It wa Sharon who surprised the other in front of the open safe inthe act of stowing is his pockets the greenbacks alluded to. It was Sharon who denounced the act, and Yerkes, both angry and frightened to he thus detected, picked rp a papor weight and hurled it at his fellow clerk, striking Sharon on the head, inflicting a ghastly wound, from which he fainted, and knew no more until he awoke onboard vessel near the navy yard. He was told that they picked him up in the river. SThe captain and his two men had beet te the theatre, and were returning in a boat to the vessel, when a white object floating on the water attracted their attention, and they made for it and drew the apparently dead man into the boat and took him on board the vessel, where his wants were at once attended beto. When Yerkes' version was related to him he laughed derisively, and was on the point of making a remark when familiar fosotepe were heard asceedinc the stair. . "By Heaven, I hliovae it is August Yerkes I' whispered Sharon, as he hastily entered the closet and closed the deor. SHe was none toe soon, for the next moment Yerkes walked briskly up to where the three men stood. Something in their faces told him something was amies--sme thing to his disadvantage, too. "You are probably surprised to see me here again," remarked he, for want of some thing else to say. " We are indeed I" replied Mr. Purvis, regarding him with an ominous look. "Yoo all appear. o be anything but pleased to see me,"next remarked the rubber and would-be assassin. "On the contrary, we are very glad to see youe," spoke the detecttive, with an ambigu. Glancing at the detective with a sceptical air, Yerkes walked to the closet'and opened the door, and the next moment h." uttered a fearful shriek and started back with his hair standing oen end, and.hi face the colour of ashes. He had seen las his guilty conscience told him) the ghost of his victim, for Sharon remained in the closet, perfectly immovable, his eyes fixed on the guilty wretch. The horrid vision was too muck for his brain to endure. Yerkes became a raging maniac from that moment, and became so violent that the detective was obliged to manacle him hand and foot and again take him to the hospital, from whence he was shortly afterward conveyed to the insane department of the almshouse. Pembroke Sharon was generously recom penred by his employerfor his heroic attempt to prevent the robbery, and promoted to a responsible position in the store, which he filled with credit both to himself and his grateful employer. Yerkeslived about ayearafter his confine mert, and died a ravingmaniac; a terrible retribution for hisattempt to fasten the crime on an innocent person.. A FAITHFUL MESSENGER. IN the month of February of a very severe winter, as Mr. Boistead's son, of Great Salkeld. in Cumberland, was looking after his father's sheep on Great Salkeld Common, notfar from Penrith, he had the misfortune to fall and break his leg. He was thenthree I miles from home, with no person within call, undereningevery fastapproaching. Under the inepulre nrising from the desperate cir I cumetance of li?c itaation. he rolded upcne of his gloves in his handkerchief, tied this tboOt the n.ck of hic dog. and ndered him Dogs which are trained to an attendance no flocks are known to be under admirable eubjection to their masters, and execute their orders with .n intelligence erc-ely to be conceived. The animal etl off, and on aI rriving at the house scratched at the door foradmittance. Theparents wereralanred e at his appearance, and concluding, upon taking oni and untoldine the handkerchief, that some accident had befallen their con, I they instantly set of in search of him. The doeg needed no solicitation. Apparently en" sible tht thle chief part of his duty was still to be perforoed, he led the way, and con i ducted the anoious par nts directly to the -pot where their son had fallen. Theyouxog cnmn was taben home, acd, the necessary aid I being procured, he was soon in a fair way to recorery. Nor was he everafterwards murepleasantlyemployod than when reciting tIr e anecdote, so illustrative of the sagacity tad &delity; ot hb QIElU.Pt QP iP e s. - 