[?] ROIAIGEOFTHREEip. [By G-eetbtjde Wahden.]. , Ohapteh XVIIL-t-Parted.— Con- tinued. '?:-,-.. 'They won't eend for a constable, Doctor Bushby,' he cried, almost as soon as the littie practitioner uwlo his appearance. .'I go in constsmt fear of my life through this co.us'n of mine. He quarrelled v^ith me, on my return, because I complained of his making love to my wife, and we had a scuffle in the -drawing-room. Louisa, there, was a witness to it, and iny mother, too. They shall be forced to swear to it. And Margaret and ' my mother are witnesses against Maurice as to this second attempt. 'What, is that you say — I am not to excite my self ? What !? when I . am lying ? here bruisedand, wounded, and not a soul in -'this . houseful of , knaves^ and fools will send, for a police officer, that I might ; have ; the brute who assaulted me arrested, you talk to me about not exciting myself. I tell you, if the fellow isn't locked up before this time to-morrow, I'll get up out of bed, and lodge information against him myself, if I have to crawl all the way to the town.' Little Doctor Bushby, keeping at a discreet distance from his irascible patient, drew down upon himself ; the title of ' pettifogging fool ' by his well-, meant endeavours to soothe .the wounded man. ;(.»',? ' ' It's really— er— like visiting an asylum,' he confided to his wife, ^dur ing the course of the day. ? An ^ex ceeding mad old lady, most strangely dressed and painted. Yes, ' there's really no doubt about it, she is pain ted, and a' handsome, foreign-looking per son, who never speaks, but who sits by the' window,' looking like a ghost in a* manner that— er— makes brie . feel really most uncomfortable ; tnen.'a fair haired gentleman in spectacles, ' who appears to take no interest whatever in the whole matter, and who, when I turned to him to report as to the patient's progress, exclaimed, 'In Heaven's name, sir, don't discuss the case with me. How can it possibly concern me what becomes of him?' Strange— ve-ry strange, was it not? The big, fine young fellow, whom I used to meet out walking with his dog so often, ?, has left the place since he' was accused of the attempted murder; and as to the domestics, they really— er— I must say it, are the most pecu liar lot of people I ever saw. ; A .sort of deaf mute presides at the lodge, and — er— a most wicked-looking old woman nurses Mr Fentori, while another most objectionable female, whom they call Louisa, opens the door, arid distinctly in my hearing yesterday, before my back was turned, called me 'an old muddler.' 'An old mud dler,' my dear ; those were her exact words. They want a straight waist coat apiece at Stoneroyd, upon my wbrd.' ????:'???? ' Late in the afternoon, Felice's . first chance of escape 'occurred. ?After numberless threats and muttered instructions, old Margaret at length yielded to ber master's authority, and set off in search of the police-officer who was to hear Robert's statement. ?Before quitting the house, however, by his orders she turned the Icey of the bedroom, imprisoning Felice with her husband who laughed maliciously from his sickbed at the expression of vexation, which flitted, over his wife's face. . ? 'You thought, when Margaret had. gone, ;Tpu could give us the slip, and be oft to |wurn Maurice,' he sail. 'Nevermind, you can be present at the, trial when it conies eff, and admire him in the prisoner's dock !' But, as the daylight fa«'eil out of tbe sky, Robert, under the serial ive influence of hit* medicine, gradually left off talking and groaning, aud *ank into a df(i[- sleep. Half an hour had elapsed since Margaret's departure ; Felice knew this by coDsfnnt ylaaces at her watch, which lay on the dressing-Table beside. As (he minute hand pointed to the quarter to seven, she rose lightly and swiftly from her seat, and, after pausing to take one long look at the occupant of the bed to assure herself that his sleep was genuine and profouud, she drew aside the curtain which hung over the door com municating with the dressing-room, and softly' tried the handle. ? The door was locked, but she could hear footsteps moving about on tbe other side, and in a few seconds; her subdued scratching at the panel brought someone to a standstill in tb,e dressing-room. , ., 'Is it Felice ?' whispered Lady Fenton's voice. ?. ? ; 'Yes; Tell me where to find the key. ,, Quick! quick!' .??-;?- -!?? ' 'On the shelf in; the cupboard.' ' ' ; : With fingers which trembled with excitement, Felice fitteij the. liey , in the lock, her forehead growing niojst and clammy with fear the while lest the sound should awaken 'Robert. ; Once inside the dressing-room, she rushed to where her cloak and h^t were hanging, and, seizing them, she was making her way from the room, when Lady Frenton laid a bony, detaining hand upon her. arm. ' Where are you going ?' she whispered. 'Are you going to run away V ?/.'?. ;: 'No, no ! Oh,|don't stop me ! He— iRobert, I mean— has gent Margaret to fetch a police-officer, that he may take down ins statement, and get Maurice arrested... And it cannot be — it must not be 1 I must find Maurice, and warn him !' Lady Fenton peered curiously into Felice's face by the dim light. ' It is true, then, what he says ?' she murmured, jerking her head in the direction of the sick room. 'And you love Maurice?' '?? Even in tte dusk she could see the crimson flush of anger on Felice's face as she shook herself free of her mother-in-law's hold. ' How can you — 4iow dare you — - how dares anyone say such things to me?1 she panted out. ' Do you want him to be taken and tried for a crime which I, for one, will not believe that he committed, and all the miserable secrecs of this terrible house dragged' to the light, while Maurice's liberty is lied away by the spite of such a mad man as my husband and your son ?' Lady Fenton fell back a step. Felice's sudden passion, the flame of a long-smouldering fire, took her altogether by surprise. ' What miserable secrets do you mean ?' she asked slowly. Felice stamped her foot impatiently. if I cannot waste words now,' she said. ' Every moment is precious. If Robert should wake, or if Margaret should inquire for me, put them off: with some story, anything you like, to: give me time!' : She was at the top of the stairs by' this time, with Lady Fenton closely folio wiDg her.: ,..'..-.?, , ? ' Do you know where Maurice is ?' the latter inquired. ? « No ; but I will find him !' She was certain she could do this. The very Btrength of her determination geemefl to ensure the fulfilment of her intention. If she had to patrol the streets of Olofield, crying aloud his name, like Becket's Saracen ancestress of old, she would find him. and warn him to escape. .. v .^ ,, ' So sure was she thatT it seemed in no way surprising to her, after she had sped like a slow flying bird down the long drive and through the lodge gates, that the very man of whom she was in search should bar her way, standing immediately in front of her, as though conjured there by her will. ' Mrs Fenton ! Is he better ?' 'Hush! Don't speak here. We may be interrupted at any moment. Come, this wav; farther, farther up the road, out of eight of tbe house !' No oDe ' was in sight along the lonely road. She ran on ahead of him for some few minutes, and then, when . a turn of the road brought them bet ween open fields on either side, with the old mill not far ahead, she stopped and waited for him to join her. 1 1 came out to warn you,' she said, as he came up beside her. ' He has fallen asleep. I was locked in, hut Lady Fenton let me out. He has sent Iklargaret down to the town for a police-officer to takedown his state ment. ^He will have you arrested at once, this very night, on a charge of attempted murder !' 'It isn't possible.!' exclaimed Maurice. 'Why, I know no more of it than you do!' 'Oh, what does that matter V she cried, wringing her hands in her excite ment. 'He will have you arrested all the same. You know his malice, his revengeful spirit. And he hates you ; he will Bwear to anything against you or against me!' . ; 'Against you !' ' Yes. Oh, you cannot tell what I have had to bear ! I have felt I Bhould go mad, listening. He says it was a plot between— ? ' She broke off suddenly. She was utterly unlike herself, quivering with emotion, hot and cold 1 by turns, her words broken by little dry sobs. He took both her hands between his, holding them in a firm, warm claBp to reassure her. ' What do yon want me to do ?' he asked gently. ' I want you to go away,' she answered, looking straight up into his face wijjh pleadiDg, tearful eyes. 'If they cannot find you, he will get well, ,and I will give him what money I have to go away again quietly, and the whole thing will be forgotten. Or — or I may have to go with him.' ;? ' Heaven forbid !' . His grasp of her hands tightened to absolute pain as he suddenly, drew them up and held them against his breast. -? ' Felice,' he said, in a quick, rough voice, ' I'd lay down my .life for you. : But I can't sneak away and let you bear all the brunt of his cowardly attacks, and his vile calumnies! Let me fbe somewhere near. Let them take me. My aunt and Louisa will give evidence in my favour, and the real culprit will be found when the matter's ; inquired into. If I go, it's tantamount :t6 confessing I did it, and people wili believe me guilty.' 'But I shall not,' she said, her face illumined into wonderful beauty by . ? the faith and tenderness which shone in its every line. ' Your word is quite enough for 'me. And you must give mo ?your, word to. go. . I am cowar-Uy ; I jC^uno^ bear, my n&me; tp: be . dragged iritpj a, police-couri*, or, that others, should hear the horrible things be will Bftyrj ,'o£: me. ,..,-?' -And , you .would f be, cQ.nqeuined. .; I have asked, and they telb, .me. what he .^ajs,,ia true/ ~Son might be in prison a long time. And I ^ could not 'bear; it. /Maurice, you cannot refuse me when I ask. you loVleave . this ' town to- night. Go to Ivgndpu, g^;8n^^hierQ'A|And,- remem ber^h'iB;'.ma^;i'be^/tHiB,''must be, the ] nst-.;ifcime' I ever ask ,; you anything, 7 pe'rh'aps.the^aBt.time'^e .'shall meet.' /Her voice broke on the words, and tears rolled unrestrainedly from her eyes as she raised them to his. , - ; 'I; can't leave you,', he, whisper.ed h oarsely ; * I can't go on livin g here or anywhere with the knowJedge^that you may Have to go bact to him-- Felice; Felice/' 'say something 'to me, anything. Say-^-say that you pity ??'me r' ' ? -. '? ?^Mor'e!than:th^^ said,- smiling up rat him -sudderilyi' with ieyes that bw^ in teiars.'':I trust ypu^ I believe in 'you, arid you must pity me.' lie understood, and pressed her hands convulsively against his heart a moment before letting them- suddenly ?B°f£.;''' V '?/' '. ' A . ?';.'...'..* 'Av.miBt rwas before his eyes, top as he turned abruptly from her and strode;' away past the' c[uarrie8 down the-'Ktown. It was a , leavertaking without a farewell, a love scene., with 6ut?- word of love. Yet each under stood and knew that th'eir friendship was at an end, and that their paths frpmy henceforth must lie asunder.. ? . ,G.HArTEB: XIX.— The Message. , The long self-restraint, so unnatural mp& -woman of Felice's years, was brpSenJthrough at last. 7 ? ? Now that; Maurice was gone; and with him the old friendly intercourse whibh had done so much to brighten herlife at Stonerovd, she realised, how dear, how necessary, he had become to. her*,, and how infinitely dreary i the coming .days would be without him. Jit the thought shie7 broke.; down altogether, and sinking her head upon her arms above' thW low' stone' wall which bordered the roadwav. she cried ? ; T ' ? - - .... wj * . t like a child.; ;' 'I love him, I love him ' she sobbed, aloud: ' It is no more sinful to say it than to feel it. Is it my fault that. he is all that Robert is not, and that I' cannot, help seeing it ? I will sfca^nd by my mistaket;and do :my duty. I will never see Maurice again. But I shall love him none the less so long as I li'yei .'.,...; ??.??? ???? . ?;?-.. -7. ? -.. .v. ? The twilight had. merged into star less night, but Felice was beyond car ing! for the flight of time. She had heard no footstep, had seen no indica tion of human life about her when she fell into that passionate fit of sobbing. But as the last half-murmur left her lips, the consciousness that she was: not' alone iriake her suddenly, raise her head, to find. Marcus Q-ilmore close behind her. 'They are wondering where you are, , at the house,' he1 said, in' a somewhat constrained voice,' so; I came/after you;'/ _, '':' ?; ' ? .v ;j : ' ; . .' . ,;; He was' very pale, and there' was that indescribably.; Tflabby look about him which characterises fair and florid persons in a bad state of health or of nerves. He was watching her closely, with even, more of the vague 'melan- choly than was usual. to him. ife After the last words.. they;i had, exchanged on ithe preceding day, Felice resented his presence, and as, when Bhe turned from him in silence he persisted in remaining close beside he/she began to walk rapidly away in the direction of the windmill. ; Marcus kept pace with, her at a speedjshe had not expected from .him. 7 ' You are going away ?from Stone royd/ he eaid, at last. Which way are you going?' 7 ?'Any way, anywhere, that I may be alone, 'she returned, sharply. ? ' Alone with Maurice, or only w ith thoughts of him. ?\ ; ? She turned round upon him fiercely. i *:Mr GHlmore,', she said, in a voice which trembled with auger,; 'by what right do/you make yourself so offen sivelto me? Is ittbeapt of a man to insult a; woman when she is unhappy, and/because she is friendless ?' :? ? -???? j lie had stopped too,- and now raised both HiB; plumpvwhit'e hands de precatingly. ; ? '? ' t - r, , ? 'Don't speak to me so harshly V he said, humbly ; ' your tone and words convey a worse punishment than even you can' wish.' Felice, for pity's sake,; be more charitable;. Don't waste all your love and sympathy upon one man albnie. Am not I, too, deserving1 of compassion, at least of gentle treat ment.7 ;??? '???? : -.; ??' ?/; ?-'.?? '? '-. \ 'I never treated you' but in a friendly and* courteous manner,' said Felice until you went out of your way to annoy me by the most unjust and .unjustifiable accusations. But, if you please, we .wiiriat the matter drop, since you regret what you have 'said.' ; v3he quickened her pace as she spoke, and adopted a tone which . signified a wish that the interview should end. A curious sense of uneasiness, which1 amounted almost to fear, crept over her at a certain undefinable change in: Marcus's manner, a directness and confidence of speech, in spite1 of his assumed humility unlike his usual half -fanciful: exaggeration of style, j ' ? ' Stop, Felice, for one moment only.' Y;Ou have listened to Maurice, now listen to me!' ???/, ? -; ; : I ? If you mention Maurice's name to me once more,' I will not speak to you again so long as I live ! You are not only insulting but cowardly. ' ? He waited until she had finished speaking, stopping when she stopped^ watching her all ' the while intently with his large, dreamy blue eyes7 Gradually, in spite of her passionate indignation, the conviction forced itself upon her that in a battle of wills, this plump, tranquil-mannered, little fair mau would end by, having his way and that she might as well submit at price to his demands, for a hearing. At the moment she not only dis liked but feared him. S'et the curious magnetic power which he undoubtedly possessed influenced her to pause, in her . rapid flight, and finally, to turn and walk slowly back. in the direction of Stoneroyd. : 'You were always sweet to me,': he began, in a soft,, mournful voice, 'until yesterday ; and then— r-what mysteries yqu women are r— a word which repealed the fact that I knew of your passing fancy for pur mad, headstrong boyy and lo, all our/ friendship, our sympathy, our confidences are f orgotr ten, and you avoid me ; 'you will hardly speak to me— in a word you hate rne. ilsj it juBt or fair ? ? Your great' ; heart, your strong; 'yet tenderj woman's nature are wasted = in such a love as Maurice can inspire. No, don't inter rupt me. What are silly convention alties and social shams to me? Is a woman's J heart in leading'-strings to the man who legally owns her hand, however; neglectful, however , vicious, loweyer brutal and degraded he may J be Put aside such schoolgir notions, Felice! Only twice in my life have I loved ; in each case, the woman, in the cold world's eyes, was the property of another man. In each case it Bhould by rightB have been mine, by aflimty of thought, of feelir)g7and of soul. And yet such women waste their heart's best love upon men like Maurice, Fenton and your husband. 'If you only know, said lelice coldly, ' how infinitely I dislike all this sort of talk, ant1 bow utterly your words run counter to every though! and principle I ever can or shall possess, you would be too .wise to weary :iand disgust me as you are doing now,'-'' ='?? -?-: ?'????? ? ' ? ;?/ ' ? ?? ? She spoke with, a level Hardness he had.riever known in her, and ; Marcus actually quivered at her ''tones. ?; ' , ' ,. ' . ... 7 .?7* Weariness and disgust for, me,' he said, slowly. 'Tears and tenderness for a murderer. ?? ?...?,... * It is not true. But, even if it were, Maurice would be your superior .You are utterly mean and cowardly^ and I will not listen to you a moment longer.' On the words, she sprang forward,' and ran as though for a wager the remainder of the way to the lodge gates'7 ''?'?', '? ' ' ' ???' '?' ' .' 7 Inside the house they were search ing for her, , Margaret and Louisa together. . . {Ehl but ah'm glad you've coona,' exclaimed the latter, almost embracing Felice in her joy over her return. ' Ah thought you'd left this ere dreary old uug- uic ivr guuu, uuu an uuuiu ua Cried my eyes oot over the loss of you. They've had a Joostice of the Peaice here, along: of the p'leeceman what took down, that there lyingclisposition, as.they :'call it, of Mr [Robert's. A real live magistrate, moom, and he. sets him down, like as,, it might be me or you, on one of the: : bedroom cbairs, and listens ,;tp all that fandango oi rubbish as Mr Eoberfc tells him. But is it true that Mr Maurice will be put in prispn? Ay. say it's 'a Bin, and, a' shame, and that there, ain't no proof it was him-4-not half the proof ah had seven years agpn.e that it wur Hobert him self as killed Ned Qrierly, for a's boots fitted v tha, marks as, neat as . a, pictur-poqzle ; and so ah opp.and told Mr Robert. But a' nobbut laughed at me;' '??,.?'?'..? ? .. \ ? ? ? ., , } {To be continued.) ...-.-?. 