THE STORYTELLER i Highland Cousins. A NOVEL. By William Bla.ce. Author of ' A Princess of Thule,' ' Macleod of Dare,' &c.;, &c.; (Copteight.) Chapter XXIH.— AT AN OPEN DOOR. And_ yet he would know it from herself. On the following afternoon, as scon as his rchool work was over, he left the dull grey building, and at once and hurriedly walked along to the house in Campbell street. It was a wild and Etorray evening, and wild and stormy were the conflicting passions that strove for mastery in his heart — black hate and jealousy of the man who had entrapped an innocent girl into these clandestine relations— a stung pride that even now prompted him to turn and go back home and have done with her for ever— and then again a sort of desperate hope that —ii ? ? l i it. i. ? ~ ? i ? -i: ? ? ij rt.ll }t!L UU W trilj UiUli bUUItJ fApiUIIUiiUU WOUIU he forthcoming, that the beautiful eyes might still have a friendly look for him. This way r.nd that surged these emotions and fancies— perhaps with the darker predominating. For she had allowed him to ? believe that, he might win her for his wife ; and she had listened to his schemes, in which she was sup posed to have a personal interest ; and if, while thus giving him tacit encouragement, she was holding secret communication with that other ? Then Allan Henderson proceeded up the narrow stairway and knocked at the door. His brows were sombre enough, and he was steeling himself to indignation and re pro »cb. The girl Christina admitted him, and, in answer to his question, showed him into the parlour, where he found Barbara alone, engaged iu needlework. On his entering she looked up startled, and even appre hensive, for he had never called in this fa-.hion before; but at all events she rose to bid him wel come; and then she civilly asked hira to take a chair. Her manner was cold and reserved ; she seemed to be on the guard ; it was ft r him to spe ik. But whither had fled all the anger and reprobation with which he had come aimed ? The mere sight of her had dispelled all that ; the touch of her hand had thrilled him strangely; and now that she hid returned to her work— now that he could not with impunity regard the modestly ' lowered lashes, tbe fresh and sweet complexion, the graceful outline of forehead and cheek and throat, in facc of any wrathful upbraiding there was only an irre sistible longing to possess and defend. She was a solitary creature — untaught in the ways of the world— she wanted 6ome one to protect her from harm. And then, and above all, she was so mad deningly beautiful that his heart seemed to suffocate within -him ; it was he, not she, who was stunned and bewildered by this 6udden juxtaposition. ' That is a very pretty dress,' said he, as the out come of all his tumultuous wrongs ! ' I am altering it a little,' she answered, without raising her eyes. There was a moment or two of silence. ' It is clever of you to be able to do that for your self,' he observed, anxious to propitate. ' I have beeu used to it all my life,' she made answer. ' My mother was ill two or three years before she died ; and I had to do everything.' And now she had recovered somewhat from her vjgue apprehension, and was inc'n.ci to be a little raoro friendly. He had no reproaches to make, then ? It was only a viit from a sweetheart ? — and that any girl couM take only as a comp'inicr-t. ' I suppose there was not much line dressmaking at Kibree ? ' he remarked again. ?' 'We could not have afforded it in auy case,' Bhe replied. ' And indeed I am rather frightened about what I am doing now ; for this is the dress I am to wear on the evening of the Glasgow Choir being here.' It was an unintentional shift, but it struck deep. For that was the evening the Purser had talked so much of ; and Barbara would be. there— attracting attention, no doubt, if not by this costume she was now working at, then at least by the symmetry of her figure and the eloquence of her ga.t. He was almost driven to ask her whether she thought it seemly to go to a dance within a certain number of months of her father's funeral ; but he forbore ; he . would not quarrel with her ; it was so wonderful to find her in some small measure gracious. 'Have you been over the way?' she went on. ' I heard from Jessie that you looked in yesterday.' 'And this also was unlucky: it reawoke his jealous tortures of the previous afternoon. He could no longer be silent.' ' It was then,' he said in measured tones— and he watched her — ' it was then I was told of your having been at Covvall Ferry with Ogilvie the purser. ? She flushed hotly, but she replied with some touch of disdain — ' Yes, they make a great deal of that for a small matter.' ' That is r,o small matter,' said he slowly and seriously ; ' that may affect a girl's good name.' At this she fired up— her cheeks still crimson. 'And who say6 anything against my good name?' she demanded. His breath came and went ; he did not know what to say— whether to let the darker passions in his heart have utterance — or whether it was still possible to forget and forgive, ou account of the beauty of her raven hair, her liquid eyes, aud the splendid Hues of her throa+. ' For myself I care little what Ogi'.vie's character may be,' said he, stiffly and ominously ; ' but a jounggirl would lcok better after her reputation who did not happen to be found with him in a way side public-house.' She raised her head quickly ; her eyes were merci less ; her lips were pale. 'As for my reputation,' she said— hesitating a little in her excitement to find proper expression in English, li I am glad — it is not in the hands of such friends as you! ' 'Barbara ! *' he exclaimed — as if the had struck him. But he was passionate also. ' And as for Mr. Ogilvie,' she cantinued, in the same taunting and angry fashion, ' if you have anything to «ay air dust him, why d:d you not say it to himself r Why do you come to me with the story ?— and suspecting harm where there is no harm. I do not wish for anymore friends of thit kind. It is a great thing to have a cup of tea at Cowal Ferry ? — Well, that is my business, aud not the business of anyone else ; and I will look after my own gcod name, and no thanks to anyone— no thanks to my friends ! And if you have any complaint against Mr. Ogilvie, I think you would do better to go fo . himself ; and maybe he will have his answer for you—' Headereon rose to his feet, his dark eyes aflame, his cheeks ashen -gray. 'There you have 6poKen a true word, Barbara,' said he— though the effort of hiB speech appeared almost to stifle him. ' It is with Ogilvie I will deal. With you I have no quarrel. If he is trying to take advantage of your ignorance I will settle Ecores with him. He knows, if you do not know, I will ma£:e him answer ? ' Ag uu she looked up quickly. There was some thing in the expression of his face that caused her alarm. ' What— what will you do ?' ' Well, with you I have no quarrel,' was his only reply. 'At any rate you aud I can part as friends.' - J3ut at this htr eyes fell again, aud she would'fake no not'c3 of his extended hand. 'I am friends with my friends,' said she. sullenly, ' and not with others.' He stood for a moment, irresolute, gazing .at her ; then he abruptly turned oa his heel — his bro*fs black and drawn together, his under-jaw stern almost to savageness ; and in another couple of seconds he had quitted the house. # *- * * - * On the morning of the day on which the members of the Glasgow Gaelic Choir were to be entertained by their Highland comrades, Mr. McFadyen walked along to the railway station. The hush of noon had fallen over the place ; there were no trains either arriving or departing ; and when the town counci lor stepped into the station- master's office, Mr. Gilmour looked up from his work as if interruption were welcome. ' Can ye spare me a few minutes, Janes?' the visitor inquired. ' Directly — in a second,' answered the station master. He signed the document he had been scan ning, aud returned it to the messenger who was standing by. Then he rose from his desk. ' Now I'm with you, Peter,' with quite unusual shyness. The good-natured station-master at once assented ; he took down his cap. and presently the two friends were outside, and making round by the harbour. ' I say, Jamie,' observed the councillor, with an assumption of indifference, ' ' What do you think, now of the Highland dress for showing off the figure ? ' ' That depends on the figure,' I would say, re sponded the btation-master, bluntly. ' A fine answer,' said Mr. M'Fadyen, with 6Corn. ' Cannot ye understand what I mean ? I mean the Highlaud dress as compared with any other dress — ' ' Are you going to sport the kilt, Peter— is that what you're aiming at ? ' cried the station-master. 'Ave ycu going to make a chieftain of yourse'f? Arc you gointj to wear two feathers in your cap ? Or three, and make yourself a chief ? Dod, ye might as well be a chief as a chieftain, when it's only an imag'nary clan you've got at your back. For who ever heard of the clan M'Fadyeu ? ' ' Who ever heard of the clan Gilmour ?' retorted the councillor, angrily. ' There you're out of it,' said the tall thin man with the bright red hair. ' There you're out of it, Peter, my friend,' lie repeated, m saturnine triumph. 'For at least my uame is Highland. ' Gilmour ' — ' Gillie-mor ' — the big young man. But M'Fadyeu— Mr. M'Fadyeu ! — who on God's ' You ile I' Tho v.oi'3s wc-i-3 hardly out of Ogi.viir'.s mouth when Allan hirled himself upon him, and seized h!m by foe t'uoit.— Cuai-teu XXIV. earth could ever find i out the msroiag of a mine like that? Ani maybe you'll be for saying nsxt that there's a M'Fadyeu tarttu ! ' 'Ob, yes, you're very clever ! ' re marked the councillor) peevishly. ' Do you know what they say about people who are as clever as you ? They say ' You're so clever you could steal the eggs from under a heron, with her two eyes watching you.' But although you're so mighty clever, Mr. Jamie, perhaps you don t know that there are three tartans, the clan tartau, the hunting tartan, and the dress tartan ; and when it comes to the dress t«rtan you can chocsa for yourself ? ' ?? i*eter, ?? sa;a unmour, witn a cackle of irreverent laughter, 'I would give my last pair of breeks to see ye going through the town rigged out in the royal Stuart !' ' Indeed !' said Peter, contemptuously. ' But if you were still a little more clever, you would under stand that people do net go about the streets ip dress tartan.' Nevertheless, when they reached the councillor's house, this tone of acerbity could not be maintained ; for Poter was seriously anxious for advice, and per haps oven hoping for sympathetic approval ; aud so, when he ushered the station-master into his principal r.iom, he said in a more amicable fashion— ' I'll tell ye the truth, Jamie. There's the enter tainment to the Glasgow Choir this evening, ana the dance, and all the rest of it ; aud I was saying to myself that that youog spark of an Ogilvie was giving himself too many airs with his swallow-tail cpat and the studs and the like. I've a coat of that kind my self that I got about a dizzen years ago far ; the deputation to Glasgow ; but I was trying it oil ihe other day, and it made me look fearfu' like a Free Kirk minister on a platform. And then say6 I to myself ' Well, there's other ways o' taking the shin® out of that young sprig ? ' ' He paused. ' They came home last night,' he resumed, rather timidly glancing towards his friend. ' Man, I wish ye would tell me whether you think they'll dc ? ' 'Let's have a look at them, then ! ' said Gilmour. Thereupon Mr. M'Fadyeu left the room, returning shortly with a number of parcels, which he opened and displayed on the table. Everything was here to make up a correct Highland costume — cap, doublet, vest, kilt, sporran, hose, and shoes; while dirk and 6gean dubh were brave with cairngorms and silver. ' But put them on, man ! ' the station-master re monstrated. ' Go away and put them on, and let's see how ye look ! ' 'I'm not sure whether the dirk and the sgeau dubh should he worn at eucIi a gathering,' said the councillor, with some diffidence. ' Oh, go away and get the things on ! ' his friend said, impatiently. ' I want to see if ye look at home in them.' Well, when Mr. M'Fadyen, after a good ten minutes' absence, reappeared at the door of the parlour, he certainly did not look at home in this re splendent costume; for he was extremely embar rassed, and auxious, aud sslf-csnscious ; but at the t same time the station-master had not the heart to criticise, much less to smile. It Was so abnormal to fiua Peter — the self-confident, self-assertive Peter — in this sensitive and almost supplicatory mood that out of mere compassion and to encourage him Gilmour said he thought the general effect was just first-rate. Peter was immensely relieved. ' You've got to get acustomed to it, of course,' said he. ' Naturally, you've got to get accustomed to it. And what's more, you've got to get used to people looking at you.' ' Man, you'll cut a fine figure atthe Highland Games!' continued Gilmour, with friendly ? approval. 'It suits ye, Peter— I teli you it suits ye.' And now Mr. M'Fadyen, still further flittered and puffed up, was determined to show that be was not afraid to challenge alien scouting. He rang the bell. Presently there appeared the maidservant Sarah, a great, big, stupid-looking, porridge-fed, rubicund lass, with staring blue eyes. ' Sarah — ' said her master, with lofty unconcern. 'Yes, sir.' ' Ye'll go along to Mr. Dunbar—' ' Yes, sir.' 'And tell him — ' ' Yes, sir.' The fact is, the tall las3 was saying 'Yes, sir,' quite incoherently, and without in the least listen ing to the message that was being delivered to her — so wholly engrossed was she by the startling spectacle that her master now presented. . ? And tell him to have a machine hereto night at a quarter to eight. A quarter to eight— do ye hear me ? — not a minute later, for I have to call for some friends before going on to the concert — ' ' Yes, sir,' said Sarah, her eyes all-devouring. ' Go away, then,' said her master 6harply, ' and mind ; hot a minute after a quarter to eight.' (Continutd on page 604.) ? : ? She made a eudde t, jerky effort t- retire— ap- J parently overcome by, some extraordinary emotion ; J she succeeded in getting the door between her and the two men : and then, the moment it was shut, they heai;d in the. passage a tremendous explosion of long-iuppressed, uncontrollable, half-choked gig gling. The infection was irresistible. In spite of himself the station-master burst into a wild guffaw j of laughter ; he roared and roarei; he . could not stop— though liis face was purple with shame ; his long, angular caroase was shaken by the violence of - this ungovernable merriment, and he struck his knees with his fists. 'I beg your pardon, Peter,' he gasped— with teirs running do.wn his checks., 'I did not intend it— upou my soul, I did not intend it— it was that daft lass- I'jn sure she's half-witted—' And here he set to roaring and laughing again. 'That daft idiot of a lass ! — what on earth did she break out like that fox? — a giggling idiot!— I see nothing myself to laugh at— except — except that she's just a downright born idiot!' ... ' Ay, and idiotcy seems to be catching,' said Mr. M'Fadyen, who had preserved a calm dignity as the best answer to this disgraceful ebullition. ' Well, I must be going,' the young penitent station-master said, as he glanced at his watch and rose. ' Never you mind, Peter ; I think you look line in the tartan— and— and I'm sure 1 beg your pardon for a bit of friendly laugh.1' ' You're welcome— you're welcome,' said the councillor with much sta'e ; and unceremoniously and stiffly he conducted the station-master to the door, ana bade him good-day. But all that afternoon Peter M'Fadyen was tor mented by a thousand vacillating dec'sions and argu ments and fears. He could not attend to his busi ness ; he would leave his office, and run upstairs to his bedroom, and contemplate that distracting, tempting, dreaded costume. Then, as the hour arrived at which he had perforce to dress one way or another for the concert, he grew desperate. Was he to be deterred by the hilarity of a turnip-headed, scullery -wench ? Tho Highland garb was no novelty in Duntroone : why should he shrink from observant eyes P And at last, in a fit of morose anger, the result of. his reflections over human vacuity and buffoonery, he deliberately arrayed himself in the tartan : and punctually at a quarter to eight he de scended, got into the ' machine,' and set out for Campbell-street. On this occasion the big ' sumph ' of a servant-lass exercised.a little more self- control, and her master drove away with something of a lighter heart. But as he was ascending the stair towards the widow's room his courage once more oozed away from him ; and when he was shown into the parlour, in which Jessie Maclean was waiting, a dreadful caasciousness broke oyer him that he had made a mistake. Jess, poor lass, tried to pretend that she did. not notice anything unusual in his attire ; but there was a slight flush of embarrassment on her face, aud the councillor knew— somehow he knew — that in her heart she was contemplating with dismay the prospect of having to go to the concert with him in this guise. 'Barbara will be ready iu a few minutes,' Jess said, uneasily, and with her eyes downcast. But this casual remark was an inspiration. . There was still a precious interval — there was still a blessed chance of escape. Peter's decision was taken, at once. He began to laugh. ' 'So I have not frightened ye, Miss Jess'e?'' said he, with a jocosely humorous air. ' I thought I would have a little bit of fun ; I thought ye'd get a fright if ye fancied I was going to the concert and the dance as a Highland chief. But I'm not so far off my head ; no, 110 ; I'm not 60 far left to myself as to wear things like these — except for a joke, ye understand — except for a joke. And ye may tell Miss Barbara not to huiry ; though I'll not be long — no— I'll be back in a j iff.' And therewith the coun cillor, his 6oul greatly uplifted within him, hurried downstairs, ..jumped into the ' machine ' that had brought -him, was driven off home, and there rapidly exchanged his Highland rig for a more sober Outfit. When he returned to Mrs. Maclean's house Barbara was fully equipped ; and the three of them drove away to the Drdl Hail, Mr. M'Faydeu being the merriest of the merry. It was altogether a most successful evening. The Glasgow Choir sang beautifully; at supper Mr. M Fadyen welcomed them in a speech that was uni versally appljiudccl ; and when at length the hall was cleared for dancing, everyone was in the highest spirits. 'Barbara, especially, was all . animation ; she - seemed to drink in excitement from this gay scene ; there was a tinge of colour in lier cheek, a glow in . her great eyes, that told of her delight. Moreover, Jack Ogilvie had not forgotten his promise .; he made Barbara and Jess and the Councillor objects of spe cial attention ; any one could see they were a favoured group. And at supper, if he did not actually sit with them— for he had. to look chiefly after the guests from a distance—at least he came along, and chatted with them at times. ' And what dances are you going to give me, S^iss Barbara ?' said he, on one of .these . occasions. ' No. 1 is a qikadrille : Suppose we make up a party for that ? And you must (-ive me a waltz— and maybe two before the night is out. No. 1) is a mxzourka ; 'We miistnot stay here late,' interposed Jess seeing that Barbara was ready, to accept all the dancesvthat the Purser proposed. ' . 'Come, come, it is I that aui iu authority here,' the councillor insisted, ' and I'll have, no spiriting away of Cinderellas before the proper time. We'll begin with tho first quadrille— the four «f us here vis-a-vis— aiid. we'll see abput the other dances as they come. I'm just in tho mood' for enjoying my self the night ; yes, Pm that ; and we'll show theai how to keep it yp ! ' .. . ? But of all the varied features of this memorable evening none was more remarkable, iu Jess. Mac lean's eyes, than the ease aud, elegance with which Barbara danced.. Where ahd how had the Highland . lass, away out in the rude island, picked up such an accomplishment, and attained to such a proficiency ? There was one other who, ; for a tew terrible seconds, beheld Barbara in ttiis.her hour-of triumph. The Drill Hall 6f Duntroone* is situated in. an out. of-the-way and ill-lighted lane ; and the school 1 master, wandering aimlessly about in the dark, I found himB3lf, ho hatdlykne\vwhy,drawn totfaat' ! long and. dusky building from which sounds of | music issued into tbehollow air. He approached { nearer aud nearer. The entrauce-door, for the sake I of ventilation, had been left half -open ; there were \ two or three idle lads hanging about and .looking | m; he also, if he chose, might gaze upon ihat bril j liaut throng, himself unseen. He wished to go : i away, ,imd would not'; spine powerful fascination;,, j dragg^d^mtm onward ; at last the coal black ' eyes ; S were stgu&ig; in from thiB outer gloom.' And ^is it 1 cliancedi§it was a waltz that was Being performed ; V the couples circling swiftly and easily^ the music \ rising and; falling in cadence. And .then his eyes \ seemed Jto; be seared as with a red -Hot iron ; there was Barbara, in all theilush bf her youthful grace ' and beauty : and Ogilvie it was who held her one hand clasjffid in bis, whose arm encircled her yield ing form, It was» plaintive music that sounded down the' long hall— so plaintive that there almost - appeared to be some cry -of hnman agony in' it— 's' some despairing note 1 of severance and loss and farewell. Trembling and haggard of visage, the onlooker drew himself away and hid himself in the night: it was as if he had been blinded, and knew not whither he was going. . CnAPms XXIV.— ON THE YEHGE. All- through 'the . black, hours ? of - that night he wandered round the shore and the rocks, while the m r'\' ' ?» orll of 'i-'ib.'F moin'il in 1h° -1 rk. and the golden ray of Lismore burned steadily. And still he seemed to hear the low and piteous strains of waltz-music, that spoke of tragic separation and farewell ; and st 11 he seemed to be at a half -opened door, sheltered by the obscurity, and gazmg in upon that brilliant throng, with one figure there receding from him, as it were, and being lost to him for ever. When would they have done with their dancing ? When would the colours fade, and the lights go out, aud the hush of sleep fall over the small town ? The sound of the revelry appeared to follow him ; he heard it all through the unvaried, inceesant, myste rious murmur of the sea. The long night went by ; a pale and wan glow slowly grew in the east ; the hills and woods became dimly distinguishable ; the trembling plain of water gradually revealed itself, livid and solitary ; be yond, the mountains of Mull and Morveu were still swathed in heavy folds of cloud. And what was this object nearer at hand— this first sign of human habi tation —what but the grey little inn at Cowal Ferry, surrounded by its silent homestead ? At this time of tiie morning it appeared but a;i the ghost of a house ; and the tale connected with it seemed to have like wise acquired a kind of remoteness ; would the day break into clear and white light, and show firmer and hopefuller things, and drive away those distracting pliantom3 of the past ? Towards 8 o'clock -or thereabouts he knew tl at Je3s Maclean and the young girl Christina would come down stairs in order to open the shop ; and a little before that hour he returned to Duntroone, passing along Campbell-street. Ho saw the two girls appear and cross the half-empty thoroughfare. He watched Christina take down the shutters. And when, after a few minutes, she went bact to the house, leaving Jess in sole possession, he walked forward more quickly. Jes3 was in the front shop when he entered. ' You are early astir, Jessie, after your last night's gaieties,' said he, with apparent caim ; but despite this forced composure, there was something in his tons, something in his aspect, too, that caused her serious disquiet. ' What is the matter, A'lan she demanded. ' Well, I have come to you in my trouble,' said he. ' Does that surprise you. It seems but natural I should come to you. Your own life is so placid aid happy that suffering aud tortured wretches cune to you, as if by some kind of instinct, for con solation and sympathy. And you can tell me — Jess, I'm sure you can tell me.' he went on, in a more hurried and anxious manner, ' whether there is anything bet ween Barbira and Ogilvie. What it is ? What is there ? Why should there be any . secresy ? How did she come to be with him in tl e inn at Cowal ; and how did neither your mother nor you kn )W she was going ? What does he mean by it ? He can have his pick and choice of so many . — so they say — he gives himself the airs of a lady ? killer — why should he turn aside for a simple girl like Barbara ? I went to her, and asked' her, ' he continued in his too evident distress, ' and she had nothing for me hut angry words and taunts. Plainly enough she told me it was none of my busi ness—that I had no right to interfere. And perhaps I hjive not; I had hoped for some better under standing with her : but now, it seems, I must not even speak. Aud yet how can one stand by and look on— when you see a young girl ignorant of the . ways of the world being made a fool of, made sport of, for the amufement of an empty-headed fribble ? Is that what it is ? Or what else is it ? What does it mean ? ' ' Come into the parlour, Allan, and sit down,' said Jes3 Maclean, in her gentle fashion; and he followed her into the room— but he remained stand ing, his eyes eagerly searching for an answer in the expression of her face.' Aud yet it was about himself that she was mostly concerned. ' ' You are not looking woil,' said she-^and some how she half-guessed that he had beea wandering to and fro during the night. ' Have you had your breakfast this morning, Allan ? ' ' Never mind about that,' he replied. Aud then ' he proceeded rapidly : ' Tell me, Jessie— what am I to believe about Barbara ? Is there anything be tween her and Ogilvie ? And is she concealing it ? — aud why ? You must kuow. You are with her con stantly. And I can appeal to you for an honest answer and a friendly answer. You will tell me the truth whatever it is ; and whatever it is, the sooner it is known the better. To you anyway I can appeal without being taunted and sorned.' . Jess was quietly aud quicV'y stirring up the fire, and putting on the kettle, ami getting out the teapot and the like ; and as she went on with these prepara tions—the object of which w. 1.5 in no'.vbe percaived by the schoolmaster — sho sa:d in her tranquil way : 'I would not bother muc'a about Ogilvie, if I were you,- Allan. I don't suppose he means any thing. He is always ruun'n^' after one pretly face or another; and there's satV.ty in numbers; I hardly ? imagine he cau mean anything serious with regard to ?Jarbara. A bit of amusement, perhaps ? ' 'Amusement?' he repeated, vehemently. ' Amusement that may wreck her peace of mind — that may ruin her life-'' If that is the state of affairs, it is time for one of us to step in ; and whether I have the right or not, I will assume the right. She shall not bo left defenceless, simply through her ignorance. And, perhaps,' he said, ' perhaps you, too, will tell me it is none of my business ? ' I don't think, Allan, you ever found me blaming you for anything,' Jees made answer. She was putting a white cloth over the little ti.b'.e. ? ? ' Jess, I beg your pardon !' he said, with instant remorse. ' If i have one friend, it's you. I am always worried and harassed ; unable to understand what is happening around me. I wonder if you kuow how other people must envy you your quiet end peaceful life— how you make one wish to be rid ?for ever of maddening hopes and aims. It must be so fine to be contentedly happy — to fee without a . care.' 'Without a care,' murmured Jess, almost to herself. ' Ay, just that, Allan. Without a care. You may well say that.. Without a care.' Her back was towards him — for she was about to fetch down a cruet-stand from the cupboard ; so that un observed she managed to brush away a tear or two that had started to her lashes. Then she turned. ' Now, Allan,' said she, cheerfully, '6it down at once. It's but little we keep over here ; only you can't go along to the school without a mouthful by way of breakfast;' - ? He would have refused, hut she insisted ; and eventually, out. of mere gratitude, he was forced to sit dbwn. . ^ ? '-1 looked inat the Drill-Hall,' he said slowly and in sombro^ashioh-— -and small was the hfeed he paid to these: things before him, though Jess stood by him awaiting upon hiin, as if he were an infant. ' I saw Barbara — she was dancing with Ogilvie.' ' 1 ' Well, ^ now,' observed Jess,- with much blithe * hes3 of manner, ' is it not surprising that she should have learnt to dance so well, away out in such a __ place as Kiiree ? And' 110 one suspecting it either, . Sut that is the s trail jo thing about Barbara ; if -you do not find put for Yourself, she will never tell y0U__», ' Ay, have you discovered that ? ' he said, glancing towards her quickly. ' Have vou discovered that too ? ' And then he continued — it was a relief to talk — u Do you know that sometimes she seems to me altogether au enigma ; I cannot make her out; it is as if she had depths of character that no one arouud her understands as yet. And then again these appear to me mere -formless and vacant spaces — the vacant spaces of youth, that time and experi will fill up. Besides, her natural shvnfi^ has I to be tikea into account — a shyness only to be ex pected in one brought up in that solitary island, aud ' then coming among strangers - — ' 'I ana sure,'-' said Jess, 'mother and I do not wish her to regard us as strangers— far indeed from that ; bit I think she bides herself from us much as from others ; aud of course when any one prefers to keep their own counsel, it would only be impertinence to press questions.' ' Then Barbara has said nothing to you about Ogilvie? ' he asked, of a sudden. ' Not a word,' was the definite answer. ' Not a word — and until she offers us her confidence we are not likely to make ourselves intrusive. If Barbara wishes to keep her own secrets, she is welcome.' He had pushed away his plate. His hands were resting on liis knees ; his eyes were downcast, in pro found meditation. 'She is a strange creature,' said he. ' I had doue nothing to anger her. Well, yes : perhaps she was in the right in resenting my interference. When I warned her — when I presumed to warn her — perhaps it was only her maidenly pride that re torted. As you say, when she chooses to keep silent, that may be merely her natural habit ; aud of course she would be indignant on being pressed with ques tions. It's quite wonderful, Jessie, how you find excuses for people ; how you seek for the best that is in them ; your disposition is so good-natured ; you want the world to go easily with every one. And, indeed, whenever I have to talk with you, it does seem as if things were more hopeful, as if troubles and difficulties could be overcome ; and you must never think that I am not grateful to you because I am a bad hand at making pretty speeches. You must just understand. When you meet a human being who seems to have the faculty of reconciling you to the harsh terms of existence, it is a marvellous kind of thing, and you ought to be grateful — but perhaps you have not quite got the knack of saying so ? ' ' Enough, enough, Allan,' said JesB, her face b lrning with pleasure, for when had she received s ich praise from him before. Then he got to his feet. ' I must along to the school now, Jessie,' 6aid he. ' And do not put yourself out about the Purser.' she observed to him, ashar parting word. He has too many strings to his bow. And besides. I have heard him say that he wanted to leave this place altogether. Surely Barbara must have too much sense to attach herself to a 6ailor lad that may be off to the West I idies to-morrow. And if you and she have had a quarrel, you'll just have to set to work to make it up again.' He went away much lighter of heart because of her sisterly kindness and wise talk ; but his tem psrament was brooding rather than sanguine ; and during the long school hours of mechanical and ungrateful toil, his thoughts would go back to tie position in which he had been placed by Bar b ira's disdainful challenge. ' If you want any explanations— if you think you have been injured, ' s'le had practically said, 'go to Ogilvie, he will answer for us both.' It was scornful advice, but it fitted iu only too readily with his own humour. He had not got thit under-jawfor nothing; and the 1 mger that the lined and knit brows pondered over fie problem now before him, the more definite be came his resolve that Ogilvie should not go on in this way without oue word of question, perhaps even of menace. For the moment, indeed, that was im possible : on the day following the concrrt and dance, the Aros Castle, her steamtubes mended, sailed for Lock Sunart. But, as it chanced, on the very afternoon of her return, the schoolmaster caught sight of Jack Ogil vie, who was apparently leaving the outskirts of the t)wn for a stroll ; and in an instant all Jess's persuasive and kindly counsels had vanished from h's mind : he saw in the distance only the man who had, from vanity, or devilment, or mere thoughtless disregard of consequences, been 1 :ading an inexperienced girl astray, and alienating her from her nearest friends. Without v.ny very clear intention he followed. By the lodge-gate Ogilvie passed into the grounds surrounding the ruins of Duntroone Castle : these are thrown open to the public on certain days ot the week; but at this season of the year, when there were no tourists abroad, the place was quite deserted ; and in point of fact the Purser continued on his way through the woods without meeting a human being, whether or not he may have been aware that someone was behind him. In due course of time he came in sight o? the sea again, and of tbe castle hill, with the ivied ruins lofty and dark against the west. lie skirted a small bay, went alcng an over-arching avenue of tall elms, and began to ascend a Bteep slope. And all this time Henderson was in his wake; the schoolmaster knowing not what to think or what to do, so diverse were the doubts and impulses that occupied his brain. But momentarily the expression of his face was growing darker. Of course he could not always maintain this equal distance between himself and his enemy, for the Purser, having reached the summit of the hill, stopped short, and began to look around him— at the wide panorama, stretching from Ardencaple in the south to Morven and Kingairloch in the north. It was towards the close of the day : there was a sheely light in the breaks of the clouded sky, and a metallic gleam on the restlessly lapping water ; but over Mull way there were great, masses of soft rain-cloud slowly advancing, that threatened to blot ' out the livid glare, aud bring on premature night. And seemingly Ogilvie had no intention of remaining oa this solitary eminence ; having walked to the edge of the plateau and glenced downwards aud around he idly turned to come away again ; and then it was that he found himself face to face with Allan Henderson. For a second the two men regarded each other ; aud instinctively no phrase of greeting was passed. ' I am glad to have the chance of a word with you alone,' the schoolmaster said, after this momentary silence. ' You need not have come so far,' said the Purser, who began to guess that his footsteps had beeu dogged. ' I was considering what I ought to say,' Hen derson proceeded, apparently determined to keep a tight hold upon himself. ' And have you considered ?— for it is about time , for me to be getting home,' Ogilvie made answer. Not a syllable had been uttered that could cause offence to either; but already the two men were! in' open antagon-'sm. ' It is about Barbara Maclean — ' 'Oh, indeed!' ? ' And I have a question to ask of you — ' ' Suppose I don't choose to answer it.' ' I will make you answer it.' ' Making ? Making ? That is easily said ! ' The schoolmaster - was breathing a little ' more, hardly : that was all. Ogilvie had assumed a certain indifference of air. ' You've got to tell me what you mean,' Allan went on — with the dark eyes beginning to dame. ' Meau by what ? ' said the other, scornfully. ' Well enough you know ! Aud don't you think I am going to stand by and let you make a play thing of a girl like that, who does not know what all this nonsense may lead to.. For I suppose it is nonsense. I do not imagine a fine gentleman like you could have any serious intentions ? ' ' And who made it your business to interfere ?' the Purser said, defiantly. ' I have made it my business ; and I mean to make it my business,' was the stern rejoinder. V If you have no regard for the good name of thq girl, it is for others to see that she is warned, and that you are checked ? ' 'A rare fuss to make about nothing ! Ogilvie in terjected again. ' Why, anyone can call in at a tobacconist's shop who has the price of an ounce of bird's-eye.' 'Does the price of an ounce of bird's-eye entitle you to sit in the parlour— or make assignations ?' 'Oh, I'm sick of this rubbth !' tbe Purser ex claimed— and he made as if he would pass. But Allan planted himself in front of him. ' No, you are not going yet. You are not going until you have given me explanations and made mo certain promises. But how could I believe your promises— the promises of a miserable hound like you, that would lead a thoughtless girl into a com promising situation ! What were she aud you doing at Cowal Ferry?:' he demanded, with increasing vehemence.' You considered it fine, I suppose, to have the story told about you ! You considered it a joke, I suppose, that her good name should be put in peril— that she should become a byword — - ' 'You lie!' The words were hardly out of his mouth wheu tLe schoolmaster had hurled himself upon him and seized him by the throat; and so sudden and so violent was the onset that both men rolled t) the ground, the Purser writhing and struggling to fre? himself from this wild-cat grip, Henderson striving to pinion him to the earth. Ogilvie was no doubt ' the bulkier of the two; but the schoolmaster's mus cles werj of iron, while bate and jealousy combined lent him a yet fiercer strength; so that it was in vain that the undermost of the adversaries fought and toreand flung himself this way and that in try ing to liberate himself from this merciless srrasj). And then something happeued to Allan Hend :rsou. In the'r savage wrestling they had unwittingly ap proached tbe edge of the precipitous cliff ; aud o ; a sudden it chanced that the schoolmaster caught s;ght of a dull red patch, far below him, in the old gar leu lying between the castle-rock aud the sea. It was probably a patch of withered herbage ; but with ». startling vividness it recalled to him what he had seen one day when in the compauy of a gamekeeper friend— a wounded roe deer having rolled over aad down into a deep chasm, where it lay motionless aad hardly to be distinguished from a heap of rusted bracken. And at this same instant it flashel through his brain that the man whose very life he now held in pawn might ia another moment be lying away down there, without movement, an inanimate, indistinguishable thing— a horror to the eyes. He relaxed his grip. ' Come back,' he said, hoarsely. 'There shall be no m ureter.' And it was not until he was released that Jack Ogilvie perceived how near he had beeu to his owu doom. Thoroughly cowed— without a solitary word of threatening or bravado— he retreated from that ghastly verge, aud shook his clothes straight, aud departed down the hill, disappearing among the trees. After awhile, amid the gathering gloom, the school master followed. As he slowly made his way back to the town, au orange spot here and there in the dusk told of a lighted window and (he coming night. And it may have seemed to him, in his sombre reverie, that it was more easy to seize an enemy and pin him by the throat, and hold the power of life and death over him— it was more easy to do that than to win a single friendly lcok from a woman whose heart had wandered elsewhere, (To be continued.) 