Local and General. ——♦—— ALDERMANIC AMENITIES. — At the Parkes Council meeting on Monday evening one alderman threatened to chop another on the head. POLICE COURT. — The evidence in the case against Gorman and Stines which was heard yesterday will be found on the fourth page of to-day's issue. V.R.C. RACES.— The Australian Cup of 1000 sovs., 2¼ miles, was run at Flemington yesterday and was won by Broken Hill, 7st., with Portsea, 9st. 9lb. 2, and Light Artillery, 7st. 11lb. 3. Thirteen started and the race was won by ¾ of a a length, time 4 min. 3¾ sees. AUCTION SALES. — Mr. James Cassidy announces the sale to-morrow at the Royal Hotel of a splendid farm of 180 acres situated at Spring Creek, Duramana. The property is splendidly watered and securely fenced, with suitable outhouses etc. On the following day, on the ground at Spring Creek the furniture and effects will be sold, also hay ; horses, drays etc. OLD-TIME REVIVAL.— During the week ' revival ' services have been held in the Baptist Church, and on each evening there has been a good attendance. Stirring addresses have been delivered by Revs. Worboys, Clark and Hiddlestone. A special feature of the mission is the sing ing and the Bible readings of the last named gentleman. The meetings will be held held during the week, and Mr. Clark announces for his subject to-night ' A ghost of ancient origin.' BOROUGH COUNCIL.— The fortnightly meeting of the council will be held to-night, when, in addition to the usual business Alderman Ryan will move :— ' That the Hon. the Minister for Works be requested to reduce the capital sum of the Water works debt, and extend the time of pay ment to 100 years, at the rate of £1 12s 4d per annum.' 2. 'That the foregoing resolution be presented to the Hon. the Minister by the Mayor and members of the Finance Committee on as early a date as practicable. RECREATION RESERVES. — Mr. J. E. Tonkin, M.P., has received the following communication from the Department of Lands :—' Sydney, February 21st, 1894. Sir,— I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your application for a grant of money towards improving the recreation reserves as per margin (Wattle Flat, Sunny Corner, Oberon, and Sofala) and to inform you that it has been duly noted for consideration by the Secretary for Lands, when dealing with the distribution of the vote of Parliament tor 1894. I, have, etc., Victor Cohen, for the Under-Secretary.' SERIOIUS ACCIDENT.— A wire from Blayney yesterday says:— As Mr. Mansell, proprietor of the Argus newspaper, and coroner for the district, was returning from Millthorpe on Sunday night, his horse swerved from the road, and the sulky in which he was riding collided with a stump. Mr. Mansell was thrown out and recived a nasty scalp wound, and also injured his hip. He was picked up some time after- wards and taken back to Millthorpe, where he was atttended to by Dr. Zeihlke. He is till very bad and cannot be brought home. CHINESE WITNESSES.— One of the many farcical scenes which are enacted in court when Chinese cases are being heard was witnessed yesterday. A witness was called for the defence and with the look of innocence peculiar to the initiated answered ' No savee' to the question as to whether he understood English. The question was pressed, and at last a smile was forced from him, clearly showing that he understood what was being said. The Police Magistrate threatened to send him to gaol unless he gave evidence, and this seemed to arouse him and he answered the question as to his name. Beyond this, however, nothing further than a bland smile could be obtained. Both prosecutor and another Chinaman in court said that they had seen the wit ness act as an interpreter in court on several occasions. This was subseqnently denied, and Beecham was sworn to interpret, as Mr. Thompson said it was in the interest of justice that the evidence should be given, Mr. Thompson caused no small amount of merriment in the court by stating that he had forgotten all the Chinese he had ever learned. When Beecham had been sworn the prosecutor said that he had not translated the oath correctly. Mr. Thompson said this was the same old gag which was used in all such cases as this. Prosecutor was a sort of bush missionary, and whenever there were conflicting parties there were con flicting interpreters. Beecham told the bench that he had been engaged by the Government as interpreter for 15 years. Sergeant Morris said that the Govern- ment had always relied upon his interpre tation, and the case proceeded. 