TheStoiTteHer. ? « ? ABORIGINAL BELLE. ' TALE. OF THE AMERICAN WAR [Continued.] ' . CHAPTER LIU. ' H I 8 S f ' S* W A N If E K.'' 'I do not blame you personally. I mast . try to be just in my bitter sorrow and despair. . You proved long ago that you were obeying your conscience ; bat you who conquer oan not know the hearts of the conquered. . Yonr home does not look like mine ; your kindred ?re waiting to welcome you with plaudits. You have everything to lire for — honour, prosperity, and love. For, doubtless, long before this the cold-hearted Northern girl h«B been won by tbe fame of your achieve ments. Think of me as a ghost, doomed to kauot these desolate scenes where onoe I was \- ' No,' he repeated, springing to his feet ' I shall t'jink of you as the woman I love Life shall nut end ao unhappily for us both ; for if yon persist in your morbid enmity, my future will be as wretched as yonrs. You judged me unheard, and you wrong me cruelly. I have never forgotten you for an hour. I wrote to you again and again, and received no answer. The moment I was released from the iron rule of military duty in the West I sought you before returning to the mother who ' bore m«. No river of blood flows between us thst my love could not bridge. I admit that I was speechless before the mag nitude of your sorrows, but must this aoouraed war go on for ever, blighting life and hope ? What was the wound you did so much towards healing ooui pared to the one you are giving me now? Many a blow has been aimed at me, bnt not one has pierced my heart before.' . . She tried to listen rigidly and coldly to his impassioned utterance, but could not ; and, as he ceased, she was sobbing in her ohair. He sought with gentle words to soothe her, but by a gesture she silenced him. At last she said, brokenly, ' For months 1 have not shed a tear. My heart and brain seem bursting, yet I could get no relief. Were it oot (or some faith and hope in God ; I should have followed my kindred. Yon cannot' know, yon never can know.' ' I know one thing, Suwannee. You were once a brave, unselfish woman. X will not, I cannot, believe that you have parted with ''.your noble, generous impulses. ' You may remain 'cold to me if I merely' plead my oauie for your sake, that I may bring consolation and .healing into your life; but I still have . too muob faith in your large, warm, Southern .hurt to believe that you will blight my lifealso. If yon can never love me, give me the right to be your loyal and helpful triend. Giving you all that is best and mo'st sacred in my nstore, how c»,n you send me away as if I had no part' or lot in your life ? ft is not, cannot be true. When I honor you and would give my life lor you, and shall love you all my lifo, it is absurd to say tuat I am nothing to you. Only embodied selfishness and callousness could say that. You may not be able to give .what I do, but you should giveall you can. ''^Rivers ol blood flowing between us' is morbid nonsense. Forgive me that I speak strongly — I feel strongly. My soul is in my words. . I felt towards my cause as you towards youra, and had I not acted as I have you would be tbe first to think me a craven. But what has all this to do with the sacred ioBtinct, the pure, unbounded love which compels me to seek you as my wife V ? Yon have spoken such words to another,' she said, in a low tone. 'No.- (Never suoh words as I speak to you. 1 could not have spoken them, for then I was too young and immature to feel them. I did love Miss Vosburgli as sincerely as 1 now respect and esteem her. . She is the happy wife of another man. I speak to you from the depths of my matured manhood. What is more, I speak with the ?olemnity and truth which your sorrows should inspired Should you refuse my hand, it will never be offered to another, ana you know me well enough to be sure I will keep my word.' ' Oh, can it be right V said the girl wriDg in* liAr KonilB ' One question will settle all. Can you re turn my love ?' With that query light came into her mind as if from heaven. She saw that suoh love ' as theirs was the supreme motive, the supreme obligation. She rose, and fixed her lovely tear gemmed eyes upon him tesrohingly, as she asked:,. . ' Would «you wed me, a beggar, dowored only with sorrow and bitter memories ?' ; ' I will wed you, Suwannee Barkdale, or no one.' 'There,' she said, with a warm smile, hold ing out her hand, ' The North has conquered again.' 'Suwannee,' he said, gravely and gently, as he caressed the head bowed upon his breast, ' let us begin right. For us two there is no North or South. We are one for time and, I trust, lor eternity. But do not thiok me so narrow and unreasonable as to expect ? that you should think at I do on many ques tions. Still more, never imagine that I shall chide you, even in my thoughts, for love of your kindred and people, or the belief that they honestly and heroically did what seemed to them their duty. When you thought yourself such a hopeless little sinner and I disooverod you to be a saint, did I not admit that your patriotio impulses were as sincere ? M my own 1 As it has often been in tho put, time will settle all questions between yonr people and ours, and time and a better knowledge of each other ?vUl heal our mutual wounds. I wish to re move fear and distrust of the Wraediute future from your mind,- however. I must take you to a Northern home where I can work for you in my own profession, but yon can be your own true self there— just what you were when you first won my honor and «ste«m. The memory of your brare father ?nd brothers shall be sacred to me as well «s to yon. I shall expect you to change your feelings and opinions nnder no othor compul sion than that of your own reason and con science. Shall you fear to go with me now 1 I will do everything that you can ask if you will ouly bless me with your lovo.' ' I never dreamed before that it could be so sweet to bless an enemy,' she said, with a gleam of her own mirthfuluess, ' and I have dreamed about it. Oh, Featon, I loved yon \- unsought, and the truth nearly killed me at first, but I came at last to ba a little - pn'udof it. You were so brave, yet con siderate, so fair and generous towards us, thr.E you banished my prejudices, and you won my heart by believing there was some good in it after all. A white shock of wool, surmounting a wrinkled visage, appeared at the door, and the o-d cook aaid : t ' Missy S'wannee, dere's nnffiin' in de house for sapper bat a lit lie caw n-meal. Ob, dress de Land ! if -iere ain't Cap'n Lane I' 'Give us a hoe-oake, then,' crid Lane, shaking the olrl woman's hand. ? I'd rather su)- with your mistress to-night ok corn-raeal than sit down to the grandest banquet you bav« ever prepared in the pasi. In the morn ing I'll forage ior breakfast I ' Bress de Lawd 1' said the old woman, as shn hobbled away. ' Good times coining now. If I could jes' hear Hissy S'wannee larf once mo' ' — and then see passed beyond hearing. ' Yes. Suwannee, if f could only hear your old, sweet laugh once mor*,' Lane pleaded. ' Not yet, Fenton, not yet— some day.1 (This Emd.| 