AT THE CRICKET MATCH. South Australia has defeated Victoria by 10 wickets, and is undoubtedly the boss cricket State. In the inter- colonial matches Victoria has won 10 and South Australia an equal number. We shall soon set that little matter right. When Victoria only made 252 in the first innings it looked all over with our neighbors, and when we responded with 358 an enthusiastic South Aus- tralian wagered that the Vics. would not make 150 in their second essay. They only made 134. Yet the visitors were a strong team, the strongest that has ever left Mel- bourne, their admirers said. Giffen and Lyons were too good for them. Still, we must unearth another bowler, and there is a great show for a junior. George Giffen eclipsed even him- self in the match. He got 12 wickets for 147 runs, and scored 94 not out. In the opinion of Quiz, George was never in better form than he is just now. With the ball he is irresistible. Of course we had a lot of luck. Everybody admits that. George Giffen played a ball on to his wicket and it did not remove the bails. Bob McLeod kicked a ball on to his wicket and off came the bails. His Satanic Majesty doesn't like Bob. Numbers of catches were missed by our visitors. Well, Giffen missed Harry in the first innings—badly. Dyer has once more shown himself to be a coming man. He plays most dashing cricket, as 40 runs put up in 20 minutes shows, and with just a little more caution will not fail to come off whenever he plays. Joe Darling was more patient than usual, and while Dyer was pasting away for his 102 he was content to wait for the loose balls. Dyer had bad luck in being run out, inasmuch as he slipped and fell a few yards from the crease. If he had been a baseballer he would have got home. Clem. Hill batted like a little warrior. He doesn't know what funk is, but stands up to any bowling with a confidence that many older batsmen might envy. Clem, is already in the first flight of our batsmen, and will yet make an Australian reputation. Walter Giffen was a dismal failure, and might well be replaced by Bennett. Jones on Monday showed what he can do by rattling up twenty-six runs while George Giffen was scoring one. If "Jonah," who has a wonderfully straight eye, would only disregard the cries of the small boys and settle down to steady cricket he would quite often make respectable scores. Harry Blinman, or "Little Banner- man " as he is called, made his runs in a workmanlike manner. Harry can keep his wicket up while someone else is scoring, and though a little chap can lay the wood on when he gets a chance. Worrall, H. Trott, and Mitchell did some excellent fielding for the Victorians. Our men were very good in the field, though Dyer is somewhat lazy. Of the Victorians' bowlers Charley McLeod most takes the popular fancy, and he is undoubtedly one of the four best trundlers in Australia. Albert Trott, though he had no luck, is also a very fine bowler, but Giffen can show them all the tricks of the game. The flight does it. Harry was the Victorian batsman who most pleased the public. Although suffering from an injury sustained in the trip over he batted with wonderful confidence, and there are many who think he is showing international form. He is a fair bat, a fine bowler, and an excellent field. Lyons had a glorious revenge for his ignoble contribution of 2 runs. He took 4 wickets for 25 runs in the Vic- torian second innings, and as he got 1 for 6 in the first try, his average is slightly over 1 for 6, which must be pronounced first class. There are times when Lyons is almost unplayable. When the "rot" set in among, the visitors on Monday people began to blame the wicket, which was certainly worn at the northern end, but Blackham was straightforward enough to admit that the condition of the wicket had nothing to do with the defeat. His men were simply overmatched. The Australian team to play in the first test match against Stoddart's Eleven in Sydney on Friday week has been practically picked, and small fault can be found with its composition. South Australia has four certain representatives—G. GifFen, Lyons, Darling, and Reedman—with the chance of a fifth in Jones, for, as Quiz intimated some weeks ago, Jones is to be taken east and kept as an emergency for wet weather. Victoria will contribute Blackham, H. Trott, and Graham. The latter is hardly worth his place on his present form. New South Wales will have Turner, Gregory, and Iredale. This leaves one man more to be selected, and the choice will probably lie between H. Trumble and C. McLeod, as a bowler is required. It will be seen that Queensland is left out in the cold, or in the heat, whichever you prefer. Coningham, owing to eccentricities of conduct in the field, is pronounced "impossible." He seems to be an exaggerated edition of Jack Noel. Percy McDonnell has not, so far, shown such a return to his old form as to justify his being chosen. He may play in one of the other test matches. Our contingent for the Australian team will leave for Sydney to-day. The boys have some months of hard cricket before them. The second test match will be begun in Melbourne on January 2, the third in Adelaide on January 11, the fourth in Sydney on February 1, and the fifth in Melbourne on March 1. The Norwoods will have an un- happy time of it while Lyons is away. If they can only develop a bowler during the next few months they will confer a distinct benefit on. the cause of cricket. Having defeated the Gimlet Brigade Mayor Tucker ought to take as his coat of arms a broken awl rampant with a Cupid couchant. A member of Parliament with an irritating falsetto voice made himself conspicuous by talking loudly at Mrs. Besant's first lecture. But he talks no matter in what public place he may be, and one night this intolerable nuisance will be fired out. Mr. A. McCormac has just completed a very admirable portrait of Sir Samuel Davenport, in which is some of the best work ever seen from his brush. New Zealand people say it is so hot in South Australia that our fowls lay hard-boiled eggs. Dean Marryat's first appointment in Australia was in 1852 as Chaplain to the convict establishment at Cockatoo Island, Sydney. In 1853 he came to Adelaide, where his uncle, the late Dr. Short, was then Bishop. Sir W. J. Clarke, the Melbourne bart., was born in Tasmania in 1831. He arrived in Victoria in 1850, but did not come into money until 1874, when his father—the apotheosis of meanness—died. When Mrs. Besant was attacking gambling as one of the meanest practices possible one or two pro- minent backers of horses in her audience tried to look pleasant, but failed dismally. Tom Barnfield, how ever, seemed inclined to applaud. The South Australian Company's Flour Mills on the banks of the River Torrens near Hackney were for many years the scene of great activity. The Company used to advertise their flour as warranted to stand the voyage to England and back, and they guaranteed it the produce of South Australian wheat without any admixture. Kermode Street, in the lower part of North Adelaide, was for many years the shopping street of that suburb. In Dr. Garran's book almanac for 1854 there are two advertisements:— Alexander Hay, wholesale and retail grocer, Rundle Street; J. Z. Sellar, grocer and draper, Magill Road, Norwood. Some people went to Mrs. Besant's lectures expecting that she was going to raise ghosts for their special behoof. When no spooks appeared they called the lady a fraud. Sir Matthew Henry Davies, Vic- toria's own Knight, was born at Geelong in 1850, and began business as a solicitor in 1875. Retired from ditto, 1890; defendant, 1892-3; again in business, 1894. The railway between the Port and Adelaide is the oldest railway line in Australia. It was constructed in 1851, and the sum first voted for its construction was £45,000. It was first intended that the terminus should be at the North Arm. A west coast of New Zealand paper has discontinued to print a portion of its contents in Maori. "With some few exceptions," it says, "the Maoris no more think of paying their newspaper subscriptions than they do their tradesmen's bills." The Maoris are in this respect like certain South Australians. Three horses at Ellerslie, N.Z., were declared to have run a dead heat the other day. A Chinaman was equal to the occasion. He rushed to the totalizator office flourishing three tickets. He had backed each of the three horses! Annie Besant, as the result of her experience in the London Docks, talks strongly about the selfishness of the "working classes." "So long as I've got work the rest may suffer," appears to be the motto. The Chairman of the Government Workers' Union (London) has sent the following query to Lord Rosebery:— "Will you, my Lord, ask yourself this question—What must become of the unfortunate girls who receive from 3s. to 7s. a week wages." Men are cracking stones in Broken Hill for 3s. a day. A favorite morning drink of the late Henry Gawler, when he was solicitor to the Lands Titles Office, was fruit salt and whisky. Ex-Mayor Willcox promised that if he were returned as Mayor of the city without opposition he would take the whole of the members of the City Council to the Hobart Exhibition at his own expense. Tucker, however, spoilt the little trip. Lord Kintore means to spend a week in Westralia before leaving for England. He will thus drink some of Mayor Shaw's champagne after all. Mayor Tucker is a native born, and is 37 years of age. The Labor Party sent 'Enery Hadams into the Legislative Council, but could not give him a common Councillorship in the Hindmarsh Corporation. Two views of it—"Jones's a Mormon." "Well, Brown is more mean." The late Rev. R. M. Hunter was an able and an earnest parson, and never, so far as Quiz is aware, endeavored to add to his income by writing leading articles for the daily newspapers. During his visit to the western pas- toral country, McPherson, M.P., was bumped out of the buggy half a dozen times. He is now in a position to speak very authoritatively as to the nature of the soil. He says it is hard —very hard. An Adelaide man is said to be at work on a book entitled "Our First Families," in which he will go back to the genesis of things in a manner cal- culated to depress movers in aristo- cratic circles. At a recent sale of a lady's effects some peculiar correspondence was only just prevented from going into the hands of purchasers. Members of Parliament really ought to be careful in their letter writing. A "converted policeman" is the latest sensation in connection with the Salvation Army down New Zealand way. Some of our common policemen would like to be converted—into corporals. The unfortunate thing about Theo- sophy is that it is as indefinitely unsatisfying as is the odor from a cook shop to a hungry man. Petersburg bids fair to become the Hub of South Australia. Say this to a Petersburg cit. and he will shout for a week. Dear Quiz—What is Owen Smythe? Is he a Nationalist, an "Australian for the Australians," or is he a Home Ruler? Look at the diabolical painting of the coat of arms over the entrance to the Government Offices.— DICKEYBIRD. Nearly all the leading papers in Australia have been making copious extracts without acknowledgment from Clarence Moody's capital little book, "Australian Cricket and Cricketers." A New Zealand Anglican parson said of Annie Besant, "No respec- table person would entertain that infamous woman in his house." And yet his Bishop—Cowie—actually had been entertaining the lady. Annie Besant says a gross is 156. She ought to be made Treasurer of South Australia. The pedagogic Johnnie has been at it again. At the Adelaide Oval on Saturday he was heard to express the hope that Victoria would defeat South Australia. "Why the d——1 don't you go to Victoria?" someone growled. Charles Reade, in his novel, "A Simpleton," tells of a doctor who to add to his professional income went cab-driving at night time, but QUIZ has never heard of a literary man taking to this occupation. Yet on one of our cabs appears the name, " W. J". Sowden." Can the Register editorial writer—perish the thought. In Port Augusta West Corporation there is a ward called Ebenezer. Ebenezer Ward! There are some practical jokers up that way. Two newspaper proprietors contested the mayoralties of Port Augusta and Strathalbyn—Drysdale and Elliot— and both were defeated. White, M.P., has gone back to Coolgardie, and if he "strikes it rich " this time will not return for the third session of this Parliament. White says he prefers digging for gold to listening to Caldwell's prosings. The Rev. James Jefferis states that one South Australian gentleman has in the last twelve months, given away £25,000 to various charities. This is J. H. Angas or nobody. Sir John and Lady Colton had been married 50 years on Tuesday; Lady Colton's name will ever be re- membered in connection with philan- thropic work in South Australia. Kirkham Evans is death on spiri- tualism. He once made poor old Christian Reimers the subject of a ruthless exposure, and his latest has been an attempt to induce Mrs. Besant to produce so-called spirit raps for his behoof. It is reported that the newly elected Mayor of a country town has pro- mised to give a ball, to which every ratepayer will be invited. It will probably be an open-air affair, and the injunction will go forth, "Bring your own victuals." Gas having beaten electricity in the city ratepayers' poll, Secretary Evans last Monday got the first sound sleep he has had for a month. Another poll would have bared his poll. " Freeluncher" in the Gawler BUNYIP says—"Willcox is a good business man, with a scanty supply of grammar to butter his speech." Charley Brown writes from New castle:—"A rather amusing episode occurred during the performance of 'A Life of Pleasure' here. As you know, we require a number of dusky individuals to represent Burmese. We have collected rather a mixed lot, kanakas, American negroes, Afghans, and two aboriginals, both the latter being elderly gents. I am certain it is their first show on any stage, and their appearance was against the desire of their lubras. Whilst the performance was on someone outside told the ladies, for a joke, that their husbands were being shot, and thence forth quite a pandemonium ensued. One of the ladies yelled, 'Where's my husband? You fetch him out. You no fetch him out I bring the police.' While she was thus shrieking she was executing a war dance on the most approved pattern, and eventually his nibs in blue had to be called in to remove our unfortunate country- woman from the scene. She didn't believe in stage realism." The following notice has been conspicuously placed in one of our leading city mercantile houses GAMBLING. NOTICE. Gambling on these premises between the employés of this establishment is strictly prohibited. . Yet it is said that the members of the firm in question are now inviting speculation in some Westralian mining venture in which they are interested! Dear QUIZ—This occurred in our quiet little town a few days ago. Scene — Main Street. Dramatis personæ—Young girl, local medico, and hotelkeeper. Girl in walking along footpath suddenly espies a large snake apparently basking in the sun. Girl calls for help and doctor gallantly responds. Advancing stick in hand he immediately challenges the reptile to single combat, and at last leaves his snakeship in two pieces. Gratitude of girl; modest smiles of hero. Enter hotelkeeper, who, having gone in search of a weapon, is now armed with a ten feet crowbar. Hotelkeeper shouts, "Where's that snake? Leave him to me." Examines the fallen enemy and congratulates the sawbones. Re-examination of corpse. "Why, he's been dead some days." Enter small boys—villains of the piece. "Please, sir, we found the snake dead last night, and we put him on the path for a lark." Disgust of doctor, who, however, remarks, "Well, it would have been all the same if it had been alive." Hat raising. Whisky. Tableau.—ROYAM. The late Henry Gawler once made a wager that he would when blind folded tell the nature of any liquor submitted to him merely by the sense of smell. The bet was decided in the Prince Alfred Hotel in the old days. Brandy, whisky, rum, beer, kerosine, and a number of other liquids were presented and correctly described. At last a glass containing water was placed under the nose of the son of one of South Australia's earliest Governors. "What's this?" he said, sniffing earnestly. "There's nothing in the thing." "Oh, yes, there is," was the reply. "Then, gentlemen," said Gawler, "I acknowledge myself beaten. It must be something with which I have never had any practical acquaintance !" Another. Scene—The Prince Alfred Hotel, in George Aldridge's time. The hour is late, and Gawler is being urged to return to his domicile. Among the convives is a well-known undertaker, Ups. "There's Ups going your way. Why not go home with him?" "No, no. Ups is a very good sort of fellow, and when I want professional assistance of the nature he can give he shall have the job; but I'm d——d if I'm going to drive home with him. When he and I travel in company I shall be an inside pas- senger, and Ups will be walking in front with trimmings on his hat! Good night, Ups." A capital joke was recently per- petrated on the champion practical joker of Newcastle, New South Wales, whose cognomen is Jack Sullivan. For years he has been connected with the shipping business in one way or an- other. From being the boss-bantam of a sailors' boarding house he is now a full-blown stevedore of Coalopolis, and his main occupation has been that of a "practical jokist." He had been bragging about his powers as a cricketer and bowler to a local cordwainer, one Fennelly, and the latter bet him a plain "quid" that the said stevedore could not bowl him out in an hour. Well, the match came off on a Sunday morning on the local cricket ground. The "snob" appeared before the blatant "stevedore" with a small bat of the kind generally used to play rounders. He informed his an- tagonist that he did not intend to use that for the contest. The jokist, in language more forcible than com- plimentary, told him "he did not care a lemonade what he used." The leather merchant retired, and presently pro- duced an enormous bat about 3 feet 6 inches high and 18 inches wide, with a spike 6 inches long fixed in the bottom. He asked for "block," and stuck his bat in the ground right in front of the middle stump. You can imagine the look on the retired hash-house proprietor's face. He moved off very much crest fallen, and parted up the "ooff" with a smile that would have annihilated at two yards. At an up-country cricket match in one of our northern townships, situated close to the borders of Goyder's magical line of rainfall, there was a member of the team who used when times were good to occasionally worship at the shrine of Bacchus, and who to economise when times got bad knocked off lubricating for some months, and was actually seen in the vicinity of the pump-handle apostle's dominions. However, either the excitement of the cricket match or the heat of the last few days in- duced this individual to fortify him- self for the fray with a flask of whisky, and he had the extra- ordinary good luck to carry his bat through the innings. On retiring from the ground he was immediately seized by the local pump apostle, who shrieked, "See the result of being a teetotaller." Then he was con- gratulated by a disciple of Bacchus, who said, "You deserve a butcher for that, old man. Come along." "Many thanks," replied the cricketer, "I only had time to have two pints before the game began, and if it hadn't been for the flask I am sure I could never have done it." The disciple of the pump vanished like the Tantanoola tiger disturbed by a South- Eastern warrior, and portions of his coat-tails are still to be seen hanging to a barbed-wire fence! Two amateurs fishing on the Glenelg Jetty had a wager of "drinks for the party" as to who should catch the first fish. Well," said one of them after the transaction had been booked, "I feel somewhat thirsty now. What do you say if we stroll along to the pub and have a toothful for luck." No sooner said than done. When they returned a few minutes later one floater was noticed to be under the water. "Hurrah!" cried the owner, "I've won," and he whipped up his line with an energy that was irre- sistible. "Pay up, old man; pay up," he said as he landed his catch. "Pay up, be hanged," replied the other, "that fish of yours has been hanging about this jetty for two days. Can't you smell it?" And then the bold fisherman made a dash for some innocent-looking schoolboys who had been dumb witnessess of the whole affair, but as no man was yet known to catch an active lad when there was any scrambling down the piers of a jetty to be done, the perpetrators of the hoax may be presumed to be still laughing in their sleeves. "You have no idea," writes Meph, "how business is conducted in some parts of South Africa. Justice, sir, is of a purchasable value. One of the highest officials has been known to say that he could see no wrong in a member taking a couple of thousand dollars for his vote. When you pay your money you are generally safe unless the Opposition goes one better, in which case the Opposition gets what is wanted. But your money is retained all the same, and that is what they call justice! It is quite right. How? Well, don't you see you have tried to get an injustice done. 'But,' you say, 'the beggar took my money and wouldn't give it back.' Precisely. That was justice—the justice to his family which presented him doing an act of injustice to them. They will be orphans some day, and there is a particular L for the spoiler of the widow and orphan." "Well, how is the cricket?" asked the dainty Hebe, referring to the recent match in Melbourne, as her Sunday boy came in for his eleven o'clocker. "Englishmen all out second innings for 288," he replied as he clutched a foaming butcher. "Do you think the Englishmen will win?" said she pensively. "Yes," he re- plied from the depths of his glass. "I don't," she cried. "Why?" he questioned. " Because they're too gross," said the maid. "But," he replied, "they're not very fat now; they've been ashore nearly a fort- night." "Nevertheless I say they're too gross," she murmured as she served more stingo. Then as he finished his beer it struck him that two gross were 288.—TOM BOY. "Are you going to the strawberry feet?" he asked as he was making his way in a blundering fashion out of the tramcar. "No," she replied with an agonised expression on her face, "but I should like to inform you that you have just paid a visit to the corn feet," and she tucked her tootsies under the seat and tried to sum up a smile suggestive of strawberries and cream. "I say the old saying will hold good now." "What old saying?" "Why, 'Money makes the mare to go.' " "I don't follow you." "Well, old Willcox has got plenty of money, and—don't you see it?" "Cumanave- adrink." In the event of any death occurring in the new City Council relatives of the deceased may rely upon their requirements being looked after on the shortest notice. Councillors Downs and Wells will be only too pleased to perform the office of measuring, screw- ing down, and planting, and if any thing in the shape of a stone to perpetuate the memory of the dear departed is needed, Councillor Darby will be on hand with the latest designs. All that is now wanted is a parson to read the service, and now that Smeatom is gone there seems to be no one suit- able for the position.. Why should the Victorian cricketers make good Christy minstrels? Because they've always got a man to Blackham up. One of the jokes of the small fry at the late cricket match was, "Garn, Trott. You can't make our George trot." 