THE STORYTELLER. STELLA.. A STUDY. ft\ Mrs. l. l. Lewis. Gofl'-flhi JMs tieaven, ADto'riKfct.witih theHrorM.1" HrcmT.t8j;:j"R^paI1Vffi6ftsr" Cbaptbb VII. He bad written to her— "Stella, innspite of all, Tloveyouasa man loves hut onoe in his'iife. -Again, I -ask you to many me." In reply had cornea little notewith that foolisli serpent device, and he had gone, in answer to her summons, to her uncle's house. The sun was low when he -entered the drawingroom, and the iirilliant colours of a sunset diooded the west, upon "which the windows opened. The broad verandah partially shaded the room, bUt "the light'fell up<»h Stella's face, and he saw she'looked pale. He saw, too, thst the cornets of the piteous'little mouth were more dmwn down thane ver.and for the iirettimethut there were dark shadows under the beautiful ayes. She hud suffered, and he was glad, for without suffering there could be no salvation. "1 haveaent for you," she said, "but only to say good-bye. Ab!" she exclaimed, sud denly, as she looked in his face and realised what she had dona There were furrows in his forehead and white baits about the temples she had never seen before. " What pain I have caused yon 1 Oh, I am sorry !" and she sank in a chair, looking paler than ever. "Von have, indeed,"replied Noel, looking at her with mingled love and sadness. "With your child-like, angelic semblance, how can your tale be true 1 But let us fotgeft, it from this moment. Let as begin now a life from which that record is erased." " Do you really believe, Noel, I could many you now? I might have wickedly done so when you were ignorant of my past, but It would be Quite, Quite Impossible now." "Stella!" "Quite, quite impossible," she repeated, " Your love woahlcool as years wen ton, and then you would know wbst you now forget, that you debase me, and t should see it, should tee! »4 and go quite mad." " f should bexer love you teas." " You would.' I am full of faults. _ I would not marry you, Nod, to gave you and myself from a death of torture." "Then why am I here?" " Because," she said, in a voice of infinite tenderness, *?I u^t to ttHtnk you fot yotir love, your generosity—totell you you have saved me. I should have sunk lower sod lower. Now, I shall not do sd. I should some day Ita^rm' igoki^.4baMdit' graded suppliant, 6h, I tolil you truly do not love him; but he had a pOWef oyer me I could not resist—a fatal attraction that drew me to him through everything. Ybtt have broken that spelt, Noel, and t will never see him ageing You have done megood, and I thank you. I bless you fof lt" She laid her head on bis shoulder and wept gently. "And do you think now I oould let you go? Now that you have confesaedfam beneficial to you ?" She raised her head and looked Into bis face. "How strange, how cruel life is! How cruel to you, poor Noel! You might have beep happy had you loved a different woman, as now you never mm be. And there are so many good women in the world! How cruel thai you should have loved me! "Come what may, I shall never regret it" " Do you really mean that? I am so glad. You see, I am selfish to che end." " I shall never regret it, I shall never leave you, Stella. I shall never give op hope that some day you willmarry me. But how white you are! Are you ill T . " I am very tired. I have not slept." " Would you sleep now for a little if I left your' asked the young man anxiously, think ing only of her.. The hand he held clasped his own ner vously, as if to keep- him, and then turned nerveless and limp ih his grasp; " Perhaps," she replied "you had better go, Noel. There-is no moteto be said," " I will come back thiB evening." " No, not to-night." .. "To-morrow, then; I must see yon to morrow." " To-morrow I"' ahesighed deeply. " Yes, you may see me- tomorrow."' - . " Gooddiy^.tiisaisnir'tHte^o^'-l^i^ii^V to-night. You ain^iteS^aaSteSjpy " Good-bye." 'suadM^ *&« buw^in^j^ fit of paraionate^wee)jdntg oh, don't let^e'du^ " You never .iMUQI^ JTilgK?^iMn^'1V^:iinDNR^ rest now; Tb-mom>w morning: T will come again." ^ ; He was untiBrved himself, andi oouldi bear the straihinb- longer. gently, Fop a- momenkaheolimg: tteBlmK and then mid again badfeliira-go.. Long fttterhe*bad!deplrt4ed: shp? remained' weeping, just llSlbiri siie went toheriikftel AMviendlngwotd-tb' Iwas^ehingandlsiie her ropther tih; would'notap] _ . There* she when her ««$*: room. Stella closed her eyes as if asleep, and presently she was alone again. She waiteq until die departing footsteps died in the distance, and- then she rose, looked her door; dnd lit her candles. She was very pale, bnfqritruMto ttML She sat long by die table, her head on her hand. "T^rtrbbtlier way," she murmured V*' it must be done." She opened a box and tookfroroitnloeked jauffoho. From this she drew a photograph, awl looked at it until it seemed to mesmerise .Sfi " Was of a man, no longer young, but sail remarkably handsome. The brow and • rtfg,pB wets^^iniptifioentr, hut- their- fine \- _n . / iUtel1efct«4l promise 'was marred toy the cynical expression that characterised the whole face, by thedeep tines f rom the nostrils tot/he comers of the month, and toy teewco'ff- j ing expression of the mouth itself, the lips ■seeming to curve themselves into a sneer, i even on the lifeless paper. Stella writhed as she erased on those lips, for the sight of them brought back to her mind, not alone their early passionate hisses, but still more SWPndythotoifter ieeis that had issued from - them later on, even the mere remembrance of which ncariymaddcned her. ~^Why hau^toe been so cruel to her—she had wondered then —when she hadstwriticed all for her love toihimV InthepaStshe had found nb answer to her questionings—now:i t was clear enough. Bad as his reputation was, he did not care tohuve tile rulnof a-yottngittirl intohs own position ih life added-to the list of his -reoognwedniis deeds, and so great Was her infatuation that nothing bht !the utmost crhelty Could 1 havedrlven her sway from him. Hfe had I never loved her—that Wheknew ftill well— j ahe httd toeen 'but the plaything of an hdiir, J tohfeterown aWay when itceased topiease. She had ireen to blame, >5hfe knew'that, too, right well, vihe had knownhe Could oever tnarry 'her,;Und'yetshe -had Shown Her love for him^hafltoeenfrote ;the 'first uhre sistingin his hands, And even how, as she gueed athispOrtrait, like a Wave of delirium the old Ipassion 'Came over her. ;Bhe was frightened <Ut4ts force, aghast at her own weakness. Che rried to burn the photograph, but could not; she felt as though she were tryingto injure a living'thing, " That decides it!" she exclaimed, falling baok inibtir chair. "I atn not titto live." Afteria kittle she rose heavily and wearily, and wetit%6 the Ooor. She softly Opened Jit and crept dOwnthe passage to her mother's room. She saw there was a light in it, and she harried badk to her own. " Too late'!" she exciaitoed in despair. "Why did4 uOt Wo before. IteifetWfeitOhiiil, she isasleep. ShaM 4 ever have the courage to 4 see no<dttoOr WSy.ff 4 'j Rye, S!nd kOatfy Noel, 4 shall Utterly rain his life. If 1 do hot msity bite, 4 srhail go to J iritis. I know St Sooald hot Seep sway. Tire old inlatostiOh Sb . upon me, even now.. t shomd grovel before him, <and he would tell me again that 4 bored him. HoW ingenious of him to call me a bore? What could I rlo but fly after that ? Slow hopeless to toe a bore —Ah irremediable bore 1 " Yw, 4 must die. I api tried ahd COn- s demUed. ttoW WttStoge it IS 1 Why do 4 feel I 4 must die? la there a thai after all, «Ud is i this His mabffeataftoh ? Oh Oqd I if VoU are ■ there, pardon^ my aids," she cried, lalhp£ On \ her knees with upstretched urmB. "Ill ami about to commit another and great greater sin, for give that too—lot tsOe no other way. 1 do toot] want to die—4 am eo young—but 4 aee too ] other way,* 1 Prostrate, she wept and Bobbed. Her hour j "There is a Uosll she cried;, sitting Up with dilated eyes, " There ts &otnething; out side Us5" This sttabge feeling dried her teats and calmed her agitation, but did not sheet her purpose of eelt-deetruction, which more than ever seemed to her an imperative act of ek piatlun, In a kind of ecstasy she waited,febtiohlbBs, until wll the house *«& sUlLaad the hull ciock hsd iMtaed midnight, Then she Stele again to hfef mother's foom, opened the door, ot I mother from the,bed,- • "It I, Mummy, I want Some matchem? • i^iHateafe some* dear* by titf img BteUU iMk theW up.aisd with tiiefethe tlilhi shehadiealiyoptneteseeki ■--'fEM MMkftid; Wiling Oft herkneeaby the bed, "f item elWkj* tittfl a naughty girl, but you Will forgive fife, ,. " My dear child, don't excite yourself, T6ij are trembling. Go to bed at once. YOu'il catoh cold. What have you got in yOui hand T' " Your chloral. I want to sleep," "Be very careiul yon doii't take too tench: | Half & dose Will be enough for you, perhaps, as yon she hot in the habit of taking it . Now go to bed, and don't be wandering aboUt the house like a tiresome ghost Yon wilt be tit for nothing to-morrow." i> c,aii. <ii To-morrow 1' thought Stella, " HOW strange—no more to-teorrows 1" . Quite calm now, and very solemn, she went back to her roote. " No one most see this," she said, taking np the photograph that was still lying op the table. " I will not jobk at it agate," and resolutely she held it in the oandle fiatee until it was Octroyed. " Ahf* ran ekdaimed, With' a deep-dra#n sigh,• Then1 looked long at tee bottle of "Ts oppose it will only be like sleep Poor mother,she will think it Was ah.accident-; but Noel, ,he , will know ,better. I ate cruel to teete ftete;: teW Will Sntfer, but they Wltett suffer nteiC if I lived. , And all tee pwtefe ftt jSt- JwS—what WiH they think? IfcW ctMriyTO&fr;&e; teiem ail; and the beach them, with the gteait WaV^ breaking on the detent lOokSi attd tefe Viigte- gnd Child on tee highest point towering above the wild waters! The cute, too.- f thipk he will guess. He knows so niUch- He lookwl me through when last 1 spoke tlo' bite: I' WaS' afrftitl he woold mad'teyteOU^ite; PeteUjI ' if t had teld1 ttite ufH JM' WdUtehkve teiw> wMwmm made nto*peitoeftil<nutfi" " 1 teteugh> ^^^^hdoW^dte dtetteyrr,.. rwt i TSieteaheUtdd herself-on bWb^U off the fatal; draught, and oomposed' heteelt axiftosleep. 