P0IBT AND PARR!. I fBt 'Ahamis,'] It ii the unexpected that happens, and the Jesuit of the debate on the Mount Lyell Bailway Biil baa proved no exception to the common role. It was expected that it would be rejected, beoauee it wm not believed that m majority ot any B6 amiible men— it the members of Parliament will permit me 10 to describe them— wonli asrroe to each k pre Sostereus proposal as tbat net forth ia the 111\. Bat It was not expected that tbe ?Majority woald be so decisive as 19 to 9. This was certainly * surprise and, looking over the division list, 1 * fe?l inclined to ?xolaim with the oid German professor, 'Heinl heinl 1 bat me s-me suspicions. 1 smell ue some rite,' for I fancy 1 see there several names that would have appeared on the other eide had it not become cvidont daring the debate that burnt brand; w?uldn'tsavo the Bill. Seeing this, discretion dictated going | with the bigger crowd, and so Bivlntf credit . by psnring water on the drowned dog. U I was a happy idea, and prevents many tuture I references to an unpleasant past, The man upon whom the failure of the rather ! audacious attempt ta work the public credit for private .benefit will Jail m-.-Bt heavily 5b ondoabtcdly Mr Bowes Kelly, the chairman of the board of dircctcis, who having made one big rise out of Broken Hill anticipated repeating the pleas&nt; experience in con nection with Meant Lyel). * He ie evidently a gentleman whose usgocKtion with mining has taught him th«tt nothing is to be gained by an overstrained modesty, anl therefore I take it that bis instruction to tbe drafts man engaged ts prepare ths B,U wjb entirely comprehended in tbe direction, 'Open thy snoath wide &nd; it shall be fiUei.' 1 Certainly he did open his month wide enoagh, and gave to the words issuing there* from a good round Cumberland accent. But Mr Bowes Ktlly's calculation tbat it would be filled, to temptingly paraded at the re cently held Melbourne meeting, has been badly disappointed. The idea no doubt was I the V.D.L. Bank Lottery Bill, and now 1 can imagine that miRh'y mining magnate fitting himself down, mourning over atl his ?battered hopeB, jingling the last lew chil ling! in his packet, and aalirnantly mangling Tennyson in something like the following MONODY. Broke, broke, broke, For the gamo is all D P, And I woald tost my tongne could nttcr The thoughts that arise in me, Which i fmu wvuid #jve cxpreesion By the nsc of a big, big D. O, well lot the fortunate few, Whobe dive, for their labor atone; O, well for the happier man Who has cleverij 'aaded his lean j Eat the music of mimng for me. Now sobs itstilf out in a moan. And the stately ' tiles' go down That we mi.de oat of broken Hill, I And oar scrip in the Mount of Lyell , Mast go through the common null ; I Ah, mc I for the toceh of some vanished 1 hand, i To have coaxed then to pass that Bill. ? Broke, broke, broke ! l la the echo that filU the air ; 1 Broko, broke, brok-j ! Is the wail of my own despair ; Oh, for some teilcw of wide resource, 1 To help me sit down au-i swear. i The revision of tha tar.fi is juet ^bont completed, and the next thing to do is to get some faint glimmering of tbe chants recently effected iuto ue hates of Customs officials. This vill net be difficult where the effect cf the alteration ie to give them an opportunity of getting their little knife more scientifically into the body politic, or, to pat ic in other wor ds, of getting their fingers itill deeper down into the prckits of the^ breeches covcritig the legs of that body politic. Bnt, if tbe changes work the other {way, it will tt»ke at leurt tix months for any ray ot lignt on tbe en^j;ct to penetrate the official density. BtiU, even this rnlc hae its exception, as was proved same many mantes ago, when a Hobart firm imported through the post a few d:z?n of 'gold shells' for Illuminating purposes. Before this it bal been in the habit of paying the 20 per csnt, duty levied on artists' material bs fancy goods, and at this rate it was fully pre pared to pay again. Tbe duty *re-ald have amounted to abont half a sore-reign, but while the delivery clerk wan looking np the tariff, the head of the Ccaioms Department casually looked in, and the mutter we.s promptly referred to bim. ' F&iat;, paint,' said the authority, 'ha'-psnny a pound. What's the weight ? Lei's see. Oh, abont three pouad ; say three h&'-peece.' ' What's that V said the head cf the Postal Denirt meat, wao chanced to poo ic at th*1 moment, And the matter was itgain explained. ' Three ha'*pence be hanged,' aald he. ' Look be-re, Boyei, if you think I'm going lo collect a paltry three ba'-punce for yoar confounded department, yon are wofclly mistaken, Practically free ; here, take them aw*y,' and the one man who kacw any thing about the business thankfully carted off his gold shells, kept bii gold cola in his parsj, and blessed Heaven for sealing him to sach vigilant guardians of the public revenue. j Tbe reverse of the picture is, however, presented by tbe case of tbe Launceston arlists' color-man who required the local officials to pass Winsor and Newton's color tabes as paint at Jrt per ponnd, and pointed oat the item on the schedule, 'Paint of every description one halfpenny per poond.' I believe this was rigbt, but, to tbe i official mind, the idea was revolutionary and not to be entertained tor a moment. There- i tore voluminous correspondence followed with Hobart, and a sample was forwarded to prove ihat the material really was punt and nothing e'se. In due coure? the reply 1 came. Bomethiacr to thm Sir —I am directtdby Mr Henry to acknowledge receipt of yonr letter aud accompanying sample ef paint. I nm ins~ructei to puint- oat tuat It ?« *(-t an ordinary paint, therefor-'', ia the pinion at the Treasurer, it cannot be re garded as a paint within tbe meaning oltbs schedule.' fcis is simply a magnificent , Specimen of official logic, tnd if I bud not Been the irttcr I should be dieoosed ts regard the story of artists' colors as eno artistic ally colored to product the desired humorous efijet. But the Brisbane s-reet firm still holds it in black and whit?. First the schedule says, ' PaintB of every deicripticn, jd per pouud.' fieconrtly, the official de spatch ackcoWedges receipt of a sample of paint. Thirdly, it iB not s.n ordinary de scription ot paint, And, fourthly, it cannot be regarded as paint. Tcese inflections, which reverse tbe order of creation, And oat of something make nothing, Are ing'rnioua if not ingenuous, and recall tbr= coura^nt&ry; : the celebrated naturalist, Ouvier, on ib'a work of a rival savant, who dcectioed a cr^b as a red fish that walks backwards Cuvier declared that the description wta perfect but for the objections that the crab is not red ; tbat it is nut a fish ; and that it does not walk backwards. 11 Whero the carcaBe is there will theeaaics be gathered together,' f^ys *.i:c apobto'ic writer, and the texc patrgeptcd c jjrigonjit j train of ratlo'tior.s to m-? in sc»aa-;ij trie debate and divitioa jibt oa cus ti-ticn oi Oaptain ciilcp, h&viag; fov o'1 j ctioc t'ue extinction of the itiira Ja^etliip. Tntro were only nine vo^p c«st agzmet si ; /cur were tho^e of Hinisicrs, aud four were those of Mtssre. Cltirx. Lewis, TJrqnhart, and Qi:^j;e, all iliuscriuus Knd gallant members of tbe U^viiV. Own T.hb perfectly accirds with tbe ctern 1 htness of j things, and verifies the api»lolic a:biea«.'bi, i as will be seeu by fcli'iw.Dg tu-j trom ot 1 tiougbt it su^jtet.sj, Ea^:e ataad6 f-jr t:j« j Eastern vulture, tho:e ic a-c-.h p.-s u£ incarid ; plains and wastes which u^m to tiock, aa *1 { iutormcd by eoace keener inp* ?. net t nan wt can I c?mpreVie3d lj its p;-ot wLctc the leg-wosry ; camel has fallen out of the line, or av,v ' ether quarry may be piop.riui- to ^i.Tc up ' the ghost The moment before tLc dyin^ , beast sinks to earth not a bird io vieibls. ! The moment after, there is a bkek epcck away on the horizon, then another ard 1 another grow ont of the dim distance . ill tie air becomes vibrant with the ru?h if winps .to tbe banquet of death. Beru we havo no 1 vultures— save the vultures of the law. - Their congeners are oar carrion crows, who are awfully suggestive of legal babits and ! relationship as, like featherea gentlemen cf 1 tbe black robe, they fit ar.d argue oat a lengthy caws-list, tbe general reeuitti r-f whleb are certain to go against the uniorlu- ; nate jambaok or bromb'.c Piient lyin? theie ' In the paddock, and bones* they pre pose to pick as olean ai a whistle between thorn. Still, there is honor even among— lawyers, and the Scotch folk aay that ' Corbies winna pyke out cobbles' een.*' Heao? the story of that debate avd division list can be beet told i n a new version, slightly 1 altered in the matter ot number and ether wiss about roua VLiOK 0B0W6. There's a Wi.il cn tbe wind and a taint on the air, Say Lewis and Gilmoro f what and from where ; O sweep the horizon, yon, Urquhart and Olark, The cau«iQ and the carcase discevor and mark, It'd savor is sweet to the nose of the law, So swoop on tho corpse with a festive 11 caw caw.' By the Pop^l its a Judge in his wig and the gown, And the jiakals are busily rnnning him down I Quick fly to his aid o'er hie feet they enmosh, For wo can't let thos9 blackguards assail the ' profttsh xuac crow won c cat craw is a reoogoiBoa eaw, Bo down to hie siie with an angry ' caw caw.' It may give to our feelings a bit of a wrench) Thus to show the dear love of the Bar for the Bench; But if by this prooeBi hie life be shonld lore, What becomes ot onr chance to step into bit shoes? Se fight for His Honor with beak and with oJaw, And drive off tbe brutes witb onr noisy ' caw Yon Olark, or you Lewie, will score on tbe day When he hands in his checks in tbe natural way. And your proper promotion will leave the AG,, As a snug little billet for Urquhart or me ; So never a jackal shall waggle his jaw O'er a Judge, without rousing our angry Perhaps when Mounts Huxley and Lyell both boom They may on the Bench for more Jndgct make room ; And then, you may venture on taking long odds, We may all of aB chum In with Adams and Dodds, So r«lly in force to the aid of the law And frighten all foes with onr loudest 41 caw c*w.' I c&n;'t resist tbe tfmpt&tian; to toll at this point a little story I recently heard at t^ie expanse of a certain legal gentleman. He in company with several other legal and political luminaries was on a long rail journey, and with them was a genial Irish priest, who, to beguile the tedium of tbe way, had joined them in a gam a at penny nap. At one point ot the game in searching bis pockets for small silver the priect fished out a threepenny bit. lmme» diiteiy tbe legil gvnilcman exclaimed, 1 ' Hi, ha ! Father, 1 eec yon have had your fingere in the collection plate ' His rcver* 1 enc* pautel, fix-:d the aodicLone one with hu glittering eye, f.o i in tones of tbe most Wi.cbi.riQg (c?leslaeticcvl scorn retorted ' I am ae.onoded, Mr Gilquhart, tbat yon, ' sir, in. the presence ot this honorable com pany, ehonL-t have ihe br&s;n effrontery to reoogn\S3 your own contemptible contribu- | tloa,' ; The cummotioa created at tb*) beginning ol the week over the engagement of tbe unem ployed ucggcits rather c&ustic; commentary : upon the spirit in which they aocept tbe ellorti maie on their bsbalf. One would ! bare thought frcm all tbat his been heard about th-i privations to which they are sub jected that their chief concern woald be to gut work, not to civil about the ohannel tbrough which it w*b offered. Here, bow* i ever, it ie evident tbat one woc'.d make a 1 grand mistake, acd th*t sentiment playe - first fiidtc to necessity's second. The Mayor ; Einply followed tbe n«u-vl custom ot refer- I ring to Mr Oameron, who, as the secretary : ot the Benev;l nt Society, has the best possible means of knowing the men avail* u.blc, and thoie whete cases are so argent as to give them firet claim to relief. Herd it must be remembered that it is ' relief,' not regu-r cmplo/ment at nominal wages, that is offered for acceptance, and the man in - want aubj'cts his family to a cracl wrong In ; demurring to tbe means through which it ia , extended, To say that men would be 1 dcmorMiicd, pauperised, or loso one tittle of : their self respect by accepting employment gentleman who happened to be secretary of ! a Benevolent Society, is, to my mind, the very ; height of abauriit'y, and the putting for- j w&rd; of euch a plea on their behalf is ; calculated to deprive them of the sympathy 1 and enpport they woald otherwise receive. What citizm is there in different position who, If be wanted employment for himself or bis sons, would hesitate to cccept it on Mr Cameron's nomination or recommendation? ; Wonld yon, Mr Aldermm Barrett J Yon, j i M.r Engineer Rowley f Yon, Mr Secretary I ! Hales ? cr wonl i I ? Not much ; and are we less conc^rnelahsut maintaining our self- respect than others.' I think not. I honor the man who guards bis self esteem as the appla of bis eye. It ia his last valuable possession, and losing tbat he censse struggling, throws np hie hr-ndf, goes under, and joins the sub merged tenth. Bnt I draw a big dis tinction between tbe genuine article and it* pinchbeck imitation, and I am afraid that there has been more dispotition to ttlk I ab'iut. than to cone-rve the quality. Yet ! here I am forced to donbt the correctness of | my own general conclusions when I see a j broad- minded, level-headed, and thoroughly 1 judgmatic man like Patter Wright support- 1 ing the electors, and condemning the action of the Mayor. Did hie sympathy with Buffering humanity run aw&y; with bis dis cretion, or is tb'i kink in the coil ot my own reasoning process? Which? 1 leave the decision to the funeral public, but, certainly, to my 6ars the tcbo nf some tmoLg th% Albert Ha1! speeches bear something like this sort of a ring. ' OUB rnoxEBT. Mr Chairman, are we helots? ChKt id what 1 want to know, That this pura3-proud, haughty tyrant Darei to treat his betters eo» An -, to pus the case politely, Either lie muht eat the leek, Or we'll have to promptly sit on What 1 c*J1b bia frozen check. I Wata't it cnouch and over I That b* ' Burkfd'' ua in tho fight Ov.ir ilr K. h. Murray, Ancl hia blurned electric light .' But tnis !a.te*c Ma; oral outrage, As a ecandaioua dcvinc, For our deep humiliation, Wc wou't stand at flny Price, Ic was bsd oaougfc, my mothers, That hir duty be shonld sbitk, Ac ! wu.-n wc r. quired sesLajf.uce Offor us ;-.in ? Io)J4.;c' w^rk ! And, vro',1 refuss it, Tr:i ; v.-' 1 lot Hi* IVorssi'j Vao.v, Tl:l h-.V hoy {? S'ilid ais is&iT; iiiroLga our Wording Man's Bureau. If xi? rio^'c, but goes fiomo other Way to lay ns on tb«i jjb, Wiich, of course, wants so badly ; I'n feu. y .u endps, b? h-jlp me Bob, Though OUL- c-ise ia very urgent, And tbe tinob is rather slack, Mayor and uiighty railway magnate, Boib will have to cake it Back. Ain't wt free ai:d independent '0;-hv sons uf toil Got * rigb to citim onr pcriion OC -? b c. Jason public apuil ? -Ti- di ic no ted ui priftiag With -.vnr Itxryns. anu cur iunp.s, And in Free^sm's sacred eervioe Almost worn away our tongaes ? And shall we permit these tyrants When we ask them for onr own At their pleasure to insnlths By their bigh-falstin tone 1 Wbile, to get & chance of tucker, Patiently and cap in hand, Baldly, shamefully subservient ffe, the Lords of Labor, stand. Lot thsm ceae anl ask politely Throagb our Albert Hall Bureau Wet's onr terms t nd hours ot labor. When and white we'd like to go, Or eur flood of wrath ahall sweep 'em From each chair and «ffioe desk( Worse than ever any delnge Bwamped that olncaie Invsresk, Let them tell ns to onr faces, Are we slavt s or arc we not f Have the eacred rights of Labor Absolutely gone to pat f Shall the mighty porereign people Bise and settle Prloe's hash ? Or have all. our grand traditions Clone to everlasting smash ? 0, my comrales I O, my brothers 1 Let oar protests londly tell How theee base ioslnnendoes, We indignantly repel. Or prepare to let oar tyrants, As in brass, this sentence carve, That we free and independents , Mast elect to work— or starve. 1 have heard a good etory told of a certain German Jew, whose name might have been Samuel, only it wasn't, and who had recently takca a partner into hia basinets. Questioned on tbe subject he very freely admitted:— 4,Ja dot vos qoido true; I gots me ein pardner ; he goes da money and 1 gots da continued, laying his finger to' his note, and winking his alter ego , 'I gots da money nad he gots da oxperienoe,' An amusing variant on the same story oomes to me from a certain Tasmanian mining ceutre, where a number of reeidents bad | met to arrange about raising f ands tor the purpose of presenting one whom they all admired with a testimooial. The subject had been thoroughly discussed, when one arose and said : ' Gentlemen, as I have had I ooatiderablB experience in connection with I this eort of thing, perh*pa my services wonld be valuable if yon appointed me secretary and treasurer.' Straightway arose another and remarked : ' Gentlemen, as I have had considerable experience of the last speaker, 1 strongly recommend that we do nothing of the sort.' And they didn't, 