DIOCESE OF PORT AUGUSTA. A NEW MISSION CHURCH. St. Isidore Agricola Church, Bendleby. THE BLESSING OF THE BUILDING. We have received the following report in reference to the opening ceremony of the above church:— . It is always gratifying to record the steady, substantial, onward march of the church, wherever it may take place. To a Catholic journalist there is no theme so ac ceptable as the noting Of even the minutest details which accompany the ceremony by which a new place of sacrifice is added to the many, temples of Christendom. It is often difficult to select topics on which to dwell in the columns of a newspaper. But surely no ecclesiastical function can claim the attention of a Catholic editor more than the erection of a new sanctuary for the worship of the Most High. The dedication with august Catholic rite of a new church, however humble it may be, is quite enough to make a festival, and if a festival to rejoice the hearts of all sincere Catholics. On Sunday, April 15, the Catholics of Bendleby and its surroundings met to wit ness the blessing of their new church, which adds to the diocese one more centre of faith and devotion, another link of unity and authority knitting and binding them still more strongly to the universal Shepherd and flock of Christ on earth, and verifying that the faithful all over the earth " being many are still one body in Christ" (Bom. xii. 5). What a glorious thought! what a grand solemnity! while the world is doing all it can to scatter and disperse, to pull down and destroy, the Church of God ever and anon continues her peaceful work, and as of old seeks to extend the tents of Israel. Is a sanctuary of devotion required to be set up in the busy city or amid the country woodlands and the broad, fields F At once she endeavors to gain an entrance, for she adapts herself to all circumstances to win souls to Christ. She is omnia omnibus— " all things to all men." The children of the church, therefore, unitedly rejoice in the ties of the one indivisible faith, the ever-inspiring bond of hope, and the holy fellowship of charity, and they must fain make common festival, when they see their Holy Mother manifesting to the world her undivided unity and sanctity, unfolding herself in all her pristine apostolic beauty, and teaching and inviting all men to come to her maternal bosom. The celebration then at Bendleby—and every such festival—may be looked upon as a signal instance of the vitality of the church. The situation of the Bendleby Church is amidst the broad acres and fields. The dwellings of the inhabitants are scat tered for miles around the church building. The congregation which assembled on the day was a large one for the place; it at least filled the sacred edifice, and of non Catholics there were, it is said, not a few. The energetic and worthy pastor of the district, the Eev. Father B. Doyle, had made all the necessary arrangements, and they were carried out with great precision. Owing to the present delicate state of the health of the Bishop (the Bight Be v. Dr. O'Beily) the blessing of the new build ing was, by the leave of the bishop, per formed by the Eev. Father Norton, of Petersburg. The ceremony was begun at the main entrance to the building, by the recital of the prayer. " Direct, we beseech Thee, O Lord, all our actions," &c.; Then a circuit was made of the entire walls on the outside, the 50th psalm, the Miserere mei meantime being' recited, and the people, marching in procession before the acolytes and cross-bearer, while the exterior was aspersed with holy water. When this had been done, arrived once more at the front door, a beautiful prayer was offered, viz., "O Lord God, who, though heaven and earth cannot contain Thee, art pleased to take up Thy abode on earth, wherever Thy name is constantly invoked: we be seech Thee to visit with the joyful counte nance of Thy mercy, and through the inter cession of the Blessed Mary, ever a Virgin, of blessed Isidore Agricola, and all Thy saints, to purify by the pouring out of Thy grace this place from all iniquity, and preserve it undefiled; Thou, who hast fulfilled the ardent ' desires of Thy be loved servant David in the work of Solo mon his son, be pleased to also perfect our desires in this undertaking, and may all spiritual wickedness be put to flight, through Our Lord Jesus Christ," &c.; The church was then entered, and the Litany of the Saints repeated and responded to at the altar. Some other few prayers and invoca tions followed by which the . church and altars were dedicated for the offering of the Holy Mass. These were followed by the reading of the 119th, 120th, and 121st psalms, and meanwhile the interior walls were sprinkled with blessed water. A final prayer at the altar concluded the rite, «H»r which the Holy Mass was offered by the Bey. Father Doyle. During the Mass the choir from Carrieton pleasingly sang the Bvne, portions of the Gloria and Credo, and 'the Sajichis and Agnus Dei. ■ Mrs. Smith presided at the organ, which was very kindly lent ^<mldus, and the Misses Nugent(2j, WALsh and King, and Messrs, Nugent and King took part in the singing. THE SEBMON. , The Holy Sacrifice ended, the Eev. Father-Norton preached the sermon, taking for his text the words of Our Lord, Etfiet unurn ovile, et units pastor—" And there shall be one fold, and one shepherd." S. John x. 16). The rev. father said that we live in a world in which are found many religious societies, each claiming to be the true fold and Church of Christ. But the words quoted plainly show that JeSus Christ Our Lord did not establish many churches or many religions. Christ instituted only one church and one religion. All those re ligious bodies must be, therefore, with one single exception, traced to other founders than Christ. Only one amongst the many can be the true kingdom set up by our divine Lord on earth. The question is naturally asked, which is that society, which is that true fold ? This is a query for serious Christian men to solve, for no greater enquiry could be made, and no more important topic could engage a Christian audience. All Christians admit that Jesus Christ founded a church upon earth, which is to be the only means of sal-, vation. The great heresiarch Calvin, the Saxon, Scotch and Belgian Protestants, and the famous Anglican Bishop Pearson, all admit the axiom of Catholic theologians that "outside the church there is no .sal va tion." Nay, these heretics lay down the very axiom themselves in their works. Therefore admitting that our blessed Lord established a church, and that all mankind are bound to accept its divine authority under pain of eternally losing their souls— as soon at least as it becomes known to them—the great crucial question still remains to be solved, which is this Church of Jesus Christ? Surely there must be some easy means within reach of all men whereby this church is discoverable. The Saviour certainly left His Kingdom with certain marks or signs, through which its characteristics and properties would in all times and in all places and under all cir cumstances be easily recognised, even by the illiterate and the uninstructed, and through which essential and never-failing signs it would ever be clearly and unmis takably distinguished from the false and spurious churches. The Church of Christ is assuredly founded on a rock; she is never to fail; she exclusively claims that all men shall obey her voice, lest they become " like the heathen and the publican" she "is a city seated on a hillshe is the only " ark of salvation." By glancing over the pages of Holy Writ we plainly discover what are the marks or notes which should essentially distinguish this Church of Christ. The very words quoted above when •viewed- in the context in S. John (chap ter x.) show that the fold of Christ is in essence to be one because all are to hear the voice of the Shepherd, partake of the same food, and be under the same rule. And if the fold is to be one it must be also holy because the Shepherd Himself is all holy; and as th§ great Shepherd laid down His life for all, His sheepfold must be open to all, and therefore be Catholic or univer sal; and finally as the good Shepherd Jesus Christ appointed S. Peter and his Apostles to be His witnesses, and the guar dians of His teaching to the end of time, the fold must be apostolic. These are the four marks which must ever single out the true flock of Christ. Even according to the most authoritative expressions of Chris tian antiquity the Church is to be known by the notes of unity, Catholicity, sanctity, and apo'stolieity. The Apostles5 Creed de clares —" I believe in the Holy Catholic Church.'5 The first general council held at Nice in 325, and the second general council assembled at Constantinople in 381, both defined the church to be one, holy, Catholic, and Apostolic. In the 16th chapter of S. Matthew and 18th verse we read the re markable words which Christ addressed to S. Peter—" Thou art Peter, and upon this rock, I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Here again the above four signs are recognisable. Christ says, firstly, "My Church,55 not my churches, and therefore it is one; secondly, He says, My Church and He is holiness itself, and hence His Church must be holy. Thirdly, he declares that "the gates of hell,55 that is heresy, schism, and persecution shall never be able to prevail against His Church, and therefore she shall fulfil her divine mission of teaching all nations and hence be Catholic. Lastly, His Church is to be built on Peter, the rock, and therefore she is apostolic. Again the words of Our Lord-in S. Matthew (chapter xxviii. 19.) plainly set forth these proper ties. Christ says, " Going, therefore, teach ye all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days, to the consummation of the world." The divine Master tells His Apostles they are to teach all the truths that He commanded, neither more nor less, and therefore the faith of all is to be for ever one and the same. The note of sanctity is also deduced, from the fact that the Teacher of the Apostles is holy. The mark of Catholicity or being a universal church is manifest from the words "all nations," and "all days to the consummation of the world." The Apostles themselves received this grand commission, and therefore the mark of apostolicity also must ever remain in Christ's Church, Our God Incarnate stamped these four marks indelibly on His church, appointing His Apostles to be the witnesses and custodians to the end of the world of all His divine teaching. ''.You shall receive the power of the Holy Ghost coming upon you, and you nhn.il. be witnesses to Me in Jerasalem, and all Judea, and Samaria, and even to the uttermost parts of the earth." (Acts i. 8.) And as the apostles were thus divinely com manded and commissioned, so were all men explicitly condemned who should refuse to receive them as the emissaries and wit nesses of Christ. "He that heareth you, heareth Me, and he that despiseth you des piseth Me." (Luke x. 16.) From the few foregoing passages of the sacred volume we may conclude that the true Church of Christ muBt be One, Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic, and hence where we find these four notes there alone is the true church, and where they are wanting there the Church of Christ is not and never can be. If these properties are absent, that chinch must be spurious and false. It is by com paring the true with the counterfeit that we shall discover the fraud and the impos ture. The sham will be found only by con trasting it with the genuine. Cardinal Newman says, " Your artificial flowers have the softness and brilliancy of nature, till you bring in the living article fresh from the garden ; you detect the counterfeit coin by ringing it with the genuine. So it is in religion. Protestantism is at best but a fine piece of waxwork, which does not look dead only because it is not confronted by that church which really breathes and lives." The plaster and stucco pillars in the great Protestant church of S. Paul's in London are emblematic of the Pro testant faith which is at best a negation and an imitation. The mighty dome and temple of S. Peter's at Rome on the other hand are built of solid materials, " outside and inside both pillars and roofs " being typical of the church which is built on the impreg nable rock. What has been said may lead us, therefore, to understand in general terms at least, upon what basis the divinity of Christ's Church is to be made known to the world, so that she may be ever recognised as a visible living, organised, external society. The general principles heretofore promised may be taken as a sufficient evi dence upon which to base a definition of the true church. The learned Cardinal Bellarmine in his works (Be Ecclesia Mili tanti, chapter 2) defines the church as " an assembly of men united by the profession of the same Christian faith, and by the communion of the same Sacraments, under the rule of legitimate pastors, and especially of the one Vicar of Christ on earth, the Roman Pontiff." And Catholic theologians distinguish between the body and the soul of the Church. By the body is meant the visible external society. By the soul of the church they understand the supernatural life which ani mates the members of the church through the action of sanctifying grace. Whoever is possessed of sanctifying grace belongs to the soul of the church, even should he be outside the visible body of the church. On the other hand, whoever is not in the state of grace, does not belong to the soul of the church, albeit he be a member of the body of the Church of Christ. It may conse quently happen that many Roman Catholics dying in mortal sin will not save their souls although they were united to the body of the, church, while, let us trust, many too who are not Ronian Catholics may die (being in good faith and inculpably igno rant of the divine claims of the Catholic Church) united to the soul of the church by the possession of sanctifying grace, and come to inherit everlasting life. Hence the axiom—that " outside the church there is no salvation," a proposition so often mis understood—means that whoever is outside the soul of the church, through his own fault cannot be saved while in that state, and a fortiori he who lives .and dies through his own culpability outside the body of the church cannot enter heaven. This consol ing teaching of the Catholic theologians is beautifully illustrated by the late Pontiff Pius IX., in his encyclical letters of August 10, 1863, where he writes:—"It is well known that those who labor under an invin cible ignorance concerning our most holy religion, and who at the same time sedu lously observing the natural law and the precepts thereof, which are inscribed by God on the hearts Cf all, are ready to obey God, can, the virtue of divine light, and grace working within them, attain to eter nal life." We have now got our tests or marks of the divinity of the church, and we have some general idea at least of her divine constitution. Let us now set about applying them to the Roman Catholic Church. Time of course would not permit us to dwell upon all these tests. In fact, we can only very briefly trace one of them on the present occasion. To fully explain and prove all these signs would embrace several discourses. Let us take, therefore, the note of unity. Does the Roman Catholic Church alone possess . this property ? She does exclusively enjoy this divine characteristic, for she alone among all the visible societies of Christians in the world is the only one body whose members all agree in the one Christian faith, all participate in the same Sacra ments and Sacrifice, and all are ruled by, and are united under, one visible head on earth. There is, therefore, unity of faith, unity of liturgy or worship, and unity of government or headship. 1.—There is unity of faith. That all the members of the Church of Rome agree in one faith hardly requires any proof. All her chil dren, the learned and the illiterate, the rich and the poor, pastors and people, from the Holy Father to the humblest peasant, agree and are united in the belief of the same re vealed truths. This fact has never been denied. Catholics all over the world, whether living in "great and glorious Rome" itself, or away in the depths of China, Siberia, or Africa, or amid the many iBlets of the southern seas, far removed from the centres of civilization, all believe, with ah unerring and unwavering faith, whatever the Roman Catholic Church proposes to their belief, and if interrogated, the same replies will be received from each. With them it is not a matter of believing what they like, or holding any opinion they choose; it is what the Church defines and declares and holds. Evidently we see in this wonderful unity the verification of that prayer of our Blessed Lord, who, on the night before His death, said to His eternal Father—"Father/I pray for them also who through their word shall believe in Me, that they all may be one, as Thou, Father, in Me, and I in Thee, that they also may be one in Us, that the world inay believe that Thou hast sent Me." (St. John xvii. 20,21.) Most certainly that prayer has been heard, and nowhere, except in the Catholic Church, is it manifest that it'was an efficacious prayer. Jesus prayed that all His children should be united in the profession and be lief of tlie one faith which He delivered, as He and the Father are one in essence. And as His unity of essence with the Father is eternal, so the unity of His church is to be everlasting, and like the seamless tunic for which the soldiers cast lots at the foot of the cross, without division, rent or tear. 2. —In. the Soman Catholic Church alone there is unity of liturgy or worship, that is, her children are united by the communion of the same Sacraments and Sacrifice. This portion of our proposition requires no elabo rate proof. Any one who wishes to ex amine the liturgy of the Soman Catholic Church for himself, especially the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, and the Seven Holy Sacraments, and the order of their celebra tion, will find that, go where he will, essen tially the adorable and tremendous Sacrifice of the Mass is offered up, and the Sacra ments are administered in the same way and with the same liturgy substantially. The Holy Mass may be said in various liturgical ancient languages, for example, the Latin, Greek, Coptic, Arabic, Slav, and Armenian. But the liturgy is, being an expression of faith, in all rites essentially and substantially the same. The like may be said of the Seven Holy Sacraments. They are administered in the same way in substance, and they are the same Sacra ments everywhere. Baptism regenerates and initiates the child of God; Confirma tion completes the baptismal grace, making the child a spiritual man and a soldier of Christ; the Holy Eucharist nourishes the soul with the real flesh and blood of the Son of God made man, under the appear ances of bread; Penance heals up the wounds of the soul, and brings back sancti fying grace when forfeited by grievous sin; Extreme Unction fortifies the dying, at the same time blotting out the very relics of sin, and enabling the soul to overcome the devil in the last agony. These five Sacra ments cause, increase, i*estore, feed, and arm the soul of every individual member of the church. Holy Orders and Matrimony are instituted to supply tlie wants of Christian society, the former to segregate and sanctify man for the feeding and ruling of Christ's flock; the latter to bless the union of the married couple for the multiplication of the members of the church. 3.—The Roman Catholic Church, lastly, is one, because all her members are united under one head, or in other words, there is unity of govern ment. AH Catholics regard the Bishop of Rome as the visible head of Christ's church on earth, the lawful successor of S. Peter, the first Pope, and Vicar of Christ. They all believe firmly that Peter lives in his successors, and that the office which was committed to Peter of feeding the sheep and the lambs, and " confirming the brethren," was transmitted from Peter to Linus, from Linus down to pope after pope until our own time, in an unbroken line of succession. Indeed if the Catholic Church is one in doctrine and worship, it is because Jesus Christ constituted S. Peter the head of His church. Take away the headship, destroy the unity of government, and no thing but chaos and confusion will ensue. Oh, if the many rival Christian societies which are separated from the Catholic Church, and which boast of having rightly comprehended on their own "private judg ment" the true doctrines of Christ, would turn to the authority which our Lord has left, there would not be so many heresies and schisms. At the head of all Christian societies stands our holy church, surpassing them all by the unity of her doctrine, liturgy, and government, semper ed dem, al ways teaching the same creed, and yet men outside her pale refuse to listen to her divine voice. It would be a long and irk some task to take these three conditions, which we have laid down as necessary for the unity of the church, and apply them to each and every sect of Christians outside the Catholic Church. The names of those sects alone would fill a volume, and the ex planation of their opinions and forms of worship would form a library. Our inten tion was merely to trace the divinity and unity of the Catholic Church in communion with Rome, and leave the contrast to be made by others. Suffice it to say that it is in vain that we shall seek for any real unity outside the Roman Catholic Church. The principle of private judgment saps the very essential conditions of unity. And even the absurd subterfuge of the " funda mentals " invented by Jurien wiU not suf fice. Ui« is a theory without warrant in scriptures or tradition, it is a pure gratuitous fabrication, and "contains' im plicity at least a blasphemy against Jesus Christ the Son of God, and the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Truth. The Catholic Church alone is, therefore, the true ark of salvation for all men. She alone knows what is the mind of Jesus Christ. She claims to be the divine kingdom set up on earth to which all must bow allegiance, if they will save their immortal soms. Let us, there fore love her, and obey her laws. Let us never fail in the saying of our daily prayers, in the attendance at the great sacrifice of the Holy Mass, in the observance of the days which she commands us to keep holy and the times she fixes for faejkjhji and penance and receiving the Holy Sacraments of Confession and Communion, so that we may always be worthy members of the "one fold" and obedient children of the "one Shepherd." Amen. , THE TITLE OF THE CHUBCH. The Rev. Father Norton then referred to the title of the church.and told his hearers that the Saint chosettby the biBhbp/ as the patron of the new building aud its congre gation was St. Isidore Agricola, who was born of poor parents at . Madrid, in Spain, in the twelfth century, and gained his live lihood aB a ploughman Or a farmer's work man, as the word "Agricola" signifies. .St. Isidore, he said, never learned to read or write but sanctified himself by his daily labors' in the sweat of his brow: -He spent his nights in prayer and contemplation, and never omitted to hear Holy Mass each day. Being accused of having neglected his work, when his master came to reproach him in the fields, he saw two angels walking by the side of Isidore' making up for the alleged neglect of duty. He always divided his scanty food with the poor. He fulfilled theadVice of the royal psalmist who says, " Trust in the Lord, and do good, and inhabit the land, and thou shalt be fed with its riches." (Psalm 36. v.3.) He was a true " husband man," as S. James says, who "waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, patiently bearing until he* receive the early and the latter rain." (S. James v. 7.) He died in the year 1170, and is honored as the patron saint of Madrid. His festival occurs on May 15. At the conclusion of his discourse the Rev. Father Norton made an earnest appeal to those present to generously subscribe to wards the building fund. He eulogized the good people of Bendleby, and their devoted pastor Father Doyle, on their gene in Wvinor alreadv so substantially initiated the good work by the raising of about .£100. He apologized for the un avoidable absence of the bishop (the Right Rev. Dr. O'Reily) on account of his ill health, and exhorted' the congregation to pray for him (the bishop) that God might spare him yet many years to do good ser vice for the church. The rev. preacher also referred to the creditable manner in which the contractors had executed their work. THE COLLECTION. The collection was then, made when cash was realized to the amount of £51 17s. It should be mentioned that the acre of land, which forms the site, was generously pre sented some .time ago by Mr. Redden. Among the sums contributed the principal donation before the collection of last Sun day was £20 given by the Society for the Propagation of. the Faith through the Right Rev. Dr. O'Reily. The list of all the donors will be duly published in our adver tising columns. Considering the depressed times it must be said that the subscriptions of last Sunday were generally speaking very generous. THE BUILDING. The building is a substantial wood&n; structure, 35 feet long by 20 feet wide, and the walls are 12 feet high. There is a commodious porch, and a spacious sacristy 20 feet long by lo feet wide. The exterior presents a very pleasing and ecclesiastical appearance, the gables having circular louvres, and being surmounted by neat crosses, and the roof is relieved by six orna mental galvanized iron ventilators. There are three windows on each side, and a smaller one at either end of the vestry. The whole edifice stands on strong jarrah blocks, and the main timbers of roof and walls are of jarrah. The walls are covered with 24-guage galvanized iron laid horizon tally. The interior walls and ceilings are lined with matchboarding throughout, the ceilings being level shaped, and. the whole of the inside has been neatly stained and varnished. The altar, communion rail and benches have also been provided. The altar, with its reredos and tabernacle, is a very picturesque and chaste piece of work, although constructed of the simplest materials. It is artistically decorated and picked out in various tints, the blending of the colors lending a bright and joyous appearance to ,the whole of the interior. The contractors for the entire works were Messrs. Crisp and Marsh, of Hammond, who gave every satisfaction and were justly commended by the Rev. Father Norton on Sunday last. The contract price was £208 10s. for the whole work. Some few extras and other incidental expenses will bring the total cost , to about £238. The gross re ceipts to date amount to £157 17s. 3d., so that the debt will be only about .£80. The Bendelby Catholics and their pastor deserve therefore to. be praised for the success which has attended their efforts. Truly it may be laid down with pastor and people united in the great and undivided Church of God, there is no such word as fail. Henry George.— According to the Roman correspondent of the Catholic limes the Holy Office has condemned the doctrines of Henry George. Tbi^ impor tant act Of the Holy See' will probably de cide one of the points in the controversies upon social science, viz., that which con cerns the question of individual property. Until, however, the words of the decree come to hand, it is scarcely possible to say what exactly that is in the teachings qf -George J» j which. the Holy Office has taken; exception. A book -is often put upon the.: index for . one proposition con tained in it, though the 999 others may be perfectly orthodox. . So, too, Henty •Geotge, though • wrong, in one point, may be iight in a hundred others. ■ Until, 'therefore,' the condemnatory decree is ptiblfehnd,' we shall -not have accurate in 