"Caste" at East Maitland. A large and delighted audience, comprising representatives of the majority of the families in East Maitland and a goodly sprinkling of West Maitland folk, left the hall of the Mechanics Institute last evening after witnessing the first representation of Robertson's delightful three-act comedy 'Caste ' by a band of lady and gentlemen amateurs. The story of the play may be thus condensed : The Hon George D'Alroy (Mr. J. H. Waller an officer an tiie array, '»= o^uu «— »~~ — a — .,, r ? t — * Esther Ecoles (Miss Portus) who with hnr sister Polly (Miss Aimee Cobcroft) supports a drunken father (Mr. Squire), who orates in publichouses about the working classes and their wrongE, but sedulously abstains from doing any work hiui aelf D'Alroy falls in love with Esther Ecles; Lis love is returned ; and the opening of the play ' discovers him with his friend Captain Hawtree ' /Mr Hope) in the Eccles' cottage at Sandgate, awaiting his lady love's return from rehearsal. The Interval is taken advantage of by Hawtree to preach 4o his friend a sermon on the worldly wisdom of obey ing in marriage the obligations of caste,— counsel ?which the lover disdains to accept, and indeed applies it to the preacher, who himself loves some what above his ownsocial station. Presently Esther and Polly Eccles come in, and are introduced to JJawtree. Polly, a pert but warmhearted and im pulsive little person, enlists the dandifier soldier fn household dutieB, and in carrying the iettle filled with water he clumsily spills some over her frock, and is engaged in drying it with his handkerchief when the young lady's sweetheart, SamJGerridge (Mr. P. B. James) enters, and jealously puts the gallant aside. Mean while D'Alroy and Esther have been conversing; and, wh;n Esther shows D'Alroy a letter in which she is offered a good engagement at Manchester, which she proposes to take, feeling ihat the intimacy between them had better cease, lie pleadB for an immediate marriage and at last prevails. The second act shows the married lovers In lodgings in Mayfair, and D'Alroy sad under the consciousness that the army is ordered to India to aid in quelling the Sepoy mutiny. He dares not tell his wife, and while he is hesitating and causing her to suspect something wrong by his moodiness and disquiet, comes Captain Hawtree xirging him to confession since the marching orders have been received, and must presently be obeyed. While D'Alroy still hesitates, his wife_ and her Sister having withdrawn from the room, hiB mother, a lady filled with the pride of rank, and glorying in the knowledge that the deeds oe men of her house have been celebrated in the pages of UTroissart, enters. The Marchioness de St. Maur -Miss Wansey) has taken for second husband a foreign nobleman, and her son supposes her to be on the continent. But, knowing of the orders to the army, she has come to say farewell j .and, after a speech in which she enjoins her son to bear himself worthy of his ancestors, she tenders him advice as to what she supposes to be an illicit relation with a woman. The unhappy Esther D'Alroy in an adjoining room hears the conversation, and thus learns of her husband's imminent departure. Painting with a -sry of anguish, she is brought in the room by her husband, and introduced to hia mother, only to be ?Boomed by that haughty lady. The extreme degra dation of her son's mesalliance is emphasised to her by the presence of old Eccles, effusively drunk as usual, and Sam Gerridge. At D'Alroy's request, Esther essays to buckle on his sword, but faints in the effort, and so the act ends. In the third act we are brought tack to the cottage at Sandgate. Twelve months have passed ; Captain Hawtree (now a Major) has reason to believe that hiB friend is dead ; Esther mourns her husband as a widow whose chief joy in life is the baby born to her in her sorrows ; the family is in poverty, old Eccles having squandered a sum of money left by D'Alroy for his wife's sup port ; Captain Hawtree, a noble fellow at bottom, Bees that the misery does not become too dire; Sam Gerridge, being the proud pur chaser of a plumbing business is about to marry Polly; and old Eccles, pursuing his loafing ?and drunken career, spending in liquor every shilling he can beg or ; wheedle out of his daughters, has written . to the Marchioness, thinking that that, vein of profit to him has not been ?worked. There are aome amusing scenes of lovemaking between Polly and ? Sam, including his production of the business-circular which he has laboriously indicted. Their lightheartedness con trasts with the settled grief of the widow, who an the hope of adding to their scanty earnings is| seeking anew an engagement as a ballet dancer. An effective scene in which Eccles, with ludicrously high flown sentiments steals the baby's gold coral and would sell it for for drink, exhibits in a grimly laughable light the meanness' of the confirmed drunkard. Very fine is the attitude of the mother, who comes in time to rescue the trinket from the degrading clutch of the father, and she becomes tragic in her refusal of help from the marchioness, In return for the surrender of her child, when presently that aristocratic lady appears in response to old Eccles' summons. Lady de St. Maur retires discomfited; Esther, worn by emotion, takes rest in sleep; and Hawtree, Polly, and Sam sit down to supper, a meal which is interrupted by the entrance of George D'Alroy, not dead aB was supposed, but providentially rescued. The three inmates of the zoom, assured at last that the returned man it no ghost, exhibit their gladness, in characteristic -fashion. But Polly fearing the effect of joy upon her sister, will not break the news to her abruptly, tut stays D'Alroy's longing to see his wife by the production of the child. The story of the Eccles' struggles and of Hawtree's goodness comes out, but the conspirators ate perplexed as to the beet means of letting Esther know that her Borrow is to b9 ended. At last Polly hits on the expedient of re calling a ballet in which her 6ister had taken part, wherein a maiden figures whose honeEt has gone to the wars and is supposed to have been tilled, but comes back. The hint is taken, and the happy reunion of husband and wife is accom plished without further harm than than the effusion of tears of joy. The Marchioness, grateful for her son's Bafery, takeB Esther to her heart; provision is made for the banishment of Jersey of the hopelessly irreclaimable Eccles ; Hawtree and Gerridge acknowledge the -merit in the other ?which each has been slow to see ; and Hawtree has a hint, in being jilted by his lady, that love and faith are better than caste. With the exception of Hawtree's disappointment, the clouds have given place to sunshine, and so the play ends. In the presentation of this affecting performance, the actors as a whole betrayed the result of assiduous and intelli gent study, and entered so fully and heartily into the spirit of the scene that it was easy to imagine that this was no stage play we were witneBsing^but a 89rieB of episodes in real life. Miss Portu3 as the gentle and self sacrificing Esther Eccles was some what cold in the first act, but her subsequent per formance as the loving and tender wife and the grieving vidow was charmingly natural and touch ing, and she gave with admirable emphasis the passionate speeches in which she reproacheB her profligate father and repels Lady St. Maur's proffers of gold in exchange for her Child. The part of Polly was placed in fit hands when it got into Miss Aimee Cobcroft's charge. She was as snappish and as pert aB the part demanded, but very pretty and engaging too were the exhibitions of tenderness and care for her sister, the manifestations of joy at D'Alroy's return, her reiterated belief in her worthless «..-« o Mo.vim™ 11 no umy iiuu scope, and her pride in the title presently to be assumed of Mrs. Samuel Gerridge. MisB Waosey is to be complimented heurtily for her admirable conception and presentation of the part of the haughty marchioness de She Maur. She looked and spoke like a highbred lady, and gave the quotations from FroiEBsrt with excellent skill. Mr. Waller is n conscientious actor in all that he undertakes, and his Hon. George D'Alroy was a scholarly performance, full of feeling and attention to the requirements of the part. Mr. Hopa, ns Captain Hawtree, the swell who has heart, honour, and courago, and whose dandyiBtn is butamaslr tor anoblenature, made amostfavourable impression. Also did Mr. James, a rough diamond, an honest; working man, who proves, as Esther Eccles has also dono, that kind hearts are more than coronets, and simple faith than Nor man blood. Sam unites with Polly in present ing the broader humour of the drama, and Mr. James was so extremely happy in tho doing of nis ehnro that the audience was kept by him in a Eimmor of lKorrimimt. The most elaborate character of the play was in tho hands of Mr. Squire. He wade ok! tholes as ludioriously disgusting a the author intended the character to be, and rendered with conspicuous histrionic skill the vapouring speeches, the abject compliments to the Marchioness, the lofty assumptions of equality with her, and the snatches of song in the quavering voice of age broken by dissipation. The sets of the scenes especially that of the second act, were most effective, thanks mainly to the taste of Miss Cobcroft. Before the curtain rose, and during the acts, cheery pianoforte music was supplied by Misses Tyrrell and Mr. B. H. Napier, The Bev. P. J. Simpson, during one of the intervals, apologised for the absence of Archdeacon Tyrrell, thnnked the audience for their presence, and bespoke their acknowledgements for the performers who had givon not enly time but money to make the entertainment a Buccess and he specially referred to the devotion and pains of Mr. Squire as stage manager. The play will be re peated this evening. 