THE STORYTELJJEB Highland Cousins. A NOVEL, By William Black, Author of ' A Princess of Thule,' 'Macleodof Daxe,' &c;, &c.; (Copyeight.) Chapter VIL-A CEILIDH. Eventually the box was found, and sent along to the house : and, on the return of the two girls, it was opened ; and Jess Maclean was somewhat diffi dently invited to look after her cousin's small stock of miliinery treasures. These were not sumptuous ; for the most part they had been procured at the solitary 'merchant's' shop in Kilree, where femi nine finery had to be sought for amidst a heteroge neous display of brown soap, candles, figs, sweet meats, patent starch, paraffin lamps, and the like ; they had seen a good deal of weather out there in the west; a,nu now, as nurudiu prouucea tnem lor inspection, it was with a growing sense of disap pointment. ' Everything you have seems so neat and clean, and so stiffly-ironed,' she said to her cousin, almost resentfully. 'Well, then,' said Jess, with the utmost good nature, ' you must just take any of my things that are of use to you. And especially when there are visitors coming to the house.' ' They will be thinking I should be in mourning,' said Barbara. ' And I am sure they will think nothing of the kind ! ' responded Jess. ' They know, as the rest of us know, that it is very easy for the rich people to buy black silks and black bonnets, and things of that kind; but it is not so easy for poorer people ; and where could any one get mourning at Knock - alanism ? As for Allan Henderson, the schoolmaster,' Jess went on, with a' demure laugh, ' it is of ? little consequence what you wear. He would never see it. If you were dressed as a beggar in the streets, or like the Queen on her throne, he would not know the difference. When he fixes those great eyes of his om you — like burning coals— it isn't your dress he is heeding ; he is trying to understand what you are thinking — that is all he cares about.' ' You talk a good deal about the schoolmaster, Jessie,' observed Barbara. Jess Maclean flushed quickly, and turned her head away ; but she betrayed no anger. ' I think that every one will be talking of him,' said she, quietly, ' before many years are over.' And thus it was with Jessie's help, and with the loan of a few trifling articles of adornment, that the Highland cousin was got ready for the evening : and very smart, and trim, and effective she looked. She was indeed a beautiful creature, quite apart from those wonderful, mysterious, appealing eyes; her features were refined, and even distinguished ; she had the fresh, clear, healthily-tinted complexion that not unfrequently in the western isles is found in con junction with ' raven -black hair; and when she moved, her step was graceful. Her hands, it is true, bore evidence of rough kitchen-work, but she did not seem conscious of this defect — nay, she appeared rather inclined to put them forward a little, so that she could better admire the pair of ex tremely pretty cuffs and the tortoisehell links that Jess had given her. Of the two visitors the first to arrive was Mr. Peter M'Fadyen, who for a second or so, on being introduced to the stranger, was somewhat discon certed and taken aback. For this was not at all the mere crofter's lass he had expected to meet — this young lady in becoming attire, whose manner, if shy and reserved, at least betrayed no great embarrass ment. But Peter prided himself on being a man of the world ; he had soon recovered his self-confidence ; he would hear from herself further details of the fhipwreck; and, finding that she was somewhat silent — the conversation being now in English — he proceeded to give authoritative views on tides, currents, beacons, and the proper navigation of Duntrooue harbour yet with a touch of jocosity now and again, to show his lightness of heart. Barbara Maclean listened mutely, and sometimes she looked at her cuffs. Then the blithe little widow appeared, the shop having been shut ; and she was almost immediately followed by the young schoolmaster, who, after having gravely greeted these friends, seemed, in a measure disposed to keep away from this newly found half -cousin of his. He sat somewhat removed ; and if by chance, or by some subtle instinct, his eyes were raised to regard the face of the girl, they were almost instantly withdrawn, as if he was afraid. Of course, this was Mr. M'Fadyen's opportunity. With these women-folk to impress, he was called upon for display ; he was determined to shine ; he would show them he could talk about other matters than golf. And now— while Mrs. Maclean was stirring up the fire to briskness, and Jess was laying the suow-white tablecloth— it was the marvels of modern science that he had got on to ; and, in particular, he was informing them — as if the illustration were his own — of the astrouomers having brought within their ken stars so distant that, if on the day of the battle of Waterloo news of the victory could have been dispatched to one of these suns, the telegram would not even now have arrived. ' Ay, and that's not all ! ' he exclaimed — as a premonitory odour of miuced collops and onions wandered in from the kitchen. ' They're sayiug there's no end — no end to the universe— you might go on for ever and ever, and only come to more worlds and more worlds, and more space and more space — infinite space — infinite ! Just think of it ! Isn't it terrible to realise ?' 'But you can't realise it,' said Allan, with a touch of his scornful im patience. 'You can't what?' demanded the town councillor. ' It is unthinkable,' said the schoolmaster, briefly. 'The mind cannot conceive the idea of infinite space.' 'Ah?' said Mr. M-Fadyen, with an inquiring glance. ' Ah ! you've got to imagine a boundary. You can't help thinking of a boundary. Is that it f ' ' Yes ; but you're no further forward that way either,' said the younger man, iuiperturbably. ' For you can't imagine a final boundary. If you think of a boundary, you must think of something outside the boundary. You build a wall, but there must be something outside the jvall as well as in. And so it goes on ; and the mischief is, that you can neither think of space haying an end nor yet of its being endless.' jr Peter looked'a little dazed, and also suspicious ; but he solved the difficulty by breaking into a loud laugh. /' ' Is tb&t; metapheesics,' be cried. ' Is that nieta pheesig/, Allan ? Dod, man, you're a clever chiel ; and tne School Board '11 have to be raising your salary ! An annual increment of £5 is no half enough.' ' I'm sure I'm not caring how many worlds there are,' said the contented little widow, as she brought the cruet-stand and put it on the table. ' This is the only one that's handy, and I doubt whether a better one was ever made. Draw in your chair, Barbara, my lass ; and you, Allan ; and you, Mr. M'Fadyen. It is well for us that we are under a roof, and with a good fire — and not out on the Lady Rock.' Miuced collops aud onions, a dish of spinach garnished with boiled eggs, and bottled stout ; these were the materials of the repast ; and a bountiful feast it must have appeared in the eyes of the young lass from the Knockalanish croft. The gay little widow proved a pertinacious hostess : she would take no refusals, would make no concessions to shame facedness. ' What's good for the Jura factor will do no harm to Fleecy M'Phail,' she said, as she helped herself and others, with here a rallying word, and there a friendly remonstrance. Indeed, this small party, that had been brought together to give Barbara Maclean a welcome on her home-coming, performed its duty well ; surely she must have per csived that it was not amongst strangers she had f illen ; only the young schoolmaster remained some what aloof and reserved, and of him she did not take much notice. Then, agam, when Mrs. Maclean, in her frank and off-hand way, came to discuss the girl's position and prospects, she showed a tact that she had not always at command. She would not have Barbara look upon herself in the light of a dependent. Not at all. Serious duties would be expected of her. She would have to manage thiB house, for example — the young thing Kirsty was hardly to be trusted. It appeared that the Macleans, mother and daughter, were in the habit of contract ing with the tobacco manufactory for considerable quantities of Lurgan twist ; and this they dispatched in lesser consignments to the ' merchants ' in the outer isles. The correspondence attached to this part of the business was carried on by Jess ; hut Jess knew l.ttle Gaelic, and could write none at all ; whereas, now, if Barbara would undertake to translate these letters into Gaelic, it would be a great advantage and recommendation to a good many of the customers with whom English was practically a foreign tongue. And what had Barbara to say to all this ? ' I am sure,' the girl said, speaking rather Blowly, as was her wont, ' that I am very willing to do any thing that I can do. But I cannot write the Gaelic. I know it very well — oh, yes— better than English a great deal ; but I have never tried to write it. It ?was always English they were having in the school at Kilree.' And now, and almost for the first time this evening, Allan Henderson addressed her. ' If that is all,' said he, ' there is no trouble. It would be a very easy thing for you to learn the Gaelic spelling, when you know the language well. You would not find it very difficult after you had got the rules.' He hesitated ; for the large, beauti tul eyes were regarding him calmly, perhaps even curiously. 'If you would like,' he went on, -%I would come along in the evening to give you some lessons. An hour each evening would do. It is a pity you should know Gaelic so well, and not be able to write it.' ?She did not answer him at the moment ; it was Joss Maclean who looked up, startled. For could this really be Allan Henderson, who ordinarily was so backward, or impatient, or scornfully indifferent wherever young women were concerned, yet who now proposed to devote an hour each evening in the week to this solitary converse ? And that was most assuredly what this private tuition would mean. No one else wanted to learn Gaelic spelling. And would the class, consisting of teacher and pupil, be held in the house here, while she and her inotber would be over the way in the shop ? At this point Peter M'Fadyen interposed in a stormily good-humoured fashion. ' Mrs. Maclean,' he cried, 'I call you to order. Surely there haa been enough of business — enough of business ; and I would not have Miss Barbara bothered with threats of lessons the moment she sets foot in your house. It's all very well for you, Allan, my lad ; every one to his trade, hut at the proper time ; aud the proper time is not every time. No, no, there are other things ; there are amusements : we cannot have all work and no play. I may not be very well skilled in metapheesics ; but I know when we ehould have a dance, and a song, and a merry making, to keep the game of life going. And let me see ; what is there to the fore now ?' He appeared to be summing up in his mind the in numerable gaieties of Duntroone in the winter. 'Well, now, for example : There's the Gaelic Cboir to-morrow night— the practising in the Drill hall — and we could not do better than go there, to hear the practising for Mre. M'Askill's soiree. I'm going; I must go ; I mutt make my voice heard to morrow evening.' ' Oh, are you going to sing, Mr. M'Fadyen ?' said the widow, encouragingly. ' To sing?' he repeated. ' Well— well— no— for I am not one of the choir. But as for a song,' he proceeded, refusing to confess himself abashed, ' if it is a song you would like— well, when we are round the fire, in a little while, I will try a song, just as if we were at an old-fashioned ceilidh.* There is not half enough of spirit among the younger men of the present day.' ' And do you call yourself anything else than one of the younger men ! ' the widow protested, in a kind fashion. 'Why, in the former days,' continued Mr. M'Fadyen, affecting not to have overlooked this agreeable compliment, 'when you were at supper, and there were fowls at supper, and if you found a particular bone, you would send it to such or such a one, and he would have to make verses in Gaelic there and then. So I have heard. I am not good at the Gaelic myself ; but ;as for a song, I would not spoil any merry party by refusing — not at all .' And what I was saying was this — to-morrow night, when the Gaelic Choir are at the Drill-Hall, I am going to put a question to them ; I am indeed. What kind of songs are they going to sing at Mrs. M'Askill's soiree— that's what I ivant to know. Dod's bless my soul, is there any use in being muzzerable ? Is there any use in being muzzerable, Mrs. Maclean? — ' 'Well, I never found any myself,' said the little widow, suavely. 'And I'm told that giving way to it ifl fea7'fu' bad for the congestion.' ' There'ssome truth in that anyway,' observed the schoolmaster, in a kind of grim undertone. ' Now what's the favourite songs all through the West Highlands ? ' demanded Peter, indignantly. 'I'll tell you, then. There's three in particular, 1 here's the Fear a Bhata— the Farewell to the Boatman ; there's the Farewell to Fuinary ; there's Farewell to Mackrimmon— all of them Farewells ; and are we to have nothiDg but Fare wells and Farewells and Farewells, when a few friends have met together, to pass a merry hour or two ? And I know the Choir have plenty of other eongs. I can eee them in their own books. If I cannot make quite clear sense out ot the Gaelic, at least I can read the translation ; and theie's plenty of sensible Bongs, instead of Farewells and Fare wells.' He suddenly turned to his neighbour. 'Miss Barbara.' 6aid he, 'do you know the ' Return, my darling ?' ' The colour came swiftly to the face of the young Highland girl on her being thus unexpectedly ad dressed. 'No, I do not,' she said, with downcast eyes. ' It is the O, till, aleannain, Barbara,' said Jess — who was a member of the choir. ' Well, now, there is a sensible song !' continued M'Fadyeu, with spirit. ' Some night I will sing it to you — at present I am not sure of the air. But listen to words like this— If you on my dear one should gaze, should gaze, If you were to hear what she says, she says, If you heard my pretty One singing: her ditty Your bosom would get in a blaze, a blaze. That's sense- That's sensible. That doesna belong to the devil's clan of Farewells ! And I must make my voice heard to-morrow evening at the choir— oh, yes, indeed. We are going to have a merry evening at Mrs. M'Askill's— and it is useless lamenting for Mackrimmon, and Macintosh, and Lovat, and the rest of them. And sure I am that if Miss Barbara here will go with us there will be an invite for her too ; yes, yes ; Mrs. M'Askill is an old friend of mine ; and my friends are her friends. We'll make up a little party, and we'll all go together; and I'm thinking it might be ju6t as well if I brought a machine.' Nor did Peter, in his determination to keep things going gaily, forget his promises about singing them a song, when they had left the table and were seated in a cosy semicircle round the fire. The others had forgotten, it is true ; for Allan Henderson had chanced to ask of the widow the origin of a saying she had accidentally used — ' Step for step to thee, old woman, and the odd step to Ewen ; ' and sbe was telling them the story ; how Ewen Cameron, of Lochiel, was returning home late one night ; how he was followed by a witch, who tried to overtake him ; how he made use of this phrase, and held on his way successfully, keeping one step in advance of her until he reached the ferry ; how he had jumped into the boat while the ferryman drove the witch-hag back ; how she had called to Lochiel, ' My heart's desire to thee, dear Ewen ! ' and how he, divining her purpose, had called in return ' Thj- heart's desire to the big rock yonder' — whereupon the big rock split into two pieces, visible even uuto this day at Ballachulish Ferry. To all this Jess listened, 'half Laughing. She was familiar with most of her mother's old-world sayings and tales ; but Barbara's eyes 1 A visit— a friendly gathering. At the further end of the sombre saloon, half-reclining against the cushion?, and apparently dead asleep, there was a figure clad in a ^liite mantle; some kind of crown suimounted h's brows; and on the table before liim lay a metal instrument.— Chapter VIII. were intent and awe-stricken, and it was the expres sion of lier face rather than the legend that held the schoolmaster's attention fascinated and enthralled. Of course the town-councillor was too polite to in terrupt. But as soon as Mrs. Maclean bad finished her narrative he put his hand over his mouth and coughed significantly. ' It is not so easy,' said he, ' to sing without an accompaniment ; hut a promise is a promise ; and I'll do my best.' Whereupon he began, in a curious falsetto voice that seemed to come from just behind his teeth, jnstead of from his chest or throat : The sun has pane o'er tho lofty Ben Lomond, — this was his song, and he was evidently proud of his performance, for he took plenty of time and in troduced all mauner of ornate trills of execution, that could only have been acquired by long practice — And left the red clouds to preside o'er the .scene, While lanely I stray in the calm simmer gloamin', To muse on sweet Jessie, the flower o' Dumblane. The dog ! — pretending to sing the praises of Jessie the Flower of Dumblane, when it was as clear as noonday that it was Jessie the Flower of Duntroone he had in his mind. However, there was no coveit look or smile ; it was too serious a matter for that ; for now, when lie came to the half of the verse, he fairly outdid himself- those flourishes and grace notes were so abundant that the air got lost amongst them — never had words been so embroidered — How sweet is the brier, vi' its saft faulding blossom, And sweet is tln» bilk, wi' its niunlle o' green ; Yet Hwecter and fairer, and dear to this bosom, Is lovely young1 Jessie, the flower o' Dumblane. Ik lo\ ely youngr Jessie, Is lovely young Jestie, the flower o' Dumblane. Nay, when he arrived at the final repetition of the phrase,' ' lovely young Jessie ' — which is rather high pitched in the music, he actually opened his mouth, and the consequence was a prolonged and shrill scream : indeed, so effective and overwhelming was the climax of this last line that the widow, carried away by her enthusiasm, called out ' Well done! — Well done !' and clapped her hands. 'Mother,' said Jess, blushing furiously, ' there's more verses!' ' No, no,' said Mr. M'Fadyen, modestly, ' I'll not sing any more the night. I got into rather a high key — and — and my voice is a little out of prac tice ? ' ' You did well— you did just famously !' the widow maintained. But Peter had given evidence of his possession of musical powers, and was blandly satisfied. - Altogether it appeared to be a very happy even ing for every one concerned, though, to he sure, the young girl from the outer isles remained distant and silent. And to the young schoolmaster that silence of hers was far more impressive than anything e-se could have been; it accorded with a certain in definable quality, a certain mysterious element of remoteness that seemed to surround her. And what was the origin, he asked himself as he wandered away homeward through the sleeping town — hut not to his books ; his thoughts were too . perturbed and quick- changing for any application to books— what was the origin of this strange influence she appeared to convey, even without a single spoken ,wqrd ? Was it the mere sense of her loneliness? Or hid it anything to do with the circumstances in wh'iph he had first encountered her — finding the solitary and forsaken creature on that black reef, with the^ark ness all around, and the noise of hurrying; waters ? And what was it that her eyes said, that fio mortal eyes had ever said before? Those beautiful,. blue deeps under the raven lashes— so calm, bo sUll, so mystic in their very apathy— did they not bring some revelation, some message wholly apart from more human emotions and affections. _,. . ' They seem to speak of thesea and of theijaight,' he said to hiniBelf, in the long and sleepless 'pours of recalling and remembering. Chaptee VIII.— BAEBAEOSSA. ^f,3^ The very next day, to Jess Maclean's astonish ment, Allan Henderson walked into the shop ; it was a most unusual hour for him to make an appear ance. ' There is a half -holiday at the school,' he said, ' the headmaster has had great news about his son who is f t Oxford. And I was thinking, Jessie, if you were free for an hour or so, you might like to go across to Kerrara and climb up the hill, aud find out if anything further has happened to the Sanda. I have got Angus M'Isaac's boat— it's down at the slip—' Jess Maclean's kindly grey eyes were lit up with pleasure ; in Duntroone it is a .special compliment and mark of favour for a young man to ask a young woman to go for a row with him. Aud this sugges tion about the Sanda was obviously the merest excuse ; everyone knew what was happening to the Sanda ; she was found to be irremovably jammed en to the rock, and irretrievably damaged ; and the steam-lighter was kept engaged in bringing ashore any of her fittings tbat might he of value — before the next gale came along to hammer her to bits. ' Well, I am not so busy,' f aid Jess, laying down her bookkeeping pen. ' There is little doing at this time of the year.' 'And would your cousin Barbara care to go too ?.' the young schoolmaster added, somewhat diffi dently. The light vanished from Jess Maclean's face, ' I should think that Barbara had had enough of . boat* for a whil-\' the taid, somewhat coldly. Yet she wa3 the soul of goodhumour aud unselfish ness. The hurt and disappointed look did' not last a second. Was it to be wondered at that he should have conceived a sudden interest in lhis beautiful creature who had come into their little circle, and, who had by fortune of accident, made especial claim on his attention and pity? '? Barbara?' said Jess, after a moment, in her usual bland way. ' Oh, yes, indeed, I am sure she will be glad to go ; and I will run across the way and tell her — if you will step into the parlour and talk to my mother for a moment or two, while Bar bara and I are getting ready.' For there was no kind of grudging in this woman's nature ; if it was really on account of Barbara that he had made this proposal— well, Barbara was the more fortunate. Now Barbara ' did not respond to thisinvitation with the gratitude that might have been expected ; but Jess at last induced her to go ; and when both, the girls were ready, they crossed over to the shop, and Allan and they proceeded down to the slip, where the boat was awaiting them. They took their places in the stern ; he followed in, and got hold of the oars ; then they shoved off, and he set out to pull them across .the bay. On the whole it was a most auspicious start ; for it the. morning had -been,- somewhat squally, all the world was dow a'bla'ze of splendour ; the Mull mountains, clear to the top, were of an almost summer- like blue : summer-like was the blue of the hipping and flashing waters around them ; while between these brilliant breadths of colour ran the long Bpur of Kerrara, its russet and russet-yellow slopes basking in the sun. It is true that Jess, knowing the climate, bad brought a thick plaid with her ; it now lay unheeded over their knees. . . - - And for a considerable' time all went well, and they, made good progress across to the island.' Allan was a capable oarsman ; the tall young schoolmaster; despite his slight stoop, possessed a wiry frame ; and ?everybody along this coast can handle a boat,. But by-and- bye, and almost imperceptibly, the aspect of things began to alter a little. ' Allan,' said Jess, ' I think we are going to have a, shower.' /' Oh, nc — no shower,' said he. confidently; for of course he was looking back to the land — and. there all was placid sunlight, from the white houses dotted along the terraced cliffs out to the ivied castle at the point. Jess laughed. ' Allan,' said she, ' where is the island of Mull ?' He turned his head. There was no island of MuH. The' mountains of tender, ethereal rose-purple and azure had all disappeared ; and in their place there was a far-stretching film of silvery-grey, entirely shutting out the world beyond. ' And what's that down the Sound ?' Jess de manded again. He turned and looked in the other direction. Off the mouth 61 Loch Feschan a broad black band lay on the water — a band of almost inky hue ; but even as they regarded it, it began to resolve itself — it came creeping stealthily along, leaving a vague indistinct ness in its wake. Then Kerrara itself appeared to undergo gradual transformation ; the low-lying hills took loftier and mystic forms : through this ever advancing veil they looked strange and remote. And was there not some darkness assembling overhead f — some pervading gloom all around ? The blue lit d g me from the sea. ' Quick!— quick !' cried Jess— and she opened out the thick plaid and threw it round Barbara and her self, the two of them crouching together, their heads bent down. Then with a cold and angry swirl of wind cane the first rattle of the rain— splashing on Ihwarts and gunwale and hisBing on the leaden sea ; the gloom round them increased ; the island they were making for seemed to recede and recede, until it appeared to be a hopeless distance away ; and then again — in about another couple of minutes— they could desciy that same island of Kerrara shining a beautiful golden-green behind the grey folds of the wet — the world lightened and still further lightened — and as fiey once more emerged into blue water and waim sinshine, behold the mountains of Mull had rt - turned— the velvet-hued shoulders of purple aid soft rose-grey showing along their summits a slight sprinkling of snow, left by the swift-drifting shower. And now they were come to Ardentrive, the solitary and secluded bay in which the yachts of this pirt of the coast are laid up for the winter. Very forlorn and ghostly looked those silent, dismantled vessels ; yet they were interesting in a way ; it was like walking past empty rooms, thinking of vanish* d glories. And as they went from one to the other, Allan chanced to notice that the gangwayof a certain schooner had not been properly fixed down. ' Would you like to go on -board and have a lor k about the deck ? ' said he to his companions. ' it would not be difficult.' *' If you're sure there's no one on the yacht,' said Jess, doubtfully. ' There cannot be,' he pointed out. ' There's no boat astern. And who would be on hoard a yacht at this time of year ? ' And yet, when at length he had clambered over the gunwale, and opened the gangway, and had got t°ie two girls hauled up on deck, and when they began to look about, there were Borne unusual symptoms observable. ' I never saw a boat left like this,' said he— for everybody in Duntroone knows something about boats. ' Look at the tarpaulin of the skylight— it has been taken off and thrown back again : what is to prevent a gust of wind from blowing it over board ? ' He pursued his investigations. ' Look here,' he called again, 'the doors of the companion-way have been left open. Let us go down aud see the saloon ! ' He shoved back the hatch of the companion-way, and proceeded to descend the steps, the two girls rather timorously following. Indeed there was something uncanny in finding themselves in posses sion of this deserted ship ; moreover, beneath them was a vague and mysterious gloom, for the tarpaulin, loose as it might be, quite sufficiently covered the . deck skylight. But the next moment this indefinite apprehension had given way to the most violent alarm and terror. For no sooner had Allan reached the open door of the saloon than he suddenly stopped short, and in stinctively threw out both arms, as if to bar the further' progress of the women. 'What in the name of God is that!' he ex claimed, gazing with awe-stricken eyes into the dim obscurity. ' It's a dead man ! '' cried Barbara, with piercing shriek. ' Come away — Jess ! — Jess ! ' But Jess was too terrified to move : she could only sta.e into the semi- darkness at the ghastly object that there presented itself. And Allan, too, stood and stared — wondering whether they had stumbled into dreamland, and broken in upon the slumbers of the Emperor Barbarossa. For at the further end of the sombre saloon, half-] ecliniug against the cushions, aud apparently dead asleep there was. an upright figure clad in a white mantle ; some kind of crown surmounted his brows ; and ou the table before him 1 iy a metal instrument, brass or gold it seemed to be in the prevailing dusk. The red- bearded sleeper did not stir or show any sign of life ; and the silence around him was as the silence of the grave. ' Jess!— Jess! ' said Barbara, with ashen lipF. ' Come away— it is the woik of the devil ! ' But Jfss, trembling though she was. would not leave Allau ; she felt safer standing by him than in trying to Hce from the neighbourhood of that appal ling phantai-in ; unknown to herself (he had put htr hand on the young man's arm, and would have dragged him back when he advanced a step. ' Who ire you?— and wLat are you?' he de manded, in a loud voice. The white figure slowly moved ; a pallid face ap peared to regard the intruders ; then of a sudden the unknown snatched up the sceptre-looking instru ment that lay on the table, and brandished it before him. ' Away, away ! ' he called shrilly, in Gaelic. ' It's I that will not be satisfied till the Bay of Dun troone is filled with blood— with blood ! — with blood ! Ten thousand down from the Gallows Hill— ten thousand hurled over the Minard cliffs— sweep them, sweep them into the sea— till they know the power of the King ! The power of the King !—' that must walk on the neck of his enemies, and splash the lintels of his door with their blood, till not one of them be left in the land! Hurl them over— crush them — mangle them— slaves, awny, now, and- do my bid ding— for the bloody slaughter shall not cease till the going down of the sun !—' In his frantic gesticulation, the red beard, which was merely a strip of cow's hide, got disarranged, : and fell to the floor. 'It's Niall'* cried Jess, in amazement. ' But the poor half-witted lad, hearing his real voice, began dimly to perceive that these strangers were actual human beings, not the ghosts and ballucina :\ tions he had been accustomed to command, in his madder moments, from this throne of state. He peered curiously at them, in a frightened way, and now he was all trembling. ' ' ' Have you come for me?' he said, in pitiful and whimpering tones — and he humbly laid down his sceptre, which was none other than the brass poker belonging to the stove. ' Why. how did you get here? ' demanded Allan. 'I took a -boat from the Corran shore,' he answered— looking furtively and apprehensively from one to the other in this obscure twilight. .'And where did you get the oars for her ? ' ' ' I took a piece' of wood from the Dunollie fence — and — and I watched the tides.' ' And what have you done with her now 't ' .*' I shoved her away.' ? ? . 'Half-witted Aeii. ' And left yourself to starve ! Why, how long have you been on board this yacht ? ' . ' I am not knowing — a long time, I think — many thousands of people were coming to see me — ' But here he checked himself ; his visionary kingdom was over ; the world of fact and substance had found him. ' And have you had anything to eat and drink ? ' ' I brought a bag of meal and cask of water,' he said ; and then he added, in an appealing way : ' I will give you some if you will not hurt me, or put me in jail.' Nay, so abject and penitent was he, that he took the tinseily crown from his forehead and timidly placed it on the table ; it was the last sign and symbol of his abdication. Well, they were not disposed to be too hard on the poor wretch, whose royal government of spectral armies, in this solitary cabin, could not have done much harm to anybody ; and, indeed, as it turned out, Niall was the means, the unintentional means, o? doing Allan Henderson an excellent good turn this afternoon. For, of course, they had to take him with them, after they had dispossessed him of his blanket-robe and returned it to a locker, and, after they had shut up and made secure everything on board the yacht as well as they could, with some coTiments on the negligence of caietakers, then they pulled ashore and lauded on Kerrara, leaving Niall iu charge of the boat drawn up on tbe beach. They next proceeded to climb the nearest hill, from which they might have a view of the distant Lady Rock, t'lis being the ostensible aim of their excursion. It was, in truth, very little they could see of tbe un fortunate Sanda beyond a touch of red that revealed her funnel. However, they had come at look at the steamer ; and, now that they had accomplished their o'vject, there was nothing for them but to go away nome again. Allan could find no further excuse for prolonging this all too delightful lingering aud its s ^cret aud magnetic association. Of a sudden Jess Maclean, who was a sharp-eyed lass, began to giggle, and then to laugh outright. ' Do you know what has happened \ ' she said. c- Where is your boat, Allan ? ' The schoolmaster wheeled round. There was no doubt about what had happened. The young rascal Niall, peizing his opportunity, had shoved off, jumped into the boat, and was now making for the mainland, a t hard as ever he could pull. ' The scoundrel ! ' said Allan — not a little discon certed. ' But it is no matter. Angus Maclsaac will c itch him when he gets ashore, and Angus will bring the boat back for us.' *? Oh, do you think so ? ' said Jess, with merri ment in her prettv grey eyes. ' Well, now, do you see where the daft lad is going ? For he is not so daft as to try landing at the quay or any of the slips ; no, no ; he is making for the little bay at Dunollie, and as soon as he has got ashore, he will escape away t irough the woods. Allan, how many miles is it wa'll have to walk to the ferry ?' Clearly this was now what stared them in the face. Other hope for them there was none. They waited a long time to see if any sane creature should chance to capture the runaway, and have the understanding to send back the boat ; but nothing of the kind oc curred ; and so they set out— Allan secretly rejoicing — to walk away over the rough island to the ferry that crosses Kerrara Sound. He bore Naill no ill- will for having played them this trick. The world was full of wonder and a subtle fascination ; all through the hours of this enchanted afternoon ; and when eventually they got across to the mainland there was more of magic spells ; for they walked home through a lambent twilight, with a crescent moon of clear gold nearly overhead, while far away in the west, high above the mystic glooms and phantom-shapes of the Mull hills, there was a stormy glare of rose- pink, that Eent a warm flush across the now approaching Duntroone, its houses, and woods, and scant gardens. Yes, and all his life seemed likewise to have burst into flame : whether a consuming flame, it was for the inscrutable Fates to determine and declare. {To be continued.) 