jrV,K?AY 'SERVro'ES; " .-iFiiDtu j !'/|— f j ;j 0 V/ A „ _ _ CHRIST OHTIltmr Simon and bSlng t,le fcnst ot St oimon and St Jude, tho Rev e a Crawford 1 ®>e anostles ofe Olirfet U,(iH.4,Rin„i tl Uhffreh i"n; V,(Py'ty Blll,sNu of T lr m!i a a fow woro ri,en' ofnff ' rioto. mldld L y nr- "own only bT this oflico. Wo Sefulto rhn0njeCtUrC,tl Umt Christ would bo Ati lt li, !1 nT? b-ut rnQtl of falerit for His A.- 4 -11'-1 i'ffo- ourselves, they, were hak notynH aS"lofff)laco iuffividtmls Christ mblF M - fi Hls Piothod of working,. >Pro- nnoltl'e Tndn ' X (J£-' bo Pistl« not? tlio 2, but. -his.-; teneliing; is thoroughly tolioydo remmdimen of their ' "common f,il iin'r 0ti tliat . tlioy' should /Contend feith iice for all, deliverSd to the,,sai|ite.. It is good for Christian's/tofbo ad- ji088 1 — poh .t,b1cir," oommon'salvatidn;'' Thoy do not want tq.bo jlerpetually startled with now cones and new ideas. Wo like, to think that the Gospol vyhich we have received and wherein q stand., is not' one. thing to-day.'arid, another tnnifr to-morrow. No sooner Whs Christianity aunched-upqn th'o-wdild thali it was nsYaiied on all sides, nud its foes sometimes proved to bo of ' n,'.-0, ' b0HHobold" 'L'ho fttith was "onco. for ffo'jFUFoff, never to bo added to or diminished, hub to bo applied to tlie Holy Ghost to the', on- liglitoii.nlent of tho darkness, to the hoaling of the wounds of each succeeding age. It is for our common salvation," for all sorts and con ditions of men. It is ono nud tho same for all, for thoro is one mediator between God nnd man, who js man Himself, tho second Adam. Lot us strive miriiesHy for tho faith onco for all de livered..' And tlio sternest foes the faith has tn encounter will be found in our own faithless, worldly hearts. If we could conquer ourselves, tlie faith would have freer course in tlio -world. presbyterian church. The, Rev Hpmo Robertson preached, on Sun- ffy mbmiiig'in tho above church from tlio words — I pray not that they ehoiildst tako thorn from the world, but that thoy, shouldst keep ' them from tho evil"— John I7th chapter 15tn verso. This prayer was uttered on tho night tho Lord ate liis -lash Passover with tho disciples, - and in stituted tlio Sacrament of the Lord's supper. Jesus and his disciples, wore still akkembloa in tlio upper room ; before them oh the tablo, lay "'" .'ffeqd nntj the winp.of wbieh tlioy btid„par- takeri.1' Dhrist' had - spoken beautiful woi'dB of consolation and exhortation found iu -tlio 14th, 15th, aud lCth chapters of St John.', It' whs a sOleriui night, friiuglit with evonts the., most momentous in the history of tho world; Before Jesus lay all tho sorrow, the turmoil, tho tumult of a great temptation, the, agony, of the garden of G u t hsemaiio, 'the 'cold J hhiirHchb betrayal;'' tlie desurtion of 'his followers,' thb nlobWfery of his persecutors, the .suffering dfjiis' , crucifixion ; , all rf?v ' AW .Qufc '.olenriy " . aii'dj prtinfully , , /before Jesus.1 ;pnei,yquld liave thought, itjwas h,o wfro needed suppqrtingmnd -comforting, .when', lie was ,90: ;.tho .verge ;pf thattn,wfultVftliejK.qf> saii'gring which lie descended. , iYetlhO; did: riob.Xhink of himselF; - i but' of;, .-liis - qdisoiples.— -of us; lie.-.- gave .- them; (something' -to' idol --in re- mombratico of liiin that would cheer' the hearts of Christians through ' all tinie j'1niso he'prays for us -that' we may : think'1 of Him 'now in Heaven, still . praying ; for us.'. ! Wherefore, ho is able to' save to the, uttermost alltliat como unfo God by Him seoing he ever liveth tti niiike coh- tiiiual iiitorcessioii for, tliein.,", Th'o; divisions Dr Kerr gives ,on; this -text we adopt, .Tojbei kept in this world and to bo kept from tho evil im plies that wo' must iengnge in the ordinary busi ness' oflifeiand properly direct it. Our Chris tianity; must "rule - our ' intercourse. - with ' our follow ''men'.1; ' It '-must go . with us1 into ''all busine8sVihtb our homes;' into the strebt.' Iri'thb' seeb'rid -pliice/to be kbk inthb woHd'meaiis that we ,qro tq suffer under its. trials, and ,to',be:'pre-1 seived ' from "impatience.. What ,is - ; -more notewdrtliy, tlian. the. patience, ,and ."trustful loye of.,a'niiui pi', woman wlio, has sore trials for, ex ample, one who has" to: endure much weakness and sickness,,/. ono who .'has sustained ! heavy berenvement or suffered poverty or sustained; tlio loss'Of 'morioy ; what'is more striking than'- to see such a one with a calm trust and loving resigna tion showing how faith in the, goodness of God and the love of Christ brings peace and comfort. To he kept ink-he world and to bo kept from tlie evil mean.8- that we must endure and bonquer teiiiptatipn. / 'As long' as wo are here temptation will conie to us ; wo, shall be kept.if we j look to the great Ke»jVr,'"-..";(ni'b! 'LdiH.ib "fny Keeper." Our Btrdngtbj jfiVnbt .' 'in 'ourselves, but in Him. We are to whib/upqh tlio Lord, we are to> look to Him, to-live- with and walk beside Him'; this is to bo kept bytjHim unto etorunl life-, ;i j . , j 