ST THOMAS’S R.C. CHURCH, HUNTLY. The Very Rev, Prior Murray, O.S.A., opened a mission at St. Thomas’s Church, Huntly, last Thursday evening. The church was filled to the doors, and amongst the congregation worn several members of other denominations. An dilutant choir rendered the musical portion of the service each even ing in it very satisfactory manner. Those who took a oliiof part in the musical arrangements wore Moaditmos J. Reilly, Nellie Murphy, Lulls Summers, N. Aldridge and N. Banner. Mr. Thomas presided nt the organ. Tho church was filled twice each day by largo and attentive congregations. The Rev, James O’Carroll,the pastor of the district, celebrated mass each morning at 10 o.m., and a special liistruulion for tho children wos given by Prior Murray immediately after mass. An idea may bo formed of tho success attending the labors of tho missionary when it is said that there was scarcely one of tho con gregation who did not comply with tho requisite conditions for gaining tho plenary indulgence of tho mission. On Sunday Prior Murray celebrated Mass at 8.30 a.m. and every member of the packed congregation received Holy Communion. At 10a.m. bather O’Carroll said the sooond Mass, and adminis tered Holy Communion to o good number of persons of both sexes. Tho missionary then delivered an eloquent sermon on oharicy, and impressed on his hearers the absolute neces sity of this virtue if they wished to please God and secure eternal salvation. At 11 a.m. His Lordship Co-Adjutor Bishop Kovillo arrived, accompanied by Dr. Loo Kenny, Knight of St. Gregory tho Groat, etc, etc., (of Melbourne), and received a warm welcome from tho largo congregation. The object of tho Bishop's visit was to administer the Sacrament of Confirmation, for tho reception of which tho children had been carofally pre pared by Prior Murray and Father O’Carroll. Dr. Ru villa examined tho candidates nt con siderable length and then proceeded with the administration of tho Sacrament. His Lordship, attired is full pontificials, and attended by the clergy, then ascended tho altar and addressed tho congregation as follows: — My dear brethren, 1 am very pleased to hoar from tho good fathers who have been conducting the mission that you have responded with an earnestness worthy of nil praise. They havo labored for your spiritual welfare loto and early, but they have boon more than compen sated by tho manner in which you have at tended to tho duties of the mission that will ho solemnly closed this ovoniog. The great majority of tho congregation have received tho Holy Sacraments of Ponanco and tho Eucharist, and 1 trust thero will not bo ono who shall nob havo fulfilled his duty in this respect before tho mission comes to a close. It was a pleasure to hoar the good account tho Rov. Father Carroll and Dr. Murray had to give of the people of Duntly. As Catholics, my dear brethorn, you havo important duties to fulfil such os the duty of morning ond night prayer, the froquontation of tho sacra ments ul staled limes, and tho regular at tendance at mass once a month, which is tho time it is celebrated in St. Thomas’s. Pothers and mothers should exercise the greatest possible care in the education and instruction of those committed to their care by Almighty God, who will demand a strict account of parents for (be manner in which they shall havo complied with this, their hounden obligation, it was a source of delight to learn that a catechism class was about to he and the first Sunday school class would begin on the following Sunday at 3 o'clock, when a number of teachers would ho present to undertake the duty of touching tho children. Hero in Iluntly there wore some excellent Christian men and women, who appeared to lake a delight in imparting religious in struction to Catholic youth. This generous disposition on their part would bo richly rewarded by Almighty God. Now, it is my privilege to administer tho sacrament of conr Urination to those prepared for its reception. It is a sacrament instituted to give strength and courage to meet the dangers and diffi culties that besot tho path of those who seek to please God by their good lives, Tho Holy Ghost would pour out on them His sevenfold gifts and graces, and it would bo well for all to pray frequently to that Holy Spirit for grace and strength to walk faithfully in tho way of God’s commandments. Dr. Leo. Kenny, K.G.G., acted as sponsor for the hoys, and Mr. J. O’Mahony for the men, and Miss Zoo Hal pin for tho girls. After the sacred function, His Lordship said, my dear brethren I feel sure you are all very thankful to God for tho grace of receiving tho saoramonb of confirmation. You should resolve to-day to bo good Catho lics and faithful to alt tho duties of yoar holy religion. Children should show entire obedience to thoir parents ahd always treat them with tho gloatcst respect. If they persevered in these duties God would pour out His choicest favors upon them, aod they would become a credit to the church and useful members of society. The bishop then imparted his blessing to tho congregation, and the ceremonial was brought to a con clusion. In the evening tho church was crowded to tho doors, many being unable to gain admis sion. At 7 p.m. Prior Murray recited the rosary of the Blessed Virgin Mary, ond then proceeded to enrol forty members in the League of tho Sacred Heart of Jesus. This proved a very impressive scone aa the newly enrolled members recited the form of con secration in a loud voice. At the finish of the ceremony of reception the final sermon of tho mission was preached. Prior Murray’s text was, “ Bo thou faithful unto death and I will give thee a crown of life.” In a powerful sermon of an hoar’s duration tho preacher riretted tho attention of bis bearers as ho unfolded in refined word-painting the exceeding groat reward thot God will be stow on those who observe faithfully until death His divine law. Many were moved to tears, and all must have felt stronger to meet the trials and difficulties of life, and encour aged to do manfully what they had almost resolved on not doing. Prior Murray at the ond of a brilliant peroration, said ho had a pleasing duly to perform, and that was to express his lively thanks to Mr. and Mrs. O’Mahonv for their very great kindness to him ond Father O’CnrrolI during Iho past few days. Indeed, tho hospitality of Mr. ! O’Mahony would nob easily bo forgotten by bim. To tho choir and especially the organist bis best thanks were due, and God would reward them for Iho help they bad given in the exercises of the mission. In conclusion ho asked tho people (o say a little prayer for the missionary sometimes and bo would per form a like duty of charity for them. Bene diction of the Most Holy Sacrament brought Ibis most successful mission to a oloso. On Monday morning mass was said at 8.30 a.m. when there was guile a large congregation present, and those, who till then . foiled to comply with the duty of tho mission, happily came up at the eleventh hour to the ho little satisfaction of Iho missionary who delivered a brief discourse on tho happiness of .tho service of God from those words uttered by St. Peter on Mount Thabor, “Lord, it is good for us to bo here.” Accident to a Government Geologist.— Mr. James Stirling, the assistant Government geological surveyor, visited Coslorfield, Staf fordshire Flat, and Rodcastlo on Friday and Saturday last, at tho request of Mr. Bradley, of Staffordshire Flat. Whilst, driving fgom Co«-tprftold to Hoathcoto an accident occurred which might have . been a very serious one. Iho driver of Mr. Stirling’s buggy ran into tt stump, throwing those in the back sent some distance out. Tho driver was pulled out also; Mr. Stirling was fortunate enough to see tho danger, and prepared himself before it hap pened. Another buggy was obtained from Costerfield and the nartv driven borne. 