CURRENT NOTES. THF proposal of the Government to transfer the surplus staff of our railway employes to pickaiid-shovel work has cailed forth the inevitable deputation. If tbe Government attempts to close an unnecessary post office, or to open a necessary pound, there immediately rises up a deputation, headed by a member ol Parliament df course, to show the Minister that the post office is the staff of life to some woman, who is the sole support of her husband and his relations, or that the opening of a pound upon allotment one, instead of allotment two, will inflict hardship upon the local publican, who was induced to buy into "The l J ig and Whistle" by the representation that the Government pound would be on lot two. It goes without saying that it is a hardship upon men engaged for the light and airy occupation of nipping tickets and slamming doors to transfer them to pick-andshovel work, andtlierecan beonlyonejustification pleaded for such a proceeding, viz., tbat it is the less of two evils. If the transfer of the surplus porters is to be followed by the appointment of other men to do the work of the transferred porters, the action of the Minister would not only bo justifiable, but in the highest degree reprehensible. But, as we understand the position of affairs, the railway service is very much overmanned, and neither the traffic nor the quantity of work to te done warrants thc existence of the present large staff. It is but natural that the employes should protest against harder work—they would protest still more against being turned adrift altogether ; but, from the Ministerial point of view, this is the alternative. From the standpoint of the employes and their "introducing" members the alternative lies between continuing at the present occupation of being two-meu-for-one-nian'swork, to which labour they have been accustomed, or turning to the " hard, graft" for which they have no liking, and for which, no doubt, many of them are untiLted. It is needless to say which the employes choose. • » « » There is, however, an important corporate personage whom nobody seems to consider in these matters—and tbat is the taxpayer. He is oppressed with burthens on every side, and his business has fallen to sucli an extent that it is simply impossible for him to continue in his present nay of living. His house is too expensively furnished, and he has too many servants. If he can do liis business with one-half his staff ol clerks, and run bis bouse with a less number of servants, it is imperatively necessary for him to do so iu bad times. When bis business is {laying he can spend his wealth as lie likes, and if his generous nature prompts him to employ a stipendiary spectator for each servant, he has a perfect right to do so. But the taxpayer, if not actually insolvent, is heavily in debt, and cannot afford to indulee in tbe expensive freaks of millionaires. Rigid retrenchment and economy are forced upon him by necessity and justice, and are not prompted by inclination or a wilful wish to injure. If the service is over-manned, and hundreds of unnecesaary men are being -upported simply because they cannot find equally agreeable and remunerative employnient outside the service the " Taxpayer Has '1 ri<dit to demand that there shall be Immediate reform. No man has a right to ask 'hat the Taxpayer shall employ him although we admit that in a civilised community it is necessary that every man shall be furnished with the means of support The first thin" necessary is to decide upon the employes of the State. These (members of Parliament included) should be decided both as to number and value, The numbTrTecessary f^the dudes "shou'ld""be employed and no more. When men or States cannot pay their debts extravagance is a crime, very manis ^<=^d.Xorot the co.mnumty r.It to live f in tl e ways^o our commerce and our civilisation there is not room for ian to earn a living, the State must make an elfort to support him, but that support is then given in clmrity This is not a very 1'leasant way of stating the case, but when the railway porters or other redundant public servants are stripped of their bombastic members of Parliament it will be found that they are practically suing, though not in forma pauperis, for charity. The Government says that there is not work enough to warrant their employment at the labour to which they have been aecusturned. " That does not matter," is the retort ; " you should still pay us for not doing the work, so long as we are willing to do it. We must live, and we da not care for any work but that with which we have become familiar." That is the attitude of the redundant employes. They refuse, however, to call things by their proper names. They call a Benevolent Asylum a Government Department, and desire that our workshops should be "workhouses," where the "Union " finds the necessaries of life for those who cannot gain a livelihood in the outside . , , , , A CERTUS party, mwtuoh two or three labour membere are conspicuous, are stirring up tbe authorities with a view to the removal of children from the city streets after certain hours at night -newspaper sellers, and vendors of flowers, matches, ]easure' etc. brin Most men, whose business or dlem mco Uie city at night, jnust the great increa6e in the number of , youngsters, girls as well as boys, thatbeset them wherever they go with demands, pitep<ls,'business-like and impertinent, for their custom. The-tiumber of^young girls • • who now sppeaf to earn a (hiseruUeHiving selling buttonhole bouquets alone rti the greets of Melbourne is very large, and the exigencies of their business are certainly not such as would tend to the progress of morality amongst children, Their "happy" huuting-ground L.—,,,,,1 is the hotel I,,,.P1 1 bar, and here tliey push Their trade with tbe boldest persistence, and not a little cunning, tho "Johnny," who is easiest persuaded to buy a Aural offering for the barmaid, being the com- 'nonest victim. As for boys, Bourke and Swanston streets seem to be infested with them from eight o'clock till midnight, and they are prepared to sell anything or do anything for a penny. Evening pipers and matches are their commonest wares, but there are many who rely 1 1 upon their ability as reciters of ' doggerel, usually " relative to the performances or the fate of a popular jockey, or imitators of an.nia s, to win # # , The existence of the street arabs is admitted, The proposal of the philanthropic party who have deputationised the Minister of Education is to sweep them away. That would be easily done j'but what then ? Most of the youngsters are, in all probability, doing the best they can for themselves. It is not a generous act to deprive them of tbe one opportunity that o/for.s of earning a few coppers without an effort to create fresh opportunities for them. It is tbe easiest thing in the world to go up before a Minister, with a righteous air and an affectation of charity, and to talk platitudes about tbe evil that may come to these children through their being permitted to haunt the streets and tbe hotels as they do. We all of us know that that cannot be a good thing for small boys or small girls ; but those persons who affect in public to be so anxious for tile welfare of tiie youngsters might have employed themselves better in finding if their homes—supposing they have any— are any fitter places for children than the common streets and in trying to discover if a better means of earning a little money'might not be made available to the boys and girls !,efore th c were d >' u .l;, nved . of the 01! 'y m Jf anB 1 l e y. "°. w P nst i ess " , lher ®. » '"J se " fie J' 11 ' 1 no charity m turning a boy off the streets who lives only upon what he can earn there, with nothing but the comforting assurance that it is done for tbe sake of his morals. .The morals of even the most deplorable waif in a city slum should not governors, be beneath but they consideration are not to be benefitted of the city at the expense of his stomach, and the action of those gentlemen who waited upon Mr. Peacock is suggestive of the idea that the best way to deal with poverty is to abolish it out of sight. drive it. to the outskirts and into the dark lanes, and make it an illegal offence for it to show s' itself in the electric light of the city streets Mu. W. WJLLMOTT gets a good deal of jam all round for his sensible address on the Education Act, delivered on the occasion of his first appearance as chairman of the Congregational Union There was nothing novel in the address, but tbe fact of a man holding so prominent a position in a religious body speaking facts and sendments that have hitherto been confined almost exclusively to secular defenders of the system gives it zest The fierce fulmmations directed against the free, sccular and compulsory Education Act by reve verend critics,and the preposterous charges laid at the door of the system by theologians generally ;nerally received very little atten- 1 1 (ion fromthe people who judged J — J accurately '- 1 - *'•" the a value of their wild and whirling words, but a cool, lucid and impartial deliverance on the on a duck's back as to deluge them with hysterical talk about the moral degeneracy of the young V.ctor.an, and the love of assorted villainies planted in him and cherished by secular education, l ie foremost enemies of the secular system make the mistake of rushing to ridiculous extremes, castigating evils that do not exist, and prognosticating horrors that never happen, ami the effect of their efforts is quite the opposite to that which they desire. The people have the good effects of tbe Act constantly before them, and can find no proof of its alleged immoral influence on tbe children. Is it a wonder the animadversions of the hysterica] critics are received with indifference or demur ! TH K wholesale dealers in spooks and spirits are attracting general attention in Australia just now, thai expert raiser of visionary things, jlJrs. Mellon, of Sydney, having done more to advertise the cult than any other half-dozen ill the business. It is noteworthy that it is this MyWaHures, not her successes that have inspired the interest of the publie Ifanvthiixfunher ifj rea„ M(ie(led ,fj ^ ^ comn J l e e n^ 111CU and wonlun of the u,,„te„|ui; ahsurditv of be pretentions of the mediums who live on'tbe game, it will be found in the excuses and ex- ,))anations ()flered by M rs. Mellon and her tr;e,1()i, and iMcters in endeavourim- to discount the recent disci,lhurM )llade , H(i a])d thc scepticR wiK, assi,;ted ililn ,,, discovering the rea, idel1tily of our „]d b f,.jelld t,eordie from Aberdeen, and Cissie and Josephine. The average Spiritualist cannot be supposed to have any sense of humour; if he had, he would hardly take seriously a ghost with a very broad and thick .Scotch accent, and a little black spook with an extraordinary appetite for chocolate creams, "anting this saving sense, the Spiritualists will acci-pt Mrs. Mellon's explanation of how she came to be in the hands of the man who thought lie was grappling with the wraith of a little negress in all irood faith, and will solemnly rejoice over the testimony of the medium's - hem ! —legs as gravely set forth in that lady's defence. * * t * A map. who believes himself to be living in an atmosphere impregnated, so to speak, with the spirits of the departed is bound to lose his sense of the ridiculou.s—if he ever had any such sense —and take a .serious and melancholy view of even the greatest absurdities. That is w hy the Spiritualists are so solemnly impressed by the class of ghosts with which mediums invariably keep company, whilst the outer spiritual barbarian regards them as extra vacantly comical. That so much trouble should be taken and so much mystery be necessary to persuade the spirit of a late-lamented vulgar'Scotchman to arise, and, w lien it has arisen, that it should be incapable of anything better in the shape of an exhibition than devouring a cake and uttering a few silly trivialities with a disagreeable burr, if, to the mind of the unbeliever, extremely unreasonable, and no more impressive than the caperings of a materia! clown at an everyday circus—much funnier, in fact, by reason of the fearsome surroundings, tbe grim pretensions of. the medium and the reverent and simple faith of the sitters. Of course, we lmve 110 reason for supposing that spooks—presuming there are such things—have any more wisdom or sense in spirit-land than they had when in the flesh; but we have a right to expect tbat they will not show less, and we know that the alleged ghott of William Shakespeare has been made to dis course like a farm-labourer, and the spirit i f Thomas Carlyle ha> uttered platitudes in a manner that would have stirred the sage of Chelsea to the hottest invective. * * * * Mrs. Mellon has not been fortunate in the alibre of her spooks ; they are all disembodied nknowns and nobodies in spiritlaml; she does ot reproduce poets and philosophers, and those he does materialise are such a poor lot tbat hey should have retained at least the reputaion of genuineness. This has been lost to them y tho action of the ruthless Henry. Set a edium to catch a medium. The gentleman who caught Mrs. Mellon is, it appears, a rival n the busiuess. and his action in the matter peaks eloquently of the trust and confidence hose "in the know" repose in Spiritualistic wonder-workers. Mrs. Mellon insists, in her explanation, tbat Henry did really catch hold of 'he spirit of Cissy, but that the instant, his grip fastened upon the spook, she was precipitated rom the cabinet, where she was supposed to have been sitting all the time, into tbe form of the materialised ncgress, just as two drops of mercury Jlow together and become one. This isjt clever way of accounting for her comprotDi§ing\position in the hands of the sceptic, and the wonder is that it did not occur to mediums w ho have been so unfortunate as to be caugllt similarly on previous occasions. If such explanations" are to be deemed satisfactory it will be as well to give up further investigation of tbe phenomena of s™^ as the most conviuciug proof of fraud could be easily disposed of by similar arguments. . . , , 1 he whole business is preposterously absurd ; the curtained cabinet, the feeble light, the music, all the mummerv mummery and hv.nluv by-play nf of » a third - class pro essor of legerdema.ne the ai: ntics of the spirits, their puerile gabble, and ai. the impudent preteusioiib of the medium. These 11 things may not be inconsistent with Spiritualism as the hobby of simpletons and cranks, and the working field of inexpert fakirs, who are hardly good enough to please a musichall audience, but just smart enough to raise spooks when conditions are favourable; the spirit of investigation is not too strong in the audience. Mediums call the spirit of investigation an inharmonious influence. 