THE WANDERING CATTLE NiriSANCb AT BACCHUS MARSH A RATEPAYER THREATENS TO SHOOT STRAY COWS. TROUBLE FOR THE INSPECTOR Visitors to Bacohus Marsh have invariably expressed the opinion that they have arrived at a happy place. It is understood that dairying is a staple industry, but persons liviug ousside of the Eden, the Marsh inav fairly claim to have fondly imagined that all the local cows do is to come up once or twice a day to be milked, and then retire to the clover or lucerne paddocks, to chew the cud of reflections, and provide the next supply of lacteal fluid. At Monday's meeting of the Bacchus Marsh Shire Council this happy idea was rudely upsit. A deputation of angry ratepayers waited upon the council and in language more forcible than polite, asserted that the cows of Bacchus Marsh or some of them (they cannot be tbe mild eyed innocent creatures we have seen), were midnight marauders, thieves, and roobers, eating up the succul"ut cabbage provided fur the family meal, breaking down tlie sheltering hedge, which gives a cosy nook for a moonlight night, causing uncanny thoughts of ghosts and spook on the part of substantial householders, returning from " lodge " and generally disturbing tbe nocturnal peace of the particularly peaceful town. All these awful charges, and more, were broug it against the cows of Bacchus Marsh. In our mind any disturbance of midnight slumber has invariably been associated with tom-catsr in Bacchus Marsh the trouble is cows At Monday's meeting the wandering cowbusiness w?8 commenced by a letter from Mr T. G. Pearce. The matter was adjourned till after lunch. By this time all the ordinary business had been disposed of. Accounts had been passed for payin»nt, new works let, the Engineer's report considered, mid the council bad both time and disposition to deal out merciless slaughter to any straying cow or other sanguinary disturber of the good order of Bacchus Marsh. . Councillors settled down in a " come on Macduff " style, and up came the waudering cows. A deputation was present, but the majority of the members will forgive us if we pass them by and report only the treuchant utterances of Mr JHS. Young, who certainly appeared to represent the case in its most glaring aspects. Ruthlessly and scuthingly, Mr Young entered upon his task, and the character of the Bacchus Marsh cows was for ever blasted. Garden gates (if left open), are to them a mere bagatelle; cabbages, cauliflowers, and rhubarb, the staff of lite, flowers a dainty morsel, and even hedges are polished off when nothing else is available. Not only do the wandering cows theive, but they pollute the streets, which owing to Mr D. A. Little's care and attention are usuaily a model of cleanliness. Cows are not the only offeudors for occasionally a horse is turned oat to " starve in the streets " and this the perverse animal appears to do as close to a ratepayer's front door as possible. Mr Young concluded bis address iu a tragic manner. He claimed that the duties of street ranger and general stray cattle scavenger, might as well be given to the " mau in the moon " the man at present holding the office. He boldly asserted that at some, future date he would unhesitatingly discharge a musket at a stray cow. Insinuatingly he added that tbe shot intended for the cow might find some other target, " and Chen, " he asked, in guttural tones, "who will be responsible? At this appalling question a perceptible shudder seemed to run through the Council, and it appeared as though the residents of the town registered an unspoken vow to be in bed from henceforth at 9.30 sharp. Our reporter endeavored to find out if Mr Young belonged to the local sparrow club, and jotted down a few sensational headlines for the report of a blood curdling tragedy at Bacchus Marsh. The council settled down for solid business, and the road ranger who resides somewhere under the .classic.,shades of- the Pentland Hills, came.in for a bad quarter of an hour. The President thought there should be a change iu the ofiicership.. Cr Peter Graut thought members of the deputation should come forward to swear an information regarding the malicious conduct of the cows. At this the members smiled iu a knowing fashion. Cr Dickie urged that tbe road ranger did not know the owners of the cattle, which were turned out after the officer had gone home. Councillors asked if allowing cattle to trespass is au offence according to the police offences statutes. The secretary, Mr D. A. Little, replied that wilful trespass was an offence, but it was very hard to prove wilfid trespass. Oh ! diplomatic Mr Little! \Vho is to know wnether a cow goes out to see the time by the Post Office clock or meet a mau at the corner, or whether with fell designs upon a neighbors cabbages and hedge ? Ultimately after long consideration it was decided that the road ranger he relieved of that portion of his duties relatiug to the streets of Bacchus Marsh at a reduction in salary of £5 per annum. Cr Watson moved that the duties be offered to the weighbridge keeper. Possibly he moved thus, because he thought that the weighbridge keeper having recently visited Ireland, would know the most suitable weapon for driving a stray cow from the garden gato. Finally -the matter was left in the hands of the shire secretary. In the meantime there is no ranger. We can only advise ratepayers to tsit out at their gate, and to consult Mrl 'Young or the heeper of the weighbridge yas to the most suitable means of defence. <. For our own part we should arm ourselves with a three legged stool aud a milk pail. That is our tip as a cure for the wandering cow. The council then went into a discussion upon the dog tax. We cannot report that discussion. We freely give our columns for reports, we love reporting, but after many years' experience we are forced to the conclusion that when a dog tax discussion comes along it is time to devote our attention to the next week's leading article if we want to be a trifle more than up to date. The council soon broke up. would. We knew it 