TALK O' THE TOWN. Each Sly Sansrtdo, with hit potaotumi pill flloa to the i'rlnter'a Devil.— Horacs rfmitn, Thb Premier is not satisfied with tho progroea tho Land Bill ia making. Ho complains that tho mo&suro; has boon in OomraiMoo ainoo tho 11th Ootobor, and only tho 21st clause haa been reachod. And it haa only boon touched by thit noatnonemont of aovoral clauses of a highly contentious character. Mr, Roid has boon tolling tho roportora that this progress does nut ploaso him, but ho is a good deal liko that Saxon king, who wanted to stop the tido. Ho can no moro control tho House than Oanuto could tho wavea. Ho must only grin and boar it, and should ho attempt to play up in any way ho will find that ho haa mado a very groat mistake. A Land Bill is ono of tho measures which excito all tho garrulity of tho windbaga of Parliamont. Evory mombor thinks ho ia an infallible authority. Why, ono of tho moat noraistont talkora in tho Bovoral olausoB ib a mombor of tho Sydnoy Trades and Labour Council, who, for tho colony's sins, was ohuckcd into Parliamont by a Southorn constituency. If tho truth must bo told ho knows no moro of tho practical diflicaltiea of soUloiuent than a pig of a hollaud shirt. Yot for hours oach night ho discourses on tho various modus of tenure, provided by existing laws nnd tho now ones proposed in tho Bill buforo Parliamont as if ho had lived all his lifo in tho country, and know tho difference botwoon a throo rail and a chook and log fonco. Whonovor 1 hoar thoso city doctrinaires talking about tho land quostion i think of a littio incident which c&mo; undor my notico a fow yoars ago, A young gontlemau from Sydnoy was in thoso ports. Ho was in tho train, going westward, and aa tho resonant atoom eaglo woa passiug through a wido plain, a hut woa noticed on tho outormoat odgo. " What place ia tint?" asked tho city pilgrim, and his friond ropliod, "Oh that a a dummy's hut." "Good gracious." romarkod tho other, real concorn iu his volco, "isn't it barbarous and cruol putting poor offiiotod creatures who cannot hoar or talk in suoh terribly out of tho way placos." Ho thought tho hut was some local asylum for tho doaf atid pumb. Thore is no doubt that in those modern days thoro ia an inclination on tho part of parents to givo their children very high sr nding names. Tho old- fashioned John, William, Thomas, Michaol, Richard, and such liko are out of dato. I think tbo novol of tho poriod is responsible for many of tho torriblo namos with which our boys and girls aro handicapped in tho raco of lifo. Whon tho lato Jamos Smith was writing thoso wondorful stones of his in a London weokly— by tho way thoso novols woro as artis tic efforts far abovo tho modern " shockors mothors got namos for thoir children out of them. Tho f&thor; of tho prosont Anglican bishop of Molbonrno had peculiar ideas. Ho callod ono aon " Wild Flowers, " and tho othor (tho bishop) " Fiold Flowers." But, I think, tho host namo I ovor hoard of woa muntionod a few ovoninga ago ct tho Roman Oathoiic Ohuroh by ono of tho fathora now conducting tho mission thoro. Ho was called iu to baptise a child, and tho mothor said, in reply to tho quostion bs to what namo tho youngster wnald boar, " Oh father, £ havo such a lovoly namo for him." "What is it?" said tho priest. " Neuralgia, " answorod tho womnu, " and aoro, your revoronco, I found it on a modicine bottle." A lot of our town and district pooplo aro going to soo tho Melbourne Oup— to do tho lawn at Floiningtou and attompt to break the ring. I havo aeon in my titno aovoral aot out with tho aamo noblo ambition, and return with out having accompliahod it. Thoy havo strutted on tho lawn, but they havo not burst up tho bookmakers. In fact, it has ofton boon lucky that thoy had roturu tickets, or it would huvu puzzled thorn how to got back homo. Tho "ring" ia o difficult nut to crack, as soino of tho ricboBt and wisest racing mon, not ouly hore, but in England havo found out. Pooplo aay, howovor, that if Huonalf or Carnago couto homo for tho Melbourne Cup, there will bo a crack sotnowhoro. Thoy aro largely backed in doubles with Paris, tho Caulfiuld Cup winner. Somo of our local sports havo rhom, nnd as it may givo tilings a fillip if a littio foreign capital was brought hore, 1 wish thoin ovory success. E would, howovor, caution all and sundry who luvo tho two favourites going for them, that it is invariably tho unoxpuctod which hap pens in tho Molbouruo Cup. By tho way, I dou't hoar rnuoh about lust year's winner. Thoy havo Homo wags in tho Logislatiro Assonibly. Among tho members returnod at tho Inat oloction ia ono who is oa convinced as ho is of his own existence of his ability to set tho world right. Ho haa any numbor of motions on tho bustnoss papor, and threatens any numbor of Billa to aot this wicked world straight. The othor ovening, whilo enjoying a cup of tea in tho refreshment room this new Reformor was informed by a messenger that ho waa callod for at tho tolophono. Ho wont and was told that tho oditor of tho senior daily would bo glad to soo him at tho ofllco aud havo a chat with him ovor things in gonoraland moaauros ho intonded to introduce in particular. Tho honourable mombor told many of his brother tnombors of the invitation he received, aod ho was congratulated on his good fortuno upoa having so early in his political caroor attracted tho attention of so hih and mighty a porsouago as tho oditor of tho Hunter-streot Thuudorer. In duo course ho visited tho office, and woa at his request shown into tho sanotum. " Well, Mr. 0. I am here," romarkod tho mombor. "Oh, I soo you aro," ropliod tho moek-oyod long boarded gontloman, "but might I ask," ho continued, "what brings you horo?" "Now thou," laughod tho mombor, " that's too good. You know I camo in response to you tolophono mosiago asking mo for an intorviow." Tho oditor scratched his head, and mildly suggested there was a mistake somewhere, for no had never telephoned for the bonourablo gontloman, who loft tho offico adisatiafiod if not a wise man. There waa, howovor, next day a whisper in the Parliamentary anto-rooms that tho wholo thing had boon rigged up by Jokom — the ohartorod funny man of the Houao— whohad got possession of a tolephonodown town. And probably that is truo solution. Spiritualism is coming into voguo again, aud it ia just now oa fashionable with thoso folks who go in for something sensational aa whon Artomua Ward wrote that very amusing satire, wliich is ono of tho most interesting chapters in "HiaBook." Lot nioatonco aay that I have no belief in modem spiritualism. I look upon all thoso materialised spooks — whether they come as Cissios, Gsordies, or that Ooalbaggio gontloman— as so many humbugs. No doubt thoy impose upon certain sensitive and highly nervous individuals, who aro roady to soo tbo forms of tho dopartod Halting in tho air, nnd aro prepared to tako tfyCToicos of tho mediums as whispers from Spiritl&nd.; Whilo I am roady to beliovo that there aro, aa Jonn Ingolow boau- tifully puts it, "chinks iu tho world above whoro thoy liston to words from bolow," I am an onboliover iu thoso manifestations at soancos — in thoso sights seen in darkened rooms, with a cirole of impressionable womon and half crazy men. In tho past, they have boon invariably discovered to bo fran is, and they aro no bettor now, I am euro, thuu thoy woro then. You may may call up spirits from tho vasty doop, but— hero's the rub— will they come 1 Ghosts are not summoned, liko witnesses at a court bouse, by calling out their named. WILL HONEYCOMB, 