KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] CHAPTER I.—(Continued.) He was very handsome ; perfectly, faultlessly handsome, with an olive complexion, a low fore head, a chiselled nose, a thick black moustache, and two dark almond eyes, of '' liquid light.'' Not tall, not stout, not very manly-looking, perhaps, in any way ; men were rather given to sneer at Mr. Gaston Dantree's somewhat effeminate beauty. But they never sneered long. There was that in Mr. Dantree's black eyes, in Mr. Dantree's musical voice, in Mr. Dantree's trained muscles, that would have tendered a serious difficulty a little unpleasant. He took off his hat now, despite the pouring rain, and stood before the heiress of Scarswood, looking like the Apollo himself in a shabby shooting jacket. ''You do me too much honor, Miss Dangerfield ; I don't really think your life was in any danger ; still it's pleasant to know I was the one to stop your black steed, all the same. Rather a coin cidence, by-the- by, that I should meet you here just at present, as, taking advantage of last night's kind invitation, I was about to present myself at Scarswood.'' ''And Scarswood is very well worth seeing, I assure you. As it is not more than a quarter of a mile to the gates, suppose you resume your hat and your journey. ''But, Miss Dangerfield, you will get your death of cold at this pace in this downpour." 'Oh, no, I will not,'' Katherine answered, coolly. ''The rain will never fall that will give me my death! You don't know how strong I am. Come, Mr. Dantree, let me see if you can walk as fast as Ilderim.'' She looked down at him with that brilliant smile that lighted her dark face into something brighter than beauty. ''Come, Mr. Dantree,'' she repeated, ''let me be cicerone for once, and show you the splendours of Scarswood. It is the show place of the neighbour hood, you know, built by a Dangerfield, I am afraid to say how many centuries ago. We came over with William, the whats-his-name, you know, or perhaps William found us here when he arrived ; I'm not positive which. We're a dreadfully old family, indeed, and I'm the last daughter of the race; and I wouldn't be anybody but Catherine Dangerfield of Scarswood Park for the world !'' She dashed under the huge masonry as she spoke, half laughing, wholly in earnest. She was proud of the old blood that flowed so spiritedly in her veins, of this noble mansion, of the princely inheritance, which was her birthright. ''Welcome to Scarswood, Mr. Dantree,'' she said, as he passed by her side under the Norman arch. He raised his hat. ''Thank you, Miss Dangerfield,'' he said gravely ; and so, still by her side, walked up the dripping elm avenue and into the house. His fatal beauty — fatal , though he was but seven and-twenty, to many women — had done its work once more. Her own hand had brought him there, her own voice had spoken her sentence. Gaston Dantree stood under the roof of Scarswood Hall, and until her dying hour, this day would stand out distinct from all other days in Katherine Danger- field's life. Sir John sat in his library alone, the letter from Paris still crushed in his hand as though it had been a serpent. It seemed a very harmless serpent. at first sight ; it only contained these lines, written in an elegant, flowing Italian chirography : Paris, September 23. ''My Dear Sir John Dangerfield: How delightedly my pen writes the title! A baronet! Who would have thought it ? And Scarswood Park is yours, and your income is clear eight thousand a year. Who could have hoped it ? And you're back in England, and la petite — the little Katherine. Darling little Katherine ? So full of spirit and self- will, as she was when I saw her last, and that is fifteen years ago. Ah, mon dieu ! fifteen weary, weary, weary years. My dear baronet, I am coming to see you. I know you will be enchanted. On the third of October you will send your carriage to Castleford Station to meet the 7.20 London express and me. And your servant will ask for Mrs. Vavasor. I adapt my names as I do my conversation, to company ; and, among the aristocratic county families of Sussex, let me be aristocratic, too. Adieu, my baronet, for the present ; and allow me to subscribe myself by the old and, alas ! plebeian cognomen of - "Harriet Harman." "P.S. --Tell my pet, Katherine, I am coming. Kiss the darling child for me." He had sat for hours as he sat now, that letter crushed in his hand, a grayish pallor on his face, his eyes looking blankly out at the drifting rain, at the tossing, wind-blown trees. The lighting leaped forth at intervals, the summer thunder broke forth over the roof, the summer rain beat on the glass. He neither saw nor heard ; he sat like a man stunned by a great and sudden blow. " And I thought her dead,'' he murmured once. ''I hoped she was dead. I thought, after fifteen years' silence, I was safe ; and now — oh, God ! will the wicked wish never be granted ?'' He sat there still as he had sat since he left the breakfast- table, when the door was flung wide open. and Katherine, dripping like a mermaid, stood before him. 'May I come in, papa, or have you fallen asleep ? Do you know it is two o'clock, and past luncheon time, and that I have brought home a guest ? It's Mr. Dantree, papa — you remember him, you know and he wants to see the house, and I want you to be civil to him. He's in the blue drawing-room and while I'm changing my habit I wish you would go up and entertain him. Papa !''— she broke off suddenly, catching sight of his altered face — ''what is the matter ? You look like your own ghost ?'' He rose up stiffly, as if his limbs were cramped, crushing the letter more tightly still in his hand. He turned away from the window, so that his face was hidden from her, as he answered : '' I am a little cold. Who did you say was waiting, Katherine? Oh, yes, the singing man—Gaston Dantree. By the way, Kathie, tell Harrison to prepare one of the front chambers for a lady —an old friend of mine — who is coming to visit us. She will be here on the evening of the third of October next, and her name is Mrs. Vavasor.'' CHAPTER II. MRS. VAVASOR. The London express, due at Castleford Station at 7.20, rushed in with an unearthly shriek, like Sinbad's black monster with the one red fiery eye. There were five passengers for the town— four men and a woman. The train disgorged them and then fled away, shrieking once more, into the black October night. A wet and gusty autumn evening, a black and starless sky frowning down upon a black and sodden earth. A bitter blast blew up from the sea, and whirled the dead leaves in drifts before it. The station, dreary and isolated, as it is in the nature of stations to be, looked drearier than ever tonight. Far off the lamps of the town glimmered athwart the rain and fog, specks of light in the eerie gloom. The four male passengers who had quitted the train hurried with their portmanteaus, buttoned to the chin, and with hats slouched forward over their noses — honest shopkeepers of Castleford, but look ing villanously brigandish in the light of the station lamps. Only the female passenger remained, and she came tripping up the platform with a little satchel in her hand, blithe and smiling, to the chief station official. '' I beg your pardon, sir ; but can you tell me if the carriage from Scarswood Park is waiting for me?'' She was a beautiful little woman. Two great dark eyes of lustrous light beamed up in the official's face, and a smile that illumined the whole station with its radiance dazzled him. She had feathery black ringlets — she had a brilliant high colour — well, a trifle too high, probably, for some fastidious tastes — she had teeth white and more glistening than anything the official had ever seen outside a dentist's show- case — she had the tiniest little figure in the world, and she had, as far as the official could judge, from the glitter of her appear- ance, some three- and-thirty years. With the flash of her white teeth, the sparkle of the black eyes, the glow of the rose-red cheeks, she dazzled you like a sudden burst of sunlight, and you never stopped to think until afterward how sharp and rasping was the voice in which she addressed you. The carriage from Scarawood ? No, it had not — that is to say, the official did not know whether it had or not. Would the lady be pleased to sit down ? There was a fire in here, and he would go and ascertain. ''I certainly expected to find it waiting,'' the little lady said, tripping lightly after him. '' Sir John knows I am coming tonight. He is such an old friend of mine — Sir John. It's odd now the carriage isn't waiting — tell them when they do come, Mrs. Vavasor is here.'' '' The carriage has come,'' announced the official on the moment. ''This way, madame, if you please.'' The close carriage, its lamps glowing like two red eyes in the darkness, its horses pawing the ground, its coachman stiff and surly on the box, was drawn up at the station door. The official held the door open— she thanked him with a radiant smile, and then Sir John Dangerfield's carriage was flying through the darkness of the wet October night over the muddy high-road to Scarswood Park. Little Mrs. Vavasor wiped the blurred glass, and strained her bright black eyes as the vehicle whirled up the avenue, to catch the first glimpse of the house. It loomed up at last, a big black shadow in the dark ness. Lights gleamed all along its front windows, and the distant sound of music floated out into the night. Mrs. Vavasor's fascinating face was at its brightest — the sparkle in her eyes sparkled more than ever. ''A party — a ball, perhaps. Let me see, the third of October — why, la petite's birthday, of course. Miss Dangerfield, heiress of Scarswood, is just seventeen tonight. How stupid of me to forget it.'' She laughed in the darkness and solitude, a little low laugh not pleasant to hear. '' I wonder how poor dear Sir John will meet me, and what account he will give of me to his daughter ? It couldn't have been pleasant for him to receive my note. I dare say by this time he thought me dead.'' She stepped out a moment in the rain, then into the lighted vestibule, then into the spacious entrance hall, where Mrs. Harrison, in a gray silk gown and white lace cap, and all the dignity of housekeeper, met her courteously. ''Mrs. Vavasor, I think, ma'am ?'' Mrs. Vavasor's enchanting smile answered in the affirmative. ''Sir John's orders are every attention, ma'am, and he was to be told the minute you arrived. This way, if you please, and you're to wait here, ma'am, until he comes to you.'' She led the way upstairs, and threw open the door of a half-lighted elegant apartment, all bright with upholstery, curtains, and carpet of blue and gold. ''How very nice,'' Mrs. Vavasor remarked, glancing pleasantly around; ''and you are the housekeeper, I suppose, my good soul ? And your young lady is having a party on her birthnight ? How pleasant it must be to be only seventeen, and handsome, and rich, and a baronet's daughter ?'' Mrs. Vavasor laughed that sharp little laugh of hers that rather grated on sensitive ears. ''Miss Dangerfield is handsome, no doubt, Mrs.---ah--'' ''Harrison, ma'am,'' the housekeeper responded, rather stiffly. '' And Miss Katherine is very 'andsome, indeed, in my eyes. I'll tell Sir John you're here, ma'am, at once, if you'll please sit down.'' But it pleased Mrs. Vavasor to stand — she turned up the lamps until the room was flooded with light, then walked over to a full-length mirror and looked at herself steadily and long. '' Fading !'' she said, '' fading ! Rouge, French coiffurer, enamel, belladonna, and the rest of it, are very well ; but they can't make over a woman of thirty-seven into a girl of twenty. Still, con sidering the life I've led' — she set her teeth like a little lion-dog. ''Ah, what a bitter fight the battle of life has been for me ! If I were wise I would pocket my wrongs, forego my vengeance, keep my secret, and live happy in Scarswood Hall forever after. I wonder if Sir John would, marry me if I asked him ?'' (To he continued.) 