(Ebflbren. My Little Neighbour A stormy Jane day. How steadily the rain fell and how tbe wind moaned. But any one looking into our obeerful sitting- room must havo forgotten tbo state of tbe weather, for a brisht fire anauDod end oraokled in tbe grate, and Claire Wilson was seated on tbe hearth-rug juet at my feat with a gray kitten in her arms. Olaire'e happy faee made eonshine all abont. Her doll was sleeping upon my knee while I busily worked at a pink party dress for Miss Miriam Yellowtresa ; quite a long name for a rather small doll: il took Olaire three day to think of it. You see Miss Miriam Yellowtrosa had beeu invited to a dolls' party, and so Giaire, my little next door neighbor, bad oome in to talk it all over with me. " And she shall, wear her blue silk drees with the blue SAt-h again," announood Olairo, smootbiog her doll's ourls tenderly. " Sbo ought to have another party dross," I said. " How would pink silk do?" " Beautiful ! It would just suit ber ohceke, Mies May," oried Giaire. " Well, she shall have ono ot that oolour, then, and I'll make It for hor." I ran away for the material, whioh Glairo pronounced "just lovely." " It's a piece of ono of my danoing-sohool dresses — I wore it when I was not much bigger than you ore, Giaire," 1 said. " And now dolly must be measured." And so sbi was, and tho dress onco fairly started pro gressed rapidly. Miss Miriam Ycllowtress dozed beforo the fire, Clairo bugged her .kitten upon tbe hearth-rug and obatted blithely to me aa I reeked and bommed and at leogth finished the simplo trained skirt, Then tbo tiny waist was oouimenoed, and Olairo, growing lestlcss, commenoed dancing about tbe room and Binging, or paused to lean against my ohair and bestow an earnest kiss upon my ebeek. " Shall I read you a story, Miss May ?" asked Giaire. " Yoa, pet, do," I said. So ebe chose a book from tbo ocntro table and ourlcd herself up on tbe rug at my feet again. Now Olaire is six years old, and oan read very well if sbe takes time to puzzle tbe long words out. This time she never seemed to notice whether the words were long or short. The title of tbo book sbe 'held was "Longfellow's Poems," and this is Olaire's story : " Onoe there was a little girl wbo went to sohool every day, almost, but onco in a while, when it stormed, her mamma would givo her a holiday. She almost always spout tbe holiday with a young lady who lived next door to bor, Claire— I moan the little girl— loved this young lady, ob, very, very much!" Here Claire caught my bend and gave it a warm squeeze. " A lovely bird sang all day long In the window of Miss May's sitting-room, and gold-fiah swam forever la a globe. The flowers looked so pretty thet grew io a long box in the window. Onoe I carried a banob home that Miee May had giveo me, and they wero bo sweet evory one wanted to know whero they camo from, and I told thorn, and Untie Wilbur took one and g&vo; mo a large orange for it." "Now, Olaire," I oried, "you are juBt making all that up 1" " No, it's all true— it's a true storv," said Giaire, earnestly ; then she said, " There's a' nioe kitty at (lies May's; it will come to mo when I call it— it hasn't any name but kilty. I think it ought to have a name be sides that." " You oan give it one now, it you want to," I said. "Oh, oan I?" oried Giaire, so joyously that any one might bave fancied 1 had just mado hsr & present o! five pounds. " Well, woold Minnie do for a name? No- ll would take too long to oall— somotmng short. Let me see. Fan— I don't 'zaotly liko that— oh,/ know I Let's eall hor Pinky, Pinky, dear, oonntng Pinky, look up 1" To Olaire's delight, the kitten raised her littlo gray beAd And looked up. 41 Sbe likes ber-name; she almost laughed, she's bo plesBedl"cricd Clara, exaitedly. Then, after petting pass a few moments, she picked up her book and went on with ber atory : — 41 Mies May and 1 go to the same ohuroh; sbo tenobes me in tho Sunday sobool ; there aro four otbor girls in tbe oi&bb; aod eaob one wants to ait by mibb May, so we have to take turns at it, Obrintmas Misa May gave uieu most beautiful book with a green and gold cover, and a pioturo with a shepherd holding a dear little lamb in bis arms. I read tbe book Sundays. Then ooe day when 1 was up in Miss May's room, eho opened a drawer in her deck and gave mo a lovely gold peuoil. I often wear it around my neck by a ribbon. Untie Wilbur abb a splendid borse that he o&Ua; Sullen ; sometimes he takes me out for ft drive on bis tall oart — be often takes Miss May out. My doll is going to a grand party next week ; she will wear a pink silk dress, ,aod her first train— it's going to look beautiful, and after tbo party I'm goiag to tell mibb May all about it. Miss May is making tbe dress ; flhe is sitting near me, and ber chocks are as red as rosea. I think she sits too near tbe fire, for her obeeks aro hardly ever so red." " It is warm," murmured Miss May, "Next summer wc are going to bavo a cottage by tbe seashore. I shall dig with olam.sheUs in tho sand every day and build forts. Miss May isn't sewing now she's rooking herself to and fro, and so I'll stop reading." Then Olaire and I proceeded to array MIbb Miriam in tbe party dress that I bad just oompleted ; it set off ber blonde loveliness to perfection, and she looked so fascinating that we felt compelled to kiss ber for being so pretty. Indeed, Olairo was so pleased that sbe clapped ber hands with delight, and then pranced all around tbe room, finally springing into my arms and nearly smothering me with kisses. Then Miss Yellowtreaa was taken into tbe next room to mamma. I oould bear Olaire's eager voioe explaining and .admiring it all, and mamma's oomments ; and then back tbe little girl oame fiutteriog to my side like a bird. Miriam Yellowtress was laid upon the table, and then, without so much as " by your leave," Olairo sprang into my armB and dropped her golden bead upon my shoulder. " Now it's my torn ; Miss Miriam Yellow tress has had you for a long time. Tell me b story, Miss May, please." So I told ber about tbe day that kitty was brought to my door iu a little basket— a pre sent frqof a oouqin of mine tybp was going South for the winter.' I told her how strange kitty felt at first, and mowed and mewed, and even soratobed me when I took her up iu my arms and tried to oomfort her, But kitty and I were now tbe best of friend, and she bad forgotten to feel lonely. Then we went to the window and looked out at the rain. It dashed against tbe win dow-pane, and tbo wind shook tho trees Until they awevod and bent before the blast, as though trembling and afraid o! its fury. The eby was lowering ; somo of |ho ojoads were of ao inky blackness. We sat there until twilight oame on, and still it rained. 44 Don't you feel awfully lonely, Mfis May?" said Claire# " I do. I like to (eel so some times," „ ''What a fanny child yoa trel" I said. "How. oan you like to feel lonely, pet?" " Well, solemn, then. Do toll mo a ghost story please." "Not I, sweetheart. Besides, 1 don't know one to tell, aa I never read tbem, Tako my advioa, Claire— never listen to ghost stories; you may laugh at them in broad daylight, but when you awake at night the? will seem very different." A tlQin si qijtf ttsok ( wae mingled with ths rain. Tfifii mamma entered tbe room and exolalmed : " Why, how dismal you both look sitting there in the dark with you arms around eaoh other tike tbe babes in the wood." The oheery voioe broke the spoil ; wo left the storm to take o&re; of itself. I lighted tbo lamp with its amber.tinted globe, stirred the fire till it snapped and blazed bp obecr- fully, drew the crimson ourtains together, and all in a moment our duBky room was transformed. How dolioiouely cosy and comfortable it eeemed I Claire and I had a merry time— a gay, good timo— until some one eamo to take my little friend away from me. And tho dolls' parky ? Ob, it was a grand access, and, best of all, Miss Yeliowtross was tto belie of thd ball. 