A DEAD MAN'S STEP, A Dotoetive Story. B f BAWBENOH Ii. LYHOH. , ly sysnal ammywxnt with arum. Ward, Loch and UmlUi. hit fuabto diisstid; . OHAPIHB SXYXI. , tbi raomsu bboxibb. unolo Holly camo Into to broattost next mornspg, so into, indond, that all tbo tamily bad breakfutod, and only Valen- \- tins, romalnod In tho mornlng-rOom, loltaring oser a vase ol roses npon a low .... BOBIBDI8, When tbs msld had put down his coffeo . and mofflas, and rotirca to bring tho gisu \- of milk which ho often took with his morning meal, and now demanded, Valen tine, -who . had been chatting brightly ' across her shoulder, earns close behind his chair, and, whilo in the act of loaning over . - to ifiaoo.. a rosebud beside his plate, odd. Joss above her breath i . ".Bona will see yen in my bondoir when yon have finished hero i " end, as tho door swung baok, and a second maid camo in with nob dishes, she went on lender and with .. perfect nonbhaianoo, " My red . African lily, by the way, has three blossoms i if yon will not keop ma waiting too long, I will tuke you to my bondoir and let yon peep at it." In eplto of this bait, "TJnole Holly" made his slow and hearty breakfast, while Vol chatted with hhn noross the tablo, and made beuoreeata sauoar of strawberries, and .when he bad finished, they went op the stairs together, she otlUtalalng airily, and he wearing in his bntton-hole the rosebud she had placed beside his plate. In the upper hall they encountered Brando, and Valentino said at onco.i "Mr Holly is coming to ico my red lily I there are three this morning j won't yonoome, BrendaP" Brando's answering smile was Tor, shadowy i "Thank yon. Vol, I think 1 must go on. Brook has been qnlto hi . again, Doctor Waro tells me. I am going to see him," and they went their separate ways. The bondoir wae untenanted when they entered it, and Valentine, merely preffsr- lag him aohalr by the balcony window, where the vaeae of liliee were blooming nodded bor head and passed on to ihoncai room. A moment liter ho heard a door eloso sharply, and then Bosa entered through the curtained doorway by wbioh her new mlitrota had gone, she bold a key be tween her thumb and Icnfinger, ana glanced at it as she approached Mm, eltth g promptly dawn npon tbs lightchalr whioh as had pulled cJoso before Elm. " She haa shnn hersell into her dressing- room, and made mo lock her In," How began in her quiet tones. " alto's so charming, it's really pleasure to bo her msld I only sho won't let mo do my whole duty," she stepped as ahraptiy as sha had begun, and draw n folded paper from the ' bosom of her drou. " Ifs there in detail," ehe said, in a tmslnessdlko tone. " It's as y on supposed , STidently she has never thought of anyone questioning Judith, and haa norer can noned her?' "And yonfonnd It all out P" "AiBP Well— 1 found out that— at the time oilier marriage ehe had the full sot i they were undo at Tifiony's, and bear hi. mark. Shore wae eomo sort of wager, or jest, whioh ended In her giving them eaoh "One? Yon are sore of that P One to i — /_ .each t".. , CM yCUU»UMI BbAUa . _ — " And Barita f" he asked. ' She glaneod at the paper still in his hands. "tiarlt. is more reserved than I ooulc . wish," Bho said. "She is not in the best state of mindfm . sooiabllity just now," he ropllod, smiling t. little limhave patience, and.- drop a word ortf/jHR the right timo, in praise of Mr Brook Beerlng." " Yon mean— the good-locking, blonde Invalid t" / 'Theasme." Brook Bocring was lying upon his bod \- when Bootor Waro visited him that morn- fhg. He woe wrsppod in a looso dressing, gown'of a porpluh bluo shiide, and tin aoiaur emphasised the: pallor of hih face , And made him look ghastly. . ' Ho .hsd passed another restless night, \- and , had. "boon troubled again by the ghostly footsteps.' Ho was, vet, nervous . .and unusually talkative, and/this morn- tug, hbhod no doubt rogsrdlng his night's \- experience. He had . not dreamed it, it was a ghostly visitation.: He had heard : - his dead father's footsteps In his old room, v . of that he was sore. He told the story to v Brenda when' eho oamo; to seo him, nt- thirash he had been eo retioent about his first ezperienee, and had enjoined upon \- . .' the dootor tho etrlotest seereey , and when < : Bruoe eame in, n little before Innohooa time, he told it to him. - When Sarlta was admitted .to his room, still later, for v .Dootor Woro had prohibited a morning . visit, and limited that of the afternoon, he told it over again to her, in tho presence and hearing ot William. . By tho next morning it was known all through tho honso that ":Mr Brook? hod -heard uncanny foototops in his father's room, and that he was almost " oat of Ms mind" in oonseqnenoo, and while tho, vrero discreetly qnlet in tho psosenco ol their superiors— below stairs the servants dleoussed tho strsnga oooarronoe over and over - 1 . . ' Mesntlmo— as tlio dootor had prodloted — Ssrlta's first midnight ramblo was fol lowed by a seoond , and tMs time, when \- sho went up the stairs leading to tho man- ' sard, with half of a freeh osndlo in thi ehort brass aandle-etsnd, ehe found tin door at tho top opon. Bho entered tab older nttle at onee, and aftor some wandering about— osrrying thr candle with n firm and steady hand— sht approaohbd tho door of the inner and newer apartment. At first sho triad t< opon it, but whsn this fsilod sho pnt down . the oaudlo as before, dud aftor seeming to uscea is uvuiuui ««. «» v— v— — — - \- door, she knoaked throo knooke, slow and '. dintinot, tho Sftmo fta boforo, Murtagh, who had possossed himself ol keys enough to nnlook allot Boeohwood, ' had arranged tMo unlocking tho first attic door/lcav&g; tho innor ono seoure. " 1 don't want to lot her into that inn'oi plaoo," ho bad natd to tho dootor, " until 1 hnvo ezsmtned it again mycolf, and osn give moro timo to it. fiuvlta lingered for noma time at the door of tho innor nttio, but finally she took up tho onndlo and rotiaocd her steps ulonly with logging and roluotaut move ment, . ; . . At tho foot of the etsirs'oho oeomod to . wavor, and thon, an bsforo, . oho pnt (he ' candle down upon tho ntcps and wont . slowly toward the front of tho house. . Herb; too, tho detective had prepared the . :wny for her, and net n limit to her move ments. 'Bho found tho door of Mr Doer- ing'B : ohsmbor nob only unlocked, but , slightly ajar, and eho ontorod readily They had thought it beat not to eaue> frean alarm to Brook to-night, . hnd uo, wMle' tho drenelng-gown hung over thi chair an before, tho slippcra hod boon ro inovod/ ' When tho two wstohers, keoptng well in the rear of the elccp-wolker, reaohed the turn wMch' brought them into tho malt hall, they saw, to th>ir annojanoo, thai tho lamp which usually burned at about tho middle of tho hall-way wss fitokoring and sputteripg, and searoeiy served to . jtww tbwft m vty Wfr flhftJowj plac«| bob n m«aoat Iat«r the oh amber, at tho door of whioh thejr etood w« aitnly illwalnaUd, and thoy tsold ie« if0 S 'tation outside that Barita had iightcd one of the homers in tho drcising- rootn instead of thoso in tho chamber, and that, leaving this. burning lovr, eho war again in the onter room and bofore tho Are piaoe As o&. tho previous night, she luted the dxoeaing-gown and thrust hes arms into tho sleoves, drawing it about hor oo olosoly thai; tho loostly soattored rosea on tho pte' ground tint eeemod to stand oat like dark apotanpon a moonlit onmoe, and thon ouoa again aho eeatod homl! in tho great dOBy«ohalr. And now. as th'oy etood olose to tho wail on either sido of tho chamber door, a sound from below oiusao thorn to start and elmul taneonaly glldo aoroas the threshold, where they etand pressed against tho wall and intently listening _Tho sound oomes from that part of the wide hall where Bmnda's rooms are situated, and lt- souuda ominously like the creak of a door opened qulokly. Thoro is sllenco for a moment, and thon they hear another sound, and know it to bo tho Soft trailing of a woman's dress aokosa tho hall floor. Into the mind of eaoh tho same thought comes \ someone— Brenda or Valentine, or perhaps oae of their maid), has oponod a aoor, and h«s disoovetod the sputtering and dying hell lamp. No doubt tho person is about to extinguish it alto gether. Brenda's rooms aro not for down the hall, and on tho same side as la that of Ht Deoiing, nnd almost opposite hor door is Valentino's. Murtagh hopes that it may ehanoo to bo Valentino who is now so noar them, and both men wish ardently that, whoorer it is, the person will not pass boyond tho lampVfo tho direction of tho front. The light from the dressing-room sheds dim rays across the chamber, and almost to tho place whure thoy stand, and Saritasits before tho oold grata as move loea as themsolvesT If she will but remain thus, until tho: person in tho hell has extinguished tho light and retired— if sho docs retire Meantime, In tho ball, a Utile below the open door, Brenda Docring stands looking up at tho limp, whioh is almost out of hot reach i sho has scented, through the opn transom above hor door, tho fumes ot the oxhsaiUd ondemsklag limp, to whioh tho two watohers, In their interest in Serlta's movements, hod not given a thought; and, pufeot house mistress that she is, with a thoogbt to tho health and comfort of all hor household, eho has ventured out) ehe has crossed tho hall without once glancing ab>ut h<w, and sho now raises herself upon tho tips of her toes, and lifts bor arm to tho burner overhead. Than, tomo thing tempts her to glaneo about her, before patting the pleoe, and herself, in darkness. All along tho hall Is tho same dim quiet t all tho doors are closod, and eaoh, m its deep set casing, throws up a dark shadow, —all f— ehe lets her arm drop at her side, end lowers her hoel to tho floor What aila her vision f Why should that one place— tho plsoe where her husband's door should stand— tn the same depth <f shadow as stand tho others— why should elm seem to see there a luminous bar not of light, but of "something less dork and denso than tho shadow and above it F Was it a reflection t Sho looks about her, and takes a few steps forward, and then she draws herself suddenly eroot, and her eyes light up with indignation. Brosoa Detrlng, mth her fine semi and Ituible Irtlnng, norer thinks of anything aocinny is wast she eoes, for now sho snows ibo» her dead huabend'e room Is open that the wtird light comoi from wituiu. Acd eho glides qulokly forwnrd, hurt throbbing angiiiy at tho thought that some- mo, duubtltu of hir own household, is pry log, deitoxatlng her dead hatband's own- coo plaos she has kept as sacredly as it hsd h /in In Mk llf»l ' Wltb llD D&(Cfld.lllf QQlVflT np to the doorway and stands upon the threshold, Bho docs pot set ; the dark form on either side, and very near her ; all that she realises Is that the room . Is filled with grey, dusky light— sho oauoot soo tho source from whsie she stands— and that— sitting before the fire plieo, dimly outUfiod, but just as sho ha« ofton seen him, wUh ono aim— cladin the roM'Strewn grown,— and suppoxiiag hfs bine head— and with tno othsroatotiotebel along the arm of the ' chair— ah, . tho ;fo«Uia attUule I— sitting thus Is— Lysander Doer- lug— or his ghost. It lasted but an instant, tnat thrill of horror, whioh, in anokhor. loss floe and strong, would have ended la a terrified shriek, that would have aroussdevery slot pir under, that rcof f and then, with a lowmoah; Brenda. Peering' swayed, -and would, have, (ailon, but for the ready arms that, caught and h«!d bsr. oloBO.aud tenderly. '."Quick— the candle I' Felix Ware is bearlngdown tho op»idor,.with quick, ooise- isii iiii(foi,ani' palpitating heart, a bnrden ho 'Would glaify iholi ' and kebpi ans Murtagh, with one swUa baokward glanos at tho flguro in tho;ohaifj goea, with his fleetest 'stillest siopt, to tho placo where the; osndlo eilll burns feobly upon the stairs.' ' By tha faiot light from the open windows, Wara oan see a wide couch oppoiito the door, and thers, slowly, gontly, and mosk reluc- tauuy, he laid her down | and wheu uurtago appears with the oandlo he la knoeilog be sldoher, . " Pnt down," ho soys qulokly, " she will eton revive; go baok after hor." And Murtagh goea back to tho somnambulist. In tho dim light' tha dootor kneolf, bis flngor upon 'the etender wrist, marking iht reviving pnlao. beats.; there is a soft bxo<se blowing in through the opoi winiow j in u moment those lovely eyes will unoioso, and ihen— ho etoops.until bis head la oloso above htrown,aad one word esoapsa hlslipt la a hnihbd whisper; as If In response to it, the white lids are lilted, the!r cjci meet;aao, for one short second, thero ie no veil between the iouIs looking out of those window#. I'bon the brown ovbs droop, and a sift colour «Wals over tho paleness ot ner ohceki ' Do not Bpcak nor stlr, Mrs Dseilng/' he iays softly ; 11 1 caa explain ovsrythlng j yon have aeon a ileepwalktr, that U all V ' It. is well tbat they aro alono at that moment) tor tho tenderness that he muit not, daro not, pnt Into words, apoaks la his voice, making words supetfluous ; and, for a moment, Brenda Dieting ie glpl to l'e with oloiod eyes, and let tho. strango, now sonsa »lou , of rest and xtassnrano cncompaii and oomfoxt bar. Bho " does not nndustandit, and does not Biek to ) and when a mcmsnt later, he gontly pats down the wrist, In whioh tho nnlie is growing stronger, and ilslng, adw, still with tbat lingering asdsnoo to strangely comforting ; 11 May I flog for yenr maid P" ihe pflnta mutely to ihi bell, whioh connects with Judith's room. The mild comci promptly, and the dootor, having made & brier explanation, and promiaed to rotern with " Mr Holly " ui eoon as ehe has recovered A llttlo and regained her cnlmmss, gosi in sosxeb of tho other parlies to this .midnight episode ( feeling lomawhat anxious and nnocrtaln as to tho Qutcomoi As he itjpi caatlonily out Into tho ball, a low " hist ' grceti him, and ho stops ihoit. Not six foot away from him Mortaga stands (1 ztlnnnrt nrrtttnllk f.Vlrt Ofill. fiQlli iUflt OUtSldO tho door of Mr psttiog's room, Sarlta standi in tho attitndo tf ono Uitonlng, ; For n little thoy stand lostlll, all throe, that ho can hear the ticking of his watoh) thon the- woman wavis her hand, as if In gutsro to someone boyond her, stands a low moments as before, movei aiide, as if to allow aomeono to pasi, looks bok, or icems.to, ai f at somoono entering the room, and finally comes gliding toward the two watphire | ehs pauses ot the torn in tho boll, luoks baok, and then ooia on. faster now, and— though the hall hero la almoit ihrondedin darxncai — withstfptf as luie as thoy oro silent. This time, as b&foie;, sho ignores the candlo. which has bsen restored io its place upon tho stairway, and enters hor room, leaving tbo'doot wide open m before, and lying down &t; onco. As b&foro.; tho dootor placeo tho candlo bssldo tho ped, and oloieB tho doo,y , - ... ; Jhcn Hp iffp.pjfB wrntt In lov Ripper Wnat did yen ton kir T" Uartagh Login8 " The truth, of aonvse. Shtt it was asiesp wtlksr, nothing mors, Bat therb mut be an txpianatlon." "Will you m»ko ft f . Wi htva about reached a point where 1 meet tell her of mo of our diiooveirlvs. I can't go oh until I do. Bn— tfo too saon— a llttlo. Who is with hai r» "Hor mnid." . " Tho dark wonnn f Well, she li at trnity as sUslI Yon con tell, the itory from the physician's point cf view, and no tear of tht maid. He tnrnod away, thon— "You might jdfit say. for her bmtllt— I mean the lady, s-matd— the lady will nniorstaud it— that 1' was dlstnxbad by tbs noiss, or that we wero mutually created— ' " j He broke off and lu ned toward bli own door withasmilsnpon hit ilpet Doctor Felix, wjth aa geitard ot acqnioicsaeo, wai golog, with long, silent stride, toward Bread' bondoir. ... Brenda listens .to his story of the sleep walklog In silent eurprisa.' He tells of hie flrii laiorvisw with Sarlta, and, av doltcately ai potilble, explains the pari Mn Morton ha« taken In keeping the unpleasant baslaoie from Sari la's master and mlitroJi ) and Bread l(«teae with gentlo words of sympathy for tho aflTctci one, and kindly onoomium' for good Mrk Merlon, 'Poor Sarlta 1- eho taurmus when 11 ie fold, "She mast not' be left' atoao after thiil Someone mait remain with ber at night, both for ber safety, and to seoare the inmates of the hoise against inch a fright ss X have had tonight" Bat, a little to ber surprise, Hector Felix demure. " It will not bi wiie, jastnow, to give fiatita a 'companion, It wUl be better not to let her dream that hor isoret Is known H sob cases most bo dealt with moetdsUoately. Ihen— be Ii interested io watoh'ng her symptoms. Io short, will Mrs Dsuing trait garlta's cast to him, eod bs assure I that sua snail bavo so nnra cats 9 for alarm t" etc., eto Of oonm he has hfs will Brenda only itlpalaUng that sho thai! bo informed if darba'e oan beojmes worn, and that she shall be given every pcesible medical aid and ears. " Sarits," she tays, in her iwi«h Bollettnde, his ben one ot unr household for half a life- rime, almost Sue fa devotedly attached to 11 o! at, especially to Brook who wai, ae yon of coupe know, her nnnli&g;, and always to Mr Ctlrloy, to whom shs oo&ld; never bo gratefnl onongb. And, Indeed, my hoiba&d; was a Tory good friend to h»f.H Sjmithlng, a note la the Urt words caoisi Doctor Felix to lift bis h«d, whioh had been milog spun bUhand, aid to ask qnlekly : 11 M«y I ask— do yon know— If ehe has aoy friends— In this oonntry F' " Hirp" be was certain oft little awe meat of surprise npon h»r pari, and thsa sie jlano«d toward her mall "I hardly know now ; thera was a circumstance— tome yem ago— bat lt« fail of SttlU'e family history — a ad will hardly interest you, or bi I pro pee " ' Pardon mo Anything yon can tall mi of Ms-Jam BiilU'i put, will aid ms greaiiy jnst now!" "It was soaa years s'nes," Mrs Bserlag niamtd, "loa, i suvald think—" \- Par do a me 1" tha maid broke in dapre?at ingty " It ie just trine years ego." 11 Nino, thank yon, JodltbiUyoa can tell Doctor any thin % more, pray do si. At I was saying, ssmt nine yean ago, Barita camo to myhasbandin grut grief. Bbehad fmni in a Mew York paper aa accoxntof ooe uf those horrible saloon quarrel#, that tro read of so often— and among tboso who wero bar), was the neme ol a man who was, fihs was Very tare, her brothsr. ilir Imacdlatn family bad bsin, evtn tbeo, pretty woU 'cattorcd, aud sha o?.ly know, of this brother, that bo had bocn for some years la London, and that, At br lait account of him, hs con teuplatsd going to Osnada. She has htd bat ono corrropouloat from ber own oonntry in all the j oars eho has lived with ns, ant tbat was a o mito. a woman ot a boat her owa age, I should thiok; ber brothers, I bslievo she has aevoral, never wrote to her, probably — — AULAAUfc_WJ»W ' newspaper matter I" he urged, "Pardon me. i am as digroislvoai Mrs Niokelby," sho smiled faintly " My hni- band soring her aexlety, took somo pilna tolnqnre Into the matter, and found U to havt beso, in <rath, Barlts's bravhor who' was injured ; it oame oak that tho man was rather disreputable oharaoter, and not alto nethsr a victim in the affair \ but, otooarie, Barito'rdisoovory of a brother's prsieace in this, to hor, Btrange laud, arooasd hor v«y mnoh, so moth that she made the ooo 1 turaay of hor life, excepting, ot conns', th» one sorote the ocean, and went to see him " "Ah— and did he ever retura that visit V a ked tho dootor. eagerly. ' . Heoams once, not long after-Ia Jact.u;a$fn as he-woa convalescent,' I should fuioy. l/tih'ancod to bo absent At tho time—', .o'dlanoft'seohlm.. - ; y.-'-; ' x "Ah— then yon can't toll ms U he resembled hiseli of — iriha hloP" ; , '< " Mo i sho turned to her . maid who sat a little in tho background, 41 Perhaps Jed th can,"--- . : "If you wish It, madam," muxmnrod; Jttdltto « I— wish it," said tho dootor qulokly, Mand Mrs Dienng permits It. I am eare." f|By'aU mtans/'BUontod.Breeda.'/- "What is It that you wish mosfc to know f aaked JUdlth as if mdosbt, ' .. 11 Tell mo all yon can recall ot this brother. lhare my uprolal reasoas for - wishing to know somethtng of one of Barita's family. Did yo eto mnoh of him I" ' ; "very little, sir, Ho came only to the kitohen door, and would norer enter. Ho was not too well drsisod— thoajh T kaew Mr Dioriog was most geneioastoS&xlta;, and that Sritagavo him money, Ho scorosly stayed t «o day) and oil that I oan tall is that hoiaimcd" to wont Barita .to take' Mm io, to got him. a plooe. I know that ihe asked Mr Daering to 6 toe him work about the garden or Btables j ni otter teeing the man, and talking with him ft little, he called , Barita adds , ana trid hsr, rcrf . kindly, l orn ears, that her brothei was evidently not'fitted for either the garden or a groom's place, and ho -advised hsr to let him go otsewnero.'V:. ' ",And— ho went " "Ho went thai day." ; MHavdyoa hoard of him slues f" "No, sir. That to he 'sever.came'.baok. again— bat he wrote to his slifcer altvr h« went away/' "Ah— doeaho writs tohorellllP" . " T cannot say, sir, I havenot hoard her speak of him for a long time j not in two years, I am enre." , . „ . Drotir Ware thankoi her forthto informt tlon, and put a few questions, thus getting a fragmeatary description bt this prodigal brothsr, Anl whoa nedfopped the inbjectit was with the fall intention ol talking with Jodlth noain— and alone. . OHAPTHB XLTIIT. . aonobuniha tub ailflrnvst bottoh. The itf afier Bcenda's fright was a qulol one Hijt/'hwood j Brook did not leave his room and wai rory norvoae and strange. He would not bs loft alono for a momout, and kept Braoo at hie oldo the greater part of tho day. Doctor Waro also epant mnoh time fchoio. Ao for Brenda, for the first timo slnco Lyaander Dooriag' burial ;'sho did not appear at tho breakfast table, sending Jaditb b.low with, hot morning greetings and exaasts. ,, "la to not that sho to really Ul, tho j is l.j __tJI i. .KflHAa Aa ValanHnft'n maia uuu otwu AU uuunw, w qncstlons, " hut she had not a good night, and fools tho neod of root— and qnlot.— No, oho noodoi nothing," this to Dootor Felix, "only ropoio, andclio wonld join thorn at dlnnor. doubtlo s," . « And this, indood, eho did i lying, morn whilo, for moot of the day. in polo and sorions tranquility, wondering why oho should fool so straugoly oalm, and com fortod.in tho midst of oo mudh that woo yofc cad, myBterloui, and ohronded in In tho absonoo and proooooprilonof tho others, Murtagh saw a wiahodfor oppor tunlfcy, nnd, while tho son was yob in tho eoBt, no and Valontlno, sho with hor hook and ho with the morning paper, found tholr "oy- evidently by mutual ooncont, to that bower among tho trees whoro tho hommooks swnog and tho nulla .scuta to yited to sopofj? Md bcMw w m midst of the green north lawn, where non» aro the bltda in the branches abovo conlU puslbly ptoy tho eavesdropper. Yalontihe Bodney was nothing if she wa not direct— direct, serious, and fearless. And thty-wero soardoly plaoed, sho In a swinging hammook and tho dtogntoed do teptivo upon a bonoh 0I080 by, when she turned her dirk oyos fall up m him, with a ehado of dtopleasnre in thoir ohormiog depths. Mr— Holly— If It is hot too mnoh of a secret— I wonld ilka to know why your, or my new maid, mast neod rummage in my writing-doak, aud among my lottors P" Tho detootlvo looked at hsr with a gleam of admiration in his oyoa. . .T. "8," he said, ha&smllibg;, "yon have found m out?'- His Boss's nana lost Its canning, 1 wonder P" " Noc at all ; Bos is very oxpert Only, I ohtnoo to- bavo a good aye for details, and fonoying oaoo thit my desk had baon dtotnrbed, I set a llttlo trap— as it were." " And oiughb Bosa P' "No, only frnitrated her plans, and looked my desk— I habltatily loave it open— until I could oak you if this is a neoouary pari of yonr work— or— " " Or— if Bosi to doing a little wcrk on her own acoonnft, oh F" Ho moved along to tho end of the.rnitio fafo-a UU nearest her, and leaned forward. "Wo most not do Bint injustice . And so— what if I say that she to only oboying mo P" ' 1 Then— I ask again, why P" Mortogh's faeo grew suddonty gravo, and hto next words wero uttered with qntot dignity. " Mtos Bodney, have yon withdrawn your confidence in mo ?" "N— no," sho said dourly. " Nfr— bat— " "Thon ltotoui and trust Boi n# myself. She swears by yon already. If I wanted hor to do you tho Last hurt, I fancy sho wonld throw op tho g%m s, and tarn hot back npon me, practical, trained deteottooaaeho Is. If I tell you whet eho sought la your desk mid amoog your letters, will you trust mo, and ask no questions P Be membor, I am working oven la this matter —for you 1" A moment hor oyoo met and questioned hto, then sho said impulsively t . "Tell mo 1 I do trust yon. I most I" . " I have a strong reason for wishing to seo two epeolmens of handwriting. I hoped to find them in yonr desk, and to riplaee thorn, without troabllag yon or arousing your wonder and anxiety/" " Whoso f" " BhaU I bavs them f" " Whose F' " Not Mrs Deoring's/— and not Draco Desring's." He paused a moment "Am 1 to have them P" ho repeated "Yssl" "Have you a specimen 0! UissWftrdell's writing P" She started, and was silent a moment " Yoj,'' ehe said floally. " And— of Mr Brook Deoring's P" " llrook'o P" again oho hesitated. "Yes." " X happened to knowthat Miss Wardoll allied upon joa, coon after yovr return from New York, npon some business con nested with a letter. Don't look so gar prised; 1 have not boen qnlto idle, and tho servants will ptok np theio llttlo moreeta Aro you willing to tell mo about this visit r Valentine's foco was troubled. "Tats to neoesiaryf'ohe qaeBtloaod. " Absolutely, and qnlto harmlcaa as wolL This shall never come baok to yon In answering me, in tolling mo all, yon aro serving yours jlf and yonr own cause— not mo." "Then," said Valentino, sitting orect and putting hor book nsldo, " begin 1 X will tell you what 1 oan." \- " Thank you I, Bat pleaso resume your book, and lot uo soem, to any aooldoutal obiorvor — tboro oan be no hoarore— to bo dtoouealng pottry." They eat for along time under tho trees,' looking as idle and comfortable aep-uaibla ; out uiurbago, vj unjiws, wm puraing w. OraWtttdollDr ohanged, or misont letter foom Brook Daering, and the eeoond to eeooro tho valnablo reclpo for Mn Bkam. > This, mud mnoh moro; and, later in tho day, Bosa'a dafcy was lessened, much to hor surprise, by .Valentino's self, who, sitting .down bdforo hor open desk, doliborately m«do up a small paoret, whioh she gave, with a qneorhatil smile into tao mald;s own hand, saying t \- " Thoro, Btoa, tako them to' Me Hol'y with my eomplimontst They oro all thcro —and your hands are lefbcloar for— some; thing else".:.' ' '.v' ' v. There whs h maliolons llttlo smile npon' Valentino's ips, and an answering twinkle in Boaa's ahro wd grfly eyoa, but no furtherr wordwjtospvken upon, tho subjoot offch'o lettoro, and Boea' waq;rih deed, and trntti qnlto idto'fo For two or ttocb. days- aftor this, the timi passod in aeomlhg unoTontfalaefia, and the house wao'stlll very qulot. Brook Deoring. did hot seem to rally from tho nervous attack which had Caused him to oonculb. aud oonfido ln, Dootbr Waro; and be kept his room now almost entirely. The acrvonB symptoms soemod to increase, and thoro wero feverish symptoms too, with loss of eppetito and sloop j , and when Doc tor Ware was asked about hto natlent's oondlUon ho gave evasive answers, or only shook his head and looked, gravo In tho servants'; llving rooni tho ooso was dtoouasod with Interest, and all agreed that it was growing serious. . "It's my opinion/ - eaid one of tho house maids, qnlto aworo that oho tros voicing tho popular belief—" It's my opinion that Mr Brook's going into a deollne I Ho wa'n't trover real ragged, Mrs Merton eaye, and ho wa'n't half well when ho oome home that horrid night Ho'd been siok, and then gitiia'pltohod do wn them horrid banks ; viyl but wssa't ho. lame I: and so pole I and thon thoro's hto pa's death, and that trouble about Mr Brnoo,— tiro beastly shame that it to-rit'a been enough to break down a tcixgh man, let alono . him 1 Sarits ears ho's ao like hto ma 1 and she's afraid ho o inherited her constitution too 1" , Daring theso. quiet days, Brnco Doorlng was not often found in. drawing-room or library, and Broad nnd Vol, Mortagh and the dootor, wero of ton a quartette at lan- ohoon, .and daring tho ovoning honrs in the drawing-room. Brnco was ussaUy present at the brookfost and dinner hoar, and ho passed somo tlmo osoh day in hto oousln's .room, bat the time of tho " Matohin trial'1 was approaching, and nearly evory day, after leaving hto oonsin, ho rodo into Fomfret, whoro ho spent mnoh of hto 'timo in John Keddincr e nrivato offioei prconmably. in oonsnltatlon with his lawyer.' ' Mhrta&h;, too, began to spond mnoh of hto timo in tho retirement of hto own rooma. Among hto numerous pretensions, lathe oharaoror ot TJaolo Holly, was that of a coribblor oi what ho desoribed aa ' brief etchings, or llttlo jottings," of bio "rcfiootiono," npon tho snbjeoto whioh ho " had otndlod a llttlo," and upon whioh, by tho way, ho could proa j ondicaoly in the drawing-room. Ho always loft fragmonto of tho half-written " otohlngs " lying in loose shoots npon hto round tablo, mnoh to thodisgaot of tho maid,who,if she had givon thought to tho matter wonld have boon obliged to doolaro that, novof , by any ohftneo, was the toast sorap of a lotter loft bo to keoptng with hto asoumod obaraetor, wero very f«w, as ho freqaontly doolarod, and as hto letters, of whioh ho received not a fow, oamo . first throagh Mr Balrd, and later, somo of them, under cover to Doctor Waro, there was no oo cos Ion to donbb hto otntemcnt. Several of theao . myeterious and bulky onolosuroo . had rcaohod' him of latt through tho dootor, and ho passod hure of hto timo paolng tho longtn ot hto room and jotting down "idoa's " nltornately. . On tho fourth day after Mrs Doering'i fright, Mortagh, by a signal ot whioh the two nor/ had a sufltolontly oompletc. codo, aummonod tho dootor to Join hid la hto room, end at onoo. WW to I9W day, meant, Waro felt aesnmad, something important ; pjrhaps Imperative. But It was essy euougb to join hbn after paying his uju.il morning visit to Brook. The ladles wero below stairs, and Bruoe was about to road- the morning paper to the invalid. He hod delivered an unusually thick psokot to Murtagh on the previous even ing, addressed in a hand ho had seen be fore, and post-marked Now York ; and ho quito cxpeoted tho forthojming communi cation to oonoern, in some way, this com munication. But ho opsnod hto oyos in surprtoo, when, having seated himeolf opposite Murtagh, with tho usual precau tions ot olosed door and adjostod soreea, tho tottor bogan at once : , ' " Did you sleep soundly last night F" . . "Quito." "Hear anything f» Murtagh was look ing vory alert andstiiling. -Ho was bend ing slightly toward his tried vir, and remindod him, by hto attitude and expres sion, of the look he hod seen upon thofaoo ot some .victor of a sharp and cloioly contested gamo, at the moment of onttoT- pated triumph. " Nothing," ho answered, cxpootontly " WoU— not to keep you in suspense, X woo wakeful, -very; and— as a result— I bavo identified the othor cat." "Nop" . " Yes I and I was right I Tho one camo fromtosn, end on foot.' No cowardioo in that woman I Tho other— There was a paper lying before him npon the tablo containing somo lines of writing, and, bolow tboso, ft list of names. Ho pioked up a pen whioh lay near, and, drawing a long btook mark bonoath ono of those names, puahod tho paper across the table, with tho look of triumph intensified, ana without another word. Waro read the nomo and uttered a sadden,, sharp oxolssutioni his faoo actually paling as ho looked up at tho detective. . "Is this— bsyond a doubt f"' ha asked after a momont's sitonco, and below hto breata. " Boyond a doubt." "Great heavens! .And what will you do— now P" V " First— I'll ask your odvlco ; X don't mind saying to you. that 1 never found mysi'lf in quite, suoh a ttokllsh placo as thi«l ) It'#— it's with a prooehent in criminal history, X sorely boliovol And it leaves us as muoh in the dork as ever, opon one important point" ".What point f" "Tno motive I Io that Any cloaror to youp" Waro shook hto head " X soo none yot" ho said gravely. " May 1 ask if this will suable you to make any movement— aggressive or othor f " "It dots— and it iosonotl That is— if does not aid, it determines mo. Deoring's trial to coming close, and 1 moat havo my guns all planted and trained boforo that btfguxa. in foot, X should havo made somo mjvo oven if X had not made into dis covery; 1 must I And first— will you go to New York P 1 can't trust aajroae olso.' " For what purpose F" ' "You itmombcr tho Httlo X told you about the amethyst ouff button, and Wiggins P" " Yes— that to, you told mo that suoh a thing was found, or said to bo, by this folio w Wiggins aud secreted by him in tho hopool mating something out of it." "YeS. Wnii that's all 1 felt justified In tolling thon 1 now I'll toll you she whole story And, to begin, you must know that mrs Dooring, our hostess, onoo owned a set ot this nam pattern." Waro started violently, but Murtagh wont on, as if an obuetvant of tiro movement! "And in some way— for somo reason, she broko tho sot, ana gave away tho pqlrof cuff buttons." - Doctor Fehx mow trtttato of xoiisf at thl» pomt, to acep that Murttgh CbU«d not, or did nut; res torn a smno, as no wont on witn bis nory : "Out ol them iheg.vetc cur nrooJE sou osuti— w i><uce: found by Wiggins; bo no olaun,, on tno vary scono ot the murder ; I told yoa that P" -:':VYes," Butldld not tillrru that Brsoe and Brook Dotting have tWTrs still ; both h&ve; boen . is«n In thoir ptilseislon elnoe tho murder. Mow let mo tell you- the; whole history, so for as Ikaow it." - . - Ha told it qalokly «hd graphically 'How: Wlgglps had played " providanco/' -hnd stopped Wiggins', game, aad.oMris own in- torvlews wun Brnoo. and: Wiggins. ;v .should hot bo telling you this," he sx- plained, "even bow/ if 1 had not fljit obtaihfcd Mrs D.oering's psrmlssion to do so.' at crfid. And now X want you: take- tbtso fcwo'hnttoui, — Sid.ItsUybtt thfyworomod# fit Apfi toy's P— to.take them' to NuwYork; aud flqd oot, if you oanj it thoy havo'ev%r boiiuiiupHcatcd, and, it 10, forvtham.Wtij yos.w It Pr' going- a&d;' retamingiat . tho' esrllttik possible moment P.'-> Wait, one word Ja ekplonatloa,— I might trast this lo a detective/ but-' I want for . Mrs Desring's. wko, to.kecp this matter among her friomu j we don't know/what may come of. this, attdV'.''.i. o,;-" The doctor stopped him with a. swift ges ture, ',rObe momont/Vko said, Mn Dwcr- leg! doosshe ikaowp "X will. go with her MnuflB#. liPY Wiiih— not : " Th.n rotfc. «»tli9id, : yro (.Ikad this otu jreststdayoat thsn nodu th big osk, she and I; snd— It nut, cms your miuu ts know Ihit lbs: obj.oto, or, . at lout, demnrrsd, whon sho thought I meant to cntrast tho business ta a 'professional/ but whon I toll her I hoped yon, wonld go, oho . said sho woo euro you would know how to not— snd that' oho: ooald tznst yoa entirely. She even' commissioned mo to aok you to 'do her thlaeoryioo/ foroho now.seeo, hi- though she /did not. at first; that this mystory of thoi'buttoh innst' bo oleanod np, tn jastieeto nil oonterned," . , When Ware/hdd, ooniented, which he did promptly now, and they had discussed the now ana tho' when of the journey, the dootpr sold; by way of olqslng a long aontenoei ; ' ; . " I wonld iiko. to watch tho progress of Brook ' Deoring's malady froiq day to day; bnVpefhapa' it will bo beet . to bring Dootor Ljooom in and giro him obargo.' 1 shall depend npon yoa to look Barita in at night, of eoarsoj and by-tha-by, I ehpposo yoa bavo those buttons ready to hand f" Something oeomod to ama&o; tha deteo- tire Tery mnoh; bat, after a stifled laagh, he nhswerod'i. "I have one, tho one— ao I bars' already rotated— gtoon me by Wells. The other, dootor, I mean to steal to-night — and y on must help me." . . "I I— how.," J . "Kasily. Wo oaa't ha nqneamlsh In thls ooso. Yoa must deolaro yonr inten tion to sit up with tho Invalid to-night ) send William to tho right-about, and giro your ' pationt some / harmless . bleeping potion. When tha hoasa io still, and tho pationt aoloep, admit me— IH attend to tnorest." Dootor .Waro had not pnt hie hand to tho plough to look book, oven when brought faoo, to faoo with thin burglarious proposi tion. Ho cold, after a momontfo thought, and with rcsolnto gravity i /".Tory woU. I belloyo tho ond justifies tho meahe. Does Mrs Deoring know how you propose to get this sooond button P", , "J8pt oho I . Hho presumes tho ono to bo quite, so ®jlent" He/drow, o ehoot ; of " Dm going to oxdor your, emmnons, - ho said;? that Is, to write/to tho «JQto/ re questing them to send yoa a wire on tho tastant, oalling yon' to the olty. Shis letter, I winh I dared telegraph, will be rosolvod- lab mo ooo— to-morrow ah noont befpro night yoa wUlbaro yonr wire, and yoa ban lonvo at oneo, by tho night train.1' " And how thon oan 1 arrange with Lis- comf;' . " I'll nrrongo with Llaoom— that's easily don'o," nnd ho hastily finished nnd enclosed tho lotter. " Tlioro — yon rnuab addroes It,", 'poshing It noross tho tablo, " snd pest it as wsll i now wo mnst dleporea." I. The programme, as arranged, woe enrrfod out, and with oucoocj i contrary to ospoeliiiww, the toulWty Trbloh './;; luV : , he was fully prspared to nuamag. for half thonlghi, if need bs,'was easily found in the very rooeptaolo in which it had been ckbiblfad to Bnnda j this thrown caro- lessly Into a drawer of Brook's desk, among lottors, osrds, pamphlets, and the astral debris of'"odda nnd ondsj" ths drawer was not under look and koy. "I don't understand it I" Hnrtagh de clared i '.'but I'm well enengh pleased I if ho miseea it, ho's sonolblo, for Doing so e nolens." '.'It wonld not surprise me," the doctor commented with an odd smile, " If bo woro not qnito senslbio twonty-fonr hoars from now." 'What do yon moan!" demanded Mor tagh. " Wait and see," was tho only answer. (To i. 