SISTERS OF MERCY IN ADELAIDE. CEREMONY" OF RECEPTION AND PROFESSION. That most impressive, and for Adelaide somewhat rare, ceremonial for the reception and profession of the religions Sistera of Meroy, was celebrated in the Chapel of (St. Mary's Convent of' Meroy, Angas-street, on week morning, in the presence of the Sisters and a large number of Catholics. The following ladies werereoeived into the Order:—Miss Henrietta Renihan, of Melbourne, to be known in religion as SiBter Mary Liguori; Miss Norah Downey, of Limerick, to be known in religion as Sister Mary Xavier; Miss Mary Jane Brogant of Geelong, Viotoria, to be known tn religion as Sister Mary Alaooque; and Miss Teresa O'Haiioran, of Sydney, to be known in religion as Sister Mary AloyeiuB. After this ceremony the following Sisters took'the black veil:—Sister Mary Vinoent Hyland, of Queen'a County, Ireland; nieae of Father Martin; and Sister Mary Colomba MoMahon, of Public, sister of the late Father MoMahon, of Adelaide. The ceremonial was conducted by the Rev, Dri Bryne, Administrator of the Archdiocese of Adelaide, assisted by the Rev. Fathers MoEvoy and Oosgrave. At. 9 o'olook in the morning the Sitters belonging to the Convent assembled in the beautiful little sanctuary habited in their Oburoh oloaka and carrying lighted tapers, and taking their places on either'' side of the saoredbuilding. A procession was then formed. Behind the orosabearer came the postulants, then the nevioes and the professed religious, with the Mother Superior and Mother Assis tant acoompanying them. The Convent Choir sang, "O Gloriole" upon the entry of the prooesBion, After being oonduated by the Mother Superior and Mother Assistant to the altar, where they reoeiyed the lighted candles, the candidates retired to their seats, where they remained while the Rev. father Petbhs delivered a sermon appropriate to the occasion from St. Matthew xix. What did it profit a man, father Peters asked, _ to gain the whole world and lose bis own soul? That glorious maxim had induoed many hundreds to shut themselves practically from the world* to gain happiness and tranquillity. The Sisters who had entered the service of God that morning bad renounced all the pleasures and the joys of life in the outer world for life in a religious Order, where they felt that they would nave a better ohanoe of gaming ever lasting salvation. He pointed out that the true religious were happy in this world in spite ( of their daily sacrifices and labours. Some people thought that monks, nuns, and sisters endured a most gloomy life, shut up as they were in cells, and going about like ghosts, having nothing to live for in this world. As a matter of faot, they spent an active uaafullife, governed by a Lady Superior, to whom tbey offered humble obedience. They had no pos sessions of their own, and even the olothes they wore were not thBir property. They might have been rich persons in the world and enjoyed-every comfort, yet in the Convent they gave up everything for the love of Jesus Christ. Though poor themselves, tbey largely gave to the poor, who wore always sure to find in the good Sisters kind friends, oheering them in their events. They went out daily to nurse the aiok, and performed services on quite a different soale to thepaid orhired attendant. In-thiB world they looked for no reward; tbey did all for the sake of Jesus Christ, to whom they entirely consecrated their lives. Their labours extended to all institu tions and places where they hsd reason to believe they could do good. They visited the eick and poor in the hospitals, and in Catholic .countries they had charge of hospitals end orphanages, and houses of refuge for the destitute and forlorn. They spent their time in supplication to the Most High, and not in amueementa. They endured many sacri fices and praotised many acts of self denial. He congratulated the dear Sisters who were being rnoeived into the Order with all his heart and soul upon their happiness. They bad wjgjl understood how precious the treasure of a religious Order was. They had left the world and all its joys, realizing that they- were doing so for the greater glory and honour of God aud the welfare of their neighbour. They had mad e the saorifios of themselves to God, and he charged them to renew the sacrifice every day of their lives. They had said farewell to fathers and mothers, brothers and sisters, ahd friends. It was for them now to embrace their new homo, to embraoe the whole world in their hearts, to have courage and confidence, and to exclude no one in their prayers, their sufferings, or their good works. How beautiful would be their crown in heaven if they had made a sincere sacrifice to God and persevered in i the sorvica to the end of their existence. Ho sincerely congratulated them, and gave them 1 his blessing. The sermon over, the poBtulants were inter rogated by Dr. Byrne, and then they retired to put off their secular dress. The choir sang, the habit and veil were blessed, and on their re-entry to the altar the novioes reoeived the cincture, with whioh they were girded by the Mother -Superior. Then the white veil,, the emblem o£ inward purity, was placed on their heads by the Aoting Bishop and fastened by the Mother Superior; the Church cloak was put on, and the novices thus clothed passed through the remainder of the ceremony, whioh was ended by their embracing the Mother Superior and the other religious, receiving theirosndles, aDd taking their stations according to rank among the selected few. Next oame the oeremony of profession of Sisters Mary Vinoent Hyland and Mary Colomba MoMahon. While the oelebrant elevated the adorable soorament, the two SiBters vowed and promised "toCod poverty, ohastity, and obedience, and the service of the poor, sick, and ignorant, and to persevere until death in this congregation of our Lady of Meroy, according to itB approved rule and constitutions." Moss was cslebrated, and after the iantiphons the newly professed approached the altar and received the black vet!, the emblem of chastity and modeatv, and the blessed ring, the seat of the Holy Chest, indicating that the newly professed were "espoused to Him whom the angels serve, and at whose beauty the sun and moon stand in wonder." The oboir sang with muoh effect, and greatly enhanced the solemnity and impres siveness of the ceremonial. After the oeremony the visitors sat down to light refreshments in the Convent dining room. Dr. Bybkb, on behalf of the Sisters, thanked the ladies and gentlemen for their attendance to witness the reception and pro fession of so many good Sisters. To any sinoere Oatholio, he said it must have been a great subjeot of consolation to see those em bracing such an evangelioal life and evan gelioal counsels. It Bbowed that the faith of the Oatholio Church was very lively when it induoed so many of her children to embrace this holy and almost Divine life. He asked themtojoinwithhim inwiehingtheyoungladies who had received tho religious habit the pos session of the great gift of perseverance wbioh they were told crowned their work. He hoped that the community of the Sisters of Meroy hore would have a similar ceremony before very long. At the breakfast a wedding-oake was cut by Dr. Byrne and handed to those present. 