UNDER THE SHADOW (IF HE; ' ! OR, THE MYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUNRAVEN. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. 1 By JEAN MIDDLEMASS. . I Author op. "A GIRL IN A THOUSAND," "SEALED BY A KISS," "BY FAIR MEANS," &a; ; COPSRIGHT. ' : CHAPTER Il.-(Continued). One more hurried fervent kiss, and the newlv-betrothed lovers started to their feet and prepared to join the throng in the larger room. To do so they had to pass tho . boudoir window, which was open. For a second they stood inhaling the fresh air and looking out into the starry night. Neither of them, how ever, saw a pair of lustrous eyes, which were shining through the foliage of an adjacent shrub. Had they done so what changed issues might not their lives have known 1 But they passed on to thoir fate, and the owner of those dark splendid orbs passed on too, into the silent night equally to meet her fate, whether a darker or lighter one than Lady Gertrude's, who shall say ? For the moment Lady Gertrude's star seemed to be in the ascendant, for was she not Clement Dunravon's promised wife ? As she had predicted, Lord Mel- bury smiled his gratilied assent, and Sir Louis was so delighted, he could scarcely keep his feelings under con trol. " You have done well, my boy, splendidly well," he said, patting Clement on the shoulder. " A thousand a year and the run of Aboyne Court, that is what you shall have as long as I am above the sod, and after that you will be the master. It won't be long, Clement, it won't be long." It was in order to be master of Aboyne Court and its income that Clement had consented to ask Lady Gertrude to be his wife, yet it was scarcely a feeling of joy that rose in his heart when he knew that he had won the trick. "While the fiances were standing talking to Sir Louis Pierce Yaughan, came up with Miss Elvira Delane. They had just been dancing together. Elvira took in tho situation at a glance, and whispered to Lady Ger trude, " How does a woman feel when , she has won 1 You shall give me your " experiences to- morrow. When I have heard them I shall either congratulate or condole." Pierce Yaughan said nothing, but he was' not therefore ignorant as to what had happened ; on tho contrary, he knew too well for his pleasure, and beneath his calm, inexpressive de meanor thero lay buried a fund of jealousy, revenge, and hatred of which neither his uncle nor Olemont could fail one day to feel tho force, and from which dainty Lady Gertrude herself would sufi'er more or less. There was no doubt that a tree had been planted that night which would be productive of much fruit. What matter to Sir Louis, who rubbed his hands and chuckled ovor his work, if the berries, to be culled from it here after, would be often nauseous and even deadly to the taste ? Pierce Yaughan, at odds with life since ho Baw no chance of obtaining either Lady Gertrude's. hand or the in heritance he had more than half ex pected might bo his, was the first to leave the ball. Marriages have ere now been hin dered. He would cool his fevored brain, he thought, by walking about the grounds that surrounded the house. As he strode along he felt as if being pursued by a footstep. Pierce Vaughan was no believer in ghosts, yet he waB desperately .inolined to think that) there was one near him at. that mo rn on t. He walked on rapidly to the edgo of a little wood, in which he could see nothing for the foliage. Just as he reached it, the moon came out from behind a cloud and suddenly and unexpectedly he and his pursuer saw each other as in full day. She was a woman, clad in a long black cloak, which concealed her form, but her face he could never forget, if he ever met her again he should know her. He had no time to make acquaint ance then ; as suddenly as she ap peared she departed, and ghost or reality, he saw her no more. CHAPTER III. Boy or Giro. On the outskirts of tho town of Coleshill, about four miles from Aboyne Court, there was a picturesque old cottage standing in a wild garden. It had .'once been a dairy farm, but .evil times had come and the meadows 'and cows had been sold one by one, until nothing was left but. the cottage itself and the gardon round it, which, from want of tillage, was not very productive. Old farmer Glendinning had lived there, and his father before him, for many years — it was his free hold. ' ' Ho would not sell the roof from ovor his head, he said, but just starve there until the ond came, it would not be far off since ho had long " passed the allotted age of three score years and ten." Starvation, too, it was both for himself and his grand-daughter, Lis- beth, but he did not consider her in the matter. As long as he had his pipe and she ministered to his crea ture comforts, as well as she could, according to the means she had at command, he was satisfied. " Lisbeth was an orphan, living on hiB charity, if it were not for him she would be in the workhouse he told the neighbors, if ever they expostu lated with him about the dreariness of the girl's life j ond the necessity to make somo provision for her future ; but no one interfered very much with the Glendinnings and thoir affairs. The old man was deaf, it was very difficult to make him understand ; aDd Lisbeth did not encourage gossip or interfer ence. She was what the townsfolk called " a stand-off, upstart minx, w ith nothing to boast of but a few good looks, which sooner or later would bring her to ruin." It was quite true that Lisboth pos sessed beauty far surpassing the average given to women, and tho prophesy that it would bring her to ruin was called forth by the fact that she declined to bestow herself on. Will Mathers, the well-to-do son of the principal draper in Coleshill, and had also refused a very genteel young chemist who had lately come to. settle there. What the girl wanted no one could guess, but that she was an arrant fool, they all agreed. For if she thought that old J osh Glendinning 'had a pile of sovereigns tied up in an old stock ing she was much mistaken. He had dribbled away all his patrimony long ago. Lisboth, however, heeded no re marks that reached her, and kept, herself as much away from the towns folk as possible, never going into Coleshill, except when she was forced to do so, to buy some of the frugal fare by which she and old Josh managed to keep body and soul together. Of late she had gone still less into tho town, having sent a little girl, the daughter of some poor people who lived near, to do her errands, thus bringing down upon herself a still greater avalanche of remarks, as the question passed from mouth to mouth querying whether tho Glendinnings had had a fortune left them. For tho last week evoryone had been far too much taken up with Lady Marcia Foljambe's ball to give much heed to Lisboth and her affairs, and lucky for her that it was so, for events in her life were arriving at a crisis, which would scarcely have borne the investigations of tho public gaze. IIow beautiful she looked as she leant against the door-post at the back of the cottage. Yet is was a beauty touched by sorrow, her face usually suffused with bright color, was pale as death, her ' dark eyes shone with a feverish lustre. Something had hap pened which had shaken the very foundations of faith and happiness. It was two days after Lady Marcia Foljambe's bull, old Josh had had a stroke of paralysis in the morning hours, as tho carriages passed his gate on their return from tho festivities, and ho lay upstairs sick unto death, it was feared. | It was, however, scarcoly Josh's ill- | noss that affected Lisboth so closely. Sho had for a long time expected that tho end would come, perhaps almost craved it, since Josh was both cruel and hard to hor. . Thero was something stirring the depths of hor heart, nearer her own inner life than poor old selfish Josh's appronching dissolution. Once or twice as she stood thero sho shielded her eyes with her hand nnd looked across tho meadows as if sho expected to seo someone coming. Not. a creature was in sight, but at last sho heard a footstep coming round the cottago from the' front, and the crimson color rushed madly from brow to throat. Another minute and a man's arm was round hor, and sho was drawn convulsively to his heart. " My Bott, my beautiful, my own, thank God I seo you onco again." But Lisbeth struggled violently, and freeing herself from his embrace, stood before him, proud and erect, looking at him with an oxprossion of mingled mockery and scorn. " How daro you," sho cried, "how dare you como hero after " Hor words seemed to choke her, and the sentence ended in a convulsive sob. "My dearest Bott, what do you mean ? Why you sent for me 1 What has happened ? What do you know ?" Sho mastered her emotion with a vigorous effort, and, trying to speak calmly, said- in a low tone, " I know that Clement Dunraven is false." "Ay," ho answered, "false as hell. You aro right. It is to tell you this that I have como here to-day." " False to her, or false to me ?" she asked, looking at him fixedly with her large eyes. " Good heavens, do you doubt me for a moment 1 False tq her, of course, since you are my love, . my life. But how do you know anything about her, my darling ?" \ " I was at tho boudoir window on the night of tho ball. I saw you circle your arms about her waist, as you havo often circled them about me. I could liavo cried with pain at the sight. I saw your lips movo as if uttering thoso words of lovo I know so well, and I saw her languishing eyes turned in adoration on. your face. Yes, Clement, I saw all this, and I am still alive. Alive and looking into your false face." "My Bett, my love, I came here to day to tell you the whole truth, to throw myself on your generosity, to appeal to the strong lovo which I know you bear me. I am in no way to blame for what has happened. - It is all the fault of my uncle Louis. I care no'moro for Lady Gertrude Yer- choyle's love than I do for the pebbles in front of tho doorway. But Sir Louis says that unless I marry her he will leave me without a single sixpence in the world." "But I am your wife," said Lisbeth, " for the sake of coin you would com mit this sin ?" " God knows if I had a moderate income I would not be mercenary, my poor Bett. I cannot steal, to beg I am ashamed, and if I asked for work who would givo me any to do ? Ho would be a sorry fool who employed me." . " No, you cannot work, that is not to be thought of," she said, with a faint smile, evoked evon in this hour of desperation, by the idea of Clement Dunraven'doing any work. "What then can I do but obey Sir Louis and go through the farce of this marriage 1" "But I am your wife. A man, according to the English law, cannot marry two wives." " Not unless the first one gives hor consent." "Gives her consent, Clement. What ever do you mean ?" " Only this, dear. You know a kin>f or a grand duke marries the woman hoi loves, what is called morganaticallv,. that is, she cannot be a queen or'grand, duchess. Then he marries some prin- j cess, who can fill the high rank and do the duties of the state, but who is always outside his heart." "But you' are neither a king' nor a grand duke, Clement 1" " No, love, but it is the same thing, I am Sir. Louis Dunravon's heir." " Yet I am your wife. My children will be legitimate." " Yes, love," he said, hesitatingly, for he dared not deny.' "Woll then, Clement, if eveni in my great love for you I could lot you go and remain silent about our rela tions, so that you might become Hoh and powerful, how could I do tbem this wrong ?" " It will not do them much good to be paupers. I should have to leave you sind go "away into some distant land, seeking a fortune which I should never find. Whoreas if you concur in this arrangement you and your child or children will bo in comfort able circumstances, reaping the benefit of my uncle's inheritance." " I do not want the money. When- old Josh dies, as he will in a few days, I can work and keep myself, but the unborn child. Oh ! Clement, I wish I knew what is beBt to be done for the child." Clement Dunraven cared nothing for the child. His paternal instincts had in no way been awakened, but he cared a great deal for the beautiful woman by his side, though more perhaps for his position in life, or ho would scarcely havo asked her to sacrifice herself for his advantage. It was falso reasoning to try and induce her' to do this on the p.lea that she and her child would benefit', by it. What would money avail tbem if the mantlo of secrecy and shams was to bo cast over tlieig birth, and another woman than tho one he had legally married about a year ago was to iHve as mistress at Aboyne Court. (to bk continued.) 