Ma. CHARLES POWERS has set forth the programme of the Opposition at Mary borough. There is nothing very new in it-nothing startling. He admits that the general outlook of the colony is en couraging-that we are paying our way and expanding our industries. That must be satisfactory alike to the Govern ment and the Opposition. In much that he said Mr. Powsas was merely fighting shadows. It is "somewhat previous," for instance, to criticise the future rail way policy of the Government, seeing that it has not yet definitely been made known. Mr. POWERS professes to be deeply alarmed that our railways are to be thrown over to monopolists. That is too absurd. Sir THonAs M'ILwarrTa has doubtless kept the question of rail way management well before him during his travels. He should have learnt much that will be useful to him and his colleagues in dealing with the lines of the colony. But any proposal of a radical nature that be may have to make affecting railway construction or railway control will have to commend itself to the general public before being accepted asa national policy. Obvioeusly it is only fair that Sir THOMAs's views should be heard before being criticised. Any rail. way policy will not be acceptable in Queensland that does not tend towards the settlement of the people on the land and that does not conserve the best interests of the community gener ally. Mr. POwERs is in favour of extending the franchise to women. The opinion of the Government upon this question is not yet known, but the Leader of the Opposition says that a great many Government supporters are favourable towards it. Probably the question of whether it will be granted will to a great extent depend upon the women them selves. If they make anything like a unanimous demand for it, they will no doubt get it. Mr. Pow-as was on safe ground in dealing with the matter of future loans. He said "They did not want any more loans for works that will not pay interest. It was the interest they were paying on non-producing works that was killing the whole thing. They had built political lines without consider ing whether they would pay, and now they were suffering. He said that both the Opposition and the Ministry should be most careful what loans were undertaken, for in future the interest going out of the colony should be earned by the capital brought into it. He regarded it as a most extraordinary thing that Mr. Higgs, the editor of the Worker, should propose, as the way to get the money, to buy up all the invested capital in Queensland--tbus resorting to more loans. If they did that they would be paying the absentee creditor more than ever, Any future loans should be only for public invest ments that would unquestionably pay." Queensland has learnt a lesson from the experience of the last few years in borrow ing money that she will not be likely soon to forget. But Mr. POWERS got On to really interesting ground when he dealt with the relation of the Labour party to the Opposition, or the Opposition to the Labour party, whichever way one may care to put it. Last session tho Opposi tion was a sort of divided force. Towards the latter end of the s-ssiou there was an amalgamation between the Opposit.ion and the Labour party, Mr. Powsn: act ing as leader-in-chief for tlis combined body, and Mr. Huoo.As as his lieu tenant. idut it was evident throlgh out. that this combination did Ijut lmean unity of spirit. No v ansl then individual Labour. tnnhmembers mle it apparent that thley dlirt',sted Ithe Opposition alnmost as uttIch as, if nIot mret tman, they dlid the Golverlnme.nt. Th'i Labour party sat coldly Ilut' fm m,- tvt like M-?strs. GR.ooM, MoitrcaN, ns tr:, t;, PuowlRS. How (haO y will set in th, furitre ia a, interesting ipovlmti. M'. I?Oursei-. ilattrs himself that there is a de?aire fl a change of Government--even in face of the admission that tile colony iH lrO gressing very encouragingly. But he is "convinced that this desire for a change of Governme.nt was largely checked bly a fear, which he felt sure need not be felt, but which didl nevertheless exist, that the Labour party, if returned to power, would attempt to govern Queensland on the lines of New Australia." The Paraguayan scheme looked beautiful in theory. it. appeared almost perfect. So do some at the nostrumn put forward by men connected with the Labeour party. But the buhble is easily burst. It can readily be shown that these fantastical schemes will not stand the test of prac tical experience. Mr. POWERS will have a hard job to convince the general plublic that the colony would benefit by being handed over to the rule of that party. But Mr. PowsaEs wishes that the Labour representatives and tile Opposition should come together on some good practicl radical platform which both could sign. This, however, is against tihe inclination of what is termed the advanced wing of the Labour party, who say with Mr. CHARLES M'DoNALD, "If a man won't go tie whole hog with us, we don't want to have anything to do with him." The Labour party, says Mr. POWERS, "allowed the implression to go to the country that th-y did not want men of Parliamentary experience unless they signed thie pIlat form, which these men knew was, as a whole, impracticable, and would retard the progress of reforms. How were they going to get on without the guidance of men of experience, when opposed to such experienced men as M'Iwraith, Barlow, Tozer, Dalrymple, and others? Apprentices needed old hands to lead them." Mr. POWERS will not at any price support KARL MABX's programme of nationalisation, which is favoured by the Worker. He would rather stay outside Parliament than subscribe to the Social istic programme. How his proposals will be taken by the Labour party re mains to be seen. The Courier, summing up the situation, pertinently asks: " Has not the time already come for tihe Labour party to reconsider their posi tion? Is it worth while to hold on to Socialism ? As a policy it is demon strably impracticable. It has not the ghost ofa chance of becoming the law of the land. Even if there is no immediate hope of the Labour party becoming con vinced of its intrinsic unwisdom, what is the good of attempting the impossible? But that is not all. Bo far as Socialism is concerned, the Labour party is equally separated froin both the other parties. Isolated it is, and isolated it will remain so long as it stands for this impracticable programme. So it limits its opportun ity of other usefulness." Tue proceedings at the meeting of tile local Cricket Association on Thursday night lanst were a fitting termination to a successful season. The advent of the C icket Associa tion has given a decided impetus to the time. honoured paetime in this district. Country and town players have been brought together in healthy rivalry. The season that is just passed has been the first for many years that has yielded any revenue to the trusters of the cricket reserve. A good concrete wicket has been laid down on the centre of the grounds that will tend to promote first-class cricket. The fence around the recreation area has been thoroughly mended and improved. During the season a sum of about £50 has passed through the hands of thle treasurer of the Association. Two benefit matches have been played, one yielding over £10 to the funds of the Association, and another very nearly £5 for the benefit of a disabled cricketer. All this has been possible as a result of combin?a tion among those interested in this department of out-door sport. It is a matter for eongratu ltation, as stated at the meeting on Thursday night, that there has not been even one de faulting club in payment of subscriptionsor payment of dues for the use of the Association wicket. Wihn all co-operate in this way success is assured. Before the formation of the Association, cricket was carried on in the district in a very shaphazard fashion. There was a lack of comfirmation, and a consequent lack of enthusiasm. Cricketing talent had no opportunity of asserting itself. The old-time preetige of the district became a thing of the past. The names of our leading clubs were no longer honoured in the metro polls. Now there is a possibility of regaining lost laurels. Competition upon systematic lines is bringing good men again prominently to the front. The latent talent in country districts is especially being developed. This is evident from the fact that the winners of the trophies in both divisions for the season just ended hailed from suburban districts. Thsey are to be congratulated on their well-earned victories, and no doubt have the admiration of all the other affiliated clubs. The Association is moving in the matter of endeavouring to in dece STronneAns celebrated teamn of English ericketern to visit Ipswich during their ap proachingAustralian tour. In thieeffort they deserve the support of the general public. Time memory of the victory of the Athenian lads against Percy Maedonnell's Australian Eleven, some years ago, is net yet dead. Other pro vincial towns are making arrangemoents for a visit of the English team, and we must look to it that we are not behind-hand. Anything that tends to foster a spirit of manliness amoneg the youthful population is worthy of help, and we congratulate the Cricket Association upon its success in this direction during the year of its ilception, and wish it future prosperity. Into nu n nunun uno ml U I ri 