HIGHLAND COUSINS. A NOVEL. By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "APrincess of Thule," "MacLeod-' of Dare," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author* All rights reserved.] Chapter XXXIV.—{Continual.) In other circumstances he would gladly have welcomed the proposal, but there was some thing he did not understand about the relations between Barbara and the purser. A trip to Tobermory, if it was to be on board the Aros Castle, with Ogilvie passing to and fro, might; involve a good deal of embarrassment. But in' the meantime they were now leaving the South. Pier behind; Barbara, for the sake of her" pride, appeared to make some effort to recover her equanimity, and soon they were toiling up the slopes of the Gallows Hill on their way to the lofty plateau and its spacious view of mountain, cloud, and sea. And surely this was a day fitted for the allaying of tempestuous passions. Now as these two seated themselves on the bench at the foot of the flagstaff; a brooding, calm, and peace ful day, nor yet a day of gloom ; for the soft, white, woolly skies showed here and there a silvery glow as if the sun were trying to break through the thin transparent veil. There was hardly a breath of wind; the pale leaden-liued or lilac plain of waterb did not stir; a solitary yacht liung idle off the point of Lismore. The ivied ruins of the castle, were dark and distinct and intense against 'the luminous heavens; but the far hills in the west and north seemed to have receded Until they had grown aerial and visionary—mere ghosts of mountains. And everywhere a pre vailing silence, in which could be heard the throb of the paddles of the Aros Castle on her way across to the North Pier. ' And whither had fled now all the problems, the doubts and hesitations, the perplexities with which he had been torturing himself 1 He and she were together, the sweet summer air around them; the world lay brilliant and beautiful before them; the mysterious attrac tion and allurement of youth was a trembling and inexplicable delight. And she was bland and complaisant—a marvellous thing; he knew not now it had all come about. What did it matter if abstruse mental and moral enigmas were all a blank to her so long as the wisps and curls of her raven-black hair clung caressingly about her ears and neck, so long as her smile said more than any words, so lon<* as heaven seemed to shine in the liquid aeeps of her eyes? Perhaps she did not know much of the story of dead and gone generations; but for every man and Woman the all-important time was their own "time; the universe for them was the universe in which they found themselves alive; and here was one who could surround herself—and per haps a neighbor or two—with an atmosphere of unimamnable glamor. The charm of books, ana forgotten languages and distant peoples !—there was a stranger charm when she turned her out-curving lashes towards him, timid, shy, half- coquettish as she might chance to be. Little need was there for talk; to be so near to her was enough; and yet the one consuming thought and desire of Ms mind drove him on to speech. "Barbara," he said, in a low voice—for there were one or two people seated on another bench some dozen orfifteen yards away—"you were kind enough to offer me a pair of gloves. I wish you would accept a little present from me—that would mean more thai: that—thafc would mean a good deal more than that "A present?' she repeated, and her eyes weie pleased and expectant. "A ring," he said. "Would you wear a ring if I gave it to you ?" "Oh, yes," she answered without a moment's hesitation. " But do you understand ?" he went on. "Do you understand what the significance would be?' The jet-black"lashes were lowered now. " Maybe—I do not know," she said. "Well, your wearing the ring would be a promise—a promise that you will be my wife. Will you wear the ring, Barbara ?" "Yes," she said. There was no affectation of coyness or flut tering alarm; there was a touch of pride, of defiance almost in her tone; but in his delirium of happiness he took no heed of such trifles. Nay, so anxious and eager was he to make secure the prize he had thus unexpectedly won—and won in such an amazingly simple fashion—that he would have her go away down with him there and then to Mr. Boyd, the jeweller's, that this fateful trinket might straightway be chosen. And Barbara seemed nothing " loth; she rose to her feet. u "Will they be thinking it strange," said she, " if they see me wearing a ring ?" "Why, of course not," he said' joyfully enough." '' An engagement ring is nothing ou.fr of the common. If any one is curioui, you caa explain, but they will all get to know—and the sooner the better." I She did not appear to be at all overwhelmed by the gravity of the step she had just taken. As they were going away down and into the town he was, recalling to her certain things | that had happened since the night of the wreck of the Sanda to prove 'to her that this goal he had triumphantly reached at last he had been , aiming at all along. But she interrupted, him, I "On," she said, "it is no use looking back. All that is gone away and done. The present is enough." "Indeed it is," said he. "And it would be ' marvellous if I were not to think so." When these two went into the shop Mr Boyd, glancing from one to the other, seemed a little astonished, but of course he made no remark; it was only when Allan asked to be shown one or two plain gold rings that the (jeweller revealed what was passing in his mind. "Ay, is it a wedding-ring, then ?' he asked. At this Barbara did betray some slight, con fusion, but Allan stepped in to shield her, "No, no," said he good-humoredly. "Not jet. You're in a hurry, Mr. Boyd. It's only a little present I was thinking of " " Oh, yes, to be sure," said the shopkeeper, instantly retreating from his false position and finding safety in a study of his window, from which he presently extracted a small case of his glittering wares. Now in the natural course of things it wag for Allan to make his choice, subject to her approval; but it very soon appeared that'these two were not of one mind in this matter.' The schoolmaster's fancy had been attracted by a> simple gold hoop—a piece of delicate chain work set in a narrow band ; 18-carat the mctaL, was, and the price marked on the .little ticket* was twenty-five shillings. Bat Barbara, was clearly disappointed. _ " It is so plain," said she with just a touch, of petulance. " It is nothing—no one would notice it —" "Maybe you would like something more showy ?" Mr. Boyd suggested, and he brought out another case." " This is a very nice one." Well, the ring he now placed before her was certainly a more gaudy ornament; it professed, to be of rubies and diamonds, the stones-, alternating, while the ticketed price was only' fifteen shillings. When Barbara took it in, her hand her eyes lit up with unmistakable pleasure. " Yes," she said, " that is something to look" at—that is something that can be seen." "But, Barbara," remonstrated the schools master, almost angrily, ''you don't want fca-5 wear imitation things, do you ? These stones^ are not real, Mr. Boyd ?—of course not, at ^ that price," "Oh, no; they're imitations; but they're^ very good imitations," answered the jeweller.il " And the setting is gold—12 carat gold." "It is very pretty, whatever," said Barbara, I regarding the bauble with fascinated eyes; and!? she tried it on her finger to see how ic looked5, there also. Allan was vexed and chagrined j but how could he quarrel with her on this morning of i all mornings? She had just given herself tct^ him—he had just won the crow of life ; andij was he to refuse her her choice of a trumpery3! gewgaw ? i "Well, if you wish it," he said. "But T! should have thought you would have preferred something real—not bits of glass " " Then if I am not to have it, I am not t»,j have it," she said shortly; and she pulled thai ring off her finger and tossed it aside. " Show me some others." " But if you would rather have it, Bar-, bara—he was saying to pacify her, when^ she again interruptea him. "I am not caring for it any longer; Soma other one—it is no matter which it is." And eventually a compromise was arrived at. It is true that the ring she ultimately accepted cost more than either of the others— cost him well over a week's salary, but at least; the rosette of garnets which it bore consisted^ of genuine stones. And there certainly was* more display in this deep crimson ornament, than in the plain gold hoop that he had at first? offered her. They did not continue their expedition further at this time, but before they parted' Allan promised to come along in the evening He was impatient to let Mrs. Maclean and Jessie know of the great change that had. taken place in his fortunes ana prospects They were to learn of it before then. On her> way home Barbara called at the shop, and' Jess from behind the counter was not slow iu descrying the pretty trinket. "Well, Barbara, you are the one for* setting yourself off I" she exclaimed. "Andy where did you get such a beautiful thing aa that?" "The schoolmaster," said Barbara with a, laugh and a blush. Jess was silent only for a second. "Then—then it is settled between him and you ?' she asked diffidently. "Oh, yes, we-ara to be maqried," replied Barbara, still regarding1 the ring. "Will vou tell your mother, Jessie, that Allan is coming along to-night?1 " Yes, I will tell her. _ But—but don't you expect me to say something, Barbara? Fori am sure I wish that both of you may be very happy—I am sure I wish that."' " And I am sure of this," said the girl, touched by the tone in which these words were spoken—"I am sure of this, Jessie, that no one can say you are not very kind to those about you." And therewith she left. All that long afternoon, after she had con ■fided these tidings to her mother, the ordi narily_ light-heai ted Jess was strangely pre occupied and silent. "It is my head—it is nothing," she would say in answer to her mother's enquiries, and then again she would struggle on with her accounts. But at last she gave up. "Would you niind attending to the shop, mother?" she said with rather a tired air. "1 would like to go for a little walk " "But you will be back when Allan calls?" the widow said. "He will be expecting your congratulations "Yes, maybe. I will be back." Jess said. "iMaybe. But if I am not you will give him my best wishes, mother, and tell him I hope they will both be very happy. But he knows that—he knows that is what I am wishing for both of them." And so she got away; and by unfrequented paths she stole out into the moorland country, where she v, .is alone, and glad to be alone. For perhaps "the foolishness was on her:and if the "wild tears" must fall she Mould not have any one know her sbame. (To be continual.) 