Needles "Short, Sharp, Shiny." "I can see your boots, sir; they wants clean* ing, sir." Show, Warm. Pleasant. Pugilism. Burglary. Smallpox. ' Cyclorama. Italian riots. Garrick Glub. Trolly accident. "Continentals." A miner robbed. Country cousins. A narrow escape. Afghans and law. Women's suffrage. Village settlement. London wool sales. Agricultural Show. "Withered Leaves." " Napoleon's Ghost." Intercolonial oricket. Redruth Gaol closed. . Another Age libel case. This is St. Chad's Day. The Premier at Gawler. ; "A Soldier of Fortune." \- No water at Coolgardie. A gigantic Socialist plot. Councillor Sellar sat upon. New story for the Express. Sir George Dibbs annoyed. Burglary at' Wooloomooloo. Colliery explosion in. China. Hard luck for our cricketers. Another "confidence" victim. The Armand Bebic at Albany. Garrick Club at Bijou to-night. Yesterday was St. David's Day. A South Australian.found dead. Grand triple bill at Bijou to-night. The Burra is to be left without a gaol. Another welcome to Sir Edwin Smith,' Encouraging reports from the Murchison. Hard times are anticipated at Coolgardie. Spirited bidding at the London wool sales. The disgorged blanket on exhibition at the I Zoo. Mrs. Mary Lee lecturing on women's suf frage. Country visitors xhould not'miss seeing the| Cyclorama. Passengers by the Massilia to be quarantined | in Sydney. ;A Scotch night at the Exhibition Gardens to-morrow. Teamsters refuse to undertake carting to Coolgardie. ■ Vegetables, fruit, and flowers in profusion j at the show. Caledonian Society returning the compliment J to Mr. Basse. The Queen was present when Madame Patey J Sang her last song. Four hundred and fifty lives lost through an j explosion in China. The Druids accorded Sir Edwin Smith a! welcome last night. A new story will be commenced in thej Express to-morrow. The unemployed not to be allowed to camp j on the Park Lands. The Melbourne Age. has dropped in for j another libel action. Will Mr. Sellar kindly explain about that | little piece of paper? - Blinman, Walter Giffen, and A. H. Jarvis j unable to play to-day. The Gawler Phoenix Band will play at to morrow's "Continental." John Wesley was born on June XT, 1703, and died on March 2, 1791. A rich discovery has been made at the j Premier mine, Coolgardie. The enchanted fountain at the Cyclorama | quite captivates the visitors. Onkaparinga first, Mount Barker second for | the butter prize at the show. Russia is going to spend £10,000,000 on the | ionstruction of new railways. Eucalyptus factories on Kangaroo Island | shutting down for the season. Bijou to-night—"Withered Leaves," "Bed! of Roses," " A Regular Fix." Sir George Dibbs doesn't care " a snap of | his fingers " for adverse motions. ; Mr. J. E. Snell, the cycling record-breaker, j returned to Adelaide this morning. The show of flowers at the Old Exhibition ] Building is an- exceptionally fine one. The centenary of John' Wesley was cele brated in Adelaide on March 2,1891. Madame Patey was excited by applause, I which brought on paralysis of the brain. The Strathalbyn factory carried off the j award for cheese at the Agricultural Show. John Weslev died on Maroh 2, 1791. and | Pope Leo XIII. was born on Maroh 2, 1S10. The Customs receipts of South Australia during January amounted to £60,825 14s. 7d. The Garrick Dramatic Club give another | performance at the Bijou Theatre this evening. " A Soldier of Fortune,' 'a new story by L. j P. Meade, oommenoes in the Express to-1 morrow. Scotch songs, Scotch dances, Scotch music, [ and Scotch scenery at the "Continentals" to morrow. The City Board of Health dealing with the question of the unemployed camping in the park lands. The Rev, De Witt Talmage. of the Brooklyn Tabernacle, has resigned owing to the large encumbrance on his church. With the exception of 19 years between Maroh 2,1791, and March 2, 1810, John Wes ley and the reigning; Pope acconnt for every year in the world's history from 1703 to 1894. Ned—" I hardly know how I'm situated as regards this world's goods." Bob—"How's that?" Ned—"When Hook at my bank ac count I think I'm poor, and when I look at my wife's clothes I think I must be rich." The City of London Abstainers' Union re grefca that in almost every large warehouse in the city, there appears to be a free provision of intoxicating drinks for dinner and supper, whilst scarcely any attempt is made to provide tion-alcoholio beverages. Rosalie—"Have , you seen Mr. Barlow] lately?" May—"Yes. He calls now about twioe a week and be'a awfully convenient." Rosalie—" Why, May, how oan you stand him? He's so V, end clumsy and always bragging about lweight.'' May—" Oh, yes; and that'? Inst it. I've tee.en collectingautnmn leaves to press and Mr. Barlow has been very kind about them. All the time he's making cis call be site on the book for me." Blacks and Whites. When the ill-armed naked nigger who guards his native land Gets shot by ambushed heroes who work a | Maxim gun, The patriotic journalist must always under stand That God, and Queen, and country want | the killing to be done. But when marauding'Englishmen are knocked upon the head, No matter why the fighting, or how, or when, or where, By ev'ry loyal journalist it must be hotly said, Twas a cowardly, cold-blooded, and cruel massacre." w. 