AN EVENING WITH TOM HOOD. Mr A. Gye gavr a lecture in the large litll of the Mechanics' lastituti- last tvrLirg being one cf thn feri-.a ot wintur evenict-, the turjict usi 'Toa Hood.' Tboee'con veraant with the bumorouf writings of w hv bo few persons appear to take aoy ictereet in a Icclurs devoted to the poet and his works. But tbe attendance last night would wdl-kcown that it was useless to learn moie or that the envject v,-aa not iDtereBting enough. Ccrttttnly the weather waB not euch s.b to induce anyone to leave the fire aide, but the attendance was very poor. Mr A. B BigaB, president cf thu institute, occupied tfce cbtir, and introduced tho lector. Mr Gye dercribed Hood as ' one of Eng land's finest pcta, too little read aud t:o little apprec i ited. ' There may have ing, e-Jcb as Lird Byron, but nar.e fi pure. Few biaiB ot fami'iicB won d ? are lo p!aco t!-; whole of B^rou't* writinffs in tbe hands of their children, but no one would hesitate to allow the youngest mcruber of tho fsmily to read Hood tbroughont. He was the chastest and purrst of writerfl of the prtsnt century. The lecturer dwelt npou tho fact tbat, in reading all Tom E'-oa'a poetry, tbe render lost the poet and waB struck only with tbe nobj :ct with which be bad dealt. Touching en }msant upon Ihe private life of Hood, Mr ijye said he had beon a good husband arid a kind aud thoughtful father, who had to atrcggle agaiQBt the great iila of poverty and a wasting diBeate which for years had kept him in constant pain and sickness, eo that it was a difficulty for him to B«in enough to subtifit upon. When reading the ' Bone of tbe Bliirt' no one ever thought of who, with teni of tbouaiDde of others who at that time were similarly situated, had been obliged to ra.te ibiiti, find tbe neceieary buttons, cottjn, etc, for the eum of three halfpence 'ach. It was by his works that tbe poet Bh-iuld be judged, for he spent hie life in trying to right the ivrongj under which the poor wete laboring, be was n m&n; who from head to foot was Eituratcd with love for bis fellow men ; bis move ments spoke charitv to all, End his wriliuEB were to aid the cause of mankind. His method whin anything wanted to be shown up waB to write to one of tbe comic papers and all the world would be ablaza with in dignation. The ' Son; of the Bhiit,' which was first published in London Punch was ojiiod into every newspaper in Ungltud, and translated into the jiurnttls of France, Germany, and Italy, public opinion in Hngland was aroused against the then pro received a hipher rate of pay &t; the outcome. The constint snicideawhic'^ occurred atthit time, the reanlt of misery, induced Haod to write his beint'falty pathetic i.hce, the ' Bridge ot S-gba ' When a greit wave tf depression waB Bweepin^ over England he wrote 'Tbe lay at ih! Laborer,' with the object of giving those who needed, work, and not charity. Iu a sario-comic vein he penned 'Mnrj'B Ghost,' aa a satire against body-enatching. Legislation followed, and tho desecration of graves, which at that time wm rife, was discontinued. In addition to tho pi&ced; mentioned above, Mr Gye read ' Djmsstic ABider,' '? Tim Turpin,' p.nd ' Kciji'-ne Aram.' As a bnmoriB-, he ssid, Hood wai incomparable, f jr he jested nn contciouily. A moBt enjajable p-nd in:erect to a cloie bv the rtcitd] of a po=m written by Elisj Cook, vrbich Etirrcd up the apnthy of ihe English people, and induced them to rrect a apienoid mooumtnt over the. grave of Tom Hood. Mr Gje waB accorded a hearty vote of thanks, aid a similar compliment to the chairman brought the proceedings to a c'ose, 