3STEEDJL.es : "Short, Sharp, Shiny.'1 A Tell-Tale. •'Don't attempt to explain, old man—but there's a hairpin in your coat." Cool Change. Bush fires.. Cyolorama. Anarchism. A fatal fall. Brazilian war. Brutal assault. Coal difficulty. " Conbinentals." Balfour arrested. Anobher baronet. Suicide epidemic. Napoleon's ghost. Bloods at Laidley. Weather forecasts. Village settlement. Branch Anarchists. Suicide at Brisbane. Suicide in the north. A gigantic monopoly. International cricket. A young woman burnt. Grange railway opened. This is Shrove Tuesday. . Assault on the high seas. Serious burning accident. Illegal betting in Sydney. Infanticide in Melbourne. Typhoid fever in Victoria. Sudden death at Thebarbon. ' A pastoral against Atheism. Attacked by a mad woman. A deputation of Iandbrokers. Boating fatality at Auckland. " A heavy flood at Daly Waters. Brazilian Government defeated. ' Bush fires near Mount Gombier. Conservative proposals criticised. A youth whipped at Broken Hill. Unpleasant experience in a train. Gambling informations dismissed. Rich find at Bayley's South mine. Military "Continental" to-morrow. Sydney police armed wibh revolvers. Anobher English Eleven for Australia. ■Typhoid fever is increasing in Melbourne. .Vaillant has suffered under the guillotine. Burther exemptions granted ab Coolgardie. Vaillant makes an attempt ab being valiant. Ten men fined for illegal betting in Sydney. Nine lives lost in the wreck of the barque Gazelle. The Tasmanian Parliament meets on Beb ruary 27. Six Italian oardinals have been oreated by the Pope. The Chief Secretary returns from Melbourne next week. The wounded constables in Sydney are recovering. More Broken Hill bakers fined for selling light bread. The first flogging known in Broken Hill took place yesterday. American and British warships patrolling the Behring Sea. Henry Irving, the actor, was bora Bebruary 6,1S3S. Go and see • the enchanted fountain at the Cyolorama to-day. Many happy returns of the day to England's most famous actor. The barque Gazelle has been wrecked on the New Zealand coast. Bemale inspectors of factories are to be ap pointed in Melbourne. Mr. Burne-Jones, the well-known artist, has b&en; made a baronet. An English vessel lias been seized by the Brazilian Government. Mr. A. E. Stoddarb will be the captain ol the next English Eleven. Mr. Clive Snodgrass Clarke, son of Sir W. 'J. Clarke, of Melbourne, is dead. Sensaiional disclosures are threatened in connection with the Balfour trial. Pour burglars sentenced to long terms of imprisonment in Sydney yesterday. Mr. Speight is going to make application for a rehearing of the Age libel action. Vaillant's last words were:—"Death ta Bocieby and the bourgeois ! Live Anarchy !" Since the death of Marshal MacMabon, Marshal Canroberb is the sole surviving mar shal of Brance. Neither Grace, Shrewsbury, or Gunn will be included in the next English Eleven to visit Australia. Harding, the holder of the Searle Memorial Cup, has beaten Bubear, the ex- champion sculler of England. The committee of the unemployed want 16,000 acres of land ab Lyrup, near Bookmark, for a village settlement, _ The Italian Government propose to monopo lise the production of alcoholio liquor and of matches within the kingdom. The Italian Government expects to realise £3,000,000 by monopolising the liquor traffic and the manufacturing of matches. It is curious that, in the wooden Egyptian looks of remote antiquity, many germs are found of the essential features of good modern \- looks. It is interesting to note that the last oens of England and Wales returns the number widows at 1,124,310, compared with on 484,990 widowers. Miss Brances Willard has just been r elected president of the National Womar Christian Temperance Union of America wi; great enthusiasm. Archbishop Magee used to divide speakers into three classes—"The speaker you cannot listen to, the speaker you can listen to, and the speaker you cannot help listening to." Ploughing wibh dynamite fired by electricity is being resorted to in America. Holes are drilled two or three feet apart, and in the ex plosion the soil is loosened to the depth of a yard. Ab a sale in London a British Columbia 2Jd. pink unperforated postage stamp realised £17 10s., and a Tuscany three lire yellow £18 15s. Some important manuscripts relating to Ipswioh, 1534—1683, including Royal .sign manuals of Henry VIII., Elizabeth, and James-. II., and warrants signed by Cromwell and others, fetched £40. In the House of Commons a noted Irish member rose to denounce a speech whioh had been delivered from the Treasury bench. He desired to say that the statements made were altogether accurate, but his impetuosity led him to phrase the accusation rather ■ strongly, " Order, order !" said the Speaker. Ihe member's Irish colleagues did not wish him to be "suspended," and they hinted so by tugging vigorously at his coat tails. The member recognised the command of his party and sat down, delivering his Parthian dart— Very well, sir; I obey your ruling, and I beg to retract what I was about to observe." A well-known joker being one night at a theatre fancied he saw a friend some three seats in front of him. Turning to his next neigh bor he said, Would you be kind enough to touch that gentleman with your stick?" "Cer tainly," was the reply and the thing was done. But when the individual thus assaulted turned round the wag saw he was not the man he took him' for, and became absorbed in the play, leaving his neighbor with the_ stick to settle matters with the gentleman in front, which, as he had no excuse ready, was nob done with out considerable^ trouble.^ When the hubbub was over the victim said, "Didn't yon ask me, sir, to tap that gentleman with my stick?" "Yea." "What did you want?" "Oh," eaid the joker, with imperturbable giavity, "I wanted to see whether you would." 