ABOVE THE SPEAKER. -4"-- (Br ANTerUs.) TILE PR'ESENT LEMI?IAADLT ASSEMDLY boocomes a more interesting and extraordinary psycho-political study as its days lengthen out, and no one can foretell what yet may be its record when in the course of nature it gives up the ghost. When the proeseont con grogation of members first met in July, 1891, the publio did not for a moment imagine that its expiration would only oome with the offluxion of its statutory duration. Also, and more recently, after some exporinccu of the oratorical capabilities of members had been obtained, it was never contemplated that much good work would proceed from the lower branch of the Parlia mnont; and even just before the adjournment for the Easter holidays it was believed that the House would not have re-assembled for more than a fortnight before a sudden crisis would have boon precipitated upon members by themselves. Yet for the past two weeks we have had the spectacle, a most unusual one, of members " tackling hard graft" as if they were absolutely fond of It, and as a result the " Votes and Proceedings" willhave something elso to show besides a barren waste of empty words and still emptier reso lutions. On Tuesday last the consideration in committee of Mr. M'Donald's IOM?IESTEAD PROTECTION ILLn was continued. The measure is based largely upon similar legislation in several of the States of the great American Republic, its object being to sooure from creditors a home stead of the value of under £400, provided that at the time of registration the property was unenoumbered. A groat many members opposed the bill upon various grounds, chiefly that it would be conducive to fraud and do caption. Anyhow the opposition was so 'strong thatthe member in charge of the bill practically throw it up on accomnt of the mutilation of the measure by the committee. Mr. Walkor then secured a seoond reading of the bill to ABOLIOSH DIsTRAINT ion RUINT. This piece of logislation, which is highly favoured in some quarters, but which will no doubt meet its former fate in the Legislative Council, proposes to abolish the preferential claim of a landlord to distrain upon the goods and chattels of his tenant and, as Mr. `Walker put it, it will, if it passes the ordeal of the Upper House, "place the landlord upon the same footing as the butcher, the baker, and the storokeoper." The intention of the author of the bill is doubtless a worthy one, as he desired to relieve from hardshipis unfortunate ocou piers of rented houses, but it is to be feared that the abolition of a landlord's power to levy upon goods will not be entirely in fivour of the tenant. Human nature is a com modity frequently overlooked in modern legislation, and though it is a worthy acotion for a legislator to introduce laws to mitigate the effeots of grasping cupidity or selfish natureo, yet we have to deal with hIumanity as it is, not as it ought to be, and everybody knows that if a landlord is deprived of the seourity hO possesses in the poiver of distraint he will seek 'other and perhaps more disagreeable means to provide for the pay. mont of his rent. The honest portion uo the people have to suffer through the delin quencies of the not inconsiderable number who "ship by the light of the moon," to evade payment of rent. However, thoeLower House endorsed Mr. Walker's bill, and it is now only awailing the oelming down of 1Mr. Hugh Taylor and kindred spirits, who have so far objected to the third reading, to go to its slaughter in " another place." The dis. oussion was continuod upon the motion of Mr. Hugh M'Kinnon directing that the Ga. vernment should appoint auditors to examine and report upon the FINANOIAL POSITION OF TI'HE nANKS, which "toolk advantage of the Bankl.Issue Aot." Sir George Dibbs, speahing on this subject, declared that the appointment of those auditors would have the very opposite effect the member who advised it desired. In stead of,. as Mr. M'Kinuon stated, engender lug renewed confdoneo in finauolal.istitiu tion, it would not in the c'ontrary drooelion, for, in every business, the appointment of special auditors is looked upon as a vote of consuro on the manageoment, anrd to eolsuro the management is to beget distrust in the institution, Not only that, said the Promlir, but the holding of a speoeil audit would be useless ulnloss special valuors to value the whole of the seourlitis were also appointed, " and no Government would undertatke so great at responsibility." Novertheless, the resolution was agrooed to. On Wednesday eveo:ning the Government took a course with thie business that was unexpected, but of the noetlos of this Governmenut It may be said, in the words of Lord ]leaconsflold, "It is the unexpected thalt always happens." ' Since last December TI[ I RANK NOTES DIsI c has been before the Assembly, returned frosm the Conosil with one amondmout. Notwitls. st siniug tlhatParliamentmet again in January no effort was inade to advanoe the bill, and it was generally believed that the Government would' endeavour to ' rush it throughi" in the early hours of the morning after a lato sitting. However, Ministers tools the wiser and more manly course of bi inglng It on early in the evening, thus giving full opportiutlty for free discussion upon it; sind Weadnesday was the oveonitg chosen, The lato stages of the bill were warsmly contested by ia small but vigorous section of the HIouse, led by Mr. Samson " Haynes, the smemUber for Minudgoe, and supported, among otlhers, by that Labour member who delights to sport his light tan shoes while he lolls, graeofully or otlsorwlao, upon the front Opposition boulch, whore e sinks tihe fisall question by supportinug Isesers, Reid, Wiso, and Hayness, the three grOces of tlhe Opposition. Mr. Reid a d Mrr,. Wiseo were away on olrcult, leaviig the business of the country to tend itself, Ihul MIr, Haynes and the graeefully posing Lsabour vsemnber were loft bolilnd to seo that tihe ship of Stato was on her proper courso, The mlotion to go tinto omnmlttooto consider the Cosnslil's iamend-s mont was strongly opposed, hsb was oven tually carried by 30 votes.. to 31; but oven then tihe Ojposition did not coase. In eomlsntteo the l'romor moved "'That thisle Ioso disagroees: with the Council's amoendmeant," whoih was tlhea small one of adding to the list of hanksi plooed under the bill the Bank of Nosrth Queeonsslsnd, TIhsi Institution has only one otilloo in Now Soutth WWales, and that is in Sydney, so that the in. oluslon il the bill. was unsneeessary, Yet though the disagrooeemoent wilth he amsondmoeu was movdd, the talk, whlich ulnder the oer. ournstaneos beamo obstraetion, contilluedd until about midilght, whloe 72 minoembcr voted for the Premlier's sotion and only five against, It Is so long sicUO this bill wss be. fore the cosntry that niow that it will ismms dliatoly coeno into operltiion a brief r'citalt of ITH PIsOYIBIONS will ls of goeoral interest, Usnder. the Act, whiloh' will rmeatin In forou for 18 nmonthlis snsasely untill Octolore 1800, theu following Isnks are deairlt with li-The Darik of Now South Wales, Commeeruilod ]sanlisg Colpn ny of~ Sydnoy, Unlion la11u of Aus. tralhi, iaulk of Australsls, Aust ralisn J'ohit ftook ]lulk, Londlon Dnkle of Aushrtlnla, Commoralnl Bnskc of Anstralisa,"Olty hasle of Sydey., higslish, Slootltish and Aunltrallia Binl, Blalk ons New Zoluland, Nst?iosutl lttlic of Attraln?n, anld thel Qsounssshuds Nsatslssal Baluk, The notes of those Isin.sltiuton?s will for thie teons inutioned be madh o legal citeluer ill tlhe colony exc ept in the handi olleo sit Sydnoey. The bjost of thits pirovision, Isu pieviolusly oxph lssed, in o aslsolishl the eoosselty for the banks to gotreservon of gtlhl, aggregastigy a very' lrgeo slnus ait their coumtry braoshuh?, andi to oenoentralto thlor reserves of eoin and bullios whore thny will be of. 'most utlllty nisniely, inl thlo metropolis, the idea being thus to plrovent a s run' for gold usan ustithtiotlus wh)sht posseesed l lltriug fbo flnnllldsa ierlsu, bhil had itesO ttoed froms'Toutornioldu to Albury and from Sydney to Wileonnia. The bill also direcots that the note circulation of cach bank shall not oxceed ono-third of its paid-up capital (up to £2,000,000), tog~ther with tho value of the coin and bullion hold in the colony. The issue of tho notes by any one bank is limited to £1,000,000, and the notes will remain legal tender so long as the bank pays gold. for theom at the head office in Sydney, and in the event of a liquidation they become a first charge on the assets. Although the hour was late, OTIIER I|VSINESS was proeooeded with. Tho loan estimatoes were taken and, after some discussion, passed. The amount authorised was £1,400,050, of which £832,000, it may be pointed out, is required to pay off 5 per cent. debentures falling duo on let January next, leaving the comparatively small sum of £028,060 for public works, of which £147,200 is put down for railway and tramway con struction, and £118,000 for works in connection with harbours and rivers. The Loan Dill, based on the esti mates, was read a first time and the second reading soet down for next Wednesday. The bill to sanotion the construction of water works at Lithgow, not being particularly obj?cted to by Mr. Cook, wasallowoed to pans, and after a good night's work the House rose at 4 a.m. On Thursday there was AN INTEREiSTING QRUESTION without notice. Mr. Noild, the apostle of sooial and domestic purity, lhad road in his morning paper that nearly 200 pounds of "fragrant Pekoo " had the previous day been :old in Sydney at 3rd per Ib, and, with the laudable desire to see that the peosplo had a pure, cheering, and non-inebriating drink, he handed to the Premier a sample of the tea, and requested him to have its quality tested by the Gov ormnent analyst. Sir George Dibbs took the packet and promised attention, which he immediately gave, without waiting for Mr. Hamlet, by adjourning to his room and having a decoction of the herb brewed for himself and the Government whip. This practical testing may be discounted lntor by the report of the Government analyst, but the remark, " You've tasted worse tea than that, Tomn" as the Premier and Mr. IIas sil sipped the fluid, testified either that the teaon was good or that the imbibers of it wore not good judges. By the way, it is to bhe hoped that this practice of nemobershandingto Minis. tors samples of food and drink, presumed to be adulterated, will not be followed up or weo may have an Opposition membeor. passing to Ministers, for a personal test, samples of sulphurlo-nold whisky (of whieh we have lately heard in Sydney), and the consequences might be disastrous ' After this interludo Mr. Lynoe brought on his motion to introduce the GLEN INNES--INVEIiELL RAIInWAY nILL, which, after a good deal of dsocussion, was illowed to pass. Some of the opponents of the hill grow very warm, but is their antagonism grow, oven to tho extent of making the chargo that the proposal had booeen "logrolled" through the Works Com. Imitteo, one of the local meombers, who Is a largo landowner in the district, and of whom i good story is told, becamo oxoltoed, and made intorjoo'ions which wore not comtpl. montary to the member they were aimenod t. The story referred to is perihpsworth roponat ing, Theo member in question, who Is already wealthy, was examined by the WTorks Comn mittco when this liuoe was beforo tlhem some years ago. Hoe was asked-" Will this line mprove your property ?" The nonchalant reply was, "Yes, a little." 'hen he was asked, "What do you estimato thile increased vahtio a?" " Oh," he answered coolly, as if the sum were abngotollo " about £100,OO0."' This particular linu is oneo that is of somo CONOaiN TO NeiWOASTLE, the natural port of the north. There can be no doubt that some supporters of the Glen Innos-Invoroll lino advocate it upon the assuniption that it will ovontually ho con. tinued to the coast at or near Grafton, and many persons considered that it would have boonlnpreferable to Isvro built the railway from Invoroll to Guyra, thus divertling the trade towards Nownastle and Sydnoy. But the extenslan of this line to the coast must necessarily be It' work yet somowhat distant, and Nowcastle will probably, if eontralising railway rates are not always to exIst, receive an early benefit from the lineo. The lino has, so' fr, boon auithorised upon express conditions that will place It in a difl'ront position front many other railways. It is to be provided its the bill that the line shall not cost more than £7000 per mile to constr.et, that special local rates are to be imposed until the line pays, and that the betterment prluelplo is to be ap. plied to the laud in the vicinity. After this nmatter had been dealt with Sir Georgo DIbbli moved dnd curried the second roading of the short bill to amend the Elootoral Act, whllh also pasted through committee. The objeot is to remtove dihabllities caused by the prin. ,,pal measure and, in the words of the Pra mier, "to give the one man one voto system a fair and full trial," 