THE ABSENT MAN. BY JBEOME K. JEEOMH. You ask him to dine with you on ThurBaj to meet a few people who are anxious io know him, " Now don't make a moddlo of it," you recolleclful of former mishaps ; " atd otiie on Wednesday." He laughB good-naturedly as he hunts through the room for his diary. "Shan't be able to come Wednesday," lie says; " shall be at the Mansion Qoase, sketching dresses, and on Friday I start for Scotland so as to be at the opening of the exhibition on Saturday ; it's bound to ull right this ticne. Where the deuce is thai diary ? Never mind, I'll make s ole of it on this, you can see me do it." Yoa stand over him while he writes the anointment dowo OE foolscap, and watcb im pin it up over hie desk. Then you ome away contented. " i do hope he'll torn up," you sBy to 5 our wife on the Thursday evening, while ressiug. "Ate you sure yoa made it clear to him ?" she replies suspiciously ; and you asiinctively ieel that whatever happens B'JC is goiog to blame yoa for it. Eight o'clock arrives, and, with it, (be ,ther guests. At bull-past 8 jour wife is L-ecsoned mysteriously out of the room, vhere the pailour maid informs her that :ie t ook has expressed a determination, a case ol farmer delay, to WBsh her nude, figuratively speaking, of the whole ifiEair. Your wife, returning, suggests that, if be dinner is to be eaten at all, it bad hotter be beguo. She evidently cousidert that in pretending to expect hi in >ou have been merely playing a part, and that it vould have been manlier and more iraightforward for you to have admitted i[ the beginning that you had forg-itten to invite him Uuiing the soup and the fish yoa tecjuut anecdotes ot hie unputictuality. By t .e lime too entree airivee. the emptj caair has begun to cast a gioom over the inner, and, with the jjint, the conversation drifts into talk about dead relatives. On Friday, ai a quarter past 8, be da hee p to the door aLd rings violently. EU*r ig his voice in the hall, you go to meet lini. " Surry I'm late," he singe oat cheerily, fool of a cabuan took me to Alfred Place iDs.ead of—" " Well, what do you want, now you are ome ?" you interrupt, feeling anything ut genially toward him. He iB an old ;rieud, so you can be rode to him. Ee laughs and slaps you on the boulder. " Why, my dinner, my dear boy, I'm larving." '• Oh," yoa grunt in reply. " Weil, you ;o and get it somewhere else then. You're not going (c have it here." " Wnat the devil do yoa mean ?" he says ; " you asked me to dinner." " I did nothing of the kind," you tell iiim, "I asked you to dinner on Thursday i.ot on Faiday " He stares at you incredulously. How did I get Friday fixed in m) mind ?" he asks enqoiringiy. Because yours is the sort of mind that would get Friday firmly fixed into it, wheD Tuursday was the day," yoa explain. "I thought you had to be off to EJin burgh, to-night," you add. "Great Scott!" he cries ; "so I have, and withont another word, he dashes out, «nd yoa hear him rushing down the road shooting for the cab he has just dis, issed. As yoa return to your stady, you refl. ct hat he "will have to (ravel all the way to cotland in evening dress, and will have o send out the hotel porter in the room log to buy him a suit of ready-made clothes; and are glad. Matters work out still more awkwardly tvhen it is he who is the host. I remember being with him on his house-boat one day, it was a little after 12, and we were sitting on the edge of the boat, dangling our feet in the river—the spot was a lonely one, halfway between Wallingford and Day's Lock. Suddenly, round the bend, appeared two ekiSs, each one containing six elaborately dressed persons. As soon £8 they caught sight of us they began waving handkerchiefs and parasols, " Hullo," I said, " here's some people hailing yon." " Oh, they all do that about here," he answered, without looking up ; " some bean-feast from Abingdon, I expect." The boat drew nearer. When about 200 jards off, an elderly gentleman raised himself apon the prow of the leading one and shouted to UB. McQuae heard hie voice and gave start that all but pitched him into the water. " Good God!" he cried ; " I'd forgotten all aViout it." "About what?" I asked. " Why, it's (he Palmers and the Grn hams and the Hendersons. I've aBked ;liem all over to luucb, and there's not hltSBed thing on board bat two mutton chops and a pound of potatoeB, and I'vb fha Knn o hnll/tan '' given the boy a holiday. 1 ' Another day I was lunching with h'*m at the Junior Hogarth, when a man named E Ilyard, a mutual friend, strolled across to oe. " What are you fellows goiog to do this afternoon ?" he asked, seating himself tht opposite side of the table. " I'm going to stop here and write letters," I answered. "Oome with me if yon want something to do," said ILQuae ;I'm going to drive Laena down to Richmond." (' Leena" was the young lady he recollected being engaged to. It transpired afterwards thai be was engaged to three girls at the time The other two he bad forgotten all about). " It's a roomy seat at the back." " Oh, all right," tab Hallyard, and they went away together in a hansjm. An hour and a half later Hallyard walked into the smoking-room, looking depressed and worn, and flung himself into a chair. " I thought you were going to Bichmond with McQ lae," Isaid. " So did I," he answered. " Hid an accident?" I asked. " Yes." He was decidedly curt in bis replies. " Cart upset ?" I continued. "No—only me" His grammar and his nerves seemed thoroughly shaken. I waited for an explanation, and after a while he gave it. "We got to Putney," -he said, " with just an occasional run into a tram-car, and were going up the hill, when suddenly he turned a ooroer—over the curb, across the road sod in's tbe opposite lamp post. Of coarse, es-a rule, one is prepared for it, but I never reckoned on his turning np there,and the first thing I recollect is finding myself in tbe middle of the street with a doz n fools grinning at me. It takes a man a few minutes in such a case to think where he is and what has happened ; .&nd;, when I got up, they were some distance away. Iran after tbam tor a quarter of a mile, shouting at the top of my voice, an(J accompanied by .a mob of boys. Bat one might as we'l have tried to hail tbe . dead, so I took the bos back." • ~ : '-They might have guessed what had happened," he added, " by the shifting of the carl, if they had any Benee. I'm not e lightweight." He complained of soreness* and said he! would go home. 1: suggested a. cab, but he replied that ;he would rather, walk.: , I met McQuae in tbe evening at tbe S:. James' Theatre. It was a first night, and he was takiogBketchea forthe Graphic.: The moment he saw me 'he made his w..y across to me. " Tbe VKTV man I wanted to see," he said ; " did I take Hsllyard with 'me in the ' cart to.Richmond this afternoon?" "You did," I replied, "So Leeca liBya," be asewered, gre&tly; cwildered ; "bat I'll BKBIT he watn't there when we got to the Queen's Hotel." "it's all right,' 1 I said, "jou dropped im at Putney." "Diopped him at Putney I" he repeated ; I've no recollection of doing " He has,"' I answered. K You ask him bout it. He's full of it." Everybody said he would never get married—that it was absurd to suppose he would ever remember the day, ihe church and the girl all in one morning—that, if he did get as far as the alt&r;, he would forget what he had come for, and would give the bride away io his jwn btst man. Hallyard had an idea that he was already married, but that the fact had slipped bis 1116 memory. I my self felt sure that if be did marry he would forgat all about it next day, But everybody was wrong. By some niracaloua means tbe ceremony got itself ccompliehe ;, so that if H Jlyard's idea be correct (as to which there IB every possibility), there will be trouble. As for my own tears, I dismissed them the moment I saw tbe lady. She was a charming beerfai little woman,, but did not look he t., pe that, woald let him forget all uboat it. I had cot seen h.w since his marriage, which had happened in the spring. Worb- iug my way back from Scotland by easy bUges, I stopped for a few days at Scaroro. After table d'hote, I put on my uackinioub, end went out for a walk. It was raining hard, but after a month m Scotland one does not notice English leather, and I wanted some air. Struggling along the dark beach with tuy bead giinst tbe wind, I stumbled' over s rouching figure that was seeking to a! eltor itself a little from the storm under the lea of the Spa wall. I ex^ectid it to swear at me, but il seemed too broken-spirited to mind anjhin,;. I beg your pardon," I said ; " I did not see you." At the souDd of my voice it started to us feet. " Is that you, old man ?'' it cried " McQ iae I" I exclaimed. " By jove," be said, " I was never so nl»d (o see a man in all my life before." And he nearly shook my huud off. "But what in thunder," I Baid,. "are ou doing here? Whj,youre drenched to the skiu." He was dressed in fi nnels and a feunis coat. " Yes," he antwered ; " 1 never thought t would rain. It waB a lovely morning." " Why don't you go home?" £ asked. "I Can't," he replied. "I do.i't know here I live, I've foigotten the addresB." I began to fear that be bad overworked hiinselt into a brain fever. " Foi heaven's take," he said, " take me tomewhere, and give me something to eat, I'm iiterally starving." " Haven't you any money ?" I i him as we turned towards the hoH. " Not a sou," he answered. " W J got in bere from York, the wife and I, about 11\. We left our things at tbe station, and sorted to hunt for apirtwents. As soon as we were fixeJ, I changed my clothes and came out for a walk, telling Maad 1 t-hould be back at 1, to luncb. L ke a fool I never took the address, and never noticed the way I was going. " It's an awful business," he continued 'I don't see how I'm ever going to find her. I hoped she might stroll down to ihe Spa in the evening, and I've been hanging about tbe gates ever siuc<» 6. hadn't the threepence to go in." " But you have no notion of the sort of street, or the kind of house it was ?" I en qa rid. "Not a ghost," he repl ed ; "I left it all to Maud, and didn't trouble." "Hive you tried any of tbe lodging houses ?" I asked. ''Tried 1" he exe'aimed bitterly ; "I've been knocking at doors,and asking if Mrs MiQaie lives there, steadily all the afternoon, and they slam the door in my faco mostly without answering. I told a pol ceman j I tLougbt perhaps he might suggest something. But the idiot only burst out laughing, and that made me so mad that I gave him a black eye and bad II cut. I expect they re on ihe lookout for me now. " I wt nt i to a restaurant," he continued, gloomily, " and tried to get them to trust me for a steak. But tbe proprie ress said she'd heard that tale before, and ordered me oat before all the oth«r customers. I think I'd have drowned myself if you hadn't turned up." After a change of clothes and some sapper, he discussed tbe case more calmly, but it was really a serious affair. They had Bhut op their fi>t, and bis wife's relatives were travelling abroad. There was no one to whom he coald send letter to be forwarded ; there wa6 no one with whom she would be likely to communioite. Their chance of meeting again in this world appeared remote, Nor did it seem to me—fond as he was of his wife, and anxious as he undoubtedly was to recover her—that he looked forward to the actual meeting, should it ever arrive, with any too pleasurable anticipa, fon, "She will think it strange," he mur mured reflectively, sitting on the edge ot the bed and thonghtfully pulling off bis socks, " She is sore to think it strange." The following day, which was Wednesday, we went to a solicitor, and laid the case before him; and be instil oted en quiries among all the lodging tume keepers in Scarboro', with tbe result tbat on Thursday afternoon McQaae was restored (after the manner of an Adelphi nero in tbe last act) to his home and wtfe. I asked him next time I met bim, what eh.- had said. " Oh, much what I expected," he replied. Bat he never told me what he bad 