A TALK WITH A PORTRAIT PAINTER. " I suppose," I remarked, " that portraib painting helps a man to become a guod reader of character ?" " Certainly," said Sir George Reid. " I am beooming quite an expert in judging of a face. Still, I would say thisi that phrenology is far from being an oxaut science ; and I bavo uoted it as a very i'viiiulkuulu mid ti Vai'y delightful laut that almost invariably I have a far higher opinion of my slttor when the portrait is finished and I have learned bo know him than I bad formed ou first sight of him. Take my word for it, there is a wonderful lot of good in human nature." "And what do you think of portrait painting nowadays, Sir George!" " It is decidedly promising, and you soo much that i» really good. But, oh dear 1" he continued, as he roso from his chair and began to wulk up and down the room, "who can excel tlrat wondorful Velasquoz ? No msn of to-day can coma up to him. I would rather go to him than to anyone else. But you'll, never understand him till you go to Madrid, and soo him thore. Sixty of his finest paintings. Thara you liavo him in bis oai ly, his middle, and his Into psriod. Tho early is tight and hard, violent iu light and ebado. In his middle period vou begin to feel a now sort of idoa ; there is moro Naluro in him, but lie is Btill hard, thore is no looseness. 13 nb gradually towards tho end how he soitens and tones down, and yet what intense reality thore is 1 Can't you fttl how actual his pcoplo are ?" cried the now fuirly oxoitcd aitist, as ho pointed to tho wall upon which hung Borne splendid photo- grapliio reproductions of Velasquez's finest woi lis. And then, branching off for a moment, Sir George turned to me, and said i— " Why do Wills tier's portraits attraot so much? Because," ho continued, replying to his own question, " they are ghosts, they are shadows, it is an If you wont into a crowded drawing-room and saw a ghost flitting bore and there amongst the actuuli- tion of warm flesh and blood. That is why Whistler's portraits are so remarkable— they are not people, bub ghosts. " And now to come bank to our friend Volasquez. Notice tl e wonderful landscape in thnt ' Fetor and Fuul'ofhio; look up that vulloy, away np the distant moun tains slid the nearer ridges running down towards tho etrenm that, though it is in tho foreground, be has dared to paint eo vory thinly, slightly. " But you see in that ploture all tho Quality of infinity that you seo in Turner's work.' — -CaMrlti Family Magazine. 