NEWS AND NOTES. THB train with the English mails left Albany for Perth at 7.30 a.m. yesterday. A MAIL for Cossack, Broome, and Wyndham per s.s. Eddystone, closes at the General Post Office to-day at 5 p.m. MR. G. CHITTY BAKER, who is contesting the North Fremantle electorate for a seat in the Legislative Assembly, will address the electors on Monday evening at the Odd- fellows' Hall, Fremantle. DR. A. J. DAVIES, the President of the Yil- garn Miners' Association and Progressive Po- litical League, will address the electors and those interested in the Yilgarn Cosstitnency, in the Perth Town Hall, to-night, at 8 o'clock. Mr. CROME, a musician ef high repntation, who baa recently taken np his residence in Perth, has been appointed as organist at Wesley Church. Mr. Crome will formally enter upon his duties to-morrow, Whit Sunday. Mr. HART, hon. treasurer of the Opera Fund, asks us to acknowledge the following sub- scriptions to the fund :-Sir William Robin- son £5 5s., Mr. C. M. Leumane £1 Is., Mr. R. S. Haynes £2 2s., "E.".£2 2s., Mr. Sharpe £1 1s., Mr. Andrew Thompson 10s. 6d., Mr. George E. Baker £1 1s., Mr. F. North £1 1s., Mr. Francis Hart £1 1s. INVITATIONS are about to be issued for the annual ball of the Royal Perth Yaoht Club of Western Australia, wbiah will take place in the Town Hall on Friday 25th, innt. It will ba noticed the committee of the yacht dub ara departing from the practice, hitherto in vogue, of makinsr this social gathering a sub- scription one. Tho now departure is a matter for congratulation to the olob. THE Southern, Times mentions that Mr. J. G. Treseder, the well-known lecturer and horticulturist from Sydney, on being applied to for advice as to the most suitable kinds of trees to be plantad in tue Bunbury cemetery, has generously offered to supply, from his Sydney nurseries, all the trees required to be planted in that exposed place, free of cost. This liberal act has (says the Southern Times) stimulated the churchwardens to carry on the good work as speedily as possible. THE hearing of the case Wright v. Anstey was concluded in the Supreme Court yesterday. The jury, after an hour's deliberation, found for the plaintiff, awarding him .£200 damages, for loss of salary and émoluments arising out of his dismissal from tha defendant's service, and a farthing damages for the loss of bis third abare as a partner in the property of the defendant. AB, however, there yet remains a point ef law to be argued before the Full Conrt, tho case is not yet finally concluded. Tbe oivil sittings will bo continued on Tues* day, as the Court does not sit on Whit Monday. AT a Government land sale at Coolgardie, on the 2nd instant, the undermentioned Cool- gardie lots were sold:-Coolgardie lot 66, purchased by James Cook, £68 ; lot 101 purchased by Wm. John Vance, £104 ; lot 119, purchased by Wm. John Vance, £202 lot 120, purchased by Julia Kennedy, £142 lot 121, purchased by Robert Gledden, £150 lot 122, purchased by Edward Long, ¿8158 lot 123, purchased by William Hutchinson, ¿8172 ; lot 125, purchased by John Howard Taylor, ¿8194 ; lot 124, purchased by John Howard Taylor, ¿8220 ; lot 126, purobased by Wm. John Vance, ¿8254 ; lot 127, purchased by Gregory & Co., ¿8390. Tots!, ¿82,054. WHII-SUNDAY services will be conducted in Wesley Church by the Rev. G. E. Rowe. In tbe morniug the topic announoed is " One Accord, or condition essential to success"; and in the evening the subject is " You and yours, or* the Pentecoatal blessing." The psalmody will be appropriate to tbe ocoasion, and in the evening will be selected fron, the General Hymnary. The church choir will render the anthem, " Ye shall reoeive the Holy Ghost" (Barinoott), and preparatory to the evening servies, which begins at sev»n, the church organist (Mr. Cromo) will play the following voluntaries :-Fantasia, C Minor (Guilmant); Communion ia G (Maily) ; and Grand Offertoire in A (Mendelssohn). THE "season" was inaugurated yesterday afternoon by .*. reoeption held by His Excel« lenoy, Sir William Robinson, at Government Houae. There was a large attendance of ladies and gentlement, who took advantage of the beautiful weather to pay their respecta to His Excellency, and then to enjoy a pleasant promenade through the well kept Government Domain. The Governor re oeived hie gaesta on the lawn in front of the drawingreom. Sereral very pretty aud novel costumes were noticeable, aud the whole scene was very bright and Ray. Abundant refreshments were auppli»d, and the band of the M.R.Y. rendered a number of selections, A second reception will take place on Tues« day afternoon. , AT a meeting of the Perth Loeal Board of Health last night, a report was presented by a committee appointed to esquire into the sanitary condition of the city. The report, whioh was couched in the most moderate language that the case would allow, stated that tue- condition of Perth was the very worst which could be conceived, and it would net be too much to state that within a few years disease of a most pesti'ential character must inevitably visit the town. Typhoid was yearly increas- ing; infantile diphtheria had already made ravages amongst the children. In conclusion it was recommended that an underground system of sewerage be adopted, and that an ammendment to the Health Act be obtained to enlarge the powers of the Board of Health. The report was adopted, and a deputation will wait upon the Premier next week to ask him to take action in the matter. OUE contemporary, the Southern Times, con- tains a telegram signed " George Pieass," and beaded " Collio coalfield Glorious news." of which the following ia an extract :-OH Wednesday morning, in accordance with prior arrangements, 1 had an interview with the Premier, and placed the revised pro posais, with which you are well acquainted, before him. I met with a most cour- teous reception from the Hon. Sir John Forrest, who, on behalf of the Government, favourably ertertained the revised proposals of my syndicate for the working and develop- ment of the coalfi-dd. At the conclusion I thanked Sir John for th^ gr°at courtesy be had shown me and my co-direetor3 in tbe matter." In reference to this «titamert we learn that Mr. Pieass had an interview with the Premier on Wedneiday, when he inquired if the Premier would ba prepared to receive amended proposals as to workicg the Collie coalfields, to which Sir John Forrest replied that if they wnri placed before the Govern- ment they would then be prepared to con- sider them. No intimation was, howevsr, given as to the nature of ths> proposals. A MEETING of gentlemen interested in tbe formation of a corps of mounted rifles in Perth was held at the Shamrock Hotäl last night. There was a large attendance, about forty being present. Dr. Haynes was in the chair. Lieutenant Campbell, who was also amongst those present, swore in those who had consented to join the company, to the number of about thirty. The next business .was the nomination of captain, and Dr. Haynes, who has boen largely instrumental in the formation of the company, was unani- mously elected to the position. The meeting resolved not to slppoiut the other commis- sioned officers, but to allow the election to remain with the oompai y whou it had at- tained its full strength. In selecting Dr. Haynes as captain the corps has appointed au officer who has had priions experience ia military matters, he having bsen captain of the Reserve rifle company at Gunne dUh. in N6W Sout'i Wales. Sergeant-major Taylor, late of the New South Wales Artillery, waB appointed sergeant-major to the company. It was decided to hold drills .very night starting from Monday next, on tile Recreation Ground, to commence at 8 o'clock, in order to g<:t the company in form to appear on parade at the Queen's Birthday review. A very smart uniform was decided upon, and other matters of detail were also dealt with. Throughout, the utmost unani- mity was shown. As the strength cf tie corps is limited to 40, it is requested that all those who are dßeirotis of becoming members Will send in their applications to Dr. Haynes Without delay. We are requested to call attention to two imiorant sales tobe held by Messrs. B.C. Wood & Co. to-day. The first sala takes place at 10 o'clock, -when a choice assortment .f birds will be offered, and the second auction will be held at the Perth Market at noon, at Which a splendid express waggon and several horses and 60 pairs fowls will be submitted. 