CHAPTER II. TUG fattens oame of a squatting tamuy. The father had been the owner of a compact and paying sheep statiop in the south-west of New South Wales. He died shortly after the death of his two sons in Queensland; and the youngest son. who bad lately visited Bendabar, now held possession of the property, owning a half-share, and managing for bis mother and two younger sisters who inherited the other half. It was some three months after his northern visit, and he sat in the small verandah room that did duty as an office, regarding a letter be had just received from New Zealand. The letter was from Hopwood, in reply to one from Patten, Hopwood having forwarded his address on seeing the advertisement that bad been inserted. The writer described the position of the place to the beat of his memory, bus candidly stated that, after such a lapse of time, and the alteration entailed by cu'ting the timber, and the effeot cf the flood, he did not suppose he could do more than go approxi mately -near the spot, even if he visited the locality. From Jim Turner there had been no re si onse; and Patten moodily thought that his only plan would be to go back aud turn up about half a mile of the bank; and even then, with the utmost care, tuoh a small article as a salmon tin might easily be missed. The whole affair had an atmosphere of mystery about it that was depressing. In the first place, Burgess, when he returned, had managed to evade a personal interview. Both Patten and his father had been naturally anxious to see him, and-hear from bis own lips the aocount of the tragedy ; but although Bur gess had written several letters, he always inuuaged to miss any appointments, and finally disappeared without leaving any address. Young Patten was then bent upon going up to Queensland and personally searching for the remains; but his father was breaking up—he could not be 'spared from the station; and eohebad perforce to remain until it was too late to do any good. The years rolled on, and ho had almost for gotten the fancies that had troubled him when be first heard of the'catastrophe. He and his half-brother, who was the only child of the first wife, had always mutually disliked each other, and Robert Patten, the younger, bad strongly objected to his brother's going on the trip. The eldest son had always been of a morose, passionate nature, and had systema tically bullied his young half brothers until they were old enough to reBent it. This the youDgest one did more than his brother, who was of a quieter disposition. In consequence, it. was with rather a prejudiced mind that Robert now turned over the various circum stances that had lately cropped up ooncerning the deaths in the west of Queensland. In the first place, he had met an old friend, who said to him " By the way, I always understood that your eldest brother died iD the bush >n Queensland." " So ho did, I am sorry to say." . " Well, I eaw either him or bis ghost in Adelaide about two years ago." "Nonsense, man—a case of mistaken iden tity." " It is you who are talking nonsense, my boy. Wby, I know your brother A If Patten better than I do you. "Did youepeakto him?" "No. In fact, to tell you the truth, he eeemed to avoid mo." " It muBt have been a ghoet, then. If it had been my brother, wby should he have avoided you, and why has he not coire home?" "Well, it was a wonderful likeness. I was on my way home to England at the time ; and I certainly told several people on board, who knew him and bad beard of his death, about it." Fatten was naturally disturbed by suoh a piece of information. If hie brother was alive, he owned the whole of the station, and all the property left by his father, for the will, made shortly before his father's death, only left it between his mother, sisters, and himself, con tingent upon the deaths of his two brothers being oonfirmed; for, owing to the Btrange reluotance shown by Burgess to a personal meeting, tho old man had been impressed with the idea that Burgess had deserted his companions, and, in reality, knew nothing of their fate. Under~theee circumstances, why should his brother etay away, if alive ? Not many weekB after this tho letter from Burgees arrived, enolosed is one from a brother, Btating that the writer was dead, sod had requested that on his death the enolosed should be forwarded as direoted. Burgess in his letter merely said that he had buried oertain papers belonging to bis brother oonfided to hie oare, and gave a description of the place. He made no explanation of his motive for concealing the papers, nor for his eon ind in avoiding an interview, but wound up with the ominous eentcncc—"lu thcve papers you will find tho true account of your brother's death." It was noticeable that he only referred to one brother, although be had •bated to every bodythat both werpdead. ■ \- Eattepmuseddejeotedlyforsometime, then wrote.* short letter to Hoplrobd, thanking him for his letter. ., Blanche, "he Baid that evening to bis eldest " sister.whomhe had to a certain extent taken into bis confidence, ".I have already told yon that I have reason to believe-.that Alf. is still alive. Now.I want you to oommunioate this belief to the others, for. I should not be sur prised to see him torn up any day." " Surely, "Bob, you have not heard f com him, have you?" she returned, in surprise. "No; but I bave reason to think that the only obstacle to bis reappearance, has been removed. If he is alive, as I believe, I«n pretty confident that we ahall Bee something of him shortly." "But it will make an awfuldifference to you, * will it not ? In the etation I mean.", ■ "Certainly; it all belongs to him. Our mother will have a third by law,-which will be enough for her and you girls; but I shall be asked to leave, you may be sure, as soon as Alf' comes in possession. Fortunately, I have made a little money on my own account dur ing the last ten years, so shall not be quite penniless." His sister left him; and Bobert remained smoking on the moonlit verandah. Like • flash of light, it had suddenly illumined hit mind that the reason Alf did not reappear was because of Burgess. Once be beard .of Burgess's death, he would not hesitatetp come and claim bis heritage. There was now no doubt in his mind.' Burgess bad been either a witness or aooomplice in some deed that would ne t bear the light of day. ' He turned to go inside the house, when the tread of a horse approaohing' made him look round. Instinotively, he knew who was coming—the supposed dead man had returned to his own place. ■ In the bright clear moonlight be easily re cognised the rider, who dismounted, and hung his bridle on the picket fence that surrounded the garden, then approached the gate that led to the house. Robert called to hie Bister—"Blanche! our expected visitor has comeand strolled down the path to meet hiB half-brother. "Well, Bob," said the latter as they met, "I suppose you hoped never to see me again ?" "On the oontrary, A If," said Robert quietly, " I have been expecting you for some time. What have you been keeping up this farce so long for ?" " That I will tell you presently. Are we to go back on the old terms, although ten years have passed ? Have you got neither word nor hand to welcome a fellow "Let's have a mutual explanation first, both with regard to Sam's death and your silence." " Very well. Evidently, you are cot pleased at the boBs coming home. Will you tell one of the fellows to turn my horse out, and then we will see if the others of you are a little warmer in tbeir welcome." Roberb called one of the men, who took the horse; and the two men entered the house. Mrs. Fatten and the girls received the wanderer with at any rate an assumption of coidiality. They knew nothing of the graver doubts that tormented their brother, and, with womanly tenderness, endeavoured to make the unexpected arrival feel that he was weloome to his own home. The ten years of absence had not altered him muob, save that, to Robert, be seemed coarser and rougher in his manner . and conversation, as though his time had been passed amonget inferior associates. He at once told his stepmother that he was going to have a long talk With hiB half-brother, and explain his absence; and taking the hint, the women soon retired and left the two men together. Both smoked in silence for a while, then Alf suddenly remarkedWhat did that hound Burgees say when he got in ?" Robert had anticipated the question. He handed his brother one of the old newspapers containing the printed account. The other read it through' in silence. "A tissue of lies, with a word of truth here and there," was bis comment when he came to the end. "How did you think I was alive, after such a statement as that ?" "Old Broadhurst saw you in Adelaide over two years ago." " Did Burgess tell you any more than he has done hero ?" "I never saw him,. For some unaccountable reason, he dodged me always, and I could not get a personal interview with him." "Now, I will tell you what really hap pened," said Alf. "In the first place, the statement that we were successful in getting beyond the South Australian border for some distance is true. On our return, we camped near a patch of poisunous plant, and lost a number of our horses. That also is true" " The bones of the horses have been found," interjected Robert. "But no human remains?" said the other, aomewtiat hastily. - "No." "Of course, because there were none to find —at least, there. We got on to a dry stage, and found the water we depended on, dry. That is true. Now come the lies. We stopped at that dry bole dead beat, and debated what was best to be done. Before ns were about fifty miles of dry country, and at the end of it an uncertainty. Behind us were thirty miles dry oountry and the water we had left, a cer tainty. We decided to turn baok after taking a few hours' rest. We had only five horses left. Two of them were fairly strong, and the other three weak and knooked up. That night, while we slept, Burgess sneaked off with the two strong horses and nearly all the water and rations, and left us to our fate. No wonder be would not meet you." Both men were silent after this disclosure. "What happened then?"said Burgess at last. " When we awoke and found Burgess gone, we could do nothing but tramp back to the water we had left. There we arrived more dead than alive, with two out of the three horses, the other one having died on the road. We deoided to make for the Overland Tele graph Line. This, to make a long story short, eventually we did; but I*was the only onewho reached it. The black boy died, Ioannotsay of what. He gave in, and lost pluck.. Bam was speared by the natives on a oceek about a hundred miles east of the line, and dUd in about an hour. We hadused upeverycartridge when they tackled us, or it would not have happened." Robert 'started at these words, for they seemed such an echo of the story told by Bur gers; and yet, according to this version, Burgess could have known nothing of the fate of the men he deserted. "I got to the Line, and luckily came across a repairing party, and they-took ine in to Barrow Creek Station—" "And with "the telegraph right at your hand, you never wired our father a word of either Bam or yourself?" interrupted Robert. Alf got up, and impatiently walked about tbe room. " To tell you the truth, I had not the heart. I blamed invsolf right through. I had no business to persuade Sam to come and risk his life. I would rather you thought tie both dead, thaa have to oome home alone; I felb that I had been the oauee of hie death." " What did yon do then, Alf ?" " We bad Borne good country on our way. across; and when Igot down to Adelaide, 1 took up the lease oh it, and sold it very well. I fell in with some men going to South Afrioa; and as I had a roving fit on me, I joined them,- and was there five years. I volunteered for the Zulu War, and saw a jgood.deal of it.„• Then I came biok to Australia, and went np to the gold rush at ICimberley. Everywhere I did well, just because I did not particularly want it, I sup pose. At lest T got tired of knocking about, and determined to come home and declare myself. I may as well tell you that I had seen the notice of the'old man's death in a. Sydney paper,and you know as well as I do that after his death there ib not a soul here who wpuld not prefer that . I had never re turned. I am not, and never was, a favourite with my father's seoond family. As it ib, 1 suppose that I appear to oust you; but I have no in tention of doing so. There is enough for db nil. I could never play the part of the modern squatter." "It is late, Alf,"said Robert, rising. "I have tnuoh to think of. Believe me, that nobody here ib sorry to see you baok ; but you must admit that your silence and absence under such circumstances as thedeathof Sam were peculiar. Is it not so?" "Perhaps; but I presume you are satisfied as to my own identity! Tell me," he went on, as his brother halted for a moment at the door, " has little Rate Rudder grown npas pretty as ehe promised to be?" i 4' Miss Rudder," returned Robert coldly, "has grown up as pretty and good aa she promised to be. Now, good night. Tour old room ie ready for yon. Ton know the way." He closed the door almost as he spoke. Left to himself, Alf smiled somewhat grimly. "Itouohed Master Bob on a tender spot seemingly. Evidently he has hie eye on Kate Rudder." He turned the lamp out and went to his room. It was quite true Alf Fatten had touched upon a tender spot when he mentioned Kate Rudder's name to his brother. The Rudders owned the neighbouring station, and the two families had always been on the moat friendly footing.' Kate, the youngest and only unmar ried girl, was now a brilliant and beautiful young woman of one-and-twenty, with half a dozen aspirants for her hand. Robert was sorely emitteD, and had reason to believe that he had some ohanoe of suooess, but his brother's remark gave bim some troubled thoughts that night. Robert Fatten, the owner of half the Btation and a. good deal of other property, and Robert Patten beginning life afresh on a email and limited oapital, were two very different men. He had no reason to think the girl meroenary or capricious, but his nature had a warp of distrust in it whioh often led him to suspeot the motives of other people without cause, and in the present instance influenced him against accenting the liberal spescbeB of his returned relative without large discount. (To be continued.) 