AN EVANGELISTIC MISSION. REV. J. M'NEILL AND MR. J. H. BURKE. OPENING SERVICES. The Rev. J. M'Neill, M.A.,andhis co-worker, Mr. J. H. Burke, whose names and earnest labours have been in the months of religious people in the Southern colonies during the last two or three months, commenced their mission in Brisbane yesterday at the Centennial Hall. To say that the event occasioned a sensation would be to inisdesoribo the impression which their opening services made. The feeling was of great and general interest in the missioner whose work and proaching had drawn such immense assemblages of people together in Melbourne and in Sydney. It followed naturally enough that the place of meeting was taxed to its utmost to hold the people who sought admission. The afternoon service was announced to be held at 8 o'clock, but some time before that only a few seats here and there were unoccupied. Five or ten minutes to the hour the hall was so full that the evangelist, looking at his watch, said, "The hour has scarcely arrived, but as the audience is here we may as well begin, and forthwith the proceedings were commenced. Mr. M'Neill had selected for himself a place on one side of the organ, which stood in the centre of the platform. His follow worker sat at the other side when he was not acting as organist or singing-and behind was a large choir under the leadership of Mr. G. Down. Among the congregation were to be seen ministers of various denominations. The Old Hundredth having been sung with massive effect by the whole of the people, Mr. Mc.Neill lost no time in introducing himself and his mission, and this he did with an oppression of pleasure at having reached Brisbane, and a passing regret that a somewhat uncomfortable heat had sprung up rather suddenly and unexpectedly. 'The rev. gentleman spoke in distinct resonant tones, with a slight Scotch accent. In his delivery intense earnestness alternated with the most kindly humour, and it was very soon apparent that the speaker was gifted with the capacity of feeling intensely and of portraying his feelings and thoughts with glowing words and impressive action. Having explained when the meetings would he held during the week, he invited his hearers to pray for the singing as well as the preaching. " Of course," said he, "let there be prayer. God gives us pretty much what we ask for. If you only want a crowded audience Some little stir and sensation will give it. Advertising arrangements can do that, and you got what you ask for you have your reward ; but if you want more then you will have to ask for more. If you want souls saved you will have to ask for it; and that is a somewhat hackneyed phrase, but there is a tremendous force behind it. Air and sunlight are hackneyed and commonplace, but we never quarrel with them as the days come. And this phrase is some- what commonplace and hackneyed ; there is a tremendous freshness and eternal moaning and truth in it." Pointing out then that if they wanted to see men's lives changed and dark hearts and homes made bright, men and women turned from evil courses, they would need to ask God for it, he said " This is why I say pray for the singing. . . . Why should God not cross the gospel in a song as well as in a sermon? A Sermon, let it be frankly admitted, sometimes wearies ; but a hymn does not. Why should not God bless truth in a hymn, where every word is expressed musically? We do not indulge in operation singing in the sense of vocal gymnasts, but we try to set forth the gospel truths in longer The speaker said they wanted to get at the careless people, bigoted people, proju died people, and people who know all about it," he pointed out that people are always dogmatic in proportion to their ignorance. It was those careless people he asked his hearers to try and induce to attend the services. A word or two followed on the financial aspect of the mission. "There is no mystery about it, and especially there is no mystery of iniquity about it, but there are always a lot of people who think, especially in religious work, that there is some mystery of financial iniquity about it. You know the man about town who looks down his nose and appears as wise as an owl, and knows everything because he knows nothing about it." A mission of this sort, he said, cost about £120 a week for expenses, rent of hall, advertising, printing, etc, and his plan was to try and see that each day paid for itself. The audience did not look like a moan orowd-(laughter)-and all he wanted them to do was to pay their way. Mr. Burke and he took no salary out of this work, but if there was anything over they were not above taking it to defray thoirtravellingoxponses round the world which for two people, as they probably knew, were, rather heavy. "But your own bill first, and then if any of you don't care to help us to go round the world, there keep your money and we will go round the world just the same. (Laughter.) Now I think that is fair, take it what way you like. So mean if you like, be generous if you like, but if you are moan don't try to put a fine surface on it, be frankly moan." (Laughter,) After the musical part of the service Mr. M'Neil began his address. He took as his text the 23rd Psalm : " The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want, He maketh me to he down in green pastures and beside the still waters," to. That psalm, he said, was as familiar as the multiplication table, though not so much used, and it was as sure as the multiplication table for spiritual accounts if they would only work it in. How would they like to stand where he did and be expected to say something fresh about the multiplication table ? Of course might easily be very fresh. He might say two times two made five. That would be very fresh, but it was not true ; and he was afraid that preacherS sometimes attempted to get rid of dulness and BtalenesB by saying something fresh at the expense of fidelity to eternal truth that no man nor angel dared tamper with. He applied this as a test of conversion, and said that the man or woman who could repeat it in his or her book was a Christian. Like much other poetry it was an expression of thoughts which were in the minds of the people. He urged his hearers to apply the words of the psalm to themselves, to make it their own and strike a key-note. full and clear. The passage, "Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil for Thou art with me," do., so often repeated in the death chamber, he thought, had a stronger application to life. Then he pointed out that to many of whom life had been laid in green pastures and beside the still waters. " Many of you never had a trouble unless the troubles you kick up for yourselves. You never had to wait for food unless you wanted to wait. You never had to bend your back to a severe burden. Your father was born before you-a very good arrangement for you. (Laughter.) I am not denying that this man's industry, and the other's thrift, and another's prudence have helped to bring this forward ; but I repeat, if the Lord were to take his share out of your brains and business and intellectual quality, why, the very devil would not be made up with what is left, and I would not touch it with a stick. No, sir 1 No ! ray sweet madam." It was said by commentators that it was only the shadow of death that was mentioned in the Psalm; none but children were frightened of shadows. He did not agree with the commentators in that. He was as brave as the average commentator, but he did not like shadows. "Shadows are not harmless things. My friend, if God only let loose all your bad past, all your shadows, haunting ghosts, spectres coming out of what you have been and what you have done and what you rightly deserve, then He could scare you through dreams like Job and terrify you through visions till you left your bed and longed for the blessed day. From all fears and shadows and doubts the psalm rove fall protection, and he again urged his hearers to make its familiar words their own. During the service Mr. Burke sang " When the mists are cleared away," and " When I shall wake with great devotional feeling. The attendance at the evening service was again very large. Mr. M'Neill dealt very impressively with the subject of Christ healing the man with the withered hand. To-night's service will commence at 7.30 o'clock. ' 