?THE NOVELIST,1 THB COST O3F A VOW. — ? ?*— - — — - JBt tho Author of ' A Long Tun* jigoj I cwM not lovo tnco, dow, bo much, Loved I not honour moro.—LovKUCB. CHAPTER X. 'No. I wn only going to act in Cathorino Douglas, flaid GladyB, a littlo ?adly now, on heaving hor oouuinwaa going to havo (in oxtra part. ' I do wish wo couUU'Ot JoBlino Fairfax np horofor the wholo tiring. Uw oho TroTild onloy it I' ? ' Do yon think so P' naid ho wishing qnioltly that ho might act with hor, though tho idea of hor innny character ?trade him at onco aa extraordinary and incongroiiB. ' I am not sure. I think oho would ho too ehy, And thon Miaa Barbara would novor lot her «omo.' ' I hftvo a ouspicioM, Miaa St. John, ?aid Colonel Myddloion, coming np to hor and Bitting down hy hor— a thing ho' had not dono deliberately wince that ftvoning in tho morainjf room. ' Hermiono folt curiously glad. ' Yoo 1' she fluid, looking up, and Iny !bs ho* tiahl hand ova*' ho* loft to hide tho flash of thoHO tirouomo diamondci, 11 1 wonder if it hafl otrnck you. T think wo are ffointf to bo in a tableau All lo oursolvw-.' Sho waa nilont, but a crimoon flush mounted to hor forehead, and sho dropped hor oyoa. Ho looked (vt hor keenly. ' Shall you mind P' M No, of courao not. Why should I P' Mho Sftid, looking up, hnt au qniokly lot ting hor oyofl fall again, ' I munt do what I am bid, you know.' 11 Not at all,' ho fiakl, earncntly. ' If youdiBliko tho idea, I'll refuse point' wan*, ho you win navo no iruuuio, Sho hoaitatod a littlo, and thonnaid— ' I think that would bo a pity, don't you? Ho hau Bothin heart on thio Ublowi, ©vidontly,' '? ThU Ubloiiu ! What P— which F' M I moan tho only other I mn going to Mt in boaidot) Catherine Douglau,' 'ItBhall bojuut an you like,' ho ?aid. ' Of courso I like it. I wi»h you Krc«ld toll mo what you nro going to Wow. It might givo nfl a duo.' 11 1 don't liko llio droflft— it'n too ox traotdinary,' oho said, lookiii g up npain, 1 It'fl all whito fro nmy lioad to my foot. I flhall look liko a ghont.' Colouo) Myddloton ntnrtod no violent ly thftt hio elbow npooat a cup of coft'oo ?tunding near him, and in tho confusion connoquont on wiping it up, niado no further allusion to tho onbjeot. On tho oontrary, ho got up and moved hurried. Jy away. 11 Whatcan I havo said now P' thought Horniiono. ' I am ulwayn Haying ttnpid things,' and it waa rather wi.it lolly aho looked townrdn tho ond of tho drawing room, whovo Colonol Myddlo ton had drawn Mr. Freeman,, ana woo talking to him, evidently moat oarnoat . h- Mr. Freeman looked round onco or or twioo. , , ' I mvy, Freeman, you'ro not going to inako mo act any tomfoolery, now, About that ghoat otory hero P' ?«Whyf' ' Booauao, irnnply, I won't do it. I hato that sort of thing, and frankly, my doar follow, I won't do it,' Qntvrl waa wilont, holding hia chin; thon 1w eavd— ' Woll, would it make any difforcnoo as to who waa tho ghost P' 11 Y a*-I mean no. Of courao not; ' Oh, I havo my own idoaa, that'fi all,' oaid ho, looking across at Hormiono. Thon, auddonly, ' I'll toll you what, Myddloton, it'll bo an awful ohamo if you cut out at tho and. Now, look horo. Stop a bit ! — liatcn ! I'vo got ouuh a Bceno in my heart ! It will bo porfoat. Tlioroaro only two pooplfl how who ©an do it. You aro tho man. Now, x thon, bo qniot, do 1 And who do you think looks in tho looat liko the wonftvn P' ' I'll toll yon what, Freoman. Thin ifl all vory flno, but I won't act in that eoono. I hato suoh rubbiali,. It'a a flhamo to bring a wowan iu aa a ghoat;, I ootadn't stand it.' 'BfthiJ aro you afraid, aboolntolyP' Qoatl said it oiuioualy and olowly. 'Yofl— woll, I am, of that nceno,' uawerod Colonol Myddloton, in unoon trollablo agitation. VMiw St. Johiiia toftctin it. Now 4o- you mind?' 11 Juat tho Baino,' with a spaom at tho Mmon of hla mouth. ,wTh«n you would mthor aomobody , ,:; jwrna tho old faithloua Sir Sydnoy Pr' v;;j ' *1 won't act in it.' \\\ J^fhaa wo moat glvoitnp,' naid I -Joatl, in a- qniot way, ' moro ospooially ; fw,I had novox thought of it at all till ; «ra put it in my howl.' J ^Butyous^id ? ' 'l ''JJothing at oll^ nftld ho , inporturb iWHy. ?♦ Owy you jumpod to aomo ox twwudSnary conoluaiou. Now thon, look boro*~who in thia worn haa a truly |»Wk«plrttualfacor m 'Thffy aro all too young,' Bftid \ Ooloiwl MyddloUin, coldly, turning \- tolibontely away fcconx looking at Hor \ #aoino. . ; '*wm\t ugrou who you. suma at, \ John*! toco waa novo» young, and it } 'Will novor grow old, Sho will not tho :4 Heotto with yoo, and X could toll yon thin V *i| think sho would ho tho ono to oh | Joot,if»ho know, not you. Bho will , «nhr bo your good angel.' Tboa ho wiukod off to inako Gladyo ? 9*9' 1 OolowA Myddloton walkod atraight I MNH to Horioiooo, da oho Iwd dono to / JXwrothy, and mvid— }v 'You wpo not going to bo a ghoat, . JWly xny good angol' 4 Tho oxdtoinottt wout oa inoroaolng, ; Jll tho inviUtiona wora written and «wp*tchod- thoro waa to boadaneo amrwotd«, And a fancy ball tho noxt Bight hut ouo. Tho gardener waa foro tug flowers ; tho honsokoapor waa nearly boiido horAoU witli anxiety about tho ?upper j tho maid i woro working day »nd night Tho mon, undo? Sir Philip UdMi. FKOOnum, woro wranging tho b≪ at the dftiB, Tempoiary pillnra woro raUod in frout of tho daia, hung with tapoatry, ondbotw«eu them woo ?lung tho ourtaiu. A baud waa order ed down from London, and waa to bo gacod in tho gallery that run round o hall at half ita height, Evorybody workod for everybody oloo, and nobody did what thoy ought to do. Mr. Proo man hod induced them to koep uooret , what thoy woro all going to woat at tho fancy boll, * Thogonoral world will think Char teriaohad suddonly gonomad,' eaid GUdys, dancing with gloo. 11 1 think tho general world hwj gono mad Hsalf,' wdd Ludy Clinton. » Do liaton. Mr. Fairfax haa aaid Joalino lhall comowithMr. Crosbio, only not in t&aej; drfHiii.' Robert Watt, who waa polishing* ftwctiBM, ooloarodto thoroota of bin .,. u*r K,r 'I«m sura Uim Ita3)ara dooan't k know, then/* said Glnpya, 'fotlbnw iu ; ker Yortotdift and wMnl bogw alboui fin, , It, the Bftlffod ana-ftmifftjfl, anA-»aid aho with oil thoso piukotinfja, bo 1 didn't daro nay any moro,' ' Ah, but I wont off to Mr. Croabio, and ho got round that deav Mr. IMr« fftx j but, of couvne, I rthull havo to go in porsoji, and «ak Minn JJarbara, It will bo rathor fun, though, llomiono ehall eoiuo— will you, lonoP' Moanwhilo, dny by day, Colonol Myddloton and Hormiono uoomodto Bay loan to .caoh othov. It wua not bo much on hov part oh .on. his. Ho kopt away aa much un ho could, and whon ho *milr1 '«At. T«^pn^n frnm nlt.t.incr Hoar llOF ho hardly snpko. But thoro was BOino. thing so hold down iu his whole manner and boaring that Hormiono wan bound by it too. All tho old froodom of fool ing that had such olmrnifi for hor, tho fooling that whatovoraho said ho would understand, wua gono. Sho folt, in* otoad, aa though ho woighod and watoh cd for hor words, hor inflection o! voice, with painful cavnostno»a and ofton dia appointmont. Mo seemed to hor to hear what sho was saying through any buzz of talk. Even if ho woro opoak ing to othora, in nomo way or voico appearod to roach liim. Sho know it uy aomo nnduon turn ot Hiiouiaor ana h«,«J. It made her rostloau and fovor ioh; butahohad groat eolf-control, and no ono found it out, unlona perhapa Quarl. SIio and Mr, Frcoman Hoomod to havo arrived tit Homo utraugo, un upokon allianuo, offonaivo and dol'onsivo, and nho bogan to lileo tho strange muni ' Gabriol Yannior is cominK to Old Couirt., nnd I nm going to HUy thoro whilht ho iii there,' tiaid llobort Watt to Gladys, ?You will liko that, von't you?' Haid his couain. ' Yosi, awfully. I nay. Gladys, it's bo odd— I think I roally havo fallen in lovo at last.' 11 So it sooras ( I Imow you would with Joalino. Whut dooo it fool liko P' Bho Bald, wifltfully. ' Oh, vory horrid, but rathor Jolly too. Of courno it will all bo no good, 'I don't boo that!' iudignantly. 'WhyP' 11 Oh, I'm bo poor,' Gladys only turned away with a sigh. Sho folt that povorty alouo uovov yot provontod a lovo match, 