OUR AMERICAN LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] New York, January 6, 1594. That "the darkest hour of night precedes the dawn" will, it is to be hoped, prove true in regard to the extremely gloomy and depressed condition in which the new year finds the American people. On every hand there is wailing over the hard times and impatient abuse of the apathy of our rulers in devising means of relief. The agitators say that there are three millions of unemployed men, but this is at least double and perhaps three times the true figure. Even that is bad enough, however, and in the great cities the charity organisations have their hands full in aiding deserving cases of actual want. Most of these unfortunates are foreigners who have not had time to take firm root in the soil, but they are none tbe less an integral and necessary part of the general fabric ot American industry, and if they did not steadily come here, glad and willing to do the rougher work and the "odd jobs' of tbe new world of promise, Dative Americans would be infinitely less prosperous than they are. The clamor raised in tome Quarter?, therefore, about "improvident and ignorant aliens" is at once foolish and un generous. It is now plain that the Silver Pur chase Bill had only a small influence in creat ing our present troubles. The money which had been hoarded in safes and stockings baa poured back into the banks until capital has ecarcelv any loanable value; indeed, one day last week large sums were lent on securities without interest—an incident which has probably never occurred betore in any great mosey centre, and which can only bo explained on the theory that bond? and stocks were iooked upon as better worth holding than certificates of deposit in banks that were not doing enough business to Day ex penseF. But all these scores of miilions'of dol lars are still idle because their owners are waiting to know what Congress will do about the tariff. The manafactoren have made cut after out in wages until rates are in many cases only a little higher than the European scale; but they are unwilling to make np anything beyond actual orders until experience shows that their belief that they can hold their own against allcomers is well founded. We are worse off, therefore, for the moment than if we were on an absolute free-trade oasis, for there would be abundance of work at low wages, whereas now there is little or no work of any kind to be had. The worst foe of honest industry is neither a protective tariff nor free-trade, but uncertainty. It is taken for (rranted that the new tariff will pass the House of Representatives, although it is now handicapped with what "r Amerlcan ey«s " the most infamous of all mesas of raising revenue—an income tax. In America, as in ancient Judea, a tax gatherer is an object of universal aversion, and v the Democrats carry their point he will re appear upon the American stage for the first time since the war. High duties are possibly a robbery of the many for the benefit of the few, but the man who pays them is not brought face to face with the Custom House, and all oui municipal and state taxes are lumped together in one rate upon a given assessment, and a man can send a cheque for them or not, just as he chooses, to the city treasury, the penalty for neglect being first a stiff tine for interest and ultimately a sale of the property over his head. Never, however, is he personally dunned. Bub an inoome tax must be personally collected, and the victim can in no way escape an interview with the assessors. It is proposed only to tax men with 4,000 dollars a year, thus catering- to the socialistic sentiment, which is steadily be coming supreme in all but the older states of the union, but nearly all Americans look open themselves as possible members of this class, and an ambitious young clerk with 30 dollars a month declaims as loudly against this "odious monarchical exaction" as his millionaire chief. Tbe Bill with this addition to it, indeed, loses nearly all its chances of final passage; and yet, in the absence of an income tax, there will have to be taxes on eugar or coffee, and the poor people who would pay them wouid surely enter a protest at the polls. What the masses really voted for in 1892, and what they were promised by tbe Democratic etump orators, was—higher wages, lower prices, and the relegation of tbe " robber-baron" manufacturers who employed them to their proper place at the tail end of tbe natioual procession. But alas! prices of most kinds ot food are no lower, while wages most certainly are, and the manufacturer, though crippled and pcor, is more independent end brutally defiant than ever. It is of course in the Senate that the Tariff Bill will run the [greatest d«nger, and if senators would «t [ once vote it down, or even if they would at once pass it, the country would settle down to work on tbe new basis, whatever it might Im, and everybody would be busy and happy. But many Demooratia senators, while they will not risk their chance of getting patronage from tbe White House by a direct vote against their party, will at the same time Bboratly defeat the Bill by permitting every reasonably-plausible means of obstruction, and in tbe meantime the country will remain in helpless misery, like a ship in the doldrums. Sooner or later, however, the people will assuredly again find themselves freed from these accidental misfortunes, and in American affairs tbe wisest of men is be who is always, for a long pull, a " bull on the country." The silver question is resting in a very uneasy slumber. The same Mr. Vborbecs who pushed through the Repeal Bill in the Senate has found it necessary, in order to pacify his constituents, to introduce a Bill providing for the coinage of tbe surplus silver in the Treasury at the rate of 2,000,000 dollars a month, and when that is exhausted for the resumption of purchases at the same 2.000,000 dollars a month rate. Italsoprovidedfortbedemonetisa tion of gold in any coins of less value than 10 dollars, and for the retirement of all bills pay able in gold for less than that sum. This last provision would absolutely destroy the use of Kold in the country except as an instrument of foreign trade, for of course nearly all payments of 10 dollars and upwards are made by cheques, and if tbe 5 dollar and 2i dollar gold pieces are abolished silver will become the only pos sible medium of small exchanges. The Bin also gives power to the President to appoint five commissioners to attend an international conference to eeenre an agreement upon a common ratio between the two precious metals, and 80,000 dollars are appropriated for the expensed of encb a commission. Every well informed man has of course believed all along—and none more strongly than the great European bankers, although the Enropean newspapers have given do inkling that each was the truth—that even Mr. Cleveland, bow ever positively he may have declared against the Sherman Bill, was really in favor of a double standard whenever Great Britain [could be either coaxed or coerced into a recognition of it. The repeal of I tbe Sherman law bas already achieved tbe main benefit hoped from it—tbe aggrava tion of the difficulties of the Indian Government — and if it chose to do so, the Washington Government, as it be lieves, could at any time plunge all Europe into acute distress by an issue of 200,000,000 dollars of gold bonds. Such a bond issue in some form will soon have to be made, because the expenses of tbe Government are tempo rarily greater than ita receipts, but it has the option of raising tbe money either at home— which it can easily do by emitting, like the French Government, bonds of email denomi nation —or abroad, by emitting bonds of 1,000 doUazsand upward?. In the tatter case, iteeredit being higher in the market even than that of Great Britain, it would draw away gold with ruinous facility, audacrieia would,aaisbelieved, be reached which would compel an equitable recognition of tbe claims of silver. The Indian Government, as in the matter of silver coinage, has taken time by the forelock with a gold loan, but its position is certainly far weaker intrinsically than that of the United States. Fortunately, however, for tbe world at large the United States can only use ite economic power at great cost to itself and the net result of all these movements will pro bably be tbe adoption of a conciliatory com promise. But holders of silver stocks who can afford to wait may possibly yet see their pro perty revive from its present depression, at least temporarily. One of the great London newspapers is known to have retained a famous war corres pondent for the coming spring and we are all speculating about what would happen here if the long threatened European conflict should at last really break out If Great Britain were involved there would at onae be, so it ia believed, a revival of the American carrying trade, and it is even said that one of the niembere of the Naval Affairs Committee keeps in his desk a Bill providing for the immediate transfer to American registry of all vessels that may be in good faith bought abroad by American owners. American shipyards, too, now are both numerous and well appointed, and the difference of cost between building on the Clyde and the Sohuylkill is something lees than 20 per cent. Such speculations are, of course, mere castles in thu air, and alter all modern wars will all necessarily be^ short lived, and after the storm was over the English advantage of superior cheapness would imme diately reassert itself. It may well be urged, however, as a consideiatiou by no means to be neglected, that an outbreak of war would not mean, as it did once, tbe utter ruin of English shipowners, for there would be a market for their property ready to their hand, thanks to the marvellous development of thu world's wealth, and when it bewme again possible to reinvest their money in the old way they could do so with comparatively little loss. The reason why the war was fatal to the American carrying trade was that in ship building wood wan sapptanted by iron, aud Americans ceased to be able to coinptta wilb their great rivals on equal terms. But after the next great war England will still have left her former advantage of cheap and intelli gent labor and abundant capital; aud the expectation that a wholesale transfer of English vessels to the American flag would of itself bring about American naval Kupreinauy certainly rests on a very uncertain foundation. Real progress towards American supremacy can only be made in tbe old way—by doin^ the work cheaper and better than anyone else. Hawaii is etili a burning issue. The Presi dent has no doubt done wiiat he conceived to be his duty, but politically he has sadly blundered, and it is not too much to fay that he will never regain his popularity with the people at large. His own party are doing their best to shield him, but they cannot venture to do so in open debate, and all eliort is directed to postponing as long as possible a discussion on the floor of Congress of the facts of the case. It is hoped neither party in Hawaii wili resort tv extremities, and as long as there is no bleod- Bhed the path to oblivion will be comparatively smooth and easy. It is already plain, how ever, that even against) its will ihe United States cannot avoid assuming in some form a protectorate over tbe islands. It inny decline to do bo formally, but it has been now dragged into the controversy, and there is no possible way of escape. Tens of thousands of men have cent orders to the provisional govern ment to volunteer in its service at their own expense, and even if the qneen were restored her tenure of power would be absurdly doubtful. Congress, too, apart from party exigencies, is overwhelmingly on the eiqe of tbe revolutionists; and as soon as the question can be treated impartially— which will happen at the latest when Sir. Cleveland goes out of power—both sides will agree upon some form of union. Kven now, however, it is quite clear that the fear of what would probably have happened had there been an actual collision at Honolulu—the impeach ment of the President for exoeeding his consti tutional powers and a bitter and terrible party struggle—has distinctly aggravated the exist ing depression. American influence steadily extends, at least indirectly, over a wider area. There is scarcely a country in Europe in which men who have been to a greater or less degree trained in American methods do not hold posts of responsibility and power. Garibaldi (whose candle factory on States Island is now swell patronised beer saloon) in times {last, and Clemenceau, in the day that now is, are conspicuous examples of what an American education can help to do for a man. The new President of the Swiss Republic, Emil Frey, is another of our graduates. In 1801 be en li?ted in the war as a sergeant in the Illinois regiment, and served until tbe collapse of the rebellion. He rose to be a captain, was captured at Gettysburg, passed a long time in Libby and Salisbury prisons, and was at one time marked out as a hostage under sentence of death in prospective retaliation for a Con federate officer also so sentenced but never executed. Having been breveted major he re tamed to Switzerland and became colonel brigadier in the Swiss Federal Army, Speaker of the National Council, Minister to Washing ton, vice-president, and now chief magistrate. Not very long after Frey left for home VaOl&nt;, the anarchist, another adventurer of fortune, passed some years in Denver as a teacher of languages, Cornelius Herz being at the earns time in San Fran cisco, and Clemenoean in New York. These four French-speaking men, all poor, might easily have dined at the same table is a 50 cent Franco-American restaurant, and Rochefort on his way back via America from New Caledonia might quite possibly have also added himself to the party. Yet how strangely different are the paths which these men, diverging from practically the same point, have sinoe followed! General Grant onoe said of the Democratic party that it could alwayn be depended upon to do the wrong thing at the right time, and sometimes it eeems as though ?like cntici?m might be justly nassed npon the labor men. The bard times greatly indisposed the public to look with patience upon squabbles between employers and employed about mere points of etiquette, and for that very reason, apparently, the New York Musical Union have taken it into their bead to insist vigorously npqn & role which is of ex tremely doubtful wisdom. No matter bow skilful in his art, nor how loyal to it at borne in Europe, a mesieian cannot play in America in an orchestra until he has lived here cix months. The initiation fees of the union, therefore, are really so much money and half -a year's idleness. This is bad enough in an ordinary case, but it is simply intolerable when, as sometimes happens, a musician of a particularly tare kind is needed here to fill up a Rap in an orchestra. A tew years ago Theodore Thomas got into trouble by bringing here an oboe-player, and the union would not let the man play, although there was not a single person in the American Union who could play even badly, nixm tbe came instrument. Walter Dauirosbb, the leader of the Symphony orchestra, has just had an equally disagreeable experience. He brought over from Germany a violin player of a special kind—cot a competitor in any way of any American musician — and on the second-evening of the man's engagement, just as an audience of several thousand people bad settled themselves down for a delightful evening, the rest of the orchestra, without a word of warning, announced a strike and left the stage, pursued by the hisses of the spectators, The money was returned to the tioket-hqlders at the box-office, the payments, as is usual in such oases, ex ceeding largely the cash in tbe till, and Mr. Damroech then negotiated for a week with the union, with the result of obtaining as a special favor permission for his violinist to play solos as an artist, but not to join in the concerted passages. Surely the worst enemy in the world of organised labor oonld hardly do more mischief to the cause than is thrust npon it by an exhibition of suoh pitiable spite and ob struotion. This is the very home, however, of organisa tion. The working men only display in ? minor degree the same spirit which animates every class of the community, and thecourta are kept busy in attempting to restrain all sorts of imperia in imjicrio within reasonable bounds. Even as a workman looks npon a blackleg —"ecab" is the yet more nnpleaeing American epithet—as the vilest of created beings, co the millionaire resents with equal bitterness tbe interference of a fellow magnate in some trade bargain. Between the two, all sorts of trades men try to assist each other by specially help ful regulations. Tailors and such like, of coarse, exchange their black-lists of bad cus tomers, and the chronic spendthrift in New York coon finds himself reduced to a basis where the things he must have can only be procured for actual cash. The undertakers— but that is a slip of the pen, for they now style themselves "funeral directors"—have, bow ever, carried matters to the very extreme of strictness, for the role of their associa tions is that no man shall bury a corpse, even for cash, so long as a bill is out standing against the came family for a prior funeral; and in Louisville the other day a lawyer, who owed a bQI for burying his father, bad to get his wife interred as a pauper by tbe city authorities, Bimply because the Funeral Directors' Association had pat htm on their black-list. Of course, in these hard times the Thespians are faring very badly. Henry Irving and Ellen Terry, and Coquelin and Jane Hading are both here, but even they sometimes play before not a few empty seats. The managers, like tbe manufacturers, have cut salaries down to tbe free-trade level, and even at that the "ghost" sometimes fails to walk at the ap pointed hour. In such a season of gloom only old friends in tbe shape of plays can be toler&ted;, and novelties are few and far be tween, nor is there one of them just at present entitled to special mention. 