LESS THA\ Kiy. A STOBY IX FIVE CHAPTKBS. lr Mrs. WILL C. HAWKSLEY. Chambers' Miscellany. CHAPTER L t was a pretty cottage, that at which dingy cab, engaged at Havant Station, F tip one wet J nne evening. Pretty, withstanding the weather which wd the roses, climbing np the front peeping in at the windows, to nod ir moist, bedraggled heads, and which ghted with damp the vine-leaves rsliadowiog iutj pu«wu. iu |t8 jural beauty, that it would be an Jty dwelling in a very few hoars was lent, for the cnrtainless casements Bed bare and wretched, bits of straw j laved their ungainly length against dark mould of the flower beds and L the yellow gravel of sodden path ; a. ooArrthiner was writteo. as uvu L"..,-- a ' Bj|y to be read as the two short Es upon the board by the gate, To I'm glad we had the covered vane, Bob ther are so much more ex- ive,1 remarked Mildred Russell her liusbaud as she flattened Eose— a well-shaped nose enough (r more ravouiiiuic Kst the panes and stared out into the Ibt. ' Every atom of furniture E have been ruined otherwise.' Ij. dearest Milly, all your arrange- E are wise 1' declared the clergyman Id her. 'Fancy arriving at Denleigh never a dry chair to offer the ex- nit parishioner. Avaunt the nation!' on're a goose. ' You'll have to ire, now that you're a Vicar, really, lie. Oh, you must! And treat me the dignity becoming my position I Just promise to try, will you ?' romise? I'll promise anything !' At I ti8 wife laughed, understanding reply of old. ' There's a knock at reet door now, and a fine oppor- If to begio my career of respect. — I von don't,' as she showed sigus of 111 answering the summons. ' In the Ice of the domestic, such menial L natnrally devolve upon the lent husband. Permit me, madam 1' I another peal of the merriest Iter Mrs. Russell sank upon the he was offering. gov nice ! And what a change,' she (rked, looking saucily up into his I 'But really, if yon are going to |e was already in the hal), threading lei til path between the packages that Inhered the house entrance. In lier instant his wife beard the sound te turning handle, and of his voice Inn an astonished greeting. 'My I Jack ! What on earth brings you |i And to-night. Come in out of ret — do ! Give me your goods.' lildred was beside him by this time. Bug caught the first three syllables, iid waited iu state no looger. ' Ob, I Daintry, cow delightful of you ! Iw:rf just wanting somebody to cheer Ip— weren't we, Charlie !' with her By smile. ' Take care, you clumsy Iture. Yon'll drop Why it's a I f For a little startled cry suddenly leeded from the rolled-up bundle; Ich Charlie, believing it to contain king but shawls and rugs, had un- Imonionsly tucked under bis arm, and t, in his astonishment, mnstjnevitably |e dropped, had not Milly's hands led upon it Without a thought of anything but the Id, who was beginning to scream ply, the lady turned abruptly and led I way into the sitting-room. At least (re war a ch.ir there, if only the oldest kitchen properties, upon which she lid deposit herself and investigate her rdeo. Which she immediately pro- 1 ided to do, ultimately bringing I light a tioy creature, with the Idestof red faces, and the smallest clenched fists, with which later I beat wildly at the air, violently ling the whole time. Mildred ght it closely to her breast and looked with a world of inquiry in her gaze, I her guest, who by this time had iitdJollOTHl By the wondering cleric. That's the way she's been going on all Hi Jack Daintry exclaimed, despair- rs ®-U3Se"> I can't bear g I can't bear it ! Qaiet her, if you can w4o. My poor weegirL' And he stooped kiss the smooth head,tbat was jogging 'i "P and down furiously upon Mil- fs Wilder. When he raised him- 1| she saw that great drops, not attri- jlclothe rain, were in his eyes. I »e child's hungry, I believe. When I" the fed last r going straight, as was | out, to the practical side of the latter. I Thismorniog. Before we started from I®, I suppose. At least— I Oh, "shall I make yon understand V With r"® DQftl PTplamAlM. X. _ 1— , -»«»mujavilUU UB BUUUtUliy f, P0D kis knees by the rickety table, r .Wlng bis head nponthe hard wood, 1® into sobs. Mildred and ber fans- p exchanged glances. L , '"'barlie, take her for a mo- ttll '.l ®e' "bat she wants,' cried r Ti though a great lump had risen in IX ln 8lle more inclined to Lttt>1;6' re w''b J ack's than to do Eu , aore useful. That, however Khja- er her quick movements, IWab!wrfDjtea 5eSulted in p5" Ivtnsm'iw '"wug-uouue, nuea witu |t#if-fa ; ADd W8ter nPon which the Ithioii , iifant at once set to work, while t0 little gurel8S P'bnlee l0cky 1 had kePc onr IHirr!' u-ij ®lvetn rs- JneB for IHtesnftt emarked, as she held. I storm f >D flWD| and watched tatin. V uunme lnco peaceiui Uiatr-i'T at> Charlie, I expect Mr. fte cold m B,Ilry b0- Do go and fetch bccunL, 1j 's on the top shelf of 80 is the solitary loaf ""st rnmm ! to koivea aud forks, von Vices of8" them' Snch fed, , a move,' turning; to' the L.i 0 by this time ailed his f T t"r"d pathetic move- """auv® "a tke sPectatora more batevet it „ ' He's iu awful trouble, Ri.'-.ni y. '' was the thought in mind. VghffX by-and-by ;ahd Vk bact e ?r8t8'gbt of food Jack lament di,Tk- a half-shudder, the S 8ood when he began V his deliXtj netrona quivering cat month ceased, >» heaving of his chest grew less noticeable. When at length he pushed away his plate and turned to the fire, he certainly seemed revived. 'You're worn out, old fellow,' ex claimed Charlie, with ready sympathy. Nearly ' — preseing his fingers to bis forehead. ' But bow good you've been,' stretching out the other hand — a very weak, womanish baud it looked— and laying it npon Charlie's far more healthy member. 1 You alwaye were better than anybody else.' . - 'Ob, slways !' — with a laugh, that for once was not the reflex of bis feelings. ' And now, who is this yonng person ?' — pointing t-o the child npon his wife's knee. ' My own daughter ' — with an air half sorrowrni, nair proua. - aja, vjaarne, you didn't know I was married f 'No, indeed. How should I ? when you haven't written for ' 'Twoyears,' finished Mildred, as he paused. ' I remember, if you don't ! You see, I consider my husband'a friends are my friends too, Mr. Daintry.' 1 r lrnntn ' anaman'no hap omila nrilVi another, sadder tbau tears. ' But let me tell you my story. 'It won't be a long one, for I'm too fagged myself to waot to weary yon.' ' No fear of that,' from Charlie. But the other did not heed the interruption. ' I married — her a year ago. She was my landlady's daughter,' be began, in ALAMA A KI. n H I TTTl. Il.t T — A buurt/, jerac y scutcuvn, HuiiBb j. was studying in London I had rooms in her mother's house, and so made her ac quaintance. Afterwards, Mrs Dawson died, and she was left qnite alone. So my twenty-first birthday was also onr wedding-day. She was the sweetest, daintiest creature. And she died just a fortnight ago, when this little one was born. — Mrs. Russell, she was starved to death !' He drew a deep breath, as ot a creature in physical agony. Then as no one spoke — for what was there to say in reply to soch an awful statement as that 1 — he went on again. ' We were married without my father's hnowledge. But it came to his ears, and he stopped my allowance then and there. That was within a month of the wedding. I went and pleaded with him. He listened and laughed ; and I flaug out of the house in anger. But worse times came. We pawned — her —wedding ring to get enough money for our railway fares, and went again — together! But he woold not so much as see us. We netfer redeemed that ring.' Once more he stopped. Mildred's tears were falling fast upon the white dress of the motherless baby, and Charlie was shading his eyes with his hand. But now, whilst he recurred in memory to the deepest depths of his misery, Jack's own eyes, which overflowed so freely half an hour ago, were dry. ' When she was dying, I went again fn K nuViton enaninn nsvr last, nnnnir T bad better have saved it to buy food for . — her, with the pause he invariably made before each reference to his dead wife. ' I did see Sir George then. I told him that she was perishing from actual want. And he answered that it was what he wished. To get rid of her was the best be could do for me. After that, can I give him my little Ena V There was no determination in his tone, only the sad depression that had characterised his manoer ever since he entered, sod that told of the crashing torture of mind and body through which he must have passed. Charles Russell, remembering trim as he used to be, weak but high-spirited, passionate but af fectionate, could scarcely believe this to be bis father's old pupil and favourite, who at one time had been to himself more than most yonnger brothers are But it was not be who first replied to the pathetic appeal. ' Give him this baby ? Ena, too ! ' Wbat a pretty name 1' ' It was her mother's, Her people bad been yeoman-farmers, and could trace their pedigree back to Saxon times. Longer than I can follow my otvc,' from « Really ? But of course Sir George caouot have her. Why, very hotly, ' he might teach her to despise her own mother, which would foe dreadful ! Yon'll keep her yourself, Mr. Daintry. I can tell yon a lot about babies, because there's our small Dick, you remember. Oh she'll > be such a companion ' - 1 But he interrupted ber. ' I can't bear my life here,' he said. ' I have no resources either, because Fd rather die, and so follow — her, tbau go, on my own behalf, to my father, after ' Mildred nodded a fall comprehension of the anuttered words. ' He has my elder brother and his boys to console him. Duke will never trauBgrese in the way I . did ' — with a slight curl of his lips. ' As to work there's none to be had in England ; or if there is, I can't find it. But an old friend, whom I knocked against yester day You remember. Dolby, 1/naoafl V 'Oh yes.' ' Well, he offered me a ticket for the States. He's keen in low- water too, and had actually booked his passage out, when he came in for a legacy. And as he had some notion, I suppose, that I 'was hard up,- he gave me the chance of this windfall. The ship starts to morrow.' There was a -silence when he paused. Of course thehusbahd and wifsgueBsed, more or less, of the request which was to be made, and wae already meditating upon the matter. They were not rich by any means, in spite of the living to which the clergyman bad jast been ap pointed, the revenues of which were, in deed, barely two-hundred a year. And they had themselves a five-year old toddler lor whom to provide. Yet all Mildred's womanly heart bad goae .out to the infant whose little bngere were in her own warm grasp, and whose deep breathing,, still brokeh foy au "occasional sob, alone disturbed the BtiUness j whilst Mr. Russell was endeavouring to find an excuse far his own desire ito have an other . prattler abont the house in the consideration of the benefit that Dick might derive from eucb sbciety. By the time that Jack .found t courage; to give votes to hie wishes, there waB .small -refusal. - ' . ; K j ' Mia, Bussell, wQl you take her bird 1 bring faer pp as ybuf own.1 Don't iejt any one know'that she has .<®o mother. Ihyonshe'Jl&idpnpoorlilttleJuL;'. And if she heyer fliesra' JznWj she. cshnotJedAMdata:.'-/t;t>fSA;;v ' i; \- - ' Mildred had .believed hwself prrmared 'fair. at that. ' But you'll be coming back and wanting her by-and-bye,' she urged. 'Then 1 am sure that you woDt dis pute my claim,' with another of those dreadfully mirthless smiles. 'But I don't believe that I shall ever ask you to give her np. It is possible. But I have a presentiment ' ' Bosh T from Charles. ' Ycu always were as superstitions as you were high, and that's Baying a good deal.' ' Well, presentiments sometimes come troe, at auy rate. And if mine shonld, will yon keep the child f The eyes of husband and wife met, making inquiry each of the other, as nsual. True, that those two had been married for six long years of snnshine ana snaaow, but the were etiu lovers as fond — nay, mnch fonder — than when they plighted their troth. And they had not lost the lover's faculty of thought-reading. 'There most positively be one condi tion, then : her grandfather must be acquainted with the child's whereabouts. Vnii nan rfmtw nn m «41l leantrtrv (ia guardianship to me, in case of your own death. But, in fairness to everybody, . Sir George Daintry must be told.' And so it was settled. Using such legal knowledge as his never arduous studies had acquired for him, John ' Daintry bequeathed his one treasure to his friend, and wrote a brief note to bis uwner neiorene quinea <ne noose men, silently grsspfog Mildred's hand, and kissing the brow of the slumbering Ens, he took his voiceless farewell — for ever, in this world ; for the ship that sailed with fcim on board arrived at New York with one short in the complement of her passengers. During a gale, en countered in the Atlantic, a furious gust of wind had torn a heavy rope from its fastings and swept it across the deck, from which every landsman bat one had long since disappeared. Like a serpent the long line coiled itself roond the solitary idler, carrying him along in its flight i and before help conld reach him, it was too late. The great billows had closed above Jack Daiotry's head,hiding him and his broken heart in their srav depths until the day of resurrection eball call him forth. And little Ena was ao orphan. CHAPTER II. Twenty years briug changes into all lives, and those of Mildred and Charles Russell were not likely to be exempt from the universal law. The vicarage of Dealeigb, which had been their home for all that time, had been the scene of both births and deaths j and by the time that their eldest son was twenty- five, and Ena a pretty, gray-eyed damsel of twenty, there was but one other child, Bijou, a fragile, petulant self- willed, little mortal of twelve, left to share with the other two their parents' love. For that she bad not an equal claim with Dick to talk of ' father and mother,' Ena never dreamt. The immediate removal of the family from the Hampshire curacy to the York shire town had of coarse made the keeping of Jack's secret a comparatively easy matter ; the more so since, from | the day he received it nntil the present, Sir George Daintry had designed to take no notice of the letter which gave faim information as to the existence and present position of htB grandchild. So Ena had grown np exactly as her I father desired, regarding herself as tbe eldest daughter of the house, and claim- ( lug as her right the affection which sbe l most folly returned. Never for one moment had either husband or wife regretted the adoption of the baby, who i had won for herself 60 warm a corner in | their hearts. | As to Dick, before he left home, four 'years ago, he had believed that the world contained no one so bright and hopeful and lovely as his sister Eaa. In which, of coarse, he was mistaken. But his was a pardonable error, and one to be rather cultivated tbau discouraged on the part of brothers.aa a race. Except for the loss of the little ones, npon whose waxen faces hot tears bad fallen, %gd each of whom existed still as a memory in at least two hearts, poverty had been the one tronble that had fallen upon the vicarage. The small private, means which had emboldened > Mr. Russell to accept bis present in cumbency had some time ago been swallowed up in the failure of a bank. Happily, Dick had then just completed his university course, and was already looting oat for a tutorship, which might tide over the period that must elapse before' be should be of age to follow in his father's footsteps and take Holy Orders. And upon the very morning that brought tidings of the crash, there came also a definite offer of a post, with a salary so tempting that under tbe circumstances, it could not be refused ; even although the condition attached to it — that he must undertake not to leave IUO pujjll UU till bU« AiUJ U1 VHIIICUUSUWUtu have passed his seventeenth birthday- must have tbe effect of delaying Dick's own ordination. The lad of whom he thus received the : charge wae extremely delicate, requiring constant change of air and scene, alwaye away from England. Therefore their Iohgcampamon8hip,now -drawing to a close, had been spent by both pupQ and tutor in almost inceseant travelling, which had never once brongbt them within sight of home. And at the present moment, when .Dick's long- desired return was actually approaching, there was mbch anticipation and counting of days in Denleigh vicarage. ' No letter this ' morning, from him,' remarked Ena, standing, tail and slim, beside, the already deserted breakfast table; and torning .over the small pile of recently arrived ' correspondence. ' V J _ XL.l 'IJIBOMIB U MUAMAM Lan \- l uaresay i/uau A' i»h ja-uuoi <> mm takfiD kim off oh a freeh wildgoosephaee to the other, end of the world,' grumbled Bijou, of the long lashes, and — troth to teli— rather vain air, Dick isn't free for three weeks yei; remember, and that boy "will hayefris pound of flesh !' _ ' What :«a unpleasant comparison," 'remarked .her tatter, who had just ;enter ;' 'ahd' epe<naily in regard to Frank Robert?, who really has been";M good'asold to Dlek. — Milly, my dear, Apropos rif gold,, prav, '. .where ; did you , puttiiat mbney tbat Heft on my =etudy table yesterday .morning ! r-And, -Eoa, will you gqt out my thin overcoat ? Real! yit is . too "warn? for the. thick- tone, : ? . J Shall;! prrtlawayither)tiier, dad f . ' . . - " ' or twice at night even yet. — But about the money, Mildred? ' I didn't aee any, Charlie. I wish I had f with just her old, merry laugh. How much and what was it for 1 — Don't look eo bothered, old fellow.' ' But really I am bothered. It was too large a sum to lose, dear. Wakelin brought it yesterday for the pupil- teachers salaries, and that I might get rid of the National .Society's account. There was over twenty pounds. I most have left it on my table, when I was called away to baptise Mrs. Brown's child. 1 paid Clarke on my way home, I remember.' Mildred nodded. Clearly, she under stood all abont Clarke. « nen j. returned, tne otner matter had escaped my memory completely. The money most have gone though, during my absence, or the eight of such a pile would have reminded me. I never thought of it again until I wanted to take it down to the schools, and tbeo It had vanished. Only I made sure that von had if. ' Not I ! — Bnt you've dropped it in side a drawer or somewhere. IU come and help you to hunt.' With which she slipped her arm through hie,aud rubbing herhead caressingly against his shoulder, looked up into hie worried connteuance with a smile. If any one could chase away gloominess from that face, where /.( 1., I J! ' ... " "« j. cioons were apt someumee to gather too quickly, it was certainly Mildred ; just as surely as Charles was her consoler in those moments of weariness and depression which fall to the lot of high-apirited beings like herself. ' It will be in the middle drawer, at the top of everything. Now see if I am not right!' sbe told bim cheerily. But the prophecy unfortunately proved a false one. And even Mrs. Russell begad to look'grave when, after empty ing every familiar receptacle and customary hiding-place, she had to acknowledge that if her husband had, in a fit of abstraction, deposited the money in some safe corner, he must have taken remarkable pains in making a selection. 1 1 wouldn't care so much if Wakelin hadn't had a hand iu it. But he ia always so particularly unpleasant to deal with.' 'Not much worse than some of the rest,' responded Mrs. Russell. For the south-coontrybred folk had never grown accustomed to their side, neither of the pair were favourites. Aod the - constant intercourse with the brusque, unrefined neighbours bad neither blinded 'fpasson' to Yorkshire tailings nor altogether opened Yorkshire eyes to Hampshire virtues. Hence a state of constant friction, es unsatisfactory as it was irritating. ' Found it, mother i' came at tbat moment in Ena'a brioht voice. » chn stood io the doorway. ' No i Then let us call Jane. She may have moved it' But Jane, a respectable, middle aged woman of scrupulous honesty, which had etood the test of ten years in her present situation, professed herself as igoorant as the rest of the world. And gradually perplexity merged into anxiety. ' I must be off ; my chicks will be waiting,' cried Ena at last. Daring eighteen months she had held tbe post of governess to the two yonng daughters of the same Mr. Wabeliu whom the vicar bad just characterised as ' particularly unpleasant.' But, whatever tbe father's' fault-", Eoa loved the children, and anticipated with genuine pleasure the hours spent each day iu their instruction. It was a large aod important as well as perfectly new house, that towards which, five minutes later, sbe was hastening. 'None o' your old, nasty, pokey cribs for me,' Joseph Wakelin had declared, immediately after the lucky coup in iron which bad bronght him his fortoDP. Whereupon he had set to work to build this red brick, impos ing, comfortable, vulgar edifice, which he had then staffed fall of furniture, upholstered iu startling colours, but affording the maximum of physical ease. Nowhere could eofas and couches be fonnd of less artistic form, of cruder hue, or with more irreproachable springs and cushions than at " The Hall," the designation displayed in scrolls of iron work above every gate. It eo happened that, quite out of the usual order of things, Ena tbat morning encountered the master of all tine splen dour upon his own doorstep. ' Late, ain't I ? he exclaimed, re cognising her presence by a simple nod. But Eaa wae not so thin-ekinned as Mildred. Possible residence amongst these folk from childhood had blnnted her perception of |heir peculiarities. ' Wasn't particular bright'this morning, so I slept iu. The chaDges in the weather don't suit foe. It's like a furnace to-day, and so it wasyesterday. Howyourtather manages to walk about in that Inverness of his beats me ? Ena langhed. The vicar's hatred of tbe cold was a constant source of wonder to his hardier fiock. 'He's got his thinner coat to-day,' she retorted. 1 Even he thought the other too heavy. I hope yon'll be all right eoon.' 'Thanks. By the way, if I go to the schools, shall I he likely to find his reverence I I rather fancy the walk there instead of going to the office,' with -a guffaw at his own confession of idleness. I trust eo, I'm sure. Bat when I started, all the house was upset search ing for the pnpil-teachera'. mislaying things ; and money is ho exception.' With which she passed on, never guessing at the suspicions already at work within her employer's brain. .And that chap Clarke IB bothering for his bill. What made .'RusBell so ui— a- i. ; ,.t, -r uiuuoiiu .|nowiu|j mi iinvv.vawitiiQwau vi a cheque, as "he always has had afore f I've fancied at whiles as pride would have atall. Maybe it's tumbling now.' I And though he did not add ' Hope as mnch.!' it is qnite probable that his sentiment that the vicar would never, admit hlm tp -the confidence and in timacy qf an equal—fior cl ass-prlde .was certainly -ga great .a taUmg hpon the part of Chadea" Rneaell as ' was ! purse- jitide. npon that of Joseph Wakelin— had Jong ago rnflnenced hlB mind against the tnan whose .ole mma wealth wbhld tat have afforded htm a week's income. , To ho able to ;riesptie the clergyman as he - believed that he was dgpieed — unacknowledged amMtioiL V Almost he tahtied tiut he n'ita fulfil- 1 satand talkedoverthsetrange occurrence of the vanished money with the vicar in his stndy. ' I can find tbe coin nowhere. Mrs. Russell and I have seaiched the house from cellar to garret. If it bad flown to the clonds it could not have dis appeared more unaccountably, 'exclaimed tbe clergyman, whose pallid face and red-rimmed eyes told of a sleepless night ' I can't imagine what to do next in the matter.' ' Then you don't deny yon had it from me? 'Danyf Wbat do you meao, air? firiog up 'nstautly. 'Of coarse I had it Yonr insinution ' 'Ob, blow my insinooation,' coarsely. vrnat aoouc ourgiars i Charles Russell drew himself up; bnt, though his voice was cold and his face hard, he still replied to the question. In truth, he understood already the false position in which this loss had placed him, and realised tbat his reputation demanded an answer to all inquiries, howsoever unpleasant. 'Very unlikely, though still possible.; The window is not .on the ground-floor. And auy one entering from the hall during the daytime could scarcely tail to be observed. Tbongfa, as I have said, it is just possible that might have been managed.' ' Any servants ? xuere is oniy jaue. au roe parish is acquainted with her, and would vouch for her integrity. No I Whoever was tile thief, it was not Jane.' « He's a fool,' -the other decided, listening and- watching. ' TTaa he used it I At least he'd better try and throw the blame somewhere. But no ! He'll save bis conscience tbat far.' Tben aloud, with a look of tbe utmost insolence : ' So the scamp is as usual ' Mr. Nobody, or the cat'— with a ecoffiog laugh that positively chilled the blood in his com- panions's veins. This man, with all his presumption, would never venture to be have with such freedom bad not his vicar fallen very low in his estimation. So the clergyman believed, at any rate. But even now he was not preD&red; for what was to follow. ' Look here, Russell,' the other said, bending forward iu bie chair and speak ing with a show of indulgent good nature. 'I understand. I'm just as cocksure as you are that Clarke's bill was settled within an hour after I left this house ! I'm out and out certain, too, that you haven't twenty pounds to repay — well, call it tbe loan ! You make a friend of me, aod I'll do my best for you. Come now. 'Tain't every man would, after as moch.' Nor, had tbe confidence been accorded, woold he have betrayed the trust. Only to be recognised and acknowledged by tbe vicar as a benefactor was his sole deBire. He had reallv no wish to Lbh the cleric in the eyes of the world, or to see pretty Ena's father — he was quite fond of Eua, he assured himself at this point — publicly dishonoured. For a few seconds there was silence in the room, a silence which could be felt. Theo, very elowly, and with a face of ashen whiteness, Charles RuBsell rose to his feet. ' Sir ! Mr. Wakelin 1' he thundered. ' Do yon dare to harbour such an opinion of me, and to tell me of it to my face 1 Go ? pointing to the door, 'go, and do your worst f But never cross my threshold again.— Go !' as the other, iu pure astonishment at tbe outburst, remain motionless. ' Again I command yon, go, lest 1 forget my office, and kick yon out of tbe door !' ' Father, there's a gentleman named Daintry down-atairs in the drawing- room, who ia very anxions Oh, I beg yonr pardon ! I thought yon were alone,' were the words that interrupted this crisis, giving Mr. Wakelin time to gather his wits together, and falling like cooling drops upon the flame of the clergyman's ire. But it was tbe manufacturer who replied to Ena's announcement ' He will be in a- second ! I'm off ! And don't you suppose I'll ever bother yon with another offer of help. The missis can find some on better than a thief's daughter to teach my little gals. Good-morning to you.' With which part ing shot he departed, stampiog down the stairs in a fury, and Blammiug the hall door behind him j yet carrying away a conviction, .which had been growiog stronger during every moment of the interview, a conviction of Charles Russell's entire innocence. That it was a conviction which he intended neither to act upon nor admit, did not in tbe least prevent hie recognition of its presence in his most unwilling mind. CHAPTER UL ' Wbat ou earth does he mean? cried Ena, as soon as the eonud of that stormy exit had died away. Until that moment, neither of the two whom Wakelin had left behind had spoken. The vicar threw back bis still hand some bead, and answered with a sort of fiery dignity which wonld have satisfied the greatest sceptic of his guiltlessness. Ajb to Ena, however; sbe needed no snch assurance ; 'He means that I stole, actually stole, that abominable money ! 1 1' My dear father !' with incredulous surprise. ' Yes ; it Is a absurd charge P So absurd,indeed,thatnow he could actually laugh at the remembrance of it, the ex- citemeut of the moment leaving no room for apprehension of any consequences which might ensne. ' I am not sure whether I may not even find myself compelled to prosecute . the msn. for slander. I must take a lawyers opinion npon that. — Who did yon say, by the way, wanted me down-staira f The girl displayed a card, which she tieil kfian' all flic firnn f mcitnri knTirann ubu vs>uu q>u sum -vtuiv wwmwug 4iouw6cu her fingers. But she looked grave. PerhapB a prevision of the dangers ahead had come to her inure quickly than the vicar, in his indignant exalta tion of spirit, ' 'Only a Mr. Daintry. " " Marmadnke Daintry,"' .she read aloud, absently. Then: 'But how wicked of Mr. Wakelin to utter snch words. Snppoae Jane' or any one had overheard them !' ' They'll have every ch&noe; in future, I Imagine,' somewhat grimly, aa the engy sparkle in his eyes slowly faded-' ' But Mr. Daintry ! Why— — .. . Of course I'll go to faim. . Surely, surely it can never be Jack come to life again after ell these . years.' ' Id the' curious agitation caused by this eecbnd dtbek, following so qnickly npon tiie first, snch I qo credible, and he never noticed the difference in the Christian names. It was, however, a person altogether nnlike the tell, genial lad whom he so well remembered as his boyish playmate, and equally unlike the gray-haired, Btalwart individual into whom time might have transformed that familiar friend, who torned from examining a photograph of Eoa as the vicar entered the drawingroom. And Mr. Rnssell actually started as he beheld a rather stout, dapper, remarkably well- dressed man of about thirty coming quickly for ward, with a look of the utmost ease and self possession, to return his host's greeting. ' Of coarse you don't know me f How Bnouta you » one guest exclaimed heartily. ' Never set eyes on me before. And yet I bear tbat yon have a cousin of mine in your own house, treated as your daughter ! Awfully good of you, really ! Can I see ber at once ? His mingled calm assurance and eager presumption almost took Mr. Ruesell's breath away. For many a long day he had scarcely ever remem bered the facts of Ena'a birth, or thought of her iu any different light from (hat in which ehe regarded herself — ss his own eldest daughter. No' marvel, then, that, instead of speaking, he simply stared. But Marmadnke was folly equal to that trifling embarrassment. Asun c wonaer you re surprised. Never was more bo myself till yesterday, when Sir George's — my grandfather he was, yon understand — will was read, and I fonnd ont that soch a person as my cooBin existed and fionrisbed. Lawyers explained, and seemed qnite up in tbe subject. But Fd never heard a syllable abont her, not a syllable, I assure you ! Frightfully bad form of the old boy to let her spunge on yon all these years, whilst he kept me in the dark too, and then to leave ber every stiver he could alienate from the estate, don't yon know ? Gradually dawn was breaking upon tbe clergyman's brain, almost sinnoed aB thongb it had been with two succes sive blows. 'Sir George Daintry is dead, then? he managed to insert between the last sentence and that which he conld see already hovering npon his companion's lips. ' A week ago and qnite time too. Ob, beg pardon.' with a laugh, both amused and heartless. ' Really, he was so specially ill-tempered '—— De mortuis ' began Mr. Russell solemnly. Oh yes ! Very wrong of me. But to return to Eoa. I've come a9 quickly as trains would bring me, to see her, and fetch her boms. My mother eaya that of course it's the only thing. Proper sphere, aud ail that, don't you know ? Evidentlv delicacv was not the sentis- nian's strong point. But it was a lack upon which Mr. Russell did not feel himself called again to comment. In stead, he aBked a question, or tried to do so. ' Your father ' ' Died when I was a shaver. He was Sir- George's eldest eonj don't you know? and owing to this clearance, I'm the head of the family now,' drawing himself np to bis full, thoogh not very imposing, height of five feet six. ' Ab no ! Title isn't on my 'card,' observing Mr. Russell's glance. 'Haven't had time to have fresh ones printed yet. So much to do, you see. And that reminds me — muao't dawdle here all day. By the way, I ought to have a letter for you somewhere. The lawyers fanoiad you might waot credentials or such sort of rot. Thoogh, naturally, I said that was rubbish.' The signature of tbe note which be finally produced and handed over to its owner happened to be known to tbe vicar or tbat of a most respectable firm of London solicitors ; whilst its wording was plain enough to dispel any doubts as to the bearer's identity, as well as with regard tohis news of Ena's fortune. Before Mr. Russell bad reached the close of tho few curt, business-like lines, he understood how completely altered were the prospects of tbe girl who had been to him as a daughter ; and ia spite of an aching in his heart at the idea of what this change must mean for Mildred and himself, had made np his mind how to act. ' Are you aware that Ena is iu utter ignorance of her parentage !' he said, addressing the Baronet, who, too rest less to stand still, had during the short eilence wandered- off again in tbe direction of the piann,and was diligently examining the moeic scattered abont its lid. ' Is she? Oh, well, that's soon pot right. Let me try the effect of three sentences,' with another laugh. ' See here : ' Eua, my dear,' I should tell her, 'Fin your cousin, Sir Marmadnke Daintry ; and yonr name is the same as my own, You're a rich woman too, and must ' Eb, what? ' I was trying to intimate,' with solne sarcasm, '(hat I cannot allow that method of proceeding. Though yon appear unable to comprehend its pos sibility, it is a tact that the intelligence tbat ehB is not my child, and is without natural claim upon my wife's love, will come as a terrible grief to Ena. There fore, £ must choose my own time and mode for explaining matters both to her and to Mrs. Russell,' Oniy by dint of indomitable per severance did the clergyman succeed in getting eo far. Four times at least hie audience had sought to interrupt ; now he was to be kept in check no longer. ' Ob, bnt really, don't yon know ? I can't consent to this. Grief to .hear that 'she's ao heiress, and cousin to a Baronet? Bosh, my dear sir, bosh ! Had too modi to do with women to staajri' tkuf 1' 'Where has he been brought apt wae the nonttered thought in Charles RueseU'a mind, One experts some gentlemanly feeling and behaviour from a man of hie standing, Bat this is a regular bear.' , Alond, however,- he merely responded, with "cold dignity sufficient to quell even Joseph Wakelin; I have told you my fixed decision.' . . -Sir Marmadnke shrugged ' his ' shoulders; He could eoarcely object farther to the wishes of the man. "who for twenty years had carried out a 'doty Wiich of .tight shonld have been under- taken hy hie .own neglectful tamlly. Yet the resolate words angeredhim. .< Then am lhbtfo -Bee her at all? ;graffl>. o.dldypu be at . liberty ina-eek'i'tiihe to retmni, we shall be happy to teeny? you, - oqably, . if jo the meantime Mrs. Russell has heard from yonr mother, yon may be able to persuade Eua to visit your home and make the acquaintance of yonr people. I do not wish to keep her from those to whom she stands in such near relation ship. But' ' And, just so ! I understand,' throw ing off the snllenneBs which had for a moment clouded his features. 'The mater wanted to write before, bnt I said where was the need for ceremony between relatives? This day week, (hen, for Ena Afterwards, ehe aod I, don't yon know ? may have a good deal to do with each other. Good-bye, good bye.' And absolutely before Mr. Russell nau quire graapea one meaning or that final hint and smiling nod, the man was in the hall, through tbe door, and out npon the pavement of the street. When,, however, at length the laudable inten tions of tbe Baronet did make them selves plain to the vicar, be smiled. 'Fortunately, we can trast Eoa's taste,' he muttered, half aloud. ' But wbat will sbe and "Mildred say to such a part ing as (his may involve ?' This was a problem very epeedily to be tested, for, as he stood their ponder ing It, the door of the dining-room un closed, and the sound of women's voices in earnest conversation reached his ears. In another second his wife and their auopuen aaognrer entered wgecner. So entirely had tbe latter interview driven away for the moment all re membrance of that which had im mediately preceded it, that helooked at the two grave, troubled countenances with wonder. Could they have over heard? Did they guess ? But Mildred's exclamation immediately enlightened him. ' Ob, my dearest !' she cried, coming close np to him and throwing her two arms round btm, as though to shield the man ehe loved from all trouble, ' bow dared Wakelin say each an awful tbiug ? It was one of her husband's character istics that though he could be and often was spiritless and moody without any particular reason, real grief and anxiety had a tendency— at least in the first moments of trial — to brace him to meet the burden with courage. Often as it fell to -Mildred's lot to support him under protracted woiry or in imaginary woes, his wae the stronger sonl at each times as the present. And now he stooped smilingly to kiss the upturned face, passing one arm tenderly about her waiet as he did so. ' My darling, don't worry yourself ; it will all come right,' he answered. I am confident tbat the money will even yet tarn np. If not, we must make it good.' ' But your reputation, ' urged the wife. ' A clergyman is so at. the mercy of oeoDle. One breath of scandal and he is rained for ever !' It was too true, end he recognised tbe fact. Yet he still smiled. Milly, this isn't worthy of yon. My dearest, remember that I am innocent, and that, therefore, my reputation has a better Guardian than myself. As I said to Ena a little while ago, if necessary I should not heBitate to bring ao action for slander againBt Wakelin, aod tbat would, I am convinced, abundantly clear me.' ' Only it was so unlucky tbat you should have paid Clarke ! And then, too, yon specially told Wakelin to let you have gold, not a cheque, for I happened to hear you speaking of it to him in the hall. Everything is against you !' Charles Russell sighed. In the first excitement and auger with which he bad met the charge,he had not estimated the force of these details, as now, for tbe first time, he was conscious of doing. 'Well, if necessary, we must confess the troth, love, aud humble our pride to own that your single gold bracelet afforded the ways and means of pacifying Clarke ! As to the cheque, now that I have closed my banking account chequeB are most awkwardmattersto manipulate. Only last month I was vowing never to accept another for any large amount.' ' If only other people can be induced to see aod understand as we do I' He had seldom beheld his wife eo overwhelmed. And all the time he was conscious of another trial for her lurking io tbe background, acquaintance with which could scarcely be postponed. Mr. Russell's heart felt as heavy as lead. ' We mast trast that they wilt,' he answered,wltha cheerfulness he certainly did not feel. ' Bat; my dear, there is something I bare learned to day which I most tell yon. No, Ena, don't go. It concerns yon almost more than it does onrselves.' How the intelligence was finally broken fierhaps none of the three ever exactly knew. To watch -the look of pain deepening in Ena'e eyes as he unfolded his tale, to feel (he heaving of Mildred's bosom as he pressed her to hie side, and still to be obliged to continue bis story, made that hour one of the hardest in Charles Russell's not very easy life. But the words .were uttered at last. Ena had been made to comprehend that though the love which had alwaya surrounded her still remained, her claim upon it bad vanished. She saw herself, rich indeed in the public esteem, but deprived by cne stroke of father, mother, sister, and brother. And the whole of the little world in which hitherto the girl had lived aud moved seemed suddenly to be split and rent to its foundations. With a sobbing cry, ehe sank down on her knees before Mildred, who was sitting on the conch, and bnried her face in that familiar lap. A poor consolation seemed the promised fortune for all that she was losing ! 'Oh, mother, mother,' sbe wailed, ' don't desert me like thiB !' Soch en entreaty could meet with bnt one response. , In another moment sbe was iwowiug wu sue MUIO vieNli WUCIti, iUtig ago, she had wept ont her woes, end Mildred's teats mingled themselves with her own. ' My sweet child, we shall never desert yon, Your father left you to us, and we have alwaye loved, you. Do you think anything could separate us now ?' she whispered reassuringly ; whilst her hnBbahdtook a short walk to the window, and then brushed his handkerchief two or. three times across bis face before applying it; .with oaten tatlo n, to its more legitimate use. Arid just aB Diisk is on tfw way home, too. Qb. imether. what will Dfek say ?. 2/pldred shook her head. 'Poor Dick! It will he as sad retain for hiin altogether, Fm afrald. Troubles never i hot to-day has brought worqtfcwuta share,! do think,' ' Though one can quite suppose tbat some people, with more sense than we've got, might regard Ena's legacy as a mitigating circumstance,' spoke np Mr. RuBsell from his station across the room. But notwithstanding the raillery, he did not turn bis brad, or for the moment expose his own countenence to inspection. ' Legacy ! What's a legacy ? from the ungrateful recipient. ' Who can suppose that money would make up for all that this has taken from me ? Oh dad, yon will care for me still ? Aud eo the scene went on, nntil gradually they had talked themselves into at least a partial realisation of the atate of the case, and some slight resignation to its obligations. For that you ought to accept Mrs. Daintry's invitation, and visit her, there's no doobt,' the vicar declared. 'Mrs. -Daintry ? Oh, the Baronet's mother. What a trial for her to mi« being my lady,' remarked Ena with a laugh, which, though bnt the ghost of her usual gay ripple, at least told of returning spiritB. ' And how do you like Sir Marmadnke, father ? You did not mention that.' A difficult question to answer with combined truth and civility to the absent. Happily, however, whilst he hesitated, Mr. Russell was spared the need for reply. With a fling the drawing- room door was throwo open, and Bijou danced in, dragging a tall, well-eet-up youug man by one hand, and sending her announcements ahead in her shrillest tones. ' It's Dick,' she screamed. 'I was diggingweeds np in mygarden,and fonnd him, and he'a come home to stay. He says so 1' Even Ena's troubles and Joseph Wakelin's suspicions were forgotten in the delight of tbat meeting and greeting. And Dick's protest tbat he wasn't a weed himself, whatever Bijou might consider him, was smothered in his mother's embrace. (To be concluded. ) 