CHAPTER II., AND A SOUTHERLY DUSTER. 'Mr dear Forrester, how do you stand this weather?' 'My dear Hastings, how do you get about in it,'was the counter query. ' "Well, old fellow, I feel decidedly hipped, prostrated. This climate in the hot slim- mer months is absolutely killing. And' yet I am colonial-born, and so it sliould come natural to me. Tis passing strange.' And the young clergyman, with a sigh, flung himself into an easy chair, and unfast- ened his tight-fitting black cloth coat. "I tell you what it is, Hastings, you are overworking yourself. Those early services on a fasting stomach-the length of time you spend every day in the vilest purlieus bf this ostra vile city, in' trying to do good to those who will not be done good by, Btrive you ever so hard-and the hours you steal from the night for study are all telling on you, my friend ; so just take the , advice bf an acquaintance and doctor in one, and curb yourself in a little," said Prank forrester, as he proffered his cigar-case. ' " Oh, Prank, I can't curb myself in. It's not my nature. I must go at everything in earnest, or leave it alone. However,", with a bright and somewhat humorous smile, " I've i just been allowing myself a little relaxation,1 i though I'm not at. all certain that I wasn't too impetuous." - i l swear -you did,the thing that was right "What was it ?" . " Well, I've thrashed a great hulking brute within an inch of his life for kicking a dog. I dare say I should have pre ached: to him, hut I couldn't think of. a text suitable to the occasion, and the poor dumb brute looked up so wistfully at me, with his broken leg dangling, constituting mo his champion as it were, that my fists seemed all at once to act independently of my head, and it never occurred to me how I was disgracing my cloth until I had knocked the rascal three times following into the. ; gutter, when ; he thought fit to lie still and give me time for reflection. I'm afraid I'm perfectly un- fitted for my calling." ?; " By George, I don't ? I shouldn't wonder if you saw. your late antagonist at Church next Sunday. Muscular Christianity tells with some ? kind of people amazingly-:with me for ono," said Prank; " Ah, but it waB horrible to hear the gath- ered crowd . crying , out, "Go it parson!" " Now one for his eye I" " Bravo I" and all that sort of thing, though I'm really afraid that I enjoyed it at the time. And then when 'twas over the roughs were for carrying me through the street .on their , shoulders. I assuro you I with difficulty got away.'' ? Prank Porrestor threw himself back on the sofa, and. laughed consumedly at this, but amidst his laughter he gasped out-? "Some of the mob, must have laid hands on you, and by no. means clean ones either.. Why, you are all over mud, my boy 1" "Oh, don't lay that to thoir charge. That cornes .from the poor dog. I had to fish him out of the gutter, which was a very foul one, and carry him to where I could have his leg tended, for he waa very much hurt indeed. .However, after, buying him a pennyworth,of cat's meat on the way, I at last got him to old Dickson, the vet s, who says that.he'll be all right in a month, BO that things might have boen wors*e.'- . . ' Was he; a valuable brute that you took all these pains with lum? ¡ - ?? ,: 'No, he was a cross-bred bull-pup, with- out a tail ; but I : expect he felt his hurt as much as though he had been a greyhound or a lady's pet. The worst of it is, as I turned into George-street, I met tho Bishop.. I don't think he knew me, though he ordained mo only last Sunday, for he never stopped to Bpoak. He stared quite hard, as if he had a dim recollection, of my. face, but I think something must have occurred to trouble him-that never-ceasing cathedral annoyance perhaps, for he looked very dis- agreeable.' 'Yes, I dare say it was the cathedral annoyance, said tho young doctor, hurriedly, though in his own mind he shrewdly guessed that the bishop's disagreeable looks had beon caused by seeing one of his clergy carrying a dirty » bull pup ! in his arms through the principal street of the metro- polis, for tho prelate in question was "more proud than pious, and a great sticker for dignity. :i . His friend was in too great a worry about the occurrence, however, for him to hint at anything that would cause him still more uneasiness, BO he* Baid cheerfully, yet in rather a a hurt tone 4 Why, I ' didn't know that you were going : in for priest's orders _ yet a while. What made you keep it a secret from me ?' . ' Oh, I thought you would worry your- self about my possible failure in passing my theological exam. But now that is over it is only left you to congratulate me, which is an easy and I hone a pleasant task. In tho course of a month I am to bo appointed vicar of St. Mary's, the little church m Par ramatta-street. . ?' 'Well, I do congratulate you, though I wish your work lay in a better parish. St. Mary's is an abominable neighbourhood.' 'Christ came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance, and the neigh- bourhood whore the weeds grow the thick est is most in need of the husbandmai replied^ Edgar Hastings, his dark eyeB su denly lighting up with enthusiasm. 'And now, my dear friend,' he added, ' come to tho object of my visit, I want . I begin my new labours with fresh vigour i ? mind and body, and to win them I think may afford myself a short holiday. Whet had I better go ? I want your advice upo tho subject.' 'By jove ! just the very thing,' exclaime Prank Forrester. 'I advise you to go i for a month of healthy, active station Hf I've jost had an invitation to spend th Christmas at Harry Ogilvie's place, Cooloc murra, and I was to be sure to bring anothc old friend with me. He mentioned yo particularly-here's his letter, and I shoul be delighted indeed to have you for a travel ling companion.' : Tm sure you shall, then-BO Cooloo murra be it. Poor old Harry, he was a grea favourite of mine. Dear me, what : duffer he was in the boat, and how he usei to hate my slow underhand bowling. Hi was a good bat though, for all that. I sh al be delighted to renew his acquaintance. Ii that his likeness you have there ?' ' No, his sister's,' replied Frank, pro ducing it, though not without a certain heal tation and confusion; 'or, at least, so hi says, though I think be must have poppet! in his-ladylove's by mistake.. I can't thins little Toffee-fingers, as I used to call her all angles, freckles, and general. gawkinesE -can ; have developed during three shori years into a beautif ul(girl like that, can you?] * "VVell, I hardly, know., I have never Been the young .lady, remember, but our colonial maidens change from children into women with marvellous celerity., This is the por- trait of a beautiful girl of. fifteen. . Well, three years ago she would have been twelve, just a toffee-finger , age, and as naturally awkward and angular as she is now won-. dTously. and j dangerously beautiful.' s ' , ?» '., t 'By, .Tove? it may be'.Maud after .all, then.,, Can- it he little Maud, I.' wonder ? How. strange if so ! .. Xet' me, have' another squint .at the i carte, Hastings. 7 Egad ! I seem to. remember, those . eyes, and . that saner, half-defiant smile,' also. Tea," it must be Maud, I declare.,, But how do you make her out to be dangerously beautif ul-eh ?' : , ' Ob, J did not . mean to ordinary mortals -I meant to d.priést,.whoin St.'Paul recom- mends not to marry.'; .^We ministers of Christ, are' told.; to leave ali for Christ's sake,, and, to. devote ourselves entirely to His service! There, cari be no doubt about that.' . '. . , .' ..: : ". ' < .'According! to your reading: but it maj be the,wrong onefold fellow!' ' , ;-' . .' Not so, the instruction is top positive He who marries doeth well, but he who doti not marry doeth better./ There are a dozer other texts to the same' purport;' ¿nd thei there is (¡he example'pf the; other Apostles, none of whom married ' after ;. becoming disciples ot the'Lord. "With'what different feelings we should''penétrate11 thé haunts where fever and cholera rage did we know that by doing so wé might' carry the infec- tion borne, and 'bring death' upon those we dearly loved !( 'If such fears; do not; make us' »brink from, : our Work they" would yet disturb'our :thpughtB,:which! should ever be concentrated/ on' duty,'; and! duty'only.! . Do you not 'follow me ?' ?;!'-'?;'. ...,( J ' Tes, but ;r don't' agree with you afc alli According to your grounds, '? and >' for - the same reasons, a doctor ought not to marry .-eh?' .....--?..!'. i^./^ ' No man ought to marry,'in'my opinion, who carries' his life in his - hands ; . ¡ but a priest,' in 'additipo,- should .keep'' single, because, ' as ¡ St. Paul says, / 'He who 'is single thinketh how he shall please God, and' he who is: married .thinketh:how: he shall please his wife,'and I, may ..God for- give me, feel that did I once permit myself to love a woman--a young girl rather-such as that,' pointing to the.carte that lay on the table, ' I should love her idolatrously, and to the extinction of all other affection. Ah! Prank, I'm a curious fellow ;. you don't half know rae yet. . I,have to- keep<many a rebellious feeling under control, or it would rise and master me ;' and the young clergy- man groaned in the acuteness of his .mental. anguish. .- .. > . ? ? ':' -.ï.v / * My dear Hhstings, you are stronger than you tLink.. A* couple, of liver pills would make you regard matters voryi differ- ently. You are) dyspeptic, and hang me if you shan't take the pills though 1,stand over.you : with a revolver., . Then off home, and pack up, and. a month at Cooloomurra will make a new man of you,' laughed Prank. . M don't think L can accompany you ito Cooloomurra-really I don't.', .. - ,>.«. ,1. > ' Oh, but you've i promised you1 will, and I've never known you to broak > your word.' : '"Will you give me a counter-promise, provided I consent to. go P' . ? : :;...fi... ' Oh, yea, any amount of,them-BO just draw, out a list.' ..>,?. f.No, no-one will suffice.. It is simply that, you .will try. to keep.,me ? out of'.the society of. that young' lady; as much as pOSSiblo.' ... ' ..."I.!.'..". .!?? ?.: .: ."' I .'.Ohl yes, ? that I-will, for I feel half j inclined to fall in - love with her, myself, more especially if it really should be little 1 Maud.' .' ? ?<????.:: .. .. 'That is right-that is right, for L really do not think that I. could wrong a friend. Oh ! ; Prank, I am not. as other men .are., i Oh ! ;Prank. Oh !. my God, (his voice < ris I ing to a wild wail), ' 1 am not as other ,mon I are.. Were I not a clergyman-were I not a priest-yet even then I could never. dare attempt to win a woman's love-never [ dream of allying my miserable fate to one of those bright beings, who, when pure and beautiful are little below tho angels- for a great, a horrible curse is on me, and a groat a horrible mystery hangs over me..'. h en- tered the Church that the Church might I help me to bear it, and to grapple with it like a, man-to overcome it-BO conquer it in time, perhaps, with God's help-who knows ? . ... ?: ... And crossing his arma upon the table -be hid his face in them and wept like a child. . . Frank Forrester let him weep on, much wondering at his tears, but never trying to check them, for he was too good a doctor to Beek to check ' nature s greatest relief ; but he puffed'viciously away at his cigar, marvelling what Edgar Hastings, who, in his mind, was one of the noblest and best fellows, in the whole world, could possibly have to reproach himself with. ' Overwork, nerves unstrung, decidedly hypochondriacal. Phosphorus, chloro- form, and steel-that's what he wants, backed up by pure country air : and that's what ho shall have, too,' ho at last muttered to himself. As though by way of response, there at that moment came a gust of' wind that caused the casomcnt to rattle, every other window and door of the house rapidly fol- lowing suit. ' The hot wind has blown itself out, and here cornea the southerly buster to take its place. Dear me, how dark it has suddenly grown,' continued Erank, rising and walking to the window. He hauled up the venetian blinds, and looked out. A black cloud was sweeping across the red lurid sky-a vast black cloud, that looked like a velvet pall. He saw the flags of the men-of-war in Farm Cove stream out as it approached. It floated over the towers and spires and warehouses of the city, bringing with it a cold chilly blast that came sweeping along the streets, driving a cloud of dust before it. Then a few great fat drops of rain fell quickly increasing in a plashing torrent. Erank throws open the window, and in comes the southerly buster, ejecting the hot sulphurous atmosphere in a twinkling, and as it does so Edgar Hastings rises to his feet, with every trace of his recent emo- tion as thoroughly vanished as the hot' wind itself. Even the lips smile that have BO lately quivered. ..'??;?. 'Forgive me for what I have said,;old fellow; and-forget it, too. I was. hot exactly myself,' said he, apologetically;' and' then, brightening up still more; he added ' what lovely weather ,we will have after all for our trip 1'. CHAPTER III. 1 BAILED UP IN THE BUSH. A MAU. coach, painted in scarlet and , gold, and in shape móre''like' a'lcircuB'-l)árid car- riage, is dashing through, the'!Australian bush at the rate of twelvo miles an; hour, albeit there ÍB no perceivable road,' and the ground ÍB as uneven 'and hillocky as it well can be. vyi' ',>'.\' ? '.,'/,/ 'i !" \ It is drawn by five horses, and driven by a lanky and decidedly Yankee John, who wears a drab-coloured Boft felt hat, wide in the brim, and 'certainly' a : yard high in, the ! crown, who speaks to bis ' horses aB though they were' Christians, and ever ' and anon, urges them to a higher rate of speed with a rifle-like crack of his whip, which is a .short I handle, but long enough of thong in all con Bcience. \ ' ?.''!'' i No English coachman would for the life of him have attempted what this man .per- forms as an ordinary daily duty, and but few Englishmen, before gaining somo colonial experience, would have cared to have to sit beside or behind him on that non- descript vehicle, so wide from wheel to wheel, and so guileless of springs. ' . ' Now confess, Hastings, that I was right in recommending you to this trip," said the young doctor to the young clergyman,' for both were passengers by the Illawarra mail; which passed within three miles of ' Cooloo-' murra station cn, route to that garden of New South Wales., " .Why, you, lookalready. twice- the man that you did , this morning in Sydney--'pon my word you do." .'T 'y ;? 'I ' feel 'twice the. man, too,':Forrester.; The air is so pure and fresh here that if gives one just such an elation of Spirits as á couple of glasses of ^ood; champagne will, some- times '? db.: : ' Tt is ? trujy, delightful, almost heavenly." 1 '!;'; '?'? 'a';lj''-| ; ' Don't'you wish that; your dutieB lay ! amongst such scenes?' ? ¡ 'No,'Frank; I'do'not, for there'is hot BO rnuch.work/to be'done...' A country'parish suits' the declining health and. rigour of an old1'man. 'A younjg' one should set himself the work of attacking the devil in his strong- holds, the great cities. ? Were'heatthe put> set of his career to settle in places like this he would be like the idle servant who hid his talent in the ground.' : 'I assure you, Hastings, the country dis- tricts'have their sinners.' .? '? "?.? * ; ;. : ' Yes, but' not ' in the same proportion as the towns, s The youngest . and strongest 'soldiers of the cross should throw themselves into the thickest of ' the ' Btrife, eke they are unworthy of [the weaponB entrusted to them.' j 'Well,' well, perhaps you1 are right; but talking of weapons, I trust'that you have a carnal ; one . about; you in'. the shape of a' revolver, for(a very prince'of sinners'.iri: the shape of a" bushranger is not at all unlikely toiturn up on this road,1 and I fear heVould take little heed of your pious exhortations.' > i ''Do'you,: think'Bucha rencontre ''? at all likely ?'/ stammered Hastings. : ? ' i 1 j ' JÜBt'as'iiköly is not.' The 'Wollongong mail was stuck up the night before'last, you know,;1 sp;why shouldn't. the Illawarra ' one bé'étuekÜp.tp- higbt? 'They say that'Blue'j Cap has B worn'be will hold this roád a whole !week,\'; notwithstanding'5 all' the mounted police in' New South ' Wales,' replied For- rester;'.'.'' ' ,?'.'''?íi;.^ ' ''':; 'r}:'i!. ..'-'?':*? ' ; ' Good God! is it possible ?' gasped tho .young clergyman1'; and turning deadly pale,' he clung to the Bide of the' coach as though for Buppórt. ;' M' - ?" '" 'i 'Why, old fellow, whatV up?'exclaimed 'Frank Forrester,feelingly.!. 'Did1'I not 'know1 you'better,; I'should'be inclined to fancy that'the'mere mention: of a bush- ranger's name had frightened you ; but as it is/of course; I-'know - it's that confoundedly sluggish'liver of yours. ¡ Cheer up, I'll soon set ¡you to' rights;*-Here^take a wee drop 'but??of' myi brandy flask.' D-n it, < what's that?!.:: ;.".' J''.'??-.? vlii'i'M ?; . : i ' Bail upV,bail up, you white-livered'ours ! Jack Smith, pull'up your cattle, or by G-d Tili« turn; you' into six 'feet? of Yankee car- rion. . '.Gentlemen, dare, to BBOW a shooting iron ánd líll kill the lot of you; women and all-hy hell I: will ! I'm not to be trifled 'with, I ain't, for;'I'm * Blue Oap the bush-: ranger,'who never: bites unless he's barked at, and:then he just makeB his teeth meet-? he .does.' v.-V'.-ti". ! ;.'.-:ví/¡n:' t All this in a hoarse, blustering.tone,' from a' man. in,"seedy garb,< with a .beard and whiskers growing'up to his eyes,-and aa old blue flannel cricketing cap stuck jauntily on one side of his matted elf locks. ? - . ' He .had suddenly spurred a thorough-bred black racer from the rear of a patch of scrub that bordered the coach track, and here he was, barring its further passage by flourish- ing a 6-barrelled revolver in his right hand. : Jack Smith, the coachman, reined in just BB he was ordered, and then the robber rode np to the coach, shouting out in the same hoarse tones 'Now then, you pack of blasted foolß, pitch out tbe mail bags and hand over your purses, and tickers, and chains. Don't any of you rub my fur the wrong way, mind, for d-ee I'm worse nor a tiger cat when that little game's tried on. Now, look sharp, for I've little patience.' The majority of the coach passengers did look particularly sharp, for though Blue Cap had never been known yet to take life, his appearance was that of a fellow who would experience a very particular pleasure in doing so, and thus those he fell in with generally humoured him to the top of his bent. The mail-bags were accordingly pitched out; purses, watches, chains, and trinkets were handed over ; women screamed and fainted ; men swore and blasphemed who should have resisted ; and the confusion was that of Babel. Aa for Frank Forrester, he was enraged and disgusted at the pusillanimity that prevailed, and firmly resolved, too, was he that he would not be robbed with impunity, and so when Blue Cup edged his horse up to their seat in turn, he plucked forth, instead of his purse, a small pepper-box revolver, and levelled it at the bushranger's head, intending to blow his brains out. "What was his surprise when his friend Edgar Hastings seized hold of his arm, exclaiming-' No, no, you shan't kill him ; shoot me rather.' 1 Nonsense," gasped Frank, straggling desperately to release his arm ; the villain deserves a hundred deaths.1 Why, there is a reward on his head.' 1 "Nevertheless, you shan't fire at him,' said the young clergyman, tightening his grasp on the doctor's arm. ' Think of me what you will, but you shan't do it.' ;-; ." i ! 'Bravo, parson!' laughed Blue Cup; ' such splendid muscle as yours is wasted in the Church. Why he is but a baby in your hand s.' ' :i; - -.. I;: ;;-'? I ' Gb," said Edgar Hastings, for the first time turning his face towards the: outlaw, even whilst he still wrestled with Frank, i Go, ; in- God's name, lest " my purpose change, and love be conquered by duty.' ' : j ' Thunder, it's Eddy or MB ghost,' then suddenly exclaimed the bushranger, aa the moonlight shone full on the calm, rigid, and marble-white face that was turned so des- pairingly upon? him. ' '. ? i For a moment' he- reeled'in 'his saddle like a drunken man, then' he uttered a wild shriek, and wheeling his mettled racer sharp round'dashed into the deepest depths of the dark eucalyptus ' forest as1 hard as he could tear... : v ; . - -.-i :(.?;.!;?<. v' il1 ' ' ! Then: Edgar Hastings released Eranie Forrester's »rm, who looked at him as did the rest of the passengers, with surprise, not to say BUBpicion... -i >i iv-/ : . li " . 'My friends,'. said'Edgar. Hastings, draw- ing, himself < up '' . to ': his full " height,' arid regarding the perturbed- faces- sadly but proudly, 'I knew that, man when I, was a child, and he was a brave, truthful, chival- rous, and noble-heárted boy. ' He heaped kindness on' me in those bid days, and on one occasion saved my; ? life.' How, then, could I have behaved, differently to what I have: done?. Let me know the value of the things you have. been robbed of, and - poor as I am I will on myretiirh tb Sydney-as nearly as possible make it up to you. ? Let- ters addressed to the Reverend Edgaï Hast- ings; St, Mary's Vicarage, Parramatta-street, will reach me and be duly acknowledged.'- , j .Having thus spoken he sat! downland seemed to sink into a fit, of deep abstrac- tion, for though .Frank Forrester several times addressed him he elicited no reply. > ' He had best be let dream away., He is in'a delicate state of health, and > going into the country for change, of air,'' explained the doctor to such > other passengers as might perhaps have worried, his friend, either with > questions concerning the career of the, cele- brated bushranger who > had,bailed them lip, or ('with assurances that -they were not offended at > tho action he had, taken in' regard to him, and so. Hastings .was left alone. .,,'<,.; . j ,Thetunrifled moil-bag being pitched/into the coach again, away it started afresh, the Jehu relieving his/perturbed nerves with an immense quid of, tobacco. l And so on' and oin, drawing up at the principal/inn of a buBh township here and there, at' intervals wide apart, to change the horses, ' drop ' a mail- bag, and do a ; ' liquor tip,'- until;-just''os'.the sun was rising-it reached the spot where'Frank Forrester and Edgar; Hastings',were'to be'put down. 