[?] Humble carrier as I am, I read a good, deal. It's a way I have of spending a pleasant Sunday afternoon." Suits me better than listening to other people's opinions as to what is or is not- innocent amusement. I light my pipe, I draw my whiffs of smoke, and £ also draw my own conclusions without waiting for the rev. this or the learned that to. jog my: faculties. You can get over a lot of stiles m the lane of life this way if you only put the right foot foremost., I read strange things, too. Therefore I was not surprised to read in an English paper the other day that the market prices for wives at a place called Croydon was fourpence a piece. That is to say, the actual coin was not handed over, but it is on record in the local police court that an Italian musician, well known in itinerant circles, feeling thirsty, sold the partner of his joys and sorrows for a pot of four- penny beer. A further offer for his monkey, . when the contents of. the pot had vanished, he declined, on the ground that he was no longer thirsty. The paper I read gave no information as to what became of the purchased wife or the mail who bought. It only shows — aa a disagree able friend of mine once said — the ex travagant lengths to which some men will go in the matrimonial line. 'No ex pense is too heavy for them. I men tioned the matter to Dot, but she de clined to believe the story. " Too much of the flavor of beer about it for me, John." Some women are incredulous. There are funny people In this world. The cable sfrom home told the story the other day of how some rich gentleman, named Hall, had bought Cumnor-housp, in Warwickshire, from the Earl of Abingdon, as an historical mansion. He hadn't much in the way of his own ancestors, and" wanted, to rig up a show of others. There wereNauits of armor about the place, and dusty ''passages, and what was mpirethe-ghost of.my Bolsart, the wife of ETizapeih's Earl of Leicester, wda - 'supposed to haunt , the place. I can't . .say - thit/vL care about these ghostly myself, bu: every one to Kis tastes. In these spirit ualistic "astral" days Amy Rolsart in the spirit might be as well worth meeting as she was in the flesh. But so far as Mr Hall was concerned, Amy was obdurate. She declined to walk ; the same as the theatrical ghost does sometimes. She wouldn't show in the morning or in the noonday, and as for midnight, it wasn't to be thought of. She had been pitched down a trap door once and wasn't going to try that game again. So Mr Hall went back on his bar gain, and declines to pay the "noble earl" for his house, on the ground, that, as the horse-dealers say, "it doesn't answer its warranty." Some people are never satisfied. "Did you," I asked my newspaper friend the other day, 44 read what Mr Justice Holroyd said about the story of the money-lender who not only gave his debtor time, but also gave him a L10-note for his poor little newly-born baby ?" He paused for a second, like men of his sort do sometimes when brought face to face with a foolish question, and then said, 44 Well, John, I don't take quite the skeleton view of it that the judge ex pressed. It might be a trifle emaciated as a narrative, but it wasn't altogether what a late Premier would have styled 4 too thin.' There was some element of adipose tissue about it. In the days before my regeneration, John, I was gnashing my teeth in the outer darkness of thepublic service. It was called the Civil Service then, John, as being more . 4 tony.' And in those days — Oh my personifica tion of a perfectly pure parcel - post — I employed a money-lender to draw my salary. Not that it was inconveniently heavy, but an extra horse was sometimes wanted to bring it up to time. This duty was performed by the money-lender, and he was not too proud to charge a trifle for his work. Anyhow, be called it a trifle,' but, when it didn't turn up on the supper table just 4 after the ball ' of repayment was over, he used to be unpleasant. But, on one occasion, John, I met that trifle eater outside our business arrangement, and in a moment of intellectual halluci nation asked him for the friendly loan of a 'tenner.' It came, John, like the gentle dew from "heaven, and what's more, John, when I asked what 4 trifle' was due on it, he answered, 4 Ob, no, this is an affair between two gentlemen. Iu the eyeB of some people the bones of this narrative might rattle . a bit, but it is true, John, for all that. v ' Dot took one of my daughters' to Sun day-school last week. She is an observant child. Looks ac the address of a parcel before she takes it in, so- to speak. So, when the teacher asked her what Daniel said to "King Darius when he was pre sented to him, she replied, as readily as if she had been brought up in good Babylonish society— 44 Oh, Kiug, live for ever !" Then, asked the teacher again, 44 What happened after this ?" Some children might have said that the king, ordered Daniel to be taken to a circus and given to the lion- tamer. Others might ' have got confuted, and replied that he walked straight out into a furnace, and. began to eat lhe grass waiting to be consumed in - the oven. Others might have hinted that he was ®iten of .worms.:, -I have read all these re plies as. put int.. the mouths of children in thi-i -wonderful nine teenth century, D.»t the Second made no such, answer, contenting herself with . the . assertion that •'im mediately, the Xing lived for ever." 1 attempted a slight remonstrance with her when the incident was told to me, but she knocked the argumentative stuffing out of me with the words, 44 Well, daddy, how do you "know he isn't living now?'1 And, as a matter of fact, I don't. He may. he embodied in the form of a Persian cat for all I am certain about. I saw a picture of Pharaoh the other day, and it's as like, about the eyes, to an old bullock of my acquaintance as one could imagine. Indeed in these days of spiritual inter changes, -you never know what you're heaving earnest and thoughtful language at, let alone wallopping. 44 The ..coatcabulary of Victoria are constitutions "ly ambitious." remarked my newspaj. cr customer to me yesterday. 44 No souuer does one see his name in the Gazette.' than he believes the time is close at hand when he will put his baton on one side and take up the walking-. stick of the Chief Commissioner. I » always keep on the best terms with themr John, because you never know in what character you may meet them. You may be told you're on the wrong side of the road, by a 4 point', one day, and asked the next why you don't clear your ground by a rabbit inspector. Nor is their ambition confined to this. 4 Why should not a police station ha;ve a red lamp outside it, as well as a doctor's house ?' said Y24.226 to me the- other day. And straightway he requisitioned . for a case of crimson kerosene, so as to give a proper tint tc the light outside the station where is in charge of himself and anothei man, actuated by a still greater ambition even than his. I don't know whether h< got his crimson oil, but I've no doubl that his name is down in the constabulary archives as a man who would aspire t< anything and face any danger. He's th< sort of man — so much wanted nowadays— who would serve a summons on an in trusive thiBtle without trembling, or con template with contempt an open bar door." Jf Some scientific statistician — as the newspapers say 7— has discovered that there are 272 known specimens of the fly. What's more, he has the cheek to publish his information. Miserable mis- calculator. Why, I, poor John Peery- bingle, earner, with a mortgaged van and only an equity of redemption on one of my horses, can count more varieties than that! . There are the horse-fly, the gad-fly, the blow-fly, the blue- tailed-fly, the bush- picnic-fly, 'the railway-station-fly, the bald-headed man's fly, the waik-d own- the- road- with- « yon .fly, the-stic-in-your-eye fly, the long-sermon 'fly, the wake-you-at-day- light fly, the dragon-fly, the spider-eating fly, the tent fly, the , hut, there, Lord bless you, 272 specimens, Why, with all due deference to Mr Scientist, I can put him on to more than ten times that uumber of specimens in any square mile of Victorian territory, even including what poor old. Stubbs used to call a 44 gentlemanly corner allotment." JOHN PEERYBINGLE. Apropos of Mr Gladstone's living from day to day, I am reminded (says an English writer) of an old saying of Mr Bright's regarding him. 44 Cobden and I," said Bright, 44 always knew the point we wished to reach, and made straight for it ; and having got there we stopped. Mr Gladstone has gone upon a different method. He may not have seen so clearly as we did the exact point he wished to reach ; but, on the other hand, he has never been inclined to stop at any par ticular point. Like the sunflower, he is always turning towards the light. " The idea of mental or physical in capacity, or even death, in association with the Grand Old Man, is a matter his ardent followers cannot be got to enter tain. During the rush for seats to hear Mr Gladstone on the introduction of the Home 'Rule Bill last session, a well- known Irish member appealed to the Speaker's secretary for a good place in the gallery for his boy. . 4 1 should like him to hear Mr Gladstone before he dies," said he. Mr Ponsonby, naturally mis taking the drift of this remark, observed that Mr Gladstone was in excellent! health and strength and not likely to die for a long while yet. 4 Ah,' said the father, 4 1 was not .thinking of his dying — that's opt of . the question, I was thinking of my boy. " Boswell has told us that Dr Johnson in walking through the Temple, was scrupulously careful at all times to touch every .third pjst with his hand. A victim oi the same kind of mania, but in a much greater degree; was presented at the last meeting ef the Paris Society of Biology by a member, M. Maguan. A 44 degenerate arithoma mac' ' is what thi unfortunate man is . called by the learned. He is the slave of tlm figure 3. In . order to.avert some .terrible misfortune conjured up. . by .his obtain, he feels com- pelied atall times to group by aeries ef threes all his acts, and all the things and' events which concern him. H: he has a toothache, he goes and has three teeth pulled out. The other, day he pur loined, at one of the open shops called bazaars, -three corkscrews, and -having pocketed them, he crossed three streets and threw the three corkscrews into the third sewer grating he came across. h 