in Oak Coffin. {ANOTHER DOCTOR'S STÖRY. (Oontínoed.) ACCOMPANIED by Mackenzie, I mounted the stairs and. entered the sickroom. One glance at the patient's face showed me ali to» plainly that I was in the chamber of death. Mrs. Heathcote lay perfectly motionless. Her bright hair, still the hair of quite a young woman, was flung back over the pillow. Her pale face was wet with perspiration. Her eyes, solemn, dark, and awful in expression, turned and fixed themselves on me as I approached the bedside. Somothl ag like the ghost of »smile quivered ronnd her lips. She made an effort to stretch out a shadowy hand to grasp mine. .. **Don't stir," I said to her. "Perhaps yon want to say something. I will stoop down to listen to you. I have very good hearing, so yon canBpeak as low as yon please.". She smiled again wnh a sort of pleasure at my. understanding her. "I have something to confess," she amid, in a hollow whisper. "Send the none and-and Dr. Mackenzie ont of the room." I was obliged to explain the dying woman's wishes to my brother physician. He called to the nurse to follow hun, and they immediately left the room. Aa soon aa they had done so I bent- my head and took one of Mrs. Heathcote's nanda in mine. . " Now," I said, " take comfort. God can forgive sin. You have sinned f ».'Oh, yes, yes; but how can yon possibly know f . "Never mine. I am a good judge of character. If telling me will relieve .your conscience, speak." "My husband ia alive," she mur. ?Mared. V. " Yes," I said. " I guessed as mäch." '"He had insured his life," she con» tinned, "for~for about £15,000. The money was wanted, to-to save us from dishonor. We managed to counterfeit death." She stopped, as if unable to proceed any further. "A week aso," she con- tinued, "I-I saw the min who is sup- posed to be dead. He is really dying now. The strain of knowing that I could do nothing for him-nothing tb comfort his last moments-was. too horrible. I wit that I could not live without him. On the day ef my illness I took poison, a preparation, of Indian hemp. I meant to kill myself. I did not know that my object would ba effected in so terrible a manner." Here she looked towards the door. A great change came ovsr her face. Her eyes shone with sudden brightness. A look of awful j iy filled them. She made a frantic effort to raise herself in bed. I followed, the direction of her eyes, and then, indeed, a startled exclamation passed my lips. Gabrielle, with her cheeks crimson, her Bpi tremulous, her hair tossed wildly about her head and .'shoulders, was advancing into th« room, leading a cadaverous, ghastly-looking man by the ~ hand. In other words. Heathcote himself fa. th* flesh had come into bis wife's dying chamber. " Ob, ' Horace 1" she exclaimed ; "Horace-to die in yara arma-ta know that you will soon join me. This ls too much bliss-this is too great joy I" The man knelt by her, put his dying anna round her, and laid her head on hu worn breast. " We will leave them together," I said to Gabrielle. . I took the poor little girl's hand ¡and lad her fran the room. / She was In a frantic state of excite- ment. " I said he waa not dead," she repeated. -"I always said it. X waa sitting by my window a few minuten ago, and I saw lum in the garden. This time I was determined that he should not escape me. I rushed downstairs. He knew nothing until he 'saw me at his side. I caught his 'band in mine. It WJS hot and thin. It was like a skeletona'a hand-only it \- barned with living fire. "Mother is dying-come to her at once," I said to him, and then I brought him into the "You did well-yon acted very bravely," I replied to her. I took her away to a distant part of the An hour later Mrs, Heathcote died. I was not with her when sha breathed her last. My ene object now wu to do what I could for poor little Gabrielle. In conséquence, therefore, I made arrange- ments to have an interview with Heath pot«. It was no longer possible for the wretched man to remain in hiding. His own hours were plainly numbered, and it was more than avidest that he had only anticipated his real &§ath hy same months. A saw hloi 'C*BÔ next daw, and ha told me in » few brief words the story of Ms ?apposed death and burial, "I am being severely punished now," he said, " for the one great sin of my life. I am a solicitor by profession, and when a young man was tempted to appropriate som* trust funds-hoping, like many another had done before me, to replace the money before the loas was discovered. I married, and had a happy home. My wife and I were devotedly attached to each other. 1 was not strong, and more than one physician told me that I was threatened with a serious pulmonary affection. About eight months ago the blow which I never looked for fell. I need not enter Imo particulars. Suffice it to say that I was expected to deliver over £12,000, the amount of certain trusts committed to me, to their rightful owners within three months' time. If I failed to realise this money, Imprisonment, dishonor, ruin, would be mine. ' My wife and child would also be reduced to beggary. I had effected an insurance on my life for fifteen thousand pounds. If this sum could be realised, it would cover the deficit in the trust, and also leave a small overplus for the use of my wife and daughter. I knew that my days were practically numbered, and it did not strike me as a particularly heinous crime to forestall my death by a few 'months. I talked the matter over with my wife, and at last got: her to consent to help me. We managed everything cleverly, aal not a soul suspected the fraud which, waa practised on the world. Oar old servants who had lived with us for years, were sent away for a holiday. We had no servant in the house except a charwoman, who came in for a certain number of hours dafly." . "You managed your supposed dying condition with great skill," I answered. "That hemorrhage, the ghastly expres- sion of your face, were sufficiently real to deceive even a keen and clever man like Mackenzie." . ? Heathcote smiled grimly. "After all," he said, *»the fraud was simple enough. I took an emetic, which I knew would produce the cadaverous hue of approaching death, and the supposed hemorrhage was managed with some bullock's blood. I got it from a distant butcher, telling him that I wanted lt to mix with meat to feed my dogs with." ," And how did yon deceive the under- taker's men?' I asked. "My wife insisted on keeping my face covered, and I managed to simulate rigidity. As to the necessary coldness, T was cnM inough lying with only a sheet ' .» rae. After I was placed in the coffin my wife would not allow anyone to enter the room bei herself; she brought me food, of couue. We bsred holes, too, in the coffin lid. Still, I ?hall never forget the awf ol five minutes during which I was screwed down. "It was all managed with great expedi- tion. As soon aa ever the undertaker's men could be got out of the way, my wife unscrewed the coffin and' released me. We then filled it with bags of flour, which we had already secured and hidden for the purpose. My supposed funeral took place with due honors. I left the house that night, intending to ship to America. Had I done this, the appalling conse- quences which have now ended in the death of my wife might neve* have taken place, but at the eleventh hour my courage failed me. I could do much' to shield my wile and child, but I could not endure the thought of never seeing them again. Contrary to all my wife's en- treaties, I insisted-on coming into the garden, for the selfish pleasure of catching even a glimpse of Gabrielle's little figure, as «he moved about her bedroom. She saw me once, but I escaped through the shrubbery and by a door which we kep' on purpose unlocked, before she reached me. I thought I would- never again transgress, bat once mora tue temptation assailed me, and I was not proof ag ainsi it. My health failed rapidly. I wai really dying, and on the morning what my wife's illness began bad suffered fron a genuine and very sharp, attack ol hemorrhage. She found me in th« wretched lodging where I was hiding in a state of complete misery, and aliños destitution- Something in my appaaranc* seemed suddenly to make her lose al self-control. "'Horace,' she exclaimed, 'Icanno stand this. When you die, I will die We will carry our shame and our sorrot and our unhappy love into the grave where no man can follow us. When yoi die, I will die. Oh ! to sae you like thi drivas ma mad 1' "She left me. She told me when saw her during those last few moment yesterday that she had hastened her en by a powerful dose of Indian hemp That is the story. I know that I hav I laid myself open to criminal prosecutio: i of the gravest character, but I do no think I shall live to go through it." Heathcote was right. He passe away that evening quite quietly in hi sleep. Poor little Gabrielle I I saw her one since her parents' death, but it is now couple of ytb&rs; since I have heard an] thing about her. Will she ever ge over the severe shock to which she wa subjected 1 What does the future hoi 1 in store for her 1 I cannot answer thea nnmtiona. Time alone can do that. ''Strand Magazine." [THE ETD.]_ 