MORNING BITTING, SUPPLY AND TRAINING OP THE CLKBQY. ihe Bishop ol Nelson read a paper on 'The best method for scouring increased supply of clergy for the colonies.' He held that due qualification for clergymen was just aa necessary in tbo colonies as in Bog land. The supply would have for some time, he thooght, to be drawn from Eng land. The work of the ministry involved a call to preach and pray, and should be a man's own choice in all humility. In New Zealand it required four Tears to d&sb; the first examination; but practically it required five years to do so. This year 26 candidates presented themselves for examination. Archdeacon Oooper, of Ballarat, Bald in former days they looked to England for their supplies. He thought thoy should now do all in their power to supply their re quirements irom local sources. They might, however, obtain some clergymen for say a period of five years from the old country, some of whom would probably return to England, while a portion would no doubt remain In the colonies. An excel lent schooling was afforded in most of the dioceses by the employ ment of lay reader', who passed on and ultimately became clergymen. 11 there were true religion in the home instead of so much orlticism of the clergy -^s was often the case — there would be found many young men ready and willing to take up Ohurch work. He admitted that other Christian bodies were moie alive to the importance of this subject than were mem bers of the Anglican Church. He bad hcai d mothers warn their children against taking up the work of their father bccanse of the poor stipenda paid, which in many instances were insufficient to support a family. Canon David, the Bishop of Biverina, the Bev. J. B. W.JWoollnough, and the Bev. J. Oberlin Harris also spoke to tbe paper. The Dean of Adelaide read a paper on 'Training of candidates— (l) intellectual, (2) devotional, (3) practical.' He held that the first step should be reading, as much depended upon a dear enunciation, Mnsic, too, should be attended to. He did not think that the minister should be allowed to set the teeth of the whole congregation on edge because of the want of an ear for music. The knowledge of Greek and Latin was n necessity for the clergy at large, but a knowledge of the Bible in English was a sina qua non, The preparation and exami nation should be full and searching. No one should be ordained until he had been thoroughly trained and edncated* Canon Goodman, of Melbourne, said he would suggest to send students to a grammar school for five years, which would afford them a good grounding, to be followed by a thorough training in a theological college, The funds might be provided by means of federation, but without endowments he could hardly Bee how even this could be ac complished. Archdeacon Farr, of Adelaide, said many : of tbe young olergy had oome out to Adelaide who were found to be utterly in oapable to cope with bush work. Canon Flnnis said it was a mistake to suppose that clergymen lor bush parishes should not be highly educated. He oon tended there was every reason why the opposite should obtain, aa he had found in the backwoods men well grounded ,ln theological knowledge. THEOLOGICAL CULTURE. Canon Sharpe, of Sydney, read a paper on ' Theological Culture : How to promote the influence of the pulpit.1' The object waa, be said, to elevate the status for ex amination for holy orders to a high leveL He advocated concerted action amongst the Bishops, and one examination for orders over the whole of Australia. They mnst nave an eaucatea ministry, Mr Jno. H'intjre said it was very easy for laymen to criticise a sermon, but the wonder was that clergymen could prepare so many fresh sermons for their hearers. He thought they were suffering from ser mon dyspepsia. They had too many ser mons. why should they have a sermon at the end of every servioe. Preachers were too prone to speak below their hearers instead of over their heads aa some had aaid. He had heard sermons from the pulpit which were an insult to a grown up congregation. He recommended an inter change of pulpitfl more frequently in order to afford a better opportunity for Inter change of ideas. Tue Bishop of Dunedin said during his 40 years' experience as a Bishop be found very much difficulty in obtaining suitable I clergymen from England. In Danedin they I had appealed to the whole Ohurch to make I provision for candidates for holy orders. The Primate said in spite of All they had done one thing remained, and that was to pray for the grace of the Holy Ghost. Bishop Montgomery said Tasmania had special advantages, and they had an endowment which placed them on favorable footing. He had no difficulty in obtaining the services ot clergymen from home, and so far as local candidates were concerned he would not accept any who had not taken their degree, 