STORIES OF THE STAGE, AN OPINION OP IBSEN. Miss Lillian I.uisell s New Husband. A New Gaar— A Gift from the Gods— A Hand Organ Story. Tho New York Evening Sex lias collected the following stories of the stage: — Maggie Clinc composed one of the select literary audieuco that sat through the pcr- formanco of " Ghosts" recently. MissCline's criticism of Ibsen's play is worth preserving " I vo seen plays that made me tired, am. I've seen actors ns gave mo a pain ; but this here ' Ghosts ' made mo right down sick. And, mind you, I ain't- no prude nor wnnt you might call tight-laced." Tho fences of Hurlem wcro gay with posters .announcing the return to town of Lillian Russell " and her now husband, Signor Pcrugjni." Two women were read ing one of these posters. One of them burst out laughing ; the other looked shocked. "How horrid I" exclaimed she of the pained expression. " Wouldn't you think chat announcement would make her earlier husbands turn in their graves?" , " Thai's a physical impossibility," laughed the other woman ; " they not nearly dead yet." . - , . Pete D.iilcy sprang a. new gag on his audi-, ence at the Bijou one night which made a great hit. While, in the middle of one' of his important scenes a mail beckoned to hitn from the wings. Dailey left the tinge for a moment. When lie returned his face had fallen several inches. 'He looked positively sad. Advuncing to the footlights he asked seriously : .-- "Is there a doctor in the house ?" In all parts of the theatre the audience, anxious to hear full particulars of the auci- dent, loaned forward eagerly. Dailoy scanned the nndienco with au anxious gaze, until after a moment's hesitation a broad- shouldered, bespectacled young man Blood up, blushed vividly and remarked: - 'I — I am a physician." , Instantly Daiiey's features relaxed. luais iigut, .lie exciaimea. .- ivon L go away yet. I'm just going to sing: a song-" Some time ago in Philadelphia Mr. Willard was dining wiih some ruther strait- laced persons, After dinner one of his watch-charms — a 25 cent piece with an in scription on one side— was passed around tile table. " Is was rather curious about that quarter," explained Mr. Willard. " One night when I wns playing in 'The Middle man' it was thrown at. me by a man among the gods during the scene where I am starving." An old lady read the inscription, then dropped tho ccin like a hot coal. " lieully, Mr. Willard, you arc positively blasphemous," she exclaimed, , "Oil, hut ir.y dear madam," exclaimed Willard, " it was the engraver, not I, who was responsible for the capital G." Tho inscription runs rta follows: "To Cyrus Blsukarn from a'sympathatic God." Ever sitico the hand-organs got hold of his " Washington Post March " Bandmaster Sousu'a life has been a burden to him. One morning, about a. month ago, -Sousa' ran across an Irishman playing the march at a dirge-like pace, which set Sousa's teeth on edge. Snatching the handle of the organ away from him, Squsa. exclaimed angriiy, " My heavens, man ! Why don't you play it . with a littlo energy. There's nobody dead on this block !" > - " Tho Irishman stood by, open-eyed with wonder, as Sousa dashed -'through tho measures of the march at a rattling pace. " And who are yon, anyhow?'' ho ex claimed at length. "I an: Mr. Sousa," explained the band master. " I composed that march. Don't mind my giving you a friendly pointer." The Irishman retired with his ; features wreathed in smiles. Next morning an enormous placard appeared about-his neck. It was printed in red ink, and ran as fol lows: " A pupil of Sousa's. " 