Deloraine Snap Shots. | NOBMAW CAMSBOU'S only expression of regret for having made a fool u* himself was thai if not returned, he would'lose the opportunity of pressing the motion standing in his name for the repealmenfcof-payment of mcmbersj-xraisbj if «amed,'-would,-bind the workers to eelect their representatives from the ranke of tlieir enemies. This is one way of packing the house-withcapitaHflts. • ' • - • Brother Jonathan eat heavily ontheNorman's chest when he told him that he had outdistanced him wlien they tried Conclusions before, and he would do it again.. • Cameron (soliloquising) :—"' Snap Shots' from Deloraine, in the Tasmania* Democrat, have «ast more terror on the soul of Norman than ten thousand leaders published by the drivelling Examiner." • m. • Premier Dlbbs, of New South Wales, has boon delivering himself recently on the servant gal question, a subject on which we •honld like to hear Mr. Cameron. By-thebye,we would drop the "Mr.,"but euoh a familiarity is allowed only to his most intimate friends. » » •• Mv name is Norman; OnBentley's hills—no 3 I don t meant that, But there'* a seat that fills My troubled brain with strong affections. My mind is on the rack, That is, I'm going crazy; \- My head iB hot and dry, My politics are hazy. Thy love, oh Deloraine, I cannot do without it! If you reject me, then I must die— That's all about it. • • • A Cameronian proverb:—"The constant dripping saves the butter." [This proverb is oopyright.—ED. T.D.~\ • * • Cameron is travelling on the Walsh testimonial ticket for all it'e worth. * » * Although refuted at his meeting at Tongataboo, he repeats the statement that a certain letter which he wrote refusing to subscribe is being used against him in this contest. At the Town Hall on Tuesday evening, McGowan challenged Cameron or Griffin to name one elector to whom the letter in question had been shown during the election. If they oould do so, he (McGowan) would make good that present tp the Deloraine Improvement Association, which Cameron could not or would not afford because he had not drawn his Parliamentary screw. * * * Cameron sings very low about the £50 he offered Hart to resign.. « « » It would be interesting to know why Cameron did not * draw * his honorarium. » Hue he become so strangely generous as to leave it in the Treasury if he were really entitled to it. f » » Father Murphy aays he was drawn into this contest by the misrepresentation of the Telegraph. * » • " The Tramp " is reported to be suffering from indigestion. Apoplectic symptoms arc also setting in, and the family now prescribe sawdust pills instead of (W) ngg mixtures. " Absence makes the heart grow fonder," was the expression of the feelings of the audience whem they missed "TheTramp'» from Tuesday's meeting. • • • B. W. Smith has thrown off the gloves and fights a straight out Badical fight at Deloraine. • • • His encounter with F. W. Grubb was one between progressive Liberalism and monopoly. • • • An explosion is feared at Wragg's Magazine; # • # Spangles and sawdust are likely to be a good antidote to the Thistle nuisance in the regions of Meander. » » • BeBt is sound on the Land Question, pay. ment of members, and the franchise. • • • The ovation accorded to Father Muiphy was an unprecedented triumph for the cause of the workers. • • • " Tramp, Tramp, Tramp," and " We won't have Cameron anymore," are the prevailing airs at Deloraine. * * * The bill-stickers have come to blows with no more serious result than that which has attended the wordy warfare of the platform people. • • » If Deloraine rejects Best any disadvantages it incurs will be a just punishment to the people. • « • The secrecy of the ballot should defeat the bully and bounce of the classes. * * * landlords may direct tho people, but after all the voting is done by the tenants. • • • Cameron's lone-hand tickct is as big a deception as hisappealfor sympathy. Smith's platform has been the solid one of progressive Liberalism. * * » tTh» Dobson speech was the trump card of the campaign. * * * Norman' Invader liMevidently become embojdenpd'by thouilfinee tjf the. mior. "*' <° ' V r* • i : * ^ • MrFi W. Grubbjs notions oifctqj^cal jji»uc: cess, even when lie lias a good case in hand. • • » "TheLuck of the Bearing. Camp " isthe tiQo.to be given to. a liistorypfthje. campaign penned by " The Tramp." Bnrtnoll never made a better hit than he did at £ast Meander when tie called upon the small farmers to protect their interests as against- the interests of the large land holders. Murray hit upon a happy moaus of repaying liis obligation to Norman, for a glass of beer. ' *' ' i 1 •. • • * It IB openly stated that, though Allan Macdonald regard* the quesfcion-of represen tation as one for the electors, only his sympathies are with the JBest man. The rejection of-Mr. Cameron will bnrsfc up tliejandtax dodging syndicate in Parliament. , * #. • One Cameronian orator, of the horneyhandedtype, who denounced the introduction of personalities, revelled in thom before ho resumed Ins Beat. • • • Bowman, the Oattle King, looked gloomily defiant at Best's meeting on Tuesday. # • • There is genuine Democratic sentiment at Deloraine, but it lias neverbeen fairly roused till now. • • • There are some big wagers among the townspeople, and in the event of certain con: tingencies reconstruction is on the cards. • • • By the way Cameron is trying to reconstruct his political creed. • • • Deloraine district is flooded with election literature. * • • The story of the hen, the ducks, and the orphaned political chicken will lire long in the remembrance of the Deloraine people. • • • Mr. Cameron spoke " from the bottom of his heart the other evening." Those who know him say that though his liver sometimes troubles him, his heart seldom does. • » • There was a huge gathering of the clans last evening when the march of the Cameron men was the feeblest of feeble echoes. Walker, Deloraine's own political War wick, is fairly on the warpath. • • • The Telegraph's partial and falsifiod refer CQCOB to the Deloraine election not only discounts it in the minds of honest men, but will also rebound on the head of Norman on election day. • • • The best testimonial Mr. Ronald W- Smith could have as to his integrity and the soundness of his political views is found in the ' abuse of the Daily Telegraph, which goes bald-headed against everything good and progressive. » • • When the laird of Bentley has been rele gated to private life, the Democrat staff contemplate requesting the privilege of. a day's •hooting on his estate, which we are sure he will accede ;to with pleasure. So established will the mutual friendship then become that all formalities will be sunk between us, and wo can ever after call him "Camerou," while he—well we prcsumo he will call us D Democrat, • • • The tears adown her cheekB fell fast, As through a country village passed A gal, who'd been copped shaking—what P .Why, something scarcely worth a grot: 'TwaB butter. Her boss was not one of the poor, But still he might be called a boor { His coronet was quite too utter, But on her bread she got no butter, But dripping. Oftimes the poor can pick some up Of crumbs that fall from rich man's sup. The slaveys there tlioy had no right ' To smarm their bread when things were tight With butter. The squatter and his missus, they Had bread and butter every day, And honey, too, when times were good; The kitch'en hands they had plain food And dripping. But our poor girl on dripping pined, And longed for something nice to find To make the Tictuals (P) go down click, But, anyway, (he must not pick On butter. But, daring all, she took a little, Which got her in an awful pickle. She faced the beak with many fears, Whilst down her face the briny tears Were dripping. •"Why did you this P" the beak did cry. The giri began to sob and sigh. " It ain't no use," the squatter said, " She shook it, right enough, Bhe did, That butter." The beak said he " You naughty girl," I'll take your papers out of curl." .He did not mean it, gay old buck; Be fined the girl, who cursed her luck— And dripping. 3d dny« to come that squatter must •Give up die ghost, like us, or bust ,- .And when the pangs of death he's tasted, Before the fire lie might be basted t o l a t m f t a S L ..... With butter. 