WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mrs. H. H. JENNINOS lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. Tho house is an old one but in good order. One night early in December (lBUl) tho two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. Thoy left tho gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as thoy went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. Tho upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the holes in it. His shirt-sleeves wore rolled up, an I in one hand he carried a long oid-fushioted pistol. The women iled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings camo in five minutes later ho found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it tho women saw ? During a recent period of ill health," writes au American friend, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On th fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a dose by what seemed like the calling of my name ;and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother jnst as she looked five years before, e as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. 1 screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossip said it was a summons and 1 would never get well. Yet 1 did and am in erfect health now. 1 believe that vision ame of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it is move three years ago now. No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the neives will play on B you when your system is out of condition, In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darraoott Koad, Poko^down, Hants, wrote us as follows :—" I was so dreadfully nervous A I could not bear anyone in the room with me. yet 1 did not wish them far away in case I 6 Should call out for help. This was in June, 18S1K I slept very badly, and iu the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my G head and over my eyes, and 1 was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by 1 had to lie helpless in bed. Tho doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. 1 took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin aud bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully 1 thought 1 should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day_ Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked' what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seu'el's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, L tried it, and in three clays 1 was able to walk across the room, and by the end of tho week I went downstairs. Now 1 am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrhp had given new vigor to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia, Ghosts come fiom the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its I work the eyes and ears^entertain only" what j8 natural and wholesome. 6G4f 