AMUSEMENTS. The Theatre Royal was again well filled on Thursday evening, when Pollard's Liliputian Company achieved their customary success in their presentatation of "The Forty Thieves." The pantomime was once more admired by an enthusiastic audience, who were generous with their placdita. The performance will be repeated this evening, and on Satur day there will be a matinee performance. A large number of seats have been eeoured, and as this is the only chance the young people will have of witnessing this production in the day time there is sure to be a crowded house. Tbe management have wisely decided to admit children at reduced prices—dress circle, 25.; stalls. Is.; and gallery. 6d. "Snared " was again presented at Hndeon s Bijou Theatre to an appreciative audience on Thursday evening. On Saturday there will be a Vaudeville programme, which will include "Id on parloit Franeai?" and Lover's '"Happy Man." The popularity of the Continentals is Bteadfly increasing, and for to-morrow night a musical specialty is to be given by a Melbourne soprano, Miss Amelia Banks, who is to sing the "beautiful " Aye Maria," adapted to the celebrated intermezzo from "Cavalleria Rus tiatna," by Pietro Mofloagni. Miss Banks will have an instrumental accompaniment. Mr. Fred Smith, the tenor, and Mr. Phil Lang dale, the bassoon artiste, are each to appear for the last time. The representation of the Battle of Waterloo at the Cyclorama is still drawing large audiences. The management have determined not to let tha interest flag, and besides the clever illusion of Napoleon's ghost, there is, if it can be managed, to be another attraction on Saturday. A number of men axe at work day and night in the endeavor to produce it to morrow. The fates are against the Holdfast Bay Band, who have not yet been favored with really suitable weather for their open-air ooncerte. Thursday evening, was no exception to this 'rule, and the band found it necessary to fix their stands on the balcony of Jahn'a restau rant. Despite the wind the musical selections were not rendered without due appreciation by a large number of people who had congre gated on the square below. Particular inte rest was attached to the performance owing to the inclusion of a new march, composed by Professor W. B. Knox, entitled "The col legians, "and arranged for a band by the band master, Mr. J. Craig. The writing is a tuneful and well-marked composition, of bold character, and posaeses an original finale. Its rendering by the band on Thursday evening was moet pleasing. The other items given were: —"The mountaineer,' 1 "The valley of ferns," "Trafalgar," "Gems of Sootia," "Jollity," "Albion," "Gefollev? Blaeten, "Shooting star," and "God save the Queen." 