?-?????? ---- ?? * ?'?? ?--??- ??? ? — --:------ : - ? - ?? -?? vq**r -p-y -w.\\-i JCOP f RIGHT.] ,v ;; ° I ^W^H© IS HE ? I OR \ The Ifldian Mahatma in , 4nstraik ? 1 AN AUSTRALIAN STORY - OF THE Natural & Supernatural, BY -? KENNETH. HAMILTON M.D.,F.R.C.S. . i i ? i CHAPTER IX: ALICE BAETOJf'S MAEBIA.GE. So the eve of my wedding'-day arrived, and I sought my own dear haunt by the river where so many maiden hours had been passed in childhood delight in the mere fact of liv ing, sought this time withasoro and re bellious heart. I sat gazing at the swift flowing river thinking how clear and calm the depths looked, and how sweet a rest I _l.^..U .£ ? 3 i-l,/siiA mam yi- Tint. 'FrtT» TO1IS TlfilTl V J5UUU1UL li.UU. Vliviu ncLC iv a*w aw*. »***?« £*w»~ -- would cause my dearest mother, also faintly the sense of wrong with which one regards the -wrenching aside the awful veil of the future life. No, no. I thought, I am young and strong ; other wotnou have borne, I will rbear ; other women have conquered, I will conquer. Ah, perchance the Mighty Creator will use me as an instrument to soften his nature and to curb und save this evil man. Truly that wili be something to live for — something to wait and hope for. Mother says happiness is not the cud of life, nor is it given to the greatest,- the purist, or the holiest to have had a happy life. 'WTiat am I tliat I should demand it ?' I will be bravo and take what has been forced on me in the best way 1 1 can, and God will help me. But. oh it is Ihard not to have a scrap of love even to begin with; and womanly tears began to flow when 'Alice, Alice.'' called out my future owner, and forthwith my sacred place was invaded to my consternation. He had evidently been drinking, but not sufficiently to rub oir' all the veneer with which he had overlaid liis real character dur ing the past three weeks. He approached quietly and attempted to throw his arm about my waist, but I eluded the familiarity. 'Alice, dear,' said he, 'to-morrow will eee the consummation of our happiness. Do you anticipate it as I do, I wonder. Of course you know I am not a saint ; but, at any rate, there are sinners as bad as I am.' ^ I replied as kindly as I could that there were plenty of men who could hardly be re garded as saints, though I had had very little experience of men cither saints or sinners. This rather tickled his fancy, and he told me with a laugh that his experience of the other sex was a little more extensive tliau mine was of his. j ' I have no doubt.'' ho continued, ''that, you and I shall jog along as comfortably as other married folk. 'We shall both have to give and hike, but if you don't look too closely j at my faults — I suppose I have them like j other people — I'll promu-e not to hunt out j yours. Taking everything into account it is . » sensible way to commence married life. I don't think I have gained what people talk j go much about — your woman's heart — but. at all events, I am sure of your woman's fidelity. Is there no chance of gaining anything more than that, Alice dear?' he whispered, and again attempted to enme closer to me. What was it that held me back then r j Perhaps it was wilfuluess. Perhaps it was a ! pity that I was held buck ? Perhaps— but no. j There was no response in my heart to his soft, ?jrhispcred words, and I had not learned to be i. hypocrite. I was silent. The man thin showed his real character. He got up from whore ha had thrown him self by my side, and, with a course laugh, «?aid: ' All right, my bonnie wife, that is to be : \- my innings will come some time or or other. Now. I will leave you to your reveries.' Had I done right r that was the question. I had seriously debated whether at the last j moment I should not defy consequences and j refuse to sacrifice myself. 2fow, I had i thrown down the glove perhaps prematurely. It was ;i difficult position for a young and inexperienced girl, and I thought myself un generous. Want of generosity, I think, is not a failing of mine, and the feeling1 that I had treated badly the man who had a right, perhaps, to expect some return to his ad- i vances, did much to reconcile me to the I ordeal of the morrow. j I remained a long time alone with my own j thoughts aft-ar he had gone. The troubles of j my past life — short as it was — crowded on - my memory, but the future had little of pro- , mise. Was it always to be like this r Was | life nothing but a wearisome change from ] bad to worse? Where were the recom penses ? It was a wearied woman, no longer a light hearted girl, who retraced weary steps to the house that night, having buried all the girlish hopes and longings in a grave by the river — the river, my childish play-mate, my girl hoods' friend — the laughing, smiling river. Many a sad day e'er I saw my river again, and how changed then was I from the girl who eaid a sad farewell on her wedding eve ! Yet all through the river flowed on and on un changed. Not to linger over this wrenching asunder of home ties, the fateful day saw me the wife of George Barton, but pale, heart-stricken, atill brave ior my own mother's sake. She, dear soul, in silver firey and dainty lace, looking fragile and sad, and my grim father with his blustering ways and loud voice — ' Now then, Agnes, no whimpering. Mrs. Barton wants something to eat, so lead the way, with the parson and the jolly young people can follow whilst I bring up the rear, eh, parson? I know you're hungry — look it, poor devil. Eh — what ! don't know the devjl ! Well, my dear sir, I do ; met him in India where he took the name of Nona Sahib and disappeared in brimstone and blue blazes. By Jove, it's a fact, sir. Saw him him myaelf — in fact was rli-inlHTwy brandy pawnee.' ; So lie rattled on in bis usual overbearing style in great good humor at having gained 'Ids point/ for we were to live . for a time at least on an estate he had recently purchased ?in Akaroa. We went over to Melbourne for a month, and returned to take my mother with ub for -a; visit to New Zealand. The six months that followed were indeed delightful, as my darling mother remained the whole of that time quietly with me in lovely Akaroa before my father saw fit to re call her home in such a peremptory style that . there was no eluding the command. I Long before this George had thrown aside the slight reserve that he assumed during the ! first months of our married life and showed ?jBiore of that reckless disregard of all and | everyone save himself that afterwards ruined j not only our married life but also every chance »of his own life; and the parting with my imother'was in conseqnenoe full of bitterness Ho her, for the absolute knowledge that she left the one dearest -uu earth to her in the cure of a nan -who»re&arl3j-jlall; women as merely tbe riaviBh- creaftm|hcr«atea I or the IfV -4 ' L ^ - ? The day before, motaer..; received jtiie, Jefcte from father, as we'retairnsd 'feoni a sail in the Harbor;' (George ; had purchased a; yacht the; first thing after We ibSittefio our 6wn 'home) ?and were, walking -qmc$iy over ihe 'lawn in front of Siez-drawing-TOom windows, ;*& dark, -swarthy jnant j*eerefdwout- of/ the 'lilac bushes on my right hand/ and, -?walking or rather gliding/ swiftly, up to my. mother, said : . . / ' .V , , ' . . . . ,...-. ,.... -, ''Smir husband, madam, requires 'you.' ' How?' said shein- astonisnmenit.5 'I know,'-' ixe, fcXeplied, , with b singu? lar smile. 'I know, as,; I .know many, things — and more— I know; that he will shortly meet his fate. Should Iibell you? A dreadful fate it wiil be, but he brought it on himself. It is Karma, and that no one can^ avoid. Just as the tiny stone thrown into the immensity of the , ocean sends a thrill throughout all its_ measureless volume, act ing on every land, and perhaps re- acting throughout the whole universe ; so our every action, however trivial we may suppose it to be, has its defined consequences And results. His acts, you know, have not been those the consequences of which he could anticipate without apprehension.' ' What do you mean?' said poor mother, with mingled fear and perplexity. But he was eilent — only the same smile re mained on his calm, unmoved face. ?'Man, man! Who are you!' I cried, ' daring to terrify one so frail as my mother. You cannot know. We do not live in the days of prophesy and witchcraft !' 'Nay, fair My, not so fast; you nave yourself the gift of prophesy, the gift of clairvoyance and the gifts that belong to witches I shall bestow on you 'if you will. I have the power, and more than that look steadfastly at me till I leave you.' So saying he waved his hands twice over my head and I became rigid and intent, when, marvellous to state, I saw only a cloud of white vapor, which seemed slowly to glide before this dread man, with his piercing eyes,; and when in a few seconds it had cleared away, he, too, had disappeared although all around us was bright sunlight and the smooth expanse of the lawn which no one could cross without being seen by both, of us. So we stared into each other's faces, half dead with fear ; the air was suddenly filled with the sound of laughter, and a voice from beside us exclaimed — ' Daughter of earth, the Indian holds many secrets in his breast, the result of many lives ; and the astral body is not as the earthly body. Seek for yourself the knowledge of which I speak.' Fainter and fainter the concluding sen tences, and in a few minutes all was still. Too terrified to speak, we grasped hands and fled through the drawing-room window. '?' Hallo J' said George from where he was lying stretched full length on the sofa. 'Hallo, what the deuce, is up now? You women look as if you'd seen Lady Macbeth'e own special ghost.*' -' 4i Oh, George, such a dreadful man in the garden — an Indian — and I believe he's the same who came to our house in Tasmania the year poor Will ran off to Melbourne ;' and thereupon began a duet between my mother and me as we tried to relate the wonderful thing to George. He sat uj) and said : ' Phew ! By Jingo, the same old card who told me I should soon be Ms, though how 1 1 cannot say. Certainly he's a rum specimen | — ugh ! (looking round) I feel as if the beggar was here now.' A soft siorh from the corner 05- the piano made us all three turn towards that part of room, when a sardonic laugh and — ' Good -night, my friends, remember the magic of India is not dead or impotent so long as her sons live on the fare of the earth. Kest. I go now. When next I come you will know more. Good-night.' For once George threw his arm around me in a kindly way. 4i Awful, old girl, isn'tit? If that fellow's not the devil himself he is his chief officer. No wonder you lx-th look scared. By Jove, I'll have to take a glass of brandy myself be fore I get the sound of it out of my ears.' After this mother was in a continual fright and worry, so obeyed my father's summons home all the more readily, for she was a woman whose watch- word was *' duty,' and well did she carry it out to the end. Two years passed orer in utter misery and constant humiliation for me. Drinking, swearing, gambling, racing— fast in every way, George led the life he loved best, and soon got through what money he had from his father. Often after a few weeks spent in Auckland or Dunedin he would come home bringing a troop of men and fast women and order me to be civil and entertain them well. Lothing my work I was forced to be coldly polite to people whom I despised and detested, brought, as they were, by my own husband to my own home. Reasoning and expostulation he never listened to. * - Madam, ajn I master here or not ? I do as I like, and the sooner you know it the better — no matter what you think. Who cares r Get out if it doesn't please you !' Awful as this all is, many a. time had I to sully my ears listening to 'what was a thou sand degrees worse, or to put up with his equally degrading caresses when' he was pleased to be in what he called 'the deuce of a good temper ;' but I could generally, I found by this time, get rid of him by writing^ a cheque and persuading him (not much per suasion needed) to go and enjoy the races or any other festivity of which I chanced to hear, and then a few days or perhaps weeks helped me to bear a life almost unbearable and growing daily worse. This spring a hope came to me that before long a sweet wee form would lie in my arms ; 1 little arms would twine round my neck. and soft wee lips be pressed to mine. Oh, holiest joy of motherhood ! how wonderful thou art- ! What can compare with thee! Thus the Gatholic church makes the mother-heart- of Mary the fount of all love and pity, for she knew the joys and trials of a woman. Yet even this aid 'not soften George, and his treatment of me. became more and more brutal. *TWeli do I remember his cruel: hands wrenching my hair, his blows, curses, andeven kicks. Some six weeks before thebirth of iny child I was very ill and had to call in the doctor, whose kind care got me round and whose sympathetic voice aud kindly ad vice were to me at that time and indeed ever since the greatest comfort I knew — the only friend whom I dared trust with all the humiliating bitterness of my life. At last my baby came — a crown of joy and delight. How I loved my sweet one. How I crusted his wee form against my heart in a passion of thanksgiving to God for 60 won derful a gift. I knew my little one's thought — his .wants — even before he was conscious of themiiiimself, *and for him I made a stand, that all his property ehould not be spent in riotous living. Let me pass by that scene. My boy was but a few months old when his father in sulted me and him with the last outrage, which a woman has po endure on earth ; but there his power exceeded its limit. I simply walked to my room, and, takingmychildinmy arms, bade the nurse follow me to the prin cipal hotel in Akaroa since the polluted house was no* longer fit for my babe and me. A fortnightlater George succeeded in forc ing an interyiewon me, when he demanded a large sum of money at once, threatening to kill me if I did not consent to give him what would ruin my child. Fortunately, Dr. Clarke was wiihin hearing, having called to ascertain if he could serve me in any matter. He came when I called, and George imme- ; diately*aiid blankly consented to leave for Melbounfe ^t,.-mce oil t$e receipt of a cheque; for XilfDOO, which I Jtavehim. .* : ,my; hand.: V Things 'might have -been ;di£- v f erent if yojat had iSO, willed?? I have been ar good and faithful wife, and I- do mot forget; vou are the father of my boy. f . Godgrantypu may'grow'tered of evil aid come -home, to us atlast. ^Good-bye.'' ??'' i He turned and scowled, but never a word Hence forward my; life ran smoothly. I had a few friends — iny books, my piano, iny paint-box, and 'last and chief est joy of all I had my blessed boy. His sweet voice cheered me ; for him I grew merry again ; for him I san^ and danced over, the house and up and down the garden paths. I was his com panion and playmate ; his friend and adviser, biter on, and he— Ah he was my' inmost joyJ . Infinitely more precious than iny own life was this one which drew all its life from me, which was so fascinating in its clinging, helpless dependence on m«; — nay, I could not have lived had it not been for the infinite delight and care my boy was to me. So God gives us women mother- hearts, and in the experience thus gained teaches us His great truths and lessons and draws us ever up ward and onward towards that spiritual life which so nearly surrounds us. I tried to learn all I could of that life so that I might be the more fitted to lead and teach my son in all goodness, purity and holiness, and so the time passed on. My mother was now living with me. Dear soul, she had gone through much. A few months after mv Geoffry was born mv father disappeared in a most uncanny way. I. had been on a visit to Tasmania and was there at the time. An Indian hawker came one dayv and my father 'lifted his whip to strike him, for daring to pester the house with .his wares,; when the Indian lifted his hand and uttered] a sentence in a foreign language. My fathers looked scared and turned away with a curse^ and for several days afterwards walked aboul] looking half dazed,spoke gently even lovingl'jp to my mother, and one day, after kissing her gently on tho cheek, saying : ^ ' Lie down and rest, Agues wine, while I go out with the dogs for a bit.' He went out, and though search was inade far and near no one has ever heard of or seen him since. After -waiting for nearly a year. hopinar asrainst hope, mother came over tome and my boy, and of all the households in Akaroa ours was, I am sure, the most happy and restful, save when the memory of the In dian's awful and mysterious words or the faint echo of the ill-doings of the scape-grace husband are wafted to us ; no cloud dimmed our sky : all was peaceful and calm, and I wondered and wondered ' how any woman could every deem the love of a man of any consequence, especially when she has so sweet a gift as a little Heaven- sent soul with its snowy purity to love and to train. So ends the first part of my story, com mon-place enough. Hundreds of girls marry without loving men whom they loathe in the intimacy of daily life ; hundreds of wives are ill treated ; hundreds deserted ; hundreds have baby boys or girls to love, and the common, every-day lot of womankind comes to them and is a crown of joy or a crown of thorns, and no one cares, for women bear and suffer hi silence — their time is not yet. I have said little about anything but the circumstances more intimately connected with my own life. I have said nothing, of the death of the old man, Barton, who, long before his death, recognised how base and cruel his son was and what a wretched sacri fice had been made of me. The old man died in my arms, blessing me as his only comfort for years, and his last words were a whispered prayer for forgiveness. He had that for giveness, and he knew that it was from my heart. I have said little of my poor brother who ran the race of wickedness and brought sor row and disgrace on us all. Sorrow and dis grace are no£ subjects we love to dwell on, and if they have to be painted it is not by the hand of one that has to bear the load. My share of sorrow was great, but the disgrace was not mine, though I shared in it. What a different world would it be if we were made responsible for the deeds of our own hand alone! CHAPTER X. tllr* CONTINUES HEE NABEATIVE. The years glided quietly by ; little or no thing occurred to disturb the even tenor oJ our way. Then my sweet mother went to her rest and her home, but she promised me she would always guard and watch over her child, which I know she does. Life became quieter, and would have been for me infinitely lonely and sad had it not been for my bright boy, Geoffry, now twelve years old ; so thoughtful and companionable ; so strong and so merry, and not the smallest of his virtues in his mother's eyes — the fact of his entire devotion to that mother. Boat ing, cricketing — whatever the amusement or study it was with his mother as his com panion- Often I wondered at my sense of freedom, and I thought that the long- ago comrade of my own childish days was again with me. My poor brother Will — no doubt dead long since in Victoria. I never could txace; him, and of late I did not stir in the matter4 — selfishly, perhaps, f esring to hear of George* my husband. Dr. Clarke, my very good* friend and adviser, made inquiries quietly fors me once or twice, but nothing came of it.-j 'Let sleeping1 dogs lie,' is a favorite phrase of the good doctor's, and maybe the inquiries were somewhat slack. I had crossed the ominous thirty boundary when the whole of my life underwent a most thrilling change. It occurred in this wise : We had returned from a visit to Christchnrch and had brought a young friend of Geoffry's to spend a few weeks with us. Geoffry come to me one day with a request that I should go up tha mountains on a camping excursion, while he and his friend hunted all the wild things they could see. I could not arrange it, not feeling well, and for some time refused him, but he^coared and petted me till at.last I gave way against my own judgrueritas Br. Clark, his general companion, was unable to go with him on account of the expected ar rival of a friend from the old country. ' Good-bye, mother sweetest. I won't camp this time. We will wait till you come heme — nothing perfect without you. I shall be home at eight to tea.1' ' Good-bye, my.-eon of sons. Lettice will make your favorite cakes,' I gaily answered my bright-faced hid. Alas ! gazing casually out of the window | up the mountain path about five o'clock I wair startled at eeeing a queer little procession slowly *n ulri^g its.way down r first my box's friend, Harry Haleomb, then two men cany? ing someone, followed by my^boy'fl^D^eatf dog, Bnmo, with drooping head and^j^?t/i ' Heavens, my boy isdead-I'^I^ficreamed and flew up the path to meet them. # Harry ran on. * * 'Dear Mrs. Barton, Geoff, is hurt, bnt not dead,' he called out. 'Thank Clod!' I cried, my hands holding my heart tight. x ' Mother darling, don't cry. I'll soon be all right,' whispered Geoff, as I took his hand and bent over him. ' Hush, 'my child; do not epeak. Mother will take care of yon.' Twice he fainted with agony before we got him undressed And laid' in my t largest room, for his lsgy was badly brofcen in two places and the pain was' intenBe. Servants had gone flying' for Dr. Clarke, and in a short time I heard some one come into the room where % was kneeling holding my darlingTa hands. W. H. ' 6^ 