A VISIT TO BROADMOOR. Face to Face with the Criminal. "When the net of ovidence began thus to close round one man — when it had been established beyond all reasonable doubt that the perpetrator of the "Whitechapel muruers was unaer une- iocs ana lrcy oi the law — two representatives of the Stm went to Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum, in ordor to come face to face with that inscrutable criminal. Inquiry at the central entrance showed that Dr. Nicholson, the medical superin tendent, was awaiting his oxpccted visitors at his house, a charming little villa situated under, the lees of the vast asylum, and overlooking from its drawing- room windows the beautiful valley which stretches away towards Aldershot. Dr. Kioholsonis a Scotchman, whose geniality has survived many yearB of oiose ac quaintance with the worst ruffians in Great -Britain. The position taken up by Br. Kioliol- son was a very simple one. He was always glad to show visitors over the asylum who came armed with the official permit, and would, of course, give all the information that lay iu his power as to any particular inmate whom he was questioned about. The mention of the mime of the one man above all others in whoui the representatives of the Sun wero interested- caused the pro duction of a large browh envelope, whioh contained tho whole of the documents relative to the case for ivhioh lie was incarcerated iu Broadmoor. In these thero was natu rally no mention of his supposed con nection with the Whiteohapel crimes, and Dr. Nicholson was absolutely astonished, not to say inoredulous, when informed as to the identity of tho wretohed.liinatio in whom he had previously taken no more than an official interest. However, 'it was but natural to expect that Dr. Nicholson would not commit himself to any opinion or give any help towards elucidating tho mystery other than so far as lay in liis power by showing the repre sentatives of tho Sun every hole and corner of the asylum. In due courso he conducted his . visitors to tho dangerous ward. . Perhaps we wero depressed (writes one of the representatives of the Sun) hj the morbid surroundings, added to a hyper sensitive appreciation of the strange, wild, devilish personality of the man wo were ubout to see. "Whatever the feeling, there can be no doubt that somo 'of the brightness had gone from the sunlight, some of the purity from tho air, as we looked out through n grated window into a spacious courtyard of asphalt, bounded on two sides by a high wall, and on the others by the tall buildings which shut out the now declining rays of the January sun. In this chill and dreary enclosed space some. 50 mon'wero taking moody exercise or loitering aimlessly in small groups. The chiiof warder in our com pany looked keohly for the man yhose name we had given, and at last he qx- cluimed,." There he is !" He poiuted to a solitary figure saunter ing in the shade of the farthest wall, removed to the utmost possible extent from his fellows, with cap pulled closely do wn over hiB ey es, with hands deep in his pockbtB, and with rough overcoat thrown lobsely about his shoulders and tightly buttoned underneath his chin. Tho sight of this hopeless, dejooted figure, skulking' there in tho distunoo — morose and apart from all human com panionship — was a thing never to be for gotten. The fierce and demoniacal assooiationB conneoted with his name; the brutal and bestial crimes committed by the man in tbo silent watches of the night, tho mystery and terror and horror whioh for" years surrounded his un known personality — all these considera tions . held us spellbound, silent oppressed, and saddened in spirit, as wo gazed through the iron bars at the slowly- moving figure beneath tho opposito wall. The ghosts of tho viotims of this wrotohed man seerood to troop by his Bide in the gloom of solitude. Wo pictured to our- solveB the/ ghastly procession, and tho appalling images .possessed us to the oxclusion of words. It was therefore a great relief to us when Dr. Nicholson said, addressing ono of tho warders, " Bring him hero." Face to Face. "We passed iuto a little office olose at hand, and, a minute later, " Jack the Rippor " entered with his guard. Two wavdorB guided his uncertain steps towards , a corner, which waB flooded with light, from a window, and J)r. Nioholson, stopping forward, said in cheery tones : " Well, my man, how are you ?" No verbal response came from this etrango being, but, as if seized with somo sudden conception of what was required of him, ho toro off his looholy knotted neoktie, opened his ehirt collar, bared his breast, and oxpanded his chest in a manner suggestive of ono undergoing a medical examination, but never a word .did he uttor. Tho medical superintendent humoured his fanoy, and tapped tho region of his lungs, saying, "Yes, yes, that's all right. You are in capital form. You are quite comfortable here, are you not ?" - No nnswer. " Come, now, won't you toll; those gentlemen how you are- getting on? They would be very glad to hear that you were well." . It was useless. The voice of the "White- chapol fiend whoso tones axe treasured up in the preternnturally acute sound- memories of a blind boy — will never again he heard on earth by othor than a warder in Broadmoor Asylum. 'Ho took not the slightest notice of the doctor, nor did he evinoo the least interest in his sur roundings or in the strangers who wero looking at him. -. His faoe was abso lutely,- animal and unintelligent. If there was aught of bouI in that poor tenement of clay it was shrouded in murky riiists which blotted out recol lection and dulled perception. The man's eyes had a morbid fascination for me, and, ae I afterwards found, for my com panion. They looked out into vacuity- dull, vacant, unconscious of life, or care, or hope. They were not ferocious, but simply stolid, like the glass eyes of a lay figure. Thoy implied to us that to suoh a man all actions were possible — that to their owner it was as simple a thing to use a knife upon a human throat as upon npieoe of thick twiBt tobacco. As we. gazed at him we wondered whether awful visions of the past did not at times Hit across his brain and twinge with horror that impassive face — visions of squalid ill- lighted streets and alleys, with draggle- tailed women, of whispered consultations, of sudden stabbing and backing at palpi- taring bodies, of hairbreadth escapes from capture, and mad races for life through the dnrknesB and gloom of London. But if such dreams come to " Jaok the Ripper," waking or aBleep, there were no signs of them, iu his livid face on this occasion. "When, in dull and stupid manner, he perceived that apparently no further examination was required of him he fastened his shirt, but slightly resisted one of the warders who attempted to arrange his scarf for him. The coarse mouth and fish-like eyes were still expressionless, and the motion of resist ance was only visible by a momentary use of his hands. \- Living Death. Then he did a strange thing. He grasped his throat with his loft hand, throw hack his head, and placed his right' hand at the base of tbo skull. "What he meant by this action neither Dr. Nicholson nor the attendant warder knew. " He never Bpeaks now," said the medical superintendent, " and he' is in the final and most troublesome stage of lonaoy, having lost hi6 self respeot." The ohief warder told us of Bomo of tho dis gusting and degrading habits practised by this miserable wretch— habits tho mere recital of which made one loathe to he in his presence, and which were yet strangely in accord with our preconceived notions of that whioh the man must he in order to ho capable of the aots which are laid to his store. One more question was necessary ho- foro tho warder who had "Jaok the Ripper " in oharge took him out of our presence. " How does he eat his food ?" ono of us asked. " With either right or loft hand. ' Ho doesn't seem to care whioh, sir," came the answer — another link in our, chain, of ovidence, and all the morn valuable because it was unconscious,, as the pifipial had not the least knowledge of tne real identity of the man whom ho had watohed during the -past three years. At last the 'unkempt, hnegaril, soulless man was led out into the open air again, and he promptly walked aoross the court yard to his haunt by tho side of tho de serted Avail. Here ho resumed his aimless stroll backwards and forwards, with bent head and rounded shoulders- screened from ouriouB eyes by slouched cap and cape-like ooat. And hero we left him, to turn with a great gladness to the outer light, to the beauty of the treesand the sky/to the environment of refreshing nature, as a relief from the morbid night mare of seeing and almost conversing with ono who looked like a deathly and pallid figure risen from the marble slabs of the morgue. . ' . / 