SINNING IN VAIN. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] IN TWO CHAPTERS.-1. BY HARRY BLYTH, Ttir.T were' both bnuitifnl in distinut ways, and tbe ono bon> no n-scmhl.inm to the other. Nora Itiycc was fair and airy. Hsi'ii locks, large Uuo % eyrs, and a slight figure suggested in ethcrenliMii which was wanting in the broader linn of thn pas.ionat.ly dark Hetty Jlclton. They both were seen to their hot jdvantsgo when togetlnr. The very nmki-ri .liir.rrnro in thtir charm* lieighlAwl the . ffrcl. SVrhnps this iswhy tln-y had so quickly t«l«)ii to inc another. Fortune luil liw as arbitrary in !irr trr.itment to them as Nature. Nora had 'io ixNligrco to iKwst n r, hut fhe i>us>esvd wealth. Hntty could trice her ducrnl through ihn renluriia, l>ut could nut always cominaud a CS- notc. Socitty gave them nn ci)U«l amount of welcome, fur, after all. gold does alnnn lor lack of auccslry if thtrc bo " good style " with it. At the time this narrative o|>cn<, Hetty Mellon was slaying with her friend's partrnts at Tho soft fragranre of tho second crop of buy Slle.l th<! air. There was boating on tho river, which ran through the ground*. S<-a trips were tu lie hart within easy driving <ii«tmicv. P]iort xu pltntiful. and theie w.-n- iMighllul «alk» and rides round them, t<> m iu>thin,> i.f Hi.- Hell urclninls "junkelo," and eiottel cream. It was a f.lisfyinf ctlange from the dust of l.u:i ■lou. There «as much visitin? and receiving of <ue«t«, wi th" lively Htttv hid no cjxu>e for Tomplaiuing or dulnors. Indeed, she wuuld been cmipleirli happy hut for the pang winch Iho contrast betimn ti.r friclld'k wealth and Her hu|ie wa* a rich mirriage, and this, slw IMMibin omlinge'iiry. It was gntifyiilg for her to w« tliat N,.ra |iersutrntly lell 111., field to herself when dnirable men wrr« in the bouse. This attitude on the part uf her friend piiid-l her not a li'tle. .She ronsiikred it .|iinc- at rariaurc with a girl'* j.niixr in-tiucti. But clvn she had alwav» LxAid on Mis, I'.iyre ,» •'• Th« .lay »ill 1« p.m.- l^fore in s'arl." riu «aid wilh (H-tulaiu'e tine line ni.imin*. ,i« sho sat wntehinp Nora busy at her pretty little Mritmg des't. Hitty had l>ern .In.-.M^I for quit.; a .pi.t't.T of ai, hour, so Uicrv ».i >..m.- n»uu for hei Miuw of im;iatieiic.. "We slmll never gel to ll.irum and bark in time fur luni.li." " Oh. jes, we shall." relumed Nura, turning her briph't race up. " I shan't be a moment, <le.<r I must limi-I, this letter." •• Tlirn- will Ix; lime nmugh for that later on The bag i» not roll.Tt«-.i until foi:r." "There are Mime littrrs."' wns iuo grave answer, "\<hirh.>licd.><-Miotr.ire to lru>liii the bag—some, you kuutv, Hetty, ouo tircfrrs to post oneself." " Only love letters." Hetty s|h,!ic »ith eon tempt and twiscd her raven h.ad. " Hr that as it may." laughed Nora, •• I b»vc fmi- lie.l now, and it wuli't take me two minutes to drew." She was as good as her wor.l, but then hhe bad only to put her bat nn. l>unng tho drive into the old tonn they -chatted together nurrily. and the sui.jtct of tlrt letter seemed to be furcottcii by both. At ' the lost office llettyV k.<n eyes watched the njisMVe as ii iirop|R.il into the bux. " Tl>.« !" she riclaimed, " 1 was right nfler all. It is a luve letter. 1 saw • E W nne ' on .tlx-luck. ** Well," answered Nora calmly, " supposing it i» r Purely. 1 may have my little • allair ' as well as anyone els.-. Besides, p.il»a ami lroimna know all about it." , •• What a sly wrrtch you are,"' said Ili-tly. r" you have nevrr hn- athnl a «onl of it tu me." " I wautel to give ynj a Mirprii,?. He is -roming down here in a few day*. 1 butiv you .will like him." " Take rare he docs not like m*:," rfturni.il Hetty ji>tin B !y. " Of cour.v, he is bai.d»mr. rich, aud all that sort uf thins." ■ " You don't s'.ipi«se I would rncagr myself ■toarlo»n,"iaidNora in the s^im.: l.ant,-rin s .»pirit. •• Not one has ever met George Fairfax and no*, liked him." A inllnr woi-m- than that of death spread over Hetty's fr..~f. For a m.mrut ►lie felt that her ScJiv. UU I<ftlier. Allw^>ao dark. She so quirkly r.i-or. red that tbi> brief cuu'tion was unnoticed by her eompauiuii. " GeorgeVaitfax,"slw t.'peat.a, " 1 think I wa» iutro.loe.-d t«. him at thn WisiV. ' •• What fun." criol the delighted Nora. " I am so glad you know one another. It will be . a surprise to him to see von b<rr." •• It wi!!," »ss tlie miphatie rrjoimlrr. -" V.'Lat a dull hole this Hiram is," ..lie went on - I »ka!l W K l».l uhrn you have il.>:>. your shopping. Tba>c narrow »trecU boto iih iterrihlr." •• Vou dou't look well, ilrar. How impatient .you wtrr to gel htrt 1, anti m»w you arc ui tpiitr ,r uij: hurnr to pet home. I havu douu all I Kanlnl to do. We will'drin- back at once." '■ lli.l vou only come here to post tbitt jett-r r ' •• That'* all." '-can never have had a lotit U-forr." •• 1 thoul.l haru n»rri»l C.rrM Elwiii. ' nn-. the quiet rrply. the voice vlukin;,- a little witli ■ emotion, " but he iluil. It »•>» a s>vat borrow to mi-. But d\»l has U'<ll pnxl U> u:c. llr • hu lul|H-.l me to furgi-ta lilll.-." •• I couUl not lov<\- more than o::c«," iltrlarcd • Hetty decisively. There uraa a qut^r E kam in . lirr eyes its >he *j*oL«. Hack again in the houtc, an>l alont; frr a little in her owu room, llir girl gave rxjiri-M>ion to the fcvlinpi ohirll I;. 1.1 nnil Mtayr.l 1,,t. SUc • .lid not speak hrr feeling a1(.u.1. for folks out- Bide a lunatic asylum mn-ly do. Her thoughts took pretty mucli this form. •• Why couldn't the have lift (iuorf e Fairfax jilone ? No woudix s'ae has been »o imliirer<'ut to every man about thi* plai-i-. Sue *ars fthe is cugaged to him. Ttii* >u^^ukui, if there .be oiii*, must !«■ cf rci.nl .iate. (July two short idodlL^ A^n li? ** cnitrtl tUvotctl to me, and • hraven knows I love him. It is true hi: never ■ propwrd, but he liil me on—lr.l mo on to \- liream my dream*, lie mu't 1-- taught tbat he cannot pUy fast nml Ich>m wilh m« in Mich a : way as this. It is lucky lam here as ho is CGtuing. Xbcv *re t;ot innrnvd. 41 jr dc&r; Nora, I am afraid jou never will Iw Mr*. Fairfax. To ; thv*e whu havu frh.*Ji Ike given, hay the &:rii> \- turrit, but my love is n<iiih all L«r n.oiny, and bo I »i!l prove t,i him. To think Hut -h> \ should come bctwit'ii me and him. The very &U;££e»tiun is maddening to me. How wicketl 'andevill feel." \- In spite of the« iierturbing thoughts Hetty ~wore a rirbonnair mannrr at lunch, and <Uv cn»«d thr merits of Mr. Ceurp- Fairfax with . much vivacity. Nora's father introilmcl the Mibjoct, and Uu;lic.l merrily at his daughter's reticence on the matter of hrr engagement. " I like George." !»■ »i.l heartily, " «n.l I : am sure my daughter will be happy with him. By tlio war," hi- a.!.lcJ, •• hi. friend Walter \- Gould i> coming «ilh him, and u little bird has whi»lH.'n-i1 Uj me that hu la a grt-xt admirtr of you. Hrtty." " I have met him a few times," was iho lie *. mure answer. " I'cssiltly he may havn good taite, but beyond that he has nothing to rccom •• You mean he is poor ? Well, that i« ho, 'but it K-cms eitn-niely probable that whin his . uncle dies hi- will Ik a very wealthy man." " 1 bo|>e m> for his takr," said Hetty. Tu« fact that W«lt<r (iuuld «as coinim: with George Fairfax was uu|<liaunt news to Hetty Sho knew that he noulil U for ever at her hrclt. ami this »uuU M-iiuusly inWrfue with the complete monopoly of his friend she had promi>ed herself. Her irriUliou made her be lieve that lbs Fates themselves were leagued apiiii't her. When the two younj men arrivtJ, Walter's attentions to In r left her little or no op|wr luuily of winning Fairfax from the side of N.-a. This was exasperating to the last ilrgrcr, «r[»-cially as her coldness only increased Mr. /Mould's ardour. " Why do you iiersist in tantalising so i" said the last- named grntlcman, one cveuing, ■when he and Hetty found themselves alone vamongthe trees. ". " I tantalise you r" cried the rirl. " Really, IJIr. Gould, I don't understand what you mean." ' " Nonsense," he returned hotly, " you know j quite well that I love you. tbat I am devoted to I you. One daj you are kindness itself, and the I next we meet as stranger*. This is not fair I treatment, Hetty, and I am too passionate to ' tolerate it any longer. Vou hold my heart. j Tell me truly whether I may hope ever to win [jours? 1 " It is'a rough wooing." she said with a smile. ' " But an honest one," be pleaded. " I shall never love again as I love you. Hetty, be kipd tome. Give me the right to call you my own ■ to the end of our flays." * :B* looked flushed, earnest, wistful. She was quite calm, and there was no sign of aflcc tion fh her cold gaxe. " Mr. Gould," she said, "I m sorry this hu happened., I bad no idea that 1 had excited ■my such hope in your hrenst. I shall nlnays durmh your friendship. 1 Miwild Ut doing you a great wrong if 1 alluWeri you to li.ti-j fur A del-p sigh esrapod him. .. r ** 1 am heavily hit*" he mummied, "but even tbia ii> better than tho torture or tbu un certainly I have endured tho last few weeks. I fthallleave hero to-morrow, and it is possible we may not meet again." " I shall always bo glad to sec you," sho an- Mvcrcd, in a low tone, and they walked lucV lii th« house in nilonee. Sha wan too restless to re'Ain long indoors. Shn was glad to steal out into tho open nir again, and liv with her own thought*. My th« river she met Ueorge Fairfax, who arked her ir sho had seen Gould. •• He went intii the house n little whiln ago," she replied. "I have nntyet congratulated you on your engagement," she added : " in deed, thus is the first tium wo liavo been to gether since you liavo been here." \\* Yts !" something in her tonn laido him warch her fare with xnUml. " I hn|x> 1 slu.ll !•<• able to felicitate (Jould on his good fortune. Have you accrptcri him ?" " No. How can you ask such a question ? Have ynil formal ten all that l>a* rnstoil between you and me ? It is one life, one love, with me." She lint her arm in bis, and looked up into his fare pilcouidy. " Good heaven*, nr.tty," ho cried in dis tress, •' do not talk in that strain. Wu have Ilirtvd, it is true, but I always imagined it was Could yon cared for. Now that ho hss come into money there is no reason why you should " Youmny despise me if you like," she said, ■■ but the truth will out. I thought you had Mtt your heart on me, and tbe awakening from my dream is us bitter as death." " I'oor girl, poor girl." He tried to soothe her with tender speeches. Beforo they joined the others be had kissed her u a brother might a sister. " He loyw mo still," she siid to honclf; "bo lores me still, and I will win him yet' I am glad I did not know that Gould ha); mouey It v>ig!it have altered iny answer to bits, and 1; shimld have lost George for ever." On tho following morning Gould returned to London, and, a few days afterward.*, George Fairfax followed him. CHAPTER 11. ■• Walter, my boy, you look as thin as a lathe and as pale as a ghost. Women have i i-plendid theory that men do not fool luvc dis nri|xiintmeiit*,bulyouraffair with Hetty Melton terms to havo knocked you over altogether." The speaker was Gcorgn Fairfax, and tbe place his snug chambers in the Albany. " I f.t-1 horribly needy. The worst or it is I ran t drive her ont of my mind. I know I am a r mfoundml aas to bother myself any more about her, bull can't help it. Do you know, (Jeorgr, I sometimes fancy sho loves you." " I hope not," was the steady reply. " Funny hnw tha obstinacy of human nature make* ix-uplc rio the wrong thing. Folks seem to take a delight in breaking their own heart*, just as rhil<lr.n like to tear up their toys. lam not sure that in the old days I might not bavo pro posed to Hetty, but I always regarded her as belonging to you. Of course, you know you have no rival in me, old boy T " Oh, yes. Unfortunately that docs not uelp matten. Itillioe has placrd bis yacht at my .lisixnal, and I think of • doing ' the Mediter ranean. Be a good fellow and join roe." •• Thank.. Frankly, I must decline. The love sick Hnmeo is never a pleasant com panion, and there's meUl at home more attrac tive. If Hetty had accepted you, you would not run awav. You we I have Nora—" '■ Kicelleiit reason," said Walter, with an attempt at a smile, " and I arcrus it. Tho trip promises to 1« a delightful one/ " I am sure I would enjoy it «ro I free." His servant entered with a tetter for him. " .!u>t a moment," said U<x>rge to bis friend, " I'll sco what this is." Tho controls of the rustle changed bis whoin immurr, sent the blood from bis chocks, the light from bis eyes. " Kicuw tm> fi» a few minute*,'' he said (o Uould. " 1 must answer this at once. Don't go away. I may go wiUi you to tho Mediter ranean after all." .Mu:ic iu another room lir buried bis face in his hands aud irroane.l aloud. The communica tion he had received was sufficient to ujiset a nun of even stronger nerve. The cuivrlojw ronUinol three letters. The Grit one be read ran thus : — The two notusl enclose explain thrm llsving your welfare nt heart, 1 am an lious to save you from the wiles of an unscrupulous flirt, whoso vanity is Oldy <ualed by her heartless wickedness. The enclosure roiiustcd ot two letler>—on: m It. on 11 envelope ad.ln-stcd to " Mm Nora Kuve-" llkadpisvd tbruu^h the |>ost aid had U-en o,.md. It was iron. « man who Men.-.! lmi.M-11 " Crral.l," and it conLiiund terms of such nissionaUi derolion as ouly an am ptol Inter would venture to pen. The other «.-.- without any euver. It was iu Nora', band wriUng. winch' Fairfax knew so well. Tliat (.■<.. brcatlu>l alfi-clion in every liue. The <-Uit«-ncc of Nora'* faitblosncas aceraed over whelming to him. n.e blow was a erasing ODO. It was bis nature to ret on the impulse of tho moment. Tin. note addressed to her and the one she had written he immediately despatched to her, wr»ni]iau:cc! by » terse request for an rxpUna tu.i, To Walter Gould he said, " I have bad some 1,.--*- win. h has U|.vt me. I shall be bad com (any fur yau to-day, so you had better leave uio tu itivself. I suppose you won't start for a feu days. Give me to the end of tbe week, and then I will say whether I can go with you Guul.l thought it unwise to press for any cipbnation then. So be left his friend tritb a shake of the band, which was intouded to bo sympathetic. As quirklv as Uie postal arrangemcnU would allow, Fait fu received a reply from Nora. It was one calculated Ui convince him of her duplicity. hjbo thanked him for returning to her the two letters which had been stolen from her desk. She requested that be would also let her bare back tbe diamond brooch which had been taken at the same time. Hu tore the missive intu fragments, aud wrote a few hanty lines to Walter to tbe effect that he wu quite rcatly to start at any moment. " What has happcurd between vou mud Ocorgr ?"ssiil Hetty to Nora one morning ; "I am pure you have hail a quarrel." *4No quarrel," was her sad reply. "We have jiarted fur ever. He has been guilty of a vrrj uicati trick. I have nothing hut coulcmpt for him.'* " Don't Ulk like that," Hetty cried •• he will come down here, and all will he explained." '* Ho cauaot coma down here, lla has gone Abroad." Hcttj unk into a chair. " Gone abroad .'" she repeated, in a hopeless voice. "Why didn't he come here first ? Where his tie gone to ?" " 1 do not know. Ido not want to know." Nora's silent grief was tad to lee. At the •lays pasai-d, she grew thinner, and more hollow Ix-came her eyes. Hetty suffered in a diiTircnl way, ami ]>crhapa harder, for she had to a-Mune a lively tninncr she was far from feeline. The iwssioility of George Fairfax going away limit never occurn.il to her. She hail schemed to separate him from Nora, and win him for herself, and uunr »bu wa» farther from her goal thin ever. He hail nothing of uiomrnt to kcrp him in England. He might remain away for years, or eveu KtUe abroad. It added moru gall to her bitterness of fpirit to ltarn that Walter Gould had accompanied him. She had lost both when she thought her self most clever. Nora's fragile frame bore op badly over this, her momml love disappointment. 'ITio doctors bad to be called in, and a variety of remediea were tried, and in vaio. There were no drugs that could kill the canker eating away her braui and preyiug on her heart. l'inally the inevitable "change of scene" was recommended, and a sojourn in the island of Sicily determined on. Sir. Iluyce begged Hetty Melton to ac company his daughter,- and this young lady very gladly accepted tho offer. She needed aoofthing to distract her gnawing thoughts as much as the acknowledged invalid did. They had not been many days in Palermo before they came face to face with Walter Gould and tieorge Fairfax. Tho latter turned his eyes in another direc tion, but Walter remained a minute or so in conversation with them. " We most dear out of here," niil George, when his friend rejoined him, '• I can't breathe the same atmosphere with that girl." "My dear Fairfii,"retnrric\Hheothtr, "what your dispute with Miss Itoyoe may lie I do not know, for you have not thought it wise to enlighten me on that point. 1 have seen toe girl I lore, and I am going to make a second attempt to win her. 1 shall stay hen a month. If you can: to cruise about during this interval do to by all means. Hen I remain." ' " Plain speaking at all events," said George. ** You may remember that there was someone who coned his ' candid (riend, 1 but lam not likely to taJu that course with too. I shall return to the yacht at once, and—well, I with you better luck with jour turning tcHss Uun I b*4 Bivsttf." •• Good," laughed Writer, " bat don't forgot to call for me this day iiumtli nr thereabout*. That .-veiling liu c«|M tin Urn two girls. Hetty's first question wan,' " What have you doim with your Irien.r?"' ,' •;Oh, answered Walter. " he does not care for Palermo. Hu has aiiled away." Il.tlj'niienrt I ill nt this news: It had no vi<il,l« .tteet on Non>. Klin Ml lhatjthere rnnlil bn no future for her with Omit" Fairfax. The shocking ehni, K u whieh had cotim over Nora deeply excited (luuhl's sympathy. He paid her considerable, attention, and in Iho ex cursion* they iiumlii' daily afterwards he km always nt lirr »id.\ rendering her it thousand knil-uiii-liUlosmricvs. I Ii» behaviour ciule.l nil tlio irritation and j«ilousy in Hetty's natum. ?ho bognn to think Uiat after all she could tolcrat.: (..outd, oitccially at hit wan now wealthy. She n>< angrywithhcrsclt forhaving rejirUM him. There seemed to lie noebnnoe of securing llmrgo Fairfax. It was annoying to wo Nora taking up all Walter'* time. Hetty wondered whether ho hid lost or forgotten his old ]u*.iion for hinwtf. Why should both these men run after that " poor ghost •of a thing." Nora ? • •* Von look wnndrously well. Mr. Gould," she Mill to him one afternoon, aa they sat wash ing the blue m kissing Iho yellow stones. N'om hul It-It 100 ill to go out with' (hem. •' It is not long muco you were quits inelo dramic in your misery. I suppose a man ia never really ' heavily hit,' as you call it." She had turned the conversation in the. pre ciso direction he wished. " To Ihi candid with you .Jliw Helton, I felt your rejection keenly. I suffer from it still. Surely you will not wish to sco ono whining over it? I can cnduru and bear u > m»u should." "Has the world not yet taught you never to tako a woman's Ur»t refusal a* a final onu ?' She drew herself a little closer to Lim as the spoke. " Which means— ?" be »poVo slowly. " That I have felt as much pain us you. I would not give you the samo answer uow as I did then." Walter did not let his golden moment slip. He put bis arm round her and Muted her with a fervour that flushed her chocks ami Uncled herhair. " You lore me then '(" he cried, catching his breath with difficulty. " Yen, and I always luvo." Though it was not no, «hc believed at that moment she spoke the truth. "Thcro is one thing you most do. she adneu afcer a little ; " you must bring George Fairfax back to Nora." " 1 fenr Hint is heyond my power. Hollas never taken mo into his confidence over this unhappy rn'trangcmriit. Ho is quite rmolved never tu see her again, and she evidently docs not wi»h to wo him." " Nora ha« told mecverytliinfr. 1 have made some iuquiricc myself, and I am wire, Walter, if wo put our head* together, wo can mako them once more happy. I want it so much. I am tired or seeing Ixrr no ill and wretched. I would give much now to nndo the wrong that has been done Nora w»» engage.! before, you know, at least you don't know, for Nora never talks .ilutil it lu anyone. It in a closed subject. Gerald Klwiu waslm in.nc. He did suddenly. At tin- time it M-cmed to brvak her heart, Sue found her own letter* to him among lu's papers, .-ind these, with the ones he had sent to her. ►ho ebtrisKi-d. tximeonc. who had an ill-will to Mr. Fairfax, took ono of each out of her desk and sent them Ui him. There wero no dales on them, and even on Iho envelope con- Uining ono th« postal mark was unreliable, a» often happens. Mr. Fairfax naturally con cluded tint tbi-M- communication* wcreof recent origin, and ho sent Uicm luck to Nora with a sharp not*-. The poor girl quite as risuum ably concludril that be hail tampered with her desk, and bad ololnv Uie notes. So it is iu this war that this trouble ha* come about. Sea him and tell him this. Bring him to her. I went to ko tbei-i happy uow—now that I have you." " I should like to get hold of this scoundrel who phyd tbr dirty trick," declared Walter. '■ I shall only l« 100 glad to lie thn means of making matter* right lietwcrn tieorge and >I'ini Itojrr. I'uor fellow ! Ilu has tuffirnl almost a-i much as I have. A* for Mim Itoyee. it is rasy to *t!e that a reconciliation will save her life. Fairfax will lu here in a few .lay* now. We mu>t wait until lie arrive-.- As 1 dou'l know "litre he is. it i> imiiouibli: for me to communicate with him.' For a moment Hetty's fare was a study in |icrpTexily. Had she impulsively made a false move ? A little contention determined her thatnUeluil. It waa too lata now to go hick, and !.h« made herself a> happy as idle could m thn ten4enie*» uhich Wnltrr kUoweml on her. Kori r.-c.irnl the Mm of her friend's ungagi inenl tu Mr. (iould with genuine plcauiro tiugol with Iho mounifulneM becotten i>f her own •lee)i and bitter sorrow. It bad been agreed that nuthing should In (aid to her about the purluim-d letters until George Fairfax binuelf appeared on the scene. When at la*t he arrived at Palermo, he listened to Walter Qould's explanations with " I b>ve wruiign! the |«or girl deeply," he taid, "and i>hr, quite unknowingly, has wronged me. 1 will co to tier at once." The twofriend*wcntiogethcr,andthey found Hetty and Nora by themselves. ** I have come," said George, "to beg your forgivcucas, Nora, for the wicked doubU I bad about your faithfulness to me. You have al*> nuncd wrong nuliuns aliout me. The clouds that have been between us can now be diipelleri by my friend here. We have been playing at cross purpose*. lam hopeful that to-day will bring us the old brichUtcu hack again." Nora looked gladly up at him. Had they been alone it is more than probable a reconcilia tion would have, been effected without the aid of cither Mr. Gould or Hetty. Walter rrjK-.ied substantially the story he had been told by the last-named young inly, Nora wu silent until ho had Huulicd. Then, with sudden and unexpected vigour, »ho cried— " Who cxpliincd all this to you ?" Hetty mule a movemeut toprevcut Mr. Gould from answering, but hn did not we it. "Why, the dearett little woman in Urn world —my wifo that is to be—Hetty Helton." •*Thcn," declared Nora, **»he, and idle alone, must be the thief. No one, except the |htsoii who robbed me and mynelf ever knew of my low. Oh. Hetty, Hcttv," moaned the girl, breaking down, "how could you ba h> wickedly cruel ? You must have stolen my brooch, too, and you know how I prized that." The men gaxod at each other doiiatringly. This denouement was totally uuei|x-cled. Hetty Melton drew hrm If up to her full height. Her eyes daubed flame?. " I have done my best," she Mid in a cold, •low way, " tu reconcile you and Mr. Fairfax. It seems I have succeeded. For my pains I have a wicked accusation hurled at me. I think, Nora, that too much love has turned your brain. Mr. Uould," she added, turning to him with quite a grand air, " I shall rely on your belp to vindicate my character. We had better leave these people." Before she reached the door, Walter following her in a doubtful way, it was flung open and the proprietor of the place in which they were staying, nubed in, his excitement being bound lesa. " The young ladles are to be congratulated." be cried, " a thief has been iuto their rooms. But wo have caught him, oh, yes, he is caught. He was in the apartment of Millie. Melton, and very busy with her trunks. He bad sccurud this lovely diamond brooch, hut we were too quick fur him, ami sec, I have it here quite safe. Oh. the rascal*, the common thing* are not good enough for them." " Thank you," said Nora, gravely ; " that is my brooch." Hetty looked round her, haughtily. Curiously euougb, all her scorn was reserved for poor Walter Gould. "1 supiKMM*," she said, in freexiog tones, "you are not man enough Ui accompany mo from this bouse, where 1 bare been so grossly insulted." He said nothing. He contented himself with bowing profoundly to her. Shu travelled back to England alone, probably uliaflod on one point, that it is rather au irritating performance to sin in vain. 