Character in Political. At the Presbyterian Church, Port Mel bourne, ou Sunday night, the Rev. J. ML. Abernethy preached on the above subject taking as his text Ma '.t. xii.,35 — " A good man out of the good treasure of the heart bringeth forth good things, and an evil man out of the evil treasure bringeth forth evil things." If any one of us were engaging a man to conduct our business, we would make abundant inquiry into his character, but in choosing our Parliamentary represent itives, we were apt to forget to ask, Wnat is the caudidate'8 character? — to judge him only by his utterance of some particular political shibboleth. At one time the cry rang from a hundred platforms that Victoria was to be made " a glorious country for the workingtnan ; ® aud every speaker painted idyllic picture of vine-clad hills and fertile fields, and plains dotted with sheep and cattle— of a pros perous and happy peasantry — ot workmen well-fed and contented. Nothing but idle dreams ! What have we instead ? Farmers giving ' up in despair, the Shearers' war, the necessity for the Queensland Peace Preserva tion Bill, sweating in the tailoring trade and strikes among the bootmakers, grievous want, borne witness to by the statistics of the relief branch of the Salvation Army and by all the benevolent societies of the suburbs. A terrible condition of things, truly ! but not hopeless, with our magnificent natural advantages. The remedy lies with tbe electors. Every voter must regard, the fran chise as a sacred trust, to be used for the glory of God and tor the country's good. The advice of the Apostles on tbe eve of an election (Acta vi. 3) fits our circumstances as well as though one had specially asked them to speak to people in Victoria, who would hold an election in 1894. "Look ve out men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and of wisdom." We do not want faddists or extremists — men who wonld cure all ills of the bedy politic by heavy doses of Socialism, or Pro tection, or Freetrade. We want men of known and tried character. The sermon concluded with an eloquent appeal to fathers of families to let their ohildren see tbe highest positions in the land reserved for men of the highest character, for men whose lives can be held up as examples in the family. 