W E PEJGELL! AN OUTCAST. B* JOSEPH HOCKING, Author of " The Story of Andrew Fairfax," " Jabe* Easterhrook," "ZfflaV'&o;, [AIIL RIGHTS BESKBYED.] CHAPTER II.—CONTINUSD. r A. few days later Mr. Roberta returned from Melbourne. He had not enjoyed his visit, lie said, and was net BO keen at bargaining as he . used to be. He hoped Ishmael -would go in the future, and the a he looked towards his daughter, as if wondering whether the young man had spoken while he had been awr y. " Yen posted my letter ?" said Ishmael, at length. " Yes," replied Richard, " I managed to do thai*,and 1 bought a paper for you. I<{ thought you might be interested in it. It's an oldish one, but I see it's printed at Truro, and as you told me you corned from the West of England, I knowed it wonll interest you more than a later one that might be printed in London. Here it is, The West Briton. The chap as sold it to me told me he only got it by accident." ^ He handed the paper'to Ishmael, who went out alone to read it. it was the first communication he Had received from there, and where his heart's love stall remained, and he wanted to be alone and in silence as he read it. The firstpage interested him but little, neither did the second, although he read several items about the markets of Bodmin, Liskeard, St. Austell, and many other places with a carious feeling at heart. It seemed so strange that he, away in Australia, should be reading accounts of the doings of people in the county of his boyhood. Presently his heart gave a throb, and the blood receded from his face, while for a second his trembled so that he dropped , the paper. He picked it up again immediately, however, and this was what be read :— " There were great rejoicings at Coombshead, the seat of Francis Betallick, Bsq., on Wednesday last, on the homecoming of Mr. Frank Betallick with his fair young bride. > Oar readers will remember the festivities on the occasion of their marriage, recorded in .this'paper some time ago. Since then they have been to the South of France, and Italy, also across the Mediterranean to Algiers. Evidently they have spent an exceedingly happy honeymoon, for both look well and very joyous. The young bride, especially, entered into the spirit of the festivities on Wednesday, not allowing the shadow which fell on her fife by the sudden and sad death of her fatherto interfere with tbe natural gaiety ; of the occasion. We heartily wi£ the young couple every blessing, and hare no doubt that in due. time the young squire will represent or interests inthe House At first Iahmaalread this in a distzactedsortof way, but presently its meaning became more tdaar to him. Grace, the maiden Whom he had fondly called his Grace,had wedded Frank BeUM, She hadfrilfilledhervow. He knew-what was beoome of her now,and a shadowaablackas lught hadfallenupon All these months, in epite of everything, aehada- sortof hope that Grace would refnse to become Betallick's wife. Surely she who had oonfessed her love for him, • who had clungtohim when he bade her go, would ueverf^lfil a promise made ina mrtnent of madJnnzy; Not-"thatheeoc- . *<» he haddnvem ber father to death; but lie had a sort of feeling that somehow ehe would refuse tolink ber life withamanwhom on her own confession she did not love. , But that was over 'now. 3® ^ W and joyous— that ehe had forgottenaJl sadness, ay, and forgotten hor fond VOWBO! love which she had made to him. t He laughed a hard bitter laugh, like the Ishmael cf old time The cold cruel look came back , to bis eyes, bis face became BWtei fnd cynical, like it was before be realised his love. For a momentbe wftnort regretted the step be had taken, andfelt tempted to go back to England and claim his nghtB. Why should be not f Why Ghpold this false, ficklecreature enjoy his wealth with a man foe whom ihe bad forsaken himP But this feeling only possessed his heart for a moment. No sooner did the thought enter his mind ttan he repelled it, for he Mtthathis love for Grace was as strong as ever. He dared not ruin her ^happiness by going back. No, no ; the sacrifice should be complete. He would be as nobody, he would spend ihe Jew years of his life in loneliness aad solitude, and then he would die, unknown and uncared-for. For hours he walked alone in the solitude of the Australian farm,and alone be fought his battle. Surely it wa3 well for Grace that she did not know, well for herthat 3n her ease' and gladness she did not realize that this great-hearted man dragged out houiacf agony because she had discarded him. '•.''.'•'••'• Still, he felt that somehow God wag just . Grace ought to be happy, for she was free nam goat, while he who had sown the seeds rf^lute must xeap. And be was reaping, reaping a harvest that was maddening him. He realized more ever tiiathell was uot a place, thatit was a condition of the heart and life, aad that whether inHnglandor inthe solitudeo! Australia, it mattered not, for he carried his sorrow with him. Stall, be could not help loving Grace. Srue.ehe was another man'e wife, and ehe had condemned him without fair judgment, but this could not kill hia lovej ay, j^waa elad of his love, too. lt was Will the bright epot inhis life/it wis'still we say that shone from heaven. "While juslovedher he was not a lost man, and ^w^^i^ hc^tesathough it was, be was too, his hopeless love made himfeel that must be a werli beyond, and that in «>at$reat life he would claim as his the heart he did not understand. And thus, after many hours of battling, sort of peaoe came upon him. He knew he werst, and after a time a great quiet trength cakue into his heart. Somehow; hiB sorrow, sybis very despair, led bim out into a laiger hope and life, Dim yet. out still not unreal | and lie fdOt that somehow the God who'had'given the harvest so justly, would irithegreatsweepof Eternity explain to him,eo<that he might Explain to her, the mystery of, their past pun. On the fpllowisg day hB noticed how and and considerate Mary ;Boberfe was, sod hesaw.too/hbw anxious her father • him to takethe burden ofreeponandcare fromhia shoulders. But oould «ot tiiink dnkcftimtyet^periiaps Itiiaelw-: fcgeethatthe course of his "e weeks |<ffl passed away, ibened into wmtiis, aad Ishmad beat Gcaoe .buttiie lovewi® •to I seek l m iaafeyUS Perhaps, if be wedded Mary Roberts, he might forget Grace—at least, in that way. Day by day be saw more and more what a true, simple-minded girl this child of solitude was, and saw, too, bow gladly die received every kind word be spoke. Should he not ask her to be his wife, and then, because of his duty to her, he would crush the love he felt for Grace. What be might have done I know not, for he began to feel careless about happiness or sorrow. He desired to do right, but somehow, his mind was clouded and a great weight rested upon him. But his interest was slightly aroused by a message from John Fraser, asking him to come and give bim some advice in relation to bis siock. He had had very bad luck, so he raid, and a bis idaas " wouldn't do, and he wanted Ishmael to come, and give him a helping hand. Accordingly, one morning Ishmael started to visit John Fraser, thinking, no doubt, that that worthy had squandered bis money, and was in trouble generally, but never dreaming that hifl visit would again link his life to the sorrow of the past, and again place dread alternatives before bim. Yet so it woe, for "The wheels of God grind slowly, . But they grind exceeding smalL" And so, in spite of his hopelessness, he was still fed onward by a path which he knew not. CHAPTEE III. LONELY VALLVT. " If thine enemy .hunger, feed him; if be thirst* give him drink."—ST. PAUL. The quality of meroy is not strained j Itdroppeth, as the gentle rain from heaven, Upon the place beneath; it is twice blessed, It bleeseth bim that gives and bim takee: 'Tisanightiest in the mightiest; it becomes The • throned monarch better *his crown— * « • * # * It is an attribute to God Himself; And earthly power doth then show likest God's When mercy seasons justice. —Merchant of Venice. Well, Fraser, what's wrong P" "A man of honor, of principle, of con- I science, of ida&s;, can't get on at all," re-1 plied John gravely. "Been taken in J" Bought some head of cattle cheap, and thfiggptuxned out to be diseased. TLey've all died, and my money's gone "Ah, 8aid lshmael wearily, tell me bow you stand in other matters." A few minutes later, he understood John's position. It was not nearly as bad as be «zpeeted, but was still bad. He needed cattle greatly, and be bad no money to buy. There was no grain to sell, the tame for shearing the sheep iraeiibt7etMme, wbile t» aw tiie Bheep to buy bullookB would be a matter of sblibiiv Peter to pay Patd. - On the whole John waB solvent, but lie sadly needed a helping band in the way of ready mbney." " Do you know of any cattle for sale t" a^ed^hinaeL • Yes ; i* man has some ie sell in Lonely J " 111 go and have a look at them," said Tshmael; ** you may get fiiam cheap. If I eee fit Til buy some, m take your shepherd with me, and yon must do his work." But surely I'm the' man to go with you,"'said John, with dignity. " f No," Baid Ishmael ; *' I couldn't stand your company." He went away towards Lonely Valley, taking Fraser'e shepherd with him. Lonely Valley was a place worthy : its uame. Surrounded by a raDge of hills, it w»s hidden frommght, and while one end ^ ^jvdley^^timied good fertile land, as a nuasmatic 'swamp. A more e could not be found in the wilds of Australia. : After some searching they found, not the farmer, but his servant, who stated that he was empowered to sell the cattle. Ishmael did not like the look of this fellow, and he quickly disooveced that the man waB exceedingly anxious to make a baigain at a price far below their value rather than not sell the cattle at a3L •••• Where is your master P " he asked, The man turned bis fingernorthward. \- " \ will go and see him." "It's no use; He waan't see nobody. He keeps but of sight, and never spea3m. M ^ Wbyf WhaVs Ms naine f " " He's a queer man, he's allays looking round as though he was 'feud. He told me I could sell the bullocks. ^ His name is John Giceen.^ ' . Ishmael watched the man closely, and felt convinced that something was wrong. ** m go and see him," ie repeated. " No use/' said tiie man, kicking a stump" of wood uneasily, " he waan't see you j besides, he's ilL'' " HI! Whafs the scatter with him 9 » a I dunnow, and don't care. I'm not goin* te stay here. *Tis lonely enough to make a man did of the blues. How much H 'ee give for the pows ?" "I mustseeyour master," said IshmaeL "Came, Bill," speaking to Eraser's shepherd, "we'll drive the cattle to Green's loose." • "No," said the nun sulkily; "what's tiie use?" Then he garnished his languagewithseveral oaths. Without a word Ishmael drove the cattlp towards the farmer's house, the man following and expostulating. When be saw that tiiey pald no att«m<m he turned and left them. Evidently he had been seeking to serve bis own ends. After a time they came up to the former's bouse—a poor, dreaxy-looking shanty bmlt <rf nmgb slabs of wood. ISvere were ne signs of fife anywhere. ••; ' The place do Ink deserted," said the shepherd. Ishmael Tapped the door of the hut with his stick, and in reply beard a faint murmur, whereupon he entered. Lying on alow bed in the ccrnsr of the irbom lwsawJ^ fbrmcf aman. He could not see his £ace, fcw it 'was tuned towards the wall, but he judged him to be ill. " I heaxd you had some cattle for sile," L Ishmael, "and I came over to look at them. I did not like the look of your man, and so Ifthought Fd come to you. I did not know you were so ill." He man on the bed mowd uneasily, and groaned. " I've been ill in bed for a week," be said, in weak voice; " before that I could do nothing for a long while. The old woman left me, while the man has been selling everything without consulting " We thought so much," said the shepherd, " that's why we come to you. But Ira you 'ere all 'lone like this P Don't nobody tend on you like* Who gitB yer jnait P" 1 don't want any one," said the sufferer. «l can't eat, I only want drink. I've got a jug of water." f As be spoke, lahmael's band trembled, pnd hiB eyes shone strangely. "Go out and keepjyour eye on the cattle," he said, in a husky voice. The man obeyed, leaving Ishmael alone withthe sufferer. It surely cannot be," be mattered.' "No, lip but he went up to the sick man, a.u^ piflled away the handkerchief which i hiaa |»riiy covered his bead. He saw the fmseti a man, slightly past middle age, wbo *bad evidentiy been shamefully and was in a terrible condition, this, however, did not hide the identity Reuben Tenof the afaSatar. «. -**«u»l was too withen 1 For a mqnent astonished to speak) the man wbtnu thought dead was not d«ad at all, ill spite of everything, a greqt joy «me into bis heart. He had not killed him i But this was only for a moment. Eeuben Pefiwithen alive or B-eubrn Penwithen dead oould sot avail now, for Grace had made her choice, she bad taken her finalstep. The sufferer looked up towards lis visitor with a languid stare. Evidently the few minutes of reason which he had possessed were nearly gone. u Who are you P" be said vscantly. " My God!,' exclaimed fehmaeL " It is he! it i» Reuben Penwithen!" "What is that?" saM the sick man. " Yes, the cows, and the Bheep, and the young cattle, they all' went away, and I am so thirsty. On, my poor head! Never mind, there's a good spring at the end of the bouse, and nobody can find me here. Yes, Pm safe, I'm safe!" He was quite delirious now, and kflew not who was near, while Ishmael realised that his breath was icstid and laden with disease. The young man went out into the open air, and the world seemed s changed place. BUI, the shepherd, wag smoking, while th* cattle quietly graced; all was quiet and restful, and yet to him all was turmoil and confusion. In a few minutes he realised how stood. Eeuben Penwithen had not committed suicide, doubtless he had been afraid when the time had come, and, instead, had left the country bscaue he was afraid of the law. He had come to Lonely Valley Because it was the loneliest and leaat frequented place he could find. All had gone well for a time; bat, when he became ill, the servants had, no doubt, taken advantage of him, and robbed him, and, to end all, they had left him in his sickness and. Borrow. Thus the man who had blighted his life lay ill, perhaps dying, lonely and forsaken The nearest neighbor was many long miles away, and he was without food, help, or friends. The fate which Ishmael, in hiB young days, had hoped would befal Eeuben Penwithen could scarcely be worse than this. Truly, he was avenged 1 The man's life seemed largely in his hands now. He had no friend, no deliverer 1 Well, why should he care ? No doubt the days of his children's monrning were at an end, they had become raigned to hiB supposed death. Why should *— 11 —" mL L he trouble,then? 'This " man had 1 ' blighted, " ' rained his life—let him die 1 If—ah, if Grace's late were not sealed, had he not teen that terrible newspaper paragraph, it might have been to bis advantage to risk hiB 5fe by nursing the fever-stricken man bask to health, aim have taken him back home, and then to have said to Grace, " See, I have saved your father, and have brought him back to you." But that could not be now. She was the wife of another, and had entered gleeMly into the wedding festivities. Suppose he left him, who would know, who would care? "Au eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth." For a long time this feeling possessed him as he wandered alone among the forest glades. Yes, he would take the shepherd back, and lean him. Perhaps be might, for decency's sake, tell about the poor wretch dying alone; but that would be all, for he knew of ao one who would come and nurse hm. _ Evidently he. was. suffering from an attack of fever, the nature of which was well known and greatly dreaded, and he was sure that even if a nurse could be got to attend him, she would not come till too late if he were left alone now. And why shoold not this be the case f He, lihmad, was a soared, hopeless man; why should he seek to nurse MB enemy back to life, and send him back to ms children ? *' 1 say; boSB, what are 'ee agoin' to do ? mi: be dark in thrse hours, and there's a o' fifteenmiles/'shoutodBilL "Itll be bright moonlight," said Ishmael du»tly. "True; but I wants to git back, I do." ** Ytsj wellrwe'll go together." "What aboutghebaistsT" «< Let asm stay." M And the sick man ? I s'pose that snesk of bisll come back to nnxse "Just so," said Ishmael. They had walked perhaps a hundred yards,* while the cattle looked wiatfully after them; Chen Bill said: u Seems kind o' bad to leave 'an, don't it?" " Why f will you go and none him 1" " Not me. Besides, his oan man—that is looks as though he's sot the dark fever." laH tit v ^ . „ M He's left him} you heard him say so. B^s,^tnedtorobhiWr ,J «I don' know nothin' 'bout that, but 'tisn't for me togo back and tend to 'on." Ishmael stopped suddenly. " Bill," he said, "you've got the dog. could take those cattle back." »1 dessay." You " Then do it, and tall Fraser to send word to Mr Boberts that I shan't'be back for a time. I'm going to get a nurse for him.' " But, but " " That'll do. Do as I say. If you can't get back to-nightyon can turn into Harris's place; he'll put you up for the night, 1 « All right" They tuned back, and a fewminutu later Bill was driving Beuben Penwithen's cattle towards John Fxaser's farm. Then Tahmaftt went back to the but .where Beuben Penwithen lfcy. He stopped at the door and listed. The sick man was delirious. He tdked loudly about Grace aud Bertie; he accused himself of being a murderer, all for gun. " Grace is breaking her heart I" he cried, cried. " And eo is Bertie. My poor children 1 Ah) they don't know. Yes, they do. - k s b They will have found out their father's a murderer. That fiend, Ishmael, will let them know. Then they'll loathe me, for they'll be f coined by everybody j and yet I love them so. My poor Amelia's children 1" H I'll do it for Grace's sake," Trimn^] arid. " She is another man's wife, but I love ber still. Ill nurse bim for her sake. If he dies, well, I shall have done my best; and if not, I can tell bim the truth and send him back happy. A4 any rate, I shall have made. Grace happy—and she, oh, God help He Btill loathed Beuben, he still felt that all the gladness of his life had been *»v«»n 1 out of bis life by this man; bafc.at any rate, he would do his best. He entered the bouse again, and as he did so. be felt the air to be full of disease. It was little he knew of numing, but in his varied reading he had learnt enough to know the general course of this fever, from which, no doubt, Beuben was suffering. After watching him an hour, and remembering what Jhe had said, he came to the conclusion that the patient most have been suffering for some time, On Ids own confession he had been-in bed nearly a week, while before^ that Jhe had been unwell. From what he had read and heard he knew that while the fev4r generally came suddenly, and revealed itself in a shivering iii, sometimes the poison of the disease workcd slowly, and caused listless ness, loss of tfppetite,and wandering pains in the body. This bad evidently been the case with Beuben.: He noticed that the tongue was dry and brown, while the teeth and lips were Invested with the morbid epithelium which bad been shed. The pulse was weak but , fnquent. , ,, .... From these symptoms » - -— he —, concladed tbit the fever must t Lave have ben been in the system for nine or ton days, If that wen so, the next four or fivedays would be most critical. A doctor bad told him that •death seldom occurred after the fifteenth day of the disease; hence every care must be taken. Whv had hs not toldBill to ranfor doctor ? But then he reflected that doctors were not of great skill or cleverness In the bash, and might not be of so much value. Still, he wished he had thought of it, for now it teemed impossible to take any steps in that direction. He dared not leave him, for he knew that patients suffering fron tl is disease oftea tried to get out of bed, a; d f thus if n-> one were near, death woul i be * inevitable. Still, he hoped that in a • "nft would come. Se W-&3 gM n&n; faaS doctors' book? fesifs figfyglad to** general knowledge how to pfctierd. He te& iUibered fcilchof What M§ mother had told bifli ad a foy. Like miM women living in lenfe'y n^i^hboThoodS. sbe had knowledge c>f tbe tt-e trf herba, a&d; fhe hau told him. Of the scienci of medicine, however, he knew next to nothing, anc!, even if be did, the knowledge would not I availed him now, for he wai far, far awav from any place where drugs of any sort could be obtained. He started to work, firstof nil caring for the comfort of his patient. He C&UB;&4 the atmeBphete of th« room to.be made ewee*, and then searched among the boxes in an adj jining room for clean clothes Tenderly as a woman, he did all in his power to make the bed mote pleasant on which to lie, and then he began to search around for somethifcg in tbe Way of food. He went out ilito the jrafd, but oould see nothiag suitable. He Came in Again and looked Into the kitchen, which bad also been OBed as a pantry. There was little of immediate service here, but he found a small hand' mill and some wheat. Presently he espied a gun and a bag containing cartridges. This he immediately loaded ana went out again. Thajevening was drawing in, but there was light enough for bim to see a con pit of birds. These he shot, and prepared to cook them. It was strange work to Ishmael, but he managed prttty well, and in a little while had prepared a tasty dish. Beuben Penwithen was still delirious, bat he took the soap Ishmael gave him, and bis bed being more comfortable, he lay with more ease. This over, he arranged a simple meal for himself, and then went out into the open air. The night had come on now, and all was silent as death. So great waB the silence that it seemed to make a noise. The moon shone brightly, and the air seemed pure f bu the loneliness was terrible. He reflected that he was miles from tbe nearest house, and that Lonely Valley was generally deserted. No doubt Beuben Penwithen had chosen it for this reason. Perhaps too,this was why his servants left him. Everythino was terribly strange*-. In the morning hs believed him dead, and he hated his memory, now he was caring for him as if he had been his frien % or brother. Why was it? He had wanted- to leave him, but could not, something foiebade him. He had come back to nurse him; perchanoe, to see him die. How silent, how dreary, how lonely I And yet he felt happier than he bad done for a long while. Why was it? He conld not tell. He went into the hut sgaia and lit a little oil lamp, and tbms could see his patient. He murmured constantly about Grace, and Bertie, aad Penwithen, also about the ghost of tome one, who, he said, he could not recognise. And then, again, he seemed to wony about hfs farm, and the way his servants treated him. But he was not wild in Ids delirium, and he spoke like one intensely weary, Ishmael went out again. The terrible * -*- 1 J silence of the night -'- seemed t) - have a ' fasci " nation for him. How long wonld it be before some one wonld caU ? Barely Bill would let Fraser know What he had said, and Eraser would send to Richard Boberts. In two days at latest, some one would come. He was conscious of a curious smell in the air he was breathing. Scarcely a breath nf wind blew, but he fonciedthat now and then the^e was a slight movement in the atmosphere, comit|K from a northward direction. The smell became stronger. He leoked, and saw .a vapour rising from the swamp. He had beard of poisonous vapours coining from thess swamps, which bad a terrible -effect upon some people. He looked around him, the valley was hammed in by hills. He began to think of the pioasible significance of this. When be entered again. Beuben seepiei more uneasy, ; iiligSV "iPOlfljJ fffl^ and lshmael THTTT1 detected that 4 UvUvvllvU -%'IflV 1 ^ emeU IM^tered the room. In bis anxiety to sweeten the air he had opened 1 the little casement window, and thus let in the foul smelL He closed it again as quickly as possible, but made a little open ~~~ an the other side. He knew the value reshair forsuchadisease. Presently the patient became more restful, and Ishgoingto the other side of the room, lay down to rest. The night passed slowly away, and when the mornjng came Beuben showed tio signs of reason. '^Ishmael did all in his • power; but be longed with a great longing for some one to come 11 buth? longed in vain. The day passed | without an^hing worth noting, TO Mthe next, and still the next. No one came, no help was afforded in any way. ' Beuban was always worse at night* especially was this the case when the vapour was thick. AndBO the two were together, alone. Beuben knew that he wab carefully waited upon, but be did not recognise TaWm^. He took no interest in him, but the young man knew that, considering all .things, Beuben stood a fair chance or recovering. The fifthday came to an end, and still no one came, and Ishmael began to lose hope. The few things which the old woman, who had acted as Beuben's housekeeper,had left in the little kitchen were nearly consumed, and he knew not . bow to get more; he too, that the food he was able to obtain for the sick man was not uitable. What could he do P For, in spite of himself, a great hungering desire came into his heart to save. Beuben. He knew not why, and yet at timeshe felt «s though he would gladly give his life for Why was it? Perhaps it was bis helplessness, - perhaps it was because he wanted him to recover for the sake of Grace; and. yet this did not explain sufficiently. Why should his heart be sad when he was worse, and rejoics when he was better P Why should he almost delight in doing things that in themselves were almost loathsome, so that the patient might have comfort. Why did he long for bis recovery P Oh, if only some one would come ? Why was it that be wasleft alone.? ~ . The truth was that Bin did not get back !^nser with the cattle until the day alte r he had left Ishma&l;, and then be had I ca^iesaly mentioned the fact of Ishmael haviag gone to find a nurse for the sick man, which might detain him days. This news Fraser did not communicate to Bichard Boberts until two days after. When Biehaod heard of it be did not see what be oould do, and, as Mary had gone »way to visit the neighbors mentioned in the last chapter, the farmer did little but grumble at IshmaeTs absence, and wonder, when, day after day, he did not come. Still, he knew that Ishmael did not care to be interfered with, and he knew, too, that he was abundantly able tocare for himself. Thus Ishmael was left alone with .Beuben, who, unaided by any human skill, and with only Mother Nature and commonsense to help bim, fought a dread disease. On the fifth day Ishmael realised that Beuben was better. HA was no longer deli rious, bat he seemed like a child. He ap psared to recognise him, but it made no im pression on him. But Ishmael was not surprised at this. Perhaps, another day his reason might become clear. And so. indeed it pwvedTThe young man, seeing hU StKnt asleep in the afternoon, had gon. ouf for few minates; when he came back h« saw that a great change had come a boat, A look of intelligence shone in his eyes, and he was evidently carefully connecting event*. As iBhuatl entered, he looked op, half fearfully, half wonderingly. " You are Ishmael, Ishmael Pengelly 1" he said excitedly; "and you have nnried me to life?" " Yes," replied Ishmael quietly. (To ie Continued.) 