SERMON BY THE REV. THOMAS COOK.-Afc a united service.pf the East and West Sydney District. Wesleyan Synods on Thursday, the official sermon .was 'preached hythe Rev. Thomas Cook, the evangelist of the British Wesleyan- Conference. Mr. Cook said that the mistake'.Christians of the present day were making was in looking to Christ like the early disciples, whereas Christ was looking to them. They looked up, God .looked '? down,; and gave them power to do .His work of evangelising the world. What God sent'them as Christians to do in this respect, could he done. There was a sense in -which G.od.could not work opart from them ; He placed his resources at their disposal. If Christianity was to ho an ull-conquering power in ; the'world, Christians must be "endowed with this.Holy Ghost power. The .tendency of the times was to resort to human' agency, rather than to the super- natural wnen the work of God was not pro-. ' greasing-to- cry out for a more cultured rministry and better choirs. The great lack to-day; was the indispensable power of the1 Holy Spirit. He had altvays believed thnt Pentecost was a specimen day, which God .intended to repeat. .-" THE UNEMPLOYED.-Reports from various districts indicate that the number of unem- ployed is increasing, and the trains, especi- ally from the western district, take numbers of men to Sydney. This influx is stated to be duo to the completion of shearing operations at the various stations. Applications for relief are greater in number than they haye been of late. A committee of four was appointed at the mass meeting to Interview members nf the labor party, and .they were subsequently introduced to the Premier, who asked that the Government would provide work. A number of them were receiving relief from tho Government, but' they preferred earning their living to receiving charity.' Mr. Reid promised that he would consult with the Minister for Works ns to what works could be put in hand, and he luiped in a little time to be able ?to-introduce measures authorising the con- struction of reproductive works. ANOTHER JAPANESE ARMY.-Latest des- patches from the East are to the effect that the Japanese made four attacks on the Chinese entrenched afc Port Arthur. In the first attack the Japanese drove back the Chinese outposts, but in the three succeed- ing attacks the Japanese were repulsed. The Japanese are landing more troops in the vicinity of Port Arthur. An English ship in the harbour was warned to tako itself out of runge, A third Japanese army in -10 trans- ports hns left Hiroshima, it is believed, for the Yank-tse district. Lockup and police quarters at South Graf- ton will oe completed this week. 