A WIFE'S ! CONFESSION. CHAPTER XIIL I Marion also had a mystery to fathom I —her own. I That she was some sort of prisoner I was clear. But nothing squared with I her notions of a madhouse ; there ? was no doctor; there was no sort I of routine. Nor, fever having cleared I her brain, did she any longer ? I for the present — suspect herself of ? the curse her mother had bequeathed I her. It might come in time, but she I could not feel it had come already. I On the contrary, she had never felt so I clear-headed as -Awhile in a situation I that surely would have baffled the I clearest brains. Still, there had been I that long period of blank unconscious I ness which she could not recall, even I bo much as one recalls a dream. How I might she not have acted during that I time? What, might she not have I seemed ? : I Clearly there was no use in trying I to get anything out of Cynthia ; and ? from finding an opportunity of ques I tioning Stephen she recoiled. But I how long was this to go on ? If she I were not in a madhouse, she was cer I tainly being fitted for one. It did not I eeem to occur to her gaolers — unless I indeed they forgot it on purpose — that ? she had nothing to do between -waking I and sleeping ; not even anything to I read. It had not mattered during her ? weakness, when even thought had ? been too heavy a labor ; but two I whole days, broken only by talks with I her unfathomable niiroe, out of -which I nothing had come, had set up rebellion ? in every nerve. ? One thing, however, she might do I while waiting. She could make an I exhaustive tour of her room. ? 'When, however, it came to action, I she felt how weak she still was ; I energy and hunger for simple liberty I did not reach from her brain to her I limbs. By the time she had inspected I a few empty chests she felt unspeak I ably tired. I ' Perhaps I am going to die after ? all,' she thought, with an indifEerence I that even to herself seemed strange. ? 'Perhaps these people know it, and I fancy it would hurt me to tell. No — I I don't want to know where I am, I I don't want to get oat of this room. ? If b the whole world that's past under ? standing — and I -want to fly out of the I whole world — not to crawl out of a ? room. Mamma had the beat of it ; I and she has the best of it still. Tm I nothing to anybody— not even to ? myself. If s all a riddle together — I life ; and love ; and alL Yes ; I H suppose Guy has forgotten me by now. ? He has taken our parting quietly ? and wisely- — just as he ought to have ? done, . . . I'm glad be is bo strong I and so wise ; I was afraid. . , . Per I haps I shall go to sleep to-night and I not' wake to-morrow. N nip-ma, will ? he glad to see me: as glad as I shall ? he to see her. And— — ' H Hopelessness went all at once H to the winds. While aimlessly ex ? amining the chests that contained I nothing one of -them had slipped, and I revealed something that sent the blood I sharply from her heart to her finger H tips and back again. ? For the emblem of imprisonment, is I also the emblem of deliverance. It I was a key. I It was covered with rust, and I buried in cobweb J . but it was still I a key. Of course it might I prove useless ; but etill ?--*? eonie I how the very sight of it made Marion I think of the open air and of freedom I to breathe therein; and bo long as I one retains a thought of that, life, for I mere life's sake, is worth living etill. I She was still young; she still ? loved ; she stall believed in a heaven I beyond the veil — and there was a key. I She lifted it, wiped away the cobwebs, ? and, with a pair of scissors, scraped ? off as much of the rust as would come I away at the first intention. She tried I it on the door at which Cynthia and I Stephen used to make their exit. But I it would not even pass into the key I hole. I It must have been made to fit some ? thing ; and that something must have I been a door. Unfortunately, the room, I large as it was, had but a single I entrance ; bo that ehe might as ?well I have discovered a magic wand with I out the spell whereby alone it could I avail. ? It was as if a prisoner on a desert I island had found a gold mine. I Useless as her discovery was, how I ever,., it set her brooding over the I possibilities of escape — if not from I the house itself, yet from her labyrinth I of uncertainties. And these sent her I to sleep, and to those dreams which, I whether out of mookery or kindness, are always bright and sweet in pro portion as the w.ikinjtr life is dull and bitter. And she woke to the resolve not to let Cynthia leave her next time Without making everything clear. She generally woke to find Cynthia grinding needles by her bedside. This morning, however, she woke to soli tude ; and 'was not sorry. She rose and dreBeed, and, for the first time eince hec illness, made an inspection of her own belongings. The few pounds she^had carried .with her from. Dr. SneU's still remained in her purse ; unbroken; and her tdnketn had been laid out neatly together. These, with the clothes «he wore, made up her all not : ?&: -very large ;ontflt,.tio face., iihe world with, but capable of serving, with management^ till she could; earn something, as Sine, in- her wisdom, supposed. Her mother had never wanted for bread, so why should she? ? — remembering how many crumbs, out of all the bread baked . in London, there must be to spare. By the time she had lingered over these small affairs as long as she could, not forgetting to pocket the key, as a possible talieman, she began to miss Cyntbia--and to tell the truth, her breakfast also, for toast and tea had been as regular , as Cynthia's iumming. This break in tiae mono tony of her convalescence was at first merely an uncomfortable and not an anxious one. But as the -minutes dragged by, and became hours of un broken neglect and solitude,, mere discomfort became anxiety. It could hardly be that she was forgotten. Something must have happened to keep Cynthia away— -something might have happened to Cynthia herself; ?who could tell? When, however, after many hours of growing suspense, morning had turned into noon and noon into twi light, which the condition of the windows made earlier in that house than elsewhere, anxiety became alarm. Everybody knows what it is to wait and wonder for a familiar face or a f amilar rustle, even when there is not enough love for serious fear and no reason for any fear at alL But Marion had only herself to think of ; and, next to that unapproachable misery, had the consciousness of being either a mouse caught in a trap or a bird forgotten in its cage. And, mean while, she had not even so much as a book, or a needle, or a pen, wherewith to pass the time. Suppose something had happened to Cynthia — something to keep her away for days. Suppose she was lying injured in a hospital, for ex ample ; or had fallen into other kinds of trouble ; for Marion had by this time come to suspect her good Samari tan of reasons for being so secret about herself and her affairs. Or a hundred things might have happened beyond the vaguest guessing. What would happen, in that case, to a girl locked up in an unknown room in an unknown house, no human being knowing -where she was, or missing her, or caring to find her? Somebody or other would no doubt come some day to open the room. But it might be a long time first ; and by that time in what state would, she be found ? Such fancies as these, if they could be called fancies, were not likely to allay themselves spontaneously in one who had passed a whole day in hun ger, thirst, worry, and utter solitude. But when the darkness came on, they were scarcely to be bourne. It was only nervous excitement that kept her from collapse ; as things were, a touch of her old fever returned, to help her for a moment with its treacherous energy. Her ears were strung to catch the slightest sound — even Cynthia's well-nigh inaudible step ; but there was not the slightest sound to be heard. They built a great deal better in Upper Vane street 150 years ago than in Euphrosyne Terrace yesterday. . She struck one of the few matches for tunately left her, and lighted her candle — she had never been given more than one. But in that large, sombre, dust-clouded room, the flicker gave less light than shadow ; and, if she shifted the candle ever so little, the shadows took a. ghostly life, and moved, with changing depth and size. They took all jnasner of forms, as the wick flared or flickered in a draught that came from heaven knows where in that hermetically-sealed room. Here a giant shrank into a dwarf, and than expanded into an ogre. There a monstrous, shapeless thing with wings rose up from the floor and vanished among the flapping eupids in ike Getting, Ths dark corners opened out into vast halls or endless corri dors, down which processions of phan toms moved. And there was one huge shadow with a' king's crown that did not change with the others, but was always ready to meet her eyes, when ever she turned them that way. Which being so, she seldom kept her eyes from it for long, but was im pelled Ay inevitable and invincible fascination to return to it until its crowned head, its one eye, and its gaping jaws became too xeal and too familax to belong to a new ghost called up by a fantastic light in a weakened brain, It was all as if real madness had leaped upon her at last, suddenly. . 'They are nothing— nothing*— nothing!' she repeated to herself aloud, as if she were using a charm. «« They cannot hurt me, and if they could they 'would not be allowed. I do know who I am — I do know what they are. I do know that @«& is everywhere. Nobody can be really mad who knows all those things. I wonder if mamma ever felt like this — I wonder what Guy would sayf . , . But how shall I go through this night f I can't stay with those things for hours. If only a rat would make a noise V And all the while, though encircled by these dreadful phantoms, the more dreadful for their silence, she could not bring herself to put out the light which had summoned them. For all her assurance of their true nature, it seemed as if that same light protected her— she felt as if in the dark they would still remain around her, and become yet .more terrible than ghosts unheard^-that Is to say, ghoste un seen. DraycotMorland, who imagined that he was eager to «ee a ghoBt, should have been in Marion's place now. Man though ne was, he would have imagined any such eagerness no inore. ??;?..? . ; _ ' . ' . ? ?? ' ? ??/ So Bhe crouched on the foot of her oed, without stirring a finger, till her eyes grew more and more fixed upon the king of the ghosts* whose -fa0 would not change. A?fl the lower her candle burned, the vaster and more confused they all grew hut he. And what would happen when her candle should give its last leap \ ia ; its socket and leave ,her-^*3onel ijjpi worse than alone » :thbasacd times, Suddenly she heard * startled ory — either of a beast or of a man : either of rage or of ; pain, '_'? ? -She Inaped to her feet, and stood with beav »« heart wad ears strained. She had hungered for sound j but her hunger was gone at such an answer to -her longing. She neither thought nor wondered — her brain seemed paralysed, even while her nerves quivered and ached with more than terror. The cry was not repeated. But heavy steps were hurrying to the door of her room. Was she to welcome relief, or was she threatened with real danger — danger from living men? Was it for good or ill that she was behind a locked door ? But before Bhe could either cry out or hide, the door was locked no longer, and she was no longer alone. ' Cynthia!' cried a man's voice that seemed strangely familiar. ' Quick-— Petersen, damn him ! has brought the police next door ; they're on their way here. If the infernal Russian spy hadn't tried to take me himself in stead of waiting for the constables, I should have the handcuffs on : Pm hurt by his knife as it is ; but he's — done for. Quick — there's time to make for the back still ; dead men can't guide ; but there'll be none in a minute more, with my blood for a trail. . . . Use your wits, girl, for God's sake ; mine are gone — -unless you turn traitor too.' Her father's voice ! Had she gone mad indeed? For a moment she staggered back in helpless terror and hopeless amaze. And, as he strode up to the light from among the shadows, she saw that it 'was her father ; but pale, haggard, reeling as if fresh from a hard straggle, and stained with blood that was still dropping from his wrist and hand. But when he reached the light, it was he who started and recoiled, as he dashed his unwounded hand across his eyes. ' Not— Cynthia ! Marion !' ' What is happening f she gasped, as well as her choking throat would allow. ?' Are you alive P ' I'm afraid — I am.' « Then ' — he went back to the door and locked it ; then, having plunged his wounded arm into the water pitcher, he took his handkerchief and bound it roughly. 'One must act first, and talk after. . . . Where is Cynthia, ? Do you know P' «No— — ' 'Then' — he overthrew a pile of lumber against the side of the room opposite the window, and displayed the handle of the folding doors that divided the drawing-room in two — the back, where Marion had been lodged, from the front, whence, for obvious reasons, she had been de barred. He turned the handle, and shook it. 'Locked? and Oynthia has the key. Is she a traitor ?' He threw himself against the door with all his force and weight ; but it stood firm. He turned and leaned against the stubborn door. ' I'm losing blood,' he said, in a voice of such despair that it might have been Marion's. ' I've no strength left. Marion — as you are Marion — I am flying for my life; and my one chance is gone. The one possible way out of this trap is locked and barred. And there are reasons why, if ever I am taken, it must never be alive. You know who I amf Adam Furness — remember that: a daughter will be a good witness as to the name her own father is to be buried by. For the rest, you need not tell anything more vof me than you know j and, as my daughter, if you A»k after my account at Barton's, in .Lombard-sstreet, yOU won't starve. And— hark! There they are ? ' The key she had found on the floor 1 She darted to the folding door : it entered the lock : it moved, He threw down the candle, caught her by the arm, and hurried her throngh, The dead man might want a witness : the man to whom life had, for one moment's chance, returned, wanted ©one s none, at least, whom he could not trust to lie. Hurriedly relocking the door behind him, he led her through the darkness ; then down a broad oak staircase, lighted here and there by stray moon beams j across a hall, and down to the basement from which Marion had entered the house with Cynthia, -where the rat-holes were. Not a sound told them that they were being pursued; nor did Adam Furness utter a word. Then, at last — at last Marion felt the fresh air, cold with night upon her cheek ; they 'were crossing the yard at the back, or rather creeping around it, in the shadow of the wall. 'Now for it!' said Adam Furness, under bis breath, as they reached the door into the mews, ' No — the risk's too great. No doubt they've guarded every hole that a rat could creep out by. Listen with all your ears. Do you hear the ghost of a sound outside P There's one good thing about aeon stable; whevever one is, his hoots betray him. Ton listen. My ears buzz and sing.' Marion knelt down, and put her ear to the keyhole. She was realising nothing j but strength seemed to have come to her from heaven knows where, now that she had any creature who was not herself to think for and act for. Noj not only heaven, buteyery body in his senses knows that from having this, and ~ from having this alone, strength or courage can ever come, She listened, while Adam Furness almost held his breath so that he might not confuse her ears. For a full minute she heard nothing but the neigh of a horse in the nearest stable, and the crow of a bantam whose mission in life was to keep other hipeds from too continuous slumber. ; 'I: hear no tramping,' she wttiapaxtd. -?:? r':.' .-. .. -, -. . .' ' .7 :-? ';.*% musn't hurry, though. A policeman can 'keep quiet - for isore than a, whole minute sometimes. I am jjoing to give myself five,' j ? ?.?-?? (XQ BB OQCTQIUJED.) . ' - ? 