THE MYSTERY QI\ LYNN COURT, i MLVPTKIi XVIll-'-coNTisuKii. ' .! ''I -niofoiLT.oncet or twice ha .was off, Miss Rosiunond;-' from tho roports in- tho vtilage; ond. it would bo ..the dikes of him' that .would bo tiikon,,.uud tbnt . poor utild cruturo boyond in tho hod lie left." Uotamond hopqs Mrs. Noukes does not hear- liis truism, as , Sully, Dunn takes no pains to lo wer liar voice. ' "You had no help at all at ull in tho missing?" tho old woinan goes on, liultiiig a coal on her pip<V wlnoli sho Jias filled anil packed down to her evident si;tisfaolioii. . . ' Except Mr. Desiard.' Ho sat up with liim soverul nights.' I looking into tho fire, Sully Dunn »lrew bard nt her pipe. _ 'llo's a lino young man ; 'tis a pity folks should talk tho way they iloubout him.' says tjio old woman. ' AVliat do they say about bim ?'. Rosamond demands hotly, for thu old woman's tone is more provoking tliiui hor words. ' Muyln I ougli'n' t to spako about j it, lea -.twiiy.i lo yon, Miss ltosanioud, for they do say in the village as ho uud you nre sweet upon ono another. \- Itosanioml stqmps lur foot impa tiently, _ , 'Lot tlieip luiiid thoir own business,' she says. 'Tell mo at oneo what you have heard.' ' llo uisy, dearie, aiul I'll toll you quiok enough. ' There's them in tho village thiitsnys ho shot Mr. . Saxon Lynn. Ifc's'ns triu as that you're sit ting foriiintniu on tluit stool 1' ; 'SliotMr. tiaxon Lynn !' Rosamond colioos, hi uttor uonstoniation and in- PTOhtlity. . ' Sally, I don't beliovo it. No ono would Uaro to say such a thing" ' Tlisy do say .it, and no ' dare' nt nil nbotit it, Jiiss I'osamoiiil. And, what's more, there's many that- he lium it. too.' 'Who says it?' l'.isinnond asks passionately, liar eyes and ehuoks on tiro. ' Map v a one snvs it," Sully said cautiously. ' I'll namu no mimes, for it's a dangerous tiling to say of any iiuiu or woman eitlior. Rut, if you went, out aud said it on the green (here, thorn's plenty iu tho village would- hnolt ymi up, I'll promise von that.' ' Rut wlmt reason can thoy possibly luivo for fixing thu crime upon him, of nil peoplo ?" cried Rosamond, calming herself with a great effort, and clasping her hands tightly to gether. . Reason enough, anil moro than ono of them. Tliero's them that can prove ho was .not in his own house fjjat night till ono or two o'clock in tlio morning. Isn't (hat reason ?' ' Scarcely,' says Rosamond. ' My . brother might say tho same of him- flolf.' ' ' lint his revoroneo is called up at nil hours; that's a different thing. Mr. Dospard had no call to ho out of his lied at two o'clock in the morning.' . Rosamond's fneo blanches, and her hnrt begins to tremhlo liko tlio heart of n bird. . AVho knows \vliero he was then, . pr what ho was doing'/ Wo nil know jieople don't do tliem kind of things for any good. And 1 don't we all know tlioro was ill-will between litm and pour Master Saxon along of that farm ? Everyone in tho village knows .that.' Ho did- not hear hint any ill-will,' Rosamond asserts, faintly. 'You wouldn't say, that if you'd honrd them quarrelling -in tho rond nbovo. Tom Day — lie was breaking stones on tljo roadside at tlio time — says they ' gave- enoh other the lie n'raost, and little Jerry Stnmp says their two faoos was liko thunder, llo was risgoiug homo from school, anil he v says ho was n'mojt nfeurd to pass thoni hy,'' . llustimond feels suddenly faint and siok; this terrible blow lins stunned hor, worn out as. she is witu watch ing and anxiety. Not for ono mo ment does she believe in- her lover's guilt, hut she knows liow hard, how terrihly.hanl, it, .is to oontradict a rumour jike this when once it has got ground And it is such . a horrible implication. . It seems to her impossii hie thai; it can ever ho explained ond pet aside. She knows tbnt Gyde . .Despnrd was with her when -the fatal her when she'enyssoP The damag ing foot of the. quarrel between the cousins, and - the . great gain that has como to the one hy Hie death of the other, will he hard to reconoile with innocence in minds already prejudiced against Gyde. Though morally cer tain herself of his perfeot innooenoo, a doubt comes into her mind for one unworthy moment — could he have done it ? He certainly was in the Parsonage garden at the time tho murder was supposed to have taken place; hut all the clocks may liavo been wrong, or it may havo been tlmt tlio Bhots were fired earlier than they thought who heard them. Certainly he was up and out at an unusually late hour; nud still more oertainly his cousin's dentil has given liim more than over lie could nave hoped to possess had he lived — has given him u fortune and a bride. At this last thought Rosamond shudders. Could no have done the horrible deed for her sako ? But Sully Dunn interrupts hor wretched musings, aftor watching her for a little while with cunning ourio- sity. ' ' Don't lose heart about it, Miss Rosamond .dear! , Sure ho has money enough, now to put thorn all down, even , if it .do come to a trial; or the like of that.' Rosamond shudders ' again. "Will it come to that? But she can hear no moro of Sally Dunn's confidences or consolations now ; her wholo mind is full of hut one thought — to warn him . of his danger.- , So .she rises stitHy from the stool on tho lieartli, as dazed-looking as one who lias received a bad blow, mid, saying good-bye to Sully Dunn, hurriedly wraps hor plaid, about her uud leaves the cot tage. ' ' In the lurch wood, which she reaches as quickly us her trembling limbs will carry her, she meets Gyde Despard. She had not expootcil to soe him to-day, as she. know ho had gone up to Lynu Court on business matters. ' Out in such weather, Rosamond ? lie exclaims,-, keeping firm hold of her cold littlo. hand. 'Whv,..you look ah- nlutely famished, darling! Why did you venture out on such n day lis' this?' ' I was obliged to go down into tlio village,' she answers, wondering how sho shall tell him the hitter truth. 'You look like.il ghost. I won't, koop 'you out any longer.- '-Run in and get a good Worm ' at the fire! dearest; your teeth are absolutely chattering.' 'Oh, Gvde, how shall I tell you?' she exclaims, throwing her arms round liim," and resting her face against his shoulder! ; - i . Tell nio what, Rosnmond?' ho inquires gravely, holding hor eloso to him. ''This terrible story that lum got about in tho village,' sho says, shiver ing in his arms. ' Yoii need not tell mo. I hnvo just heard it,' ho says. She throws her head linok to look iqi into his faco ; it is culm uiul reso lute. ' Oh, Gyde, what will you do ?' 'Disprove it if I can. Tell mo one thing, Rosamond — do you bolicvo it ?' ' Oh, no— no !' she cries, clasping liim moro closely. Ho bends his head till lus cheek rests upon hers. ! I. could prove an alibi, hut I sludl not do it ; it. would make peoplo talk,' lie says quietly ; nnil Rosnmoml hears him. scarcely yet comprehending how peojAo would talk. ' Can't you swear that you were in tho garden ? And I can swear to it too. That would moke thorn stop talking.' ' Or rather sot . them chattering worso than over,' ho nnswers, smiling. ' No, I won't do that. I will find the mnn who phot- poor Lynn, and ,thnt. willihn indisputable.' ' You will never find liim,' she ex claims hopelessly. ' Then I shall nover como hack to Lynn Court,' ho pays. Oil, Gvde, don't iniiul what tlmy say! Who cares about it? We needn't eare, when wo know it is nil a horrible lie!' slip cries, holding liim us if sho could never lot him go. ' I must go, darling, if it is only foi your sako ! And I know ' my enemies have dono this, ond will carry it out to the hitter end. There are so many things against me — my being out that ' night, my going nwny bo curly next morning, my quarrel with Lynu, ami, ahovn all, the advantages I gain by his death. Rut I ntn not afraid ; I will covor them with con- fusion yet. I havo tho thought of you to strengthen my hand.' Ho looses her hold with great ten derness, and bends his head for ano ther kiss; 'Good-bye, my dearest and best. It may ho, our last kiss in this world, hut, even if it is, remember that - 1 love you. and will lovo you as long as I live. .1, will never seo, you again unless I come haok to you cleared of this horrible crime. Rut Heaven will help my righteous cause. And now again farewell.' CHAPTER XIX. Hugh recovors slowly — so slowly that Rosamond sometimes -thinks he is not mending at all. In the mild spring days he lies by tho open win dow dreamily gazing out nt the flush ing woods, or listening to the songs of the happy birds, with qn' intense jaflnflas-liLiufthgllow c.Ye3. He seems to want nerve/ elasticity, force, to shake off the langour arid weakness that have : succeeded to the more dan gerous symptoms of his malady. Rosamond cannot rouse him, oan- not make him take an interest in any thing.1 Dn Hazel cannot think what it is that is retarding his recovery. It is not that Dr. Hazel ie in any hurry to have liim convalesoent, for ho certainly is not, so farashehimseli is oonoenied. Docb he not soe the fair Rosamond daily, by reason of lib patient at tlio Parsonage P And could tie he expected to desire a cessation oi those delicious meotings? Yet he acts conscientiously hy liiB patient, and is concerned 'when he finds him apparently standing still, when lie has been fairly started ou tlie high road to recovery. With a knowledge in hor heart which Dr. Hazol does not possess, Rosamond watohes her brother. From her choir by the window or by the fire slie glauoos at his face from time to time, whon she fanoies sho is unobser ved. And tho hopeless look in the sunken oyos, tlio sad curve of the lips, tlie hectio llush on the cheeks, fill her with strange grief nnd impatience. To Bee such a wreck nindo in n few short wooks of what was so lately as fine and stalwart a young fellow ns over pulled an oar or wielded a _ hat is sad enough ; hut to know tlint it is donotlirough.an insane adherence to an absurd whim or theory is more than sad — it is hitter and aggravating to tho last degree. That a man in full possession of his senses can willingly saorifico himself to any suoh liigh- Hown and sublimated ideas is more than Rosamond's sisterly patience can endure. But she finds herself powerloss to deal with this case. She is terribly obstinate and tenaoious herself, and she knows that her obstinuoy is inten sified tenfold in her brother. Sho knows only of one resource ; hut she hesitates heforo trying it, knowing that it is her Inst chance. So she watches Hugh furtively; and, as each day finds no change for tho better, but rather for the wone, she grows almost as sad-looking as he is; having her own trouhles os well as his to weigh down her spirit. Ono afternoon they are thus toge ther, sho sitting on her low oliair Dy the window. It is u soft April even ing, and a sunny brightness lies on the woods, on tho uplands, - pu- the 'nearer garden-beds, where narcissuses and hyaeintks and primroses mingle their fragrance', and dumps' 6f pale wallflower 'gild tho old walls, and tlio trim , box edges look shining and em erald green. Hugh is gazing out dreamily, with one tlrin hand suppor ting his head and the other holding n little half-dosed lmok. Ho has been silent for moro than' an hour, and Rosamond, watching him, lins surrep- titiouly removed some tears from her eyelashes. All at oneo ho turns to hor. ' ' "Why do you wutuli me so. Rom mia ? You aro always doing it,' he sqys, half playfully. 'I — I don't think I ani,' she replies hurriedly. ' Indeed, hut. yon are,' ho says. 'I feel your eyes upon me. Wlmt' is tho matter? Is my lmir growing grey, or my faco blue, or what is it that excites your curiosity so much ?' ' Do you -feci better to- day ?' she inquires, irrelevantly. 'Oh, yes 1 I grow bettor every day,' he answers, turning his head again. " I don't think yon do,' sho says, gutting iqi nnd going to him." " Hugh, whut is tho matter with yon ?" " Tho nmtter f" ho repents, looking up nt hor with oyos not altogether grave. " Yos, You nood not try to deceive mo. You know you nro not onb hit lwttor thnn you wore n wockngo, it so well. . Wlmt is keeping you hack ?" " How can I toll ?" ho says. "Want of motive power. I suppose." " But you don't try to got well," sho ox- elaims. . " . " I'erhnps I don't want to get well. Itma mundi," ho returns, with n curious smilo. " Thnt's just it." sho snys sorrowfully. " Oh, Hugh, do shako off this melancholy which is di straying you ! If you don't — ." " What will happen f" ho aiffis, quietly, with the samo strange smilo. Sho does not answor, hut u great passion of tears takes possession of hor, and sho criusns if hor heart would break. - " Don't," Hugh whispors gontl.v, taking her hands from her fneo. "If I would rathor dio than not, child, is it not hotter to lot mo dio f" " Oh.'no — no 1" she cries. Why should yon wish to dio ? You ,'nro so. young— you can do so much good hy living— why should you wish for a terrible death i" sho sol-si, refusing to ho comforted. " Doath is not so terriblo to mo. Rosn- mond— not half so terrible as life. I um not wicked enough to pray for death, much as I may long for it; bnt, if' it comos, 'I will Md it welcome with my wholo said." "But it is unnatural to wish to dio," Ro samond says passionntoly. "It is unnatural and wiokod and wrong. It is because you are weak and ill that you wish it. If you woro strong' and liko yourself, such a tiling would nevor enter your head." "I -think it would," Hugh nnswors quietly. "Whon ono is weary of living, one's next thought naturally is to wish to dio. Tho moment life grows weari some, thou doath begins to havo strango charms for tho human heart. It will at least put nn ond to strife." Rosamond woeps on unconsolod. Hor brother's words do not alluy hor sorrow, rathoii do they add to it. H1b dosiro for death 'is so doiiborato — has tokon such doop root in his mind — tluit sho fours it is past eradicating now. But still sho has hor ono roBourco, and she determines to uso it now. !( Hugh do you know you are hroakjng Fpfflces Lynn's heart,;" ' . Ho starts Blightly, and the hectio flush oh his oheek deepens u littlo. "Breaking her heart P" lio says untor sily. " Yos," she replies ; "and you may havo. a right to destroy your own happinoss, but I do not think you hayo a right to destroy here."'' : j,.. i 't " Heaven ktiows l would not do it wil- lingly!" ' he murmurs, hiit in ah uncertain voice. ' "Can you honestly Bay that you have uovor triod to mako hor caro foryou f" asks his sistor. " I can 1" ho oxolaims vohomontly. " I can, and I am thankful to beableto say it. But I am not free fromblamo. I fear — I know that I havo moro than oneo lot hor seo how much I carod for hor." " You havo 1" Rosamond ochoes, with a condemnation in her tono which sho as sumes for her own purposes. " I must havo done so because I could nothidoit." "I struggled hard— you may know how hard by tho wreck it has modo Of mo — but I am sure sho know my secret. For that I blamo mysolf bitterly ; for I could havo liorne any sufforing mysolf, if only she woro happy." " But sho ib not happy," Rosamond says drying hor oyos.: " Sho is just ns unhappy as you are, and sho has not "oven tho satis faction of knowing that sho has caused it horsoif, as you liavo. I think your conduct is dastardly toward Frances, and so I toll you. Is it her fault thut she has money ? Toll mo that 1" : Hugh is silont now. "I don't know why sho should bo forcod to unhappinoss all hor life," continues Ro snmond, " whilo you should meekly lio down and dio, just because Francos Lynn happons to havo a few thousands. TVhy can't you let the monoy lio in tho bank, or whorovor it is, and lie as proud 09 over in this uncomfortable little hole t I dare suy Francos Lynn is quito fool onough to agree to any suoh crazy arrangement." Hugh is silont still, hut whothor convin ced or uot Rosamond cannot toll. Sho can only sow; tho'sood, and sho plants it deeply with a vengounco. But sho can soo that ho looks u shado loss desponding ovon whilo sho speaks ; and, though sho would not for worlds lot him sob any triumph in hor oyos, it is in hor hoart all tho samo. (to. be continued.) 