THE IOEBBEOF STUDLBT &BAI;&E.; A DOCTOR'S STORY. 1 was in my consulting-room one morning, and had just eaid good-bye to the last of my patients, when my servant came in and told me that & lady had called who pressed very earnestly for an interview with me. sir," eud the man, " and she saw the carriage at the wear ; bnt she begged to see yon, if only for two minutes. This is her card." I read the words, " Lady Stndley.'' " Show her in," I eaid hastily, and the next momenta tall, slightly-made, fair-haired girl entered the room. She looked very young, scarcely more than twenty, and I oonld hardly believe that she was, what her card indicated, a married woman. The color rushed into her cheeks as she held ont her hand to me. I motioned her to a chair, and then asked her what I conld do far her. " Oh, yon can help me," she said, clasping her hands and speaking in a slightly theatrical manner, "My husband, Sir Henry Stndley, SB very nnwsQ, and Z want yon to come to see him— can yon?— anil yon j" " tVith pleasure," I replied. "fVhere do yon live ?" " At Stndley Grange, in Wiltshire. Don't yon know our plaae V' " I daresay I ought to know it," I replied, " although at the present moment I can't recall the name. Yon want me to come to see your husband. 1 presume yon wish ma to have a consultation with his medioal at tendant r" II No, no, not at all. fSsfsat is. Sir Henry has not got a medical attendant. He dislikes doctors, and won't see one. Z want yon to noma and Slav with no Ini a liii/iV nr an T have heard of yon through mutual friends — 11)9 OnslowB, I kepwyouoan effect remark able onres, and you hate a great deal of tact. Bat yon can't possibly do anything for my husband unleBs yon are willing to stay in the house a&d; tg notice his symptoms." isSy Studiey spoke with great emphasis and earnestness. Her long, deader hands were clasped tightly together. She had . drawn off her gloTCS, and fU bending forward in her chair. Her big, childish and eamewhat restless bine eyee were fixed im ploringly on my face. " I love my nnsband," she eaid, tears sad- denly filling them—' "and it is dreadful, dreadf ul, to see him suffer as fie does. He will die nnlees someone comes to his aid. Oh, Z know I am asking an immense thing, when 1 beg of you to leave all your patients and come to the country. Bnt we can pay. Money is no object whatever to us. We can, we will, gladly pay you for your ser vices.". " Z must think the matter over," I ssid. "Yon flatter me by wishing tor me, and by believing that Z can render yon assistance, bnt Z cannot take a step of this kind in a buriy. Z will write to yon by to-night's post if yon will give me your address. In ice meantime, xinaiy ten me some ot tne symptoms of Sir Henry's malady." " I fear it is a malady of the mind," she answered immediately, " bnt it is of so vivid and so startling a character, that unless relief is soon obtained, the body must give way under the strain. You see that I am very young, Dr Halifax. Perhaps £ look younger than I am— my age is twenty-two. My husband is twenty years my senior. He would, however, be considered by most people still a young man. He is a great scholar, and has always had mote or less the habits of a raoluso. He is fond of living in his library, and likes nothing better than to be surrounded by books, of all sorts. Every modern book worth reading is forwarded to him by its publisher. Ho is a veiy interest ing man and a brilliant conversationalist. Perhaps I onght to put all this in the past tense, for now he scarcely ever speaks — he reads next to nothing — it is difficult to per suade him to eat— he will not leave the house — he need to have a rather ruddy complexion . — he in mow .deadly pale and terribly ema ciated. He sighs in the most heartrending manner, and seems to be in a state of ex treme nervous tension. In short, he \- is very ill, and yet he seems to have no bodily disease. Hie eyes have a terribly startled expression in them — hit hand trem- hlee so that lie can scarcely raise a cup of tea to las lips. In short, he looks like a man who hae seen a ghost." TOTum Alii Hiimp fiTimifAme Iwmn an. pear?" I asked. "It is midwinter now," said Lady Stndley. "The queer symptoms began to toow themselves in my husband in October. They have been growing worse sod worse. In short, 1 can stand them no longer," she continued, giving way to a short, hysterical sob. "I felt I must come to someone — 1 have heard of yon. Do, do come and save ns. Do come and fl"d ont what is the matter with my wretched husband." _" IwiH write to yoo to-night," I ssid, in as kind a voice as Z could mnster, for the pretty amrions wife interested me already. " ft may not be possible forme to stay at Stndley G range for a weefe, but in any case I can pro mise to come and see the patient. One visit willprobably be sufficient— what your hus band wants is, no doubt, complete change." ' Oh, yes, yes," die replied, standing up now. " I have said so scores of times,' bur Sir Henry won't stir from Stndley — nothing will induce him to go away. He won't even leave his own special bedroom, although I expeot he has dreadful nights." Two hectic ots burnt in her cheeks as she spoke. Z looked at her attentively. Yon -will fnrinM -fnr 1 1 T miJ). "bnt you do not look at ell well yourself. 1 should like to prescribe for you as well as your husband." ''Thank yon," she answered, " I am not very strong. I never have been, bnt that is nothing — I mean that my health Is not a thing of conscience at present. Well, I most not take up any more of your time. I shall expeot to get a letter from yon to morrow morning. Pleaseaddress it to Lady Stetdley, Grosvenor Hotel, Victoria." She touched my ha nil with fingers that burnt like a living coal and left the room. 1 thought bar very ill, and was sure that if 1 could see my way to spending a week at Stndley Grange, I should have two patients instead of one. It is always difficult for a busy doctor to leave home, but after carefully -thinking matters over, 3 resolved to -comply suii'i Taffy fitnfllt'y'n irqum! Accordingly, two days later saw rfiirim ray- way to Wiltshire ana to Stndley Grange. A brougham with two smart horses was waiting at the station. To my surprise 3 eaw that Lady Stndley had come herself to fetch me. " I don't know how to thank yon," she aid, giving mc a feverish clasp of her hand. "Your vial fills me with nope — i believe that you will discover what is really wrong. Home!" she said, giving a quick, imperious direction to the footman who appeared at the window of the carriage. We howled forward at a rapid pace, and' she continued : — " Z came to meet yon to-day to toll yon that I have used a little guile with regard to yonr visit. I have not told Sir Henry that yon are coming here in the capacity of a doctor." Here she caused and gave me one of her restless glances. " Do yon mind ?' she asked. " What have yon arid about me to Sir Henry r I inquired. " That yon are a great friend of "toe Onflows, and that I have asked yoa here for a week's ohange,' ' she answered immediately. " As a guest, my husband will be polite and delightful to you— as adoctor, he would treat yon with scant civility, end would probably give you little or none of his confidence." X was quite silent for a moment after Lady Stndley had told me this. Then I said : — _ "Had I known that I was not to come to yonr house in the capacity of a medical man, I might have re-considered my earnest desire to help you." She turned very pale when I said fhis, and tears filled her eyeef " Never mind," 3 said sow, for I conld not Jx-i be touched but by hej extremely psjhetic 419SJ and suffering face, by the look of great tttness which was manifested in every glanoe. " Never mind now ; I am glad you have told me exactly the terms on which you wish me to approach your husband ; bnt I think that lean so put matters to Sir Henry that he will be glad to consult me m my medical capacity." " Oh, bit be does not even know that I suspect his illness. It would never do for him to know. Z suspect ! I see ! I fear but Z say nothing. Sir Henry would be much more miserable than he is now, if he thought that 1 guessed that there is anything wrong with him." " It is impossible for me to come to the Grange exoept as a medical man," I an swered firmly. " 1 will tell Sir Henry that you ha re seen some changes in him, and have asked me to visit him as a dootor. Please trust me. Nothing will be said to your husband that can make matters at all uncomfortable for yon." Lady Stnaley did not venture any farther remonstrance, and we now approached the old Grange. It was an irregular pile, built evidently according to the wants of toe dif ferent families who had lived in it. The building was long and rambling, with rows of windows filled np with panes of lattice glass. In front of the house was a sweeping lawn, which, even at tins time of toe year, presented a vel vety and wall-kept appearance. Wedrove rapidly round to the entrance door, and a moment later I fonnd myself in the presence . of my host and patient. Sir Henry Stndley was a -tall man with a very slight stoop, and an aquiline nose and rather noble face. His eyes were dark, and his forehead inclined to be bald. There was a courtly, old- world sort of look about him. He greeted me with ex treme friendliness, and we went into toe hall, a very large and lofty apartment, to tea Lady Stndley was vivamous S2d lively in the extreme. While die talked toe heonC spots came out again on her cheeks. My un easiness about her increased as I noticed pome symptoms, i ini certain mac sue was not only consumptive, but in ell probability she was even now toe victim of an advanced stage of phthisis. I felt far more anxious about her than about her husband, who ap peared to me at that moment to he nothing more than a somewhat nervous and hypochon driacal person. This state of things seemed easy to nscwffit for in a scholar and a man of sedentary habits. I remarked shoot toe age of toe house, and my host became interested, and told mo one or two stories of toe old inhabitants of the i Grange. He sold that to-morrow he would I have much pleasure in taking me over toe 1 building. _ j " Have you a ghost here!" I asked, with a j laugh. I don't know what prompted me to ask the question. The moment Z did so Sir Henry | turned white to his lips, and Lady Stndley j held up a warnimr finger to me to intimate that I was on dangerous ground. I felt that I was, and hastened to divert the conversa tion into safer channels. Inadvertently Z had touched on a core spot. I scarcely regretted having done so, as toe flash in toe baronet's troubled eyes, and the extreme agitation of his faoe, showed me plainly that r,3o HtnUlov war ricbt when She snoke of his nerves being in a very irritable eon- 1 dition. Of course, I did not believe in j ghosts, and wondered that a man of Sir Henry's calibre could he at all under the in- j fluence of this old-world fear. I " I am sorry that we have no one to meet J you," he said, after a few remarks of a oom- j monplace character had divided us from toe j ghost question. " Bnt to-morrow several j friends are coming, and we hope yon will have a pleasant time. Are yon fond of hunt- ing!" I answered that 1 used to be in toe old days, before medicine and patients occupied all my thoughts. "If this open weather continues, I can probably give yon some of yonr favorite pas time," rejoined Sir Henry ; "and now per- j haps yon would like to be shown to your , room.' _ My bedroom was ma modern wing of the house, and looked as cheerful and as unghost- like as it was possible for a room to be. I did not rejoin my host and hostess until dinner time. We had a sociable litUemeal, atwhich nothing of -any importance oocurred, and shortly after the servants withdrew, Lady Stndley left Sir Henry and me to ourselves. She gave me another warning glance as toe left the room. I had already quite made up my mind, however, to tell Sir Henry toe motive of my visit. Hie moment toe door dosed behind his wife, he started up and asked me if X would mind coming with him into his library. I " The foot is," he said, " I am parti- | cularly glad you have come down. 1 I want j to have a talk with yon about my wife. She 1 is extremely unwdL" j i signified my willingness to listen to any thing Sir Henry might say, and in a few minutes we fonnd ourselves comfortably | established in a splendid old room, completely i clothed with books from ceiling to floor. I " These are my treasures," said the baronet, : waving ins hand in the direction of an old bookcase, which contained, I saw at a glance, some very rare and precious first editions. " These are my friends, the companions of my hours of solitude. Now sit down, Dr Halifax ; make yourself at home. You have come here as a guest, hot I have heard of you before, and am intoned to confide in yon. I must frankly say that I hate your profession as a rule. I don't believe in the omniscience of medical men, bnt moments come in the lives of all men when it is necessary to unburden the mind to another. May I give yon my confidence!" "One moment first," Isaid. "I can't odaiva wnn Kiv TTotinr T Iiota r-omo hum. not in toe capacity of a guest, hut as your J wife's medical man. She has been anxions j about yon, and toe begged of me to come and stay here for a few days in order to I render yon any medical assistance within my power. 1 only knew, on my way here to-day, I that she had not acquainted you with the nature of my visit." tvhile I was speaking, Sir Henry's faoe I became extremely watchful, eager and tense. I "This is remarkable," he said. "Sot Lucille is anxious Bbom me ? I was not aware I that I ever gave her the leastclue to toe fact that I am not —in perfect health. This is very strange — it troubles me," I He looked agitated. He placed one long, thin hand on the little table which stood near, and pouring outa glass of wine, drank it off. j I noticed as he did to toe nervous trembling -T-tJJo-lHi— 1 . TjflpnnaSUAbiaTqna, and 8BW i that it was torn to emaciation! " Well," he said, "I am obliged to you for bring perfectly frank with me. My wife scarcely din well to conceal toe object of yonr visit. But now that you have come, I shall make use of you both for mvself and for her." " Then you are not well?" Tasked. "Well!" he answered, with almost a shout. "Good God, no! Z think X am going mad. I know — I know that unless relict soon comes I shall die or become a raving maniac." "No, nothing of toe kind," I answered, soothingly ; "you probably want change. This is a fine old honse, but dull, no doubt, in winter. Why dont yon go away ? — to toe Riviera, or some other plaae whore there is plenty of sunshine ? Why do yoa stay here? The air of this place is too damp to be good for either yon or yonr wife. Sir Henry sat rilent for a moment, then he said, in a terse voioe : — "Perhaps yon will advise me what to do after yon -know the nature of the malady which afffiots me. hirst of all, however, I wish to speak of my wife." " I am ready to listen," I replied. "You eee," he continued, "that she is very delicate? " "Yes," I replied; "to be frank with you, I -should say that Lady Stndley was con sumptive.'' He started when I arid this, and pressed his lips firmly together. After a moment he spoke. " You are right," he replied. " I had her examined by a medioal man— -Sir Joseph Dunbar — when I was last in London ; he pud her longs were considerably affected, sad that, in short, she was far from wttt." " Did he not order you to winter 1 abroad ?" 1 " He did, but Lady Stndley opposed the 1 idea so strenuously that I was obliged to j yield to her entreaties. Consumption does not seem to take quite toe ordinary form with her. She is restless, she longs for cool air, | ene goos ont on quite cold days, in a I closed carriage, It is true. Still, except at | night, she does not regard herself in any sense I as an invalid. She has immense spirit — I j think toe will keep up until she dies." "Yon speak of her bring an invalid at | night," I replied. " What are her symp- tome!" Sir Henry shuddered quite visibly. "Oh, those awful nights," he answered. "How happy would many poor mor tals be but for the terrible time 1 of darkness. Lady Stndley had | dreadful nights for some time ; perspirations, eongh, restlessness, had dreams and all the rest of it. But I must hasten to 1 tell you my story quite briefly. In the be ginning of October we eaw Sir Joseph Don- bar. 1 should then, by bis ad vice, have taken Lady Stndley to the Riviera, but toe opposed the idea with snob pasrion and dis- tress, that I abandoned it. ' I Sir Henry paused here, and I looked at j him attentively. I remembered at that moment what Lady Studley had said about I her hnaband rehiring to leave toe Grange I under any circumstances. What a strange game of cross-purposes these two were play- I ing. How was it poBrible for me to get at the truth? " At my wife's earnest request," continued I Sir Hemy, "we returned to toe Grange. She j doolared her firm intention of remaining here I until toe died. j " Soon after onr return toe suggested that we should occupy separate rooms at night, reminding me, when she made the request. J of toe infections nature of consumption. I complied with her wish on condition that I slept to the room next hers, and that on the small"3! emergency I should be sum- moned to her IIId- This arrangement was made, and her room opene I'uv bubs, i nave 1 sometimes heard taer moving about at t night — I have often heard her cough, and 1 1 have often heard her sigh. But she has never onee sent for me, or given me to understand that toe required my aid. She does not think herself very ill, and nothing I worries her mote than to have her tnalady j spoken abont. That is the port of the story yrhiqh relates to mf wife." " She is very Hi," I said. " But I will 1 speak of that presently. Now, will yon favor I me with an account of yonr own symptoms, Sir Henry!" He started again when I said tins, and going across toe room, locked the door and j pnt the key in his pocket. " Perhaps yon will laugh at me," he said, | " bnt it is no laughing nutter. I assure yon : I The most terrible, the most awful affliction | has come to me. In short, I am visited | nightly by an appalling apparition. Yon j don't believe to ghosts, I judge that by yonr faoe. Yew scientific men do.' | "Frankly, I do not," I replied. " So- called ghosts can generally be accounted for. | At toe most they are only toe figments of an | over-excited or diseased brain." "Be that as it may/' said Sir Henry/'toe diseased brain can give such tortnre to its I victim that death is preferable. All my life 1 1 have been what I consider a healthy -minded man. I have plenty of money, and have never j been troubled with the cares which torture men of commerce, or of small means. When 1 1 i married, three years ago, I considered myself toe most lucky and toe happiest of mortals." 1 I " Forgive a personal question," I inter- I rnpted. " Has yonr marriage disappointed you ?" " No, no ; far from it," he replied with | fervor. " I love my dear wife better and | more deeply even than the day when I took her as a bride to my arms. It is true that 1 1 am weighed down with sorrow about her, bnt | | that is entirely owing to toe state ot her | | health." " It is strange," I said, " that she should | | he weighed down with sorrow about yon for | | toe same name. Have yon told her of toe j | thing which terrifies yon ?" " Neva, never. I have never spoken of | it to mortal. It is remarkable that my wife | should have told yon that I looked like a man who had seen a ghost. Alas ! alas ! Bat let me tell von. the cause of my shattered j I nerves and falling health." j | " Pray do, I shall listen attentively," I re- j plied. "Oh, doctor, that I conld make you feel I the horror of it!" said Sir Henry, bending forward and looking into my eyes. "Three I months ago 1 no mora believed in visitations, ! in apparitions, in so-called ghosts, than yon I do. Were yon tried as lam, your soepticasm would receive a shook. Let me toll yon what be cure. Night after night Lady Studley and I retire to rest at the same boor. We say good | night, and Jay onr heads on onr separate pi- lows. The door of communication between ne is ehnt. She has a night-light to her room — j I prefer darkness. I dose my eyes and pre- pare for stomber. As a rule I fall asleep- j My sleep is of short duration. I awake with heads ol perspiration standing on my fore- I head, with my heart thumping heavily j I and with every nerve wide awake, ana waiting for the horror which will | come. Sometimes X wait half an hour — sometimes longer. Then I know by | a faint ticking sound to the darkness that the j Thing, for I can clothe it with no name, is | about to visit me. In a certain spot of the | room always in toe same spot, a bright light suddenly fiaRhaa j out of its midst there j I gleamsapretematuraUy large eye, which looks fixedly at ire with a diabolical expression. As 1 Hma goes, it docs not remain long ; hut as j agony counts, it seems to take years of my life away with it. It fades nssuddenly into grey 1 mist and nothingness as it comes, and, wet I with perspiration, and struggling to keep back screams of mad terror, 1 bury my head I in the "led- clothes." " Bnt have yon never tried to investigate J this thing?" I said. "I did at first. The first night 1 saw it, J | rushed out of bed and made for toe spot. It disappeared at once. -I struck a light — there j was nothing whatever in the room." J " Why £3 yon sleep to that room ?' 1 I ' I mnBt not go away from Lady Stndley. My tenor is that she should know anything j of di'« — my greater terror is that toe appa- i ntion, failing me, may visit her. 1 daresay | yon think I'm a fool, Halifax; bnt the fact is, bi« thing is killing me, brave man as X ' conrider myself." "Do yon seeit every night?" I asked. " Not quite every night, but sometimes on | toe same night it comes twice. Sometimes it | will not come at all for two nights, or even three. Itis toe most ghastly, the most hor- ribleform of torture that could bony a sane | man into his grave or into amadhonse." | "1 have not toe least shadow of donht," I said, after a pause, " that the thing can he accounted for." | Sir Henry shook his head. "No, no," I he replied, " it is either aa yon j suggest, a figment of my own diseased j | brain, and therefore just as horrible as a real : | apparition; or it is a supernatural visitation. Whether it exists or not, it is reality tome and | in no way a dream. The foil horror of it is present with me in my waking moments." j "Do yon think anyone is playing an j awful practical joke ?" Ienggested. | " Certainly not. What object can anyone have in soaring me to death? Besides, there is no one in the room, that I can swear. My outer door la looked, Lady Stndley'a outer door is looked. It is impossible thattoere can be any trickery in the matter." I cud nothing for a moment. I no more believed in ghosts than 1 ever did, bnt I felt certain that there was grave mischief at work. Sir ffwny mnrf be the ridim of n tinllnniTift- tion. This might only be caused by functional disturbance of toe brain, bnt it was quite serious enough to call for immedi- 1 ate attention. The first thing to do was to fold ont whether the apparition conld be accounted for in any material way, or if it; were dneto the state of Si Henry's nerves. I began to ask him certain questions, going folly into toe case in all its hearings. I then examined his eyes with the ophthalmoscope. The resnlt of (hie was to assure me beyond doubt that Sir Henry Btudley was in a highly nervous condition, although 3 oonld detect no &aoe; of brain disease. "Do yen mind taking me to yonr room F" IwfidL " Not to-night," he answered. "It is i late, and Lady Studley might express sur- prise. The object of my life is to conceal j this horror from her. When she is ont to morrow yon shall come to the room and judge for yourself." " Well," I said, " I shall have an interview with your wife to-morrow, and vase her most strongly to consent to leave toe Grange and | go away with you." I Shortly atter wards we retired to rest, or what went by toe name of rest in that sad house, with its troubled inmates. I most I confess that, comfortable as my room was, I slept very little. Sir Henry's story stayed with me all through the hours of darkness. 3 am neither nervous nor imaginative, hot f oonld not help seeing that terrible eye, even in my dreams. I met. my host and hostess at an early breakfast. Sir Henry proposed that ob the nay was warm ana nne, x suouiu — I a neighboring meet. I was not to toe | humor for this, however, and Bald frankly I that I should prefer remaining at the I Grange, (toe glanoe into the faces of my j host and hostess told me only too plainly that I had two very serious patients on my hands. Lady Stndley looked terribly weak ! and excited— the hectic spots on her cheeks, the gleaming glitter of her eyes, the parched Hps, the long, white, emaciated hands, all showed only too plainly the strides toe malady under which ehe was Buffering was j making. "After all, I cannot urge that poor girl to go abroad, "I said to mysefi. " Sheishasten- ing rapidly to her grave, and no power on I earth can seve her. She looks as if there I were extensive disease of the lungs. How 1 res dees her eyes are, too ! I would much rather testify to Sir Heary's sanity than .to tecs." _ Sir fiany Stndley also "bore traoeB 01 fr sleepless night — his face was bloodless ; he averted his eyes from mine ; he ate next to nothing. 10 SB OOSTISPED.) 