SYDNEY SPOOK-HUNTERS OB, . THE SATURNALIA OF . SPHIITUALISI BX A : ASIATEUB MAHATSIA. The other evening I was attending to my custamary duties in the Parliamentary Press Gallery, when one of the messengers — the one with a ramrod gait and asaintly scowl brought me a line of ivutrnction from the Editor-in-Chief that I was to go and take notes of a Spiritualistic Seance at Dr. Elizabeth's surgery ia McCarthy-street. To speak the truth, I was not sorry to change the venue of my reflections, for the. 'gingerbread' statesmen were worrying away at the Laud Bill, and the details of the discussion were many degrees below ordinary drearinesB. Strange to say, there is no medium about Parliamentary debates ; they are either very lively or else they are very depressing. . Pleased, therefore, at the chance of escaping a few hours' infliction (which inflictions certainly ought to go to the Gallery-Reporter's credit at the world's great settling-day), I smiled, compassionately on 'Outis,' exchanged winks of condolence with the, prayerful rapaiter from the ' Herald,' left my little black bag in safe keeping in the ' Star ' Chamber, and walked briskly to the scene of the Seance, humming, at intervals, that sentimental refrain — ' Svreef Spirit, hoar my prayer.' McCarthy-street, us every one knows, ia ballasted with model lodging-houses and paved with model lawyeri. Here and there, the doctor aud the dentist extend their chirurgical pa-WB with a view of getting the garotte oft all whom the model lawyers loBe and the model lodging-houses fall to scoop. Over one of the sweetest and moat spirited surgeries In the street preside: Doctor Elizabeth, one of the moat famous m rants in Sydney. Though the «i;w2/u/regardshini as they do all men who ' see visions and dream dreams,' yet the initiated sec in him the composite re-incarnation of Galileo and the famouB Witch of Endor. Giving a hearty pull at the bell, as a sort ot out-door intimation that I was no trembling patient, but a persistent groper after scientific solidities, tbe ring, was responded to by a fat-faced page in lemon colored livery, who might have passed'for the alter ego of the Fat B«y in ?' Pickwick.' or, at all events, aj himself a substantial medium— for the inordinate transit of 1 broken wittles.' 1 'Is the Seance on?' I enquired. '?It are,' he replied (imulting grammar for fact, as is a falling with pages in general, and medicated 'tigers'* inparticular) ; 'and the Spooks will soon be coming out of their atmospherical hiding-placet, and a-goln' it, hot and strong.' ' Take my card to the Doctor, then, and tell him I'm here to represent Thuth at the Seance.' 'No kid, Mister I Do jou really come from Teoth ?' . ' JTcs. Impudent varlet, vihy do yon askJ' 'I thought you might be irom the 'Erald,' and only kidding to come from Tbutb, so as to get let in. The Doctor says no more 'Jirald1 reporters are to be admitted, not on no account. The last one was a delicate Johnny .with flaxen-hair and a lip like a motherless foal ; ha took fright, Mister, and fainted, because he caught sitrlit of one of the female Spook's stockings. The Seance had to be let rip in order to bring him round, which took the beat part of half-an-hour.' 'Well, hurry up and tell the Doctor I'm from Teuth, and nu connection with the other beggars.' In a fen- minutes 1 was ushered in to the headquarters of the Spook Society, the boy waddling in front ot me ss nimbly as his ponderous proportions would allow, and ceremoniously quitting me at the threshold, after impishly whispering me, ' 1 say, wot price Maud Uatilder, eh .'' The compartment devoted to the pro fessional procreation of Shadows from the Shades was a delightful confUBion ef the esthetic and the alarming. Art and awe were fantastically blended. The walls were daintily encased in heliotrope evidences of the upholsterer's art, and tbe carpet, which- was Oriental in its Boftness and sweetness, was of a modes! chocolate tint, splashed with Bpraya of silver-grey. On the walls hnng two steel engravings, which 1 peered at with same curiosity during my stay. One wag entitled 'The Angelic Awakening,' and probably pourtrayed the beaming delights or a new-born soul in the first raptures of re-incarnation. The other bore a foreign title, which. I was not erudite enough to interpret, and aboat which I, as is the custom of Pressmen, was ashamed to mani fest my ignorance by asking the Doctor to de the honors of translation. It appeared to me to represent one ef two actualities— either Oolonna-Olose cross-examining an inhostile witness, or else the Devil toasting an Apostle. In other respects, the repose of the room waB toned down by the subdividing necessi ties of a sombre-black curtain, on which was woven in white crewel-silk a pallid repre mentation of a skull and thigh banes. In another corner of the room, with a glass case for its mausoleum, waB a well-preserved and picturesque skeleton, whose bones bad keen burnished to a (smooth and. shiny texture by incessant manual polish. Towards the close of the Seance I caught myself wondering whether tbe skeleton represented a fcllow mortal of this or the preceding generation ; and whether its legitimate owner had died a natural death or had been a patient of one of the Profession. At the mosntat o! my entrance, Van apartment was in the throes «f that spiritual revelry which is paradoxically represented by solemn stillness. Doctor Elizabeth merely gave me a sepulchral smile of welcome, and said ' Hush ' in a tane which gave me the creeps to begin with. A very angular female, whaae tout ensemble Was all bone and biliousness, nearly prodmed me in the eye with her lean, weird forefinger, which she afterwards placed npon her lips, not as an invitation to osculation, but a- an injunction to silence. Fiona these symptoms I judged that the Spooks were in the throes of parturition, and so I sat me down very gingerly and proceeded to materialise my fellow-gnests. There were, I BhouM lay, abont a score of persons present, most of whom, I afterwards learned, were ardent enthusiast! in the cause of advanced Spiritualism. All were well-dad, and seemingly belongedto what little Jacobs would term the 'lovely upper circles.' The sexes were almost equally divided ; If anything, the masculine element pre ponderating. As they made a gap in the circle ostensibly for mr accommodation, I found myself sandwiched between a sylph-like damsel of (I should gay) eomo 20 BummerB, and a ilashly-ureBsed Bookmaker, whose ' Lengthened flweetseBs, long: drawn out ' was detracted from by tho dual affliction of Blmmel's perfume above and dissolving feet below. Yet 1 suffered the Bookmaker for the sake of the Sylph. The remaining links ia the circle of Spook-hunters were respectable, but motley, though even the Bookmaker, to give him his due, seemed at ease in the magic Ring, and not afraid of Spooky doubles, Bel*w him waB a middle-aged lady with an alabaster neck and a turquoise necklace ; then an elderly gentleman with a claret- colored nose, apparently the matrimonial comple ment of a leBs-elderly female, whose nose was normal-tinted, but degraded by a wart. Then a young man, with the pale and vacuous countenance that advertises the half-student, half-idiot, by whom the realms of Science are so unlawfully invaded. Next a jovial-faced, ruddy-hued epicure, inclined to corpulency, whom I summed-np as either ft -stootw et -an army-offlcer— a Lancer in / either case. Then a sallow-tinted lady, of uncertain age, who simpered through speotacles.andwas a suitable foil to a plump and presentable maiden, with a roguish eye and a fasolnatlng face— one who, I'll vow, would Booner kiBS a flesh-and-blood young man than coax an insipid Spook, Her neighbor was a Primitive Methodist cleric, of the Joe Cook brand, who beamed bene volently on the Circle as much as to Bay, 'Here at least is one parson wboiB no bigot, but prepared, on the contrary, to leave the whole question to the evidences of his eye Bight.' Above me, on the other side, were— inter alia—-i gentleman, monlded in prim ness, precision, and portliness, and who wore a Bknll-oap to bide the fact that he was as bald as a coot ; a tea-merchant with a Dntch face, a diminutive body, and a shock head of red-hair ; a theatrical lady whose hair was all curly and corksorewy, and whose fascinations were diminished by a dietreBBing cough; and, finally, a wall-eyed attorney, who blew his nose violently every other minnte, and alternated the performance by opening Mb mouth to gasp (like a shark in extremities), and then closing it again with a snap that seemed to say 'Wait till the Spirits como, and I cross- examine them. Then hear mo in demurrer.' I had rapidly etched my neighbors in my mind's eye, when Doctor Elisabeth (who is a dark and dapper scientist and is, like Dickens' Mrs. Wittiterly, ' all soul ') attracted attention by wriggling in hit seat and quivering with suppressed excitement, ' The Crisis is at hand,' he whispered, in tones more tragic than dulcet, at which announcement the theatrical lady coughed with a painful increase of vehemenoe and the wall-eyed attorney added extra zest to the snapping of bis jaws. The lady whose noBe was graced with a pimple and garnished with a wart, suggested the Circle should sing something, and the suggestion was adopted, probably Irom a fear that the Spirit might be of a bashful type and disinclined to intrude till assured of a merry welcome. ?=♦* If Spooks are ordinarily affected by tocb.1 efforts or uave a rational ear for niusio, then the one whom the Doctor and his accomplices were hatching was evidently a callous and ignorant type of Spook, or else was as deaf as a beetle. At least 1 opino so from tho fact that the vocalism was such an execrable blend of high and low- class music and no music at all. Each sang what he br sue thought the best, adapted to please the approaching apparition ; and so the coherency of the choristers was painfully aon - apparent. The Book maker led off with the 'Lai/ of the List Minstrel,' and the Attorney quit blowing his nose asd intoned the ' Charge of the Light Brigade.' The Primitive . Methodist Glcric chucked a stanza of ' Bad I thi Wings of a Turtle-dove,' and the pretty girl with the loiruUh eye struck up with ' I wish 1 ion in the Land of Oottou.' Otner items of minstrel exuberance fluctuated between 'Kule Britannia' and 'Wait till the Clouds Boll by,' the diverse melodies sometimes colliding and sometimes commingling, with an effect that I will never forget— even if the weirdly-welcomed Ghost does. Just as the prim, portly, and bald- headed gentleman was enhancing the ngony by an attempt at 4( 'fi dunno where 'e are,' and 1 had started to chortle 'Git rer'aircut,' the manifestation manifested) and — so to speak — the Ghost walked. In other words, there flitted across tho sable cirlain tb.9 outline of a man's shadow, which the opook Huntera unanimously voted to be a mani festation. ??-*..--?? -?- '? Marvellous 1 ' ejaculated the alabaster necked consort of the Bookmaker. 'By Sundial out of Nightshade,' whls pttied h« 'KtU-inioiiBcd spsUBC 'Demurrer (abandoned; I throw np my brief,' said the wall-eyed attorney, with a less noisy and more mollifying Bnap of the jaws. \--l'ax rufciwKwl' said the Primitive Methodist Cleric, who was rewarded with a scowl from the lady with the alabaster isthmus, who thought he was emitting a strange oath. ' Ars loiiga 1 1' said the Dutch-faced com pounder of illegitimate tea. ' Vita brevia 1 I I' roared the corpulent physician, who had read and remembered Ingoldsby's Legends. As every one was evidently havine: a cut at the Classics, 1 thought it only fair to come along with my little lot. ' Magmi ext Veriias I' I yelled, ' and only two pence a copy — with superb illustrations by Monte Scott thrown in.' This calmed the Classical Smpheaval, although the Bookmaker, thinking 1 had said 'Magnus is very fast,' wanted to discuss horse racing with me, and wonld have— only his wife Bcowledhim into silence and submission. ' Ah, good people,' said Doctor Elizabeth (in a pitch of voice as appropriate as bag pipes at a funeral), 'Once more we achieve a distinct Spiritualistic Triumph. ' t. More things in Air «nd Vapor, Horatio, \ 'iuan an dreamt of in your Philosophy. Ecce llomo\ Behold the manifestation. Let tbe scoffers at Science tremble 1 Let the eneererj at Spiritualism eat dirt. Psychic force is a transcendental, sub-atmospheric factor in evolving from circumambient ethereal immensity the Shadows of Shadow Life, who— through the crasB ignorance of nnethsreal mankind— are born to glide unsesn, ;-;r'™'-T£-j And waft their woirdness on the balmy air. '*' 6ister Bpook-Hunters, Brother Miracle Mongers, are thess tho wortB of wisdom, or are they — as cynics suggest— the ephemeral empiricisms of the empty-headed!' Foranswer a round of tumultuous applause interrupted Doctor Elizabeth's harangue, at which the creative physician— alarmed lest the uproar should dislocate the Spook's nerves, and so scare him off the canvas— held up his hand in deprecation. The applause abating, all hands beamed at the Spirit outlines, and tho more advanced and wstf ul zanies feasted their eyes on the Insipid shadow, as if Earth had ne such intrinsic excellence nor Heaven itself such heroes. After a lengthened pause, the Hunters began ta play with their Spook, as a cat doeB with a monso, or a harpoonist with a captive whale. First, the ShadowMan would pro coed leisurely along the whole length of the sable-drapery on which it first ' manifested '; then it would suddenly re-appear at the opposite cerner of the canvass, anon entirely disappearing off the curtain and making manifestation anew (chough in dimmer per spective) on the pretty heliotrope wall-paper, or right under the leeway ot the grinning, gaping skeleton. Once it appeared te forget itsghost-Iikegravity and to walveits shadowy decorum, for its eutllne appeared upside down on the ceiling, as if the Spook were Btanding on his head under the impression that the Charmed Circle was a circus— and Doctor Elizabeth the Uingmaster. Presently the guests began to dlBcuss the marits of the visionary visitor. Ihoy agreed uem eon that it was a maaculine manifesta tion — as well they might, seeing that the Spook wore the outline of trausers, and was in fact, breeched and ' Beard«i like the Pard.' - - I must, however, record my dissent from the verdict arrived at by jay fellow-guests, to the effect that the Manifestation waB the vraisemblance of ^perfect man. No perfect man was ever bo BUS- jointed — so immobile in all hiB limbs. It is true he flitted with some celerity from' ono ooign of vantage to another ; but strange to say, In all his shadowy peregrinations, ho never loosened a leg or moved aa arm or winked an c-yi-liiL JCe moved wholesale, so to speak, and all in' one piece, like the pictures in a panorama or policemen on their beats. There were no ligatures in' his legs, nojnuBcles in his arms, no nervei in his psychic cerebral development. He simply glided about in a state of nnruptnred immobility, more like a man's shadow than a Shadow Man. The Primitive Methodist clergyman advanced the sagaoious hypothesis that he was probably a Spook from the Medes .and Persians, and partook generally of the,_ characteristic . of their «aiotif.4n4 that 1 supposition was discounted by ths l9t0. oentury clothes the Manifestation's 'ratline exhibited. These looked suspiciously like the vestments which Sydney's sartorial 'Archi- tects' are wont to constrnct. Other details, which I rapidly etohed, show the Spook to be opposed to Looal Option, for his nasal outline was bulbous, as, perhaps befits a denizen of Spirit Land. He alsa requires (if I may ventnre a friendly hint to his Creator) to get his hair cut before hia next appearance ; likewise, his heavy boots are ill-suited for treading the rariHed air, unless, indeed, he pat them on. specially for manifestation purposes, on the principle ' When at Borne, do as Bame does.' Or, maybe, the genius that constructed htm out of psychic force, constructed his boots out of the Bame handy material. Anyway oi a vagrant spook, supposed to be here to-day and in the atmosphere to-morrow, tie exhibited unbecoming serial anachronisms, Lastly, tho proprieties Ehould be preserved at well as the equities. It is positively improper to observe a Spook hopping abont in ignorance of the fact that his coat collar ia awry and all his buttons are not en regie,— as if, forsooth, there it any necessity to conjure him from his abysmal atmosphere in snoh heated haste as not to allow- him to straighten his Bhadowv apparel, and to button up before his ieh't ? on the Spiritualistic Stage. „. ,,. While these reflections were running u» j and down my mind, the medicated manufao % turer of Spooks and Shadows again brek '! silence. i' ' Ladies and gentlemen,' said he, address * ing tho Cock and Hen Spirltnalists, 'our visitor is no stranger to our Convention!, He is the Shadow-Substance of Thebphlloi Thompson, whose spirit we oonjure np from its vasty deep at will.' ? _Here the Bookmaker wished to ask it tl« visionary visitant was any relation, to tt« celebrated Thompson— Joe, Phinn, and Barney ; but the Primitive Methodist Cleric objecting, the question was ruled out oi order as ' frivolous and vexatious.' .. The wall-oyed attorney then asked Va» ha tho Desire Body of Theophilus Thompson, or only that nondescript's Negative Essencel 1' or reply, a hollow voice, which sounded midway between tho Circle and tbe Appari tion, responded 'I have no desire*, no passions, and' (this, perhaps, in retort on the attorney) 'nacoveUusuess.' --- The roeuiah young lady appeared to 'be tht only one dfBDleausd with the Spirifs reply, ani she curled her nose in' high-bred icmlnine contempt at what the Olerio styled \- Sinless syncope.' Doctor Elirabeth then elicited the fact that Theophilus Thompson had been a Spirit a?ei before Moses w»re knickerbook9rs, and that | the Spook had equal knowledge of the Past, i ths Present, and the Future. 'Do you think, then,' I asked, -? that ha could tell us the winner of the next Melbourne Cap V .. 'Holy Eachel, ask him at once,' pleaded the Bookmaker, and in reply the same sepulchral, unlocated voice inquired what horses were competing in the race. - Having an eld ' Beferee ' in my pooket, I read out the list of entries, the Cleric and the bald-headed gentlemen both closing their eyes, bnt not their ears, dnrine the recital. ^ When I had finished, the same voice responded 'Jeweller will win. It is so decreed.' ' Holy Abraham 1' yelled the Bookmaker, whipping out a pocket-book 'A thousand to eighty all round that he don't get even a shop I' . No one responding, the Bookmaker added, 'Hes scratched weeks ago,' at which the roguish damsel grinned and the Cleric and bald-headed gentleman involuntarily and mechanically nodded their corroboration. Any further interrogations were ended st this stage by the shadow bolting — vanishing clean out of sight, either affronted or dia. comlited or both ; nor could all the creative genius of tho Circle lure the absconded apparition back. 'I didn't think much of him,' said the' Bookmaker, as we all rose to leave. -? He's as bad a3 the sporting prophets — tipping a scratched horse.' 'Sinfuhman,' saMthe Primitive Methodist cleric, 'do von know what will win the Melbourne Cup 7' ' Holy Mosep, no ; don't wish I did I' ' Then, why rebuke the spirit of Theophilus Thompson for a fallibility which you share in common with him.' ' Well, I wonldn't have been such a bally fool, anyhow, aa to tip a tcratchtd horse,' replied the Bookmaker. - ~s : :??.,: :- :::^I:? 'Well?' queried the Editor-in-Chief, on my return to Teoth's Banctum, « What is your opinion of Spiritualism 1' 'Gory humbug,' said I. And gory humbug it is 1 