rhe Splendid Spur. , loig Memoirs of the.Adventures of Mr. * lJolhn Marvel, a Servant" of His late th Mijesty King Clnrles 1, In tile years il W)12-3: Written by hlimself. t EDITED IN MODERN ENGLISH BY "Q.' 'U Chapter 1.-Conitinued. de the captain's shoulder, but without lifting hs eyes: cc ,Just in time, Jacki Take off the second cur, that's a sweet boy[" to Now I carried no sword; but, seizing :t he , tankard from the pot boy's hand, I hurledit. at the dog faced trooper. It struck him fair betweeptlthu shoulder bludes; and with a yell of pain.hb spun round isnd came towards me, his pointglittering in a way that turned me cold. .1 gave back a pace, snatchled up a chuir (thatt luckily had a wooden sent), and, with my .back against the door, waited his charge. 'Twus in.this posture that, flingng.a glaneo across the room, I saw the captain'sB .word describe a snmull circle of light', mulnoxt O- m nimnt, with.a harp cry, Anthony caught at the blade,.and staggered against, the wall, pinned through the chest to the wainscoting., "Out with the lights, Dickl' bhwled Settle, tugging out his point. "Quick, fool-thoe windowl ' :t Dick, with a back sweep of his hond, sent t the candles flying off the shelf, aud, save for' the flicker of the hearth, we wore in dark nesa. I felt, ratherthhan saw, his rush.towards me, leaped aside, and brought down my chair with a crash on his'skull. He weist down like. a ninepin. but ' scrambloed upn a trice'and' was running for the window. There .was a shout below as the captain thrust -the lattice open; another, and the two dark forms had clambered through the purple square of the casenent and dropped into the'bowling green below. By this I had made my way across the room, and found. Anthony sunk against the' wall with is' feet outstretched. There was' something, he held out towards me, groping for my hand, and at the santo time whisper lng in a thick, choking voice: ' "Here, Jack, hero; pocket it quickl" 'Twns a letter, and as my fingers closed on it they mot 'a damp smear, the moaning of which was but too plain.. "Button it-sharp-in thy breast; now feel' for wy sword." ' "Fil't lot me tend thy hurt, dear lad.1' "Nay.--quickly, my swordl 'Tis. pretty, Jack, to L[oar thee say 'dear lad.' A cheat to die like th.'!-could- have' laughed for years yet. The dfce were cogged--hast found ItF" I groped. bslldo him, found the hilt and hold it up. '' ,. a. , .. "So-'tis thine, Jack; aid my mare, Moly, and the letter to ta'ko. Say to Delia- Harki they are on the stair. Say to" With a shout tile dsor.was flung wide, and on the threshold stood' the watch, their lan terns hold high and sldJiing in Anthoeiy's white face and on the black stain where his doublet was thrown open. ' ' ' ' " - In numbers they were six or eight, led by a small, wry necked man that held a long staff, and wore a gilt chain orvilhis furred collar.- Behind, in the doorway, pore hud died half a dozen women peering, nmd Master Davenant at the back of all, his grat face looming over their shoulders like a mnonu "Now, speak up, Master Shortl" "Ay, that I will-that 1 will; buit myltend Is. considering of affairs,"'answored, Maser Short-hl of the wry neck. "One,. two, three"- HI looked round'tlhi room,: and fndingh but one capable of resisting (fortho pot boy was by this time in a flt) cleared his throat and spoke up: ' "In the liig's name, arrest you all-so help me Godi Now, what's the mattorl" 'Murder," said 1, looking up from my work of stanching Anthony's wound.." "Then forbear, and don't do it." "Why, Master Short, they've been forbear ing these ten minutes," a woman's voice put in. -. " *'"Iunsh; and hear'lfastr M er ort;-he-kuows the law, and all the dubious maxims of the same." "Ay, ay; he says forbear in the king's name, whichis to say, that other forbearing is neither law nor grace. Now then, Master Short" . ' Thus exhorted, the man of law continued: "I charge ye as honest suen to dispersol" "Odds truth, Master Short, why you've just laid them under arrestl" "H'm--true; then let thom'stay so-la the king's narneo-and have done with it." Master Short, iu fact, was growing testy; but now the women pushed by him, and, by screaming at the sight of blood, put him out of all patience. Dragging them back by the skirts, he told me' he must take the deposi tions, and pulled out pen and Ink horn. ' "Sirs," said I, laying poor Anthony's head softly back, "you are too late; while ye were cackling my friend is idead." "Then, young man, thoumust comoalong." "Coio alongi" , '' -' , "The charg. is homocidium, or, man slay Ing, with or without malice propense" S'But"- I look'd roud; ' The pot boy was insensible, and my eyes fell on Master Dave nant,' who slowly shook.his Iead.* - ' ,I'll say :not a' word," said he, stolidly; -'lost twenty lpund, one time, by a lawsuit." "Pack of fools! I cried, drivelibeyond en durance. "The. guilty ones haveo'escaped these ten miuutes. Now stop moewhodaresl" And, dushlng my loft fist on.the nose of a j watchman who .would have seized me, I: cleared a pace with Antihony'ssword, made a run for the casement, andLdropped out upon the bowling green. SA pretty shout went up as I picked myself offthe turf and rushed for the back door. 'TwaiH unbarred, and in a moment I found myself tearing down the passage' and out into the Corn market, withi ' scro or so tumbling.down stairs at my heels, and yell 'ng to stop me... Turning sharp to my right, I flew up Silp street, and through the Turl, and doubled back up the High street, sword in hand.' The people I passed were too far taken aback,' as] 'suppose, to interfere. But a many must have joined in the chase, for presently the streat behind me was thick with the clatter of footsteps and cries of "A thiefl -a'thitofI Stophiml"'.. :AtiQsater Volea I turned again and sped downitowards St. Aldate's, thence to the left by WVld DBoar street and into St. Msry's lana By this..the shouts had grown fainter, but word still following. ' ow's knew thero was no possibility to get past the city gates, whichl were well guarded at night.' <My hope reached no further than the chance of out witting .the pursuit lfor a while longer.. i In the end I was sure the pot boy's evidence .would clear me and (hereforo began to enloy the' fun. Evin' my certain" expulsion from college on thesmorrow seemed of a piece with the resato ooveots'and (prospectively). astat ter: for nlaughter. .For theo straggle atithel "Crown',liad.isrihlngod. iy wits, as' I must suppose and ,you imust bellievo If, you woild understand my' behavoir In'. the next. halt houra . ! , ' ,. . ' ... . ,' SA bright thought struck me; and takinig a (fresh ind I set o"agaiual round the'corner ot Oriel college and down Merton street to wards Master *Timothy Carter's house, my mother's' cousin.' This geutleman-who was 'town clerk tothe nmayor and corporatlon of I 'Oxford-was: also in a sense my' guardian, holding In trust'about £'200 (which 'was .all 'my inheritasce), and spending the same jeal ously on my education. He wasa very small, 'precise lawyer, about 60 years old, shaped like a pear, with. prodigious, self important osmanner that came. of. associatingwith great 'me'; and all the knowledge I had of himu was picked up on , tif rare occasions (about twice a year) 'that1 dined, at' his table. He haid early married and Ipst an aged shrew, whose • anoney had been themakiuug of hin, a'nd lsld imure reapeot for law aud, authbrlty tihan any, three men, in. Oxford, So that I reflected, with a kind of desperate hilarity, on the greetingl he was like to give me. This kinsman of mine had a fine house at the east end of Merton street, as you turn into Loglc lane: and I was ten yards from the front door and runniug my faststeat, whle suddenly I trippel and fell headlong. Before I could rise a hand was on my shoul der and voice speaking in my ear: ""Pardono,comrade. We are two of a trade, I see." , 'Twis a follow that had been lurking at the correr of the lane and had thrust out a legas I passel. lie was pricking up his ears now to the cries of "Thiel thief l" that bad al ready reached the head of the streetand were .irawing near. "I alml no tllef," said I. "Quickl"' He draggedi meinto the shadow. of,the liteo. "IInsta crown i'thy pockeat' -".Wh y r" "Why, for a good turn. I'Il fog-these gen .t?y, for thee. Many thanks, comrade," as I ,pulled out the last tow shillings of myrpeket money. "Now. pitch thy sword over the, wall here and set thy foot on my hand. 'Is e a rich man's garden; t'other side, that I was, meaning to explore myself; but anmther night will serve." "'Tie Master Cartor's," said I; "and he is my klusman." . "The devill-but never mind, up with theel fNow imark a pretty piece dft play 'Tis pity ;thou shouldst be acroessthe wall and unable i to see." ,I, He gave a great holst:.catching at the cop Ing,of the wall, I:pulled myself up and sat astride of it. "Good turf below-ta-ta,.comradel" By now: the .crowd was almost at the cor nor. - Dropping 'about eight feet on to good turf, as the fellow had said, I picked myself ,op.niJistenod. "Which way weonthe"e.called one, as they came near. . .. i n"Down the streetl" "No; up the lane!" "lHlttlh" "Up the lane, I'll be awaorn." "lore, hand the lanternl' etc., etc. While they debated, niy friend stood-clase on the other side of the wall; but now I heard I him dash suddenly out, and up the lane for i his life. "There he goes[" "Stop himi" the :ries broke out afresh. "Stop him, in the; king's namol" The whole pack went pelting by, shouting, stumbling, swearing. For two minutes or more the stragglers, :ontinued. to hurry past by ones and twos. As soon as their shouts died away, I drew' freer breath and looked around. , I was inasmall turfed garden, well stocked. with evergroee shlrubs, at the hack of a tall houso that I knew for Master Carter's. But what puzzled mie was a window iu the first floor, very brightly lit, and certain sounds' huaing therefrom that had no correspond mace with my kinsman's reputation. "It was a frog leaped into a pool Fot-de-riddle, went ouse in the mlddlel Says he, Tihl is better than moping n school, What a" "Your royal highness, have some pityl What hideous follyl Oh, dear, dear'-: "With a fa--btweedle--tweedle Tiddifol-lddifol-idol" "Your royal highness, I cannot sing the dreadful stuifl Think of my gray hairhl" 'Tushl Master Carter -nonsense; 'tis choicely well sung. Come, brother, the chorusl" "With a fa-la" And the chorus was roared forth, with shouts of laughter and clinking of glasses.. Then came an lntervanl of mournful appeal, and my kinsman's voice was again lifted:., "Hie cattered thetadpoles,and set'em soo, Ileyl nod-noddy--ail head and no bodyl O mammy, O nunkyl"- "Oh, mercy, mercyl it makes me sweat for shameno." . Now meantime I had been searching about the garden, and was- lucky enough to find as tool sihed, and inside of this a ladder hanging, I which now I carried across and planted be neath the window. I had ashrewd notion of what I should find at the top. remembering now to have heard that the Princes Rupert and Maurice were lodging with Master Car r ter;- but tihe truth beat all my fancies. For climbing softly up and looking in I beheld my poor kinsman perched on his chair a-top of the table, In the midst of glasses, do' canters and desserta; his wig askew; his face white, save where, between the eyes, a med lar had hit and broken, and his glance shift. lng wildly between the two princes, who is. easy postures, loose and tipsy, lounged ont either side of- him and beat with their glasses on the board. "Bravissimol More, Master Carter-morl"' '0 mamttay, O nunky,'here'e cousin Jack Frog With a fa--la"- , 1 lifted my knucklos and tapped' on -the pane; whereon Prince Maurice starts up with ma oath, and coming to the window, flings it open. . . ' ' :. "Pardon, your highness," said I, and pulled. myself past him into the room, as cool as you. please. 'Twas worth;while to see their surprise. Prince Maurice ran back to the table for his. sword; his brother (being more thoroughly drunk) dropped a' deeiater on the floor.r and' lay back staring in his lchair. l' hile as for my kinsman, ie sat.- with mouth wide and. eyes starttng,'as thoiigh I were a very ghost. In the which embarrassnient I took occasion. to say, very politely:- . ? '; "Good evening, nunkyl" - ' "Who the' devil'is thisl" gasps: Prince Ru., pert ,:.- : :',-,'? . , , S"hy, the fact is, your' highness," an-i swered I, stepping up and- laying my swoar on the table,. whileo. I, poured out? a.glass, "Master -Timothy- Carter here is my gunar, dim,, and has the smanll 'sum of £2110 in his' possession' for, my use, of which I happen to-! night to stand in immediate need.: So yole see"-' I finished theo sentence by tossing oil a glass.; '!This Is rare stuff l" I said. . "Blood and furyl" burst out Prince Rupert, fumbling for his sword,, and then gazing; drunk and helpless. \- "Two hundred pouudli Thou Jackanapes" hbegan.Master Carter. "I'll lot you' of ,with fifty tonight," said L "Ten thousand"- :. . "No, fifty. :Indeed. nunky,"' 1' ;went on, ,'tis very smpi." 1 mwa, at the 'LC?owa'" tavern"- '-;-'; " / "At atave ernl. ': "Ay, at a gameof dIce" - I "Dic-l" "Ay, and a youngmsan waskliled" "Thou' shamelesi ptippyl .'A ns, 'murt te red"-l' --- - ----- . "Ay nunky; and the worstis they sy itt I. 'as that killed him., ". '~' ' ' ; S, "nH's mhd. The boy's sta lk ravg madi " exclaimed my kinsman. "To come here in a 0 this triml"'. t cr "Wsy,.-u thou nunky strange. Sone to talko of apearancc's. Oh, dearl" and. 0 lu'ii':it~o ivld hIt of laighing, for the 0 ie:ied wartmd me up to play thoe comedy o ut "To hear thee sing.p '." -.' S- , wint a f-i-s-tweedis-tweefine'· "' -l 'and-n O", nunkuy, thatic nedlar on.thy rfarei? SIleaveni' 'name, atu.. pl broke 'l:.i'? th: . Prin tceMauriLce, -f +'Am tssador onlydrsiirik* a Rupertif 'you .lvarniei:.55Y L'.un wors' d thand?rlki."', + . . ,' - , S"Lord know,," 1 'nsed i rsi'ther, .:1 7 for one ras neover this way iefor ?'e + e.'., I d: ,"lil"dyoi'r highn)es, e donly driink ii mid 1, "and abIat that.to lgn thbeori;l'ethat - I shall ask yeat for." s "' : " , . ' . :. ;4 s.a!To t a the city. gates ?o-night,' ,.-,i ..,r The R.l .S.S. Parramatta' tookl'ii ii w 1.C i002,s; of; lat torandd 91600 "oe.rs - Sihow yarda to llnorrowev[TlSrtl.y m-. :u . : "q ' i k ' L+'++ 4 ;'+ I::i+ i +? :: ' ?; " ?? :: :'' +: ::'~r:: ? :: 