FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1894. It would be difficult to imagine a controversy more amusing and instruc- tive than that on " Young Victoria's "Pronunciation" which has raged so long in our columns. Our original article on this subject has proved a sort of artesian well, which tapped a literary reservoir of mingled eru- dition and humour that seemed to be absolutely exhaustless. The con- troversy is, in one sense, highly gratify- ing, as it proves with how eager and wakeful a jealousy many persons, at least, are disposed to guard from injury that great possession, our mother tongue. But, on the other hand, many of the letters we publish only prove afresh how erratic the human senses are; how easily, and with what dangerous benevolence, they accommo- date themselves to existing evils, and oven, like MILTON'S Satan, learn to cry " Evil, be thou my good !" The owners of these treacherous senses quickly learn to make their own limitations the measure of truth. In the present cor- respondence, for example, there are many writers whose ears have forgotten to distinguish betwixt the full vowel sound of " day " and the mincing narrowness of "dye," and they courageously offer this odd decay of faculty in their own ears as a triumphant demonstration that the pro- nunciation of young Victoria is every- thing which a committee of philolo- gists could wish ! But colour-blind- ness is a serious defect in an art, critic, and those who simply, on the evidence of their own senses, under- take to deny there are serious faults making themselves audible in Austral- asian speech are themselves only afflicted with an obscure form of aural paralysis. Their own ears have made a treacherous alliance with the contorted vowels, the whittled-down consonants, and the emigrating terminals which, alas ! are fast becoming charac- teristic of sections, at least, of the com- mon speech. And yet young Victoria, on tho score of pronunciation, suffers somo injustico at tlio hands of critics. Australian speech is, at loast, purged of tho many voiced patois, the dialects, which make a linguistic map of, say, tho United Kingdom a mero patchwork quilt of provincialisms. Dialects, of courso, havo their roots in history, and tiley survive only in communities un- disturbed by currents from tho outsido world. It is a happy accident, no doubt, duo to our youth, our rocent geographical displacement, and to the wealth of' divorso ingredients in our national stock, which has so completely' offaced all " tones provincial " in Vic- torian speech. But lot it, at least, bo counted for linguistic righteousnoss to young Victoria that it has escnpod so soon, and so completely, from the dialects of tho mother-land ; that its speech is purged from tho burr of Nor- thumberland, and tho too spacious vowols of . Yorkshire ; from tho Irishman's brogue and tho Scotchman's afflictive enorgy of consonants. It is unjust, again, to charge what may bo fairly called, disputablo questions in pro- nunciation as sins against young Vic- toria. Pronunciation is arbitrary ; it fluctuates oddly, by forces which nobody can exactly trace, mid not only from one génération to another, but from one class, and even ono city, to another. No one but a Cambridge man would call St. John " Sinjin ;" and if a Magdalen Collego existed out- side Oxford no ono would dream' of calling it " Maudlin." Yot Oxford and Cambridge men respectively identify each othor by these his- toric and beloved mispronunciations. Even educated mon aro not all of one tongue, though no ono can mistako tho tongue of an educated man. One famous Chancellor of the Exchequer always described the public income as " revenue ;" his equally famous rival on the opposite benches obstinately denominated it "revenue," and both wore entitled to bo regarded as authori- ties. Dr. MOORHOUSE, ono of tho most accomplished and scholarly of orators, always described the Father of Lias as "Snttan," a pronunciation upon which the most valiant of curates could not vonturo ; and Professor MORRIS, In our own columns, has told us of two head masters of Rugby who " differed in " thoir pronunciation of tho word GOD, " and both were wrong-one'ol' thom pro-, "nounccdit 'Gud'andtheother'Gawd.'" It is probable, again, that any young Victorian who addressed his astonished schoolmastor in the drawl which Oxford bestowed on Professor PEARSON-or pormitted to survive in him-2-would ro coivo somo prompt and energetic ad- monitions, applied a xiosteriori, on tho whole subject -of pronunciation. A compotont knowledge of etymology, of dictionaries, of' tho varying usages of educated men leaches a wiso charity on the whole question of pronunciation, Tho serious peril of young! Victoria is that it may develop certain forms of slovenly and imperfect speech which will perpetuate themselves, become accepted and almost universal ; will bribe tho, ears of those who should know better into acquies :eneo, and so become an indelible characteristic for us in tho oyes of tho outsido world. ' In this way tho English tongue niay, for us and our children, becomo a damaged instrument. Somo of our correspondents declaro that a dis- tinct tendency to shrillness is making itsolf audible in tho typical Australian voico ; and this is a note emphatically of chara«ter-a note of contentiousness, of self-assertion. Tho characteristic .vices of Victorian speoch, however, which our correspondents agreo in declaring to oxist aro thoso which have their root in mero raw haste and mental slovenliness. This is what turns the full enr-eontonting " ft " into a piping " ï." which hustles tho ter- minal syllable out of hearing, and robs the consonants of half their compacting force in a word. Consonants aro the bony skeleton of a word, vowels the flesh which gives the uttered sound its flowing contours ; and the treatmont which omits half tho consonants and attenuates every vowel gives us, as a result, a mere verbal hospital of in- curables, maimed with every sort of injury and cursed with every kind of ailment. If young Victoria, indeed, is likely to becomo a shrill-voiced raco, whobo language is made of truncated syllables and chipped vowels, it is easy to discern in all this a very disquieting forecast of national character. But this is to take quite too tragical a viow of the changes threatening the national speech. There aro forces affecting it for good as well as for ill. Tho very discussion in our own columns by the attention it ' has drawn to the whole subject will help to arrest the mischief it describes. Young Victoria, too, as represented in this correspon- dence has shown a wiso and manly readiness to learn its errors and to mond them, which is altogether admirable A new vigilance will bo aroused on every side lo ensure that our mother- toiiguo shall not, by more ignoblo slovenliness, be robbed of half its music and force. Spoken words whóio the speech is musical and ear contenting, purged of indistinctness, and with a line equity presiding over the claims of each syllable-havo t a groat ollico. They reflect character. They reach tho understanding by the lino of least resistance. They glvo now music to poetry, new light to truth, new forco to reasoning, now pleasure to tho very senses. And every profession amongst us, as well as all social life, would gain enormously ; the pulpit would gain, and politics and tho law couits, tho talk of tho fireside and of the street ; if ' young Victoria wero. taught to grasp tho great possession, so easily within its reach, of a clear un ílawed uso of its own great legacy, the English tongue. There is no reason whatevor why tho purest English on the planet should not be spoken by Aus- tralian lips. Tho system of entrusting judicial functions to honorary magistrates is certainly not the most perfect method of securing tho administration of justice. "Whilo some endeavour honestly to malro themselves acquainted with the law, to form impartial de- cisions, and to discharge thoir duties faithfully, there aro othois who covet an appointment as a justice of the peaco merely because it increases their im- portance among their neighbors. In many cases, therefore, exception might easily be taken to tho judg- ments pionounced from the Bench. Wo havo had frequently to call alten I tion to sentences that were palpably ? inadequate for the punishment of dil forent offences. We have pointed out ovo. and over again that tho judicial functions of tho lower courts should bo entrusted as for as possible to paid magistrates, to gontlomon who . aro trained to woigh ovidenco, who aro above any little local prejudice or sympathy that might infect tho honorary justico, and who, by virtue of their responsible position, can reason- ably bo expected to decide every case upon its legal marita. This is tho system thattho authorities of the great cities in England have been compelled to adopt. It is tho system, coming noarer to our own colony, which exists in Sydney. There the justices of the peaco fulfil a certain number of minor duties, but the police courts aro pro sided ovor by a stipendiary magistrate. As long as men who havo no special fitnoss or aptitude for tho Bench aro allowed to adjudicato upon cases it will bo an easy matter to find anoma- lies.' i Hut this does not justify the Minis- ter of* Customs, Mr. BAKER, in utter- ing'a monaco against the magistracy because tho'officors of his department aro dissatisfied with soiuo sentences that havo been recently given, Mr. BAKER'S outburst is roprahonsiblo, for tho obvious reason that ho lins no political or legal or moral right to dragoon the magistrates. ' If he has a complaint to make'against them as a body, or against somo of .thom individually, his first duty is to consult his colleaguo, the Minister of Justico, Tho'magistrates cannot ''bo aslto'd to obey two masters. If ihe Minister of Justico is satisfied with tho manner in which their dutios'aro porformod, they should bo free from the menaces of an arrogant or irritated colleague. Mr. BAKER lias not yet boon entrusted by Parliament or by the country with such an all-important task as that of directing tho administra- tion pf justice. Hut, further, it will bo noticed that Mr. BAKER casts an asper- sion 'on tho whole body of magistrates simply because ho has . been told by sonne Excise officers that thoy do not' consider tho punishment to be adequate in cases where thoy aro able to secure convictions. If tho charge has any real value, it should be supportod by some instances in which tho penalties havo'beon notoriously insufficient. The law allows to magistrates, as it does to juries, a largo power of discretion. Thoy hear tho evidenco ; thoy soo the demeanour of tho witnesses ; thoy learn all tho facts of tho caso ; they note circumstancos which aro not mentioned in a report. They aro, therefore, assumod to bo the best judges of tho facts, and tho punish- ment which they inflict must depond upon their reading and interpretation of tho evidenco. It ¡ is monstrous that Mr. BAKER, who represents tho pro- secution, should ask thom to givo up their own judgmont and accept tho dictation of departmental officers. Butossumingtliat honoraryjusticcs often refuse to convict, or that thoy frequently impose inadequate penalties upon people who aro convicted of offences against tile Customs or Exciso regulations, who is really to blame ? Mr. BAKER'S com- plaint is in effect that a number of men have boon appointed to tho magistracy who are unsuitod to tho position. He declares now that " it is tho intention " of the Government to seo that gentle ",1111111. who accept, and in many in " stances clamour for, tho distinction " of justices of the poace shall perform " tho duties which thoy volun "Wily undertake in a manner which " will uphold the law and cause it to bo " respected." But who is really at fault? Tho gontlcman who clamours for " the distinction of a justico of the " peace " doubtless asks the member for tho constituency to intervene ; the mombo, dances attendance on a Minister, and the Minister advocates the appointment in Cabinet with little or no knowlego of the fitness of tho applicant for tho position. In those circumstances it seems to bo utterly unfair on tho part of a Ministor to decry tho magistrates, and in tho highest degree indecent to threaten thom. Wlietlior the number of undesirablo magistrates bo largo Or small, wo cannot overlook tho fact that thoy owo their appointment to tho Government of tho' day, and that if thoy aro ablo to work harm it is becauso of the objectionablo method of making ap- pointments which Ministries and mem- bers of the Legislature have constantly followed. It is no doubt very annoying to the exciso officers, after they havo gone to some trouble and expense in getting up a case, to find that the accused aro acquitted, or that tiley are but lightly filiad. This is a ftequont accident, however, in the administration of justico. It may bo that some of tho laws tho department is required to enforce aro not endorsed by public opinion nt tho present timo. If such a supposition bo correct, there may bo occasional miscarriages of justico until the people havo become thoroughly accustomed to tho law. There was a period in Great Britain .when it was almost ifn possiblo to obtain a conviction against smugglers, although .¿hero is now no. difficulty in doing so.- It was nearly impossible to have a satisfactory penalty inflicted for cruelty to animals, but in the course of a few years tho magistrates havo seen the necessity of dealing severely with the oll'enco. But wo need not discuss further what aro tho,causcs of tho inadequate sentences passed upon offenders against tho Exciso regulations, if tho sentonces aro really inadequate. It may bo that some of tho magistrates aro unfit for their offico, in which case tho Govern- ment is 'to blamo. It may bo that public opinion does not support tlte law. But ono point is clear. No Ministor of Customs has a right to bully the magis- tracy because it rofusos to do precisely what his officers require. Mr. BAKER should havo consulted tho Law depart- ment and tho Cabinet. Even if he had been supported by all his colleagues ho should havo refrained from . silly and usolcsä threatening. Tho method of choosing magistrates may bo wrong, but when they are onco appointed they should have all tho independence which is given , to every court of law. Wo cannot have a Minister, who is in power to-day and who will bo forgotten to- morrow, interfering with tho indepen- dence of the lower courts. It is not for tho prosocutor, even if ho happens to hold a seat in aMinislry. to dictate to the magistrates what verdicts they should lind and what pimi-limenls they should award. It is better that a few culprits should escape than that tho integrity of tho courts should bo assailed in this fashion. Lot the Government try by all moans to improve the constitution of tho Bench, but it should at onco put a | stop to such unconstitutional menaces as those to which Mr. BAIAÍIÍ has given utterance. ol|j -V \- 'T >"' / . *,*ij a m-, Tliot'o hayo boon mapyo-^sconos " in tho ' Now Soülh AVulo^JyqgtBlutivo As sombly ; tlioro has booiyj^iajnoro dis grndoful than that which was* witnessed on Tuesday evening. It is ii sorry com mont upon representativo institutions that tho Speaker had to order a mombor of tho Government out of the ITOUNQ, and that tho sanio MiniBtor brandislrod his fists in tho lobby and uttered all sorts of menaces against a mombor of tho House, until lim friends induced him, with much difficulty, to retiro. Mr. COPBLANII'H resignation was only to bo oxpootod. No man who so far forgots himself can over havo that rospect in Purlin munt which is necessary to a respon- sible Minister. No Govormiiout, ovon if it has ft^ gond majority, eau afford to carry a mombor who distraeos it in tho oyos of tho pooplo. Painful, how ovor, as this opisodo was, it might havo hoon passed over without much notico if tho conduct of business had been other- wise sensibly managed. Mr. COPELAND mudo nu exhibition of himsolf ; ho Ima paid tho penalty, and tho incident may no forgotten. But from tho inomont that tho IJouso mot it was obvious tlmfc tho loaders woro in a thoroughly bud tamper. Tlio Opposition had a griovanco, and was indignant ; tho Ministry liad no griovanco, and was still moro wrathful. Tho Dibbs Govornniout has only buen ablo to command a vory small majority. Some timo ago it was defeated in the Assembly, and tho Promior took tho unusual course of.proroguing Parlininout. Tho plea urged'in justification of this stop was that, as tho doctoral rolls under the how act cannot' bo available before tho month of April, it was impossible to appeal lo tho country. Tho moinbcrs of tho Opposition woro thus suddenly silenced. But, as the Estimates for thu year had not hoon pussod, it was abso- lutely necessary to call the olQ Parliament together again. Tho Opposition loaders, who hud in tho meantiniu boon denounc- ing tho Government in the country, attended tim first mooting of tho session with the avowed intention of having re- vengo for Uio trick thatSirGuoitru; Dinna played upon thom. Mr.' Hutu, who moved a voto of want of confidence, hogan by saying that thu proposal to go on with tho work of tho session was moro '* miike " boliovo by tho Govornniout and its "supporters." Sir GEORGE DIUIIS evi- dently lost his temper over this chingo. Do licensed Mr. HniD of hiring a prizo-fightor to attond political meetings in Sydney, and of pandering to oveiy base passion. Thou Sir IIKNRY PAKKFH, who was not to bo benton in tho matter of strong language, declarad that the conduct of the Govornment had been highly criminal. But if such a style of discussion is oncournged by tho lenders, is it any wonder that thero aro at times porsonal encounters and vulgar brawl» on tho floor of tho DTouso ? If tho Ministors and their opponents have privato fouds, thoy havo no business to bring thoir quurrols boforo tho IIouso. If tho disputo botweon thom is simply an abnormally keon contest between the "ins "and tho "outs," thoy havo still loss reason to indulgo in language that, according to tho . Btereotypod phrase, is calculated to provoko a breach of tho penco. Abuso < is not tho ßign of u vigorous intolluct, Tho political loaders of a grunt colony should bo ablo to fight with courtesy, and to preserve some dignity in public proceedings. The application for the appointment of a special judge to try the Mercantile Rank pro- secution case at the criminal sittings ol the Supreme Court, which commence on the 15th of next month, has been forwarded by the Crown Law department to the Chief Justice j but as his Honour is out of town no reply has yet been received from him, and it ie not probable that one will bo received for a dny or two yet. The Crown prosecutor, Mr. Walsh, Q.C., is now spending a short holiday at Flinders, but he has the case under consideration, and it is expected will have everything ready to proceed with it if a special judge is appointed to try it at the February sittings. The Premier and Minister of Railways yes- terday drove over the route of the authorised railway from Heidelberg to Eltham, then visited Diamond Creek, and afterwards pro- ceeded to Yarra Glen, where they took trnio for Melbourne. Both Mr. Patterson and Mr. Richardson were greatly pleased with the appearanco of the country, and particularly with tho promise of traflio for the line. They were also convinced that it Blioulil be extended to Diamond Creek, which is the home of a very industrious and thriving population. Mr. Cameron, M.L.A., member for the district of Evelyn, conducted the party on its tour. Mr. Gillies was entertained at dinner last evening by the members of the Athentcum Club. There wus a large attendance, and Sir William Clarke, president of the club, occupied the chair. Jn proposing Mr. Gillies'« health, Sir William referred gracelully to the guest's long association with the club, and to his popularity among members. At the same time allusion was made to the loss Victoria would suffer by his retirement from parlia- mentary life, though the senseof that loss was modified by the assurance that in the position of Agent-General Mr. Gillies would have it in his power to render the country great service. Mr. Gillles's reception was cordial in the ex- treme, and in reference to his acceptance of the position of Agent-General, he remarked that he would not have tuken the post hud lie not felt th»t he could advance the brit interests of Victoria while in London. Ile would be guided in the disuharge of the duties of his new ofiice by the knowledge that he would not only be the representative of Victoria, but a representative of Australasia, for it would be IIÍB cure to work with tlie Agents-General of the other colonies for the promotion of joint interests. Once more ^presentations have been made to the Commissioner of Trade and Customs as to the danger of the Maribyrnong powder magazine, und the necessity of removing it to u locality more remote from centres of popula- tion. A' deputation representing the uiuiii oipul councils of Melbourne, South Mel- bourne, St. Kilda, Port Melbourne, Jlrighton Williamstown, and Footscray was introduced by Mr. G. Turner, M.L.A., to the Com- missioner of Customs yesterday, and the old arguments in reference to the subject were repeated. It was pointed out that if an explosion should unfortunately occur at Maribyrnong tho results were likely to be most serious, and the danger of allowing dynnmite hulks in tho bay was nlso alluded to. An incident which occurred during 'I1" recent stormy weather was mentioned. A hulk containing seven or eight tons of dvna mite broke loose from, its mooringa and .lnnded on the St. Kilda bunk, and thus con- ditions favourable to an accident lind re- sulted. It was strongly urged that no mote time Bhould be lost in carrying out the improved'arrangements which lune been in contemplation for some time past for the storage of all explosives at Skeleton Creek. Mr. Halter, in reply, was enabled to give an assurance that the negotiations lor tlio uaquirement of the lund required at Skeleton Creek had almost come to a satisfactory con- clusion, so that there wns every prospeut that the chango desired by the deputation would soon be made. Mr. William Shotton, third officer of Hie ship Trnfulgnr, has successfully pnsscil the Marine Hoard examination qualifying him to nasume the duties and responsibilities of second unite. In lecognitiou of his services in safety ni» ¡gating the fern-stricken ebtp from Itutavin to llobson's Jiny, Captain Howden lins, with the licnrlj' approval of til« owners, promoted Mr. Shotlóíi'ly the position of second officer ot the 'J'lafiilgnr. A deputation from the shire of Yarrawonga, accompanied bv Mr. Sachse, M.L.C., and Mr. Kennedy, M.L.A., waited on the Railway Commlssioneis jestenliiy, and asked for » special concession in regard to the carriage ot roud-inukmg material between Mangalo» und Yarrawonga. The reply given lo tM deputation was to the effect that the sbirl loujel only be grunted the «line concession us that allowed to other municipal bodies »utu-l_t_tu.it "io a30 üf trueles sufficient to forin-a train loiul might he lind tit convenient pcriiiiMit Imlf ti'« ordiniiiy'mte. ThcV'x.ort trade in butter huviiiK now-been well established, the Asricultuinl derlurtmcnt ¡s endeavouring to open np n trade with tile United Kingdom in Victorian cheese. Tin* first ..¡pment will bo sent .by the steamer Australasia», of tho Aberdeen White Star iin.,.oti the20lli pros. 'This company placed tho réfrîjioratiuguliumlièr of tim Australasian, wit-in cuplicity for 220, tuns of cheese, tit tile elisposial ot the department, the freight to bold, per H».. whether the whole spuce in utilised or not. 'J'he tlepiirtmeiit incepted theoffern» a good one, considering that the mail'boats Btipulntc to charge the same lreight only on icmdition that the whole spttce'is taken. The shipment will probably not ¡¿.cecil 100 tons, und it is anticipated that the cheese will realise tibout £2 10s. n owt. in London. The department will uccept only Cheddar cheese, eilher th« white or the coloured. It is expected that Wai niiinibool will supply tlie (.'renter part of the- shipment. To eiicourfiBi' the export trade Government giio a bonus of AT» per ton for cheese realising £2 IDs, per owt., the maximum "mount to he paid to any company or individual being £30.. The discovery of ("old nt Neerim Ima been reported on fuiourably by Mr. ..tirling, the assistant geological surveyor of the Junes department. His report deals with the work- ings on the Scalp Creek and the Taragon Iiiier, near the junction ol' the two streams. As to the Sculp Creek woi kings hu states that there ure indications of sullicient extent of auriferous washes to justify him m îeconi iiieniling the. reservation of the whole of the Huts at the junction of the Scalp Creek with the Taragon Uiver, and also two chains on either side of the creek up to the boundniy ot Allotment No. 72, in the palish of Neerim. On the Taragon Uiver he reports nlluviul workings at various places, and in Nuoiiun's paddock outcrops of quart-, which are a probable extension of the line of reefs occurring lo the south of Jindivick. He suggest, a s>stemiuio pre-pi-ling of these outcrops, and that three chains should be reserved on either side of the Taragon Itiier from its junction with Scalp Creekton distance ol two miles and n hull up tlie stream. In conclusion, he says:-"I deem the indications of a probable payable quartz-mining field sufficiently strong to warrant me,in lecoinmending thnt it lurther inspection be made by me nfter the relative position of the different nlluviul workings und ipinrlz reefs lins been mapped ont by a topographical survey. I also recommend that my junior and trainee, Mr. Whitelaw, undertake this work on completion ol his present inqithy at Eaglehawk Creek. Such Bitney foran area of six 8(|unre miles along the volley of the Taragon, weat of Kokeby, to Neerim South railway line, could be com- pleted in about n fortnight." " A question of propriety " has been raised in connection with the recent attempt to ad- vertise in an unusual way on a railway hoard- ing. Messrs. Wallach Bros. Limited placed a "sign" upon tho ï-inders-stieet station which contained portraits of a number of citizens, including some public men. Une of the gentlemen . represented wus Mr. Henry Butler, of Messrs. Sargood, Butler, and Nichol. Mr. .Sutler lesented this " most unwarrantable use of his portrait as un advertising medium," und instructed his soli- citors to lequiie that it should be at once removed, else legal ptocecdiiigs would be tuken to cause that to be done. Messrs. Wallach replied in a satirical vein, but before their letter could be acknowledged the Itailivay Commissioners took action at the instance of Mr. Duller, which gave bim the protection he desired. The Australasian Advertising Company, which leases the ad- vertising rights lor the Btation, received a notification from the traffic manager to the effect that if the portrait were not at once remoled the whole advertisement would lie taken down. Messrs. Wallach immediately liad Mr. llutler's portrait covered over. The Minister ,ot Education is about to lui ile tenders for the lease of the Training College building near the University for a term of three or five years. Several offers to rent the building huve been received by Air. linker, but he bim refused ta entertain them, consideiing it his duty to let the building by public tender only. Tenders will be received not later than 12 o'clock on Monday, the 20th hist., and tenderers must state what use they intend, to put the building to. The inquest concerning the death of Isaac Crawcour, who was shot by a burglar ut his father's house, in Nelson-parade,* Williams- town, on Thursday morning last, will be resumed at the Telegraph Hotel,. Williams- town, nt hnlf-pnst !) o'clock this moi ning. Mr. Cruitlter, the coroner for bourke, will conduct the inquiiy, mid Mr. Finlayson, Crown prose- cutor, assisted by Detective-sergeant Cawsey, will represent the police. Arrangements huve leen made to have the depositions tuleen by a Bliorthund writer, so that the progress of the inquest shall be expedited us much us possible. The following tenders have been accepted by the Ituilwny department ¡-Construction foot-bridges, lamps, &c;, at Flinders-street station (two contracts), C. . Keefer, £493 5s. 0d, ufiil £1,1-18 Ils. fld.; subway lor the Metro- politan Hoard of Works at Newport, Tighe Uros., £27!) 7s. 2d. ; repairs to station master's lesidence at Kensington, II. N. l'orlctt, £10S Is. In the list of names of the students who passed the examination for the trained teachers' certificate given in The Argus of yesterday, the following names, omitted by the Education department, should have ap- peared as the names of students who either passed in all the subjects required or in the single subjects in which they had been allowed a second trial, viz., Messrs. Hether- ington, Blanure, Taylor, and A. Bryan, and Messrs. Gray, Bleakley, and Thurlby. The Minister of Lands, accompanied by Mr. Cnlhinini, chief surveyor of the depart- ment, will visit the village settlement at Kuti} ip, leaving Melbourne by the 10 minutes to 8 twin this morning. Ile will approach the settlement by mentis of the tramway con- structed by the settlers along the drain through the Koo-wee-rup Swamp, and will subsequently travel on to the Great Southern hue. The only tender accepted by the Hoard of Lund ami Works yesterday, was that of 0. Pullen, lor painting, &c;, of tlie Elphinstone state school, the pi ice being £15, A party of members of the Victorian Chamber of Manufactures yesterday visited the establishment of Mr. John Pony, 1G8 Lonsdiile-street, timber bender, nnd were shown over the extensive works by the pro- prietor. The party included Mr. N. Levi, M.IJI'., president of the chamber, lind Messrs. S. Mojil, J. linde, W. Evett, A. Still- well, W. Smithers Ondd,... D. Smith, Hoog klimiiier, Wood, and Aitken. The workshops of Mr. ,Iohn Pciry ure Bpnciou. nnd thoroughly equipped with the Intest plant for the cutting and turning "of nil ^timls of timber, the speciality of the. establishment being the mnnufnetmo of wheels and other »iris of carriages required by cônchbiiilders. Chiefly noticeable nmong the plant were the circular saws of every size, capable of deal- ing with giant logs straight bom the forest, «a well ns with tim lighter planks already, trimmed. The piinctpnl varieties of timber ..?'nit with were Vi. lut Um redgum and box ""d Utppslund blackwood, the hitter n voiy liiiutlsnme looking timber. The visitors also Inspected the extensive foundry utliiaheit to tlie workshop, and expressed themselves gratified with the evidences of brisk trade which they saw around them. It was men- tioned that in spite of tho depression Mr. Juhn i>rry Rt¡|| foumi ],cr""lne"t employ- aient for 100 hands. J'he Minister of Mines, accompanied by the secretary of th« department, will depart from the city hythe alteinoon train for bright lo ''"''.w!'¡!i i'11' "Weet ot ¡nquiiing into the .»"lingrehGitice.awi the condition ol mining generally hi the Omeo distiict. The trip will extend ov.r sever.il days, mid the Minister Mill li'tuiti lo Mell, oin ne by way of Jiiulheii ««'I bairnsdale. I'he line and well-furnished specimens of eucalyptus licifolia (led or Bcarlet llowercd gum ot Western Australia) now present a ?"J gaj appearance on the valions lawns in tlie Melbourne botanic Gurdcus. The trusses of bloom on euch are very huge und effective, rivalling the Hame tree ot New South Wales nnd Queensland, which also;very recently made a line display in these grounds.-' ' Captain A. O. Wilson, a ' retired naval officer of long experience, who is, now re- siding at Hrigbton, is the inventor of an apparatus designed to minimise the risk oi ships sinking at sea after collision or when disabled by an enemy's fire. The apparatus is based on a new application of tho well known principle of a curtain or upton, which in Captain Wilson's invention does not dé- pend simply on the pleasure of the vvutei outside for being kept in position over the leak vvhiuh is sought - IOJ be closed, but is mude fust down the side of the ship right to the keel by' menus ol an nig'-nious but simple attachment of lines worked from the deck. The iiproty un be placed in position almost instantaneously, and as it luusona wire rope stretohed nil round the vessel, it is available to cover any rent in the hull that can possibly occur.'The upton is formed of iudiurubber, und ,is de- signed loi a width of 30ft. Captain Wilson bos devoted much time to experiments dirricd out with a view to improving: the hulls of battle ships, and his adaptation of india rubber as II substitute for iion pintes for de- fensive puiposes 1ms been favourably com- mented upon by high naval authorities, i ' » An entertainment was given in the large hall ol the Athenieum last evening by Mr. Joseph Rlnscheck, assisted by some ladies mid gentlemen, who contributed to diversify it by a selection ot vocal and instrumental music, the moie striking of these features ol the programme being the songs of Miss Tate and Mr. Milford Haven, Hie bnBS Hvuiphinii solo of Miss l.thel Andrew;,, und the pianoforte solo o! Mr. David Cope, jun. Mr. Rlnscheck is a comic leoltur, if not a chniacter actor of mole than ordinary ability, with a stiong sense of ImniAur, a mobile luce, and a singularly flexible and expressive mouth, while lils \oice is also at|scepti|ile oT» inflections 'which enable it to repro- duce the senile tones ot the vefy old, and the shrill, voluble accents of ' the schoolboy. Most of Ins recitations were encored, and the selections which he gave on two of these occasions, comprising a disquisition on ghosts and an iift6r dinner speech by an nctogpiinrmn with a weak memory and a painful hnbit of brenkipg down when he wished to be most ¡mpressit'e, were Mr. Hlusnheck's happiest efforts. When he símil hnve gained pprfect ease and con- fidence, his nntiiinl qualifications ns a humourist will lender bim ono of our most popular public entertainers ; and Ibu ap- plause he received last night must have con- vinced him that he hud not mistaken his vocation. , __ , There seems to be little doubt that Mr. Garnet Walch will have a lurßp attendance at the complimentary matinée'' tendered lo him by the Theatre Rojal inamigcment nixt Snturday ufteinoon. Nenrlj the'vv'hole of the dress circle seats are booked, together with seii-ml in the reserved stalls, The ocension will be sittualised by the first performance of thesecondedition of the pantomime, with new songs, dunces, jokes, and topical allusions, and additional ¡loins of considerable inferest will be furnished by lending artists from the other theatres in the city. The box-plnn is at Allan's.» The Frunco-Gcimnn wnr practically caine to an end 23 j eura ago to-dny, when the hist great sortie from Paiis so signally failed. The e\cnt is to be specially obseived at the Siege of Paris Ciclorama to-day, where the scenes of the lust aoitie arc so cleverly por- trayed. , . The prizes won at the aquatic carnival held nt the South Melbourne Ruths last Saturday in aid of the W. R. Satchell fund will be pro seuted to-night at the Operu-house. Weli-ivo teceived from "Sympathy" 103. towards tile funds of tlio Austin Hospital. Tlio rla&äoi in connection with tho ---outil Mel- bourne School ot Art wilt resume work this ovenlng in chu Mechanics' Institute, South .Wolhoiiinc. Ilia cl-i&ses; uro umtol tlio auspices of lim Educational do part mont. The hands of tha 1st Victoi lan Hetriniont anti the Vlotorlan ltnuirers proceed to (JiicennchlT hy the 070110 lo inntrovv afternoon, and return hy tho llvirclnon Sunday. Durlinr tho passages tlio bands will pinv seleotfons of music on tlio promenade doclis of tliesteumeis It is notified byndvcitisoinent that the drapers establishment of Messrs. K'clmrdg ami Co,, 238 Ilourlcc street, will he closed to daj for tlio reception and le marlong of tlio stock in tho estate of II. .11. Davis and Go, of IA vron street. Gai Itbn, which has hcen entrusted to Messrs. Kiclmrds mid Co. for realisation. Tho nain will commence on Salurdav morning Tlio attention of teachers is requested to the an- nouncement of an inipol laut meeting on the t|tios tion of nick leave to be hold lu tho Public i-ervicc roomi, Collins street, on Suturdnv moraine*. Messrs Uuddurt, t'ai ker, mid Co. Mmitod dcslro to diaw the attention of passengers and shippu-s to their announcement that the ste-unert Despatch, oil mid after to morrow (i-aturdav), will rall nt Sun Keino L-oing to and returning from l'ort Albert and Gipps- land Lakes ports. An In Mcuiariain sermon hy tho Rev. Dr. Joseph Ahruh-ims, M.A., will be preached at tile Itourke street S> ungopto to morrow In connection w iib tho (knth of luina .Samuel Crawcour, who was shot nt Villliuui-'towii last week ??> aimed bunrlar». Messrs W. 1,. B-illlten mid Co. will hold nu un- reserved salo of condemned Htorc3 toda), nt tho Pentridge .Stockade, at 12 o'clock. ' A ineeiluir of the delctrates to the Austialian Nativos' Association Metropolitan Pcclcnuioit Confer enco will bo held this evening at 8 o'clock, at tim board-room, I-jcll's buildings. ' 