TURF TOPIC8. Bi Absiodedb. : It is many years since I brat visited B.ndigo, consequently Atrip to the "Forest City " came as. a weloome ' break In tho dull uniformity nssoolatod with the poriodioal ronnds of sub- urban racing. With the thormomotor at 106 on leaving Molbonrno, the prospect of pntting in a oouplo of days at a place possessing suoh a reputation for heat and dust as Quartzopolls was none too cheering, It was warm enough in all oonsoicnoo on tlio opening day ; still, muoh warmer days have been oxperienoed on the well appointed Epsom course, and ssthe dust fiend did not put in an appearance, visitors had notiitnv muoh to oomnlain about. The metro- . politan contingent was a largo one, and as the looals also turned out in goodly, numbers, tho attendsnce on oaoh of the two days wns eminontly satisfactory, so m nob so that tho «ub must havo had a really good meeting. Nothing oould have boon more complete than the preparation raado for the oomfort and convenience of tho olub's patrons, prominent in this rcapeot being a huge mnrqueo eroded in the paddock, oapablo of sheltering - 1000 people. The bookmakers, as well as their clientele and the pnblio generally, readily availed themselves of this boon, and many were the thanks showered on Mr. Hemming for so thoughtfully providing protection from the soorohing eun. In his eagerness for the welfare of oth.rs, the worthy seorotafy did not hesitate to expose him self to suoh an ox'tont ob to oontraot a alight sunstroke on tho first day, although the attack was not Buflloiently severe to prevent him from attending to his dutlos. Tho Melbourne visitors wero loud In their praises of the hospitality ox- tendod to thorn by tho leading representatives of the Jaokey Olub, and foremost In thierespcat was Major Kirby, the popular president, who entertained his guests right royally, J5's easy victory in the Sandhurst Cup was the main feature of the flrst day's raoing. In connection with this roes the ring paid Mr. W. E. Dakin an unprecedented compliment by opening out with offora of 6 to 1 on the field of nine, runners ; a point less was afterwards accepted about Destiny, yet tho liberal odds quoted about suoh well backed horses as J5, Sileneo II., Deolston, Tim Sniveller and Wolf told of the extremely open aspeot of tho contest. J5 won so handsomoly, and was so well supported by a number of tbe moat netuto "hoads" out Gaulfioid way, that tho victory had the appoaranoo of being a well designed coup, Tho horse's repeated failures, more es pecially iris disgraceful exhibition In tho Moonoe Valley Oup' when ho ran last fromflngfall to finish, had given rise to tho general ballot that lis had lost all form ; but the easy style in whioh ho vanquished his opponents in tho Sand hurst Oup sbowod how erronoous was the idea. Patienoo is ovidently a golden trait in tbe code of ethics of those assooiattd with the J5 stablo, and it will bo ourlous to know wbon, and in what direotlon, they will make their next doscent. And how many exhibitions suoh no J5 gave in the Moonee Valley Oup will ho repeat in the interim? We must wait and see. .1 . Silence II. ran a good little mare, and just got up in timo to deprive The Armorer of eeeond money ; the lastnamed was n oonepiouous figuro throughout the greater portion of tho run, but I am afraid he is not much good. Waltor Hiokenbotham was very confident of Destiny's ability to win, and so was Walkor ; but tho colt proved in ono of his ungenerous humors, and ho palpably out it in the . run homo. Mr. Oeorgo Davi. was also sadly disappointed with tho poor show made by Tim Swivoller; and so ohagrincd was the ox-Ministor of Defence that he talked of parting with Tim and his other horses, and hanging np'for a timo his brawn jaokot and rod oap. It Ib to be hoped the sporting M.L.C. will hositate before relinquishing tbe pursuit of a pastime with wlitoh ho has been so long and honorably identiflod. Few horses havo gono through suoh a varioty of downright hard work during tho last threo years as has Tim Swivoller, than whom no horse on the turf is more deserv ing of a rest. Somo people seem to think Tim has turned rogue ; a holiday may assiBt in effacing his roguish proclivitios, if ho has any, Tho minor events decided on tho opening day wero not without interest. Misdeal, who won tho Telegraph Stakes, is quite as good looking as the best horses whioh compote at suburban meetings; and as two of the animals he defeated, Roolia and Olcnken, subsequently appropriated three rades botween them, the form ho displayed against Phyllis and Oo. was not bnd. Phyllis was again slow in getting on her legs, and requires a longor stretch of ground than fivo furlongs to show to tho fullest advantsgo. Rizpah was apparently so lull of running at the home turn that the Hurdle Raoe looked next to a certainty lor hor, but aha unexpeotedly oollapied and was beaten by Gampaspe, for whioh defeat Rizpah made some amends by winning the Selling Hurdle Raeo later in the day. Roolia was sucoessful in the other selling ovont, dooided on tho flat, and thus also made reparation for having his colors lowered in the opening raob. The splendid finish between Blaok Douglas, The Merry Girl and JEgyptus for the IVatson Trophy was unfortunately followed by tho ultimate disqualification of the former for running InBide a post ; the delay and annoyance inoidental to tho inquiry, whioh lasted over an hour, being regarded as a regret table termination toauothorwiso enjoyable day'e sport,. Tho 'weather beoamo muoh ooolor on tho Beoond day, and visitors woro thoreby enabled to participate In the Bporb with , moro comfort than on tho opening occasion. So impresled wore tho majority of people with JS's masterly display In the Oap ihat, notwithstanding a 10 lb. psnalty, whioh lifted his weight to 9 st, 5 lb. —18 lb. mors than he earrled on the opening day — there was no hesitation in promoting him to the favoiiteship for the Bendigo Handioap ; but ho and tho rest of the field were taken olean off their legs by Elrldsforde, who.made a terrible example of everything opposed to him. Hioken botham had tho grey in grand form, and while the win in a measure compensated him for the disappointment exporionood with Destiny, Walter . did - not quite relish tho extent to whioh Eiridsforde rovealod himself to the lhandlcappors. Walker dearly loves to win a raoe from end to end, and as Hiokenhotham's orders were to mako 35 carry his wotght, tho grey's jookey fulfilled his instructions to the letter. Nothing had a ghost of a olinnco with Eiridsforde, and It remained with Silenoo IL and Tho Armorer to again fill seoond and third places respectively, as in tho Sandhurst Oup. It may have been considered unluoky lor Silouoe II. to run seoond in both events, but at .-the -sumo time she-was hand somely defeated in csoh instance. . -j . The Steeplechase wns by far tho niost in teresting event eonnected with the seoond day's raoing ; a finer contest over tho big timber ono could not desire to soo. The wbolo of the niuo competitors jumped faultlessly and kopt closo company throughout. It wns anybody's rnoo when they oleared tho last obstacle and straightened their heads for home. Tho Hamilton horse, Watgania, who mada himself consplauons by oooupyingafaremostberth throughout thernn, stayed it out to the end, aud finally disposed of Orient, who carried a big lump of Melbourne money, as well as a fair share of Bendigo bullion Watgania, who fa by tho Goldsbrough horse Thoughtful, and bred by Mr. Andrew Ohirnside at Mount William, is ono of tho most diminutive steeplechasers I have seen for some time ; ho is barely as big as the Gaulfioid Oup winner, Paris, but a perfect jumper, with more than average pace. He fa so small that ho oan scarcely'bo oxpeoted to carry a hoavy weight suoh as that allotted him at Dowllng Forest to day. Should he win with II st. 4 lb., be will bo oonsidered nothing short of a porfeot little wondor. It is greatly to be regretted that the un pleasantness which- ocourred in aonneotion with tho final evont on the firet day was repeated in thoEpBom Handioap, which brought matters to & finale. Tho long dolay at tho post was of itself sufficiently vexatious, and the patience of the onlookers was deserving of a mnoh better reward than in the execrable start whioh finally presentod itself. Then followed the protest against Glenkcn's jookey for receiving hiB oap from a byatander, also Mr. Pridham'a oomplaint against tbe starter for allowing tho field to get away when in front of tho post. As there was a probability of the race being run over again, very fow people loft the courso pond ing the result of the inquiry, and when tho dismissal of both objeotions was an- nounaed, a few minutes to 7 o'clock,' dis appointment was ' written on many . faces. It is at no time a pleasant thing to find fault with raoing ofiioials,' but a boobs of duty compels me to state that the starting on both days wsb lamentable, and tho olub wiU assuredly require to adopt the maohino system if thoy desire to retain the patronage of Melbourno owners at future mootings. Mr. Putnam, the judge, was called upon to decido Bomo very oloeo things, which ho did to entire satisfaction, his fiats never being ,oqoe questioned. Mr. Hemming, tho eourteous seorotary, is deserving of credit for the able; manner in whioh ho eonduated the affairs of tho meeting, and a word of praise fa also duo to the honorary offiolals, especially Major Kirby and Dr. Hinoholilf, the two most aotive of the stowards, for tho parts. thoy played by way of promoting tho success of one of the most pleasurable re unions over held under the auspices of the Bendigo Jookey Olub. 'lis ' only si short' ory from Bendigo to Kynoton, and nearly all of the metropolitan oontlngent patronised the latter- meeting on the return journoy. The s'peoial train from town also brought a goodly number of people, and the attendance was said to be one of the best known' to gather on tho hanks of the Gampaspe forsomo time past. Thowcathor was particularly enjoyable, and the sport quits equal to expect ation. Mr. H, . Maoarthy 'a blaok jaoket and white Btars was greatly in evidence during the dny, Coomassie carrying it twice to viotory, Fornleaf once, and Mies Taima running into seoond plaoo with it in .the St. Andrew's Handicap. Coomassie aahieved both her victorios in good style, her dual triumph being all tho mora meritorious be cause of the faet that she had only been in training about a month, having previously dono duty between the shafts of her owner's buggy. Coomasaio is a nicely Bhapcd mare, aud I am inclined to regard hor as the best of Oommo tion's progeny, I should like to too hor given a trial in metropolitan company when hsr condi tion improves a bit. She is mad fat at present, a eirenmstance whieh does not say mnoh for tho horses defeated by her in both races. Bandolier ran seoond to her in oaoh event. The style in whioh Fornleaf disposed of her opponents in tho Hurdle Raoe showed her to bo something moro than useful ; she bad a narrow esoapo of falling at tho scaond lot of hurdles, but recovered her self oleverly, and after that sho never rolin quislied command of the field, although Lottie tried bard to diepi&oe; hor. \- Wolf, ' notwithstanding he ran badly in the Sandhurst -Oup, was thought to be so osrtain of beating Deoision in the St. Andrew's Handicap, that odds of 7 to 4 were'rssdily laid on him. It was a toss up between him and Decision about a furlong from home, both boing at it, and ap parently on about equal terme. Just at the on lookers wero oommenoing to appreciate the fight Wolf suddenly BWervod inside at the and of the rails, wliioh extend a portion of tho way down tho straight, and ob he did so Power was thrown oh to the ground, luokily without sustaining any injury. This unoxpeoted eontretemps left-Deol- sion to eanter homo in advanee of Miss Tasmn. Pouter attributed the mishap to being, unduly pressed , by Lewis, bub from what oould be seen from tho press stand, alongsido the judge's box, there appeared ample room for Wolf to oontinuo hiB oourse along tho straight. I fear Wolf Is a bit of a coward and will always shirk his work whenover favored with an opportunity of so doing. Thoso who laid odds on Orient for the - Steeplechase were not relieved of their anxloty until Damley oommencod to olout his fences at the termination of the first round, and so hard did the brown gelding hit three post and railers in succession that he began to drop hopelessly in tbe rear, permitting tho favorite to win at his leisure. There ts reason to foe! gratification in the foot that the entries far the New Year's Day meeting at Flcmington outnumber by more than a soore thoso of last year. Soveralof tho long distance horses are enjoying a well earned rest after thoir laborious efforts ineonncotion with the spring campaigns at Oanlflcld and Fiemington, . and as ' they will bs roaervod for the big evonts of tho autumn, the oause of the non-appearanoo of their namos in tlio list , of nominations for , tho Bagot Handioap fa -satisfactorily explained. With Buch intending competitors as. 'I'arcoola, Cnrnngo, Nada, Quiver, Foxtail, Tim Swivellor, Tho Possible, Bessie Maoartby and others, the Hold will novertheless not bo dovoid . of talent , of a high order. Tlio 57 candidates for tho Standish Handioap ought , to furnish a field of good numerical strength, and with oapablo borsos like Fortunatus,. Maiolo, J5, Capstan, Bruin, Forward, Eiridsforde, Lin- burn, Erl King and Ilium amongst them an interesting contest is vouchsafed. Twenty-four Is a capital entry for the Hurdle Raeo, but tho Steeplechase has not filled bo satisfactorily, there only boing 15 :oandidates, a oiroumstanoa duo entirely to tho prevailing paucity of . big stick jumpers. Amongst tho 24 borsos nominated for tho Gritorion StnkoB aro some well performed youngsters in Fairy Talc, Maie, CariottB, Gwynfyd and Trenti'na. The weights for the Standish and Bagot bandioaps aro due to appear on Monday ; those for the remaining handicaps will bo published a woek later. Owners havo not appreoi&ted; Mr. Soarr'a efforts in connection with the Summer Gap, only 22 soeeptanoas being announced iu 'an original entry of 50; Tiiis is a oomparativoly poor response proportionately to tbe number of horses nominated, yet eiiffiolsntly liberal- to ensure a fairly good field going to tho post for the leading event to be dcoided at Randwiok on the 29th -inst. AmongBt tho principal with drawals are Brookleigh, Lady Trenton, Oxide and Solnnnm. Paris (has paid tho hnndiosppec a high aomplimont by accepting with 10 st., and in the fnoo of this expression of oontontmont on the part of tho top weight it seoms Btrange that so many of the hotter treated ones thought' fit to drop out. It will be a courageous not on the part of tlio dual Gaulfioid Oup winner If ho finally dcoidos to go to tho poBt with the orusher of 10 st. on his back, and muoh as ono would admire his pluek, another viotory with suoh a losd can scarcely be expeoted. He would requiro to be at his vory boat in order to concede a stone and a half to Projectile, who only meets tho Caulfield hero on 4 lb. worse torms than when he defeated him in the Metro politan .Projoctilo is not badly hnndionpped' at 8 at. 7 lh,, and whatsver boats him should about win. . , Aspendalo Park had to faoo a formidable counter attraolion in tho Austral Wheel Raoe on Saturday; besides,- several habituds who were present at Bendigo and Kyncton wcreoonspiouous by their nbscnoe, theoountry tour havingknooked them out for the time being. The attendance in oonseqnenco was below the nvcrngo. Tas mania scored heavily with Nnpior and Flying Scud, tho first named of which would un doubtedly have seourod a double brnoket had not Walker ooncoived the idea ho was on Eiridsforde, Ho was ridden to a stniulstill, and then only suffoied defeat by Tho Flying Scud passing him in the last few strides. Tho latter ovidently prefers a milo to eix furlongs, . ,as when running hi the Welter' Handioap onrlier in the day ho out a sorry exhibition. On that form it was peouiiar to see him start at 5 to 4 for the final event; yet, as results 'provpd, those who backed him did tho right thing. Napier gave a good exhibition of pgco by winning tho half mile overit, and t'ho prominent figure he out in tiie Aspcndale Park Handicap showed bim to be n better stayer than some people' gave him credit for. I heard Carrington bruited nbout Bendigo. as a good thing for the Welter Handicnp, and as- ha started at 6 to, 4 thoso who got on early were congratulating themselves on their luak. Thoy argued that with suoh lines' as Devon and Foxtail for their guidance, . it was noxt to impossible for Hay wood's stable to mako a mistako ; but the un expected onoe more happened, as tho winner turned up in Pointsman, .on whom tba Tompcrance Town party threw in for a. good stake. In the Hurdle Raoe there was very little to choose botweon Volcano and Mirabilis in point of favoritism ; tho pair bad the issue be tween them; and tbe former looked all over a winner till challenged by tbe ohestnut in the run home. Sarpcdon, a 3-year-old son of First King and Europa, won'fn good style tho Maiden Plato Handioap, for whioh Irrigation was well backed, but the maohino soared bim, and oh the barrier rising, tbe colt took to his hcefa and galloped the' reverse way, another instance of tho . immediate neoeBsity for having maohinea erected on our prinoipal training grounds for tho purpose of affording young horses an opportunity of becoming acquainted with the apparatus. > The necessity for farther retrenohment has forced itself on the exeeutivo of the V.R.O., who have in eonseqnenoe decided to make con siderable reductions in the autumn programme, commenoing with the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Oup, both' of whioh have been reduced from 1000 sovs. to 750 sova. Financially, the autumn masting has always beon attended with loss, and it is the intontion of the com mittee -to minimise aB-mueb as possible -tho defioit whioh they will be called on to faco noxt Mareh. Wbon doallng with the minor events of tho meeting it will doubtless ha found neoossary to apply -the pruning-knife in proportion to the extent it has bsen used in oonneotian with tho two big handioaps. I do not suppose the Ohampian Stakes will bo sub sidised to the extent of 1000 sovs. after this season. Only onoe in the last 20 years has tho raoe attraoted a double figured field, and while wo have, seen somo rattling contests over tho three miles oourse durlug the period named, we have also witnessed a number of " processions," the subsidising of whioh has been a mere wast of money. ' Successive Ministers of Land have had to deal with the question of lsaslng Elsternwiok Park for raoing: purposes, and allowing the olub whioh undertakes thelease to charge an entrance fee. Deputations and counter deputations have nppenled for and against tho proposal. Xoosl publicans have pointed to the ruin done to tho trade and commerco of the distriot by the absence of the crowds that formerly thronged ' to tho park when racing was permitted there, and tho religious section of the people lias urged the opposite view in pointing to the moral in jury inflicted on the community by the aggrega tion in their peaceful suburb of tho disreputable associations of racing. Mr. Best has taken legal opinion on the matter, and it has been deoided that the Minister could not grants lease of the park which would enablo tho lessees to ahargo admission, and in the absence of any prospect of gate money, thercforo, it would be useless to do anything about reconverting tho place into a racecourse. The TaBmanian Derby will bo run at Elwiok to-day, when the winner will probably turn up In 