mIS OW ACCUSE. BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY (Published by Spocizl Agrangement' with Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER X.-( Continued.) ' Lor; sir, what do they want a hin quest. for ? He died peaceful and quiet enough, I'm "sure.' ' Ah, never mind that. Look after your young mistross. She will need all your oare. Remember, she is to .see no one.' 'Not--not Mr. Raynor, sir ? She'd be calmer like with him, sir.' A curious flush passed over the doctor's face, and Martha remembered that he was the young medical man who was in love with Miss Pauline last year, who had proposed and been rejected, and ' bore it like a lamb he did,' as she had oxpressed it at the time. ' Yes, let Mr. taynor see her-if .she desires it, but not otherwise. ' I'll send for him at once, sir.' ' Do nothing of the sort. He would .havo been hero before now if he *thought it wise to come. He has ro ,ceived; intimation of the sad occur rence, and as he has not called, 'do nothing without. your mistress's .orders;' ' Very well, sir. Excuse me, sir, :but is it the correct thing for the 'seoutor to open everything and turn over all poor master's papers which has always been hop' so private ?' ' I'm afraid it is .the correct legal procedure, Martha.' ' Well, then, all I can say is, as the law wants changing,' said Martha. ' Or the lawyer,' muttered young Dr. Marsh, as he aoftly descended the stairs and entered the half-darkened room where Dr. Chester had died and Markham was now busily engaged turning out the contents of a writing desk. * 'Looking for the will?' naked the doctor. 'Oh, no, I have that. Strangely *enough, it was only signed yesterday morning.' * He appointed you his oxecutor, I understand ?' 'Yes, your bill will be all right, you'll be paid." Dr. Marsh bit his lip with vexation and turned upon his heel. 'As he loft the room he muttored something under his breath 'about somebody being a cad; but the lawyer did not hear it, and perhaps it would not have hiurt him if he had, The writing desk which Markham was rifling was not Dr. Chester's, but Pauline's, and the lawyer knew it. It was half filled with letters, nearly all from one person. On the envelope of each was the familiar supersorip. tion in Phil's bold handwriting. As the lawyer snooringly turned them over one.after another, he felt in his pocket for the letter he had forced .Phil to sign, just to assure himself that it was all right. At last he came upon a letter in the desk, the envelope of which was in tact. The envolope had been opened without tearing it. The crafty lawyer extracted the letter froni this, and taking the fatal missive from his pooket slipped it into the envelope hearing Phil's handwriting. * It will look more natural and con vincing,' said the schemer, as he sealed the envelope. 'I could never have trusted him to writoe a sufficiently brutal letter ; but I ought to have got .him to address the onvelope.' He put the sealed:letter baek in his pookeot, and prooooeed to rummage the desk out of puro ouriosity, 'What are you doing with my letters ?' said a otill, clear voice from out of the darknoos of the room. Ho started guiltily, and looked up in alarm, Paulino, attired in a loose dressing gown, with, her hair down over her shoulders and her face deathly white, stood beside him, ' A--a thousand .pardons, Miss Chester;'I was not aware they wore your letters, I thought they were your father's,' S' And if they wore, what right have you to touch hia things without my. permission ?' S'I am his lawyer, and as his execooutor it is my first duty,' 'Ah, I bog your pardon,' said Pauline, feoobly, 'I undorstand. Would you be so kind as to hand me that writingonoe ? I wish to. sond a note to the only friend I have in the world now,' r Miss Chostor, I hope' you will always look upon mo' as your friend.' • Yes-yos, thank you; but I wish to write a note to Mr, Baynor.' 'I would not if I wore you, Misa .Choster, I have a note for you from ,him whloh he diotatod to mo last night' ' Dictated,' Yoes,' said Mtrkhla?u, awkwardly fumbling in his pootket and produanig the brutal lotter the poor follow had boon forced to splgn at peril of his lif.o, ,' H ero it is,.' ?'* ' '. , . *' * Thank you,' ald Paulino, .grasp. Inl tho' lotter with trembling hand AnId prossinog it to hoer throbbirin bosoam. Witl tlhe other hand she * thrust aside the luxurlant linir falling over hor yos, Mrkliam thought hlie had never soon her look so fragilo and o bonautiful. "Ho even repented for' a m'oment the brutal dovioo ounningly ilannod to orver at one blow the happinoes'of theo violim, When sho turnod and le't him, roe turnini to liher own room,, ho feolt vory uncomo'ortnhilo, 'Porlps tIhlint poor girl will feeool it more than he,' l ho miitorod, half roe lonting. ' Hoavou Irnows I have no ill will for lher. Then ho lauylhod a nerovous little I anugl, iilni countod the ,minutos,i rooeonlnt up tih.o Itmo.:;t would tako he to rd it, ' 'I didn't mban her to have this double blow, both the. father an??'the loverlost at the same time, but Faugh! how could any woman seriously care for a young upstart liko that ? How I hate him.! It seems to me that roveiybody ought to hates him too;' but they don't. Everybody hates me.: Why should I oparo him dr any body else? Bah! why shouldn't I hate him ? I will revenge myself for all the slights and ridicule he and liis cursed friend have heaped upon me. here to make me the laughing stock of the town. But they shall fear me:yet. I will gain money and power and rule this place. I will pay off old scores, and when I have humbled that youig cub to my heart's content, I will get him out of the country. Yes, it will be safer so-safer for me. Best nbt to have that hanging over me. And that gun!' He felt a cold shiver run through him, and though it was light outsidb, the blinds being drawn, the room was almost dark, and he felt afraid. How still the house was. The ser, vants below were moving with muffled tread hushed in the presence of death. He could distinotly hear the ticking of the clocks all'over the house. ' Suddenly a wild shriek rang out from an upper room, then another, followed by a heavy fall. 'She's read it!' gasped Marklrham, catching his breath, and starting to his feet trembling and conscience stricken. Even he, soulless cur that he was, felt adthrill of pity. That shriek was one of supreme agony, the cry of a wounded, defenceless creature mercilessly struck. They found her lying senseless on her face, holding a crushed letter in her hand so tightly that it could not be wrenched from the clenched fingers without tearing it. Mfarkham listened to the hurried footsteps and anxious voices of the household, as they hurrieff backwards and forwards, but he proffered no help. Like the coward that he was, he slunk quietly out of the house, feeling for once in his life that 'sufficient for the day was the evil thereof.' OCHAPTER XI. IAULINEE SINKS UNDER lIER TROULES, BUT STAliTLES M5ARKITA.M IN IlER RIAVINOS, The inquest on the death of Dr. Ohester is passed, and hi1 remains are carried to thelo grave, but Paulino knows nothing of it. The blow so fully struck ht her happiness and the sudden death of her father togecner have rendered her helpless. Martha found her lying senseless, and for a long time all efforts to revive her weroe unavailing. At length Dr. Marsh arrived upon the soene. 'I left instructions that she should be put to bed at once,' he whispered half angrily to. Martha; 'How is it that I find her up ?' ' She was a·-bed a few minutes ago, sir, but she must have got up again and put on her droessing- gown.' 'What is that in her harid: a letter? Take it from hbr gently. You say she soreimod and you lioheard a fall ?' 'Yes, sir, a most dreadful 'soream as sent my blood cold. She must have seen a ghost or something.' 'Nonsense,' This letter has .some thing to do with it, It is no busioess of ours to read it. Take care of it till she asks for it again. Take off her gown and put her to bed; she: is coming to, I shall boe downstairs if' I am wanted.' With willing hands Martha dis robed her young mistress and put her to bed, where she remained in a half stunned condition all that day and part of the next. Kind friends without end called to see Miss Chester and condole with.her, but one and all were strictly denied an audience, Theroe wore well-meaning friends who called and left polite notes, others from a distance .ent tolograme, Sovorlal lled chiefly with the object of discovering how much a yard dear Pauli?o proposed paying for her mourning dresses; she would look 'so well inblaokl, and there was a lovelylittle bonnet down the town at Slmpklnson's that would be very thing, &o;, Ono alnd all found the door shut upon them, and not a few wont away in groat indignation, expressing their contompt for ' that young Mr, Marshu ' who had chargeof the late doctor's practieo, One person only, with. dlloato feool. ing, brought her a bunch of swooeet, fresh flowers; that poeson was Jimmy the diminutive oyouth who served' in the dual capnoity of pago and errand boy to the dootors housohold, Marthi, who now roarolv left the.bodeidoiof her young mistress,: .was disturbod by a veory genoutle tlpping at thodoorpl: anrid .on opening it discovered' Jimmy: out. side holding a bunch of flowers nearly as big as his head, Ho motioned mystoriously to Martha to stoop don that he might whispdr toher. 'How is ho, Martha ?' he asked,' SI think .she's asleeoop,. Don't whisper in my oar. as ;if .you.wanted to blow mny head off,' Vhat do'. you want O?' STlh-thoso,' he spluttered, thrust ing tihe flowers into her hand and turning Quliolkly away, na if'h he had dono .something wrong, citt the' same moment bursting outiinto a, muffled sob as he hurriedo;dwn the stairs, 'Horo, Jimmy comoe:.banok. 'WVhat are they for ?, "Who are they from'? whispered Mattha frota the top of theF stairs. *.' r Jimnmy. stopped on oth' etai s,',u'r prisoeld andl hurt,. o looked', ba'o. with offended dignity.. 'rThere frorm nme o' ourso.' ' Oh!.. . .Jilmmy!asgrlf was chocked for the moment by his ' indignation. .o strutteod away with his head li the air, muttering, 'Thinks I ain't enough to have any 'art, I suppose; but I have, 'and anybody what says I ain't I'll let 'em know it.' After which lucid and, grammatical' statement he buriedi himself in a small pantry and ferooiously' attacked the first pair of boots. that 'came to hand, dropping tohas all over them, and discovering as soon as he could see' out- of his eyes that he had blacked the coachman's bbots all over the part thit should have been pipe- clayed. 'It's no good,'. he moaned, as he droppedthe brushes;: I'm gone all wrong-overything'si gone all: wrong. I've. bin and put the' blacking oh the :shining-brush.. ' I shall:be a-blacking my. own Face in a minute and polishing the bottle.' ,,.." Jimmy was rather a character. No one knew how old he ihs-~-oi how young. Heo:had.theo form of a lad with the manners of an old man,:and though, he declared. himself to be twenty years of age, other people fixed his years at fifteen. Anyway, Jimmy,, was.. an oddity, with a smart tongue. and a soft heart. Ho had been in thoe doctors',service some years, andsooemed to have grown not the least bit older during that period. He considered :himself on an equality, with the coach man, and knew nas much about dispensing,a as a .good many "doo tor's assistants. His failing was 'a weakness for the fair sex, Hisyoung mistress he adoredwith a hopeless love that was sometimes comic.' He had even been known in amorous moments to make , love to the substantial Martha, with the aid of the kitchdn table to enable him to reach her com fortable waist. His present of flowers, however, was intended more as an impression of sympathy than more adoration. Martha took the flowers into her young mistress's room, walking on tiptoe. To her astonishment, Pauline was sitting up in bed wide-awake, with sparkling eyes i and lburning cheoeks. ,, - ' What lovely flowers, Martha! Did father pick them for me?' . ' Martha stared aghast at the joyful light in the girl's eyes.' ' Your father, miss ?': 'Ah, I know he did, Bring them hero, Martha, and spread them out.on the bed, and we-will play shops, and you will come in and buy and be a grand gentleman, and I will sell you a buttonhole, and- Ah, what is the matter.with you, Martha ? Why'do you look at me like that ?' 'Poor, dear missy,' she thinks she's a little girl again, grief has turned her brain,' oried Martha in distress. ' Lio down, Miss Pauline, lie down and sleep.' 'I wont. I am going to father to tell him his flwers' are all dying. Look at them all going smaller and smaller. ,Where are they? You have taken them away.' 'Noi I'haven't, miss, . There they are.' . 'They are not. You are not telling tihe truth. Whore is fathor ?' 'He's gone, miss. :an't you reo member-gone ?' ' Gone!' shrieked Pauline, grasping the frightened woman's arm. ' Gone ? You have taken him away !': :'Lor, missy, do be calm,': sobbed Marthan,' 'You're not right in your head, I can't bring 'him back; I wish I. could.' : : ' -. 'Tell me. where' he is,; then, Do you hear ?' she cried, shaking her by the arm with' all-,thoi strength iof youth, 'Toll me orI will kill you. Why do you glare :at me like that? Why doesthe ceiling press dolWn'on my head like that? Don't hold me, I toll you; it will orush: us bothin'a minute, Let me go! Jump out of the window with me and we shall be saved, Take your hands off my'thioat I' 'I'm not touohing 'you, miss, I'm not indeed,' crled Martha, piteously,. 'You are, What are these people round mybed ? Send them away, 'All right, Miss Pauline,' ' Ah, look I look l shrieked :the do. ::oented girl, pointing to a corner: of the room; 'look, there is Phil with a rope round his neook, They are.going to hang him and he is onlling for me. Let me go, you horrible woman I Let mu go toPhil l' SHo's not here, miss; he's not, I aBssurO you.' 'And whlio are you ? Ah, you'reo MIartha. I know., you. Wuhore is mother?' SSho's gone, miss,. . 'Bring her back, Do yeo hear ? BrIng her back at onoo ! :' :' i 'I can't miss, .Oh, don't look at too like that, you makeomy blood:run ,.Don't touch me:; or. 'I ll ory 'or help; I hatoiyouIl 'Rolp I ,help I!P, i ,-. Wlhat is the mattoe'r,?P- asked' the calm-voioe of Dr,'Marsh nas'ho onterdd the room., , ';' The presence of the dotor cailmed her a little. 'Take her away,' gasped Paulineo,' polntiig to Mnrtha, 'Io'll mother, to seond hier off, I hate hoer tI' ' Oh', Miss Paulino, don't,' wailed por lMartha, wringing,her haide,: 'Yes, yes; that all right; weo 'll sold oher away pro?ontly; sho'. ti bad woman,' said the young doctor, 'Woll, I never I oxohdmedt the ae toninhod Martha,' brihdllng up aston lalhed and indignant. , ('bo e C'onhlulde,) 