TUESDAY, MAY 29, lS|i4, [■ W esubyan CtauneH AareivfiBSAXY!'—1 The anniversary of the Narracoorte i Wesleyan, Church was cele.h^tSa on! Sunday lasi, when special services were "held. The inferior of the Church was prettily decorated with i flowers, which presented a pleasing! ap pearance. There was a large congregation j at the inornirig service, at which the He v. J. J. Nieholls preached for the first time' n? the minister 'of - the Circuity : Mr. ( JJichoU's toot as the subject of his dis-, course " The descent of the Holy Spirit. on the day'of Pentecost," and gave a j thoughtful and able- sermon, taking as his text the fourth verse' of .the second ] chapter -of Acts—" And they were all i filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues as the Spirit | gave them utterance." The rev. gentle-1 man ia introducing his subject gave a i brief explanation of the Book of Acts, ; which he stated contained a history ot the.' Christi in Church during the period which elapsed from -the ascsnsiouof our Saviour to the imprisonment'of Paul at Home. It also gave an account of the travels and labors of tlie apostles, principally Peter, ftud Paul, and it further gave an account of what was of -the- utmost importance to Mis Christian Church, viz., the promised aesccut of the Holy Spirit of God'in the hearts af man, Mr. Nicholls then-.dealt Wifh three-important phases of hit text. First,"the condition of the disciples' aftbe time' the tiuiy fctpim descended^ upon them; secondly, the power it had over them; .and thirdly, the effects which it had upou them. " 1 he' united -faith * , ; upou them." 1 lie' united -faith'of the disciples, he said, had brought forth the blessing of the Holy Spirit upon them. What was- required among Ghats-people dt the- present - tune was unity" of faith to bring forth God's blessing. It' wasl'not-Ktl af ter Eenteoo&t-; that the disciples had been fully filled with the power of God ; -tlicy' had'hot -completely entered1 the Christian life'tiil" then.; So it teas now. If they tiad not received the gift of 'God,-they knew very little of the Christian life. The descent of the Hbly Spirit'upon tins disciples hadthe effect iof enabling them to speak in languages of Which they had previously no knowledge'; it-had also fu'mished them with matter-as' Well as words. The need of the Christian Cliufch was" entirely the''power of the Holy Ghost. This would be seemfrom the condition of'the disciples before' and afterthe day of Pentecost. •> Had it not beien for the descent' of the Holy j3pirit the disciples would bayb been called,- but not qualified. The rev. .gentleman-con cluded bis discourse by exhorting' those bresent to seek to be filled with the Holy jSpirit. In the afterno'o'n a children's ser vice was1 held which was "well attended, and the/evening service; at which a good bongveg&tidu; assembled; -was conducthdby Mr. 0.- Uoley- Tiie choir' rendered sajsely several anthems at each of the services. The anniversary will" be continued 'on ~ Wednesday evening.- when an entfertain inent will be -held in the Chnrdh, which will be followed* by a supper. ■"■' -; ■!*■?-• '" ^XTKkATION IN "T1!E TRAIN SERVICE OF Ti.-r: SoL-fn Ea-st.-^Rninors h^ve- beea prevalent in Narracoorte during thepast few days' that the time-table of the South east train service - with- Adelaide is to Jbe again altered, and that -it is intended to ariaiigii that our trains will' be- run to fit in with the Melbourne express, the Com . iuissiuners thbs .saving the running ofihe South-East tram between Adelaide' and yVhrlseley. This means that tbe -btflk" d'f . the railway travelling ini _:.tbe Smth-East vrili have to be done at night; ihd that busbies- throughout the district" will be greatly hampered. We merely give the rumor-as wo hear it. We are in-, c.'iued to think there is somethingin it, as t-.c- notice 'that Saturday's " Advettisetji Atatoo that changes trill be made in ~£fiei" tnhedable of the Southern; line, and Amongst others7 the time-tattle . of the Melbourne express will be fixed afc£bonfc an hour later, Reckoning that the'Mtel-. bourne express would pass through TPbbe ley at 11 o'clock at night,-to catch it the §out,h-East trains would have to 'leave lount Gambier'and Kingston 'het^den 2'and 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and if the train were0run to catch the express at "Wol&eley; going through to Addaide .it would have to leave Mount Gnmtier and Kingston about o o'cloek at night; bat We presume if there is any alteration at all the express will leave Melbourne two or three hours earlier than it does now. The j foregoing are only conjectures, as we have bo official information on the subject. We do think that , any alteration in the South-East train-service which will '.com pel the people to travel at night is unjust, t should be borne in mind -by the Com missioners -that already the time-table of ■ the South East train service is Subordinated to the -service between Adelaide and the South-East, . and to - further inconvenience us by subordinating our timetable to the service between Melbourne and' Adelaide is be littling thedistrict altogether. The least we 'ask is that the railway travelling be done as much as -possible iii the day-time' considering that our train service "has to be run in'-conjunction with ihe'service between the district and Adelaide, and it was under these circumstances that we force! ourselves'to be content with the' alteration made in the time-table a few breaks ago ; hut to hook us on.to the dtt-press .-service between Adelaide and Sfelh 'ur.-ie is only maki-ig a catspaw of tni.1- - AY« do hope there is no trnth in the rumors of tin alteration of the train ser vice;'1-- -- - - ** - v.. ii NarrACOORte DF.RATnra Dr.™.—Some few weeks back' the Hoc. W. Shiels, tiie tepresentative " Victorian House of Assembly, and; late Premier of Victoria. ' delivered a' v leatnre' in Narraeoorte in aid of the funds' of the looal Institute on the'subject of "Hard Times; their rea Sgrisaha renfedies." Much curiosity was felt'as to how Mr. Shiels would treat the subject, and what were the remedies he would prescribe^for the world-wide depres-; sion. To put ft shortly, Mr. Shiels gave as the reason for the world-wide depres-1 sion now being experienced the demoneti zation of silver by the leading nations on the Continent of Europe in 1878, and the remedy he prescribed wasd Vettiru to bi metallism. The Narraeoorte Debating Club had arranged tb place the subject of " bimetallism,", on their syllabus for the ensuing six months; and Mr. Shiels hav ing expressed a desire at the conclusion of his lecture to take part in the debate it was decided to haye. it two or three months earlief thah at flfst arranged so as to give him "the" desired opportunity. Accord ingly it was decided to have a special meeting of the Club on Friday evening last to debate the subject of ■' Bimetallism." . Mr. W. F. Loutit (Chairman of the Club) presided over a large attendance of members and the general public, there being among the audience a number of ladies. Mr. B. Gardner opened the debate by criticising the lecture delivered by Mr. Shiels and controverting the arguments generally "in "favor of bimetallism. He glanced rapidly at the historical aspect of the question, and endeavored to prove that before silver was demonetized in 1873 there had been periods of depression. He qnoted eminent authories to show that gold was more plentiful to-day than it ever had been in the world's history, and that therefore the principal arguments of the himetallists that trade and commerce was suffering from a contracted currency was not tenable. He claimed that bimetallists bad signally failed to prove that the lowering in the prices of commodities was dne to a restricted currency, and that they would have to look to other remedies than bimetallism for a cure. But even if bimetallists were correct as to the cause and effect he doubted how they were going to attain their ends if Great Britain remained a mono metallic nation. The BeY« T, J. Smith responded in the negative, and proceeded at length to show that the depression nau been brought about by the demonetization of silver, the appreciation of gold, and the consequent contraction of the currency, quoting a number of eminent -financial sa&Orities; in support of his arguments. After. Messrs. A, Caldwsll and A. ET. dteake had taken part, Mr. Shiels made a lengthy reply lasting over an hour, ably traversing the arguments, of Mr. tiairduer and other. opponents, and following the tenor of his lecture on " Hard Times." At the . conclusion.. Mr.. Shiels atr nounced "that he -was prepared -to answer any questions -or explain any arguments which had not been suffici ently made clear by him. Mr. Shiels was bombarded by numerous questions', "and had not only to. answer many of the questioners, but had to argue with, them on such questions as to whether bimetal lism .would increase the wages of1 the workipg-mau; what .was the relation between * sifiglo-taxere and bimefcallists; and why, seeing that/bimetallism was of such, importance to the trade and com merce of the world as .Mr. Shiels con '-fcehded that it was, did .not Great Britain make thecbange from monometallism; and if bimetallism resulted in raising prices and making commodities dearer to the Consumer, what would the masses gain by the change. Mr. Shiels made'ready and clever replies, though sometimes he failed fat from satisfying his " hecklers," The debate was one of the liveliest and most vigorous we have had yet in connection with the Club, and it will be some time before the " heckling" Mr. Shiels had at the bands of the members of the Club will fade from his memory. A vote of thanks to Mr. Shiels was vociferously re sponded to by the audience, and the meeting concladedat 11-20 p.m. Splendid Shooting of a Nabba coobte Man in Adelaide.—Mr. J. B. Hutchison, of Narracoorte, made some' splendid shooting in the annual handicap pigeon matdh' hild under the auspices of the Mew Thebarton GnnCIub in Adelaide on Friday.' He was at the 24 yards1 mark, and "went through two nominations with out a miss, tilling 46 birds. The shooting, throughout the match was excellent, and when it 5 p.m. the stock of pigeons ran ont there were six nominations still' left, each having killed 23 birds. Messrs. "Richardson""Banbury," J. B. Hutchi son (2); S. Starr,- jam, and " G. Benoe" were the snocessful shooters, and they agreed- to divide the stake of £7.5, Mr. Hntchisbh obtaining a share for two nomi nations/ -The names quoted are assumed names.*- —■■■ •■ - — - ■- - * -Large Sale of Battle and Hobsbs. —Mr. Li DeGatii will'hold ah auction sdle' of 'battle and horses at Narracoorte on "Wednesday - and Thursday which is sure to attiact a large number Of buyers from til'parts of thecojony as well as the' district. .'The sale will commence each' day it 2 o'clock. - ■* - - - -; - u DB. Emily "B. Byder's lectures de livered last week in- Narracoorte are the chief' theme- of conversation among ladies in Narracoorte; Though gentleinen were not 'admitted to the dances, it is understood - that'-1 tl*e' 'well-known and popular' lady doctor- advised 'sweeping reforms in fcha dietary scale and strongly recomtriefridad'aneatirely new ^rig-out" in ladies' costume. The costume partakes of the form of the divided skirt, and the new dietary scale , will rigorously exclude pastry : and cakes, as a rule sweet meats,- and roller-made' flour. The adornment of the body and pleasing the palate are'to be se xradary considera tions' -in thenew1" regime." Dr.' Byder' wilt deliver a lecture to gentlemen in the institute Hall this evening. We are cer tain they will appreciate the compliment by ensuring a full house, r ' Sale op Land.—Mr. L. DeGaris held a sale-of Crown land leases at' his auction .mart/ Narracoorte, on Saturday afternoon: Adhere Was' a good attendance of buyers^ but the bidding "was nbt brisk. The first lot offered was Mr. John Moore's interest! ja right of purchase lease, comprising Sec tion l43j Hundred of Lochaber, containing 551 ahrffi, all fenced and wire-netted,, ana.. divided into' several paddocks. The lease |s from the 3lRt July, 1893, for 21 yearsj with right of renewal for a farther'term of 21 years; the rent being £1315s 6d per annum, and the'pur chase-money 30s per -acre after the 31st: dulyf 18$6„ -' Thfe .approvements consist of a four-foomeq 'house, stable, sheds,-- out-; buildings, and yards. The bidding com menced at £100/and went to £200, at which figure it was knocked down to Air.; Jas. Williams, sen., i>f t!ie Hundred of Jioehaber. 'The next iease; • offered was Block 5, Hundred of Smith, on account of Mrs. M. Crowe, con taining 2,COil acres, Iteld undeV agii cultural and grazing lease for 14 years, from 1st October^ 1883, with right'oi re ' newal for 14 years, the yearly rental being £10 16s. lid. The bidding for this block i reached £170, when the auctioneer said he could not knock it. down at this figure, but aske 1'the bidder to allow his bid! to remain open for a week to consult the owner. For Crown lease No/T,7'2ft, :on account of Mr. George Makin, -containing 1,020 acres, in the Hundred of Murrabinna. near Kingston, the yearly rental being £17. w.ns pissed in at £10.After the luiidsRle about"20 head of cattle were offered,'and seVeral goo llookiug dairy rows in calf W6re sold at an average Of between £3stn'd-: £4'per html. ' Cbown Tjie following applica tions h.av • - been tit l in for 'transfer of feasesPyrph'tual I'-mk from It,'-J. Heatli tti jas; K iii.-i i; ind right of porch tse anil perp.-tna! 'c .-;es frbip Titos. Hiyes' to Jas. STonaii. - *■ "*" Fixing a Site fok ttte SoursT East Fkkkzing Wukics.—Mr. J. Liviugstone, oue ijf the-provisional directors of the SoutbrEasteru Freezing Works, arrived here; from Mount Gambler on Friday morning, aocoqipanied by Mr. J. T. Morris (Mayor of Mount Gambier), for the purpose of meeting the Engineer-in Chief, and Captain Clare (of the G-overuor Musgrave), and Mr- Coxon, of Queensland, the expert appointed by the Directors of the Company, with a view of making enquiries to enable them, to decide which is tbe best port in the- South-East to erect the freezing works at. Mr. John Robert son, JJ>.! of Struau, was to have formed one of the party, but important private business prevented him from accompany ing them. The Engineer-in-Chief (Mr. Moncrieff) and Mr. Coxon arrived here by train on Friday evening, and having been joined by Mr. Livingstone and Mr. Morris proceeded to Kingston the same evening.! Captain Clare did not arrive at Narra-1 cooi le till Saturday night, and proceeded to Kingston yesterday morning by the, football special train, and will join the party at Robe. At Kingston the party took . the evidence of Messrs. J. Winter, T- Redman, and J. Robin son (of Messrs. J. Grice and Co.) on Saturday and ; steamed round the bay in Messrs. Grice and Co.'s launch. The whole tour will occupy a week. On Friday next the directors will meet to consider the. opinion of the experts, and on Saturday, June 2, a meeting of persons who have agreed or may agree to become members" of the company is convened to be held at the office of Mr. Ihgleby, Mount Gambier, when probably the whole mat ter will be discussed and a definite deci sion arrived at. .Toxa rabbit poison is now an established eradicator of the rabbit pest, in that it is taken in winter as .well as in summer. .Hitherto thegreat difficulty in the rabbit infested districts has been to suppress the pest consistently, which, has np till now failed; as although the poisoning in summer has been to a certain extent successful, the landowner has had prac tically to look on and watch the pest rear its numerous families, thus engaging his energies when the next summer came round. It is gratifying to find that we now have a . poison which will be taken from the heart of young spring grass and ■even turnips, and which the rabbits will take with avidity all through the year. Undoubtedly this will tend to totally gjj-j^nout iiiC pest, asd give squatters an opportunity of ttk&Kiu;^ their county carry the. stock which nature intendeu it to cany. Thirty rabbits eat as much as one sheep. Toxa will kill from 300 to 700 rabbits with a 21b. tin at a small cost. This is based upou actual results con tained in letters to the agents from lead ing graziers, etc., throughout the colonies. \- Railway Fbeights. — The National Wool Company of Melbourne sends us the following " Thirty:five" Shires, repre senting a population of 150,000, and ag gregating 20,000 square miles of country, are strong in their denunciation of the system-in vogue of charging for the carriage of wool by the bale, instead of by weight, and strongly support us in our endeavor to have this out-of-date system amended.- - It was all very well' some twenty-five, years ago when ear pastures were in a somewhat primitive state, and the wool from various causes was much heavier; hut now the reverse is the case —pastures are improved and the condition of the wool is very much fighter. In fact, the average of the squatter bale is now abont 3601bs., and that of the termer some 2601 bs., and more than 80 per cent of the bales carried are paying the railways for work not performed. In August, 1893, tbe Department (Victoria) passed a by-law al : lowinga discount of 20 percent, on bales of 3} cwt. and under, coming from certain parts of the Western-district, It only now requires the country Press to speak out strongly, and we shall get what we have been so long fighting for—a readjustment of the wool, freights on more equitable lines. I; would assist the oaiise materially If the growers woqld bold meetings and pass resolutions supporting us," Painful Accident. — Mr. R. Mac Ijenuan, one of the guards on tbe Mount Gambier to Narracoorte railway, • sus tained a painful accident (states the "Border Watch") at Kalangadoo on Thursday night: He was in charge of the train to Mount Gambier, and some shunt ing had to be done there, When the shunting was done, he was coupling the engine and tender to the rest of the train. At the first effort the couplings did not act properly, and Mr, MacLennan jumped back to put them right. As he did so a part of the tender caught portion of his clothes and one of his feet got entangled in the break of the tender. The train moved on, and he fell and was dragged some distance, till the engine driver, bear ing his cries, stopped the train. It was necessary to back' the tender a foot or two before be could be released. He was carried to the van, and on reaching Mount Qatnbier Dr. Powell was called to attend hiirt.' The "doctor found that although the foot is much bruised and some of the sinews wrenched no serious injury has been* done, and he hopes that Mr, Mao Lenhan may be able to resume work in a week or so, Mr ".MaeLennan is very popular' with travellers on the line, ana they will be glad to' iearatbat the accident is not so serious as was at first feared. ' IjAST; week Mr. 'Gladstone underwent an operation for cataract in both eyes, The operation was '■ performed by four oculists, including Dr. Nettleship, and was very successful.The doctors are agreed that the rapid iailnre of sight was due solely to this cause aud that there are no other complicatihus, •:1- "-' ' ■ '* ' Death' of Mr. Lachian McKinnon, SENR.—The Dartmoor' Correspondent to the • " Casterton ; News" of Friday last writes"It is my painful duty this week to chronicle the death of Mr. Lacblan McKinnon, senr., of Limestone Ridge, by a decade'the oldest resident of this district, also the oldest colonist. - He landed in Portland in- '52,^'and tben journeyed to Penola, where he engaged with the late Mr. Alexander Cameron, of Penola station in whose employ he-remained for eight years ; but not caring for his vocation he removed to Limestone Ridge, and there resided.continuously for the .last 34 years. He. Was widely'known and highly" respected being of a most generous and kindly natuie. He attained'the ripe old age of 92, and: was as hale and hearty as a man of 60 until about ten months ago, when he took seriously ill, and, was con- fined to his bed to the last. A large number of friends paid him the last tribute of respect on Sunday afternoon by following his remains to their last resting place in the Dartmoor cemetery." W.ftT.tJ.—Miss' Murcutt, the Aus l tralasian Qrgahizer of the Woman a Christian Tdmperiinee Union, is at present visiting the various" South Eastern towns iii connection with the "work. "Miss Murcutt will visit Narrapoorte' this weak, add a series of meetings are announced' tir be held in the Institute Hall. On Tjiurs; day evening a gospel temperance' meeting will be held in.the Institute Hall.atwhich Miss Murcutt will-give an address. Qii Friday evening Miss Murcutt will deliver .a lecture in the Institute Hall on Western Australia and its goldfields, which will he illustrated by magic lantern views. A charge of Is.'will-be made for admission, the-proceeds of which' go' towards the work of the W.O.T.U. On Saturday every 1 iii" a second temperance gathering will ' be held'in the Institute HalU • Miss Murcutt ;'is announced tx> conduct the service in the . Wesley an Church on Sunday morning ■ next, and in the evening at: 8 o'clock ■ a ! united -evangelistic service ■ will be con-. : ducted bv the ladv visitor iu the Institute ria.il. " - - • 'A boy named Johnson, aged 13, son of F, W.. Johnson, manager of Mute Park estate, met • with :a fatal'' accident at Wallaroo'oil Saturday, He was riding, and it is supposed the borne tripped aud threw him violently to the ground. The Queen's. . Birthday tx Narha COOUTE.—With Jtlie observance of yester day in Narracoorte as a holiday in honor of the Queen's birthday there wa* un donbtedly Queen's weather. It was a lovely day,, the sun shining out so warmly and brightly that one felt that it was a sin to be indoors; There were no special attractions to- mark the holiday in Narra coorte ; and; over a hundred people journeyed to Kingston by the special which left Narracoorte; at twenty minutes to nine a.m., to witness the football match between Narracoorte and a combined team representing Kingston and ftpbe. This is the first time for many years there has been bo special attraction- in Narra coorte on the- Queen's Birthday. As a rule the Oddfellows, M.U., hold theii; annual re-union on the 24th of May, but somehow or.- another enough enthusiasm could not be worked up among the young folk of the Lodge - to get off the usual , anniversary sports, though there is a credit balance to the Anniversary fund. The excursionists to the sea-side bad a pleasant time of it, there not being a breath of wind, the sea as placid as a mill-pond, and the day being as fine and as warm as a summer's day. Golden Wedding at Harrow.—The golden wedding of Mr. and Mrs. David Edgar, of Pine Hills, was celebrated , (states the " Hamilton Spectator") on Monday last, add, notwithstanding the inclement weather, a good number of friends metijo celebrate the occasion. The worthy couple were mamed_ at Port land on 2IstrMay, 1844, and since that time have reB'ided in this district. The Rev. James Henderson, of Balmoral, in a eulogistic speech, proposed peace, health , and happiness to Mr. and Mrs. Edgar, and hoped that they might be both spared to celebrate their diamond wedding. The. Rev. John Kirkland, Mr." G. A. Brougta ton, and Mr. Colin McLean also spoke'at length in commendatory terms, and Mr. Edgar returned thanks on behalf of his wife and himself, and expressed the pleasure it gave them both at meeting so many friends. West Australian Goldfield Items. —A message despatched from Coolgardie on -Tuesday states that eight points of rain fell on Sunday. The new rush at Kurnalpi, which is distant 10 miles from the settlement, is opening up .well, and several slugs have been found. A good number of miners have gone out. The gold is fine. A body of stone carrying coarse gold has been struck at the Croesus mine, and it is rich enough for dollying. • f« 7"^ Ivor's Bavlev's No. 3 south the In JrXvor'a Bayley's No. 3 south the ' rap ot the reef has been struck, and a I great influx of water effectually prevents j further developments. At present teams . are arriving regularly, loaded witri pr0~ i visions. The Bicycle Express Company, , which runs between .Southern Cross and the fields, is proving a great success. 