Wuar a Rbbertfi.r "Let all the ends thou asm'st at be thy Country's, ThV God's, and Truth's." " FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1894. As ERRONEOUS REPORT. - Under the headings "The Diphtheria Scourge-Deaths at Euroa," the Age of Wednesday contains the following paragraph from its correspond. ent:-" The frequent deaths arising from diphtheria are causing the local board of health considerable anxiety. The ease of a child named White will be the cause of a magisterial inquiry. Dr. Wilmott, of Violet C.hinese nedicine tant." We are glad to say the report that diphtheria has occurred at Euroa is totally untrue. A few cases have occurred at Violet Town. FIRE BRIGADE.- Mr. Marshall, inspector of Country Fire Brigades, visited Euroa yesterday, and inspected the station and apparatus, the condition of which he was well pleased with. EUnoA SroRTs-NoiIsAvTIONss.-We draw attention to the fact that nominations for the principal events at the New Year's Day sports must be in the hands of the secre taries by Monday evening next. Wood. chopping entries must also be in by the same date, in order to give tile committee time to procure the logs. It has been de cided that the logs shallbhe of dry box, about six feet long, up- ended,tops to be cut off and fall to the ground, an assistantto be allowed to steady the log. An entry has been re ceived for Lancefield for this event, so that local men must look to their laurels. Good competition is promised for wrestling on horseback. The events for which nomin ations must be made by Monday next are: Euroa Handicap, Hurdle Race,Bicycle Race, Friendly Societies'Race, and wood-chopping. Excursion fares will prevail on the railway lines on New Year's Day. The entertain tnent committee have distinguished them selves by arranging a novel and attractive programme for the evening at the Public Hall. The Cohen Bros., clog dancers and specialty artists, of the hlohawk Minstrels, have been engaged. These performers have a high metropolitan reputation, and their appearance always produces uproarious re calls. The leading vocalists of the district have promised to assist. The second part will be taken up by the production, for the first time in the world's history, of a serio comic musical burlesque, entitled "Her Majesty's Ship, Commodore," the dialogue and musical effects being the work of Mr. E. Chandler,who will superintend operations on board. The sports programme appears in our advertising columns. DEATH.-A fortnight ago we chronicled the accident of Mrs. C. Kavanagh, of Boho, who was badly burned through her clothes catching fire. She seemed to improve under Dr. Wilmott's treatment, but a change for the worse took place on Sunday night, when inflammation set in, and she died on Monday morning, about 11 o'clock.. By her death, her neighbors lose a friend indeed, as Mrs. Kavanagh was of a very genial and sym pathetic nature. In order to allow of friends from Warrnambool being present, the funeral did not take place till Wednesday, when a very large concourse of people followed the remains to the cemetery. The Rev. Father Tobin officiated at the grave. U.A.O.D.-The half-yearly meeting of the Euroa Lodge was hold at the North-Eastern Hotel on Thursday evening last, at .which there was a large gathering of members and visitors. The officers for the ensuing six months were installed by the district presi dent (Bro. T. O. Fowler), Bro. H. Kerr filling the position of Arch-Druid and Bro. McCarthy vice-Arch. it was announced that the invested funds of the Lodge now amounted to £300. After the conclusion of business an adjournment was made to the supper room, where light refreshments were provided. At the supper a number of mem bers of the Euroa Cricket Club and other visitors were present. Mr. H. W. Potts, J.P., occupied the chair, with the guest of the evening, Mr. N. A. Hocking, on his right, who is leaving the district. The usual toasts were honored. The chairman,on be half of the Euroa Cricket Club and Druids, presented Mr. Hocking with a handsome set of solitaires and studs suitably engraved with monogram, as a memento of his stay in Euroa. He assured AMr. Hocking that he had, by his genial and courteous conduct and the active interest he had evinced in all matters relating to the Druids and Cricket, as well as the valuable help he rendered to many public objects, secured the good will and esteem of all with wlhom he had been associated, and he wished him success wherever hlie went. Mr. Hocking feelingly responded. An enjoyable evening was spent, which was largely contributed to by the capital rendering of songs and recitations by Messrs. Crawford, Rimmer, T. Lewis, and others. BooTus.-Tenders for the purchase of the Refreshment and Publicans' booth at the Strathbogie races, to be held on 26th January, must be in the hands of Mr. J. 31etzke, secretary, on or before 28th inst. La.n TAX DerAILS. -Peir Ir. W. Grattan, M.LA., we have received the Bill introduced in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday to provide for direct taxation. It states that the unimproved landvalue is to be assessed by deducting from the actual value the value of the improvements, and the ctual val value is to mean the "fair capital value of the fee simple of the land with all improvements thereon." Owners or lessees or mortgagees are to pay the tax in propor tion to their respective interests in theland, but the owner is made ultimately responsible for the share of the lessee or mortgagee. He can, however, deduct the amount he so pays from payments by the lessee or mortgagee. on account of rent, interest, or principal without bar by any statute of limitations. Purchasers of Crown lands on credit or deferred payment are held to be owners, but may deduct the. amount payable to the Crown from the unimproved value. Tenants paying the land tax may deduct from rent. The tax is made a first charge on the land. Married women are liable to the operation of both the land and income tax. Contracts which would shift the burden of incidence of the taxes are void. Persons who make false returns, whether they are liable to taxation or not, are liable to a penalty of not less than £2, nor more than £100, and if such return affects any person as a tax payer he shall also be assessed at double the amount to evide which the declaration was made. Persons aiding or abetting are liable to a penalty of not less than £2 or over £50. Persons obstructing officers are liable to a penalty not exceeeding £50. False declara tions under the Act are made punishable as perjury. HELD OVER.-Leading article and several news items are held over till next issue. EunoA CRICKrET r ESVE.--The shocking state of the Euroa Cricket Reserve was brought under the notice of Cr. McKenna on Wednesday, it being pointed out that owing to the furrows all over the field the men were exposed to great danger to life and limb. Cr. McKenna readily recognised the necessity of improvement, and undertook to have the ground harrowed for the two days prior to the test match against Benalla on Saturday. Two cricket matches will be played at Eiuroa to-morrow-- Benalla v. Euroa on the n Oval, Wanderers v. Burnt Creek on the 0 Societies' Reserve. S IAnnIT SurRtEsssIo.- A meeting will be held at the State school, Balmattum, this s (Friday) evening, for the purpose of forming a rabbit association. XMAs TREE.-A Christmas tree and social w. will be held in the Presbyterian Church, Euroa, on Wednesday evening next. Ad mission, silver coin, the church and school children free. M1 usxlcr. t SEVEIRANCE.-Two deputations waited one the Minister of Public Works on Wednesday regarding municipal severance. In one case certain ratepayers in the shire of Woorayl desired to be severed from that shire and annexed to Poowong and Jeetho. They stated that they wished to take advan tage of Kardella station, which was very much nearer than their present outlet, Korrumburra. Representatives of PoowonS and Jeetho objected to the severance on the ground that it would saddle them with the cost of maintaining a road which the rates to be derived from these few inhabitants would be insufficient to defray. The Minister said he would go over the road for himself and ascertain the nature of the country before giving a decision. The second deputation was from ratepayers in the shire of Narracan, who asked to be annexed to Woorayl. Narracan shire was favorable to the proposi. tion, and in these circumstances the Minister said he would grant the request. TsF. CLA1TTABLE VoTE.--The Shire Coun cil distributed about £100 to various chari. ties on Monday. The claims .of the Moo. roopua Hospital were strongly urged by a deputation, who made a point of the fac that the hospital had built a contagious disease ward, and had accommodated the 1e diphtheria patients from Miepoll. The sums s of £50 was donated to that institution, the Is north riding to contribute £25, central £15, 1\. south £10. The Wangaratta Hospita un received £20, one half of which is to be con. of tributed by the three ridings jointly, the a other half by the south riding alone. a RAanrrs.--Mr. i. Bailey, Barry Street, et Northcote, intimates in our advertisins \-- -rahhim on estlt,,ttn, or sorcisaase; a190 to fresh eggs. As this district offers to trappers a field for employment all the year round, -3 Mr. Bailey's notice may interest a large number of consignors. GAZETTE NOTICES.-The application of Thos. Warnock for a lease under section 20 of the Land Act 1869 of a lease of 316 acres at Moorngag has been approved. Transfers of the following leases have been registered at the Office of Titles:-R. D. Crocker to Jno. Mitchell, Euroa, 319 acres, Miepoll ; B. T. T. Evans to Her Majesty the Queen, 158 acres, Whitfield; the Ballarat Banking Com- pany to Edward Stribling, Euroa, 926a (3 blocks), Brangee. e NEw GOVER.xo--It is announced that Lord Brassey will succeed Hopetoun as ut Governor of Victoria. 'd DIPHTltERIA.-Diphtheria is still claiming d its victims in Violet Town. Only last week -Mr. Wm. White buried a child, and now a t secondl one has succumbed to the disease. This makes the third taken from the family n in less tian a year. The remains were in terred in the Violet Town cemetery on Tuesday. UNIMPROVED VALUE.- The untimproved value of land is to be arrived at by first smaking an estimate of the value of the land with all improvements thereon-to be called the "actual value." Tihe unimproved value is to be arrived at by deducting the improve d ments from the actual value. For instance, a man's holding is valued at £2000 ; improve me ents thereon £1200; unimproved land r value £800. SPOrOKs.-On Friday evening, while two t gentlemen were "whiling away the timne" t walking in the vicinity of the Violet Town e R.C. Church, they saw two forms ap \- prosachling,apparently a happy young couple, but on nearing then the forms suddenly dis appeared. Whether the hair on the heads Sof thie two gentlemen stood upright or not is s not told, but they were not long in seating themselves in a near resident's cottage, and there telling the story. They describe one of she "ghosts" as being dressed in a white jacket, black skirt and black hat, but of the other no description was given, except that it looked like a man. On thie following evening, about the sanme hour, they~ were persuaded to go on the same beat, but re turned without finding any traces. About half-an-hour later a third party went with them, but also returned without success, as the "ghosts" were not to be seen. Esroa. RAcEs.-The Branjee racecourse I having biftinrgistered, we are informiiedthiif a race meeting will be hold on St. Patrick's Day next. StARswxEAwoiY.--Tho annual Marraweeny Sports are to be held on Boxing Day. 5 AerTSoxis.- The new 'inoculation cure 1 for diphtheria has excited the utmost interest amongst members of the medical profession I during the last few. months. Sir Joseph SLister, chairman of the British Instituto of \- Preventive Medicine, makes the statement r that the highest scientific authorities, both Sin France and Germany, have announced I marvellous results from the treatment, and conclude that, if applied in the early stages, Sit is almost an infallible cure, and patients Scoming under treatment ht later stages have been rescued from their terrible disease. It \- is also claimed that a sinigle inoculation in a healthy person confers a sufficient immunity i to protect 'the attendants on a'diphtherotic f patient:from infection. It is noteworthy tthat no dangerous effects have as yet been 1 observed. Dr. Roux, of the Pasteur Insti tute, Paris, claims to have treated 448 cases Sat the Children's Hospital,; Paris, between February and July last, the mortality being 1 24.5 per cent., while the average mortality the four years previous was 51.7 per cent. German observers claim to have reduced the I mortality to 14 per cent. At the request of I Dr. Tuthill, SIr. Potts hIas. through his agents, cabled a month ago for a supply of this remedy, but owinug to the enormous I demand for it the order could not be i promptly attended and executed. Advices to hand since convey the assurance that a Ssupply will arrive here the first week in January. RECEIVED.--\We have received a copy of MIessrs Oreenlcss Bros.' newly- published work, entitled "A tourist's visit to Argyle shire and West lhighlands," which contains a map of Scotluandl, showing the principal touring routes. The work embraces a full description of the manufacture of whisky by the firm named, the whole being in a very readable and interesting form. Accident. - A horse, ridden by Mr. McCartney, senr., of Creighton, fell last evening in turning from Binney-street into Railway-street; Euroa. The rider received a severe shaking. Dit;r'TiieRrtA.-The health officer informs us that there are at present no cases of diph theria in VioletTown, with the exception of a boy of White's, who is now convalescent; and that he has made special arrangements with Mr. Potts for a supply of anti-toxine (the new remedial agent for diphtheria) as soon as it is available. I)EATr.-The only daughter of Mr. A. Fullarton, :of Euroa, aged about 14 years, died on Monday last from an attack of rheumatic fever," after an illness of a week or ten days' duration. The funeral took place on Wednesday, and was largely attended by sympathising neighbours and townspeople. AsTRo?xoo . - The Rev. J. Allen, of Benalla, preached a very interesting astro nomical sermon at St. Paul's Church,Euroa, Sunday ovening last. Mr. Allen,who is an enthusiast in astronomy and a student of the science for over 20 years, is the possessor of a fine telescope, which he brought with him to Euroa. On Monday eveninga number of persons assembled in the parsonage ground to view the moon and stars. The evening turned out rather cloudy, but some good views of the moon and Mars were obtained. \- Mr. Allen has left his glass at Euroa,and in tends to pay a visit at an early date and ex patiate on the stars under more favorable circumstances. TRADE WITH JAPAN.- On Wednesday the Minister of Agriculture had a longinterview with Mr. Marks, the consul for Japan, re garding a trade being established between that country sand these colonies. Mr. Marks s pointed out that in Japan we would find 1 good markets for wool, flour, tallow, meat (particularly beef), butter, and fruit, and that in return that country would send us I rice, tea, and silk. It was pointed out that e Japan was within 16 days' steam of Austra o lian ports, and that as the seas to be s traversed were not usually rough, live stock a could be readily sent to Japan. Mr. Marks promised to do all he could to assist in the t development of the trade between the colo e nies and Japan, and to have regular and e direct communication established by a line of steamers fitted with cool chambers. He pointed out that a treaty existed between SGreat Britain and Japan by which the British traders obtained a preference in the g Japanese trade, and that it was open for any of these colonies to avail themselves of the l benefit of the treaty provided they decided to subscribe to the treaty within the next I- two years. Mr. Taverner stated that he >1 would urge the Premier to bring the question of these colonies availing them Is selves of that treaty before the conference n of Premiers to be held at Hobart next month, and should the other colonies stand e aloof he would then recommend the Cabinet t to agree to Victoria subscribing to the treaty so that the.traders of Melbourne might . obtain the benefits of its provisions and y secure a trade with Japan in articles that t,are produced here, receiving in return goods and products neither manufactured nor e grown in this colony. 1e A REMARUCKABL.E MISERs.-The police at O Daylesford received a surprise this week d when searching an old mlan named Patrick d Cottery, who was arrested by Constable Meredith on the Malnsbury-road on a charge 7 of lighting a fire within proximity to a grow ni ing crop. The man iwas clad in a mass of 2 rags, though well shod. His swag was a bundle of cloth sacks, leather, and rope, and was found to contain numberless small :r but worthless articles, all wrapped up carefully in paper and string. These, he -. said, he was carrying for penance. Attached i. to the garments which he wore as acoat were numerous boot-uppers which he had trans a formed into purses. In these were found at his valuables, comprising deposit receipts on 1s the following banks:- Commercial Bank, c £150 ; London Bank, £55; National Bank, n £144; Victoria Bank, £24; Union Bank, e £260 4s ; and Bank of New South Wales, i, £142. This with £7 7s 53d in cash mostly al gold and threepenny pieces and copper 1\. made a total of £1,006 1ls 5Od. He said he se did not want bail as he "would be just as well" in a cell as in a public-house." He is an annual visitor to Inylesford, always t, passing through in November or December, l and hlilaeoom_ onsaniee,?w, ha'e, aonp nf tho, 90. SInRE UsIos.-In view of the continued reduction in the Government subsidy to ,e municipalities, and the probability of further curtailment, if not the total abolition, of the vote, a conference of the shires surrounding of Kilmore, to which delegates from Broadford, o'0 ferriang, Pyalong and Springfield were in as vited, was held at the town hail on Friday rs afternoon to discuss the question of anal d gamation. At the present time the five t shires in question employ no fewer than 34 officers, whilst the average working expenses iS amount to 17 per cent. The scheme pro \- posed is to form a united shire with an area !3 of about 770 square miles, and carry on the working at a greatly reduced cost, by which it over £1000 could be saved in salaries. The s present area averages 152 square miles to each shire. The united shire would have a revenue of £10,000, which it is tlhought would make it independent of any Govern ment grant whatever. The delegates a present were favorably impressed with the scheme, but nothing definite was done, as y some of the surrounding municipalities were not represented, and it was decided to ad n journ the conference for two months in order to prepare more complete data. S HOSPITAL SUonAr.-The Euroa Imperial dBand will render the following programme in the Cricket Reserve on Sunday, 16th, when a collection will be taken in aid of Hospitals :--"Toiling on," b2?'inseoa; glee, "ZEulian lyre," llhuller; "Christ the Lord has risen,.' :: II. Wlriglt ; overture, "King 1 Christmas," Ir. itunad; "Gloria," from Mozart's mass; selection,"Gospel trumpet," LiAt:r; sacred march, "See, the clouds are gently breaking," u.swlscl. 