LATE GENERAL NEWS. A lodger at the Grand Central Coffee Palace, Clarence-street, Sydney, named Captain Parkhursfc, fell from the fourth storey on to the roof of the dining room, a distance of 30ft., and received such iniuries that he died within a cruarter of an hour of the occurrence. Deceased was 43 years of age. The Government has offered a reward of £25- in addition to one of a like amount offered by the Mercantile Mutual Fire Insurance Company, for information leading to the arrest and conviction of tbe perBon or perBonB who caused the fire by which, on December 28 last, an unoccupied house at Bulahdelnh, the property of Eobert Quayle, was destroyed. ' I don't like to be blamed for what I am not innocent of,' remarked a witness at the Glebe Police Court yesterday. Eobt. Campbell and Chas. Ogilvie, the alleged authors of the recent outrage upon Mrs. Smith, a fruiterer of Williamstown, Victoria, — whom, it is Baid, they beat into insensibility whilst they were attempting a burglary — were yesterday remanded at the Williarastown Police Court for another week, the injured woman not being sufficiently recovered I to appear. A sensation was caused in the Bairnsdale Police Court yesterday in a case in which Mr. Smallman, J.P., was sued for £10. He put in a counter claim for £8, based on an agreement of the rental o£ a paddock. Smallman swore that this had been properly stamped at the time, but it was proved that the stamp had only been put on a day or two ago. On the presiding police magistrate pointing out to Smallman that he had committed perjury, and that the police would have to take proceedings, be fell down in a dead faint in the witness box. A correspondent to a Sydney journal complains that the body of a ypung man found about two o'clock on Saturday in the river at Parramatta, was drawn close to the bank, allowed to remain there whilst a jury viewed it and an inquest was conducted, and the remains were not removed from the water until after sundown. Such treatment would scarcely be extended to the carcase of a dead dog. The law is full of complication. A cow suffering from cancer is tethered on some vacant land at Eoukdale, where it is a menace to public health. A veterinary surgeon has pronounced the disease to be true cancer, but the authorities cannot seize and destroy the animal, because it is on private land, and as the owner ,of the cow does not seem to care about the matter no one apparently has authoritv to Dut the beast out of the wav. Mr. Henry Dean, proprietor of the Royal Hotel, Murrurundi, died yesterday morning. An ingenious swindle is reported from Footscray, Victoria. James Selby called on several doctors and informed them he was appointed as collector by the local football clubs, and obtained guinea subscriptions. In each case he was sentenced to 12 months. A man named Hicks, living at George's Plains, met with a severe accident, caused by a dray laden with 40 bags of wheat passing over his legs. Both wheels went over one leg, and the hind wheel passed over the other. Later on one of the legs was amputated, but the doctors hope to save the other, although there is a serious compound fracture. By the capsizing of a boat at Invercargill, N.Z., yesterday, Bessie Bain, aged 27, Mabel Stowe, 19, and Lionel Bews, 22, lost their lives. ? Mr. W. 3 . Lyne, Minister for Works, addressed a meeting at Wollongong last night upon the policy of protection. At the close of his speech a motion was carried declaring ' that a judicious system of protection is best calculated to further the interests of New South Wales.' Three deputations waited upon the Eailway Commissioners yesterday and asked for reductions in tram fares. The CommissioHers declined to grant the requests. With the view of facilitating the trade of the port of Melbourne the Victorian Commissioner of Customs has in contemplation a concession by which drawbacks shall be allowed on all goods not specified in the tariff, except second-hand articles liable to a fixed rate of duty, and wines, spirits, beer, tobacco, and cigars. Movements in the Import market yesterday were not of great moment, current prices showing little alteration. Yesterday the Customs receipts amounted to £9951. Towards thia the 10 per cent, ad valorem duty contributed £2932, and the 15 per cent. £705. A farmer from the lower part of the river at Kempsey estimates that the damage done to the crops by the flood is not nearly so bad as was at first supposed. A large and enthusiastic meeting in favour of federation has been held in Melbourne. The strike at Marshall's boot factory in Melbourne still continues. About 230 hands are idle. A telegram from Nathalie reports the destruction by fire of Eichardson's flour-mills. The loss is estimated at £12,000. It is understood that the insurance amounts to £5000. The revival of gold-mining at Wood'* Point led to a discussion as to the amount of gold raised there 30 years ago. A return shows that the total yield from April, 1864, to September, 1866, was 193,231oz, Provisions are very scarce and dear at Cool gardie. There has not been any tinned meat at Hannan's and the White Feather for the past ten days. The half-caste girl who was supposed to be suffering from small pox at an hospital near P^rth is now said to have only chicken-pox. Civil servants may have a holiday on St. Patrick's Day, providing no inconvenience ia caused. A conference concerning rust in wheat will be held at Brisbane shortly. An exciting scene occurred in the Presbyterian Assembly yesterday morning, when some very ' unparliamentary' expressions, such as ' It's a lie,' ' a lying Blander,' etc., were freely used, the Eev. T. J. Curtis apparently being the chief offender. Cardinal Moran has issued a pastoral letter on the unity of his Church, contrasting it with fche dissensions among other denominations. It is alleged that a telegram of 40 words waB recently sent from the Colonial Secretary's Office, Phillip-street, to an office in Pitt-street, not more than a score of yards from the General Post Office. Blackham, the captain of the Victorian team has been asked by the Victorian Association to explain what he meant by sayiner the intercolonial match in Sydney was won by the Sydney umpire. The quantity of butter exported from the colony this s°ason has already exceeded 2,880,000lb., re presenting £114,080. . A new invention is a rubber door-stop and hold back to prevent the slamming of doors and the marring of walls. A rosette containing a rubber rinpr is screwed into the door, while a knob surmounted with an ncorn-shaped ball of rubber is fastened to the base-board. When the door is thrown back the knob catches in the ring, holding the door firmly. Here is a good story of the bishop of Peterborough. Happenins so pay a visit to a celebrated country house thn'Bwhop was offered the use of the haunted room. Not being afraid of ghost3 he accepted this without demur. Upon the following morning, nt breakfast, it was noticed that the bishop looked solemn, and he was therefore naturally asked if a ghost had appeared to him. ' Ye3,' said the Bishop. ' What did he way to you ?' waB the next question. ' Oh, I spnko to it first.' Eeally ! what did you say ?' ' I asked it to subscribe to my now Cathe dral.' ' And what did the ghost say ?' ' Nothing — it disappeared at once.' The Hoosac tunnel in MnBsacliU3etts is the longest in the United States; length, 4$ miles; cost, £3,500,000. 