^ kCOM^Q % BY 'VEBAX.' A0TIIOK OP ' THE DOUBLE EVENT,' ' RONKINO IT OTT,' 'BANKER AND BROKER,' ' JOCKEY JACK,' ' HARRY DALE'S JOCKEY,' *o. (ALL BIGHTS EE3EBVKD.) ' CHAPTER XXV. THB KETliOTlVJi'S STOUY. /'HRrjE to his promino.Dntoctivn Shnnklln -*- camo to Tim Mount and told Mb Btory to thoso moat Interested in it. Without any ptoamblo ho launchod upon his thouio at onco. ' It commonend thin way,' ho anid. ' It wns no part of my business ns n dntcctivo to solvo this mystery connoctod with Dick Murton and tho mnro. ' Tliuru wns nud is n woman nt tho bot tom of it, ns thoro is in most enses. That woman is Mary Murton, bt-ttor known to mo ns Polly 3?onton. Sho was an old acquaintance of mino boforo she picked up with this Hick Murton.' ' ' Thou thorn ia such a porson as Dick Murton nftor all,' said Tom. ' Yea, and a pity it ia ho over was born. ' Polly Foil ton, nsl profor to call hor, was, I confusn, a Rirl I pnrticularly likod, and it out mo up a bit whon bIio disappeared. Ono night I mot lior nguln in ''..barfc, vory down in tho world. Sho told mo hor story. Told me how Dick Murton had fnscinntod her with his talk, and bIio thought ho wns a mnn of moans. Sho also told mo about his soiling a iriaro hoio; and from tho peculiar ciroutristnncos I concluded it might havo something to do with tho dam of Mystory. ' I nskod Polly it sho would rocoRiiiso tho niaro njrain, and,slio nnid 'Yes, sho could liovor forgot that mnro which. was, ns.it wero, part nnd purcol.of hor misfortunes, for it wns on tho procoods of tlio ealo of the niaro that Dick Murton wns ablo to keep up liis position for a short timo.' ' 'Whon I know. Bhe could: recognise tho mnro,' said Shnnklin with a roguish look look nt Tom Wildo,v'I hie upon a plan to got a cluo. ?'' . . ' Mr. Wilde,' Rnid Shanklin, nodding nt Tom, ' will' vecolloct a cortnin night whon tho mnro wns lot out of her box and ho saw a man and a woman eacorly scanning hoi-. 116 will also rninoinber meeting mo in iv trau (is lio wontin ptirauit of the couple he hnd soon nt Bvdal yarm. '. : ? ? .'. ' I put ITr. Wildo off tho scout by telling him I had juat como along tho road ho was traversing, nnd lind spon no Ono. -Jl'his put him off, tho scorit, nnd he returned homo Hntisfiod, ho must hnvo mndo sbino mis take. It wns mysolf nnd Polly Penton Mr. Wilde saw looking at the mare, nnd I lot hor out of her box.' .''??' 'You!'' oicclaimod-Tom in Burpriio. ' What on earth for ?' ' I wnntod Polly to soo if sho could re cogniso tho mnro, rind tho rosult was that she idontifiod her nt once ns tho mare Did; M'urton hnd bIiowh her. She said . she could not possibly bo mistaken, thnt sho would liavo rocojjnisod her nny who ro. . 'Wo saw Tom Wildo coming, and nt onco mnde tho bost of our wny to thotrup I had loft standing in tho lano cIobo by. We were soon going down the rond at top speed, and fancied ourselves freo from pur suit. . . ? ' 'Wo had not gone vory far boforo I fancied I honrd a horao gnlloping behind us, and as tho'sounds'drow uearor, I know Tom wns in pursuit. For reasons of my own I did not want you, Tom, to know who had beun nt the Farm, BO-I blinded you—, tlirow you oil tho scout.- ?'.. ?' - ?, ' ' . . , i 1 'I told Polly to got out of tho trap and' hide under the bridge until I.cnmo back. , ; 'When sho was Bafoly iconcoalod I quickly t'urnedtha horse's head and drovo back again towards New Norfolk. ; ,'. ' I was not mistaken], it was Tom Wildo coming along tbo rond at a hard gallop. You know' what hnppeuod, Tomj I satisfled you and you returned homo.' ' . ,. 'You tooicirie in splendidly,' said Tom; ' A clovor idea of yours; that.' 'Whonnn ndvorfcisemoni; apponrod .in tho pnpor for Richnrd Murton, ; who would ftndit tohis ndvnutago tocnll upon Mossrs. Eomoc nnd Wnlos, solicitors, . Syduoy, I thought horo wns n clinnco to get ovon with Dick' Murton for liis troatmbnt.to UiB wifo. I moniitto^catch him'at tho solicitors oillco liridto bring .him to.book for horse stoaling, for I felt certain ho had stolon the mnro in question. ... ?, .'.':?.,'' ?'?.'?' '1 went over' to. Sydney disguised as you saw mo on tho nicocourso. '. ? 'Strnngo.to sriy, nttho vory hotel I put up at, n fnvorito resort of men in. our line, I heard- of Dick ; Mnrton. A brother doteotivo iu Sydnoy lind' boou nftor him on a serious chnrge of burgliivy. ? ' : ; 'Dick Mnrton wns nppt-ohondod in bod at his' lodgings, bnt lio was never tnkon to tho police office.; Hu hnd fnllon from tho window of n hoiiBo in making bin onenpo, nnd had intornally. injured' 'himself.. He died in thoproBonco of. the dotoctivo. Thnt fnct was usefuV to mo. ; ;: '.?'.'.'?..:'? ,'. . ' I thought I Bhould liko to find out why, Dick Murton had been ndvortisod for,' 'mid who it wns that had such an interest in him. It seemed curious to 'ino that auyono should advertise for such a mnn. ;?;.;'. ' I dotermined to pnsB mysolf off ns Dick Murton nnd to go to tho solicitor's oillco nt tho timo nppointed in tho ndvortisomont. '*' I did so, and thnre I mot Hugh Rrrlton. Ho gavo me full particulars of what he wanted mo, the supposed Dick Murton, to do. ?' ' . 'He wished for somo ronson or other to b'o rovouged on you, Tom Wildo, nnd to provo you woro cognisant of tho dam of Mystory having boon stolon. Ho pnid mo Bomo monoy, which I hnd no Burnplos in taking, and thou I gavo him a posor by nsking him to got Georrfo Andrews' signa ture to tho effect thnt ho would not tnko proceeding ngninnt mo, nnd thnt it was with his sanction thisnffair wns to bo done. Tho document wn3 drnwn up nlright, nnd suro enough bo got Goorgo Aiidion'B'signa turo to it, and I bore it in,' »aid Shnnklin, drawing tho pnper from his pocket nnd handing it to Goorgo Amlvo-.vs. 'Splendid,' Bnid AihIiowb; 'if I had not known it is a forgery I should havu thought it my signature. I novor saw any thing bettor done.' ' Yos, it i» oxcollont,' said Shnnklin ; ' lie must havo been n vory clovor follow to do thnt. '? I think tho romnining facts nro pretty woll known to you. ' 1 roturnod to Hobnrt and resumed my usual official work. ' Disguisod as Dick Murton I again mot Ralton beforo tha Cup, whon ho gavb mo tho balanco of tho mouey ho had promised mo. 'I put that inonoy on Mystery,' said Shanklin, with evident dulight. 'Glad to hear it,' said Tom i 'not bad thnt, to wiu luch n stftko with Ralton'a monoy.' ' Wlint happnnod on tlio rncocourso you all know. Hugh Knlton met with a torriblo punishmont, and wo will not apeak ill of tho dead. I should hare hnd no difficulty with this in my possession,' i-ald Shanklin, tupping tho papor bearing Goorgo Andrews' signature, ' iu proving nny charge you might lmvo brought against him for for gery, Tho imitation of jour ?lgnature is perfect, nnd of courao I hnd ninplo evidoncu thut bn forged it, bocnuso ho could not havo obtaiuod it in any other wuy, ' Tli« }-rinetpul uiotive, Ijowovor, I lmd in-this nffair wns to got oven with lliehurd Murton for his treatment of Polly Fontoii. 'Whon I found out ho wns doad that motivo was gone, but I hnd still sufficient interest in thn nffair to nscortniu why Murton hnd buon ndvortisod for. ' 1 oasily summed Kalton up when I mot him, uud put him down an a bad lot. ' I luvvo oftin como in contio'. with men of liis utmip. Thoy aro far moro dnn goroiiB to i o :ii ty than orliuury unoducatud criminal!!. ' It is tho oulturod, well-educated scoun drel, whoso outwnrd nppunriiiico is guntlo muuly, that is most dangoroiiB. He can ob tain admission into cireleii where ho can carry on hia Ki-hemo.'! with impunity. Such men plan to rob tho Iioubo ot their host whou so:itod nt his hospitable table. TIiobo men aro oftou guilty of moro ruffianly acts thnn tho rough, uncouth criminal. ' 'I enn nESm-o you, Mr. Rath, that n do tcctivo's lil'o is nUventuroiiB, nnd thero is no monotony in it.' ''Now; that tho obslnclo is romovod, in tho snnpo of Murton,' said Tom, 'I pro sumo Mrs. Murton will beon the look-out for a bettor husband ?'. '?'' Sho neod not' go far for that,' snid Shnnklin. 'I mean to try and inako her forgot her pasb lifo, if sho will lot mo. Thero is n vast difference between Folly Murton and Polly Penton.j but, I hopo. to bring the bloom into her chookV again bofoio very long.' ?'-.'.'?_. 'I expect thoro will bo moro weddings thnn ono beforo long,', said Mr. Rath, with a glance nt Agnes Murray. Tom Wildo lookod at A'gnon, and smilocl. ; ? Sho knew woll what he meant, and folt tho tima had now come whon Tom would oponly avow his lovo for her. Detcctivo Shanklin's story oxplaincd why ho had taken so much trouble in the Mystnry caso. . ?.'/.?' ? '? '?;.'.. Whon ho loft Tho Mount ho wont to Mary Murton's lodgings. Ho had' pre viously told hoc of her husband's death, and Bho had not been shockod at the news. It was a welconio relief from a bond which hnd provod woll nigli-iiisupportablo. ' Polly Murton had rushod headlong inlo mnri-inge without thought, lilfo too many of her class do. . Sho would hnvo mndo a good wife to a liUBbnnd who treated her properly, but sho soon discovered the wartblossunss of Mur ton's lifo. . Hor husband quickly became repugnant to her, .and aa ho had no love, for her, thon lifo was ono of endless quar roling and misery, until Polly could stand it no longor, and left him. Dotectlvo Shnuklin received a hearty welcome) ' from. Polly Jrurton. .- ' . . Sh o was very fond of Shnnklin, ho had beon bo kind to her,- but sho.'hnrdly ox-' poo tod ho w6uld quito forgivo hoi- for hay ing thrown him ovor for a mail like'.Murton. .Shnnklin, howovor, laid all tho blamo at tho door of Dick Murton, nnd thought Polly had suffered quite enough for hor hasty marriage. ,?'.'?? ?. ? ?:??-??'. ??:';??!;.???;.' ;.'?,.'? '. '.' 'You look quito brisk,' isaid Shanklin. 'Thoro is adocidod'cliango for tho butter Bineo I met you in Hobarc, friendless.' ; .'. .' 'Yes, tlinnka lo you,' Baid Polly. 'I am a diffeiont womnn. God knows what would hnvo bqcomo of me if you had not tnkbn.ine in.hnnd, John.' .?;... Sho'cnllod him by his Christian nnmo. That -was n good sign, at any rate, ho thought;.; ^ ? ? ?'?:' '1 have just boon telling them at Tho Mount how I came to tako Biicli an iu'torost in Mystory's enro,' said Shanklin/ V ' 'Thny must liavo beon interested in the story,' snid Polly. .. . . .? ? : . .??'.., .'. ' 'They wero. You know why I took up that enno, Polly,' said ' Shanklin. 'I wanted to liavo it out with that aooundrol for his 'treatment ot. you.''. ' 'I know,' euid Polly. ' Ho deserved to bo hounded down, for the wny ho treated mo wns shameful. / You do not know half what that man did'to mo.' ' ' - Slmiikliti clonuhqd hiB fists. Ho had an idoa ho would lmvo liked to ; light Dick Murton's ghost if he could not get at the man hiinsolf. '? ' '?? ?- ..- 'In tlie old days, Polly,' h» said in^ a softened yoico,'' wo woro good friunds, nud I fancy wu shall beoomo noarar and donror to eacli other thnn thnt. Had.all gono'right wo might lmvo beon' very happy together long ngo. It is not too Into now. You havo nultorod, Polly, snffi-rod.sovor61y for that ill-fated marriago. You ire a f roq woman ngnin. ''.'Will you risk matrimony a socond timo, nnd try ine for n husband?'. ,:; .; ; Polly. Mnrton looked at him lovingly. Tliis was moro thnn she hnd dured to hopo for. So .Tnljn Shnnklin had been truo to hor eyor since lid fltfat mot hnr. '-'? i ? v 'It ib too much of a snerifleo oh; your1- part, Joliii.' I cannot lot you throw your Bolf away upon mo. I do not doaorvo your lovo. I might havo boon hnppy with;. you long ngo, na you Bny. Now I hnvo nothing to givo you oxcopt my lovo. I am libt tho woman I onco wns. 1 hnvo BUffornd, and it h.ie loft its mark upon mo. No, John, I will not let you throw yourself away upon a worthless womnn.' 'Polly, you nro the only woman I shnll over lovo. If you do not innrry me yon will blight my futuro lifo. . You Bny you lovo mo. If you do, ninrry.inin. : Thu past is forgotton by me. I, will Btrivo to maku you forgot it. Wo hnvo many hnppy yunra boforo us. Polly, do not hesitate, any you will bo my wifo.' ' ' ' If you wish it, John,' she snid, 'but I do not dcBorvo such lovo as yours.' John Shauklin kissod her fondly. Ho Itissod hor now with a moro onrnest affec tion than whon thoy had flirted iu hor girlhood's days. ' I will try and ho a good wifo to you, John,' kIio said. ' I own nil tho happinosa I havo hnd in my lifo to you. I will for your snko Blriro to blot out tho pust.' ' And you will find it easy onough to forgot whon wo nro married,' snid Slianl lin. ' I nm not going to wuit long, Polly. 1 havo wnitod n good many yenrs for you nlrnndy, co tho Boonor wo nru married thu bettor.' ' When you plonso, John,' Bhe snid. ' I nm yours, and you can tako mo when you will.' John Shanklin wont homo thoroughly ?atiaflod with himsolf. Ho wns tlrod of a lonely* hnciiblor's lifo, and Polly wns the woman he hnd nlwnya desired to mnku his wifo. Tom Wildo lind hnudod him Hugh Kul ton's wntch nud chain as he had boon re quoHtod, nnd us Shanklin lookod at it, ho thought: ' Poor beggar, ho's paid tho penalty of his sins with his lifn. It was n Etrangn thing Myntory should givo him his doath blow. What a fluo woman his widow is. I'll bet bIio marries Goorgo Andrews. Woll, this watch will nlwnys remind mo of an iutorosting opisodo/mul I do not think I shall forgot Mystery's Hobnrt Cup in a hurry.' (To li Contihuid.) 