C r r t m b 0 . Zoo. Show. Royalist. Pleasant. Cyclorama. Bed of Roses. Bijou to-night. A Regular Fix. Ruth's Romance. Wise men assembled. Methodist Parliaments. Armand Behic at Albany. Liberal mining regulations. An interesting Autumn Show. Mining regulations published. Madame Patey died of apoplexy. Garden Fete at Malvern te-night. Mr. Kingston's classic is the Bible. Barometer at 1 o'clook to-day, 29*92. Early-closing movement rather sick, Burglary boom. Where's the police 2 Mr. F. R. Burton is at last promote^. Sad bathing fatality at Port Augusta, Grand triple bill at the Bijou to-night. Lots of country cousins knocking about. French Senate increased the food duties. The Independent party bless the Premier. That South-road certainly wants repairing. Trying to hustle tbe G.O.M. into resigning. Intercolonial Postal Conference opens to« day. Scotch night at tbe Continentals on Saturday. The Observatory folk thought it was leap year. S. A» Bowing Club general meeting tonight. Last appearance of the ghost on Saturday - night. Band concert at Glenelg to-night — 6d. return. Population of Australia exceeds four millions. Garrack Dramatic Club give a triple bill to-night. South Australian Club Hotel to be further enlarged. Victorian racing carnival begins on Saturday. W. F. Giffen will not play, neither will A. H. Jarvis. Steel pipe contrast oompleted. More unemployed. Wesleyan garden party at Montefiore this afternoon. Fierce disputes as to the successor to Mr. Gladstone. Short paper tournament. This has no relation to p.n. The lawfulness of pummelling before the Court to-day. Recital and concert at the Adelaide Tows Hall to-night. One of the crew of the sent to Torrens Island. National Labour Conferenoe opeqa in London on St. Patriok's Day. Astronomical Department discovered February "29" this year. Wrangling over the political oorpse before death has taken plaoe. Demooratio Club ball and oona^rt to-nigh* in aid of the unemployed. The ingenuity of stowaways is not keen enough for Detective Segerlind. The Premier is a veritable Absalom for winning tbe hearts of the people. Retrenchment vigorously proceeding in tha Victorian Education Department. The astute Premier has made a saving of £600 in tho cost of the Magistracy. University authorities appear to be making • mess of jhe day and evening classes. The best value in advertising—the sixpenny advertisements in Register and Journal. Sun rose at 5.4S a.m. ; sets at 6.37 p.m. Moon set at 2.48 p.m.; rises at midnight. Fear of the Pentridge oat has started John West on a journey, destination unknown. Melbourne has sent an experimental shipment of poultry by tbe Parr&matta; to London. Port Pirie Fire Brigade seized an opportunity to show its ability to oope with a fire. French victorious in Timbuctoo, and British in Gambia. Hurrah for the white man's arms! A superb musical and elocutionary entertainment at the Adelaide Town Hall this evening. Practical sympathy sought for the village settlers who have gone iato the wilderness to make a paradise. The odour of a soap factory should have as appropriateness in a Law Court where dirty linen is not infrequently trashed. " Government half-holiday for Show. Will Government Statist please say what proportion of those liberated attend same? Another Aurora Austral is was visible in the sonthern sky between 3 and 3.30 o'olpck this morning. It was not anything like so brilliant as the one seen on Sunday evening. Seldom is heard a more humorous elocutionist than Mr. Walter Bentley, who wiil recite this evening in tbe Adelaide Town Hall "The New Editor," by Max Adeler, and Wilkie Colliss's " Major Namby." The oharmmg vocalist Mies Webster has several musical numbers to sing thin evening at the City Town Hall, among which are Macfarren'a "Beating of my Own Heart," and Cowan's " I'm but a pimple Maiden." If a child cries because he goes to bed in the dark, he should be humoured and given a light, aocordipg tq the latest scientific theory. Modern pyechologists have duoqrfifd that children are subject to hallucinations, and the imagination that they " see things" is very vivid and real. They should not be "disciplined" or punished, but given means to lessen these fears. The first recorded run on banking institutions was in London in 1667. M%ny Lombardetreet goldsmiths and baqker? bad lent out the money entrusted to them, and could not at onoe repay. A mob of creditors got the idea that they had been swindled, a not ensued, and four bankers were handed at their own doors before the arrival of the soldiers sent to restore order. Lord R. Churchill declares that he has alwayB been an inexorable opponent of anything in the nature of bimetallism for this country. He describes it as " a mischievous heresy," and points to the calamities which the long and desperate attempt of the Republican party to give an artificial value to silver has brought upon the United States^asa warning to the Bficifh people. 