:1 LOVE'S DREAM. CHAPTER LIV. KILLED BY THE HAND OF LOVE ! The silence throughout the great house of Med ford was oppressive. The servants walked npon , tiptoe across the polished oaken floors and spoke in whispers. The day had been looked forward to &b; one of quiet rejoicing, for the story of the duke's marriage had leaked out; but instead of merry making there was trouble— trouble, sudden and un expected. Miss Tremayne's father had suffered an other spell of frenzied insanity on his daughter's wedding morn. He had attacked one of my lord duke's guests— he had attacked Dr. Klein, Iiib medi cal man, and nearly choked him to death. He had beaten him insensible with his violin. The doctor was terribly difigured, and the madman was dead. He lay dead on his bed, and the duke was inconsol able — the duke was nearly mad himself, with grief, with horror with disappointment. He had forbidden the servants, on pain of instant dismissal, to mention one word of the tragedy in Miss Tremayne's hearing. And when they were Holding whispers of all this trouble, the news came that the duke's secretary had been shot — that the ?duke's secretary was dying at the tillage hotel. Two. or three of the men-servants remembered seeing Mr. Vincent leave the horse. He parted from the duke on friendly terms, and went outinto the night to be shot by some prowling thief. So disaster follows disaster, and the duke was now cowering over the fire in the breakfast-room, his face drawn and haggard, his eyss wild — despair in his very attitude. I Near to him on a couch, propped up with pillows, his face in bandages, was Dr. Klein. He would in sist npon leaving his bedroom, for danger seemed to lurk in every corner. ' I do not attempt to disguise anything from you, I Ulein,' the duke was saying. ' Of course' I shot I 'Vincent, and have made a bungle of it. I hear that he has refused to make any statement, but if he -does finally accuse me, I must deny it. He has no ' proof that I assaulted him, and my servants saw him part from me. It makes me mad to think that we have both bungled, but I am determined that this marriage shall go on. I will fight to the last.' . ' I cannot help you further,' Klein groaned. ' I am a ruined man. I shall not be able to present myself to the world for weeks. Look at me ! my face is beaten into an unrecognizable mass,' ' Curse it all.' was the brutal reioindfir. ' Vp.v haps your disguise may be of service to you ; your f riond Cavalli won't be able to recognize you now '.' Their conversation was interrupted by the butler. , 'A person to see you, your grace,' he said. 'What? At this hour in the morning?' The duke had paled to the lips. 'Who is it? What) does he want? I can see no one.' 'He brings a message from Mr. Vincent, your grace.' 'Ha!' ' Otherwise, I would not have admitted him.' ' Very good, Tompkins. Bring the message to ?me.' ? ' He says that it must be given into your hands alone, your grace,' the butler continued. ' Where is the person ?' ' In the west library, your grace.' ' I will see him,' and he waved the butler away. The duke was thoughtful for a few minutes. TThe messenger was probably a detective. Well, if he were charged and arrested it would be an easy . matter to treat the affair contemptously, and get hail. ' Do not be gone long,' Dr. Klein said. ' And give me a drop of brandy. My nerves are so unsteady by fright and pain that I cannot keep a limb still.' The duke walked to the library in the west wing with a firm step. He pushed open the door, and started back with an oath when he saw a dark form rise to meet him — a form that was essentially 'foreign. ' Antonio Cavalli !' he muttered, urder his breath. ' Wo, this man is too slight — too small. So Mr. Vincent produces his trump card !' ' What is your business ?' he demanded, aloud, ?and vainly endeavouring to recall the Italian's face to mind. It was familiar, and yet he could not ?remember to whom it belonged ; but the man kept ?persistently in the shade of the heavy curtains, ' -merely tossing Vincent's letter on to the table near which the duke was standing. He seemed to be . afraid to trust his voice to speak, and his breaBt iheived painfully. The duke perused the note, an expression of re lief and surprise passing over his face. ' You know the contents of this, sir ?' he asked, haughtily. The Italian inclined his head. 'It is simple nonsense,' went on' the duke. ?*' Poor 'Vincent's mind is wandering. He calls you -a. friend of mine, while I do not even know your ? name — have never before set my eyes upon you.' .' I am a friend of Therese Cavalli,' the Italian ?replied. ?'Ha! And pray, what business is that of mine-?' his grace demanded, contemptuously. 'I had almost forgotten such a creature ever had existed. The interview is at an end, sir.' ' No, it is not at an end yet, my lord duke. I have come to know why you deserted Therese Cavalli — your lawful wife. I have been a long ?.while tracking you, and now that we are face to iface, I will know the truth.' ' And who and what may you be ?' was the jBneering question. 'Some broken-hearted lover who dreams of revenge? I had expected to meet (her brother— pray, sir, who are you ?' ' I repeat that I have come to prove your guilt; ?or your innocence — or ? ' The man who had called himself Antonio Cavalli ?buried his face for a moment in the folds of his .-cloak. He was too overcome to speak further. Suddenly he stepped into the light, tossed aside his hat — snatched away the beard and mustache from his face, revealing to the dukes's astounded gaze -the beautiful features of a woman. 'Frederick!' she whispered, ' Frederick— my Jove — my husband ! Tour Thereso has come to you. Your Therese has found you ab last ! Never once have I believed the false tales that have been told -fco me. I know that yoa are true— my grand lover . — I know that you are true.' She fell upon her knees before him,1 her great dark eyes full of passion and pain. ' I said that I would kill you if your love were dead/' she went on j ' but oh ! Frederick, I love you still— I love you still. They thought that I was dead. When I heard that you were lost to mo —I was impelled by the evil ove of the Englishman who told me the awful story— I was impelled to seek relief in the cold river, But I was not to die ; the sweet waters restored my reason, and I strug gled for my life. I was pickod up, bufc was near to to death for many, many months. But I have lived for my darling, and I have come, I have come 1' She was crying now, and clinging to his knees in a fronzy of love and doubt. ' Oh, my Frederick, apeak to me, take me in your arms. I am your wife. I will never leave you again. I love you, my darling — I love you, I have no revenge, it is cold and dead. I have nothing but love, love, love '.' Frederick Vansitart, Duke of Medford, has been in many peculiar and uncomfortable positions dur ing his varied career, but never before had he felt bo bewildered and helpless. He had nothing but rage and contempt for the poor oreatuie before him whose life he had ruined. ' I heard that this was your wedding-day.' Tberese said. ' I heard that this was your wed ding-day, my Frederick*, but you did not know that I lived, and I have come back to you, and to your love. I, alone, am your lawful wife— your wife in the sight of God and man.' ' Begone, woman !' he said at last, a fearful oath upon his lipB. ' Would you ruin me ? Go back in Italy. If you want money ? ' ' Money !' she said, scornfully. ' I spurn your money. I want your love — I want that which is mine by right. I will not go. My place is by your side.' She had sprung to her feet, and was regarding him with flashing eyes. ' I will take off these dreadful clothes, and you must provide me with dresses suitable for a lady. Find some apartments for me here. I will not go, Frederick, I will not go.' One moment his hand grasped the revolver that was still in his breast-pocket, and the light o£ murder shone in his eyes ; then he turned swiftly toward her, a smile upon his false, cruel face. ' Carissima, Mia !' he whispered, and she leaped into his arms with a glad cry. She sobbed on his shoulder and caressed him with a tenderness that was pifriful to see. ' My Frederick loves me still 1' she sighed. I ' All that was told to me was false, and I shall stay with him always ; I shall never go away from him again.' The duke did not quite relish this declaration and had quite resolved to put her away from him forever. He was simply consumed with rage. The tangle was getting beyond him. He had never an ticipated the ghost of such a complication as now stared him in the face. He pressed his hot lips to the girls brow, tne lips that were breathing hatred for her ; and she clung still tighter to his breast. Whai was he to do ? What was he to say ? How could he dispose of the loving fool t He pushed her gently away, but she held firmly to him, grasping playfully athia dress, murmuring : ' Kiss me again, my Frederick ! I will not leave you. Kiss me again \' She had her hand over the trigger of the revolver in his breast-pocket, and tightened her hold as he tried to disengage himself. Oh ! how innocently this fond creature pressed the tongue of fatal steel— a smile on her lips the while — a happy light in her beautiful eyes ! She shrieked aloud when a sharp report broke the stillness, and the duke staggered to a chair, his hand against his breast, his eyos starting from his head. The muzzle of the pistol was turned inward, and he was shot through the heart. He died without a groan — killed by the hand of love ! This was my lord duke's wedding-day — he was wedded to— DEATH ! (To be continued.) 