Wisi AND OTHERWISE. Tho vIoIssitudoH of political life acquAtnt one with strange stories. Hut no story is more touching than tlmt of tho great Erec-trade- I'rolHhitioipSinglo- Tnx-Triplo-Loftgue orusndc. Uiulor tho flag of this. many-headed organisa tion all thu political braves of the old Tory camp, and all tho free-trado dead boats were rallied by a Murray Smith, who hold aloft tho standard hearing tho strango logand,." Always in a minority." AH our iudusLrto woro-ta bo wiped out forthwith hy these trusty or rusty warriors. Poor Mr. Tronwith and liis crow woro to get no quarter. Our railways woro to be run free. Farmers to bo paid for using , tho lines. Everybody was to pay twice as inucMotho Customs, so that wealth might not ho burdened with any taxes. AU tho aliens wero enlisted its a foreign. legion under MaxIIirsoh, and all the chil dren of Ghitto nnd thooont. per centorss wanned round the chivalrous Zox. Victory was nover doubted Yofc what a day of rcokoning was the 20th September to this misguided, befooled and salflah rabble ! Marengo, Leipsio or Waterloo was not more deofsive. Proudly did tho Pattcrsonians and the SmitliUea nnd tho Ilirsohitcu and tho othercontitigenU maroh to tho country. Moat of thorn stayed there. Patterson camo back, truly, but with only six followers ! now it sit happened ho is ov-on.yot too dazed, to uudorntand. Hut tho cx-I'mmicr tmay he seen wandering ghost ilka about tlie. marble' corridors of Parliament House, surveying with " saddened oountonanoo thoplonsnntoomfortof the Treasury hnnr.h'f»«, 1n«t. tn l»m for CTC7 ST.'i hs has been heard to murmur low— Ofton aftor nuusot, sir, . » When, it i h light and fair, t' I tako my little porringer . And entiny BUhpor tiiorc. But gone arc all my droatuu of hoayon. O, Carter ! Wo arc only seven. Diplomacy is somewhat dlBcroditoU nowadays ; but it has its uses; Tlie nrt could at all events bo brought into full piny in jury oases. In such an iustsnoe, ufor instance," wheq two jurors put up their backs and virtually declare them selves for the plaintiff or defendant, regardless of the evidence. Cartylu had an experience of this sort onoe, as readers of Froude|s biography of tho great man of Ohoynoltow will remember. Two psople from Manchester had a controversy, about some patent fndiarubber cotton cards. One hundrod and fifty witnesses were summoned from various parts of Groat Britain, and £10,000 spont in costs. Carlyle was ono of the 12 good mon nnd true who had to try tlie suit. This in how he tells tho story:— "Wo sat for 20 endless days till dark night each day. About 8 o'clock at night on tho last day we imagined it was done, and we had only to speak our verdict. But lo end behold ! ono of the jury stood out. The judge told us we must withdraw, through passages and utnirH up and down, into a littlo stone ooll, with 12 old chairs in it, ono candle and no meat, drink or fire. The refractory man —a thick set, flat headcd'sacA — erected himself in liia chair and said, 1 1 am one of tho firmoib minded mon in England- I know this room pretty well. I have starved out thrco juries here already. Reasoning demonstration was of no avail. They began to suspect ho had been bribed. One roally could not help laughing, though one had a notion to kill tho -boast. 'Do not aryuc with him,' I said. 'Flatter him. Don't you boo ho has the obstiaaoy of a boar, and little more sonss in that head of his than in a Swedish turnip.' The man settled himself down in a dark corner of tho room, there moaning to Htay out tho night." ' Carlyle Bat down beside him, congratulated him on being a man of dcoielon, abla to have an opinion of Ills own in tlicne weak days and stand by it, a quality both rare and prcoious, &o.; Half an hour of Carlylean flatter brought tho " firmost minded man in England " to Iur senses, and the jury were unanimous. This momont of triumphant jury room diplomacy Carlylo describes as "ono of the glnddoBt I had seen for a month." And he adds, "Had I not been thera, it was very possible they would have quarrelled with the 'firmest minded man in England,' and cost some- I body or another £10,000." Mr. E. G. Fits Gibbon, the bright,. .particular. | light of tho Metropolitan Board of Works, pro- i- bably inherits his love of a tilt from his honored ancestors, whom he describes, in that large way peculiar to him, as the white kuights of Kerry. Tho latest joust of this garrulous and oombativo ' old gontlcman is directed against tho Education Act, to tho striotly seoular naturo of which he, in common with many othor venorable indivi duals in whom old fauhioned Conservatism and > roligioslty of an older fashion arc peculiarly > combined, is inclined to auotibe all the wiokcdncus in tho colony, with a good deal that ' is not in tho colony, but that exists only in tho imagination of the onemies of tho system. Speaking to the Church of England Assembly recently on the question of roligious teaching in State schools, Mr. Fitz Gibbon said " It is a dlngrnoo to tho community that politicians should continually thwart tho onurah iu its desire to educate the children iu. spiritual mattors." Furthermore he asked, "Iu the Church of England to remain conteut while tho souls of its children are sold for tiie paltry bene fit of getting free education for them?" AU this is probably right, boyond the simple facts that politicians do not thwart tho churoh in its desiro to educate the children in spiritual mattors, and that there is no ovidenee to show that thb souls of the obildron are being sold for any consideration whatever. It is necessary dlw&yB; for tlie abusers of the Viotorian Education Act. who dosiro to mako the Stato the spiritual advisers ;of the people, to prove that wickedness and miscellaneous villainy aro more rampant amongst us than amongst those people who onjoy the benefits of religious teachings in their common - schools ; but, being unable to do this in n practical ami logical manner, they fall b&ok; upon hair raising generalities and prophetic uttoranoes of a most appalling nature, and- talk, as Mr. Fitz Gibbon does, of the . soul of tho children being sold to satan. Mr. Fitz Gibbon does not name the dealer who is supposed to bo taking over our children's bouIh whole sale, but Mephistophclcs is tho only buyor in tho business, and tlie inference in obvious. Bub this cry of " wolf " has been raised so often since tho inauguration of the secular sys tem that the people of Yiotoria have grown quite indilforenb to if, knowing that at the 'worst the wolf exists only In the form of an hal lucination in the minds of a number of worthy but ucrvoiis individuals who, having agreed that great evil must reBulb from the working of tho Education Act, now insist that it; is hero iu spito of the ovidonoe of thoir senses. We can not help suspecting that many of these prophots who have predicted an ago of undiluted iniquity as the effect of the "Godless" State school curriculum, regret not so much that wo aro as' bad as wo are, but that we are not as bad as we ought to be, Tho latest news from Paraguay, via London, puts the trouble in New Australia in a fresh light, and gives further demonstration, if . further demonstration were necessary, of the faot tlmt the leuders ot the pilgrim fathers and mothers. who departed from Australia to escape the evils and weaknesses of modern civilisation, and to sot up a liitlo paradise of their owniua for away corner of Paraguay, into which dis- Bonsions could never penetrate, reckoned without tho host. Tho leaders and teachers may have been above ordinary human frailties, but the . host wore not, and tho native ladies of Paraguay appear to have experienced no difficulty in winning them over from "true mateship," tho shibboleth of the association, and leading them to contract unions outside the' brotherhood. Iu fnct, the New. Australians of tiie sterner sex found tho lissom brunettes pf the strange land in which they. had pitched thoir tents very pleasant to look upon, and they bestowed their hearts and hands upon tho native he&utiea;, to. the neglect of New Aus tralian. spinsters, who nnturnlly regarded the. bachelors of the . association as to a certain extont their property, believing at least that they had a right to tho first refusal. When thoNijw Australian fever was at its height hero male, and female propa gandists stumped the country — Tasmania being .tho happy hunting ground most favored- enlisting unmarried girls - and marriageable willows, slid. .tho oliiof reward.- promised to recruits was the certainty of their securing hus bands amongst the stalwart young. Australians bound for tho oversea Eden.1 Such of these ladica as have been overlooked in favor of Paraguayan beauties will feel, of course, that the men aro guilty of a breach of agreement, and a tremendous lot of litiga tion is only avoided by the facts that Now Australia has no brcnoh of promise law anil no law courts. There havo been two splits in Now Australia. The third will divide tho men who lmvo married Australian wives from tliOBo who are wedded to Paraguayans, the ladies in the former oamp refusing to admit those in tho latter to equality and fraternity, or to " play speaks " with them under, any circum stances whatever. Tho fault in the rules for the good government of Now Australia is now apparent. They affirmed the idea that every mau was as good as his neighbor, but forgot the women. Councillor Barwiso, of North Melbourne, dis tinguished himself, at the minimum wage con- ference.the other day, and justified his name. Mr. Bnrwisa.does not appreciato the minimum wage idea, and, liko alt tho enemies of tlie pro posal, opposes It purely for tho good of Uiobo whom its advocates expsot it to benefit. "It must -be remembered, " said this gentleman, " that tho lower tho wage paid the more mon tho money will find employmont for." This is an ingenious argument, and if it fails to find favor amongst laboring men ttio appreciation with which it will be received by sweaters and omnlovors of their kidney should convince its author that ho has not spoken In vain. The theory of tho North Melbourne councillor is that it is hotter for two men to work for a day at 3b. 6d. each than for oqo man to earn 7s. In Ids oight or ten hours, an vuort of philosophy with which the person who provides the 7s. wtU have no difficulty in agree ing, Hinco it enables blm to got two men's work for one man's pay, whilst posiug as a bestewer of benefits and a lover of hi» fel low men. Following this theory to its logical end we wilt find that it is a wise and philanthropic act on the part of an employer to force his employd to work two weeks for one week's wage, as by doing this he is providing extra employment and making bis money go a» far as possible. Unfortunately tho workmau has prejudices that must, make him tho enemy of tho coonomy of Cr. Barwist. He works for wages rather than froin an exalted Idea of -the dignity of labor, and resents being sweated ia the snored name of charity. The Age on Monday reported the arrival in Melbourne of a lady who had ridden over from Sydney on a. bicycle. This moans a journey of 570 miles, and it wan accomplished in 10 days, without fatigue or any particular inconvenience beyond a Uttle difficulty with an occasional bog. The blcyole evidently comes as a boon and a blessing to women ; it. offers them a cheap and oasy means of locomotion, combined with the pleasure of a healthy pastime and the gratifica tion of meeting man for once on exaot terms of equality. On horseback the lady is handi dapped by being forced by conventionality into an inconvenient position and one that places her at a great disadvantage as compared with the male rider, but on the modern bieycle, ilrensed iu an appropriate uniform, whioh evon Mrs. Grundy is now inotined to accept as decorous, as "quito tho thing," in faot, she fesls.that sho Is really emancipated and may "go the pace" for once like hor privileged brothers without running the risk of being considered too fast by any but those exceedingly old fashioned people who hold that nothing now is quite respectable. The young woman is taking freely to the bicycle, and that is sufficient to guaranteo the muchino a prominent placo in tho romanoe of tho future. Tho part the saddle hack and tho post ohaiee played in the romantic elopements of other day's will in tho days to come probably be filled by the wonderful safety bicycle. Iu faot, the bicycle built for two stems to have been designod- with an eye to tho convenience of young couples forced to Beek happinoss in flight. The combat of tho whale and the thresher is being interestingly illustrated in the lands and waters of Cathay juet now. That big blunder ing behemoth, tho Chinese Emplro, is receiving very severe punishment from its agile liliputisn congener, Japan. What boots immensity of strength if it cannot bo brought to bear, or ability to flglit when one is kuooked out before getting ready to begin ? China's young Em peror, who has just bogun to ask himself this im portant question, does not fiud an answer ready to bond. To outsiders, of course, the moral is easily obvious. In fighting, as well as in commerce, indurtty, polities and social advancement, tho- battle is not . to tbo simply strong but to tho actively progressive and enterprising. The Chinese reverses simply show that when Conservativism and Progressivcism meet, the former is bound to go to the wall or suffer a speedy conversion. Any autocrat oi an uninas uas, nowover, made au important discovery, viz., that Con servatism means " corruption and incompe tence,". but he seems to have failed so far to thoroughly grasp the remedy. Ho appoints his undo, Priuce Kutig, with two presumably figure-head assist ant commissioners, to " manage tho war," and ho details his father-in-law At the head of 5000 men to drivo back the pestllunb Japs if they attempt to put sacrilegious foot in sacred Tekin. But, perhaps, after all tho young Celostlal sovereign may be a deeper diplomatist than surface uigus indicate. To set an uuelo and a fathur- ln-law ia the forefront of the battlo may be an ingeuious double-barrelled expedient for getting rid of troublesome relatives that have to be provided for, and for killing off the most obstructively Conservative of the Imperial advisers. There is evidently a oomio as well as a pathetic Ride to tho depression. TheFronoh aristocrat, who when told by an indigent plebeian that " a poor mau must live," and replied tlmt he did not see tho ueocBsity, would bo surprised to hear of a condition of sooiety in which a poor man cannot afford to die— uuloss spooial induoe- mcuts are offered to him. It is consolatory to know, however, tlmt Molbourno under takers are offoring, by rudely daubud inscrip tions on suburban fcncoR and blank walls, such concessions au appeal foroibly to the depressed. "Try Brown and Co.'s £10 funornk Com plete satisfaction given 1' "Black and Com pany's family funeral, from £5 to £7 10a., is the best and cheapest out." "When mortuary bargains such as these are offered, aud when the complaint, that " life is not worth liviug" in these days of retrenchments deductions' and economies is more rife than over, it-is passing strange that there should be such bewailments of "the depression " in the under taker's trade. The times Are manifestly out of joint, and a country undertaker has entered his protest against them iu emphatic and practical fashion. As thorc was no business moving, he considered it noceisary to "undertake" the provision of one job at least for his mortuary plant to oxecute, and suicided with the final remark that the rash act was due to "depression in liia business." iDocsthe end justify the: means, or do the means diRcrcdit the end, is a knotty problem which the morality committee, of the Church of Euglantl Assembly lias undertaken to solve in. connection with religious rallies. Can a pro- laHSiug vnnsiiiHU uuubuivii uwubij bAKoautuiorimu olmnce in an antimaccassar aw6ep at a church bsznar, and at the samo time hold himself free to dcuouncs " Tattersalls " and all his works, and urge tho prosecution of tho patrons and practitioners t.of the sixpenny tobaboonist's tote? Is tho question of morality or immorality in uuoh investments dependent on amount, or does "by permission of the Attoruey-General " rec tify any littlo moral obliquity thorc may be in tho transaction ? If it be lawful to liquidate a bank by lottery In Tasmania, can It bo sin- by rsfiie in Victoria? The Church, of England Acsointdy in not quite dear on these points, which are not provided for Iu the 39 Articles, and hence . the KafficB Abolition Bill introduced by the Rtv. E. G. Veal has bfeen shelved till a more convenient season. If there Is really, as some divines declare, novice in raflliug, and.if tho end does justify the rqeans, and the "gambling propen sities of society " are merely silly'pecoftdilloes, would it hot bo as well for the clergy to' support the WxtTutaUuatorBill as ablow to tha "books," with a percentage deduction on totals put through the muchino to bo devoted to parish work. That would on the whole bo more pro fitable, and would save the weary clergy an infinity of pains nnd worry in getting up bazaars whioh. depend upon .the r&ffie; for finan cial success. The Morality Committee has its work out out to anaVror these questions, but it woii't be in a hurry to do so. Thore is a strong party ia tlie Church, as woll as in the State, iu favor of "direct taxation"; but there is also an opposition party strong .enough to defer straight out finauoial appeals to the people until further postponement is impossible. 