cambridgeshire tom. A True Talo of the Turf. > ' It is - now long ago since ho died— 30 long that liis very existence has been forgotten. . Xt thorewM- a timo when ho onjoyed an eiffrftbrdinary'ropntaHon, and when many \- wjio know nothing whatovor about racing or- jocKeys. were deeply interested in the career of Cambridgeshire Tom. He was omployed, when a lad, in Dixon's training stables at Nowmarket, and at tho age of Seventeen, on account of his very light woight, he was put up by his employers to rido a rank outsider in tho Cambridgeshire of that year. Tho beast was not considered to have a chance, being merely run as a pacemaker. But Tom rodo him magnificently, and landod the ovont by a head. Seeing that tho winner's price was 60 to 1, and that ho did not carry a shilling, his success was not hailed with much delight — except by his jockey, who was tremendously olated ; in fact, the lad conld think and talk of nothing else for weeks, and made' himsolf a perfect nuisance to all his associates by constantly harping upon tho race. But his fine riding that day hadattractod notice, and not long afterwards he was "put up" on a much better animal at Liverpool. Here a most unfortunate acci dent bofolj him. In tho course of the race a fractious youngstsr overpowered his jockey and bolted, colliding with the colt which Tom was riding. The lattor was badly thrown, landing upon his head, with the result that he sustained a severe con cussion of tho brain. For a very long time he lay unconscious, and it was a toss up whethor he lived or diod. He did, how ever, recover in a sort of way, but only with the loss of his reason. From that day forward poor Tom was a foeble, helpless idiot. There was only one subject upon which he could talk intelligently, or upon which he would talk at all. That was the race for the Cambridgeshire, in which he had ridden the winner. It had occupied his thoughts at tho time of tho accident : it seemed to have crys'tallised permanently in his brain to the exclusion of all other ideas. Whenever there was a race-meeting at New market there I10 was to be found loafing about. the course, a ragged, shrivelled atom of humanity, mnttoring to himsolf as he walked, and always muttering the same old story — how he had ridden and won that famous race. He soon became a well-known character at Newmarket. Thoy called him Cambridgeshire Tom ; and the moro good- natured would give him' some small coin when thoy met him, in pity for His forlorn Btate. On such trifling gratuities ho kept himself alive somehow, dragging out a- wretched existence, and growing more haggard and imbecile every day. Twelve months went by, and another Cambridgeshire drew near. Those who encountered Tom began to notice a sudden improvement in the poor fellow's aspect and demeanor. Ho wore a less ragged out fit; he held himself more upright; and, aboveall, thero was a keener, brighter look about his face, which was in strong contrast to the painfully vacant stare which had hitherto possessed it. " Upon my word," thoy said, " he is get ting hia wits back. What if he should grow sane again after oil !" The man who was most impressed with this possibility was Dixon, the trainer. Three days before the Cambridgeshire one of the grooms came into his offico and told him tbat the poor idiot hod called' to see him, and wouldn't go away without doing so. " He declares," -says the groom, " that he has very particular business." Dixon laugbed, not ill-naturedly. He was a good-liearted man, if a trifle coarse in bis manners and language. " Damn liis business," ho said.- " What sort of business can that blessed luny have with " me ? Well— well — sh(Jw hiui here, George. We'll bo civil to the beggar. He did -win the Cambridgeshire for our Btablo, after all, and put their noses at Kingeclero out of joint. Poor cliap ! What a pity he's got ,.hi3 brains jumbled. " He would have made a fine jockey, too." ' A minute or two later Cambridgeshire Tom was ushered into his presence. " Well, my lad," 6aid the, trainer, eyeing him shrewdly, and noting with great sur prise' the increased intelligence of the idiot's faoo; "and what can I do for you this morning, hey?" " I want to ask you something," replied Tom, speaking in a tone of suppressed engorneBs. " Fire away then. What is it ?" Dixon . told him, encouragingly. " It's just this. Who will you put up to rido Firefly on Wednesday ?" " Hey ?" cried Dixon, knitting his brows and staring with a curious look at Tom's eager face. " Why, Grasshopper Sam, our- stable-boy, to bo sure. But what the devil makes you ask ?" "Grasshopper Sam ain't got no hands for a tender mouth liko Firefly's," said tho idiot, shaking his head. "She'll be. all over tho place with Sam up. ' Dixon was consaioos of an increased sense of wonder. The imbecile was tnlljfiig good sense, in a rational way — a thing which he bad negor dono since his sad accident. "That's true," admitted tho trainer. . "Sam's hands are not as light as I could wish. But we've no' other rider as scales under seven. So Sam it must be." " Now, look'eo here," shifting nervously from one foot to tho other, " what d'ye take my weight to be?" . \- "Don't know. Not much," said Dixon, opening his eyes wide iu wonder as to what was coming. " You've shrunk rather than growed, my lad, in the last year." " Six- four not an ounce over," replied Tom, impressively." And then ho added, with intenso, piunful eagorness, "Why not put me up, sir, to ride Firefly ?" Dixon repressed a momentary tendency to laugh _ outright. Thero was something patliotic in the "request, which, in spite of its absurdity, restrained him from doing anything that would wound tho poor fellow's sensibilities. Ho mo'roly said, therefore : " Oh, that is impossible, my lad. You are too much weakened by your accident; your nerves are too much shattered, and all that. You could never mnnage a skittish filly liko Firefly." " Oh, but I could," pleaded Tom, stretch ing out both his hands, ontreatingly. "I'm good for nothing olse, I know. In any other race I couldn't oven Bit a lady's hack. But tho Cambridgeshire! I could ride any thing in tho Cambridgeshire. I'm quite myself again — for tho Cambridgeshire ; and if you put me up on Firefly I know that I shall win the race. By this time Dixon folt more impressed than perhaps he was aware. Like many other sporting men, ho had a strong vein of superstition minglod with his practical common sense, and ho entertained vague ideas about tho sopornatutal intniti"enoaa which is credited by some to the insane. Besides, it was quite true that Grass hopper Sam had no hands to speak of; whereas, before his accident, Tom's had been tho lightest in the stable. no still, liowovor, persisted in his refusal, only less firmly than before. I' I'd put you up willingly, my lad," he said, " but your nerves are not fit for it, aud I couldn't run the risk of your break ing down." " Look'oe, sir," pleaded poor Tom, more earnestly than ever, " juBt you test me. Let me rido Firefly in a trial, and if I don't handle tho filly to your satisfaction- that shall bo the ond of it. But I know her mouth as Well as my own ; I do, indeed." The trainer regarded Tom very keenly, and stroked his heavy chin with his hand, in a meditative attitudo. At last he said, suddenly : _ " Bight, my lad. You shall ride a trial, and that shall settte it. Be hero to-morrow morning at 6 sharp." Theidiot-uttered an ardent cry of grati tude that was truly touching, and, -falling upon his knees in front of Dixon, caught one of "the latter's hands in both his own ' and tried to kiss it. " Come, I say," said the trainer, hastily, drawing his band away. " This won't do, you know. Get up', my lad, like a man. You must control yourself better than that; else you'll never do to rido Fire- fly" . . Tom rose quickly to his feet at these words. " Never fear, sir," he exclaimed. " I can be a man again — for the Cambridge shire. But for nothing else — for nothing else, God help mo !" " Very well," replied Dixon, clearing hia throat with a modest cough. " Good morning. To-morrow, mind — 6 a.m. sharp." "I'll be hero, sir. And God bless you for your kindness, Air. Dixon. I'll not break- down in tho trial; 'cos, you know, it's a trial for tho Cambridgeshire — the Cambridgeshire !" He repeated the word, and lingered on it lovingly, as he quitted the office. Dixon watched' him out with a slightly-moistened eye. "Tut, tut," he said to himself. "I wonder if I've been a.. 'soft. No, No! I believe that' poor devil Will do it. He's as sane ns I am in this particular matter, and .his hands are Al. ' Georgo — George — damn yon, George, "hy can't you answer mo when I call you, you son of a gun. Send me Grasshopper Sam." Next morning, soon after 6 o'clock, be fore the ..October day had fairly dawned, Mr. Dixon and Firefly's owner were out on the Heath' to' witness tho filly's trial, with Cambridgeshire Tom up. The trainer, ; although lie expressed confidence, was in- ' wardly very nervous as to what the idiot might do; but ho had taken every precau tion against a possible accident, and had stationed a couple of . mounted stable-boys forward, who had orders to stop' Firefly in case she. proved unmanageable under lier now rider. , Bub, as the event proved, there was no ground for alarm. Tom handled the 'filly -to perfection, and whenatthoend, without application of whip or Bpur, she shot out like an arrow and won her trial by several lengths,- Dixou slapped his corded thigh ' with a soundiug smack, aud " By G 1" he cried, " he shall ride her on Weduea- ' day." "And ho'll win, too!" said Firefly's owner, whoso ruddy face had deepened to purple with oxcitoinent.- " I- say; Dixon,. I'll have a monkey on. tho filly ; and if it comes off— as by Jupiter it will, with that cbap . up — I'll, split the winnings with you." And it did couio off. And Mr. Dixon .and Firefly's, owner were in the soventh heaven of ejation. But poor Tom— whether from tho reaction- following on hia. strong excitement, or from some other cause— re- lapsed immediately after tho race into a . more imbecile state than over: "Come! come!" said Dixon, to tho un happy lad, supposing that this extraordi narily sudden change must have been partially fissuraed, " you must pull your self together, Tom. Think how splendidly you rode thut race." " Race — race ?" muttered tho idiot. " What race ? All, yes ; the Cambridge shire. But that is over, "and I am over with it — till noxtyear — till next year 1" " God help him !" soliloquised Dixon, turning away, and coughing huskily. Damned if.it ain't the saddest thing I ever soo'd. And snch hands as ho's got 1 It's too downright melancholy for any thing." A few months went by, and peoplo bogai; to miss Cambridgeshire Tom's familiar figure from tho streets of Now market. " W here's tho poor devil gone ?" asked ono of another. And tho answer was always tho samo : " I don't know." That he had left tho ' neighbourhood was, how ever, certain. For Dixon, auxiouB to do anything that he could for tho unhappy lad, took overy possible step to discover bis whereabouts, but without result. "I tell you what it is," said the trainer to a friend, about tho middle of tho next summer. " It's my boliof that poor Tom's dead. But if ho.is alive, mind you — which I am afraid ho ain't — ho'll turn up by the middle of October, in time for the ' Cambridgeshire. I'd stake my head on it. " Supposing he shouldn't," auswored the friond, with a grin. " It would bo a new experience for you to lose your head, Dixon." " Ah 1 But it ain't nothing to make jokes upon," replied the trainer, gravely. " I can scarcely j;hink of the poor lad without blubboring. It's taken that hold upon mo that I can't shake it off. Such a future as ho had boforo him — and such, hands 1 'Pon my Sam, life is a pnzzler 1" When the autumn came round, and tho Cambridgeshire drew near, Dixon began to grow very restless and excited. He had a sort of presontiment that Tom would turn up in timo for tho race. And ho deter mined, in that event, to let the idiot ride Claude Duval, their light-weight candidate. But if Tom did not come, or if whon he came he seemed evidently incapable of riding, Dixon decided that he would not send the colt 0 the - .post at all. For Clande Duval was without a friend at 80 ' to I, and, though ho ouiy had to carry fist, was not considered nearly " class enough" for a race like the Cambrideshire. " Ail tho sam'e," reflected Dixon, " if Tom does tarn up and ride, there's no saying what. mightn't happen. There's a kind of spell about that chap and the Cam bridgeshire which is very pecooliar. And I'd back him for something" handsome, whatever he wo3 on." The days passed quickly by, and tho ovo of the Cambridgeshire arrived, but Tom nover came, and Dixon at last abandoned all hope and made up his mind that Claude Dayal must bo scratched. When he came to this conclusion — for he had the owner's carte blanche -to do with the colt as he thonglit best — 110 was sitting in his offico, late on the Tuesday evening, writing his letters for tho night mail. While- thus occupied he was disturbed by a rap at the door, and, in reply to his wither surly "Come in," someone turned the handle and entered. Dixon looked-up ; ho shaded his eyes with liis hand: his gaze was riveted on the new-comer, and a queer sen sation passed over him. Ho believed, for the minnte, tbat ho was face to face with a ghost— the ghost of Cambridgeshire Tom. The error was pardonable. -No living man surely was ever so shrunk and shrivelled, so haggard, weird, and unearthly. He wa&. bent and huddled together, as though with age, and his foeble" legs trembled for very weakness. But a keen, vigorous light burned in bis hollow eyes, and his voice came oat strong and earnest : — " So hero I am, you see, at last — jnst in time !" . " Yes, Tom. Hero yon are at last." And whore the devif have you been hiding yourself all tiu3. ago?"' Tho idiot shook his head and- shuddered. ' " Don't. ask me, sir; don't ask me. I'ye '-"bbbn living in -a "feaffpl, overwhelming blackness. And it was only yesterday, all of a sudden, that I came to myself, and remembered — just in timo — just in time. You'll put me up to ride to- morrow, sir ?" Tho idiot spoke ontreatingly, and yet with a certain confidence, as though ho know that his request would be granted. " Bat, my poor lad, you look too ill and weak," said Dixon, surveying him com passionately. "You will never have tho strength to ride." " Strength ?" criod tho other, excitedly. " Yes, yes. I have the strength of a giant — for the Cambridgeshire. Put me up, sir; for God's sake put mo up." It will be Alio last time; and I shall win. Voices here " (placing his hand to liis- forehead), ''are tolling me that I 'shall ride And win my last race to- morrow." : " Woll, we'll soo how yon aro in tho morning," said Dixon, soothingly. "If you seem pretty lit— but not othorwiso — you shall ride Claude Dnvftl." \- " Ha 1" exclaimed tho idiot, with glow ing faco, hugging himself in an ecstasy of delight, "Claude. Duval — tho iron-grey "colt, by Dick Turpin out of Brown Bess 1 . That is what. the voicos have whispered to me all day, that I shall ride to victory on r an iron-grey colt to-morrow. Thank God 1 thank GodT Now I know, that there is no mistake." " xon regarded him with a kind of awe. Ho folt — as ho.aftorwards said-— as though ho .were in . tho presence of something supernatural,- which carried him along with it in spite of himsolf, and made him like a puppet in tho hands of fate. "And I could no more have said he couldn't ride Claude Duval," the trainor would observe in telling the story, ""than if I'd been a babo as wasn't yet duo, so to speak." Tho next day came, and the hour for tho famous handicap arrived. It had got abroad that Cambridgeshire Tom had come, and wob going to rido ; and an excite- mentgreater than usual prevailed'on every hand. Claude Duval's price had already considerably shortened, for the super stitious (a term which included throe parts, of tho botting-mea on tho courso) had hastened to stake their money on Tom's ' mount. The seventeen horses cantered to tho starting-post amid a half-suppressed mur muring of ton thousand voicoB- — a murmur ing -which BWolled into a shout of ".They're off 1" as tho flag fell to a'fair start. It was just at this minute that two men camo hurrying on to tho Heath in a state of fervent perturbation. "Can you tell mo," asked ono, breath lessly, of a bystander, " whether the man they call Cambridgeshire Tom is really riding in this raco ?" " Aye. There ho comes — h iin in tho pi nk with green sleeves — just taking third plnco now," answered the fellow, without re- - moving his eyes from the race. " My God!" exclaimed the other. " There will be somo terrible accident. Do they know that he's mad — dangerously, in curably mad?" " Bless you, wo all know ho's boon mad for years. But ho gets sane agai u j ust for the Cambridgeshire. Rum thing, ain't it? Look at him now — how he's riding that in fernal wretch of acolt! There ain't nothing lunatic about that, I'll 6wcar." " We novor found out who lib was till this morning. He lias been a pauper lunatic in asylum at X. for six months and more ; one of our worst cases. Ho nearly murdered - an attendant in oscaping yesterday." Bnt the other did not hoar. He was fol lowing the raco with straining eyes and rapt attention. "See 1 See 1 He's challenged the leader. It's a neck and neck finish 1 By God 1 he'll do it — no he won't — yes he will 1 Great heavens 1 he's done it— he's done it !'\ As he spoke the winner's number — Claude Duval's— was hoisted: It was,- greeted with such a roar of exultation "as has never bpon heard on the Heath before or since. "" They crowded round Tom, and lifted him from the saddle, for he wiis too' exhausted to move. Hia eyes were half-closed, his hand pressed to his head, his chin lolling, forward on- his breast. "I've won — I've- won," he murmured. - "Tho race is over, and — the— darkness — is — coming — back." He (staggered and fell. Dixon caught him and held him. inK his nrms. At first they thought that he had fainted. But they soon realised . . . " His " race was, in fact, over, and the darkness had really come. 