MUSIC AND THE DRAMA. [Bt 11 GaxxxJaHa.'] The two concerts given dnring the week by Mias Frost's pupils were Encceseful from most points, and the talented lady mutt feel pleased with the results. There must neces sarily be a large amount of anxiety where young performers are coacerned, lest they ahould loae their heada through nervousness acd ' fall ic,' but, happily, they were in the preaent instance too well grounded for this. There was a very marked im provement in the individual performance of each pupil aa compared with tho last con cert, cot only aa regards firmness end evennesB ol touch ana general technique, but also in their grasp of the subject and its tasteful rendition. It would be invidious to particularise certain performers where all tried so bard to please, but 1 was somewhat impressed with the amount of real talent some of the yonng people are developing. A pleating novelty wrb intro duced by way of lwo grand pianofortes played in harmoay by two aud fourpcrsonB, the pitch of tone being exact, aud the effect great fulnesB and rotundity. Two pro* grammes (mostly pianoforte) of twenty numbers each, aaa seven cncores being allowed in one evening wae, however, ratber extravagant, especially with the distraction earned by two or threBihoodlnmo ic the back seats talking out loud and otherwise annoy ing the audience nearly the whole time the concert was in prcgreBE, while no attempt was made to eject tbe offecders. If some guarantee that these drawbacks will be obviated at future entertainments, were ocly given atill greater fucc*B8 would be aaeured. The Philharmonic Society is to produce Oowen'a cantata of ' Tbe Rose Maiden ' at the Mechanics' Institute on Taeeday evening, and, according to all accounts, we may ex pect a treat. Tbe new amateur operatic company iB fairly under way, aud the members make their debut in ' Tbe Gondoliers.' A musical and dramatic entertainment is to be given shortly in aid of St. Joseph's Band. A good programme is being prepared, and as the band is always to the fore in any deserving cause tbe members should be re warded with a bumper house. Mr Walter Bentley ie to commence a short season at the Academy of Music the first Monday in July. I The news ot the death of Madame Lcoy I Chambers waa received here with profound 1 regret, Althongh not a native of thia oity the deceased lady, previrue to her departure for Italy to complete hu? musical etudirze, reBided here for aome years A few months back, on the oocasion of the benefit concert tendered to her at tho Melbourne Town Hall, when aherccmrcd euch an enthusiastic reception, 1 published paniculate cf the I deceased lady's Chieer, 6he returned from Italy under engagement to Messrs* Lyster and Smith, who introduced tbe first complete Italian Opera Oompany to the colonies, Madame Chambers ap peared in opera several times with muoh eucccBfi, and made a great hit as Maffeo Orsinl. Bbe afterwards turned her atten tion to teachir.g, and -Bis accomplished singer and pisniste soon made bef ftatk,and many brllllact vocalists owe their sticoesa to the tuition tbey received from Madame Obambera. Some years back the deceased lady and her husband, Signor Dondi, gave a couple of concerts at the Town Hall, which were much appreciated. Cathe- rine Hayes, the sweetest singer who ever visited this isle, was tho first, I have been informed, to fully recognise tbe great musical ability of Madame Chambers. By tbe way, I have heard it stated that Laun cesio&ians; do not appreciate talent. When, however, Miss Catherine Hayes appeared here crowds, 1 am told, flocked to hear the great singer, though the prices were £1, 10a, acd 6b. The Londoh Gaiety Oompany open at the Melbourne Princeis at Eaater, Mr J. O. Williamson has made several engagements in London for the next Princess Christmas pantomime. Miss Alice Baker will be prin cipal girl, Mies Florric Robina principal boy, and Mr Alfred Baker leading comedian in tbe new cwt. The Australian manager haa also securcd the original series of Killaay's pictures for tableaux vivanit, ia having the frames and models constructed with the greatest c&rc;, acd bas devoted three weeks to tbe Hghtiug effects alone. Tbe girls engaged for these teUecvx vivantt have been chosen from the pick of the artists' models in the London studios. Mr. William Elton, the well-known comedian, may soon be expected in Australia. By joining lirKenna and Mr J. l\ Macmabon, Mr Klton has not only got 'Morocco Bound,' but a new burlesque entitled ?' Dou Quixote,' which was written 6peeially for Mr Arthur Roberts, and was originally produced by tliat inimitable comedian. Mr Elton has also beeu able to secure the colonial rights of one or two American pieccs. On Saturday night last, April 21 (writes the London correspondent of the Argus'), Mr James Corbett ' champion of the world,' otherwise known as Pompadour Jim,' appeared as the bright particular star at Drurv-lane in an American play entitled ' Gentleman Jack.' There was a crowded and enthusiastic audience, prominent among whom, in a private box, pat Ihe Duke of Teck, and in the stalls Charles Mitchell, the English pugilist, whom Corbel t rcoentlv ?' knocked out. ' in three rounds. Corbett is in the very prime of early man hood (he is only 25), and the actual champion of the world, but lie lurns out to | be, if not a heaven-born actor, a decidedly intelligent aud presentable fellow, who ' looks, and in fact acts ' Gentleman Jack ' to the life. True, it is a very poor kind of j play, but Corbett is supported by what may be called an excellent 'variety company. | The great scenc, that of the prize-fight for j the championship (in which, by the way, j our old friend Jem Mace appears upon the stage as one of the seconds.-, at the | Olympic Club, New Orleans, is one of the j most realistic scenes ever put on the stage. The Melbourne Princcss was crowded on ? Saturday night to welcome back the \ Williamson Opera Company. The popular | ' Vicar of Bray ' went as well as it did \ when it was first produced last year. The ' one-act operetta of ' Penelope ' was also produced. 'l'encJope' js a musical adaptation, by Messrs Hawtrc.v and Solo mon, of the old farce ' The Area Belle,' and ' though (sa\s the Argus critic) it canuot be ' said to materially add to the laurels of the composer of 'The Vicar of Brav.' the comicalities, especially in the supper and ghost bcenes, called forth roars of laughter, and will ensure its popularity. Songs, mostly of the drawing-room or music-hall description, with occasional humorous allusions to other well-known strains, are , divided amongst the five characters. Mr Alfred J. Eyre, who has been I organist at the Crystal Palace for the laat . ; fourteen years, has had to resign through 1 ill-health. The directors in accepting his ! resignation have expressed their regret and ? alwD their high appreciation of Mr Evrc's leng and lojal service. Mr Walter* W. ' Hedgcock has been appointed organist and accompanist in the place of Mr Eyre. j The committee of tbe Melbourne Philhar- } ; monic Society have arranged with Madame : I Belle Cole's Concert Company to produce ' I the oratorios 'Messiah' and 'Elijah' in ? the Melbourne Town-Hall on June 21 and , June 25 respectively. Madame Belle Cole, 1 Mies Emily Spada, Mr Philip Newbury, and Mr Charles Magratb will be the principals, and they will be supported by a chorus and orchestra numbering 3D0 persons. Mr George l'eake will act as conductor, MrG. B. Fentum as organist, and Mr H. Curtis as leader. An analysis of the 13.GG9 signatures in the visitors' book at Shakspoare's birthday for the year ended March 31 last shows that 38 different nationalities were represented. England and Wales coniributed 10.779 of t these pilgrims, America 16b2. Scotland 2'Ji), I Ireland 20G, Germany 108, Canada 5-G, Aus ! tralia 87, India G7, Africa G3, France 53, , New Zealand 3G. Four each came from j Japan, Java, and Portugal, but only two ! from China and Egypt, and one from Den j mark. 