THE BATHURST CATHEDRAL. BISHOP QUINN MEMORIAL WINDOWS. His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst, has enriched the Cathedral of SS. Michael and St. John, and honoured the memory of the first venerable Bishop of the diocese by the erection of two sanctuary windows. This graceful act is not only a tribute of reverence to his distinguished predecessor but also a personal testimony of affec tionate remembrance for Dr. Byrne served Dr. Quinn faithfully both as a zealous priest and as a trusted Vicar- General. Other windows, the gifts of Mr. John Meagher and family and Miss O'Con nor have also been placed in the cathedral. The following particulars are interesting : — The new windows, which are from the celebrated English Catholic establishment of John Hardman, Birmingham, are worthy to be named with the splendid examples of this art in St. Mary's Cathe dral, Sydney. They are equally admirable for beauty, design and richness of colouring. Over the High Altar is an oriel window, having in the centre a dove, representing the Holy Ghost. A scroll underneath this window solicits a prayer for the donors — Mr. John Meagher and his family. On each side of the High Altar is a large lancet window. The one on the Gospel side has a picture of Our Lord of the Sacred Heart and scroll with the words 'Jesus Meek and Humble of Heart.' The large window on. the Epistle side of the altar shows a figure of St. Matthew the Evangelist. Beneath each of the figures is the form of an angel holding a scroll, and at thefootof each window may be read the words ' Pray for the Soul of the Right Rev. Matthew Quinn, first Bishop of Bathurst.' A window over the altar of St. Joseph contains a figure representing the holy patron of labour, and has the same inscription beneath as the large windows. Above the altar of the Blessed Virgin is a window, from which the sweet face of the Mother of the Redeemer and Redeemed beams down, and the one to the extreme right has St. Anne as the subject. This window is the gift of Miss Mary Ann O'Connor. All, with the exception of those given by the late Miss O'Connor and Mr. John Meagher, are the gift of the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, and cost £300. The whole of the improvements to the cathedral have been carried out under the super vision of Mr. J. J. Copeman, the architect, the con tractors being Messrs. Jones and Sons. 