? DOUGHS SLADEN posed as the Australian laureate in America. No man is a prophet in his own country, nor a poet either—certainly Sladen wasn't. Aw. SMART is the name of the Melbourne architect who has invented a new process of burning pictures on wood. It is impossible to say he is not 'Alf Smart, anyhow. LORD ROSEBEET has three predecessors in liis position as Premier of England who were wifeless. Ueaconsfield was a widower, Lord Melbourne a divorced man, and Pitt a bachelor. H. J. CUST, M.P., is Astor's editor in the Pall Mill Gazelle office. He has had little experience as a journalist, but Astor's millions uake up for what Cust may lack as a litterateur. R>E. ARTHUR RENWICK, the fussy little man who nossed the job for New South Wales at the Chicago Show, has got his heart's delight at last, and is now Sir Arthur Renwick. He wouldn't be happy till he got it. Knighthoods are going very cheap. EDMUN-D YATES left orders that his body was to be cremated. Few journalists see the necessity of leaving directions that they Ehall be consigned to fire after death—they take it for granted. LOUD ROSEUEIIY is as peculiar as Gladstone in the matter of collais. The Rosebery collar is in fact more remarkable than that of the G O.M ., and only waits for the caricaturists to make it notorious. TOLSTOI,although living like a poor shoemaker himself, allows his wife and children all the comforts of their rank and position. The Countess is wealthy and is not a proselyte of her husband's. MILLIONAIRE CARNEGIE lias recently given £25,000 to the unemployed of Pittsburg. Carnegie is inconsistent in everything; only the other day he was fighting these same unemployed tooth and nail. MRS CAMPBELL PRAED, the successful Queensland novelist, is just out with another story, "Christina Chard." She is said to be tall, slight of figure, with dark hair and a deathly-pale face. Her husband is part proprietor of Black and White. NEWNES, of Tit Bits fame, the originator of the piratical penny papers, has been offered a baronetcy, Newnes lives on what he can borrow. Tit Hits, and the Pictorial Magazine arecribbings, and cribs from the French are one of the features of the Strand Magazine. Newnes has refused the title. He ia satisfied witb his own name despite its Newnes. PRINCE HENRY OF BATTENBEKA.theQuoen's sonin-law, has been touring in the Riviera under the incognito of " Mr. Henry Butcher." He should for the future be known as the cat's-meat inan. HENRIETTA WATSON goes to England in September. It is said that she has refused seven offers of marriage since she has been in Australia. She is not a marrying girl, but lives for her art, and means to make a big name in it. IRVING, Terry, Tree, and most of the prominent serious actors of England, are tall men, whilst the low comedy men are low in stature. Tree is sixfoot, Irving five feet ten. Toole is about five foot four, financially, though, Toole is not Bhort. ISAAC PITMAN, at 83, receives a knighthood for his services in popularising shorthand. Better late than never, they say, and we suppose the recipient of the honour in this case is expected to find comfort in the idea that " Sir Isaac Pitman" will look well on a tombstone. LORD " RANDY" CHOUCHILL i6 winning a reputation as a brilliant conversationalist. Many men who can make speeches of a high order cannot simply cannot talk. At the same time Churchill is an illustration of the fact that a man may be a bright talker and an uncommonly dull writer. JUSTICE YAUGHAN WILLIAMS, during the bearing of the examination of the directors of the New Zealand Loan Company, asked Sir Thomas Paine, of the well-known London firm of solicitors., t.o produce his firm's bill of costs. The bill was handed up, and proved to be a formidable document. His Honour looked it over with comical concern, weighed it in his hand, and then asked witb judicial gavity : " Is there an index to this ?" GOVERNOR ROHINSON, of West Australia, has no recreation in the dead-and-alive capital but in writing comic operas. They say that when one of his Ex's operas is produced nearly all Perth goes to see it, because of the pleasure they experience in leaving the theatre when it is over. MR. W. P. CRICK, M.L.A., of Sydney, N.S.W., finds that even the privileges of M.i'.'s are limited, and that the legislator who ignores the orders of a court of law is as liable to have his corpus seized and stored in "quod" as any common man. Mr. Crick is a round-headed heavy gentleman, with a pugilistic style of oratory. Itwashewho" Jludgee" Haynes decorated with a black eye on an historical occasion. Mr. Crick claims exemption from an order of ea sa on the ground that he is a member of Parliament, and that if he is imprisoned the country will be deprived of his services. It is rough on the country perhaps, but Crick will either have to stump up or go up. Probably his iattiotiem will induce him to pay—he will never Jeave his country to its fate for the sake of a few hundred pounds. RCDTADD KIPLING is off to the Bahamas after literary material. His next book i6 a collection of beast stories. Rudyard is much more interesting when dealing with men and women than with the animals of the jungle, but the present tremendous craze for his stuff is indiscriminate, and he is paid a great deal better for the work he is now turning out than he was for the brilliant writings that made him famous. The public p\ys through the nose for reputations now-auays. MABK TWAIN in the American Review tells of the discovery by a prominent scientist of a storv almost identical with " The Jumping Frog of Calveras County " in Greek almost 2000 years' old. So that some of the jokes of the Yankee humorist approach those of the average panto mime for antiquity. WILLIAM IJOLLOWAV, Essie Jenyns' step-father, and an old friend of Australian playgoers, is saiii to be about to venture on the stormy sea ut theatrical management in London. Ligh: materials and light uien are all the theatrica. rage in the Big Smoke now. William's greatest enemy could not accuse him of being light. " WHERE art thou, my beloved son, Where art thou, worse to me than dead ?" Are words of Wordsworth, which Patterson migh' mutter to himEelf when he thinks of his colleague Reid. Where is that globe-trotting man of wai and woollens F Whither wandereth that hero ni a hundred fights — with knives and forks at banquets? " Bobbie, where art thou?" When last heard of, he was at Washington with Coxie's army, but since then the labour leader haF, in the most humiliating manner, been "sent to quod." Was Reid sent with him, as one of the army? If not, where is he? It is now some •weeks since anything definite was hc-ard of him. It strikes us forcibly that when Wrixon, Simon Eraser and Nick Fitzgerald go to Canada, tbev will go as Stanley went into Darkest Africa to look for Emin l'asha. One of the missions entrusted to Reid was to go to America to find a suitable railway manager. Really, though, it seems quite probable that wo shall have to engage a railway manager or somebody else to find lieid! MRS. LANE, the wife of Don Lane, the depose ! Czar of New Australia, returns to Australia Fein to recruit unmarried women for the settlement i i Paraguay; meanwhile the reports from the Nei- Utopia are not of a character to fill respectable girls with any desire to go settling in Soui'.i America. One correspondent mentions in a casu: t way that an exchange of husbands and wives h; s not been wantingto prove thattheNew Australia! s have the courage of their Communistic principli PATTERSON'S knighthood was a genuine surpri E to him. Ho had not even been asked whether ; would like one. He woke one morning, so • speak, and found himself a K.C.M.G. He lieani of it in this way: On Saturday morning t> o reporters were waiting to see hiui when '..e arrived at his office. " Stop a minute, boys," E:I I he, "the Governor wants me at the telephone • n official business." He stepped round to t'.e telephone, and came back a few minutes afti r- ivards, smiling all over his face, and looking ior all the world as though he had been enjoying .n excellent joke. "Just step in here," said he to the waiting Ecribes, who were wondering wl.it was the matter. "Well, Sir. Patterson ' commenced one of them. " Sir James Patters- n. if you please," said he, with a laugh, " i > Governor informs me by telephone that II er Majesty has been pleased to confer upon me t if honour of knighthood." Then there were ci a gratulations all round, and J. B.—Sir J. B., li-jr pardon—was in such a good temper that he poui sd forth an authentic forecast of tbe Governi ri speech as a special plum for the evening journals. That was how Patterson heard of his knight hood. PAKKES and Dibbs are busy calling each other names " and throwing mud with all the zest of ,,| itical two-year-olds. Sir 'Enry says Sir George \- " utterly unable to think out any subject, or to .iily propound any subject." Sir George replies -n flowing language which goes to prove that at mH he has thought out Parkes, and is able to con- . mid him with the force and talent of a Queens- .and stockman :— Parkfs says that Dibba is void of grace, And Dibbs says, *' You're another !" Each shakes his fist, and pulls a face. And slangs bis kingly brother. The. public mind congratulates Both on their clever estimates. Tin; Rev- Mr. Stewart's complaints in resigning iiu his position as convener of the committee iu •nnectiou with the Presbyterian charity work IT very touching, and show that gentlemen of ,,,. I'resbvteriSn Assembly live in glass houses, nil cannot afford to throw stones even at Sydney ..wliamentarians. "I have been libelled in the 'ress by one prominent member of the comi.ittee." says Mr. Stewart. • " I have been in my .la,'!' as chairman among you threatened with .clonal violence by another prominent person, ),,, moderator designate of the General Assembly, vim ran wild-eyed across the floor to shake his •i.-nolied fist under my nose." Whei. M.P.'s and •ouncillors forget themselves in this way the cople, the Press and the parsons are dreadfully hocked. The councillors and the M.P.'s are _->ateful to the "unco 1 guid " gentlemen of the I'n'fliyterian Assembly for demonstrating that of passion now arid then may happen in in- best of men. l'lifiFESBon MARSHALL HAIL on his friends, ;i(.» eiitics: "Jt is wrong to be malicious, but stupidity is a crime." Is the Professor criminal ,1 merely malicious? Mr. Hall is not stupid; • veil the most confirmed critic must admit that, lie is a man with a lofty ideal, and that ideal is . I'n.fHssor Marshall Hall. 'In his endeavour to live up to himself—or his idea of himself—the Professor overlooks the possibility of anybody i'!-p knowing anything, and that is where he Perpetrates an error of judgment. Mr. Hall was iianl on the Age and Argus special musical experts in his most recent letter, so hard that both papers • iiiiti- ignored the outburst, although they made lunch of his previous diatribes. He says it requires the ill-tutored, miserably-affected stylo of !i mediocre ballad singer to arouse the Argus critic's enthusiasm, and continues, " It may be ridiculous ignorance of the professional critics in Melbourne, when they are in reality beneath : erinus notice." Mr. Hall asserts that his object is to reform the critics, to bring them to musical sulcatum, and we may presently see those gentlemen howling out their remorse at the Professor's p'nitent form. He is going to establish a conf-rvatoire of music in Melbourne, which, we take ii. is a sort of conservatory or hot-houso for the cultivation of musical critics. When the Protestor grows hi6 own critics, we may be sure full ;md complete justice will be done him. iNbcEDTABLK are the ways of spirits, but it is v uicwhat disquieting to find, so far as our little knowledge goes—which small sum we owe largely to the efforts "of Mr. D. M'Alpine—that the inhabitants of the subsequent, the wanderers on the meads of asphodel, are liable to the same weaknesses and errois as we poor mortals. Mr. .M Alpine, in a paper he read before the Psychical lie-parch Society the other night, discribed his experiences with a number of spooks in the unroiiiantii: locality of Prahran. • Through the agency of a medium there, he says he saw at least a dozen celestial figures. All were clothed "in white, '.'listening garments," many spoke to the audience, one shook hands with Mr. M'Alpine, and another, described as"Geordie Thompson of Aberdeen," spoke with a thick, Scotch burr, and ate bannocks oiven hiui by one of the audience. Bannock is Scotch for oat-cake. It was taken for granted that Geordie " fra Aberdeen," though a disem- '" ulied goblin, would retain his natural tastes :— He was a brawny spirit, From the Land-o'-cakes he'd come, At Prahran ho paid a visit To a local med-i uni. And he entertained a party At the bidding of his host. With his tunny Scottish stories, l'or he was a comic ghost. And lii6 Caledonion patter Pleased the ladies and electors— They rejoiced to hear their di'lect Was the language of the spectres. So they complimented Geordie, Gave his hand some hearty shakes, And they fed him up and filled him Full of old, dry, oaten cakes. Then they thought they'd done their duty— Which implies that they were green— When they'd fed a lot of bannocks To a ghost fra' Aberdeen. Little know they how he snorted To some friends up near the moon— " Not a single drap o' whusky Did I get to wash itdoon!" The tide is beginning to turn strongly in the direction of prosperity on the railways, and for the past few weeks receipts have exceeded those for the same weeks of last year. It is only fair to remember that this is necessarily due to the policy of ex Commissioner Kibble and his colleagues. The new Commissioners reap the benefit, but, recollect, since they have been in place they have not done a single thing beyond carrying out the policy of their predecessors. They reap what they have not sown. Of course, we are all glad of that for the sake of the country, but it isn't fair to forget to whom the credit is due. Syder eats the loaf, but Kibble ploughed the field. THEY have an officer called an Inspector of Bores in New South Wales. We have an idea that his duties are confined to the Legislative Assembly. 