A GHOSTLY ADVENTURE. [By Geo. Potoing Spabks. j It was a raw, cold afternoon. The rain an l fog hid all but the nearest objects from sight. It was in the city of London, and it was typical Loudon weather. In a private parlor of a large hotel a man was reading a newspaper. The reader’s name was Tercy Waxbridge. He was of the medium height, strong and sinewy, with hair worn a little longer than fashion dic tates. The mouth stern, the eyes dreamy, yet with a suggestion of latent fire in their glance. An artist; yet he was simply a business man, having been engaged in com mercial pursuits since bis boyhood. His history was a sad one. Left an orphan at an early age, he had been placed under the care of an uncle. As soon as it had been practicable he was sent to one of the great public schools. From school, where he had been distinguished for his drawing, he had gone to Australia. He had wished to study art after leaving school, but, as his father and mother had both died poor, he was forced into the world to seek his fortune. '}?t£n'iedu efforts. i'Voju into the Australian merchant. He had, like so many of his countrymen, always cherished the hope that at some time or other he would find it in hi3 power to go back to his old home. So now, as the cur tain rises, he found himself in England enjoying a well-earned repose. His ideas for the future were very vague. At first the rapture of being in England swallowed up everything else. But now a feeling of loueliness was beginning to creep over him The majority of his relatives had gone to America. His boyish friends had grown to men, and, in most cases, had wan dered away from Engloud. An indifference towards strangers had caused him to neglect using his letters of introduction, so now he was comparatively alone. He had thought, while on the steambr, that when he reached England he ought to take a wife and settle down ; but since his arrival not the slightest chance of the above felicity being realised had as yet presented itself. Wandering through streets haunted by genius and beauty in the morning, visiting picture galleries in the afternoon, and attending theatres in the evening, had effectually banished thoughts of home-making from his It was only on rainy days and gloomy afternoons that the question, ‘ What are you going to do after you have exhausted Lon don l ’ would obtrude itself. It was on such an afternoon that my short sketch begins. The streets grew darker and darker. The dank mist gradually settled over the house tops, and soon every vestige of daylight was gone. Just before the last glimmer died out, Percy Waxbridge jumped to his feet and brought the paper that he was reading to the window, and in the dim light read— 1 Splendid Property for Sale! The Oaks au old manor house in the North of Eng land ! Beautiful and picturesque scenery. Extensive grounds, outhouses, &c;„ kc. Apply to J. C. Caven, Lincoln’f Inn, or to Geoffrey Morgan, Esq., The Oaks, Bolton, Yorkshire.’ ‘ The very place I should like to settl, down in,’ he remarked. Binging the bell, he ordered the lamps to be lighted, and at once proceeded to pack a small valise. This done, he went downstairs and telegraphed to Mr. Morgan he would be at Bolton the next evening. At his solitary supper that evening he fell into musinp over future possibilities. * I wonder whether this Geoffrey Morgan has a daughter. It is about time I should meet my fate, if I ever do—-who knows 1 Old rhymers say that ‘every Jack has his Jell; or, what is truer, perhaps, that no Jill would ever think of having me.’ ’ It was much colder the next morning. An icy east wind was roaring outside. Foot passengers, nipped with the cold, hurried by. Such was the sight that met Waxbridge as he pulled the curtains and looked out. But there, was no time for bemoaning the weather, Hurriedjy dressing, he ran downstairs. After a hasty breakfast he hailed the first cab, and was. driVen at topmost speed to the railway station, caught, by great good luck, his train, and was soon bowling along to the North. I By George i it was a close shave,’ ha puffed. ‘ Better late than 1 Waxbridge stopped, for he saw, for the first time, he was not alone in the carriage, and he did not care to be taken for an escaped lunatic. II beg your pardon,’ he added, turning to the stranger, 11 thought I was alone.’ ‘No harm done,’ replied the other. ‘I suppose you were congratulating yourself on your narrow escape.’ ‘ That is just it. It would have been ex ceedingly awful if I had missed the train, I should have had to wait till to-morrow.' ‘ Indeed I Then you are going to a place wnere trains are a rarity 2' ‘Well, not exactly. I have to make several connections. I go first to York, then change to a smaller road and go as far as Bolton, where I expect a carriage that will take me to my destination,’ replied Percy. ‘ How very odd !’ mnttcred his companion. 1 May I ask what family you are coins to stay with at Bolton2’ Waxbridge looked at the stranger in sur prise. He saw a tall, spare man, with keen, pey eyes, and close-cropped whiskers. A lawyer, thought Waxbridge,. and he was not mistaken. * Pardon my curiosity,’ continued his com-, pamon; ‘ but as I, too, am going to Holton, lud know most of the people in the plao% [. thought it would bo- pleasanter to know sach other. My card,** he added, handing it to waxbridge, who took it, and, to his great surprise, read—'* J. C. Caven, Lincoln’s Inn.” ‘ Why, you are one of the men I want tp lee 1* laughed Percy. 1 I am staying at the Royal. I have just got back ffom Australia, .i My name is Percy Waxbridee. I have been ■away from England for fifteen years, and now I have decided to settle down. I came across your advertisement yesterday about a house in Yorkshire—the Oaks, 1 think it was—and I at once made up my mind to . come and see it. So here I am.’ ‘ Quite right,’returned the lawyer. ‘I.ook before you leap.’ * But I should like to know something about the place. Can’t you favor me V I Certainly; I am the agent for the pro perty, It belongs to a Colonel Hornblower, who is anxious to sell it. The terms are very reasonable, and, I assure you, when you have seen the Oaks you will say there is no pret tier spot in England. It is occupied at pre sent by a Mr. Geoffrey Morgan and his daughter Edith, with the understanding, . thowever, that as soon as a tenrnt can be found they will leave. The house,’ he con tinued, * although an old one, is very com fortable. The grounds are somewhat neg lected, but a hundred or so will set them tight. The house stands on an elevation averlooking some of the best views in the ■ country. There are-—’ ‘ Say no more 1’ interrupted Waxbridge. ‘If the half is true of what you say I shall be satisfied. But now to what is most im portant in the affair—the terms.’ II cannot tell you till you have passed a night under its roof. It is a queer demand, but I am acting under orders.’ ‘ Decidedly queer. I should say the owner wub eccentric,’rejoined Percy. ‘But I can wait till the morning.’ Conversation kept the men busy till they reached Rugby. Here half an hour was al lowed for lunch. When they again entered their carriage they were on the best of terms. Waxbridge roused himself from his usual in difference, while the lawyer, on bis part, took off his mask of professional gravity, and soon j the carriage re-echoed with peals of ringing ■ laughter-—mo much so that a violent rapping \- some irate passenger in the adjoining compartment told them to restrain their The winter day drew rapidly to its close. The weather had moderated very much, and it was again raining. • You have a caustic tongue,’ laughed his companion; • but I do not tnink any ghost will keep me from the Oaks.’ ‘ Waxbridge,’ continued the lawyer, earn estly, ‘I trust you will, under no.circum stances, ever mention what I have just told you. If it ever reached the ears of Colonel . Hornblower I should instantly be dismissed from his service. Because I look upon you as a gentleman and a man of the world I have told you of the mystery that hangs over the house.’ ‘ You can depend on me. I will never tell anyone, However, I should like to know Bnt the engine, with a piercing stream, drew up at the little station of Rolton. It was now quite dark. There were seve ral carriages waiting. ‘ This way, Waxbridge I’ exclaimed the / lawyer, as he led the way to a rather dingy vehicle. 1 Are we far from the Oaks ?’ inquired Percy, when they were seated. ‘ No ; only about two miles.’ The journey had pretty well tired both men—so much so that they were totally un conscious that they were rapidly approach ing their destination. Presently the driver, with a ‘Whoa! steady 1’drew up his horses. •At last!’ exclaimed the lawyer. Then, tugging at his companion's coat, he shouted —■ Welcome to the Oaks I’ ‘ By Jove I I must have fallen asleep,” yawned Percy, as he grasped his valise. The lawyer had already descended, and was approaching the entrance, when the door was thrown open, and a ruddy Btream of light was thrown into the gloom. 1 Good evening, Mr. Caven. I am delighted to see you. You have brought bad weather with yon this time.’ The speaker was a white-haired"old gentle man, with a grave, refined face, and a voied of.singular sweetness. • Thank you. You are right; it is most detestable weather. But you are expecting another gentleman, a Mr. Waxbridge?’ 1 No, I think not,’ replied Mr. Morgan, for it was he who spoke. ‘He telegraphed yesterday; but it makes no difference. Let me introduce him. Mr. Morgan, Mr. Waxbridge. Now, shall we have time to dress for dinner V {*.' Ample. Dinner is at your disposal.’ '•We sha'n’t keep you long, depend on -* J * J-liOrlAW’jyetr. as, with Wax servant'up a flight of steps. ‘ Is my room ready, Thomas V ‘ Oh, yes, sir, all ready.’ ‘ And Mr. Waxbridge’s room ?’ ‘ Well, you see, sir, we did not expect com pany; but I’ll get the blue loom ready for him, sir.’ 1 That will do, and—Thomas ?’ ‘ I want yon to build a big fire in it—one that will last.’ ‘ Quite right, sir. Anything more, sir ?’ • No; only tell your master we will be down in twenty minutes.’ 1 Very good, sir.’ And Thomas withdrew. The guests soon completed their toilet and hurried downstairs. The lawyer was the first to enter the drawing-room. — * Good evening. Mr. Caven.’ • Ah I good-evening, Miss Morgan.’ Percy turned in amazement; he had for gotten all about there being a Miss Morgan. He saw a young woman with dancing brown eyes, black hair, and a resolute little mouth. He had not time to notice more, for the lawyer, offering his arm to Miss Morgan, led the way to the dining-room. The meal was a merry one. Percy, being the onlystrangor, was soon made to feel at home. Indeed, he, cn his part, did his utmost to make a favorable impsession upon his host, and especially on his host’s daughter. They were all more or less travellers; so conversation never lagged. Yet was it fancy? Waxbridge somehow or other felt that Mibb Morgan was not happy. A wan, tired look would sometimes come on her face. < So yon and Mr. Caven met in a railway carriage,’ she exclaimed, turning to Wax bridge. ‘ How very fortunate !’ ‘ Then yon did not get my telegram V A merry laugh was the only answer. ‘ Telegram indeed 1 Why, it would take one a week to reach the Oaks.’ • My dear, you must not be so hard upon Eolton. The telegram has no doubt been unavoidably detained. You know it will Hot #o to run down the Oaks, because Mr. Wax bridge has come down perhaps to buy the property,’ explained her father, gently. Again that sad look passed over his daughter’s face. Recovering herself, she ‘ Ah I father, Mr. Waxbridge will think twice before letting anything so trivial as distance from London stand in the way. Beside,’ she added, ‘ they are going to make \- great improvements in our railroad next ‘ I assure you, MisT Morgan,’ remarked i • ,.. Percy, * that distance from London is not an abjection, but an inducement. Iam,although I have been engaged in commercial pursuits, something of an artist, and nothing will give me greater pleasure than to settle down in some quiet comer and try my hand once more at sketching.’ 1 If that is the case, you will have ample ~ opportunity to indulge in the amusement if you take the Oaks,’ remarked the lawyer. • There is no prettier spot in England.’ ‘You are right,’ chimed in their host. \--‘My daughter,’ turning to Waxbridge, ‘is quite an artist, and she will show-yon some of the most striking beauties to- morrow.’ Finally the meal was ended, and Miss Morgan rose and let the men to their cigars. • A fine old mansion, Mr. Morgan,’ re marked Waxbridge,, ‘ You ought to have it filled with people.’ ‘ Ah,’ would that it were 1’ returned his host. ‘ We are sometimes pretty lonely, bnt Edith and I are both wrapped up in the old place; bnt it is too large,’ continued he, quickly—* at least, for me, and it needs what I have hot—a long purse.’ 1 You are right, Mr. Morgan; it is altogether too large for only-you and your daughter. You ought to come to London!’ exclaimed the lawyer— ‘London? I think not. I have seen \- enough of the modem Babylon to last me my • lifetime,’ sadly remarked their host. ‘ Ah I there is no place like London—at least, in my opinion,’ said the lawyer. -At length the men left the table. The ether two lingering in the library, Percy made his way alone to the drawing-room. As he approached, he heard sounds of music. The door being open he went quietly in. It was a large roem, with oriel windows. The walls were hung with old engravings and portraits. The floor was covered with rags. A. roaring fire blazed on the hearth, sending bnt light- and beat. And something there was that lit up the faded beauty of the pic ■' taxes and redeemed the sombreness and • gloom of the shadows—Miss Morgan. ‘: She was witting at-the piano, playing s ■ dreamy German wilta* Waxbridge stood and listened. He seemed £o be listening to his life's history: his early hopes and bitter disappointments; his hard tight with the wt-rld and his ultimate success. Still, some thing seemed wanting. Hush! the melody was rising now. The trials and despair had fled away. In their place was a feeling of unrest. The music increased, and seemed to flood the room with pulsating life. It ran riot in its frantic ccstaeies. Nothing was wanting now; the something had been found. The jubilant sounds ceased, still Percy stood and listened. Recovering himself he “ I beg your pardon, Miss Morgan, but how witch-like you play I I never felt the power of music so strongly ns I did a few moments ago. It was as if you possessed the secret of enchantment.’ 1 Thank you for -the compliment ; but I hardly think I deserve it.’ 1 Pray don’t stop. I could listen all night to your playing.’ ‘ I am sure you could not; but here comes my father ano Mr. Caven.’ 1 Well, Waxbridge. have you been here all this time!’ asked the lawyer. ‘ Yes; listening to Miss Morgan play. I have had one of the greatest treats of my life,’ replied Percy. ‘ Indeed ! Strong language to use at first hearing,’ laughed the lawyer. ‘ But what is the use of strong language it we do not make use of it when necessary 7’ ‘ True,’ returned the lawyer. ‘ But, you know, young men are apt to be carried away | by sentiment Now, we lawyers never in dulge in that fine article.’ The evening passed pleasantly, and it was nearly eleven when the lawyer rose and ‘ It is about time for us to say good-night. Mr. Morgan, will you show Mr. Waxbridge to his room V The three mounted a flight of steps and I traversed a spacious hall. ' is. my room;*, salt! .the lawyer, as they passed an open door. * The blue room is not faT away,’ said their host. ‘ Here we are ’ And he turned the knob of a door only a few yar s distaut. ‘ You see, we are to be near each other,’ laughed the lawyer. “ I trust you are not affected with any nasal peculiarity.’ Striking a match, their host lighted two large candles. ‘ Now, if you should be in need of any thing,’ he said, turning to Percy, ‘just pull the bcli. You won’t forget, will you V ‘ Thank you ; 1 will remember,’ replied Waxbridge. ‘ Well, then, gentlemen, I will say good night.’ And Mr. Morgan left them. The lawyer soon after withdrew, and Percy was left alone. He found himself in a square room. The walls were in some parts hung with blue tapestry, which probably gave it its name. Theie was an old-fashioned four- past bed stead in one corner; several chairs were scattered here and there, while a wash-stand and writing-desk, completed the furniture of the room. There was one window—a large one—before which the curtains were half drawn. Thomas had not neglected his duty, and a well-made fire burned brightly. Percy had pulled a chair near to the fire, and was watching the flames leap and dance when he heard a knock. * Come in 1 Oh, I forgot 1 had locked it. Well, Caven, what are you after !’ ‘ I thought 1 would step iu and have a chat with you before you turned iu.’ ‘ Glad to see you. Do you smoke 7 Percy added, extending a cigar-case to his friend. ‘ Thank you. Well, how do you like the Oaks!' ‘ Very much. I am, at any rate, charmed with its host and hostess. But, I say, Caven, haven’t you been making game of roe 7’ ‘ How V ‘ Why, by telling me this house was haunted-’ The lawyer shrugged his shoulders. ‘ I have only repeated what all who have slept here have told me.’ ‘And has it never troubled the Morgans ?’ ‘ That is the strange part. They have never complained of either seeing or hearing anything peculiar,’ replied the lawyer. 1 And you think it is some trick ‘ Yes. Until I see a ghost, I will not believe that there is one.’ * Then you have never been troubled with seeing ghosts, even in your dreams 7 ‘Never at any time.’ ‘ But, I say, Caven, what am I to expect to-night 7 What did the men say they saw that friffhtoned them ?* * Wol/,' raunoci tiio lawyor, ‘the reports vere rather conflicting. A White figure—a iow wailing sound—unseen fingers tapping it window panes—and other manifestations if a like nature. The truth is, a servant girl tvas murdered here some ten years ago. The murderer was a discarded lover. The girl rests tranquilly in the village churchyard, while the discarded lover, by the hangman’s help, was hurried to an untimely end. It is not much of a history, but it has proved sufficient to keep the Oaks uninhabited for a number of years. The characters are of a too lowly sort altogether,” he continued. “ It ought to have been some lord or fair lady; some sinister ancestor who continues to prowl around, his old home, and not the spirit of a murdered servant girl and her destroyer.' ‘ I will do the best 1 can to discover the trick, if trick it be,’ said Percy. ‘ Well said; and I know you are not to be easily frightened.’ And, with this parting compliment, the lawyer left the room. After shutting and locking the door, Waxbridge returned to his seat before the fire. * I am in for it now, I suppose. I hope the ghosts will not be long in coming. I should like to make their acquaintance be fore retiring. I wonder whether Caven is right,’ he continued, ‘ in thinking there is some trickery practiced If there is, who can do it 7 Surely not Mr. Morgan. The only thing I know is that the house is haunted by one of the most charming spirits there is in England—his daughter.’ Pulling out his watch, he saw, to his amazement, it was half-past twelve. ‘ A ghost will never make his appearance as long as a light is burning. I must go to bed.’ Before retiring he went to the window and looked out. The night had changed. The rain had stopped, and it was clear and cold. There was no moon, but the stars shone clearly. Pulling together the curtains, he went back to the fire. It was still bright, but he threw on an extra aTmfull of wood. Then, divesting himself of his coat and vest and removing his snoes, he blew out the candle and went to bed. (To be Continued.) 