FUBU6HKD JttiCT WEOHESDAT, JAWETABY iS, 1894.. Ix Muperjiiii Bridge at 10- VMaA ? lajt" night, the water ralle." «mdrina%> It wMMin^"3tuBlwHjr. \- Ar ihePolioe {Joint yeetxadxr, beftnc Ur. CUUtt. Moras, P3E* w&^W.D.Crtey, : &£lj fhwi-Jwiy ijwfw>n|iMij»l'|y.». . (iono! flihin l^newudaaS^wteei. S rib SSUI^idefMnlt lerj ^Seif]Rud; driaDdBi^1iUa«ned <*ne week to: Jtoi^eeetiee. ;: . .{Spilt: deeded' niot gtriUjf. Defendant mi £ned £6, ooabeto oomc oufcof ft« fine. In ilnfanlt.oE payment witiiia. 14 days, 14 days" impnaamnept.'' . :"-v Ibnstor tta United Kingdom, continent otEmope, India, China, ete., will dose at tie Post Office as follows ^-Mobej orders. Uondty, Jhuiiij Sffind, 4 p.m.; registered, letters, 22nd, 5 pjru; newspapers ami packets, Tuesday,' 23 rd, 6 iAl ; Ordinary «ttw? . for United Kingdom and £ouign places, fflid, 7 ajn.; Late fee letters, 23rd, Ttijs dawiiig Car tile £100 in in prizes in oo»Becfa'qn jrth the Sum Quebkbiaitd Bkisteb Christmas If umber will take place iindtithe supervision of Mr &. I^yfhon at tife (Jofif!''' Eotd to-morrow (Thursday) 'CVening *t 6 o'clock. The issue go far as Qie officeit concerned is eold oat, ' -i . <\--pies of the Obiiiligot Number may < .'uly |>e «bbyU«^n|btiDpen. IK addition to the illustrations there are item* of special Interest in this week'sNoKra QpHKNBT^mp Ssgiszkr. Be letter from the New Australia settlement in Paraguay towJBBe lighten the early struggles of the_ emigrants, and of the peculiarity of their ^mpmetit. !Phere aieaLso interesting Mtidea in the Coolgardie and March ison fields, West. Australia, three complete ?Uniea and other wUiactiora. - - Fob the 24 hoars ended 9 a.m. yesterday the rainfall onOharters Towers vbi93 points, bat yesterday and last evening about another two mfffoes were recorded, Jjt is Mining, heavily on the Tate, where -water is hadly wanted for .stream .fin washing, bat yester day tbeWjestemstalionsxepaiied fine weather The rainfalls recorded at the Tele graph Office for Hie Si boors preceding 9 6an. yesterday were; Homestead, JL17; Pent land, 12pts ; TorrsnsOreek,3ptg; Hongbton Townsville, lin 3?7pt>; Ingham, Sbpta; Oardwell,32pte? Tate, lin BOpts.1 THE Herberton Chamber of Commerce axe approaching tbe Department In Ae^Batkn rf tbe locked up lands in that {ocdi^. IV>r some unexplained reason the Land anthorities in Brisbane will not throw tbe coimtiynp for selection. Sitweresw posed to contain minerals their action would be commendable, but in the scrublands there is not "the ghost of a irmwwJj and there are selections on small portions already thruwu open. It does seem curious that peojple .who want to Uke up land unassisted by the State cazmot do so, while in the' jiveikm £12 s bead to note a start on tbe land. There Is no euflily mum why nine-tenths of the'scrob. | land between Cairns and Herberton, and i away pat towards Esdyn ehould not be "reBerrodfor tailm; purposes " cannot now i be fwivanoed. ? The £gura supplied by the Ageatito the' casta of tbeaction, Speight T fiyme, are in iluiiirt.' lie jjaimijal items for tbe de-: feodant, as supplied by Hut Age, arcMr POTTOS, ^.0^ retainer oi 750 guineas and refresheny £15 per day; Mr A: Deakin, -retainer of -250 guineas and refreshers, £15 Ifis per^day ; total of counsel's fees, £6000 ; eolicaow* expenses, £7000; jury, fees, £2268,; official. shorthand writers, £860 ; special trains and incidental expenses for - Jury, £770: English commission, £430; witness's fees, £500; total, £18,288 The plninljffi'E costs ace estimated, as follows :-, DnSr, retainer, 400 guineas, *naMfceBherB, fl21 per day; Mr Coldham, retainer 300 guineas, and refreshers, £16 per .day. Hese, wilk solicitors' expenses, witnesses end share of the expense of official shorthand writers are 'egtum&ed; to total SB80Q0. A fiXRlKGKs accident than one which hap* powd during the heavy showier resterday afternoon has, perhaps, seldom bean heard fjf.- jThe water waszushing down the gutteia rate, singing Bad hissing ait the enteuiKs to theculverts or which* are fhaaft c|earyttie L roadways at the cross streets. AtKHIe girl, about 11 years of age, a daughter of Mir 3. Oomsrford, essayed to CRMs tbe gutter at the Qneenton side, of the intersection of Church and Gill streets, but' mUring ber fooling,, shelfell Into the surging torrent, which straightway sucked her into the piping, and she was conveyed right through cinder tbe roadway and resetted beneath tbe grating opposite the .Ssxlnor Hotel, which many willing hands -speedily removed to expedite Iter delivery. Whea taken oat, the flap of herjaoket was covering bar mouth, which perhaps assisted in preventing the water from taking foil effect nponher, though it seems almost a miracle that she should have poms through so small a space without farther catastrophe. 3Jhe poor little girl was completely dazed on mining out, and protested that "She knew she was drowned," but we trpst that she may notsujfer any ill effects from hertather unpleasant experi ence. ' .'Vj ? ' A. It ' IlBWKiii and Oo. will sell by auction, at half-past 10 o'clock this mont ing, Hnglish potatoes, lemons, limes, com ^nats, ^ples, and pine apples. Bobebt Bubsbkl, ander instraetions from the Administrator in the estate of Mary VillieiB! dcMated, will dupote of at auction, on the premises, at the comer of Park said High steeds, at 3 p.m. to-day, a residence area, with two-roomed ehamfer-board cot tage, verandah, detached kitchen, and 1000 |wJlfln frunV, 