Ladies' Gossip. Another woman of mark—Hme. Koecklin Schwartr, many years of whose life have been devoted to good works—has received what is still to be considered, where a woman is concerned, the highest reward of merit—namely, the Cross of the Legion of Honor. The small number of women who have the right to wear the red ribbon—they are not more than twenty, even when reckoning the members of the religious nursing communities—renders this a distinction of the highest order. Vastly different is the violet ribbon belonging to the Palmes Academiquee, which has of late years been almost too generous^ awarded for services ill defined. The special character of this honorable grade is too often lost to' sight, and persons are admitted into the list who have never done much to farther education in any form ;but this year the Government has been somewhat more circumspect. Among the nominations that appeared last week wpre several "female names. • The dreadful tragedy which occurred the other day in the Bue des Martyrs, when a famQyconsistingof father^ mother and daughter put an end to their lives to escape the shaine and troubles of growing poverty, has caused a greatdeal of comment and much very real commiseration. • All their preparations seem to have been made with a stoicism that savors of the antique, and which one would hardly expect to find in an average middle-class- household. Bather unfairly, perhaps, the opponents of advanced education for women set the tragedy down to the effects of an artistic trainiugon an insufficiently biased mind; for many refuse to admit that the -project could have been conceived by either of the parents, but must have originated with the daughter, who had received a superior education to her father and mother, and was both a musician and an artist- That her failure to secure a position as a teacher of music, or to get her pastels accepted at the Salon, preyed upon the young girl's mind—she was oifly twenty-three—waa probable; and perhaps, her mental superiority over her parents may have infinenced them. I like (says a writer to an English paper), some of the nursery superstitions. The thief in the candle; the stranger in the tea cup; the name that lurks in the coffee grounds.; the babbles in the tea cap that mean kisses; lucky money; the burning of the right or left ears; the itching of the nose; the itching of the eyes; turning the money at the new moon; the sneering of the cat. All these are harmless little things ai which the children laugh; Ihey do not influence conduct—they make superstitions riduculous. It would be a very pleasant thing for the Thirteenth Club to celebrate some of these superstitions; an enormous number can be collected. The Folk-Lore Society; the author of the " Golden Bough ;" the Psychical Society could contribute hundreds of these pretty, idle, merry little superstitions. But the club must invite girls to its evenings. What, for instance, without girls to go out and loot for it, is the use of the new moon ? Without girls to counteract the warning, what is the good of an itching nose? And, ofoourse, for the Thirteenth Club there aTe most magnificent openings in the shape of ghosts of all kinds. But these things will Follow in due course; "IakaJoko" is a moet ingenious young gentleman. In the New Testament the twelve foundations of the New JefUBalem are represented as of so many precious stones, comprising the amethyst,mqr>« chrysolite, chrysoprase, chalcedony, emerald, jacinth, jasper, samphire, saxdios, sardonyx, and topaz. The twelve foundations by some are supposed to represent as many anostollc virtues, such asi 1\. Amethyrst—Sobriety^ and temperance. 2\. Beryl—Goodness 61 mind at all times. 3\. Chaloedony—Ardent zeal. 4\. Chrysolite—Restrained by no obstacles. 5\. Chrysoprase—Severity towards sin, 6\. Emerald—Sauvity of manner. 7\. Jasper—Firmness and constancy. 8\. Hyacinth or Jacinth—Calmness in all 9\. Sapphire — Heavenly and beautiful thoughts. 10\. Sardius—Beadiness for martyrdom. 11\. Sardonyx—Variety in teaching. 12\. Topaz—Healing power. In case of fire a wet dlk handkerchief tied without folding over the face is a complete secui^ty egainst suffocation by smoke; it permits free breathing, and at the same time excludes the smoke from thelniigB. The " Daily Graphic" gives an account of life at Krobo. on the Gold Coast colony. One of the customs of the country is that every gill, in order to become eligible for marriage, is obliged to leave her family and spend a period of 18 months on the sacred mount. Here she is instructed in housekeeping, etc. The idea is not a bad one. 