LOOKING BACKWARD Polltleal, Monatary, Social, Commorolal and Induitrlal H&ppenlnga;'of tho pa«t Yoti- Tho Pcotfpaso of Wiping, Agrteulture Pastoral Puroulto and Manufaotur«s Chott with the Representatives o' Auetralla'a Staple' Pureulte— "Agrleoln" .en - New Method of Farming — The '&conomletn; arguea on tho Flnanola Condition tho Provlnoo— Tho Rocord o» tho Morgue. Copyright— Th$ Federal Auociolioiiof JotimmUittJ The year 1893 has undoubtedly proved tothc pessimist much that his carping soul delights in, for in good truth little has obtained towards the improvement or extrication from the slough of despondency and consequent depression with which it was ushered in Revelations of fraud, chicanery, in rotten commercial and financial- institutions have been common, and the pens of the diurnal and hebdomadal scribes have been pushed along at high>prcssure speed in their effort to record the rotteness of those institutions in'which thousands had trusted. Commercial quid nuncs ambiguously advised their friends that such-and-such a bank would be the next to; go, and their prognostications, unfortu nately, proved only too true. The "bus) haunts of men " were peopled with victims ol the financial crisis, and deluded or dilator shareholders ' were met with anxious facev hurrying along to the banks they were interested in to find the doors closed. The torrent of indignation became turgid, public meeting were held, affairs discussed, depositors and shareholders, in. many, instances, were bewildered by the array oj figures presented to them either upon printed sheets or delivered' Qte rotundo. But dissatisr. faction was paramount. Accountants of longstanding and experience were.caHed upon to explain their views of the situation, and chaos almost came again at least so fat as mathematical questions were concerned. .Persons in high places were openly accused of fraud, arrests foUowed,-preliminary hear ing, trials (the latter in some cases bringing the fradulent delinquents to terms of im prisonment), whilst in other instances, tht law's delay was decidedly conspicuous, and it was not until after protracted- Police Court ; proceedings that anything approaching the functions of. magisterial " ruling was correctly arrived' at. It yet remains to be , decided by the higher authorities what 'i course justice will take in her endeavours to sheet home, fraud and corruption to those directly accused. It is still a matter oi wonder that many directors immediately con- concerned in the working.of the several banks which collapsed are not placed upon theii ' trial to account for their stewardship. Why in their position of trust, direction and i responsibility, were they not seired of the fact of their individual' banks being m an ttosound condition, and above the Plimsoll mark, so to speak, of safety and solvency. The scheme of re-construction was flaunted ih the eyes-of the deluded depositors, many of whom- did not know the meaning of tht term so much so that when the banks re opened their doors the ignorant ones stormed the managers- offices. and implored, with all the persuasive eloquence at their command, for an instant return of their moneys. Ol course their requests were not acceded to, and thoy withdrew invoking vengeance and anathematising: tHe authors of their undoing. And they were by no means to blame. There were many shareholders and favored depositors who had received large overdraft and thereby depleted the coffers of capitals which should have remained almost intact to ensure the stability of the several banks they were placed' in. In. a- word,, the reckless allowance of overdrafts was at the bottom of of thc suspension. Sir Fuddlesby Hoodwink, the Hon Diddiem Takedown, Throwsby Dustineyes Esq., and others of their ilk, appeared in circulars, advertisements, balance-sheets and press reports as chairman and members of the boards of directors and shareholders, and the muttons represented by the public swallowed all the soft fodder purveyed to them. At last the supply gave out through the inquisitiveness-and dubiety of the English shareholders, and a very bsd attack of com mercial indigesiion was the result. Matter Having reached a critical point political influence, with the sanction of the Acting Governor, intervened, and on. Sunday, 30U April! a Gbvernmtnt Gax//t was issued, pro claiming fivedays1 holiday for the banks witl the view of allaying the public puiio. This action on the part of the Government wa: diversely, criticised during the following day ist May, and there occurred some exciting scenes in Collins-street, altogether unique it the history of the Australias. The suspende. and re- coustructing banks at this time wen the English,. Scottish ahd Australia. Chartered, The London Chartered, Tht Standard and National were partially opei ter the receipt of> money and trust accounts The Commercial was to have re- opened bi. remained closed in obedience to the Govern ment proclamation. Of the six remainin. Hanks of- issue, iour, viz., The Bank of Nev South Wales, the Victoria, the Ctty. an< (Colonial also acted in accordance with th. Government notification and remain closec The Bank of Australasia , and the. Unioi Bank; however, apparently opposed the edic and opened transactions tn all business tha wa&s; legally, possible. On the Tuesday following the Bank ofNew South Wale: followed suit, and on the Wednesday th' G6lonial Bank and the City Ban) collapsed, followed on the 9th by the Banl of Victoria after forty jrears' business. Th City Bank put off the imminent day .till th- 1.7th, when its doors were closed, and at th- ond of January the Federal Bank joiped tin throng. The English press had likewisi condemned the action of the Victorian Government in proclaiming these holidays and as previously remarked, dissatisfaction was rampant among all those emmeshed ii. the financial net. The only allurement helci out was a promise to pay in five years' time, when more than probably the only result will Bu a bigger smash than that just experienced. We have plunged in medias res into the chief cause of the year's dire depression, without regard to strict chronological order in -the relation of matter from the commencement of 1893. On the 4th of April the Com- meroial Bank suspended payment, on the 13th the English, . Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank succumbed, and on the 25th the London Chartered Bank gave up the ghost; the Standard, which in 1892 had been Forced to accept the inevitable, was driven to the same extremity on the 28th of April ol this year; and the following day saw tht suspension of the National Bank. Leaving suspended banks to revert to other financial institutions it is refreshing reflect that Colonial Life Assurance Societies are advancing steadily and securing a strong hold upon the confidence of the community. Certainly large bonuses are an alluring bait, but when it is considered that the best societies have carefully considered the . advantages of an accumulated bonus scheme to policy holders, fair praise roust be \- accorded to them. Premising that death " should occur within twenty-five years of date of assurance, if the premiums are paid up, the sum assured is in addition .returned and the new pension scheme in view of the array of bank suspensions we quoted and , diluted upon as a preliminary or. preface to tttis retro-pact, ,r.hould absolutely commend ifeelf to tbe consideration, of all who wish secure- in the event, of evil times-.- . " ' - ' " ' fisWjg" -fiponetf. - ia abti iim, a bo- the beat if mutuiil a saranca is with those cotnj atiies who assets are n the spot. Tbo Mutual of Victoria nblch has evidently pro fited by the dl astrous ezpeii nets 1 1 fallen financial ins'ltutions and bettered the instruc- : tion by en Lit g safe and secure advantages for all annuitants. Its mafiaement fa "In the know," c. ficernlng Anstrnlian monetary ; matters far more m> than any foreign 1 Assnriinco' Society officers', hence there can be no two opinions concerning the choice of Institution with which to tranraut Life ; Asian nee. 1 bis particular society on Its ; last annual distribution of bonuses did ad I from a fund «f ok er £1,00 ',000, the easb lvalue f width exceeded £500,000. 'In tho preceding year, 18&3, 12,585 new p o leics were issued lor shu am es, anu unting to £3,791,221, th new annual income; from premiums beiog £126, 014.- The funds now amouut to £11,328.448. And passing from Llf Assurance to death, «h:ch ia not on abrupt tranntlon, the opening if th new year was sharked by the deccnse of the Oriel Ju-tkc of Victoria, Vv Geo. Higlnbothetn, who bad expired on ' the laat day of the old year. In lifo he had been a consistent and uncompromising democrat, lie had lived for forty jeare in Victoria, and during an active and busy To al, folitical, and journrlialic career, the enly reward for publio duties performed h looked for was from the people. Ho declined knfgbthood, but he recrlvtd with undisguised opprech tion th vote of thanVs tendered bv Parliament f<r tbe stupendous t; sk he had performed, that of consolidating tbo Victorian statutes. Pe died of h' art disease, br> ught on by overwork, at the nge of 66. According to bis express wishes eojo nrd daring tbe last ten yiars of his life h was to b buried privately, which act was performed much to the disappointment of the whole community, ly whom be was rerered and kved for bis amiability, devotion to duty, and his con ci ntious adherccoo to prinoiples he thought just and rigbt. Continuing the obi'uary record for the year, i( tney be recorded that on the 17th of Janoary, Dr. Tho«. I mbhng, Member i/gislstiv Council, departed this life. He bad been on early adv cate for tho Eight Hoar movement, th 1 and' Transfer Act, and also protective duties. By cable frrm England it was learnt that dames MtCulloch, who had once been a mo&t; power ful political factor in Victoria had died en thef- 31st January, at Lwell, »Su< r- y, ia bis seventy fouith year. He was Pr imer of the colony on four different occasions. In March,. Matthew I-anj?, ex-mayor of Melbourne, who had filled the mayoral chair for threo successive years died1. E. Xu SteiWeld',' 51\. L C., died at Adelaide, S.A., on Sunday morning, lGth April. In the following month David Robert wyllie, member for >oith Melbourne, In the J egislativ Assembly, and I abour Party advocate, died of s) m ope of the heart, vnpervi ning an a' tack of paralysiB, at tbe early age of 36. Wo.' 1 tar>on, M.L.C., for tbe Eastern Province, died 10th Angnst. The probate duty paid In this aUta added largely to tbe public revenue. THe property, detailed in tbe lit gentleman's will and liable to th payment of doty, waa sworn at £206,613, upon which £20,561 waa paid aa duty. Furthermore the property comprkad to settlement liabl to duty, waa stated at £42,176, upon which £1900 wus paid,- Tho duty paid in all' total'ed £22,651. Among thereat eataUwas K)lmny Park, the well kuown sheep station, near Rosedale. James Campbell, Minister of Pnbllo Instrnotion And Commissioner of Customs, died on Saturday, 18th September, of cancer, after many week's ®f terrible suffering. The Government off cse were closed at noon on the 18th tatt. m a token of reepoct for tbe deceased. At Pendlgo on the same day another veteran Parliamentarian, Robert Burrowes, M L.A., passed away. He had been elected altogether elevt n times, and his Parliamentary ex prhnce extended over twenty-seven years. On Tutsdi y, rd October, Robert E> Wallan, Well known In litetary and ooamrrafal circles, died on board' the s.fl. Wairarapa, at Auck land, N.Z., of paralysis. Another well known and esteemed olonlst, the Ri vd. Plow Kane, whoso Victorian career had been' Honored and lengthyi died at Brighton, on Uth November. Now once mnro pass we on to the affairs of ithe living In slanuary a successor to tba late Geoige Higlnbotham was looked about 1 (or, and it was thonght that Justice Williams would be offered the appointment. However, tho upshot of the mutter was'tbaf- Mr. Shlels, the then Premier and Attorney-General, 'tbgether with his colleagues, invited- Dr, Madden to accept that office, which he did Parliament after a short Christmas vacation to-assembled on 10th Jaouary,- with Mn iSbiel'a at the head of affairs. Ther political I barometer at about this timo waa pointing to squally weather, end on the 17th, Mr. Patterson, the present Premier, tabled- a want of confidence motion. Oo the 18th, the Sluel's Government was defeated by forty five votes to forty fwo, after a debate whieb waa the shortest on record. Off20tb January" Mr. Patterson out of the material placed at' Ibis dLpovaT formed a Ministry which was constituted aa follows : — J, B. Patterson, Premier, -Chief Secretary end Minister of 'Railways; G. D. Carter, Treasurer j- Bryan- O'Loghlen, Attorney-General ; Mr. Isaacs,'. 8olicitorGensral ; hfri Al'Coll, Miuisterof Mines and Water 8upply ; Mr. M'intyre, Lands; Mr: Campbell, Education and Customs; Mr. Webb, Publio Works and Agriou<ture ; Mr, It, Raid, Minister forr LMencfs; Mr,' A, Wynne, Postmaster j General j On the 1st of February, Mr. Patterson unfolded the Minis erixd pro'- gramme at t ast i-mafne, . and met with a waim donors' ration. On the 7th ol February Mr. l atterson wet returned for C'actlem&ioo.; Laving been opposed by Mr: Francis Long more. Mr. Patterson scored heavily, the voting majority beiog generally about two to lone. Parliament re-asecmbled on lfth 'Ftbruary, On the IGtlraloard of enquiry. 8' t to try and discover the whereabouts of the . mheing maoo, which had been mysteriously I etolen from the llontcs of Parliament, Their efioris were fruitless, however; and the bauble still remains undiscovered. The board, at any rale, discovered where tbe macs had not been, and a chorus of " our h nor is vindicated," beaded by Speaker Bent, aro . Pari oment wan prorogued on 3rd Mnrt b by tbe Administrator of tbe Government, and re-opened on 28th Jnae, wben the main features presented were: tl.e- Retrenchment 8cht me. wberebv the nermanent exneuditure of tbe province could be reduced £800, 000 or £900,000 a year ; the polioy of addith nal taxation -to bring up the revenue at leat of tbe next year level with that year's expendi ture ; a scheme of land a d village settlement to provide adequately for th' people getting i"'baek to the land," which belongs to them anyhow: The railway revenue for the financial year ap to 3( th June, 1893, was £2,933,412, and retrenchment caused a saving in tbe working expenses of abont £300,0' 0, The Treasurer's Budget Speech wue- read on Wednesday, 19th Joly, and the method by which he proposed to make his revenue cover expenditure in tbe balance-sheet was thus Estimated revenue, 1693-94 > ... £7343, >4) New taxation,,, «- 576,000 £7, 9te, >47- Eatlmated expenditure, 189594 7.6)3,909 Surplus 00 tbe year- ... £296,338' In the merry month of May, a political crisis arose out of the Mercantile Bank proaecutione Mr. Isaacs, the 8elicitorGeneral, disagreed with Biyan O'Loghlen'e verdict, as Attori ey General, with regard to- a nolle prosequi. The upahot waa that Mri Isauce retired from the Cabinet, later 00 he went before bis ! constituents at Beecbwortb. who received him with acclamation, and he was returned unoppoetd te bis Mat in the I '- - L - ' mtiat ndt fie fbrgotten during the month on January Mr.E. G. littgibton, chtirman of the Metropolitan Board of Laud and World and it'n rant . verssmak' r, returned1 from' : IDdup. whither he bad voyaged to' float a' . loan of £2,(K>0,000'. February lit Mr. Jsmes < Mubro, the lato AgiiLGeneral for the colony, and a . leading teo'otaller and eoffe palace : promoter, filed hL sbednle. showing a j. deficiency of £50,106. Further retrench xheutwas started in the PaHc Berricu during this month, On 9th March, the Abgio-Anstraltan Bank Criminals were, found guilty and sentenced to various, te-ms. of. imprisonment.' in this, mouth also the Mercantile Bank prestations began; and after protraet -d bearings at the lower courts, Mattbew Daviee and Frederick Millldge were committed for trial for con spiracy on Friday, 12tb May. On tbe 27th insr, .Matthew and Mrs. Daviei sailed by the German mail steamer Salter for Colombo, but eventually he returned to the proVinoe in company with Detective Whitney, who bad b en sent on his tracks. On tbo 291b of the same m nth application for .a Grand Jury wes \- made and adjourned .If waa reviewed on the 30th and grauted. Subsi quentiy a tens bill wm found by the grand jury against the two' aoensed, but when in August the proceedings were called on in the bigiier court, the acouaed were discharged, and the preaentmei t quashed on thegrouuds that nn alien coniU tuted one of the grand jury, aud atf such was Ineligible as a juror. Proceedings were com menced de novo in spite of legal blocked rs, aud tbo accused were once more committed for trial, which if aJl gees woll will come on' Ibis year. The sweating evil was brought nnderth notice ef. the Premier by a large deputation under the auspices of tbe Fiotcotion and Liberal Federal I.eaguo who waited on thai gentleman on 18th April. Their miction was te> bring and r his notice the existence of the sbove.uamed evil iu factories. So far ss the clothiag trade is conce.ned this evil is to a ce tain extent brought abont ly the restric tion! of tie Fact riee' Act, which under one of ita conditions provides fer 660 coUo feet of apace iu each factory ir worksbep. 'Jbistu's proved ruinous to small employers, and tbe consequence is that Jew swcateis wbo employ 1 uropun labor, r oeiv tho work from tie limited tradesmen. Th majority of master tailor haw now only small rooms for they' argue that they caunot or will not comply With the Act. The registration fee ll aavt-o' for on thing, and further thon whom the trad dub . li quiaitive loepeotors " are- elndt d. Allien the masterc do not care abontt taking on apprentices o! either sea aa a doctor's certificate is . required M to their physioial condition. The latter requirement. also acta aa a barrier to a poor man with1 sevatal children whom he may be desirous of apprenticing, for each certificate costs baif a- crown, 'iheeum may aeem small; bit it itt required for actual necessaries, Tbe inspectors are net stringent enough in their action towards employers in the matter of an allowance of. a permit for overtime. This' causes overcrowding in the workrooms at busy times. If- the inspector does find fault- then tbe employer discharges several hnud> and givee out the work to sweaters, and so tbe Stare unwittingly aids and abets the evil. Not long ego in one large leading firm fo pressors were offered the privilege of w orkln£ piecework for one buy week. Twenty per etnL was to be taken off foclr wager for thlr privilege, bat th men didn't see ft. for (bey found they conld only have worked their usual quantum had they bean on their weekly I m»y be asked why the employers demanded foe 20 per cent, concession The uswer ii that tho manager of' foe 41 maMngr up' department received . a bonus, and pocket the sum he bled foe workers of. But throughout tbe clothing trade basinets has been dull, and' the bouses tn Flinders-lane , have reoeived a notification from home that foe credit evstem will hi future be limited- 1' tour montta onty. neuce tne vrarenousemeh will have to take lees oredit1 and give less to- customers, Under these circumstances sweats liig is rampant, The shoddy impo' ter and the ealico jimmy in Victoria la d 'omed anyways and it is to be trusted that his doom means foe boom in the manufacture of local fabrics, Tbe irou-worken haw suffered, but foe boot- trad he shown signs of improvement duriog the latter part ef the year. In- i893 there were 2,242 factories, aud taking tht average fdr tbe year the camber of employes would have folk n to nearly >0,000. In 1402 foe figures were 2,443 factories employing, 40,319 at an estimate. 