TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — It is well known that if we throw a stone among a pack of dogs we know the one which is hit from its yelping. My letter in defence of the able and talented divine lias presumably been a literary stono thrown among the "literati" of the city — clerical, no doubt, as well as non- clerical. I will not say laymen; such a word (it seems to me) is offensive to liberal minds. (1.) There is the ink-spilling of that modern Daniel (daring to stand in defence of evolution) who signs himself "Presby ter." Oh, what a falling off! Come to light, shade of John Knox! Does our friend know the meaning of "Presbyter?" Do those whom he exercises authority over know who I hoy have got as their leader and champion? "A Presbyter," we under stand, is "one who is an 'overseer;' one of ripe years, ordained to bear rule in the church, ami to feed the flock, over which tho Holy Ghost has made him overseer." If the illogical, unscientific, and anti- Biblical vituperation lliat steams out of "Presbyter's" letter is a sample of his usual and regular utterances, then the flock that he presides over must often look on and arc not filled; but while the husks fly about, the wolf comes in, and not only destroys tho good seed, but destroys the sheep. "Presbyter" speaks about Dr. Tal mage being "able to take care of himself." Would it not be an act of filial charity for somebody to take care of "Presbyter?" Only fancy "A Presbyter" reading spicy "Zola;" and mark the intense power of his metaphysical faculties when he draws a comparison between "Zola" and "Tal mage." For goodness sake, "Presbyter," don't be "a dog in tho manger," If the doctor is doing a work (which he is) that shall stand the test of the "Great White Throne." well, Mien, thank God three times a day that souls are being saved, if it is only through tho instrumentality of this "Yankee pronchcr." (2.) Wo have something from "What's in a name." I wish ho would divulge his name, then we would quickly see what is in it. He compares General Booth and Talmage. Nobody doubts the power of General Booth, but Bootli could never be a Talmage. God has bestowed divers gifts. Talmago is doing a work which Booth could not do. But both are honorably fill ing their God-ordained spheres. He fails to see where the abuse and judgment of "Outis" come in. Read again carefully and olear-linadcdly the utterances of "Outis," and then give your opinion. "Outis" stabs a man behind his back. Ho gives tho doctor a toss over In tho dark, and "What's in a Name" seems to endorse the actions of that bovine "Outis." "What's in a Name" will be pleased to remember that tho church over which Dr. Talmage presides started (at his pas torate) with about 18 members. Now that congregation has swelled to 5000 and more every Sabbath. Surely, there is power in a name, and this notwithstanding the slander and ungodly statements made about tho doctor by his own brother minis ters, as came out in that great trial of the doctor before the General Presbytery some years ago. I, therefore, dismiss you, "What's in a Name." Pass on! (3.) Charles Brown harps ou the £ s. d, for want of something better to say. If Charles Brown were Talmage, I wonder J then how the table of the money-changers would look. Then, as to the remarks about Talmud's clumsy h«mur"-we1!, Ft ! Charles Brown announce u lecture of his I own, aud we will then have a chance of judging as to what is nut "clumsy hutnur." Perhaps our friend is one of those men upon whom von have to make a surgical I ill i I I 1 II 1 t f 11 i Exit. Charles Brown! (4.) The comparisons of "J.lV are odious, and if hell is your greatest comfort, please do not measure others' Christianity by your quart pot. Exit ! (5.) And finally, as to Mm reply of "Outis" to my letter. He appears to be unable to got over tho ".day." and that seems to ho his fiddle with the one string. That, reply looks as if "Outis" in a furore, made a dash at. Mm ink well, upset it over all his valuable MSS., smashed his pen. and Mien wrote with a stick, perhaps tho thin end of Mm paste brush. 1 thank von. Mr. Editor, fur the privi lege you have accorded me of taking up vour valuable space, and thus I feci Unit you— like ourselves, who have tried (though rcebly) to defend ihe Rev. Dr. fulii-iugo — bolicvo in Ibc maxim. "Flat justitia. mat eoclum. — Youre. eic.. A. J. BONGERS. Parramntta, August 20. 