MISCELLANY. A Most Popular Age.—Homage. A Stage Coach.—'The prompter. Footballers' Motto.—" After the ball." A Correct Costume.—The convict's garb. Judge—" Do yc.u know anything favour able about the prisoner?' Witness—"He ran away wid rnc ould woman, ver anner!" Marie—1" He. proposed the third time we met" Maudie—"I knew that he could not have known you long." A woman's rights lady remarks that the highest use ot man is to have his life insured for his wife's benefit. Gus—'" Whatdo vougirlsdoatyour Conver sation . Olub—just, sit around and stare at each other and talk?" Clara—"No, indeed. We play whist." " Why-did Priscilla Waldo break her en gagement with Johnny I-akeside?' "Johnny wrote a rhyme for the Tatlcr in which he rhymed Hope with Penelope." She—" Did you put the hot water bottle in the sleigh under the Boston girl's feet?* He— " Oh, yes ; and when we got back the water was frozen solid." Nell—" How do you know she is in love with .lack?* Belle—"Because she told me he was perfectly horrid, and if she were in my place she wouldn't hare anything to do with him." • A Warning to Mamma.—Little Johnny— "Oh, mamma, folks say Tommy Dod'6 back is broke." Mamma—" How did it happen ?' l.ittle Johnny—" 1 didn't hear, but Tommy told me only las' week that bis inamina was just as fond of spankiu' as -you are." ! " It was a severe punishment," Raid the. father,-self-reproachfuHjv "but it nn&were; tiiepur-: : pose. It keeps Johnny fropi running, on the street." "You didn't cripple the bdiy, did you ?' ""No, I had' I .his mother cut nis hair for him. You ought to sec i the poor "boy," and the proud father wept..." . . | Postal Affairs.—Mrs. Smith—"Haint TthCre no letter,come yet from thy son Tom ?' Rural . Postmaster—"Yes, thart'tme here from Tom, but I ■ can't, let you have it Itis for Sallie Jones. I guess I it's an aiiswer to the letter she writ to him week] : afore last." | " What's the matter with you?" asked the ' proprietor of the men's furnishing store. " Man in ' front says he wants some hosiery that is suitable to > the season," replied the clerk. " Well f " I don't I know whether to go by'the'calendar or the thermo meter." ■ . " Oh, we had the loveliest arrangement at' our church.society lost week. Every woman contri buted to the missionary cause IdoL which she earned herself by hard work." " How did you get yours?' " From my husband." " I shouldn't call that earn ing it yourself by hard work." " Y ou don't know my husband." Hotelkeepeb— This pamphlet you have written for me.- Mr. Scribe, is just what I wonted, and I cheerfully pay' you your fee of 50dol. Yon have made it out a paradise on earth. If you would care to spend « week.here I shall he glad to have you, and will make no charge." Scribe—"Thanks, old man; but I'd die in this hole in 21 hours." The Only , Living Specimens.—Pol iceman (to Indian chief who distributes circulars at door of dime museum)—" I say, O'Rafferty, wliat new freaks have they got In there that's drawing 6uch. a crowd ?' Indian Chief—" The greatest iver ye saw. He is a jintlenmn from Texas who is net a fcolonel, and a bye twelve years ould who . has never smoked .a cigarette." Uncle " Zeb's Suspicion.—'" Uncle Zeb," said the Aiogietnlte, " this is the fhird'time yon have been arrested this month." ?Yes, sata." "Howdo you explain it?' , " WeH, sah, daris a new perleece man on our beat. "HaS that .anything to do with the base ?' "I dunno, sab; ou'y it sut'uV hez seemed to me dat in ay be he was kinder usin' me to practise on." " Bcr-bds is intilligent," Mrs. Brannigan I observed as she encountered iter friend Mrs. O'Fla-1 herty. " Ye cpn tache 'em annyttng. Me 6ister'has wan as lives in a clock, an' phin it's toime to tell th' toime it oomesoutan' aays cuckoo as manny toimes as th' toime is." " Dthot's wondlierful 1" said Mrs. 1 O'Flaherty. " It is indade," stud Mrs. Brannigan., " An' tli' wondhetful par-rt ov it all is, it's only a j wooden bur-td atathot !" A story is toM of twojnshmen who weye caught asleep one uierit in the loft of a burning bifild . ing. flue .oLtfafiW totib'-drew on bis trousers and jumped from -the window. In his fright and hurry he had unconsdously puUed on the garment wrong side foremost; with an Effect which, when he re coveted bis equilibrium after the jump, excited his" profound consternation, _*'Pat, Pat," called out his oompaiiion, ^eaU In tbe loft, "air ye kilt entirety 1" "Tfo.YlOlke," replied Pat, in hopeless tones, "it's not kiltOi am, me bye; but I fear mc Oi'm fatally isvishted." , , . They were at a picnic last eummer. "Yon see," he explained, as he showed her the wish-bone of i chicken at luncheon, "you take hold here and intake hold here. Tbenjre niu>t both make a wish and poll; and, when it breaks, the one who has the ' bigger part of it will have jiis or lier wish gratified." " Butt don't know what towishfor," she protested. " Oh./you can thrnkof something," he said. " No. i I catra|" she replied: HI oarfe think of . of anrthlngj want very much." " Well, IH wish for you!" he ex olafmed. "Will you really?' she asked. "Yes," "Well, then, there's no use fooling with (lie old with hOJ»i". she. Interrupted/with a glad smile, "you can havg me!" WHENihegood shipFetrel was on her last "voyage trie mate was appointed to'keep the log. One] day, hotever.he Ipdq&edratber; too freely, and was unable to attend to hlsduties. The next day, quite late, after to headwas-onoe more able toiioldhia cop, be decided to write up the log. Turning to the page of the" dkv tiSfdjp, he «« surprised to'flnd this entry—''Matedfimk.sail day?" ?'Here/'he said to the capfckih,"'",T^T tlri-wotunn'tf*put that "ih ; wbuldl 1'iinf It (cn'f. *• 4Vhr nnfV .l. replied ihe oap'.aiq, "Its true, len'titr " Yes, it's true, I sup BFf-1 r b€tler and began ,T.„ the captain, as ros his turn to be sur prised, for, standing ottt lb Jorgeblack letters were . the voids—''OapUin sober all day." " Here, Mr, i Mate,1--hs o«He<I"WUfc"''<5p» here. What dp you mean -Hiy* snjbgdyjrouldtiiink, " Well, then, I guess it bad better stand." An East-end teacher who prides himself on taking an interest in the higher branches of literature was talking to his pupils-on the works of Shakspeare, and endeavouring to impress tbern with the fact of that poet's superiority to all others. After a while be asked those who had Visited places of entertainment which of 6halcspeare's dramas they liked best. One lad replied that he appreciated " Hamlet" best, because there was a ghost in it ; another, that he liked to see "King Lear," because there was a good deal of thunder about; but the climax was reached when a little urchin in the class cried cut that the play he loved best was " Dick Turpin." There was at the time, it ought to be ex plained, a circus in the neighbourhood. " But who told you that Shakspeare was the author of ' Dick Turpin?" "You told us yourself," answered the young playgoer. " Not I," cried the teacher— "never!" "You told us," argued the unabashed youth,'' that Shakspeare wrote the best plays—didn't you?" "But what of that?' demanded the other. "Well, ' Dick Turpin' is the best ploy that ever I have seen, bo of couise I thought be must have written it," said the youth; and the instructor con cluded that it would be advisable to allow Shakspeare to repose on his ancient laurels until the circus left the neighbourhood. 