Jp|Ril^bDijNG.EVE. KBB ^rsdding.OTe t Ees»- ^to - jauaww vould for «ris eoa lie eld tile;.; bat. low , ^IoHob ? ,*p« -eare& the exist coe upon wblch ehe m ahout to -enter I warything to be graftal forjTiothfng to com* ( f(UBeft i '? ? i » She^bad so mother ;bot merer 'biviiuc known ? mother's vug, bet father's . devotion curie up ' for the Joes. fihe glanced . wound it the oonfosiono! beautiful aod Mftlf^hlog« filling tbe: tooa-hn bridal tamntn. 'SordyXsaftftToncite ol lactone,' she narmnred. And it seemed 00 as she stood there in hex evening dress ot delicate, gleaming Bilk— voting, lovely, and radiant with happiness. Ah, yea, Alioe Desmond had been a petted darling ot fortune sinoe babyhood, in dtdgtd in tmss whim, gratified in every dasSre, I ? To-night the very height of bliss had been teaohod— yonthi beauty, riehea, and love. /What mote oould she ask ? ? ?' No more I— no more f' she said, aloud, startling Sarab, tbe maid, who was busily paflMng away the dainty yardrobe *nto ! travelling trunks. I r4'Whatdoyoaaayf Mies Alioe V' I And Alioe smiled aad said: j * '* Am i petty enough to-night, Sarin ?' j u laws, Mies Alioe, yon always lode pretty in pink ! I expect Mr. Phil will think bo With a sly (twinkle in hec bright eyes. Alios blushed, looking lovelier than ever ?With that divine glow in her yonng laoe. * The old boose was tall of go eats bidden to the marriage, and a robdaed flutter ol joy fail excitement filled it from drawing-room to ikttchen. The fits* dinner-bell rang, and tbe girl quitted the privaoy of her room to watoh for her lover's coming; bot he had already | arrived, stood at the foot of the stairs wait ing for her, tall and handsome, hie eager iblufl eyes aflame with love's impatienoe, hie *rms outstretched towards her. I k The hall was deserted, bnt had ifr been crowded with watchers Phil Kiogaly wonld not have heeded them with that lovely, viiion before him. He mouuted a step to meet her ; he flung faia aims around her, drew her bead to his breast, kissing her with tond passion. - i «Oh, Phil J' she murmured, blushing deeply, but yielding to bis ansa. j 41 My darling 1 thank Heaven 1 am with ! yon once morel' he cried, fervently. 'I bare been all impatienoe ev«r since leaving London.' *' Why, have yon also sometimes had vague tears lest something should happen ?' she asked, drawing baok, a shads of gravity «om» Ing over ths radianoe of her face. ' Only the groundless fears incidental to this uncertain life ol ours, dearest. Your presence has put them all to flight.' 41 Eat what if something nnxorseen, un dreamed of, shonld part as yetT' 'Nothing bat death can part ns now, beloved. To-morrow is our wedding-day. There ia no room In my heart for doubt of fear to-night, sweetheart. Oome into the drawing-room ; it is deserted, and we may %avs a few preelous moments to ourselves.' ? And with hie hand on hers, his happy, pusionate eyes seeking her faoe, she, too, gave herself up to the bliasf ul present* Dinner was over, and Mr. Desmond and Eingely were in the library, holding a little private conversation. . Auee bad just left £heni to join her friends in tbe drawing* tooia ; bnt feeling that alien oe rather than epeeeh fitted her present mood, she made op a card-party, persuaded some lady toeing,! and leaving & comfortable group around the j blazing fire, ahc stole to the south window, I £ong up the sash, and leaned out into the eripp S.ptembernigbt, How brilliantly the stars sparkled and glowed in the fleckleas sVy, and what a /sweet, subtle ecent floated np from the old garden, whose late-blooming roses ettll'held sray. 'Hist! MiseDeemondl Hiss Desmond! Shall an old woman tell your fortune t' came 1 in & low, sibilant whisper; and a gaunt, ' aeroe-ejua, raggeu 01a cre&sure; rose np irom a crouchicc position under the window. The girl started back, a taint cry on her lips. ' \7ho are you I*1 she inquired, quickly re* covering herself, and speaking somewhat im* psrioosly. ' Only a poor, forsaken old vagabond ; but I ean tell you something, miss, that will drive all that bloom from your laoe, that Jigb: (rem your eyes.' Her etrargo, burning glance swept over the 3aiDty evening-dress, the soft laoe and glim mering jewels. Her brown, wrinkled hoe worked convulsively. ' A ,bi*ier execration fell from her withered Up?. Eavy, rage, hate, fed the lurid fire of her tunbpn eyes. Alice Dssmond had brave blood in her vein', tabs did not feel afraid, but she was IaeeiQ%1ed. Wtmi revelation oonld this poor creature maUtoharen or frighten her? Pity stirred her heart,. She oould be generous to ths poorest of God's creatures to-night. '? 1 do not care to have my fortuns told, but here is some money. Take it and go. away. Uy father wonld be displeased were he 10 find yon here,' she said, gently, hold ing out her slim, white band, with two salver pieces in its open palm. - But tbe strange old woman drew baok with b low, eoornful laugh. ' Displeased I Ha, ha I I shouldn't wonder. Yoa are very tend. Ah, yes; it is cany for yon to play the Lady Bountiful, bat I would starve— yes, starve and rot— before I would touch Desmond money* I have come to tell you something.' Alice grew serious, impressed. In suite of herself. 'What is it!' 'A eeeret, and one that yoa ought to kno*'. Tbis is your wedding-eve ?' 'Yew.' ♦ A fitting time,' she muttered, with s Graaiehchuokle. ' Come out into the gar dec.' ' Aiic: glanocdback into the room. The fire i-or)i «:tb aruddyglbtr; the oooupantsof tbe W ubairs around it were laughing and iblLioy, h j d at the piano the musically in olir.cd were liying & new song. * i N'y ooe'had heard aword of that oonversa- : tie n ct tbe window. i She turoed again to the night and to that ? old woman, who stood watching her like a grim fate. 8be said briefly : ' I w#l oome.' ! . fcae stepped quickly from the room, took a man tie (rem the ball-lobby, flung it over her bead, aod went out into the darkness of ths outrr world. H«( delicste silkbrnsbed the dew from ths grass on ths garden-walk, and once a rose* I thorn caught the laoe 0! her steere ; but on ( abe w^t.ontQ Mie eame faoe to faoe with her stuaige visitor. For . a moment they stood there in the midpt ot the old garden; the giri, yonng, fair, ana aainuiy-eiotned; the old woman, bent ! and heggatd, bar poor rags flattering in tbe cri*r» frosty vbreese,- silent — die one expect ant, the other wictelly exultant. Alice .sprite fint. You must be brief. My gaests will miss .. oe.'r(,; f-Ijet them, fools that they are. I ^ tbemalL But I will not detain yon vary long,_ J Where la your mother?— tell me,' ahe said, - ^abmptly, . leaning forward and plucking at her sleeve. ; Alice^raeoQed from her touch with a shad* . der .. v. 'Dead; she died at my birth' sotUy and frankly. : -=?-/' -lDied,didsihe!.riHa,.bjil 7ss,ahedi6d at y dor birth,* slbw.death bat arare .One— 1 . 4ied to the-orid,io the£leaBnrss of life, to 4veqildngj' Jmt&ey; 4in ^aol .pot. bsrina grave,1bglia- ^wsnhoniiiT'- '... ? 'jELow dars ^ba apeak so islsdyl' cried \- the girL hsr ^aes blanching, a^xomd.coiD -? ' ??-Jreesing S 4hs ' ' ^onn ' blood . in ur ?Aypbrlither. .flh, railltooMyeialor l0Kih-!Bli»ao*taighl _.,,4»rken-joatJttB ?-Yoa ,M*3n£W).lnfk* In youi i woita lhi jota bra^.jJOh» J'pn *n jooMt -nr .later yon will, ri ?i boTT'* bfth -n? Wtt baits asm bars of, ^4ti)lmet :doobtod^ old-roman*s worifa,' Sc,^ai3ud ?iand:''ideadly.'. feeling ; op-' Could lt be only a hidsootf, »Si: Wdddahs ,wbke pmenttf ^pm,^arrbundcd by the oostly, ^^MCsSbo.4^Ji*rbridartjrOtiseaiu? ) itiwaa'a'o'flfeMP. reality 1 Bithcr Ud all tbst happy past ! been a dream— a bniiunt but svifclj- fadiog dream. How far aW»y it seemed from her now, and what a bl*k gulf oi anguish and despair lay before her.\ '.Heaven have metoknpon me,' She whis pered, hoarselv* feelim «he had ho other refoge now. The old Vman clutched her ' round, tender wrist in a truel gratp. . 'Do yoa want to know\hy I tell yon this earelully-gnarded secret t lUs my vengeance. Iiong years ago I had a dauAter, young and lair as yon. Her lover wai your father's botier, and on their wedding Qiy the/ hooted him down, and Air. Desmond, in rich mer kbairtr'!iia~1flttr'dra8g-id awkr to- prison .b^obnse be.had t^olen a paltry 60^i of money . Tram uirn. ueavco 1 «ne aiea in, my tor she -was -but-* delicate «reatute, -and -J. vowed she should be avenged, ^low for blow, life for li(e, ia my niotto. Govback to you gaests, to your lover, and yoar wedding fin&y;, but .remember! ' \ And with that last word ringing through the air, she' vanished. \ *? Can I ever forget ?' moaned tb« girl, ' stumbling up tbe path like a creature b^nd ! with anguish. 'OS, father, why did ybq spsreraof Oh, aotner, where are you to-N I night f' ' j She felt choking, and pulled the laee ruth lessly away from her white throat. | What a fate, to be raised to the height of butnau bliss, only to be dashed down into a boUoml6.-£ pit of despair. All the time one thought kept be&ticc; through.ber brain 2 ? ' It ie my wedding- eve.' I A burst of gay laughter floated out from j the drawing-room aashe stumbled wearily op ; the steps. It made her shudder, and vet an } hour fcgo, even less than an hour a^'o, she had joined in the mirth, the happicet of ihem all. She ftole through the hall until she came to the library door. There she stopped for a s moment, pslo and wan as some wandering spirit of Borrow. Her lather eat in his easy.ohair, smoking ; while talking to him her lover stood lean ing against the mantle. How noble he looked — how brave and handsome I If he had only raised his eyes and looked ' on tbat blacobed faoe, those sad eyes 1 But, nnooneoious ot her nearness, nnoocsoious of tho power working ag&insi; the fruition of his j happiness, he stood there talking and think ing ot to- morrow. \- Alice stretched oat her hands, and her lips moved in a whispered farewell ; then slowly i she moved on np the stairs to her own room. ; On tbe threshold 6he met her maid. | ' Good heavens 1 lliss Alioe, what is the ' matter?' shs cried, starting back from her 'yonng mistress's ohanged 'appcarance in ; affright. [ 'Hush! I am only tired. Do not let me da disturbed to-night. I intend to retire at j 11 But,' ? | 'Please go, 8arah; I do not need yoa.' I And she cioeed and looked the door against | even ber faithful servant's insfernotico. The room had been pat in perfect order, the trunks were packed, and on a low oouoh her wedding-dress lay oarefally spread out, ' with wreath and veQ spread across it. How : the sight moaked ber pain 1 j With a despairing cry she flung herself i down oh the floor, fend merciful tears saved 1 her from going mid then and there. Never in all her yoang life had she shed such tor rents of tears, been shaken with snob deep sobs; for never before bad real Borrow laid ! its burden opon her, and this was a thing to crash even the etoateet-hearted. At last eherose dp, calmer, bnt woefully pale and eabdued, a girl nd longer, but & suffering woman. An impulse to go away seoretly had come over her. With feverish haste she changed her evening dress lor a plainer one, Eut her purse io her bosom, and laid out a at and cloak. Then she est down and wrote a short note to her father, a pitiful little mes sage explaining tbe cause of her flight, and entreating him to tell Phil. That finished, and laid on ber dressing-table, she moved slowly and eofdy about the room, taking a sorrowful farewell of all the pretty familiar tbiogs endeared to ber by a thousand b&ppy; associations. Above the niahtlepiece hnng her lover's picture, richly framed, and the most precious ot all her treasures. She paused before it, tearless, bnt with .heaving breast, ber poor, passionate heart quivering, almost break ing. 'Oh, love, love, how can I give yon np? Yet. 'tis better that than I should ruin your life. Heaven forbid that I should do it ! Good-bye, good-bye, for ever 1'' and shs turned away, not daring to look again into fhosp piotnred eyes, lest her oourage should, after all, fail. At last she was ready, and opening her 1 door she glanced out. The home was all quiet, the hall dark and deserted. She went out, and with noiseless steps groped her -way-down etairs. With shaking hand she fumbled at the fastenings of the front door. She thought she heard footsteps pn the upper floor, and listened in breathless tenor. It was only a false alarm/and opening the door, she stepped oat, and heard it dose behind her with a chilling shudder, ! Shut oat in the cold and darkness— she, , the darling of fortune, the glory of ber father's house, tbe beloved of Phil Eingily's heart ; and yet she faoed it with less shrink* ing than she oould have faoed pitying friends, a shame -stricken father, a lake-warm lover. Half a dozen hounds bonnded up to meet her, barking deeply ; bat at the soand ot ber low, eweet voice, crouched at ber foet with whines of delight. With a soothing word she ; went swiftly down the -walk, and ao away 1 from her home, and it was b«r wadding I ? « ? . « lbe wedding cay dswned dear and briS liaat, with e fine hoar Jrost lying oh lea! and flower. At Desmond's the were astir early, for there were yet many tilings to be done before ths bridal mat was spread. Suddenly a strange cry rang through the honse ; a cry of apprehension 1 ot alarm— -the brids oonld not bs found. Her bed was un touched, her evening dress lay in a cminplsd heap on the floor, but she bed vanished. Mr. Desmond's ruddy faoe paled a ltttle, bat he called it only a foolish woman's exoitement nntil he read his daughter's note. Then be etaggered baok with a fierce cry ; ' Oh, Heaven ! it is true she has left ' as 1' 1 Gaests and servants were &Q; gathered around him, ' all, eager, all carious, and Phil Eingsly stood, kt bis elbow, pate and rather stern. u What does it mean ?' he demanded. She has been listening to eome orael lies.' 'Yon lie yourself, Boyal Desmond; I told her only this troth,' screamed a shrill voiee;-and* haggard old woman poshed ber. way through the crowd nntil she stood facing the master ot the bouse. - 11 Yon have for gotten me, probably, bat I.have not forgotten yon, Boyal Desmond, nor the revenge I swore, to -wreak on you for dragging my girl's lover off to prison and breaking her heart. Yon murdered her l'1 she cried, wildly; 'bat I— I was more merciful to yoar pretty idol* I only lold her the troth aboat .ber mother, and the fate awaiting ber, pampered, spoiled pot that she was.' ''And yon wonld take vengeanoe on an innooent, detmnelesH girl?' said Eingsly, flhe laughed fiendishly. 'A life for a life, yoang sir; better he thankful yon have escaped a mad woman. Ob, it wonld have wrong yoar heart to have witnen-Bd bar horror, her angaiiM' 'Woman, are yon flesh -and blood, ot demon?' boarsell- demanded the merchant. 'Damon— jdsiiwtofS&o; made me. I only help, yon ?rfferoO. Xon5®! me, lot ?irfamrtteT^Jto tej Ul. Jin ia my gM, tfcodSh 46 mop'oTa* blood flows in hsr v&ini;: up kajm, *onu ol jpn, thtt mj vile aita lajgt iMgn fejliim only ? lew jefn igo. /fih j£w& 1-aiu to l»fl won iOKM ml aba «nw mnoh won. ttbe died. WetaMUadorei th. Oootiomt, «nd'bh* ni^ik we rtopped at . hoWin ? tlHIe ^bwp where an Bngliih wonuC^7 . BBe luA ? lordy little gid,iMreb»B)r,*na»h«*hou^itl)fIe»rijig tt cMeiB tin wodfl dirtmul lier' beyond nweifm MywUe%ook » rtrmge Imwi to Uw'Sttle one, «na »t laat we iuiopt«4 her j uatram thit day to tb^e ehis hu been my '«). my Aline, my beware! bat wonla to SeannlJiafltold ber thie end apiM bet faoch suffering.' ' His headbbwed, and he vary tenderly smoothed out the aad little note. 41 How desperate ber ahame and misery most have rendered ber, to canee Jtor toj^u a^ray in the dead of night — uirn, fo, ^yonog, eo tendedy. sbditervd irom all me toubh winds of hamaa adversity,' be murmured, brokenly. I In tbe derp silenoe that followed Hr. Dee* j rnond'e c»piat-&tiun; the old woman crept oat, 'baffled, cre*Ua!l«n, and when the servants wonld have arrested her, Kiogsly restrained thaxn. ' Let her go ; she ean do no more mischief.' Then he touched Sir. Djsmond on the arm, 'Bouse yourself, eir. We must find Alice.*' 'Ysf, wo must find her. Ob, Phil, where can ehe be? my poor girl, my darling lu And Pail set his lips bard together, and turned from tb? right of the wedding favors lying on ttio ub!e. Alas for his happiness I How swiftly, cruelly, it had been destroyed I Jasta week since she had left her father's bouse, and yet to Alioe Desmond, sittiog in tbe sunshine in front of an old home in a suburb 0! London, the time had dragged eo heavily it seemed an age. She sot on a stool, ber head resting against a email tree, her hands listlessly folded in ber lap. There were dark rings under her lovely, eyes, and a fixed pallor on her emooth cheek. An old woman came softly to the door, looked at ber, and shook her bead with a deep sigh. Sbs had been the girl's nnw, andloved ber with devotion. Whava shook it had been to her to hate her nuraltag come as she did! She could not attend hue wedding, but ehe sat by her lonely fire thinking of it one eveciDg juet at dusk, when oamealood,horriedknock on the front door, and there on the etep stood Alice, pallid as death — a veritable ghost, the fright ened woman at first thought. 'Ob, Nora, take me in! bide me away from the world, for my heart is broken P she panted, and fell faint and -xbao«tod acroBS the threshold ; aod there ehe had been ever since— a silent, joyous creature, eo un like ber old, gay, brilliant self, it wrung tbe woman's heart to look at ber. To-day ehe eat on the stool in the sun I ihine.liBtlees, hopdess. I 'Ob, that master would oome T' sighed ! old Nora; and soaroely bad tbe wish found utterance when the sate swung open, and Mr. Desmond and Phil Eingsly entered. Alice turned her head at the sound, aod startled op with a cry, only to sink back again on the stool, breathless, almost faint ing. The next moment she was in her ath cr's arms. ' Alice, my girl !— my darting !'' be cried, and broke down, his tears falling on ber bt&t; head. ' Oh, father,' she moanefr, ' why did you bring him with you I — I oannot brar it.' And then, mustering bis emotions, he told her the story he had told to the wedding guests. 'Had you eome to me thai nigut, my ehild, I would have told yoa then.' I shall not attempt to tell you how tbe girl felt. The revolsion from blackest despair to greatest joy made her senses almost reel* At first she listened, pale and bewildered, then ehe laughed and wept by tarns ; bat tbe moment of sapremeBt joy was when her lover'e arms clasped her, her lover's lips presssd hers, and she knew she need never shrink from him. Suffering bad taught her ths nature of happiness. They were married that day without pomp or Bbow ol any kind, *' for,' said Eingsly, 41 we will tiave no more wedding eves.' 