SPIRIT PHOTOS. 1 HOW TO RAISE GHOSIS. The spirit photos presented in a recent it issue in. connection with the exposure na in Sydney, make specially interest- E ing an interview lately published in a London ge paper.. It is as follows:- I "Nothing is easier. I can turn you out E ghosts by the dozen. They can be done to a order just like anything else less ethereal. hi As a matter of fact, the beginner in our pro- of feseion is often a ghostmaker quite against he his will. They come without his bidding, g, and disgusted enough he gets with them when C, they present themselves to him where he of would fain have conjured the counterfeit of ae fesh and blood upon his plate." of We were standing in a large Baker street to photographic studio; a thousand children's h, faces beamed down from the walls, for is not to Mr Faulkner par excellence the photographer in of children? Of ghosts there were none, E apparently, but we had appealed to Mr a Faulkner for some explanation of be GHOSHTS I THE CAMERA, fe because it is said that next to ghosts children are the moet difficult "objects" to photo. graph, and we felt convinced that, in his wide experienoe, Mr Faulkner must occasionally oc have crossed the thin border which be divides the child and the ghost, these qi next-door neighbors in the photographers, ae camera. The immediate fact which led cc to the invasion by the "Westminster re Gazette" of Mr Faulkner's studio was the (t bona-fide photography of a ghost. A young of girl had been photographed, in a private t< room, by an amateur photographer, who, so a, far, declines to believe in ghosts. When the fj photograph was developed there appeared w behind the figure of the girl in classio gar- a miaots another face-shadowy, but perfectly tl visible-the face, apparently, of a man with It towzly hair and a dark moustache, bending at over the girl's shoulder. There was no a1 trickery of any kind : the plate had not been (t tampered with; no one had interfered while C the photographing was in process. HOW CAME THIS GHOST ON TO THE PLATE F Mr Faulkner, as an expert, was asked to n explain. " It.is the beet ghost?i have ever ci seen on a photograph," this gentleman ex- g plained, after a minute examination of the oi plate, "and how it has got there I cannot ea exactly tell. Though, mind you," added Mr C Faulkner, with the ghost of an amused smile, o0 " I am no more a believer in ghosts than you E are. There are various ways in which an Im- I pression of this kind can be produced on a A camera. In the present ease I should say r that either somebody has passed behind th a lady while the plate on which she was being d photographed was exposed, or a reflection on I some window or glassedoor has produced the g effect. Any photographer can c4 MANUFACTURE A GHOST FOR YOU L with the greatest ease. For instance, if I d give a long exposure to a plate, and during P the exposure some one-perhaps draped a in a sheet-appears for a moment behind the sitter, and then disappears again, a faint impression appears, of course, on the plate. When I first took to photography, years ago, I often amused myself and my assistant by produoing chosts in this way. p And beginners in photography very often C produce ghosteagainst their wills by incor rectlyfocnseing the object they are about to photograph. " Then, again, it is very easy, for anyone t inclined to do so to hoax Spiritualista and o other people of fervent faith. An impressionr may be made on a plate and covered up. f Afterwards, when a believer imagines that a c ghost is present and might be caught in the c camera, the plate is exposed once more and I both Spiritualist and" ghost " appear in the d photograph. It is truly marvellous how some of the good people who go in for spiritualism and kindred sciences allow them. selves to be duped. We have had several instances of thiakind. Some time ago an old gentleman, a barrister, who had a very good position in the colonies, hved over kere, just round the corner. He was a great faith. healer and spiritualist; a clever old fellow, I should say, and theroughly -a. earsnet about his occult science. His wife died, and he came here one morning saying that he would like to be photographed. He would I bring what he called his battery, and he thought THE SPIRIT OF HIS WIFE would appear on the plate. Of course, I had to keep serious ; it was not my business to ex press an opinion about the spirit. Presently he came in, and with him was a party of men and women. These were his 'battery.' I put him in position for a photograph, and the battery sat behind him in a semicircle, far enough away not to come into the focus of the 1 camera. Presently, a member of the battery, a wretched-looking little cobbler, began to groan and wriggle and to go into all kinds of contortions. 'He can't help it,' a young lady of the party informed me ; 'nor can he help talking in that strange way. He is in a trance, possessed by THE SPIRIT OF AN INDIAN CHIEF.' It was well she explained, for the fellow began to talk in a would-be foreign accent, the most absurd and idiotic stuff I have ever listened to. Sometimes he forgot himself, and talked inhis own Cockney tongue, but thenhe pulledhimself together again, and we hada t little more of the Indian chief. It was a great 1 joke, but I was sorry for the poor old man who was deluded by these people. When the photographwas taken, the young lady of the partyinsisted uponcomming intothe dark zoom to see what was on the plate. Of course there was nothing except the fine figure of the old Colonel, but she turned to me and said, in a very superior tone,' To you it does not ap pear so, becamuse your eyes are not opened; but I seeo millions and millions of angels on this plate." " Another time, now a good many years ago, we had a curious experience with people of this class. A very lovely young lady, of a well-known aristocratic family, had been photographed and painted by us several times. She married, and after some years her husband came to us very sadly, and said he wouldlike us to senddown to his house forthe purpose of taking A PIHOTOGCRAPIH OF TIIEIR DEAD BAIY. When our man got there, the tiny child, which had only lived an hour, could not pos sibly be photographed, but the husband in. saisted on having a likeness of the chld. So one of our artists medea drawing, and as the photograph was absolutely uselesr, he made it as well as he could after the likeness of the baby's beautifulmother, which was hang ing in their studio. When it was finished the father came one morning to look at the picture. He stood before it for some time, and then went away, saying he would be backo presently. Some hours later he came back, rather excited, and asked to see the portrait again. He stoodin frontof it, and then asked that the upper part of the face should be covered up, When we had done so, he said, with mtense satisfaction, ' Yes, it is the child ; I recognise it by the lower part of the face.' The man, after leaving us that morning, had gone to a medium and asked to be shown the face of his dead child. How they managed it all I cannot tell, but he cer tainly came back to us with the impression tuat our drawing was the portrait of the angel child he had seen in the medium's room." Factory skrim milk is much more nutritious alone than is the whey from cheese-making, but the skim milk.can very cheaply be made quite as nutritions as new milk by the addition of about 81b. linseed meal, boiled in four gallons I of water to each 1001b. milk, or 41b. emulsified fat, or 31b. of cod liver or cocoanut oil to each 10 gallons of skim milk is an excellent thing for calves. The linseed is boiled in water, about 2lb. to a gallon, and this will form a jelly when mIod. About half a pint of the jelly to'each feed will make the skim milk eqal to new milk Sas acalf food. :'Oilcake boiled with water ought also to be profitable and cheap to mix with the skim milk. 