A SHOCK to SPIRITUALISM \- THE SPOOK-HUNTERS HU'2TTBD. Some Incredulous Sydney Merchants anS Pressmen undertake to investigate, and eacoeei in laying the Ghost by the Heels The Spook proven to be no Apparition, ? tut a real Flesh-and-blood Citizenesg* 3Hp£. Kfillon and Her PnmpkSn-Headed Disciples. Exit tho Besant-Mellon- KsoOarthy Trinity of Turbulent Theorhts. Science and Sham; The wonderful Spiritualistic Manifestations which have been tbe subject of so much cariosity, conjecture, and criticism, came to an untimely end last Week, and are not likely to be repeated for seme time to come, unless it be in conncction . with ' fresh fields and pastures new.' In point of fact, the bubble has bum, and the fraud has been ' mani fested,' and the Ghost has been laid to rest. ? ? It will be reaembeTed that for some time past there have been carious rumors afl&at; respecting extraordinary miracles wrought by Doctor McCarthy, of Elizabeth-street, Sydney, and Mra. Mellon, of Waverley. This brace of advanced Spiritualists gathered j around them (from the most select ranks in I Sydney society) a number of ladies and 1 gentlemen, who, to some extent, went 'off j their heads' under the strain of implicit belief in all the Manifestations of Marvels to which they were treated at successive I Seances. | Advantage waa also taken of Mrs. Besant's visit to hallow the Circle with the loan of I her distinguished Thcosophistical presence ; I and on the same night a Christian clergyman (the Reverend George Walters, of Livcrpool I street) joined the JJapic Ring. What tbe clergyman thought of the production of visionary visitant?, who(litcrally) ' came like j shadows, and so departed,' is on record in a letter which he wrote to the ' S unday Times ' in corroboration of its report of the pro* ceedings. On the Gth instant Mr. Walters wrote 41 (TO THE BDlTOIt.) Sir, — Raving, at your request, perused tbe proof of »n article describing a acance held at Dr. M'Csrthy'a house, at which Mrs. Bestnt and others, including myself, were preaeut, I cab say u&hesit;&tingly; that th* articlo gave a simple, straightforward, unvarnished account of what did occur. All those present were apparently in their ordinary senses. They saw and heard all that your representative faas recorded. His attitude with regard to the probable explanation and tbe need for further investigation in a candid, unprejudiced and scientific spirit is the attitude 1 trould myself adopt.—I em, etc., George Walters.' The approval given by Mrs..Besant, audi the enlistment of the sympathies of a Christian clergyman, gave the new fanaticism an unnatural fillip, and tt.Ps.. magistrates, doctors, and commercial mag nates vied with one another in touting after the privilege of admission to the Seances, aud when admitted, sang as lustily as could be, in invocation of the Spirits from Spirit land. As happens with all such swindles, the exposure came jost when the prosperity of the new ianaticiBm seemed best assured. On Friday, the 12th inst., the whole 'Shew' was given away, much to the disgust of the conspirators, and not less ? to that ef the sedate and elderly church-goers who had sung so InBtily in their incantatienB to the Evil One for a supply of Ghosts. On the night in question the Seancc was held at Mrs. Mellon's private residence, Waverley-road, and was attended by about a score of persons. Most of these were believers, bnt alas, a few, unfortunately, were sceptics, and the presence of the latter led to the woeful exposure. The gueBts were first arranged in two 6emi-circular rows in a large rsom on tbe ground floor. The lights were all ex tinguished except a faint light in front. At the darkened end of the room were a pair of curtains, behind which Mrs. Mellon retired in order t« act as a Medium, and while in a state of Trance to materialise GhoBts as re quired. Tho nirnlA WOO aa uoviol sing, and immediately rendered one or two vocal selections in a not very spirited man ner. At the end of a quarter of an hour, what appeared to be a dark shadow flitted abont the room and waved itB arms, dis appearing a few seconds afterwards, .though nst with out accentuating its exit by a polite gesture made after the fashion of polito denisens of this unspiritnal earth. Some more singing followed, and then the shadow of a dark-bearded man dodged about for a few moments, and was recognised, by its outlines, as tbe Spirit of Geordie Thomp son, who always appears in the same garb and grimace whenever Mrs. Mellon ma terialises, ' Geordie ' was recognised as an old acquaintance, and was accordingly greeted with more familiarity than reverence. After ' Geordie' Thompson had come and gone, another old friend appeared in the person, er rather outline, of a little black girl, known to tbe Spiritualists as ' Cissy.' Like her predecessor,. 'Cissy' always eventuates when Mrs. Mellon acts as the medium-uauifestrix. The all-absorbing whim of 'Cissy' has hitherto been a craving lor chocolate creams, for which toothsome morsels she invariably professed to be hunting, -Aware of her infirmity, some of the more pronounced devotees strewed bon-bon boxes of them about-the room, inmuch the Vame'fftshioh bb the Chinese strew pork and pickleB for the edification of their Jobs- ' Cissy '—with an intuition xarTelloue is one soneW to earth-* soon pofiseesed herself of these, and munched aw»y conte&tedij; at them for awttle^«&d; even^ went so far as to rattle tbe hoxA, 1 within earshot of the awe-Btricken circlet ' m and to offer some to favored guests,' I Among the visitors was Mr. T. S. Henry, of Lincoln's-lnn Chambers, Elizabeth- street, Sydney, and he, being , sceptical, arranged with Mr. C. L. Wallis, a brother-sceptic^ to make an attempt to seize the Sposk, or, in other words, to materialise the materialised material. Under pretence of picking up his lead- pencil, Mr. Henry made a well-timed run, and succeeded in grabbing ' Cissy' by the arm. Mr. Wallis, as had been arranged, hastily struck a match, and lit tbe gas ; and then was seen a sight that froze all the Spiritual* istic fervor in the veins of the erstwhile crazed believers. Still holding ' Gissy ' (who, to the conBtemation of the Spiritualists, did not immediately vanish into thin air, but Btrnggled desperately), Mr. Henry tore a black mask off her face, and then and there exposed, Mrs. Mellon, on her knees, and barefested, and with a white mnslin wrap over her sbooldcis to give her the ghost-like appear ance tbat she had presented in the ' dim and irreligious light' which preceded the ignition of the gas. A thorough search was then made behind the curtain, and, of course, no Mrs. Mellon was there in a trance, as, indeed, how could she be, seeing tbat she was hobbled by Mr. Henry while personating the ghost ' Cissy V* The searchers succeeded, however, in dis covering Mrs. Helta's shoes and stockings, which were at once handed to her so as to cover up her dainty ' tootsies' from the contemptuous gaze of the disenchanted. They alBo found a black beard (false) which corresponded with the one worn by the ghost of ' Geordie Thompson also a small cotton bag a&d; a black Bhawl| and other r.' AppaeitI05at. .Aids. ? For a time, oi course, contusion reignei supreme, bnt eventually it was decided to meet subsequently and tallc tbe matter over. At the subsequent meeting one or two oE the regular attendants at the Seances stubbornly denied the evidence of their own eyes, and stoutly insisted that Mr. Henry and Mr. Wallis had imagined the whole exposure of the preceding night. The bulk of the visitors, however, expressed their dis gust at the way they had been duped, and offered to give evidence in a Court of Law on oath, if ncccBsary, as to the fraud and its exposure. Mrs. Mellon admitted being grabbed and held by Mr. Henry in the very epot where ' Cissy ' was manifesting, although supposed at the time to be in a trance behind the cur tain. She explained this by saying that the moment Mr. Henry seized the gbost, somo unseen Tower precipitated her, noiselessly and instantaneously, through the air (pre sumably like a Witch on a broomstick), into the exact spot where Cis«y's Ghost was manifesting. Singular to say, some of tbe more superlatively idiotic ladies and gentlemen accepted this explanation as satisfactory. Mrs. Mellon also added that she had frequently been so precipitated before, and tbat Doctor MacCarthy had weighed her after such precipitation and found sbo bad lost four stone by the materialisation. Iloctor MacCarthy was not present on the evening in question, when tbe exposure wat made, but it is said that he and Mrs. Uellon had a very interesting discussion concerning the mishap afterwardj. WJien questioned on the subject, Doctor MasCarthy said that he did not know whem to believe — the Spiritualists or the Sceptics, but that j probably one of the latter ' took hold of a materialised spirit before it had de materialised, and tbat he got his notions coiifuEed during the process of demateriali* Bation.' And Doctor MacCi r hy, let us add* is a presumably sane and rational man I In connection with the exposure, we recommend our readers to read Doctor McCarthy's article (as published by hint some weeks ago), on pnge -5 of this issue, by tbe light of the exposure just made. It will enhance its general interest and explain many things. Perhaps the richest joke In the whole business is, the corroborative letter from the Beverend Mr. George Walters, which we pub lish in tbe earlier portion of. this article. It is BO richly humorous that it is worth the readers while to turn back and re-read it. Meanwhile, Mrs. Mellon and the Dootor must enjoy many a hearty laugh at the Society idiots that the 6eanoes imposed upon — especially at the f rantie efforts of soxse of the croaky-Toiced swells and tuneful parsons to sine sweetly enough to charm the Spirits from their native lair. . Mrs.. Mellon Is, her., self, a charming little woman, who haB had the loan of several city magnates, who,' pawned their Christianity to join in the, Spook-hunt, which will be ever memorable in the annall ?£ Sydney's )?«ols anc Follies. ? j.' 