VICTORIAN ITEMS. It is believed that a man named James Farnham Reid, lately a clerk in the Royal Albert Docks, London, who is believed to have murdered Miss Florence Dennis, of Southend-on-Sea, is in or on his way to Melbourne, A description of him has been published by the police. The Executive has received the resigna- tions of Captain Willoughby and Major Sebright, aide de-camp to His Excellency the Governor. Major Sebright has gone to Adelaide to accept the position of Private Secretary to the Earl of Kintore, while the former has left for London. Says an exchange in something like astonishment western Hals, the famous jockey, has a brother who has for over 20 years been boots 'atan hotel in Casterton." Well, what of iii it is Is it derogatory to the dignity of the great jockey that his relative should be so humbly and withal so usefully employed 1 If he has been " boots " at one hotel for 20 years, then he is equally as famous a " boots " as his brother is a jockey. A singular suicide took place this week in the Yarra near the morgue. A man named William James Irwin, aged 45, a resident on the Fulham Estate, Sale, also known as a mining speculator, was observed to enter the Y urra. He was got out, but again took a second plunge, and was not seen again. The deceased is st ted to have been married to a lady possessing considerable means, In January last she supplied him with money to go to Coolgardie, but he remained about Perth spending the money. Lately be suffered from pains in the head, and had been under the care of doctors, but appeared to have recovered. John Cook and Robert Jones, the former recently employed as a coachman to Mr. P. Mcguinness, of Studley-park, and the latter now employed as coachman to Mr. Frank Madden, have been arrested on a charge of wilfully destroying 30 cypress trees' belonging to Mr. McGuinness The men were traced owing to the detectives taking a plaster cast of the footprints, are showing a. boot with protectors on the toe and heel corresponding with Cook a boots. A sample in the " early marriage " line came under the notice of the Richmond Magistrates on Monday, when a young fellow of boyish appearance, named Cecil Rtstreaux, brought his two little children before the Burra, and asked for their committal to the Industrial Schools. His wife had cleared the house of its contents and then cleared out himself, leaving him with the two children: The father was destitute, j but offered to pay for their support us soon as he could get money. He admitted having married when 19 years old. The Bench ordered him to pay 5s, weekly for the children's support. The Melbourne merchants believe that the war between China and Japan should offer special opportunities for developing Australian trade, if Messrs. ' RWe and Kelly, the Victorian trade delegates who are now visiting the East with the express object of introducing local products, show themselves capable of turning to good account the only circumstance of their being in the vicinity. At the date of the advices resi ceived by the last mail these gentlemen had I been moving about Singapore, Sourabaya ! and Batavia-, with a view to opening up new markets. The letter was written from Shanghai, and dated July 13. Particulars are given of a visit paid to Batavia and Souruba>a by Mr. Kelly, whilst his colleague had presided over an exhibition of Victorian products held at Singapore As the result of careful inquiries, Mr. Kelly reports that there appeared to be good openings in Java for hams, brandy, ale, butter, cheese, flour, jams, and preserved fruits, A similar case to that of St. Helen's water supply running through a cemetery, as stated by Sir Edward Braddon, is reported to the Melbourne Board of Public Health by one of its inspectors that the drainage from the local cemetery flows into the Malmsbury reservoir. Consequently the residents of Malmsbury will not drink the water from the reservoir, which is condemned by the Health Officer as " unwholesome Nevertheless, the water appears to agree very well with the people of Bendigo, who, as a matter of fact, take much pride in the Coliban water supply, insisting that there is only one beverage superior to it that is Bendigo brandy. The two, in combination, are said to exercise a very potent influence, which is very possibly traceable to the ''stiffening" the water gets at Malmsbury. It has been determined to make an exhaustive examination of the whole Coliban scheme. The result of the election for the V.R.C. Committee furnished something of a surprise in that it was thought that Mr. A. W. Robertson would have been certain to have been returned unopposed. Apparently his friends in the country did not avail themselves to a sufficient extent of the privilege of voting by post. That the Hon. George Davis should have failed to gain a seat on the committee was only what was expected, after his deliverance of a week previously. His address at Menzie's Hotel was far too full of thegricva'oce,thewrong indeed, he declared he suffered under owing to the V.R.C. Committee revising the decision of the V.A.T.C. and giving the Caulfield Cup to Sainfoin. It was feared that if Mr. Davis was elected, his own personal matters would be aired in season and out of season to the injury of other sporting business. Without a doubt this prevented sufficient votes to return him from being recorded. The new man, Mr. W. T. Jones, should prove an acquisition. He has had a long and intimate acquaintance with racing, has owned horses himself, and has been a bold better, so that he should be able to bring experience to bear on such matters as come before him as a committeman. Another grossly illegal proceeding took place this week when a crowd of operatives, who were threatened with loss of employment, kept moving round the precincts of Parliament House with the intent to influence members. It has, however, been found that there exists very wisely upon Statute Book an Act which draws a cordon round Parliament House, and renders liable to penalties any persons who assemble or march in procession within its limits. The Act was passed somewhere in the early sixties, and was rendered necessary by the stoning of the mounted police by the mob in the old Parliament yard, an affray in which the troopers suffered severely, and which was only quelled by their charging the mob. Every sympathy with the unfortunate tobacco operatives is expressed, but the right of Parliament to legislate without coercion hat to be maintained. In consequence of what is described as the gasping Bel shyness of the fishmongers of the city, the Customs authorities have been intensely disgusted with the result of the re- opening of Western Port Bay for oyster fishing, which it appears has proved an utter failure in its chief object of providing the public with good oysters at a price which would undersell the imported shell fish. This reduction in price is exactly what has not taken place. Although the ill-advised rush of fishermen flooded the market, so that in the first week the wholesale price went down from 18s to 10s. a bag, and the fishermen are now required to keep down to half a bag per day so as to avoid over supply, the price charged to the public has been Is. a dozen, or 6d. in the shell, which is just the same as usual, and the public may say to the fishmongers, "Thank you for nothing." The top price has been kept' up by the fishmongers, although the competition among the fishermen reduced the cost to the fishmonger by nearly one-half, and through this greed on the part of the fish shopkeepers, the laudable object of the authorities has been completely defeated. It is another forcible illustration of the middle- man's intervention, which is scarcely better represented in anything than in the fish supply of Melbourne conducted by a class of men who " sweat " the seller while they ',* bleed" the buyer..- ?- - . Mr. Murphy, the member for Ballarat East, furnished a sensation in the Assembly the other night. Everything was going along smoothly. The Premier had promised the non-collection of certain obnoxious duties, when up rose the hon. member to demand in his broadest rose-tinted tones, whether it was true that 600 men were to be dispensed with from the Railway Department " Because if it is true, if he were my born brother, I would go again' the Premier, added Mr. Murphy. The House recognised the honesty of purpose and sympathy with the workers actuating the hon. gentleman and cheered that feeling, while they laughed at the quiet way in which it was expressed, They were lunching in a hostelry greatly frequented by pastoralists and agriculturists, and at one table a party of three were discussing the proprietor of large flocks and herds. " And yet," said one, I remember his father when he was only a poor shep- herd." And then from an adjoining table prove a gigantic form which strode over to the conversing party, and from which came the following < couched in the broadest doric. " Only a poor shepherd 1, mon I'd have ye ken that some of our grandest and reaches folk have been shepherds. Only a poor shepherd, indeed. Hoot 1 '' Then the great form went back to its own table, and when the party had recovered from the shock, they were enable to identify it as belonging to one of the most powerful of Australian shepherd ki ogs, one whose flocks and herds roam o'er a hundred hills and plains, and who was himself sprung from a long line of Scottish and Australian shepherds, The position of the Government reminds one of the story of the Jackdaw of Rheims, who stole the turquoise ring of the Cardinal Archbishop, When his grace by bell, book and candle, banned the thief whom he thought would be found amongst his guests, both body and soul in this life, and forever the poor jackdaw became a pitiable object, his head rolled down, his wings dragged on the floor, his feathers were all burned, and with the ghost of a cow he begged the company to follow to the place where he had concealed the ring. And when afterwards the Archbishop removed the curse the bird grew sleek again, perky and impudent, wagging his tail, working his eye and cocking his head on one side, and grew afterwards so devout that when he died in the odour of sanctity, he was canonised under the name of Jim Crow. Somewhat like this has been the attitude of the Ministry. They were perky, self-confident and up to tricks when they submitted their budget, but when the Cardinal Archbishop cursed them, they mounted and shed all the feathers of their plumage be objected to, and then when he seemed pleased they grew fat and sleek, and self satisfied again. But now there has come another change, and a new storm'hsB pro needed from the equator of the House, which has proved destructive. The question of the leadership of the new party to govern in the Assembly is already freely discussed. As leader of another Government Mr. Shiels is simply' impossible. He is too entirely discredited, and he is leading the Opposition so badly that their loyalty towards him is sadly strained. In fact, a number of members of the Opposition corner, the Tucker crowd as it is called, do not go into the Opposition room when caucuses are summoned. Their game is to work out the other, eye towards the Ministerial corner men. The names of Messrs. Tucker, Shiels,- Walter Madden, and Sir Graham Berry are among those most canvassed. Sir Graham rests upon the reputa- tion of having been once an excellent Protectionist Treasurer, but his recent excursion in the direction of prohibitive duties lins smudged his reputation though he might at the 11th hour be chosen-and Mr.\V_lter Madden, who commands much weight in the House by his personal influence, in scarcely d opened to contest for the prize, for he is a quiet man who dislikes ttaelbullyiug that Al ministers are exposed to. The betting therefore at the present time it even on Mr. Tucker, because members Bay, he is the only man who has been 20 years in the House with " nothing to apologise for." ADTltjato Moiauui Fare loungers D In yen rest by a tick child lettering with the pain of! cutting teeth. Go stones to a attitude and got a basis of Mrs. WrNBLoiVs Sootuimo Smor. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly linen tea and pleasant to taste, it produces sitora) quiet sleep by relieving Mr child from pain, and tin Oula cherub awakes "as bright at a button. It soothes Um child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, ncuUtw'tha bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and dangers, who'.berarltdii tronw teething or other causes. Mo. Winslow'»Booti tng Syrup is sold by asunder desire ever start at 