Keview. The Plenary Inspiration of the Bible : A defence and a reply. Being a Discourse delivered in St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church, Sydney, on the Assembly Sabbath, the 11th March, 1894. By the Rev. George Grimm, M.A., Tutor in Hebrew and Systematic Theology to the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales, author of The Australian Explorers, etc. Issued by a Committee of the audience. Sydney : Angus & Robertson. This pamphlet contains a defence of the theory of verbal inspiration, and of course has been called forth by the recent address of the Moderator of the PreBbyterian General Assembly. We gave an abstract of that i addreBB, and we deal similarly with the Eev. George Grimm's rejoinder, but as we uttered no word of comment on the address, so we shall do no more now than merely present a fair abstract of the opposing argument. Mr. Grimm addresses those who reject inspiration altogether, a,nd also those who admit it in part. For the Eev. George Maclnnes he profesaes the most sincere esteem and admiration, values his friendship highly, and hopes to retain ifc, as Mr. Maclnnes will see that he has steered clear of the bitterness of controversy. But he regrets the more that Mr. Maclnnen should have by an error of judg ment misused a high position of trust, and by hia illadvised addreBB have wounded the «en aibilitieg of many to whom the word of God is dearer than life itself. So much for the preface. In the discourse itself Mr. Grimm notes the growing desire to bavs the Bible accepted and explained on precisely the same principles as any olher book. The view taken by many be nays is that Bible writers were honest and well mean ing men, whose aim was to instruct by the light in them their own contemporaries and succeeding generations. To adopt that view would be to surrender the whole case : the only claim that the Bible can make to be of supreme authority in faith and practice is on the ground that it is divine in origin. It is also to be noted as anfortunate for those who argue that the authors of the Bible wrote to instruct mankind, that these writers were most uneducated men, not likely from the human point of view to Bucceed in their pur pose. But, accepting the theory of inspiration, the character and educational attainments of the Bible authors preBentB no difficulty, says Mr. Grimm : they were earthen vessel in which heavenly treasure waa placed. The difficulty of dispensing with the inspiration theory is increased he goes on to show when note ia taken of the loftiness of the trutha recorded. But it is no marvel, surely, he asks, that if God has vouchsafed a revelation to man, He also efficaciously guided chosen men to give it to the world. Another pre sumption in favour ot plenary inspiration is the promise of Christ to send the Holy Ghost as a guide to lead His people to all truth, and the promise of inspiration given on another occasion, when the Saviour was depicting the earthly trials awaiting His disciples. Was it reasonable, asks Mr. Grimm, that the Spirit was to be given to speak for the temporal se curity of the disciples, but was withdrawn when they addressed themnelves to the task of writing the oracles of our faith ? The more direct proofs of the inspiration of the Scrip tures are tien Btated. Firstly, the evidence of their Divine source in the adaptation of Bible truths and principles to the needs of man's spiritual nature. The Bible being taken as the guide of individuals or of com munities, there follows the development of all that is good in humanity and the suppression of its corruptions. Compared with the weakness of philosophy as a moral agent, how potent iB the Bible ; and its potency is an evidence of itB divine origin. A second proof of inspiration is to be found writes Mr. Grimm in the organic unity of the Scriptures. The whole Bible waB 1500 yearB in producing; there could have been no collusion among the writers, for they were scattered widely alike in time and in place ; yet their work embodies a perfectly harmo nious and complete syatem of doctrine. The fulfilment of f,he prophecies is a third link in the chain of evidence for inspiration, while the influence the Bible has exerted on the world since its appearance is a fourth. Only a belief in the inspiration of, the Scrip tures accounts adequately for the fidelity with which the record was made, even when some infirmity or sin of the reporter is narrated. Thus Moses, David, and Peter accuse them selves. As to the mode of inspiration, Mr. Grimm points out that the Divine will did not use the writers as bo many machines, but employed all the human powers for the trans mission of the heavenly message. And hence we have the indescribable charm which invests the Scriptnres — a blending of tbe divine and the human, and every characteristic of the human exhibited which can give grace and variety to the composition. Mr. Grimm pasees then to the question how far the writers of the books of Scripture themeftkes claimed to have the guidanca of the Spirit of God. He cites passages from the Psalms, from Jeremiah, from the Acts of tbe Apostles, from St. Paul's Epietfea, and from St. Peter, in proof of the assertion that the authors recognised both for them eelves and for others the receipt of this guidance of the Holy Ghost. And he also quoteB from David, from St. Paul, and from the words of Christ Himself to show that the leading of tbe Holy Spirit had extended to words and even to letters. The writer con fesses himself notable to understand a theory of inspiration which did not embrace the words of Scripture as well as the ideas — a divorce ot thought and of the expression of thought he regards as both unnatural and unphilosphical. Answering Mr. Maclnnes' objection that iE the writerB of Scripture were verbally inspired the inspiration must have been extended, to- the persons who in any case wrote from dictation, Mr. Grimm says the practice of dictation was exceptional, and that it was not likely St. Paul for instance would allow the work of his amanuensis to pass without revision, and correction if neces sary. Answering also the objection that the theory of verbal inspiration de mands not only issue of the pure word of God as from the fountain of the inspired authors but its preservation in a pure condition throughout the ages, Mr. Grimm points out that in fact the Old Testa ment Scriptures and the New Testament Scriptures, committed severally to the guard ianship of the Jewish and of the Christian Church, had been sacredly kepi Admitting the unavoidable errorn due to transcription, which however had affected no doctrine, nor any precept or role pertaining to the religious life, Mr, Grimm aays the danger of error could not survive the invention of printing. And the new science of Biblical criticism had so effectively detected aud expunged the errors of tranacription that it hao been found ' possible to assent that the labours of critics hate restored to the Church in the mneteantb i century the text of the New Testament v&A; almost pristine perfection. As for the degree* \ of inspiration which the various parto of the Bible have received, that v?nB a question which could receive no answer unless it were possible to collate the experiences of each individual reacfer. The writer denies that the theory o£ verbai inspiration turns the Bible into a code oj rules, except in making it the rule and guide of life, in the way of the Psalmist who declared it to be a lamp to his feet and a light to his path. The Scriptures did indeed testify of Christ, as He bad said, and for the effectiveness of their teotimony it was requisite that they should be verbally inspired, and be in very deed the Word of God. We have the pamphlet from Messrs. Angus and Robertson. 