SOCIAL GOSSIP. tf2T It is reqveilod I hat NOTICES of SOCIAL GATHERINGS Hi fended for ineert\m in ,l!iu column may oe tier-patched eo ae to teach the editor not later than THVRSVAE HORNING in each meek. EST It is travelled that all reports of enrprice parties and other gatherings should have the llnnus and addrcrscs of the writers for tit, private in/orma- fion" 0/ the editor, and as a picagaofth good fan Daring tho week ,social matters in tlio city have been at a standstill, owing to the attraction of,.ihc V.Tt, C. racing carnival in Melbourne. Sir Robert Bui/, Lady But! and tlio Misses Duff, who are ottendod by Mr. R. '.7. Bits', A. B.C.', are the guests of Lord and Lady Hopetoun. ' They aru ex. peeted to return to Sydney on Tuesday next. ?rom a coslumiere's point of view Derby Day was a success. The dressing was never more variod in character or elegant in style. Tho time when a woman woro a neat tailor costume and a simple hat seems suddenly to havo passed away, for none were "in it" on Saturday who did not don their lighiestand brightest gowns (writes "Qneon Be'b" in tho Annus). Amidst , so , much' that was elaborate, there was one, thing we havo to bo thankful for. namely, that no.goWn of tho present vivid-hued fabrics was constructed without sOino introduction of black. Another point Very noticeable was the cut and good fit of' almost every dress present. Chiffon, as anticipated, " was very popular, nnd 'it emphasised ; some point in 'nearly every, dress;. , Another- .charming . finish was obtained? by. bodice trimmincs,' and in'.somo instances- those ,;of the -skirt' also, by the application: of ' bands of black and white satin '-ribbon;- -with over them a band ot deep eream-oolornd lacei or guipure insortlon, Tiid-'slhcvob' in most instances wero arranged in elaborate puffs, the fulness falling rather than ; expanding.-' Aftot the- efforts of many seasons.: wo' have, at last accomplished ii radical ; and" ionsibio dross reform in tho length' of.'skirtB;' These now fall-about tho- figure ih graceful folds, and' aro quite off tho ground. In' the matter, of hoad.gear women have in.'th'o'past been apt to follow fashion 'somewhat 'slavishly, but- now suitability to fabej", age and costume is tho ruling iden, 'It -was' a. rare thing on Saturday to .sea' a - Woman with a- hat or bonnet tha't did nbfc. suit her -general stylo and harmoniso- with her -gown; . ' The party from Govorninont Houso was a very largconej including.nb fower .than five intercolonial Governors', of whom four were' accompanied by thoir w-ives. Thoy arrived' shortly boforc 1 o'clock in two State carriages, the various aides and. young Taay visitors reaching the course - by train." Lady Hope toun was charmingly dressed in fino cream inousselinc de isoic- and- lace made' up over pink silki witlf deep lacb- trills 'at tho elbows, a small stringless bonnot formed of biuo forgct-iuo-nots and pitik roses, cream cloves and a oroam.,frillsd euoshade. Lady Duff woro a most effective costume of deep' coral pinic : faille, with - a. flouuce of black chuntilly laco, the bodico partially vcilod with lace,' which also formed -a- deep basque- frill, aud a small black stringless ' bonnet trimmed y.itli black' and gold. Lady Gorinanston wore 'amethyst silk, with the bodice trimmed with, handsome i black laee, shoulder frills of lace'and a bonnet en suite. Lady Norman' wore blacl: and whito checked silk, trimmed with 'black waterbd ribbon, and a pretty blackbonnct'.. The Hon. Mrs. Candy was iri black "striped silk grena dine made qp ;over ' eillc and trimmed with: lacc. Lady Madden woro black, rclicvod on .the. bodies with a good deal of mauve; and a small jet bonder trimmed with gold. ' Lady Williams woro a handsome black costume, and'a small black bonnet with-decp pink roses.- Miss Williams was in pink; with , a.-black hat". Miss Heather Buff , wore cream, with'salmbu pink ribbons. . Amongst 'the Sydnoy ladies present wore Mrs. Pred-iAranson, wearing a dove grey, silk skirt, and bodice of white chiffon and a. picturesque ,haf; > Miss ; Burdekin; - a Frdnchy frock , of. yollow. silk with bunches, of . baby ribbon1 'in pale blub; pink and yellow, andlargeshady hat with' Colors cor responding; Mri. -.'Walter' Hull,"iiavy blue and while " chocked glace, blue bodice covered with black . accordcon-Dleated chiffon and 'sash of black ribbon, gold bonnet and .cornflowers; Miss' Kabtit looked' well in .one of tlio new cottons; palo -pink 'and-white woven in a buckabnck pattern,' made with a doublo. cape and trimmed with' cream guipnro lace'; whito straw hat with pink and white rosea. Mrs. Edward Stanhope woro n 'costume of fancy stripod'silk, trimmed with salmon-pink ribbon. Miss Nellio Stewart wore one of the fashionable washing silica- in a triplo check, black, cream, aud pale greon"; with thiBwas worn a pointod capo of butter guipure lace, and largo black picture hat. Mrs James White, whito silk covered with black moire-striped' grenadine, black chiffon' bodice tritnmbd with jot ; black jet bon net with ivhito lace wings and violets. About 2000 ladies and gontlomen at tended tho first 'of tha two balls to be given by the Earl - and Countess;'- of Hopetoun during race week, which took -place at Government House, Melbourne, on Mon day night; The speotaolo was a -very bril liant one, the'ordors, worn by- the gentlemen and tho handsome , toilets "and ' sparkling jewels of the ladies' adding .greatly to th» brilliance " of tlio scene!.-" . The first sot of lancers was formed immediately after the strains of tho- National Anthem had died- away. Lord Hopetoun danced with Lady Duff, Sir Robert Duff with the Countess of Hopetoun, Sir William' Robin son with Viscouutcss Gorinanston, Lord Kintoro witltjLady Norman, the Ohiof Jus; ties (Sir John Madden with Lady Louisa Fielding; Gonoial Fielding with Ladv Madden, Viscount Gorinanston with tho .Hon. Mrs. - Candy, and Hon.' W. ,Ouihbcrf' with Lady Sorry. Tito' Countess of Hopeto'dn wore a maonjfi- oent costume of Empress pink siik brocaded in a sir.uli design in light .grey with broad pink' satin stripes, pink satin sash', deep lace berth's; diamond ornaments, and carried a shower bouqu'et of pink earnatious. Lady Buff woro turquoisii satjn, . with moire sleeves and white liice of berthe, jewelled bullion passementerie and diamonds. Lady Norman's ob'stuma was of silver grey, with moirq panels and sleoveB- of potunia velvet, and "a '1 cbron'ot -set1" with '-amethysts. T!io ' Misses' Buff, Miss Norman and Miss Mildred Bowdcn - Smith wore all in .white.' In tho; st'eond sot of luneers Lord Kintore danced with the Conn- toss of Hopetoun, Lord, iJopotoun with Lady Norman„Sir RbbortDuff with Lady Gormanstoh;' Sir William Robinson with Mrs,. Turner, Captain White, R.N., with Lady- Duff, Sir. Frederick Sargood with Lady' Louisa Fielding, Lieutenant-Colonel Ponoo with Lady Sargood; the Promier (Mr. Turner)' with Mrs'. Winter Cook. . ' Tho second ball given -by tho Earl and Cou'iiless' of Hopetoun in connection with tho Cup week festivities tbolc place on Wednesday evening. In brilliancy it out shone tho first ball, and the attendance was again very largo. The vice-regal parly was tho same us' on Monday with the exception of Lord Gormanstori. In tho first-set of lancers Lord Hopetoun danced with Lady Duff, Sir Robert Buff with the Countess of Hope toun, Lord Kintoro with Ladv Gormunston, Sir Williain Robinson with Lady Norman, Sir John Madden (Chief Justice) with the Hon. Mrs. Candy, Mr. Turner (Premier) with Lady Louisa Fcilding, Sir F. Sargood with Lady Madden," and Cap tain White, R.N., with Mrs. Turner. Tho Countess of Hopetoun wore palo helio trope satin with hanging sleoves and berthe of white net thickly covered with a rich design in gold Bpanglcs. Tho waistband was of oriental gulon, with a largb rosette at tho back, and a band of the same, studaod with diamonds, across the front of the bodice'. Lady Buff's costume was of shell pinls Bilk and moire,- with a berthe of dainty white French lacc, the bodico bordered with gold bullion galon thickly- jewelled With rubles, : and she carried a shower bouquet of pink . roses." - 1 Lady Norman appeared la a handsome costume of black satin and moire, with laca flounce and drapery. Lady Gorinanston woro whitu satin, with iargc iiown of buttercup velvet ; Lady Louisa Fcilding, bind: satin ; the Hon. Mrs. Candy, Louis XV. floral bro cade and Court bodico trimmed with lace ; Lady Madden, black satin ; aud Mrs. Turner, petunia ottoman silk. The gloomy weather which attended Cup Bay in connection with the V.U.O. carnival had a somewhat depressing effect upon tho costumes of ladies, who woro in many 'in stances persuaded to don morn sombre attire. Altiiougn tlio Government House party was this year smaller numerically than ir has been in some previous yours, in titular rank it tvaa ono of the most nistinguished that has over attended the Cup festivities. Tho party, in two carriages and attended by an escort of Mounted . Rifles, leit Government House shortly after 12 o'clock, and arrived at tile course at 12.45, beforo the first race. They wero received by tho stewards of the V.R.C., and on proceeding to the vice-regal box in the grandstand tha " National Anthem" was played by the bond. Tha party consisted of bis Excellency the Governor, the Countess of Hope- toun, Sir Robert Buff, Lady Buff,. Miss Buff, Mis3 Heatbor Buff, Miss Bowdcn- Smitb, the Earl o£ Kintore, Sir William Robinson, Viscount Gormaiislon", -Vis countess GormanBton, tho lion. Mrs. Candy, - Lady Norman, Miss Nor. man, Major Elliott, Captain Clayton, Major Sebright, Captain Milner, Mr. Beau- tnoutf rFetherston, Mr. R. H. Ramsden, Captain Pyne, Mr.- R. W. Duff, Mr, W. Pennynmn, Captain W.allington, Captain Forbes, Mr. Aguow Ralston, Mr, A. Raw-' iinson and Mr. Ord. Floating clouds, " those playful fancies of tile .mighty sky;'? cause as great approhon- sion on, the morning of Cup day as to what our 'attire shall bo (writes "Iris" in the Agi:). New gpwhs "do not grow on every tree, and therefore cannot be recklessly worn or lightly risked. Mr. Wraggo furthur adds: to our anxiety by predicting unpropitious weather and a storm into 'the bargain, which he'dignifics by the name of " Hoi ; " and tho irrepressible wit of our party suggests :that if thero is a r.torm" ahoy," washing gowns Would bo advisable, as consignment, to tho wash tub is in their case 'synonymous with rosurrectian. Many people harden them selves uselessly with mackintoshes and umbrellas to provide for contingencies, but with the exception of a few gentle drops on two occasions, tlio rain keeps off, much to the satisfaction of all parties, and I'atrou wins tlio Melbourne Cup for 1804 undor a fine though cloudy sky— . Tlmt look'd "As though nn angel, in bis upward flight, ; Had .left his mantle floating in mid-air. By 12 o'clock tho grandstand is comfort- ably packed, and by half-past there is apparently not room to equtezo another in dividual in. As one apgro33ivo woman an-, nounces, " We are packodlilcc sardines, and now. tho oil is a-comin'." Her remarlt is more graphic than .elegant ; nevertheless it is not far off the truth. It is, however, desirable to cling affcctionatoly to our. Boats until uftor tho first race at any rate, and every one seams anxious to witness tho arrival ot the vice-regal party, which takes place in tho two State carriages with a guard of honor composed of a detachment of mounted rifles. Thau there is great discussion as to who is, who of the. notabilities, and u gaping crowd of wcil-drcsscd pooplo gather ronnd the Governor's box, and same of them viow its inmates through their glassos without any compunction. And in this crowd of spectators there arc 8omo wondrous toilettes which repay inspcc- , lion, while tils sartorial qualities of tho geuus "Johnny" Buggost thoughts which would more than fill a column. Oliver Wendell Holmes's lines come to mind : — ! I know it is a sin ' « \- For mo to sit and grin >,' At him lioro ; But the old threo-cornorod hat, And the breeches, and all that, Are so queer! For " the old throe-cornered hat " and the nether garments substitute a highly var nished ohimnoy-pot and a shepherd's plaid continuations, with a prey frock coat, which does its best to reach the boots, which, by the way, aro yellow'; and by "all that" understand a pink shirs figurod with white, a blue butterfly tie . with it gold bar brooch in tho centre of tho bow, and then yon will forgive mo for tiro Baid sin. There is so much to note in the way of dress that tho study of physiognomy has to retire .in:- its favor, attractive though is is. . A French anthropologist, M. A. Bertillon, enumerates 21 characteristic forms of . tho humun nose. Were he hero to-day ho would find sonie difficulty in thuB classifying theilf. It is, however, to dross that atten tion must bo turned, to the change of fashions — that tax that tho industry of. tho poor levies on the rich. One decided improvement was in the length of skirts, which were worn quite short, and clear the ground comfortably. This fashion was followed by the Countess of Hopetoun, who woro a Bmaft.gown of cheeked shot silk, tu which grey, pink" and black were all combined. The bodice was trimmed with ruse pink silk and black ribbons, and tho hat which accompanied it was a black one of tho Paul Jones shape, with a gold crown and trimmed with hlack ostrich tips and a crimson and pink rose. Her ladyship also wore on arriving a . triple cape of black velvet, which sho afterwards discarded. ..Lady Buff looks very well in grey satin, trimmed on the bodico with bands of cream catin, tlio sldovos having ahbiildcr puffs of tho croam, and her small stringiess black bonnet hoing adorned with pink forgeumc- nots. Lady Norman wore gray silk, trimmed with black lace, and a hlack honnet with a crimson rose. Lady Gormanston's costume was a combination of grey and green, with n becoming bonnot an suite. L-idy Louisa Fcilding woro black gronadine and mauve Bilk, l'ho Hon. Mrs, Candy was In groy,with a smart black bonnet with black tips! Mies Heather Bull was in a jacket and skirt of fawn-colorod -covert coating, with a uala. blue vest and a bat triinmod with palo blue. Miss Bowdcii-Smitii was in yollow aud white. Lady Williams woto vory palo fawn color, combined with plaid unci scarlet satin. Miss Williams was in jacket and skirt of fawn- colored covert coating and a black hqt. Lady Berry's black grenadine had an open work stripe, and wan made up over vieux roso silk, her bonnet beiog all hlack. The open air: fete in nid of tlio funds o i the Auburn Hospitul Iisb every Indication of being a great success. .At a meeting held on- Tuesday last, Mrs. J. \V. Flood presiding, it. was decided that the fotc should be opened at 3 o'olouk on Triday next and oloso on Saturday evening. ' ' Tho'ro will be abundance of lttusin and ' an excollcps concert programme will ho inter preted o.ach afternoon and evening. The charge for admission to titc ground was fixod at fid, and the mattcr'of Remission to tho main ttint and to side shows was left for future decision. A largo number of numos were added to tho general committee, and the committed of management anticipate that the ioto will result in a substantia! sum for the funds of the hospital. The following wore amongst the visitors from Sydney Miss AoUman's tweed coat and Bkirt of brown and green was com pleted by a full vest of white chiffon set in a ynlto of Oriental embroidery, toque hat in colors to match. Mrs, Fred Aronsen, with a skirt of shepherd's plaid silk, wore u bodico and sleeves of black velvet partly veiled with aecordcon-plcated friils of black oltiffon, bonnot of black lico and jet. Miss Mabel Allen — dross of fancy urcpon, drake's head blue-grccn, full vest of checked silk, voke and rovers trimmed with tinted laee, brown straw hat with black- hows and red roses. Mrs. F. Denisnn Brown'3 toilette was a combination of black crepe do chine over black, the sleeves aud uppor bodico of electric silk, veiled with figured hlack lacc, black . toqno bonnet in . laco and silk with red rosea. Miss C. Browne, Albary, nn electric blu'o fancy canvas, with cream lace and black satin ribbons trimming the bodice ; largo straw hat, with black feathers, electric biuo bows. Miss Burdckin's toiietto was of hlack figured grenadiuo over black silk, the bodice uccordeon-platcd, and deep pleated frills of chiffon on tho sleeves ; brown straw hat, with largo erect bows of fancy pink ribbon. Mis, Clarke (liondi) wore a well-fitting coat and skirt of piuk ribbon repp, with fuil vest of black siik, jet bonnet with pink and black fcathorn. Miss Coiiin9 was dressed in heliotrope crcpon, with white stripes, wide trimmed straw hat, with hlack lacc, Mrs. J. Kales, itt taiior-madu coat and skirt of fawn tweed and duo silk vest, wore a black hat with bhto and black leathers. Miss Goldman woro cream spotted chiffon over cream. silk, with braces and sash of moiro ribbon, large hat of cream straw with ostrich plumes. Mrs. Inglis, an cffeeiive gown of eminence silk veiled -with black figured grenadine, black straw hat trimmed with ostrich plumes. Miss Kabat, a coarso black aiagoual serge skirt and slcevcr, the bodice of tnoss green silk, bat of black straw with pink roses and green hows. Mies Maddox's costume ol blue grey whip- cord had the coat revers trimmed with steel boad gimp, small Btraw hat with blue and black ribbons. Miss Manning (Orvicto) wore n dainty toilette of whito silk with black ht»ir lines, the full bodice of pink sillc veiled with black chiffon edged , with jet gimp, pink velvet collar, hat of drawn coffee-brown silk with black lacc, black and brawn .feathers.' Misses E. and V, M'Crao wore tailor-made coats and skirts in light eheckcd tweeds, with faitcy-siik vests and stylish hats. Mrs. Al'Bougul, cream nun's cloth trimmed with flue cream lacc and piuk bubo ribbon, draped skirt over laco outlined' with piuk, largo creain hat with feathers and pinkbebo ribbon. Mrs. Frank M'Bonald, ono of the uow silk mixture fabrics in black, pink and white, worn with handBomo volvctTudor cloak, and black-jet bonnet, wilh'Alaatinh bow of -pink chiffon and jet osprey. Miss M'Gcorge wore steel-grey silk mixture, with full vest and slovvosof croam liberty aflk, small white straw hat, with whito and grey ribbons, Mrs. P. Osborno's gown was of eminence grenadiuo with' large scrolls in tones of the same color, ' black jet bonnet with black feathers. Miss Osborne's black figured grenadine 'was worn with blouso bodice and sleoves of art blue satin With run ning scroll in fine black lines,' largo black hat and blight flowers amid black loops. Miss l'cyton, whito Indian musliD with corslet of baby ribbons, Gainsborough hat of black straw, with pink wild roses. Mrs. M. Rintcl wore a handsome gcWn ol figured black gronadine with jet trimmings, jet bonnet, with gold-colored velvet and roses. 'Mre. Scott (Qniraing, Sydney), a handsome toilette' in brown and gold, fancy woollen broeadu combined with tost of brown surah, black lace hat trimmed with mirror ribbons. Mrs. T.-M. Slaltcry's dress ivnsof silk and wool in Oriental colors, green, dark red and black, with panois of electric blue silk veiled with black laco, tlio upper bodico and sleeves also of silk similarly veiled, small honnet of jet, with electric bow uud largo jabot of pink chiffon. Miss Walker, cream crcpon, cream hut with forget-me-nots. Mrs. Walter Hall also ohose a tailor-tnudd coat and skirt in checked tweed, with dark blue blouse bodice, and small bonnet of brown velvet and gold._ Mrs. James White (Sydney), gown of rich black Ottoman siik bordered with full ruoho, capo of black moiro, trimmed with black lacs and handsome jet passementerie, small bonnet of whito gui pnro lace with steel paillettes, osuroy and cluster of violets in front. _Last Saturday afternoon a luncheon wns given by Mr. .G, B.. Youug to a few of i)i9 friends to cclob'-ate his coming of ace. Tho party left Neutral Bay by steamer and proceeded to tile Palace Hotel, Watson'e Bay, where an entertainment was provided. Titc catering was in tha hands of Mr. Anderson, tho proprietor of the hotel, to whom credit is due tor tho way in which lie carried it out. After gratifying tho inner .man the health of tha host was proposed by Mr. P. Gorman and seconded by Mr. II. Gorman, Mr. Young replying in a suitablj manner.. The party adjourned to tiio ball- room, where songs aud recitations wero given. At an early hour they touk their way to their, Bevcral homes, 7 Those who like qnict colors will admire a gown of blaok cloth .with n skirt bordered with grey chinchilla fur an inch wido on tho pdlt. The full round waist has a yoko of pale grey satin, shallow and straight across front and hack, and pointed deeply on the shoulders. This yoke is gored to take the collar in ono picco with it, and is edged top and bottom with tho grey fur. Tho cloth below the yuko is oddly pleated, and striped diagonally with insertions of open cord galloon over grey satin, giving tho effect of swathing tho figure. Points of this trimming placed diagonally on the skirt appear to continue those of tiio waist. Mutton-leg sleevas of tho cloth have also diagonal stripes of black ovor grey. Tho belt ia two narrow folds of grey satin made over a lining bolt, separate from tho dress, uud fastenod in front by a huokie novtred with grey satin, and ex. patuled by two loops that form a largo bow. A refined dress of chocolate-brown cloth has a lighter Suiidc'colorod cloth border at tho foot, strapped with the chocolate cloth out in bands und .appiiqmld in curves. A separate vest of tlio Sufcdo cloth is worn under a very stylish coat of the dark cloth with light revers and appliqut) bands. A much gayer gown is of dark ceriao cloth with a round waist, the back plain without seams, tho fiont a drooping blouse of the cloth with a shallow round yoke of bluet velvet, and a bluet stock-collar with a rosette utuior each ear, end also pointod ends like swoIIowb' wings. The skirt with flaring pleats athack is joined to a belt of blnck satin ribbon, tiod With a largo lergth- wise bow in front. Another'Btylish gown of sage-green eloth lino the skirt scalloped at the foot nn a nar row box-piwiting of black Persian lamb fur. Tho waist Is a Fronch blouse, 'drooping in front andtbauk on a fur belt- flin. - deep, fitted to oarvn with tho figure; and Whale. boned. A'broati squaro eoliot of cloth em broidered with jst is bordered with tho black fur, and the draped collar is of mirror "ol'vot of pinkish-mauve shades, Tho sleeves aro in a groat-puff that fulls to the elbow without a fitted lining, but are closoly fitted below. . A rough-surfttoed twilled wool :of a stylish -Soedo color is commondod to correspondents who ask ubout travelling dresses for brides. The round waist baa two box pleats from shoulder to waist in back and front alike. Tlio only seams are under the arms, tlio pleats boipg merely folded , ia and tacked under- neaih without stitqlijng down tho edges. A vest of bluet mirror velvet is gathered in rullloa to fill'in the open V of tho front, and hooked on tho loft sjdo. A drapod oollar of tho velvot Ims choux on tlio sides. The gigot sleoves are vory fully pioalod at the lop, a box ploat in the middle extending up on tho shoulder seam to the collar over the box pleats of tho waist. To wear with - this gown is n whito siik belt ribbon, fastoncd by a gold buckle of tho now kind that pins Ilka a brooch. The skirt is plain, with daring pleats in tho back. Tho fashionablo colors for. millinery (writes a btanliaud correspondent) are per- vencho and bright cherry. The first-named, whioh is neither blue nor purple, but a com bination of the two, is being most exten sively patronised in Paris, not only for hats and bonnets, but for gowns and mantle. It is by no moans univoraaliy becoming, only suiting young, fresh complexions ; but thut ia a mere mutter of detail. All wear it- young and old— rognrdloss of ita individual suitability. Cherry (ceriao), on the contrary, can ho very gonorully worn ; and wisteria, alao a favorite shade, is well fitted, with its dciicalo lilac tones, to bo matronly and elderly. As indicated last month, tcit is tho matorial most employed by miiiiners, and long jet buckles havo supersoded those of paste. Thick cmhroidcries in gold, steel, multicolored beadB, and jet form tbo crowns of the Dutch shapes still a great deal worn. Oriental and Russian heavy embroideries re a Iso greatly affected. Among minor details of dres3 a Daily Nkws gossip mentions that black laco and guipure will he as much used as over for trimmings. Many of tho capes are finished oil up tho fronts and round tho necks with guipuro, which is now much finer in tnako than that which was worn somo months ago. The machine-made imitations aro wonder fully good, hut they have not the exccllcneo oi equality that is a paBsport to the refined. Somo of the Irish hand-inado laces, on tho other hand, arc supremely artistic, wear seventy times as long ss the machine lacc, and increase in value as time goca on. An interesting historical study on the poekct-iiandkereiiief has just appeared in » German tnagnzinc. It appears that man kind is indebted to Italy for the introduc tion of that modest but indispensable ac cessory to civilisation. According to tho writor, tho uso of tho pocket-handkerchief was unknown in society until tho first half of tho IGth center)'. About tho year 1540 an ununovfn Venetian lady first con ceived tho happy idea of carrying a "fazzo- lctto," and it was not. long before her example was widciy followed throughout Italy. The hoiodkerchief- then crossed tho Alps into France, where its use was immediately adopted by tbo lords and ladies oi Henry II. 's Court. The handkerchief of that period was an anicla of tho greatest Inxury. It was made of the most costly fabrics, and was orna mented with tho rarest embroideries, lu tho roign of-Honry III, it began to ho per fumed, and received the name of "mouc'noir de Venus." It was not until 1580 that tho handkorohici mado its' way into Germany, and then its uso wns long confined to prineos and persons of groat wealth. It was made tho object- of sumptuary laws, and an edict published at Dresden in 1505 forbade its uso by the pocpic at lurgo. Slowly, but surely,- however, the vulgarisa tion of tlio pocket- handkerchief has been accomplished, and to-day (a writer remarks in. tho Wkhtmixstkr Oazcttk) even the humblest is superior- in one important respect to Petrarch and Laura, Dante and Beatrice, who— it ia somewhat painiul to think— lived in a pre-handkcrchici age, Hero is a rocipo for tho selection of a hus band : — "For a man's birth look to his linen and fingor-nails, nnd observe tho in flections of his voice,. For his tastes study the color of his tios, tho pattern and hang of his trousers, his friends, aud his rings— if any. For his propensities walk round and look carefully at tlio hack of his head, and remember, girls, never to marry a man whose ncek bulges over so little over his collur. If you want a suc cessful man, sec that ho baa a neat foot ; he will movo quicker, get over obstacles faster, titan a tnatt who falls over his own toes and trips up other folks with 'out, too. For hla brcodiug, talk sentiment to him when ho is starving, and ask him to carry a bandbox down thu public street when you'vcjnst had u. row. To test his temper, teli him his noso is a little on one side and you don't like the way his hair grows— and if that don't fetch him nothing will." No donbt it will bo a relief to somo girls with athletic proclivities to knew tho ex- trcmo limit of tho sizo of ttio vraist. A recent article from tho pen of an eminent authority on the subject says it is not tho proper thing to laee, or oveii to havo the appearance of lacing. No waist should ho smaller than 24in. The proper measurement for the chest of a girl whose waist is that uizo ia 3Sin. Thus it will he soon that tiio modern beauty must bo solid, and nearly approach the proportions of tho heroic age. The present ago is an athlolic one, and i«i long as the young women continue their healthy exercises — lawn toniiis, croquet, rowing, riding, bicycling, fencing and vault ing, jumping and turninz in tho gymnasinms — bright eyoa, good complexions, and firm, well-knit, and muscular figures will bo found. We used to wear soft-clinging dresses, Smooth- throated and womanly neat — But now wo have "gowns," and their square-sails F.om shoulder to car-jowels meet. Wo oneo folt n thrill of emotion 'When listening to sermon 01 song— But now 'tis " bad form" to have feelings ; One's life at low tide must drift on. There's nothing, now, modest and quiet, But blatant, electric and--woil— The phraso for " tho height of tho fashion'' 'Is Co call it "so awfully swell." But tlio latest, mo3t scnsoloss misnomer Society's parrots lut fall > , Is to speak of all gatboriuga as " fatta; tions"— No longer a party or ball. ' j Out, out on those timoi that aro jointlcss, Como back oldon days fur the new. Lot hearts bo onco inore in the fashion— "- Not "swell" onot, but honest and true. " Ghost parties " is the name a New York woman (quoted in the Tumusis) has imagined to designate a now scheme. "I call ltor functions ' ghost parties,' " she says, "be cause they aro only tho shadows of tlio sub- stance, tho event itself being purely imagi nary. Why,- that woman has gained tho re putation foretttertaining, and has received no end of dinner invitations 011 absolutely nothing at all ! I havo suspected her tactics for some time, and now I am quite suro that what I ussort is qtiito true— that in nine cbssb out of 10 her dinners arc purely imaginary. Bite has a clever way oi finding out who is engaged, to whom, and then sho asks people who sho knows cannot cotno to ltor bouse— and so scores to her social ac count, with no otltor outlay than hor created paper and dainty seal." An Americau girl discourses thus on a mnch-boomcd bazaar, at which some of tho English Royalties were present:—" Yes, I visited tho Royal Bazaar, and-can't think why tho Scotch, or rather English, people havo made so innch of it. It has been panny-a-linad to tlio'last gasp, and tho ludi crous Bine of it has always Pood uppermost to my viow. In mauy of our stores there is one- person of .authority who site near tho receipt of custom. This personago does nothing menial, hut just sits thoro to sco how things are going on, and to give a cachet to tlio whole affair. When I saw hor Majesty seated between Princess Beatrice and Lady Brooks's Btall our home functionary canto up to my mind's eyo very forcibly, Sho, boforo whom Englishmen and Kilties BGraps and how ; in whose prcsonee dukes and lords aro but as tho dust of titc earth, and even less ; Britannia, who rules the seas, und on whose dominions the sun never sets, tho great Potentate, to bo reduced to sitting on a wheel garden-chair and watching the traffla in her store, surely this beats all creation. Princesses Beatrice and Louise smiled on their customers as certainly they don't smiio on them when they aro regarded as mere subjects, Bimpio nuisances, who cheer nnd sometimes ntob them when thoy wish to travel about. The Duchess of Albany sinilod sweetly too, but thon cite does so always, even to dear motlior-in-law when site will insist on her wearing half- mottrning garb, whatever tlmtsmay mean. Tito Marquis of Lorno helped his hotter half in an un ostentatious sort of way to charm the sax- pt-nccs from Sundtc. .fly really seems a vcrv well-brid man, ( and a good-uatured ono loo, to put tip with tho noli mo langcro sort of lifo ho seetns to lead with bis Royal 6pousc. Heinrieh Baltenbcrg was u ruro photographer, under Crown patronage, of course. Tho Con- naught, Albany nnd Battenberg children wound up the list of Royalties. Thn little girls weren't extra, but two littlo boys in Royal Stuart tartan kilts and dark groen jackots took my heart. Thoro was, how. ever, among these littlo creatures a lack of gaiety or devilry. 