I THE MAN WITH THE STRAW I HAT. mmrnrn -"r " i in i "i I ,OVV FIRST PUBLISHEDTf I A TRUE STORY. If BY EDMUND DOWNEY. |' Author of 44 A House of Tears," 44 Anchor Watch Yarns," &c.; I M (COPrRIGHT.) " Mamma, dear, why do you let that horrid- I man come into our room at night ?" I ; "What man, darling ?" I asked, scarcely heed- inc mv child's Question. I - 44 Tho man with the straw hat, who stands I before your dressing-table and does something I to his neck." " i I 1 put down the book I was reading in my I bedroom and went over to my child's cot. I j 44 Go to sleep, Teddie, dear," I murmured, catching his outstretched hand and chafing it. I 44 You have been dreaming, my pet." I 44 Oh, no, mamma, dear," said the boy, rising I np to a sitting posture iu his cot, 44 1 am nob I dreaming. I have not been to sleep yet. I have I been trying to keep my eyes on you, but I could I 1 not help looking at the man. He frightens me so much, mamma, dear." I ; I was quite alarmed now. What could be the I matter with my dear child— my only child— my beautiful, sensible, sensitive, little Teddy ? He I was only six years of age, hut he seemed almost I as wise aud as gentle as his father — my darling I who bad left me for ever just six months before. ; 4,Oh, mamma, dear, why do you let the horrid ! man come into our room?" pleaded the child, itho tears coursing down his bright chubby l<. cheeks. 44 He is such a horrid man— so unlike H dear papa !" < I burst into a flood of tears. But in a few I moments I succeeded in checking the torrent ' of my grief and turned towards my boy. , There was plenty of light in the small bed- room. A brilliant reading-lamp lay on the I dressing-table. 1 gazed earnestly into my bay's I wistful brown eyes. He was undoubtedly wide I awake, and as 1 passed my hand over his face I I found his white brow was quite cool. I ' . ,4What is it, Teddiedear ?" I asked. "There is no man in the room, of course." . 44 But there was just a few moments ago mamma." I; 44 Indeed there was not, my pet." I ' "But I saw him, mamma. He came last week I too, and I was awake and saw him. You had I" left the room for a while, and he came in at tho door aud went over to the dressing-tablo aud he I did something strange with his neck. Then I I shut my eyes aud when I oiiened them he was I gone. You came into the room then, but I was I; too frightened to tell you." I I was in a fever of alarm now. What could. ail my child ?" I 44 You were dreaming, Teddie, dear," I per- B sisted, stooping over him and kissing his lips B and his cheeks. 44 Go to sleep, my pet." fl 44 1 am so frightened, mamma, dear. All the B week I was afraid ta ask you about the man, B To-night he came iu again while you were read-> B ing, and ho stood quite close to you and looked B into tho looking-glass and did something to. his B ncclc, AndtlMgil shut my eyes tight. 'Won't B you promise not' to leave me tonight, mamma, B dear?" B 44 1 promise, my pet," kissing him again and """laying his head gently on the pillow. f4Now go B to sleep, dear, while I read my book." B - What could ail my darling ? I wondered, as I B stood near his cot patting his shoulders with my B baud. He had never teen an odd child, never B ; teen seriously ill ; he had always slept wonder- B 'fully well : it was not easy to frighten or startle B 'him. He bad never had any nurse but myself, B ' and I had never told him stories of ghosts or B rfairies, nor had I allowed him to hear any such B . tales. I had always been bis companion — he was B ;my one thought, my one idol, always excepting B .-that other idol, my darling dead husband, who B. ,who had shared his great love with Teddie B 'and me. I 1 The house I was now living in was situated hard by the banks of the Thames. It was a I : pretty -little detached cottage, and I had secured j .it furnished at a wonderfully cheap rental — an , -important consideration, as my means were I: .narrow, and all that could be saved or spared 'should be lavished on my beloved child. The following morning — Saturday — Teddie I 'seemed to be quite himself again. He romped R 'with me, walked out with me, talked to mo just I ' 'as usual ; and as he made no reference to the I ; strange man of his dreams — for I had no doubt I ;it was a dream which had disturbed him — I I thought it best to keep silence ou the unpleasant I subject. Nor did the child refer to the dream I (during the next week. At least up to Friday I. i night. I L On Friday evening shortly before eight Jo'clock.os I was tucking him up in his cot, my f darling boy said, I 44 Mamma, you will promise to remain with f'jae to-night ?" Ik" Yes, dear," I replied, 44 if you wish it." ' I f" Then I kissed him and sat down in the grow- I: lag twilight. ) There was no one living with us in the I. cottage. A little girl from the neighbourhood I did all the rough house work for me during the | day and usually went home about eight o'clock. ; As I did not go downstairs my little maid of all I rwork came up shortly after eight o'clock to I let me know she was going. A sudden impulse I >srged me, and I said, 44 "Will you tell Dr. ' Jackson to give me a call this evening ? You 'pass his house on your way home, I think ?" I j As soon as the little girl was gone I got my lamp alight — Teddie was used to the light and I : 'fjX never seemed to disturb his sleep— and sat I liown near the dressing-table. I was in a some- I ;what tremulous condition — though I am not I ordinarily weak of nerve— and found myself agitated by every sound which reached my ears. I j About nine o'clock I was horribly alarmed to BriiMinteons cry from my child. I laid down BBtoirriedly and went over to him. - ! mamma !" he cried. 44 There he Ob, why do you let him come into B.-ound the little bedroom but could strange. is now, mamma dear — near the the dressing table !" pointing with 44 And now he is going to to his neck." my terrified child to my bosom and Bm with words of love and clinging 'In a few moments he had regained HBary manner, and I allowed his head to on the pillow. Hhen I heard a loud knock at the door. started. 4>Cantbisbethe man again, dear ?:' said he — 44 the horrid man with straw hat Huarling," I murmured. 4,It is the doctor. Bisked him to come and see my little You will not mind me leaving you for to let the doctor Teddie clung to me, but another knock door reached our ears, and my dear PQHIBLred — Hp"! feel all right now, mamma. I know he ' Hwon't come back again. Don't be long." . Hi I hurried down the short flight of stairs and let in Dr. Jackson, a kind,, middle-aged gentle- mau,.. whose face was familiar to me. I brought the doctor up at once to my child and whispered to him that he was suffering from an attack "of nightmare, and that he had a strange delusion Bthat he saw a man with a large straw hat in the room. — — - - B The doctor looked curiously at me, and then felt tl)e child's pulse. He asked roe some general ! questions about his health, and took his tem- Hlperature. - — . H; J<4 The child seems all right," said Doctor B":.TaClison, addressirig me in a low voice. 44 1 Bdon't think you need he alarmed. But 'could I a word with you out of his hearing ?" ' doctor wants to speak to me downstairs, B I j.cildio," I said. ' 'Do you mind my leaving you I- ?ninne for a few moments ?" - " ' 44 No, mamma dear," he answered. lt. Only B; leave the door of the room opeu, won't.you ?" v When we reached the parlour, the doctor, with I; >a grave face, said— .', ; 44 This is certainly a most extraordinary affair — most extraordinary ! Your child has B'.» seen, three Friday nights in succession, a mau I j with -a Idrge straw hat standing in front of the dressing-table, doing something to his neck, as v' the little man puts it. Do you know anything ' of this house ?" I '' j. 44 Nothing whatever, except that it is very H; pretty, very comfortable, ' and very cheap," I B answered. . I : 44 Well, madam," said Doctor Jackson, 44 my B - advice to you is to leave 6e pretty, comfortable, cheap house at pnee-thy-e is no occasion to get . me into trouble with the agents by telling them you are acting on my professional advice." 44 But why ? What is the matter.?" I asked. ,4I will tell you," said the doctor, 44 and then HP you call decide for yourself. Aud please under- B stand, I am no bellevet in ghosts/ but this is /; certainly a most puzzling case. Th'is bbuse was vacant for a twelvemonth before you took it. The last occupier was a man of somewhat evil / reputation — he owned the house, I understand — I; who was very fond of boating. One Friday . evening, about uiue o'clock, he returned from B. tke river. le was wearing a large straw hat ; B: that I recollect well, for 1 remember seeing it A 'iu the room when I wag called in. He cut his throat, standing in front of the dressing-table in the. bedroom." I left tho awful house, that night, more dead than alive. My boy is a strong man now, and one whom it would be hard to f righten, hut he remembers still, with a feeling of horror, the unaccountable vision— the vision denied to me — of the man with the straw hat standing in front of the dressing-table in the little bedroom. The End. 