Jt i; ? 1J .£* W \i- That is a curious story which comes to us by telegraph from London about tho ghost of Amy Kobsart becoming the subject of a lawsuit. Ghost-, like the glories of a fang's state, as de scribed in iho old song, arc generally supposed tv be shadows, not substan tial things. And we are often told that peoplo go to lav/ about incro shadows, incited to do so by their ov.ii perversity or the advice of un scrupulous attorneys. But, iis this instance, however unsubstantial the ghost may be, the lawsuit is a very solid one, as every 011 c concerned in it will probably find when it is over. As to Amy liobsart, we may presume thai everyone knows all about her, because everyone has read Sir "Walter Scott's Kenilv.ortli, one of those novels from which, more solid information can be got than is derivable from most histories. But few, compara tively speaking, now remember Byron's burlesque of Kenilwor th. This is one of the good oid burlesques, o£ the time wheu burlesque.) toltl a story ami had wcll-dctiucd characters, exaggerated of course, but requiring real acting for their impersonation, and not depending on nigger jninstrei business, tnujjic-luiU song?, stepda?cing, and unlimited "gag" for their per formance. The words or the burlesque, as witness " Aladdin," had to bo given as they "were written. It may be ad mitted that somewhat too much of the verbal forui of these burlesqnea de pended upon punning of the most atrocious character. Siili, if well" spoken, the punning- .was. not bad.' Thus, the Emperor oi China ordered, *' And round the Congou let all cou gougregate." And Abanazar, contmn-" plating two quarterns of gin and then looking around the palace lie had stolen, said " This aiufc ray palace, but this is my xicrver." But perhaps the most disgracefully execrable pun in sny of theso old burlesques is con tained in Kenihvortb. That in where Varley, "telling a lying siory to Queen Elizabeth about Aciy Itobsart, is made to say "She iled with mc to G-retna Green at ouce, and she's been re gretting her greenness ever since." But these things are by tho way. Td como to the real matter, that of Amy jKobsart and her ghost, it may ba said that if the purchaser of Cuinnor when he invested his money did so on the distinct understanding that the ghost, 33 auctioneers would say, "Went ?α-ith the horse," and the ghost has since declined to show herself, ho shc-uM have good grouuds for an action a£ law against the vendor. Ti tho vendor, in selling the home as including a ghost, had not made previous arrangements to secure the TJermanencv oi the ghost, then he is liable, and Las done a* foolish a thing as the American gentleman who sold a place so beautiful, as he described it, that angels hovered over it, and that the angels hovering would go with the property. The purchaser finding that angels did not hover very properly brought mi action at law and recovered damages. Concerning fclie ghost of Amy lioba.irb iicrsdf, if,, as eoetns likeiy, the residor made no arrange ments with, her, ho is to blame.for not -remembering the extreme capricious ness of ghosts. Thoso o£_tneni who Ere appanages of old families and old bouses arc as proud of their.belongings as exo "'old- retainers, 'and. it is ?highly probable tba't Amy Uobsart'si gh'osi declined to give coantcnauco lo Tsli.-it she corisiderd tbe'degradation o£ celling Cuir.no-to, it might be, r. mei-o ziobody in point o£ ancestry. Do we not remember in those two delightful boots, the Monastery and the Abbot, now ilio golden belt of the white kidy. dwindiedto a thread when the'family she protected m&rricd; the peasant's son, bn£ liow when this blot was re inored she sported around waterfall with p. girdle as broad as the belt of ail £arl. ? - ? 