WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mrs. H. H. JKNNIN(is livoH lit No. 211, Main Street, Britl^oport, and Miss Miiinio I'surot boards with her. Tim house is an old one but in good ordr.r. Om; ni^ht early in December (18U1) the two women locket! nil the doore and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left; the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. *At about luil[-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking, But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Kiirht in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was eonc aled by a mask his eyes gleaming through the holes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long old-fushioted pistol. The women lied screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in live minutes later he found 110 ono in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw '} " During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " 1 had slept badly for sovcral successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, 1 was suddenly aroused from a dose by what seemed like the calling of my name ;and at the foot of the bed stoo l the image of my mother just as she looked live years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. 1 screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossip said it was a summons and I would never get well. Vet 1 did ami am in perfect health now. 1 believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it is more three years ago now. No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the neivcs will play on you when your s\stem is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Uoad, Poke-down, Hants, wrote us as follows :—" I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with inc. yet 1 did not wish them far away in ease 1 should call out for help. This was in June, 1885). I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my «ycs, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by 1 had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. 1 took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that 1 would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me -she was herself once just as bidly oil. and was cured by Mother Seiuel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days 1 was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am af well as ever. I can eat and digest my food and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and Bhock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrnp had given new vigor to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothin„ more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. (Jhosts come from the inside of the person who sees them anil when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 60If 