WHAT ASSASSINATION TEACHES US. Mb. Pixley : Santo plunged his dagger INTO THE HEART OP CARNOT, BUT ALSO DROVE IT INTO THE soul op Anarchy. An account of the funeral of inurdored Carnot, published in this edition, is from the Star. It is a beautifully written flii my : one which few nersons will be' ' able to read with dry eyes. It tells of a nation's mourning. It announces a world's sympathy. It is affecting in its language .in the extreme. The cowardice, the villainy, the cruelty of the assassin is brought into stronger and stronger relief as the reader goes through it. The ghastly crime in Lyons is revived by it in all its horrible complete ness. It might be translated into Italian, and given to the condemned murderer to read as part of his punish ment. If he did read it. it would surely melt even him ; cause the full terrible ness of his deed to strike upon the ' deadened strings of his conscience ; make him realise that his offence is of those which smell rank to Heaven ; compel him to feel how Macbeth felt when 'lurid rose the ghost of that which he had destroyed, to mock his terror-striken soul along the road to perdition. Who can read along those mournful lines and keep a dry eye ? ?Who so base as, when he has, to find the . slightest shred of excuse for Santo, that son of Cain who slew bo much that was noble,. so much that was illustrious and admirable. That able man, Jerome K. Jerome, has published in his new London weekly To-dt vj, an opinionative paragraph 1 wherein he says that ' the murder of * President Carnot will be ^used as an argument in its favor by every school of thought' — that ' it will prove to the aristocrat the danger of liberty degene rating into license, in the unchecked incitement to violence on the part of the \- 1 press and platform orator that ' it will prove to the democrat that the just indignation of the people at tbeir wrongs has. reached such a point that men will voluntarily pay with their livss to strike a blow at the crushing mechan ism of the social fabric.' Only a part of this can be accepted by the student of human nature ; that part which finds the slightest excuse for the crime of the assassin must be wholly rejected. The just indignation of the people, so long as it is just, will never find vent in the action of a man who, the while he seizes the friendly palm of the smiling image of national authority by the one hand, plunges a hitherto hidden dagger into his unsuspecting , breast with the other. Perish the thought of any defence of a murder which was inexcusable. The indigna tion of the people will, whilst it remains i just, seek to expend itself by just means; to reduce the errors believed to exist by peaceful moral suasion. To the student of human nature the assassin's crime is altogether defenceless. Too well he knows that it is not against society that ' the dagger of a Santo is levelled: too well he knows that when it is directed, it is ^ pointed at the symbol of that authority i which, whilst it affords liberty forbids — not often enough, however ! — its flagrant ? abuse in license. The Santos of the ' ' world are men with unbalanced minds to wh Dm the very n'amo of Government is a hateful thing, and who, as Jerome later on states, 'strike at a Giesar, now at a Henry of Navarre, now at a President Lineoln, now at an autocratic Czar, now at a chief magis trate elected by the universal suff rage of a nation.' That is so ; and being so, how can the advanced democ ? i - ? . racy, by any process of logical reasoning, find an excuse for the crime of Santo ? \- : It cannot find an excuse. No member of that party whose ideal is so practicaily ? false, while it is so theoretically true, can ? honestly hold to the contrary. It cannot ! ? ? ^ It must acknowledge, if it speak the truth, that such an outrage is one which is repugnant to 't he laws of God and man alike. The revolutionary section which ? will not so confess is dishonest. Such section embraces those mental deformities of whom the Advocate spoke only the other day — men who are divided into two unequal parts, one sufficiently bravo in its cowardice to be active ; one suffi ciently cowardly in its cowardice to be frightened to be so. The hitler is tho dumb and inert part, and comprises, perhaps, 'JO per cent of tho whole, tho human debris which we may behold equally in all countries, in Australia as much as any. The former part, which comprises the balauce after subtracting the above percentage from the whole, is, howeter, of the active and the energetic, and comprises men who, fired by the van ^ ? ity which is created through the plaudits of the debris aforesaid, hurl them solves against the existing systems simply becauso they do exist ; against government, aye, and against everything which is good, and therefore sweet and admirable. They live in the dark we say, and periodically cnc or another crawls out of his obscurity to earn detest able notoriety by plunging his knife into the body of some unfortunate fellow creature whose removal generally means ' a loss which the world can ill afford to . suffer. Such men are monsters, revolu tionary excreseenccs, mental deformities, hideous cranks and faddists. Can we reason with such creatures ? No, we can not do no. All we can do is to crush them, one by one, as they crawl into the light. If the strong heel of society has been quiqkened to a propor sensitiveness of action by the .murder of the French President, wo may say with Pixley, the 1 brilliant editor-in-chief of the- San Fran cisco Atgonaut : Santo plunged his dagger into the heart of Carnot. Ho also drove his dagger into the soul of anarchy. 