THE PULPIT AT FAULT. ] Sir, — If thos: interested in the above sub ject were only to nad 'The D ad Man's Message,' by Florence Marr. att, they would ' gain more knowledge of the future than from all the erguncu-nts that are tilling your columns. There they will find that every man, woman, and child have their own phonograph. ? All our lives are recorded; every action, every conversation, every utterance, every word, whether a Inctua lingute or otherwise. All is noted down, and can be repeated. We shall have to face our lives in the future, whether pro luctive of pUasure or pain, for 'our works do ' follow us.' — Yours, etc., One Who Heads and Thikks. tfliB, — In Mr J. E. Clarke's letter of the 6th inst. thi re are sc-viral inferences sst forth which do not coinci Ic with the narra tive recorded in the Word. I expected an abler p^n tlian piine would have replied to the remarks ere this. Craving further space, will endeavor to lead your readers to other thoughts on several matters referred to by Mr Clarke. That g.-ntUman writes, w To regard the ilible as God's Word is cling ing to an exploded theory.' He makes out there is a deal of human construction about it. Sir, the believer in Christ will never .concede this.. To him evtry sentence is a6 marrow to Ins boius. He is able to find something,, lor the goo'J of his soul throughout the Word, and l-clievi b the Bible to be the inspired Word of God, no human construction about it. Mr \- C. in. setting forth such an idea, at once does away with the Bible being the Word of ' God, for what man is there (after what has been done 'by numerous revisers), could define what was truth, and what was man's construction! ' Your readers must' see at once, according to this theory, the Bible is bv no means reliable, and all bclievtrs in enc way or other, have been befooled. Who is gding to define the Word ? The new light party are very backward with quotations from the Word, which makes it appear they have no faithdn any part of it ; and an itch ing for a new work to suit their refined tistes. With reference to Christ's dismay as to the disciples' spiritual ignorance in the day of His ncsh, Mr O. loses sight of the fact that tliey were merely babes in Christ, they ? ha-l;not r«.c?ivcd tlie unction from al»vr. \ Thiai men, afttr the. descent of the Holy , fihoBt, were vastly deferent. All darkness, superstition, ignorance was rooted out of ?thcni for ever. Light and understanding now in tlie place of the former. Will any one affirm those men, now converted in the true sense of the Word, and so equip)-ed by the Holy Ghost, were not able to record that Word which *hu Almighty .iu. His infinite wisdom Baw was necessary to 'lhe edifications and salvation of man. If God took any part in inspiration, constraining bis fol lowers to write, then -ou can depend all \--..'extraneous matter could, and would, be ? kept out. The fact of the Word being prc \- .«ervcd down through the dark ages, through ' fire, persecution, etc., is sufficient to satisfy *- one that God was shepherding it, and pre serving it. If it was a spurious work, it would not- have -weathered - the ' storm. Another feature in support of the Word bsing the entire Wor.l is, prophet's afhl God's audible voice Arc no longer heard. Why ? Because the Word (which Mr C. would have your readers believe is a mix ture of fallibility aud infallibility) is the very iuspircd Word of God, which is intended to serve in place of prophet's and God's audible voiee, speaking to the end of da s. blr Clarke further writes. ' Now, let us take the episode of the Garden of Eden and thpvfaU,'' and gois on to j^u£siion the fact at all as reality ; hlso' refers Lo the absurd notion that God could not be so unjust or unwise as to crcate a devil in serpent form, with power of s|M$ech,'etc. Mr Clarke has not gone into this subject very deeply, or he . would not write in this strain, la the first place (as-MrClarkcadinits) God made every thing iwrfectaud was satisfied — saw it. was , good. I ask, would Goi have been satisfied _with elements of sin. in man? Could . He . ^oaU' that go&d;? , Ml£n was made : just :and good, there must have been a fall to cause God's (iispluuurc. How did it come about i If Mr Clarke will follow tlie teach ings of Christ an4 the Aposlles on the work of tlie' devil, be :wiU ascertain how the fall came about in reality, and not as a figure ; — x 'would {take' too mnchlpfece to define it feece. Mr Clarke asks ' Could it be wiae'lo make a serpent in devil form,' ctc. —No, 'innst emphatically ^ the serpent Jjvm created fl-y Goa as'all other beasts werev4h'ithc Garden .of EdcnV for the pleasure of ^nian. .The sei'pent,' when created, ';was. alto gether different from the'^serpent' after tbe.^alL' The curse, on account, of sin, ^a6t Itipn ils b(lly«nd made it a viper. Before the fall it was the only animAl subtle enough for «the- devil's purpose, and through .-which Satan 'speaks Lo Eve, and brought .obouttbat fall Hvmcb -toccessitAtcd the sacrifice of our Lord and Saviour to atone for xnanfesiuB. Satan is alone rrsponsiblc lor what die is, a liar, murderer, etc. He has inv. eted liim Sclf with insignia of office, God being in no way responsible for his clisracter and work. — Yours, etc. J. T. Cramp. [This correspondence has gone far enough, and must now ccas?, right being reserved for Mr Clark to reply. — Ed. X).7VJ 