LETTY BYRNE'S SECRET. CHAPTER II, 'I will I' again ejaculated Miguel Costello. Then he sternly questioned the wild eyes fixed upon his. Then hesternly asked : 'You are ready to abide by your decision, Mr. Varney ?' Yes-if it-can he done !' shivered Varney in reply. 'And you will certainly make me your valet for life ?' 'Yes! yes!' 'And you will yearly pay me a princely salary out of the princely estates ?' 'Yes I yes i For Heaven's sake, go on I' Miguel nodded his head in assent, but smiled darkly. 'If you please, my lord that-is.to.be, I will whisper it.' And he suited the action to the word. Directly Varney leaned back in his chair, livid and gasping with irrepressible horror. 'Bah I man, have you no more nerve?' scornfully sneered the valet. Varney started upright in his chair. ' Friend ! monster I beast !' he gasped. 'Of what are you made ?' 'Of better metal than you, Mr. Varoey I' scornfully retorted Miguel. Varney stared at him a moment shiveringly, and then breathed: 'When- when-' His voice died hopelessly away. 'When?' laughed the valet. ' When Mr. Varney, it won't endanger Miguel Costello's neck ! Wait and watch I It's sure to be done 1 But now I must go and look after my amiable master's belongings.' 'And I to my office,' shuddered Varney as the valet rose, stretched himself, and cooly left the room. As the door closed upon him Varney in. voluntarily pressed his hands over his eyes, muttering hoarsely: 'Great Heavens ! I see naught but blood ! blood !--blood everywhere I It is horrible I horrible 1' Suddenly his hands fell to his sides, his face instinct with his better angel's prompt. ings. n 'Itis not too late,' he whispered. 'Shall I-shall I stop the infernal-' His voice died away in a gasp, There was a short, sharp struggle between the good and evil-the evil conquered. Lord. St. Ahern returned from Dunmore Park ini time to see Lady Spence depart for her-London house; but be carefully secluded himself within his apartments. At seven o'clock a light meal was served him, and-an hour later he sought a spacious parlor, where he was usually joined alter dinner by his ybung guests, Lord Rex and Lady Rowena Abern. The room was vacant; and still-glowing with passion under the remembrance of the unflattering remarks he had overheard, he restlessly chafed about, fuming over a thou. sand and one trifles. Presently he rang fiercely; as fiercely com. manding the presence of his secretary, valet, butler, and two or three footmen. It was no unusual proceeding on his part to thusnsummon his servants to a stormy reckoning, and they, as usual, responded with anxious brows, and failing hearts. The-marquis's fault-finding was very apt to end seriously to one or more of his retainers, and he paid them all too munificently to render the prospect of a discharge a pleasant one to contembolate. The usual:?irsh invectives and commands bad been indtlged in and issued, and with the servants still grouped anxiously about him, he was sneeringly superintending the pen of his unfortunate young secretary, when the door swung open and Lord Rex and Lady.Rowena entered. The beautiful, and stately young wife rested-lightlyipon her husband's arm, a happy smile osrher lips and in her eyes. They were a handsome pair. He, with his. kingly form, patrician features, light brown, curling hair. and hazel eyes. She, with her slender, queenly grace, delicate skin, rippling waves of purple black tresses, and dusk eyes of wonderful size and brilliancy a peerless woman, though scarce past her early girlhood. And.so thought the marquis as the light ning of his eyes-flashed upon them. And so thought others, as, in the brief moment that followed their entrance, they cast about them a look of annoyance not unmingled with dis gust, comprehending, as they did, the mean ing of the scene. That involuotary glance was oil upon the flame of the-marquis's passion. He was quick to note, and quick to understand. Instantly his voice rose, high, sharp, and quivering with passion. With a vivid remem brance of those few minutes behind the satin.diaped portidre, he addressed himself to Lady Rowena, his lips drawn into an offen sive smile. 'I am happy to see your ladyship,' he cried, with mock courtesy, -'most happyl and seize this propitious moment to thank you for the veiry kind, complimentary, and-' Lord Rex here interrupted, an angry flush on his brow. .'Your tone is insulting, Lennox. What do you mean by this singular address ?' he asked, in a stern, even voice, 'Hush I hush, dearest!' bastily whispered Lady Rowena, her face paling. 'He is insanely angry I Let us return to our own apartments.' Lord Rex clasped the little hand clinging to hisarm, but before he could reply the marquis burst out with added violence: 'What do I mean? Only that the Lady Rowena and my Lady Spence have made the ill-tempered, wizened, humpbacked Marquis of St. Ahern, who could not even buy a wife, immensely their debtor I' 'Oh, Cousin Lennox I' cried Lady Rowena, her phle face flushing with distress, 'how sorry I am I Believe me,'-and in her eager anxiety she dropped-her husband's arm and hurried to the marquis, -' believe me, dear Lennox-' 'Dear Leninox 1' screamed the Marquis, leaping to his feet, and in panting fury doubling his fist and shaking it in her face. 'You deceitful jade-' As Lady Rowena staggered affrightedly back, Lord Rex bounded forward, and seizing the marquis by the arm, thrust him into a luxurious fauteuil. 'Are you mad, Lennox ?' he interrogated sternly. 'How dare you thus address my wife ?' But under Lord Rex's straining hand the marquis's fury only increased.. 'How dare you ?' he panted hoarsely, 'how dare you lay your murderous hands upon me? Yes, murderousl' He shrieked, as Lord Rex stepped contemptuously back. 'You think I don't know how you are pant ing for the marquisate I You think I don't know how you grudge me every hour of my podr; sickly life II know how gladly you would rid yourself of me even at the dagger's point, if you dared-it you could finely cover your crime i Yes, I know, murderer in soul you are I And I call on all present to testify if need be to my knowledge,' flashing bis flaring eyes from one to another-' I call on all to bear witness that I learned the secret this very day I Yes-this very day I' Lord Rex had stood half stupified listening to this tirade; but as the Marquis paused to regain his breath he turned away in silent, pitying contempt, As he did so, Lady Rowena looked up at him with a wild terror in her eyes, and the next instant fell fainting against his bosom. ' My poor, frightened dlrliog !' he whis pered, and gathering her in his arms, hurried from the room. ' Yes, begone ! begone !' shrieked the mar quis, grasping the arms of his chair and lean ing forward to look after the retreating form. "Begone, murderer i Begone I' His passion was spent, and he sank limp and helpless in his chair. As the butler hurriedly despatched a foot man for the restoratives, Miguel Costello flashed a glance of dark meaning at Norman Varney. The latter caught it, shivered, and with white face and chattering teeth hurried from the room. Lork Rex bore Lady Rowena immediately to their chamber. She soon opened her eyes on his anxious fare, ar.d, with a gesture, dismissed her maid. 'You are better, dearest I' cried the young lord, with a tender caress. 'I grieve, love, that you should have been subjected to so trying a scene. You are in no condition to bear such, and I am almost tempted tores61dve that this shall be your last visit of any length to St. Abern castle. Lennox is-' 'Oh, dearest Rex,' interrupted Lady Ro wena, tearfully, 'has Lennox gone mad to make so horrible an accusation ? And the idea of basing anything so monstrous on auntie's heedless words ! And yet my blood curdled with a dreadful premonition of woe as I listened to his fearful charges' ' Nonsense, love,' smiled Lord Rex. 'The charges are not worth a moment's thought. In cool blood Lennox would laugh at them himself, and by tomorrow he will have for gotten them.' 'I know that,' returned Lady Rowena; 'but nevertheless, it was frightful to hear them made with Lord Rex stooped and kissed her with a light laugh, asking for an explanation of the scene. 'I am sorry,' he said, gravely, as Lady Rowena concluded. 'It was the personal animadversions that angered him, and they will rankle for a long time;' adding, in re sponse to Lady Rowena's inquiry: ' Apolo gize ? Oh, no, dearest. Apologies would only exasperate.' Exhausted bythe excitementof the evening, Lady Rowena retired earlier than usual, Lord Rex descending to his own library to write a half-dozen letters. Considering it unwise to seek the marquis again that night, he proceeded at once to the library, encountering no ond but Miguel Costello. The valet stopped, looked after him with a sinister smile, and then moved on. Lady Rowena soon slept. How long she never knew. But suddenly she awoke with a nameless, incomprehensible sense of terror. She had just discovered that Lord Rex was not beside her when her sharpened senses caught the sound of the cautious turning of the door knob. With a deep breath of relief she half raised herself on her elbow, saying: ' I am not asleep, Res, dearest.' She received no reply. Startled, she was about to ring for her maid, when a strange vertigo seized her, and she fell back helpless on her pillows, though conscious that the room was filled with some powerful odour, CHAPTER III. Lady Rowena lay among her pillows, her eyes partially closed, and in a state of semi unconsciousness. A dim light burned on a console, and presently she saw a tall form, hooded and cloaked in black from head to foot, pass swiftly before the bed, its proportions loom ing horribly threatening in the dim light, and under her fading senses. It turned a black-masked face towards her a moment and then vanished through the doorway leading to her husband's bath and dressing.room. Almost as it vanished she sank into in sensibility. Bsut as the air from an open window gradually purified the chamber, she fell into the deep slumber born of a powerful narcotic. Meanwhile Lord Rex had finished his letters and taken up a new book. Lost in the fascinating pages, the minutes slipped by unheeded. Finally aroused to the necessity of retiring, he hastily extin quished the light and burried to the door. To his astonishment he found it fastened. 'A blunder of Norris's, he thought, as he struck a light. 'But it is a mystery how the key happens to be on the other side instead of this, where it certainly was at dusk. And now I recollect, the key has been mysteriously clianged before, though the fact made slight impression upon me.' He was now burriedly searching for a piir of pincers, which he remembered to have seen a day or two before, and presently he turned the key and stood in the hall. He ascended the stairs noiselessly, the hour being so late; but as he reached the great gallery above, he paused. The usually dim light was darkened to the faintest ray. While he glanced about him in questioning surprise, a slight sound at the northern quar ter of the gallery attracted his attention. Quickly turning, he caught sight of a black draped figure moving swiftly toward one of the many branching corridors. With a smothered ejaculation of surprise he bounded lightly after it. Startled by the footfall, light as it was, the pursued hastily turned. Onelightning glance was followed by a deer-like bound forward. But Lord Rex had already gained the ad vantage, and, with good reason, counted on an easy victory. The corridor into which the pursued had fled was devoted exclusively to magnificent suits of guest chambers, always, by the mar quis's command, kept carefully locked when unoccupied. The corridor was wide as a chamber, and furnished with rare pieces of bronze and marble, with here and there a costly cabinet, chair, and table. At one end a magnificent, mullioned win dow opened from it, at the other was a blank wall. Toward this blank wall the pursued fled, avoiding, with remarkable dexterity in the faint light, a stumble over the obstacles crowding his way. Some nine feet from the wall Lord Rex grasped him by the shoulder. ' Who are you ? What are you doing in this guise here ?' he asked, in low, stern accents, not wishing to arouse the slumberers in the castle. The captive quickly drew back an arm to deal a blow. Foiled in the attempt, he fought like a demon to free himself, though evidently desirous not to injure the young lord. It was, however, an unequal battle. Cool, determined, and fearless, Lord Rex maintained his advantage. Finally, with a smothered cry of rage, the captive drew a weapon from beneath his close, black robe and plunged it into Lord Rex's hand. Taken by surprise, Lord Rex involuntarily relaxed his grasp. Quick to see his advantage, the other dashed upon him with renewed fury, and by a well-directed blow sent .him reeling back ward. Barely escaping a violent fall, the young lord darted after his adversary again. Those few seconds, however, had lost him his ad. vantage. The fellow had reached the wall with a bound. But as he reached it his mask loos ened in the struggle with Lord Rex dropped from his face to the floor. Faint as the light was, every ghastly fea ture was distinctly visible. But, happily for him, his face was turned from the lord. Quickly seizing the mask, he rose. But now Lord Rex's hand was upon his shoulder again. With another suppressed cry of fiendish rage he threw up one arm-thus shrouding his face with his black robe-and with the other hand dealt the young lord a blow, that this time, felled him. But Lord Rex was on his feet again in a second. He was on them, but he stood motionless. The man had vanished I Only an instant before he had stood close to the wall and now he was gone ! Completely bewildered, he rubbed his eyes; then he muttered: 'Can it be ? The old castle has its secret crypts and passages, known only to its lords; but if there is one here I am ignorant of it, Has this chamber, stairway, or whatever it may be, another outlet ? If it has my myste. rious antagonist must escape. If not- Ah I I must set a watch ! It would be folly to dis turb the household at this hour, when a silent watch will answer every purpose.' With this decision he swiftly hurried to the gallery again. Snatching a taper from a tab'e, he was about to light it, when a voice caused him to turn sharply about. 'Ah I Johnson,' he exclaimed, hurriedly; 'I was just wanting one of you.' 'Oh ! it's you, is it, my lord ?' answered the man. 'It's my night to watch in the silver room, and I fancied I heard a fall some where, and concluded to come here and take a look round. I was afraid may be his lord ship had had a tumble.' 'No,' hastily returned Lord Rex; 'it was not the marquis.' And without pausing to expiain he hurried on. ' Send Norris to me quickly, and then look carefully after your silver.' Johnson hastened off, thinking to himself: ' I wonder what's up? I couldn't see his lordship's face, but he seemed all out of breath.' Lord Rex lighted his taper, and imagining he heard a sound from the corridor, hastened thither. He was standing there, perplexedly revolv ing the mystery, when Norris joined him ex claiming : 'How dark it is, my lord ! I left the gal. lery dimly lighted, as usual, and now you can hardly see your hand before you ! I-' He broke off with a gasp. Then, with a low cry of supreme horror, reeled backward a pace, glaring before him with parted lips and starting eyeballs. CHAPTER IV. At the butler's cry Lord Rex, the taper still in his hand, stared at him in speechless amazement. The next instant Norris gasped : ' Good heavens, my lord l you are covered with blood I' Half inclined to smile at the man's horror, Lord Rex glanced at his wounded hand, saying, indifferently : 'It's nothing serious, Norris. I-' But Noiris was pointing a shaking finger at his shirt front, and interrupted him affright edly: Your shirt bosom, my lord. See l Four bloody fingers ! Where, in the name of Heaven, did you get those unlucky marks, my lord ?' Lord Rex's eyes followed the butler's. Distinctly visible in the light of the taper were the ugly marks. ' Ah,' he exclaimed, 'my mysterious antagonist has marked me with my own blood.' . 'Then, hastening to explain, he gave a minute account of the conflict as already described. But when he mentioned his antagonist's sudden disappearance, Norris eyed hIim fur. tively, and scratched his bead in extreme perplexity.. Unobservant of the man's evident incredu. lity, Lord Rex concluded: 'And now, knowing you to be fearless, strong, and reliable, I wish you to watch here the remainder of the night. In the morning ring the servants' bell, and leave B'inkley in your place till the marquis can investigate the matter.' Hie then hurried to his apartments for a pistol. To his lprofound relief he found Laidy Rowena sunk in a deep sleep, Quickly returmnog to Norris, he said, as he gave him the weapon: I prefer that the household should not be disturbed; but on no account suffer the man behind that wall to escape. If necessary fire. Maim, rather than kill; but kill rather than allow him to escape.' With a few more directions, and a last em phatic charge to be wary, Lord Rex left him. Norris looked after him with a shake of the head. ' Mighty queer, that, about the wall!' he muttered. 'The peaky marquis has us settled his brain a bit, I guess.' He then addressed himself to the task imposed on him, But as the minutes wore slowly by, it.grew increasingly burdensome. 'It there was an atom of us`e in it!' he grumbled, at the end of a weary half hour. 'But, of course, the fellow slipped around him when he fell, and got off through or.ne of the windows I And I declare I'm getting confoundedly sleepy I' And the more he considered ihe more use less the watch appeared, Finally be mut' tered : 'I won't stay any longer, Lord Rex'll never be the wiser. He'll find Brinkley here all right in the morning, and that'll be the end of it.' Having reached this satisfactory conclu sion, Norris immediately picked up his portly person and departed, little dreaming of the misery his act of treachery was des tined to entail upon the young lord and those dearest to bim. He had been gone less than thirty minutes, when a portion of the wall be had been di rected to watch began to curl, scroll-like slowly inward. At first there was an almost imperceptible aperture, at which blazed a cautious eye. Then, little by little the aperture widened. Presently a deathly-white face appeared, and almost directly a tall form stepped boldly in the corridor, and the aperture slowly and noiselessly closed. But, still wary, the man stood motion less, every nerve strained in the act of listening, with his eyes flashed keenly about. Suddenly be started. He fancied he heard the creaking of a dror. Cat-like be sprang behind a massive piece of statuary. As he did so he stumbled against some thing crouching there. It was a human being, for an almost in audible cry burst from its lips, That was sufficient. Remorseless. as death hp grasped a plender throat, 'Speak, iool l' he hissed, breathlessly 'speak one word, and I'll stab you to the beart I' But his captive crouched passive under his band, and he relaxed his hold somewhat, still listening with bated breath. 'Pshaw! it was nothing,' he directly con cluded. And relieved of that anxiety, he turned his attention to the unexpected onr.e beneath his hand. The shadows were to heavy too admit of a view of the captive's face, and the creature seemed utterly incapable of speech. The dress proved it a woman, That was all he could determine. Presently be hissed, in a fierce whisper : 'Who are you ? What do you here, spying like a coward ? Speak ! Speak, I tell you !' And he shook the creature roughly by the shoulder, to which he had transferred his grasp. 'Then, exasperated by her continued silence, he jerked her from her dark hiding. place. In the light a white, scared face was raised piteously to his. ' Letty I' he whispered, in concentrated tones, his hand dropping from her shoulder. 'Letty Byrne I' But the instinct of self-preservation was strong, and he quickly grasped it again, though less roughly; for he had always rather liked the girl, her sprighitliness and good nature recommending itself to him as to others. But self.preservation first, So lightening this grasp somewh.?, he asked, in hushed, threatening tones: ' How long have you been here? What brought you ?' The girl attempted to speak, but her lips moved-without sound. 'Bah !' impatiently muttered her captor, in the same hushed tones. 'What a softy you-are I Here take a swallow.' And he drew a small flask of brandy from his pocket and forced her to take a mouthful. She soon responded to its stimulating effects, and when he repeated his questions, gasped almost inaudibly: 'I came for my toothache drops. I had them with me to the great chambers when I was cleaning 'em today. and I forget 'em, and when my tooth took to jumping so had again, after I got to bed I-' 'How long ago was that ?' interrupted her auditor, in deep tones. 'Why are you hidden here ?'. The girl shuddered, without replying. 'Speak! Why are you hidden here?' he asked, more fiercely. And his eyes blazed with murderous pur pose. ' I got frightened as I was oing to un lock one of the chamber doors, shuddered the girl in barely audible tones. 'Frightened I' echoed the other. 'What frightened yost?' But his quiet tone was belied by the awful glitter in his eyes. 'I saw a black figure, with a black mask on, coming along the gallery,' whispered Let ty, shivering as if in an ague fit, 'And I came here and hid.' ' Well ?' ejaculated her captor, in his dan gerously quiet voice, his eyes glittering none the less. 'Theh I found the black figure was chased by some one,' continued Letty, half inau dibly. 'Well ?' 'It ran here.' And the girl shuddered violently again. 'Well ?' ' It-it-went through the -wall' gasped Letty. 'And what did you see besidesthat? Speak I speak I' he hissed roughly, finding she remained silent. ' I saw-I saw-the mask fall!' ' Well ?' Letty remained speechless. 'Who was it ?' hissed the captor. For the first time since she had commen ced answering his questiois the girl lifted her eyes to his. 'Who was it? What did you se·?' he queried again, as she stared mutely at him. ' What did I see?' she whispered, with that stony stare, * A white, white face all-' An irrepressible shudder silenced her, though her eyes still wildly qnestioned his. 'All what ?' he queried, in awfully concen trated tones. ' All - smeared - as if - with -- bloody fingers I and-and- Miguel Costello, the face was yours 1 What does it mean Miguel? What does it mean ?' now gasped the girl in almost dying tones;. ' Mean ?' hissed Miguel, with a smothered, demoniac laugh. 'It means, my girl, that you have seen far too much !-that ytou will die 1' And he bore the poor creature, speechless with terror, swiftly backward, and the next instant a glittering blaide descended upon her breast I CHAPTER V. Miguel had drawn his dagger wi.h the full intention of killing the girl; but its keen edge only grazed the skin. 'Too dangerous! too dangerous I' he thought, dropping his hand, with a muttered oath. ' It might turn the tide of suspicion. The plan is well laid-it must not be marred! She must be held by other means !' Then, addressing Letty: 'Sit up here with you I' at the same time assisting her with a rough jerk. 'Now look at me r' The girl obeyed, half dead with fright. 'You think I am in earnest, don't you ?' She moved her lips with an assenting nod. 'Right! So I am in earnest ! ButI'vea notion to spareyour life. You are young, and have the world before you; and, as I've heard you say, have an old mother .and a younger sister looking to you. Now, answer a plain question: Will you hold your tongue about what you saw here ? Say Yes, and you shall have your life, and money to boot. Say No, and-and-yes, I'll kill you if it hang me!' And he grasped his dagger with a blaze of the eye that told Lutty be was fiercely sin cere. 'Now answer, and he quick I' 'Life is pleasant. My mother is weakly, and the moaey would help her,' whispered Letty, with chattering teeth. ' You promise to be silent, then ?' 'I promise I' 'No matter what happens--no matter what tempts you to speak ?' 'No matter what I' 'You swear it by all you hold sacred ?' 'I swear it I' 'Very good. And now tell me what hap pened after I disappeared.' ' I think I fainted when I saw-saw 'Yes, yes; I know,' impatiently inter rupted Miguel. ' After tbat-what ?' 'I heard Lord Rex talking to Norris-tell. ing bim to keep watch.' ' Well?' 'Norris stayed a while, and then went away.' A sinister smile of triumph curled Miguel's lip for an instant, and then he asked : 'How was it you did not show yourselfi?' 'I was too much stupefied with horror,' shuddered the girl. 'And then I was afraid of being rebuked for coming down to the guest.chambers without orders. It's against the rule. It might lose nie my place.' 'Rather lucky for me 1' muttered Miguel, But this is no place for you now, nor me either,' he added. 'So get up and go to bed, and see to it that you remember what I have said to you: You understand?' he hissed, fiercely, as Letty rose feebly to her feet. ' Yes,' whispered Letty, shrinkingly. 'So long as you live you will never let a hint of this secret escape you ?' 'Never i' 'See to it that you keep your word, or, by the Satan I serve, you'll answer for your in discretion dearly ! Go !' The words were accompanied by a glance of such diabolical meaning that Letty shrank as if his hand were already at her throat. 'There! Hurry yourself!' he whispered irritably. 'Norris may take a notion to come back.' And, more dead than alive, the girl hastened away. Miguel waited only to assure himself that she was gone, and then, stealthily as a cat, crept to his chamber. The butler, having Brinkly on his mind, was astir unusually early the next morning, and the servants with him. Norman Varney and Miguel were also early as it was requisite they should be, the marquis never indulging in late hours. Miguel, while awaiting in the servants' hall for.tlte marquis's bell, suddenly exclaimed, addressing one of the housemaids: 'Why, where's Letty ? I haven't seen her this morning.' 'Oh, she'll be along directly,'answered the girl. She hail an awful night with the tooth ache, and looks like a ghost this morning, and Mrs. Osborn said as how she was to lie still a bit.' ' I'm sorry,' said Miguel, sympathetically; and then he commented, in wondering tone, on the marquis's delay. 'Oh, he's only taking a beauty nap,' fat cetiously remarked a footman. Mieuel laughed with an expressive leer, and then he added, gravely: 'He was in a fine rage last night I And a queer thing it was his accusing Lord Rex as be did I It would have made your hair stand on end with horror, if you'd heard him.' I did bear him,' answered the lootman. 'I was waiting in the hall, you know, and couldn't help it.' 'You did ?' said Miguel, adding, with sin gular and impressive significance : 'And what do you suppose that secret could be which his lordship taunted him with knowing ? His lordship had evidently discovered something-that was plain as the nose on your face-and the something, whatever it was, wasn't very creditable to Lord Rex, coolly as hb took it I' 'That was just my opinion,' iodded the footman, confidentially. ' Altogether it had a very ugly sound. And when he screamed after him, ' Murderer, begone !' it made me fairly quake. Still,' be concluded, 'we all know Lord Rex'd never turn murderer !' ' No, indeed, not he F' assented Miguel; 'But his Lordship had certainly discovered something.' Just at this moment Norris came .along. 'Why, Costello, your master's late this morning, or early-which is it ?' he exclaimed countenance and voice expressive of surprise at seeing the valet lounging about at an bour when he was usually occupied with the mar quis. 'Late,' replied the valet, taking out his watch and consulting it for the tenth time. SHe's an hour behind, but what am I to do ? He has positively forbidden my going to him till he rings. The last time he did so he promised to break my head for me if I repeated the offence. Yet I went because I was afraid he was sick.' How much was it after time then ?' About thirty minutes or so.' 'And this morning an hour,' remarked Norris, after a moment's consideration. 'I think you bad better go up. He had an exciting time last night and may be ill. He is usually very punctual.' 'Yes he may beill,' said Miguel,' but I don't believe he is- it's only a freak -and if he isn't, there 'II be the mischief to pay !' Norris knew this and hesitated an instant; but finally he said: ' I think you had better go up; he is far more likely to be sick thian well.' ' If well, shall I excuse myself by saying you advised mry going up?' asked the valet, maliciously. 'No ! no I of course not !' hastily replied Norris. 'I have nothing to do with it. Act as you think best.' And with a very flushed face he was tur ning away, wben Miguel said : 'Well. I think on the whole it's best to go up.' 'I approve of your decision,' returned Nor ris, cautiously. And the valet sauntered halt laughingly off. Norris proceeded at once to the breakfast room, entering at one dooras Mr. Varney came leisurely in at another. 'Good morning, Norris,' said the latter, pleasantly, moving toward the table. 'I don't feel very hungry this morning. Last night's scene-' The sentence was cut short by the violent opening of the door communicating with the great hall, and the equally violent entrance of Miguel Costello. 'Great beavens I what's the matter ?' gasped the butler, staring at the valet's ashy pale face, dilated nostrils, starting eyes, and hair that absolutely stood on end as he wildly thrust his long fingers through its thick raven growth. 'The matter l the mattter I' echoed the valet, in hollow tones, apparently unconscious of his own words as he vacantly regarded Norris. The matter-yes-speak-man I What is it ?' And Norris grasped the back of a chair for support, while Varney, white as the sheeted dead, stood mute and motionless, the living image of a horror too frightful for expression as he, too, stared at the valet. With a gtirglihg groan the valet dropped his hand, seeming to collect his senses. Presently he gasped in a hollow whisper, as he jerked his head and eyes upward. 'Up there-the Marquis-dead-mur. dered I' 'Murdered !' gasped Norris and Varney, in a breath. And then, with an agonised groan, Norris sprang to the door and, closely followed by Varney and Miguel, dashed up to the marquis's chamber. It was too true I The humpbacked Marquis of St. Ahern was dead I quite dead I It was a frightful spectacle Evidently he had fought fiercely for his life. His bands were covered with gore, and cruelly cut in the vain effort to thrust aside the deadly blade which had finally been plunged into his beart, and then drawn across the bared throat. It was a fearful sight, and Norris and Var ney involuntarily covered their eyes, while Miguel shudderingly turned his away. His lordship lay hall out of the bed, one clenched hand almost touching the floor and his head hanging backvard over the edge, with open eyes fixed stonily on the rich hang logs of the couch, a pitiful horror in them that was heartrending to behold. ' My poor lord I my poor lord I' presently whispered Norris, chokingly, dropping his band from his eyes, and tenderly stretching out to lift the lifeless head upon the pillow. r You must not 1' muttered Miguel, in bol. low tones. 'You must wait for the arrival of officers.' 'True! true!' half sobbed the butler. SLord Rex must be called at once.' He turned with the intention of going him self. Norman Varney's hand fell heavily upon his arm. ' Not so,' he cried, sternly. 'Can you not gu.ss whose work this is? Remember the marquis'saccusation ! Remember his charge to us all! What was the secret ? He taunted Lord Rex with it, and-called him murderer? Man, Lord Rex is the ITst one you should call upon for directions ! Don't you see it ?' TO BE CONTINUED. 