An Adventure with a Ghost. When I was a lad of sren teen, I was oftice boy for Prnkerton's Philadelphia agency, and was just wild, of course, to bo sent out on a case. Every time the cap tain got a new job I would slide upto him and say : "Cap'n, you'd better let me go out on that," and he would answer with a quizzical grin, "Not this time, Harry. Wait till the next case." Along in December of that year there sas a great rush of business at cur office. We had iifteen detectives, all o01 experi enced hands, and they were on the jump nightand day. We could not bundle the business tlict was coming in, and the cap. tain calling out in fun from his private office, " I guess we'll have to let you take the next case. H-arr." Hardly had he said the words when the door opened and a raw old countryman entered. He proved to be Joe Baylis, a Montgomery county justice of the peace, and hc waited the captain to send aman down with him to attendi to a ghost who "as cutting didos at Furt Washington. The captain told him he would send a man as soon as he had oneat hi., disposal. The old fellow left and 1 jumped to my feet. "Captain," I said, "send ma on the case." The captain leaned back in the chair and looked at me hard. "-See here, Harry," he said, "suppose I were to send you, what would you do 1" I outlined a very elaborate campaign against the ghost. Hie let me linish and thei said : " You'd make a confounded ass of yourself, now, wouldn't you? You'd mnake us the laughing stock of the town. Now listen. In the tira:. ilace, always bear in mind there is no such thing asi a ghost. If I send you to Fort Wcshiugton, got here with that idea in your head. There is no such thing as a ghost. If you eee the -host and get neiar enougli, jump for it. It will turn out to Ie a iuman being-no doubt of that. Now, I'll let yvo go and try your hand. If you see the chost and think you can't handle it, lie low and follow it and see who it is." The captain gave me money and away I went. I lelt pretty brave, forit was broad daylight then, but there were times when 1 wished myself well out of the 'hing. I got to Fort Washington about three o'clock and inquired the way to the haunted house from nhe station ageint. I found it on a hill about half a mile from the own, and looked it over with interest and apprehen meth. It was an old white frame mansion staading ii P'ark-likc grounds w:th plenty of outhouses tbout it. Some co uitrvmeo when I met, told me that the ghost was in the habit of standing on top of the bread stone wall that skirted the roadway. There was an otthouse so situated that ay one concealed in it could overlook the siole stretch of wall from end to end, and I made up my mind that this was the plece for me to get into before the ghost made its appear..nce. Then I went hack to the hotel, took my supper ani chatted with the waiters and a few loungers about the ghost. I learned that it first appeared about three weeks before my arrival. A man named .McTauish, an igo irsnt farm hand, was the first percon to en comiter it. He was conmiig to the towi one night front the grist-riill with a sack of nieal on his back. and paused for a moment in front of the old house to set the bag down on a stump and rest his shoulder. lie heard a voice beL- ind him, and turning round saw standirg on the wall a figure he afterwarde said was lifteen feet high at least. He did not stop to observe. the figure very ca;-efuliv, though, but mn as hard as kudw how .'own tle road. N ext night a pasty of dsen saw the ghost and they al-o raun. They said the ghost made alter them breathing fire and brimstone and acting in a pectdiarly weird and unholy manuner. After that :he house was avoided at night, but several strong parties of men, including the select men of the town, saw ohe ghost from a respectful distance. It approached them in each case, and in each case they took to their heels. About dusk I stole down to the deserted house, and it was dark when I got there. I slid along the wall to the outhouse, crept cautiously in and shut the door again. Hardly bad I shut the door when I knew that there was some other person in that outhouse. I felt sure there was somebody close to my elbow. I was tremblin" like a leaf, but. I managed to pull a match from my pocket and strike it. I held it up. It showed me a big white muffled figure not two feet away. Then the mentch went out. Was I scared ? Well, now, I should say so. There are some people who laugh at the idea of a man's hair standing ou end. They say it i.s a physical impossibility, but I know better. I could feel my hair ri;e rightup and lilt my hat, and my flesh crept. lunt I had to jump. I "sut my eves and grabbed for the ghost. I was so frightened 1 .seemed to lose consciousnuss for a m ienit, but grabbed somethilig and held oIL Wihen the first shock passed I felt the ghost tugging aid pulliig to get avsay fm-nm me. It seemed as badly frigh tened as I was, and its hands were soft and S"Doiu't hurt me," it said in a terrified voice. I had no voice to reply wi'h. I was choking, but. I lulled my captive out on the laoin and looked at? it in the moon light. The sheet that had beei niufiled ajout the figure, fell to the ground-a pretty girl of 1 was disclo-ed. I wuas mu a cold perspiration anid shaking as if recovering from a shock of elee:ricity, but when 1 saw that I had caught a real grnuine flesh and blood girl, and no ghost, _ i'eau to feel better aiid liresently was sule to talk. " Whoiare you T' he asked. "Jeiuii liayhs." " What 1 the daughter of Joe Daylis 1" " Yes sir." " What are you doing this for l" The girl began to cry. She said she had not meant any harm. Ste and her sister had played ghost just to have some fuii. Imer sister was usually ,eth her, but did not come this night. its she was too busy. -"he had heard fron nor father that a deteetmve wa~ coiming to catch tha ghost, but thought hic was noi due for a day or two, and cesolved to make oue last appearance and then give up ".he perfor mance till things calmed down. "" Who are you !" she asked. "I'm the detective," I said. She looked me over in evident awe and constermnation, tinged with some surprise on account of "my age. " What are you going to do with me 1" "I shall have to expose you "" The girl cried again and begged to be released and allowed to go hoiie, but that did not suit rie at all I said she was my prisoner and ns such I must leliver her up to the authorities, and af:er a good deal of waiting, she suggested that I had better give her up-to her own father. I .agreed to that, and picking up the sheet, I held her arm and took her rith me to " Will you eat a philopoena wi:h loe, Miss Emily T'"" What if I lose ?" " Then I win a kiss." "And if I win ? " Thea I have to kiss yeumr herfather's house, about a mile distant. " Don't you know you might have been killed by some of those people you fright ened t" I asked. "No, sir, I never thought of that. Everybody wha saw me ran away." When we got to the farm-house where Jennie livad it was half-past nine o'clock. Everybody waa in bed and the lights were all out, but I hohlly knocked at the door. A wiidow opened and a man's voice said : "Who's there 1" " Me." "Who's me t" I "The detective." " You're rather late. - Why did you not wait till to-morrow 1 Better come round and see me- in b he uforning" " I want to oee you now: I have the ghost." At this the window was closed with a bang, and i heard hurried steps on the stair. The door opened and old Baylis stood in the doorway.- He was draped in a very long old-faohioied white gown and wore a tadl steeple-shaped night-cap. one hand help up a tin candlestiAk anrd the other shaded the licht. A circle of beard sweep -ng under his chin from ear to ear made him loak very comical. He looked at me in astonisMie-t and when he saw his daughter and the sheet I thought he was going into conoulsions. "You, Jennir ?" lie asked at lengh. " Yes, father," said Jennie ' very humbly. Old Baylis sighed and said "Come in." He -eat for the neighbnurs immediately. I don't krnew what was said at their meet ing, for I vas mot admitt.d to it, but old Baylis gare me a letter to the captain and p 'Li-d :n i , ai'e the midnight train. Next muurnimg I reached the office early and found ad The men present, waiting for the cnptain to detail tiiem. The men grinned atu me an I paiatid the dime of day plea santly eiiugh. They all knew where I- had been and anticipatrd a wonderful t 'Ie of disaster and defeat, which they were zeady to laugh st, although I was a favourite with them, having dene many a piece of extra work for every mai there. " I thought I senl youto Fort Washing. toi, Harry .' said the captain. " tes, air." " Made an ass of yourselt I suppose?" "There's a letter, mr." While tie cap-ain read the letter the men guyed me. "This is a very nice letter, Harry," said the esptain. "Boys, the youngster cap tuaeil the ghost. "Did he .' said the men. " Yes, sir, he did. The boy is a credit to us," and then the captain read the letter of the selectmen out loud. At every sentence I grew a foot. " Well, how did you do it 1" several inquired. I toid the story, and you may be sure I did not refrain from giving myself plenty of credit. My tale was very highly coloured. Whefi it was con cluded, Long Jim Langdon drawled out: "IHarry, tell the homiest truth. Was you frightened when that match went out ?" "No, of course not!" said I. But I was frightened two years later, whcn I asked the ghost to marry sue, and I thought she was going to say no. How ever, she didu't.-" Texas Siftings." 