A GRAVE-YARD ADVENTURE. “Then, boys, I suppose T have to go I addressed tho party with a cheerful lone of affected indifference, in hopes that some one among the number, more fond of midnight adventures than I, would volunteer to act as my substitute. “ Yes,” replied one of the students, smiling, “ the die has cast your lot.” Having secured in me a tool to serve their purpose, they wished mo success in my adventure ; and, bidding mo. good night, I soon found myself alone in the dissecting-room. As I sought for the implements requisite for such an adven ture as I was about to engage in, I in wardlv wished that I had never begun tho study" of medicine ; and bittor were tho invectives I cast agaiust the fate that had selected mo as tho unfortunate one. Securing the necessary articles, I laid them on the table until such time as I was ready to sally forth. It wanted two hours to midnight; and to pass away tho time, which I knew would hang heavily on my hands, I se lected from the book-case one of Fcnni more Cooper’s works, “ Oak Openings.” Seating myself, I bogan its perusal, hop ing that it would prove sufficiently attrac tive to engross my attention. In vain did I try it. My mind was worked up to such a state of nervous excitement by the thoughts of coming events which did not “ cast thoir aliadows before,” that every line I read contained, in my imagination, Buch horrid deeds of murderers, stalking ghosts, and gravcdiggors, that in disgust I hurled it from me. In its flight it came in contact with a skeleton which stood beside the door, and with a dull thump knocked it ever, scattering the bones hither and thither over the floor. With dilated eyes I gazed upon tho wreck ; but being too timid to touch the sacred bones of the departed dead at that hour of the night, and especially when there was no odo in hailing distance, I decided to let the august particle of said deceased try a night’s lodging on tho bare boards. “ Surely,” thought I, as I consulted tho spirits within my pocket companion, in order to revive my own spirits, “ he won't feel any worse than I do.” Imagine my feelings as I sat there, with “ no one to love,” or cheer me up with conversation. Nothing but grim old skeletons surrounding me on all sides. The “ Oak Openings ” had knocked over the candle and blown tho light out; but I was not “ left to pino away in total darkness.” The mellow, silvery beams of the moon, which was then high in the heavens, came peering gently through the windows into the room. The evening was clear and cool; and tho passing winds, swaying to and fro the branches of an old elm which stood beside the house, caused them occasionally to grate against the window blinds, and mo to startle with fear, while I would conjure up wandering spirits without, sighing their mournful dirges, perhaps craving admittance to re monstrate against my projected desecra tion of the graves of their companions. I staggered to tho window and gazed forth, hoping to find something without that would divert my attention. But for the lowing of distant herds, and a discordant quartette gratuitously gotten up by sun dry sympathetic and decidedly unpathetic specimens of the feline species, who were perched on a fence directly beneath my window, all nature seemed at rest. I was torturing my mind into a pitch of frenzy by my gloomy meditations, when I heard with joy the old town clock ring out the hour of midnight. Hastily throwing on my overcoat, I buttoned it tightly about my throat, making tho collar hide my face as much as possible. Concealing about my person the articles I needed, I slouched my hat carelessly over my eyes, and silently descending the stairs, I was soon out in the street. It was a glorious night. Tho minutest objects were visible at quite a distance j and had not the moon, which was sailing majestically through the silver- tinted clouds directly above mo, convinced me to the contrary, I would surely havo laboured under the impression that it was broad daylight. The gentle zephyrs cares singly touched my cheeks as they danced murmuringly along ; and, indeed, it was just such a night as gallaut swains would select for a promenade wherein they un disturbed might whisper into their idols’ willing ears the oft-told story of their love. But it was anything but such a night as I would nave selected for the per petration of tho outrage for the accom plishment of which I had been delegated. An hour elapsed before I came in sight of Cypress Cemetery. As I approached its boundaries the cold white marble monuments came in view ; and the unac countable courage which I had displayed on my way from the dissecting-room and through the silent streets thither suddenly flagged. I commenced trembling with fear, and while my heart palpitated vio lently, and almost audibly, cold shivers ran through me, and beads of icy perspi ration gathered on my brow. This was the first time I had ever visited a graveyard in the silent, solemn hours of midnight; and I turned to flee from the spot as I thought of the atrocious crime I was about to commit. But thoughts of the scornful contempt with which my companions would receive me if I proved mysolf, in their estimation, a coward un equal to the task, nerved me ; and 1 de termined to secure the corpse at all hazards. Vaulting the cemetery fence with no light heart or willing bound, I crouched beneath the shades of the cypress foliage to secure my movements from any casual observer, should any be lurking about, as was oftentimes the case. As I stealthily crept along, thinking how ‘ miserable I would feel should any one dis turb the grave of my own dead mother, for whom I was then in mourning, I was startled by a voice' whispering to mo in slow, measured accents—“ Do unto others • as you would be done by." I turned to face tho speaker; but no one was there beside myself; and attri buting the language used to some of the many freaks of my imagination, I con tinued my way in silence. The monotonous quiet that prevailed throughout the cemetery was suddenly disturbed by the crowing of cocks in an adjacent farm. Thinking that the com ing day was dawning, I turned to see if the moon had gone down, when, tripping, I stumbled prostrate over a grave. I felt the ground trembling beneath me • I was sinking—sinking 1 I tried to rise; I could not, and I cried aloud for help Ob, the untold misery of that moment! A tremendous roar, as if in his indig nation Jupiter had cast a thousand thunderbolts at once from the heavens, and amid flames and chaos I was sent flying through the air. I fell again sense less, and when I awoke it was only to confront a grim phantom which stood directly before me. “Arise !” it commanded ; and some in visible aid brought me to my feet, for 1 was too weak and terrified to assist myself. "With fire flashing irom ms eyeless sockets, and teetb clenclied, St biased address*1* to me— “ Depraved, sacrilegious, presumptuous mortal, are you so vile and thoughtless as to wander at this solemn hour within the precincts of these hallowed grounds *1 Who living, belongs to you, that you soei them here ?" _ I tried in vain to reply. The words X would utter melted into air on my lips, and the phantom continued:— “ Know you not, oh, wretched, miser able mortal, that herein are the homes of those who seek rest in eternity j* You have willingly and promeditatedly trans gressed the laws of heaven and man. You have disturbed me, and called mo forth from the slumbers of ages; and as you sought your fate herein, I shall seal you, doom.” . It then beckoned me to follow it. X tried to turn and fly from the spot; but I could not move a step backwards ; and. I had lost all control of my limbs. I tried to scream, hoping thereby to gain assis tance ; but my lips would not speak. “Great heaven, deliver mo !” I inwardly prayed, as I felt my legs carrying me wheresoever the phantom went. At last we arrived at the summit of a high urecipice, overlooking the country for hundreds of miles around. Here wohaltod, and the phantom, raising its arm, pointed to the plains below, at tho same time corn'1' manding mo to look. There wus the town boyond ; and too plainly did I see, among the many buildings, the one in which, three hours before, I had boou compara tively happy. Tears tilled my eyes, and I bowed my head only to gazo on the dismal, craggod rocks, thousands of feet beneath ino. I was standing on the very brink of tiie precipice. Tho slightest movement would have hurled me into eternity, and my brains would ha7c moistened the moss covered rocks below. Oh, the torments, the anguish of that moment! “ Vile mortal!” began my tormentor— and I looked up to hear my fate—“you have now seen your homo where once vou were, and could have yet been happy h-vl you respected tho graves of run- dead. You have but a moment to live, for already I scent the morning air 1” The moment passed. It beckoned to mo, saying— “ Come, come, you booby; are you going to stay hero all night 1" And a rough jerk brought tne to my senses. My chum, Gus Beaumont, stood be foro me. The doctor had finished his lecture, and I had been dreaming. 