;'EVANGELISTIC SERVICES. The Rev. J. A. Gault, confer'ened evan g.list, 'ohimenced 'a series 'of evangelistic services in the Horsham Wcsleyan' Church' on Sunday, when lie preached morning and evening to -large and appreciative congre gations. The evangelist is a young man of more than average, pulpit ability and he brings to thewvork in which he-is engaged not only. great earnestness.of:purposelut also a thoughtful and evidently cultivated mind. His preaching, 'whilst direct anil forcible, is altogether free from extriiaagance and is calculated to make a deepland lasting im pression upon those brPughtr within its in fluence. Un Sunday morning. Mr. GOult, who prefaced his serion-.with a short, effective and highly;.interestinjg ddress to the"tichildred'," basedi his remarks upon I. Thesalihians,; ' ..: chtpter;', xiii verse.' Thire' were not' 'a -few Christians, -the preachersaid,'who were like the Mahome-. hn who. when he felt- thit'he had resisted temptattonouto . the ,utmosti of -lis ability permittedhimself to liaps intoi sin with the reflection that Allah was. merciful nd. wounlil.,ot putnihl him for the weakness of his'iii ral frce.: They too jsisted tempta' tio i'fo;' a tiiide arid then' give wy to it thbowing- theiiiselves npon ':themercy 'of God. There were others .who could :-not' bring themeelves to submit to this lapse but 'were""'continuiilly . lashing themselves'into renewed endeavor after the holy life. To both of thesi the text had strong application.. iTo therifirst section it came as a battle cry .frpin.the great leader of .iigliteousness, and.to thei second it was, suggestive as it was'of utlinate'triuntph over evil; full 'of hope'and"''riEorsgemin rnt;. Re irged that conversion,*which was the great change that,' st no'e. time or another,'. took place in a man's soul, should not be thought too lightly of, aiad that on the other it should not" be elaiated into too great prominence t nd made.too muchl of as' a spritual asset. It was not because a man or, a woman had been converted 25 years before' that he' or she nwai'all'right now. The' great question wa;s;' Whatwas the present relation of sthed soul to:;God ! '-If since conversion; there had been no'. growth in holiness then the purpose of conversion,, which was not a meie delivertnce'from, the consequenceso of sin, had failed. 'The'trtth of.the niatter was that men did not get for. their' soul more than their faith prompted them to ask for and to believe they would receive. When a: man firsutexperienced'a conviction of sin and underweiit conversion all he asked -for as a rule was forgiveness and he obtained that and ho. more. Later on,. however, he. came to feel.the necessity of. cleanising, arid' wheni hi 'falth expected that 'blessing it was "added to him"and the love of God, which had forgiven his'"ini quities, took from hIim also the power of sin: :This cleansing and deliveraqce frbm the power of sin was not a.thing that was done once for all, it needed continual repetition. What, they had to strive after was to get Clirist ithin their hearts,for He was holiness itself... The atmosphere jof Christ .was one in which'sili could not Ilivd?.;'When sin came in'contact with it it lst all its po&wer; and each"temptaitiiin to'eil! was made to the Christian a means of bleiasiog and. method ,. of- sanctiftcation.. ,Sauctification neaniti'tle presentation, thb consecration of self to God, tliat lbly reasonablWe'andX cep. table 'sacrifice '-or' which St.' Paul spoke. God reqnired' the best pirt of a man ," his soul,' lihi intellect,' his powers of thought and. snorces of emotion. He also required 'the presentation of the body. He had to do not only with the soul, but with the entire" man, soul. and.body, whichlie had designated as the templeof the Holy Ghost.' Onr hands anil our feet slould h iet dcosecrtited io His'work; 'our eyes should lie for him to look through;'aid our lip- for him to speak with. The perfec:t inat wits not ruled wholly hy either body.'or soul,ýeither by the, passions of the one or the purely intellecttal., operations ofi the other.?. Body. and: soul should ble Ibut com plementary to the'spirituial nature, the inl' fluence of which .should be paramount and suiprme.' The'offerinig 'iade the consecra'. tion 'iflifeto-God, the sacrifie had to' he cleansed :and: mdeT meet ifor: the Master's icceptance. The cleansing mst lie effected by the, blood of Christ, which would wash away all the impurities of, the hedrt and re move frono it iot oyily. s.in but the causes. and power of sin. 'Witli the cleansing of the blood, there were also those of the water of the word ind'the fire:of.the'Holy Spirit. The presefritaioh' mnset be.. made upon the holy. ltar-.ofChrisr, the holiness of which would communicate itself to' the offeiing..It was the-altar that sinctified the- gift' bther wise impure and unwivrthy"of Himn to whoii' it was made. The preacher conicluded w.ithi an earnest exhortatiion to 'coinplete eliacti.' fication' to the higher, the perfect life; in which isin ': had 'no power, in- which evil ceased to trouble' and to which, care and anxiety were foreign. . In, the, evening, when there were a very large. congregation, Mr. Ganlt delivered'an' earnest evangelical sermon, the impresslori rodutced by which was very marked, upoii the sufferings of Christ and the glory that had been obtained by them. ::; The choir, under the leadership of Mr'. O. D.' King, contributed appropriate music at both services, Miss Millar presiding at the, organ writh her usual ability. ,, . . Last evening a successftil service, at hiah' a powerful evangelistic address was de livered, was held, and' "wis lollowed by a prayer meeting for men only. iThe series of meetings will' lie continued throughout the w eek. i;;-.. :+ :': ** ,* ; : ',: ' . , 