CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The Rev. Silas Mead preached at the Flinders-street Baptist on Sunday evening on Ought parents to decide whether the Bible shall be read in our public schools ?? In the oourse of his reoarks Mr. Mead said: — * itus is the qaestioa I desire now to place before yon, because it is an unsettled one, and because it affects the welfare—the moral and spiritual welfare—of the present and future people of this province. It has been demoastrased again and again by polls publicly taken in the rolnny. both on a large scale and on a small scale in certain districts, that eight at least out of each ten parents—generally nine oat of ten parents—do desire their boys and girls attending our public schools to read and be taught certain portions of the Scriptnree. The value of thete poUi the nuwspapers have found it convenient to depreciate. These newspapers have committed themselves to a pdboy ot oppo sition to the introduction of Scripture reading into our scboolfi on various pleas, and soj seek to minimise the force ot the fast that nine out of ten, or say eight out of ten parents desire their too* and daughters to have Scripture reading within aobootnoara. Let itbebome in mind that thapuiaunt permissive regulation is practically a farce. Much as I advocate the reading of the Scriptures in sJmoI hoars, still were I sending mf owb young children to the public schools I should not wish them to be kept in the school room while the rest wen out at ph\y in order to get tbrougfa a Scripture lesson. This is what the present mediation amounts to. Who are the persons who know as well as anybody what their children need in the way of instruction— moral instruction ? UUnottbeparenSe? Must you as parents have your judgment set aside because of the few M-P-V and some others, who on certain theoretical grounds advocate the exclusion of God* Scriptures from the day school? Who pays the cost of these schools? Is it not the parents mainly whose I children an foand iv these schools* Why should not these taxpayimr parents whose children are in the day school determine the question whether their children shall have the bcriptures read and taught their children, or I not? It is said that we have no right to make the taxpayer who is opposed to this pay iiis tax for what he does not approve. To this tay reply is twofold (1) —Taose parents who wuti otherwise need uot have tiieir children taught the Scriptures as they would be set to otier school work if desired, so there is not the ghost of compulsion or the leant stnmbling block to offend their conscience in fc^*?^ (2) — Then I demur to the Government taking my tax paid money to educate my son or daughter, and relnse to allow them to read the Scriptures in the ecnool bourn. Tnat I take to be a huge injustice. I dicidedly object to my children being denied tho opportunity of Scrip ture education in the day auhool. Why should the Government «"?p*? on my righto and refuse me the common heritage to which I am entitled ? Some fe*r the bo£ie of church and State monopoly. In { the United States they have no State church, and ot ooune never will. In a very large num ber of their puhlio schools they have Scripture reading in the day school. That does not < brmg the Auu-riaan people aa inch nearer to { the adoption of State aid to churches. Neither j would it do so hum in Australia. Very few signatures were attaahed hare when lately a petition "?""g the Parliament of South Aus tralia to take a poll was lying in the vestry fot signature. I find a still larger effort is about to be made to secure the same result. I venture to hope others will sign the petitions." The rifty-tifch anniversary of the Flinders street Presbyterian Church was celebrated on Sunday, when the Rev. W. & Maoqueen, of lialiarat, preached two eloquent sermons in the morning and evening. The church was taste fully decorated with Sowers for the occasion. A social meeting will be held in the lecture hall on Tuesday evening. The anniversary of the Norwood Wesleyan Church was held on Sunday, die preacher in the morning being the Rev. Joseph Berry, while in the evening tho Rev. Dr. Jeife:ia officiated. In the atsernoon a praise serrioo waa held by the Rev. H. T. Burgess and choir, the musical portion being very ably rendered. A public meeting will be held on Tuesday evening, when the speakers will in ulude the Key. Jos, Berry, the Rev. Charles Bright, and others. 