The Storyteller. Doreen: The Story of a Singer. CHAPTER XXXIII.—DOREEN SEES THE CHIEF. SECRETARY (Continued). By EDNA LYALL, Author of "Dononav," "We TWO." "A Hardy Norseman," &c.; Ten minutes later Doreen re-entered the waiting-room, where Hagar Muchmore still sat in solitary state with her knitting. " For the land's sake!" exclaimed the good woman, startled out of her self-possession. " Where have you been ? Why, you look ready to drop." " I am cold," said Doreen, taking the chair which Mrs. Mnchmore drew up to the fire for her, and trying to keep her teeth from chat tering. " Why, your hands are all of a tremble," said Hagar, " and your face is as white as a sheet. One would think you had been face to face with death. I'll go and fetch you a oup of coffee; the cold has just got into you; that's what it is." She trotted off briskly to the refreshment room, and Doreen crouched over the fire, feeling as though she needed all the warmth in the world. "Hagar is right," sheßaid; "I have been brought face to face with the true death, not our good friend, the Death-angel, but the death of hatred and revenge and murder. Ob, thank God, that this time, at least, its ghastly hand is stayed!" At this moVnent the express steamed into the station : there was muoh bustle and confusion on the orowded platform. Doreen went to the window and looked out over the blind. She could see the surprised and disappointed look on the people's faces as the minutes passed by and the Chief Secretary did not appear. She also saw the two conspirators. One of them stood near the door from the booking-office, through which, presumably, )he Chief Seoretary would pass; the other seemed to be moving slowly along the entire length of the train, looking into every carriage. But they watohed and waited in vain ; the bell rang, the whistle Bounded, and at last the express moved off. Doreen returned to her place by the lire. A sense of joyous triumph began to take possession of her; the crime which would have plunged her country into yet another and more galling era of repression, which would have alienated the sympathies of those who were beginning to say that there had been too much coercion, had been ohecked. The Chief Seoretary was, for the time at any rate, saved. "I am sorry to have kept you so long wait ing," said Hagar, returning with the coffee, " but the place was that crowded there was no getting through. The silly folk had all come to stare at some one who never came, after all. Why, you're quite a different colour now." " You look exactly like old Mother Habbard, Hagar. I believe you are almost disappointed to _ come back and find me hale and hearty," said Doreen with her irresistible laugh. "But I assure you I want the coffee badly enough." "Oh, yes," said Hagar; " it's nothing but a flush from the fire; I can see that. And lam really glad, Miss Doreen, that in a few days you'll be having a quiet time in Ireland and a holiday from singing, for I do think you aro overworking yourself. Bushing from one side of England to the other and singing in oratorios two nights running is more than you ought to do." Doreen let the words pass without contra diction, bat she knew well enough that it was grief, and not work, that was beginning to tell upon her. When, the next day, she reached home late in the afternoon, she found, however, that at last her long, weary waiting for news of Max was at an end. Mollie came Hying downstairs to meet her with a cry of joy. " Oh, Doreen 1" she said, " I am so glad you have come, for Mrs. Magnay is here, and she has asked us to a party, and she wants us to help in the acting: Bride to be the Dormouse, and Dermot the Hatter, and me to be Alice. You will say ' Yes,' won't you ?" Aglow of happiness and relief filled Doreen's heart. For not one of Max Hereford's friends or relations had vouchsafed a word to her since the summer, and though she had more than once enoountered Miriam since that miserable day in the Brighton train, only the most cold and formal recognition had passed between them. But Esperance behaved precisely as if nothing had happened. Her warm, French greeting, her eager discussion of the children's party whioh was absorbing her thoughts, and afterwards her long, amusing account of their six months in Auvergne really interested Doreen. And laier on, when the children had ran off in search of sundry theatrical properties which might, they thought, come in usefully for "Alice in Wonderland," Esperance skil fully turned the talk on to the subject she knew Doreen longed to approach. " We tried hard to persuade Max to come to us when he left Madeira, and to see what a real French country house was like. Bat he was too lazy to take the journey. He is with the Herefords now at Biarritz." " Is he any the worse for hi3 imprisonment ?" said Doreon. "He said very little about himself in his letter," said Esperance; " only that he was convalescing, that he intended to stay on at Biarritz till. April, and that the Firdale people still retain him aB the Liberal candidate after a good deal of talk and fus3 about his mistaken arrest." " I had heard nothing since he was released," said Doreen, "except that he was goingstraight to Madeira." " He was in Madeira fof some weeks, then in Spain for a time; now he seems to have settled in at Biarritz with the Herefords, who will, at any rate, take good care of him. Claude has an idea that his illness must have been ooming on for a long time; he says he has never looked the same since the day of Mrs. Hereford's funeral. I can't help hoping that this long rest and ohange will set him op again, and that we shall find he is his old stlf when he returns. Doreen, is it really true that you have joined the Ladies' Land League ?" " Yes," said Doreen, glad that her companion turned to an entirely new subject without wait ing for a response. "It is quite true. Who told you ?" "Lady Worthington had seen a paragraph somewhere about it. Of course you know she is of the other persuasion, and was very muoh shocked—oouldn't understand it at all." "I dare say she thinks we are all like the fifty flighty young ladies from America depioted in Punch," said Doreen, smiling. "As a matter of fact, the chief work is just the business-like distribution of relief to those in distress, and the supplying huts to evicted people. As I do not want my country folk to be forced from Ireland, or turned into paupers in the workhouse, or left to die of cold and hunger on the road, whioh is their only other alternative if they are evicted, I naturally join the league and do the little I can do for them." "But," said Esperance doubtfully, "people over here are so fond of you, and this will be suoh a very unpopular stop. Is it not almost a pity, just when your reputation is made, to risk offending every one ?" " Are we then only to give what will cost as nothing ?" said Doreen with a light in her eyes that startled Esperance. " I have not rushed into this without thought. It may very pro* bably injure my position, and popularity is, of course, de%r to the heart of every artist; but it must stand seoond to duty. Let justice be done though the heavens fall." Esperance looked troubled. "Of course," she said,'' as yet I have heard only the landlords' side of the story, and Lady Worthington has kept me well plied with tales of outrage and crime." " Gome over to Ireland with me next Wed nesday, and Bee things from the other side," she said with a smile. " Lady Worthington is charming as a friend ; but she believes in the feudal system, and understands the needs of the people about a3 well as the inhabitant of some other planet might do." "Do you really go to Ireland next week?" " Yes," said Doreen. " And I have a special favour to beg of you. See something of Mollie and Bride while lam away. They will be well taken care of here by Aunt Garth and Mrs. Muohmore, but they will bo rather dull. Leaving them behind is my greatest trial. Bat their other guardian thought it a pity to take them away at this time of year, and I doubt if Dublin would suit them." Esperanco promised to see a3 much of them as possible, and as she drove home began to revolve kindly schemes for bringing the O'liyans-into closer friendship with her own children. "But, after all," she reflected, " it is Doreen herself who looks as if she needed mothering. I should dearly like to know what it was that caused'those two to break off their engagement. I wonder whether there is no chance of setting thing3 right again ?" Chapter XXXIV.—At the Office of tiie La.nd League. The time which had been so dark to Doreea had been daily brightening for little Una Kings ton. It WA3 delightful to watch the glow of health returning to her face, and she lookod younger and rounder and more childlike than she had ever looked since her father's death. It bad been arranged that, as in the spring she would bo free from the agent who had nearly killed her with work, Brian Osmond should order her to go abroad till the end of April and that she should then bo put into the bands of the trustworthy Freen to begin work again by degrees, with tho option of refusing what ever her doc lor objected to. Madame de Berg waa not sorry to avail horself of Doreen'a kindly offices; and though the two had as little in common as before thc-y wore on better terin3 with eaoli other. Doreen, for Una's sake, endeavoured to keep the peace; and Madame de Berg was somewhat mollified by the kindness to her little ward, which proved so convenient to herself. Moreover, she was gratified tq learn that her young rival was to be in Ireland till the season began, and that she should step into her vacant place at Boniface's concerts. It happened ihat Doreen's last engagement in England was a concert at a town near Fiidalo early in January. The day following was Mrs. Hereford's birthday, and she had long intended to drivo over to Monkton Verney, and to put a wreath on the grave, not liking to think that the day should pass without any recognition. The thought of losing so many of her last hours with the children did not, however, please her, and, to their great delight, she took Una, Mollie, and Bride with her, enjoying the little sisters' immense appre ciation of a night at a real hotel, and glad to have them with her when she drove to Monkton Verney. It was one of those mild winter days when, for the first time, spring seems not fur off, and a sense of growth and hope rises in the heart. The sight of the old familiar places made Doreen sad; but the children's happiness soothed her, and tho kindly greetings of one or two of the cottagers who recognised her as she passed gave her genuine pleasure. The house was let to strangers, bat the children did -not oare about that. They had eaten a picnic lunch in the oarriage, and Doreen knew that old Goody would give them tea if they walked across the park to her cottage while the^horae was resting. Having visited the churchyard, and seen the ruins of tho Priory, they proceeded to the old woman's cottage, and received from her a hearty welcome. For, though the rioh may change, or move altogether from the neigh bourhood, the poor are generally to be found, and they are always ready to give of their best. Goody dusted the chairs for them, admired the ohildren, showed them a faded old photograph of Max, as a small boy, mounted on a Shetland pony, and did the honours of her house in the most charming way imaginable. Nor did Bhe once say a word that could pain Doreen, though her keen old eyes read much of the truth in the girl's sad face. She bustled about and prepared tea for them, and ke^t them all amused with her quaint old stories. "And now, Goody, it is my turn," said Doreen. "I must sing you your favourite song. Wbioh shall it be ?" "Well, miss, since you're so obliging, I should like the ■" Last Rose," only to the other words you always used to put to it." Doreen smiled, and sitting there beside the hearth she Bang thorn "Oh, Bay of Dublin 1" after which they naturally fell to talking of her visit to Ireland, until she started up in some dismay to see how late it was growing. Goody, too, seemed distressed as she opened the door and looked acn>3s the park. " I'm thinkin' you had better bo goin' round by the road," she Baid. " It's over-late for you to be going yonder." "Why, Goody, 'the moon is shining as bright as day,' as the children sing," said Doreen with a laugh, " and the road is more than a mile further. Oh! we shall do very well. Come— Una of the poldcn hair White- necUod Una 'og machrec. Wrap this shawl well round you, and don't open your mouth till we reach the carriage. It will never do for you to take cold just oefore you leave England." Goody looked uncomfortablo and purturbed ; but she made no more remonstrances, and bade them good night, standing for some minutes at the door to watch them as they made their way towards the Priory. It was not until they were nearly half way there that Doreen suddenly remembered why Goody had disliked the idea of tbeir crossing the park bo late. She recollected that it was always on moonlight nights that the ghost appeared, and she would hardly have been a true Celt if her heart had not beaten a little faster at the thought. Mercifully, the oh'ildren were quite unsuspicious, for Bhe had taken good caro that they should hear nothing of the story. Mollie and Bride were laughing and talking together. She joined in the talk, but kept her eyes ever in the direction of the grim old ruin. "Tell Una one of the Irish legends; they would please her,' she said. And Mollie begnn obediently to tell the tale of how the good Countess Kathleen gave up houses and land and all her wealth to save the poor from selling their souls to the Evil One. Doreen had schooled herself into thinking that, after all, the Monkton Verney ghost was probably a vain imagination of the country folk, when suddenly her heart seemed to stand still; for, looking towards the ruin, she clearly saw the very figure Goody had described to her long ago—old Lord Boyle, with his Elizabethan ruit, his peaked beard, his cloak, just liko tbo picture that hung in the hall. Her extreme fear lest Una should be alarmed made her walk resolutely on until a group of trees hid the figure from sight, but, as shn walked, a feeling grew upon her that she must go and seo for herself what this spirit wanted, and for what reason it still continued to haunt the Priory. Was not this, perhaps, her last chance of doing anything for Max? The thought nerved her for an effort which, to one of her temperament, was no slight struggle. "I will catch you up, children," she Baid. "Keep straight on to the gate, and get into the carriage." Una nodded assent, and Mollie, who was deep in. her story, did not break off for a moment. Doreen, as she walked towards the ruin, heard the clear little voice saying, "But Kathleen had now no more to give, and there were still eight days before food for the people could come in ships from the West. So, at last, to save tho poor from selling their souU, she sold her own soul for a great prioo, and tho money lasted the Irish till the corn came. Bat the Lord would not let the Evil One keep the soul of Kathleen, who had so loved tho people." The voioo died away in the distance, and Doreen, emerging from behind the group of trees, once more distinctly saw tho ghost. Her breath oame fast, but Bhe thought of Max, and walked steadily on. And now she stood actually within tho rum, aud she could soe that the soft evening breezo lightly stirred the folda of tho uloak; her knees trembled beneath her, but she walked bravely right up to tho kneeling figure ; she even put out her hand to touch it, and could hardly believe it when she found that there was absolutely nothing there—nothing but a shadow upon tho wall. Looking round in her relief aud eurpriso to sec what object could cast such a shadow, she found that it was an old gargoyle, that a broken fragment of stonework formed tho Elizabethan ruiY, and that the cloak was nothing whatever but the ivy hanging upon the wall. She pioked two or three Icavc3 as a memorial of her visit, praying, as shs had so often prayed before, that the wrongs of the past might be set right as far as was possible, and that Max might bo the man to do the work. 41 Old Goody will be glad to hear that her prophesy has come true, and that I was the one to lay the ghost," she thought to herself with a smile as she turned to leave the build ing, and then a remembrance of that past time, when her lover had stood beside her in the bright spring morning, when all the world had seemed full of bliss, brought tho tears to her eyes; and as she crossed Ml9 par°k she cried quietly but very bitterly as she thought of the hopeless gulf that now stretched between them. The children told legends most of the way to the station, and neither Mollie nor little Bride guessed her trouble; but Una knew alf about it in spite of the dim light, and she clung to her friend with that pathetic, loverlike de votion which amused and yet deeply touched Doreen. "She is thinking of Max Hereford," thought the child to herself. " There is very little I can do for her, but I will be to her what Siebel was to Margherita;" and all through the drive a phrase from Siebel's song rang in her ears— Io ti savo fedcP ainioo al cor. The nest day the separation took place. Una, in oharge of a homely and sensible German nurse, and with her violin master in attendance, was despatched to Bapallo until May ; and Doreen, feeling like anything bat a 11 strong-minded woman," took leave of the children and started for Ireland by the night maii. But her spirits rose when, after a night of woe on tho Irish Sea, she stepped on shore at Kingstown just as the day was breaking.. Many other things had failed her, but her dream of working for Ireland was to come true; and, indeed, before many hours had passed, she found herself established at a desk in the office of tho Land League in Upper Saekville streot, laboriously entering upon a sheet of white ruled foolscap certain entries under the following heads:— County. Parish. Landlord. Disburstr of Ornutt Observations. The observations came as a sort of bonne bouclte at the end, and were sometimes in teresting. They consisted chiefly of the amount of relief given to the tenants, the name of the person who could beat supply information, de tails of how to reach out- of-the-way places by rail, boat, and oar, and now and then a remark that such and such a tenant had been con sidered unworthy of relief, and that the case should be closely inquired into. After about a week of office work she was allowed, to her great delight, to travel into a remote part of Donegal, where they succeeded in supplying huts to Borne of the miserable people who had been evicted. She had never before witnessed anything like the deplorable condition of these poor fellow-country-rnon of hers, their indesonbable rags, their half-starved look. As far as she could make out, they lived principally in the hard times upon seawoed, Indian meal being aocounted a luxury for festivals. Surely help was urgently demanded for people in suoh extremity! Their patient endurance astonished her. Visiting one of the miserable cabins, from which the tenants were expooting shortly to be evicted, she saw that the bedclothes for a family of six children consisted only of a couple of old sacks. " How do they keep warm these bitter cold nights ?" she asked pityingly. " Och 1 thin, lady, ye see there's a dale o' warmth in children," said tho mother with a patient smile on her thin face. There might be ft "dale o' warmth," bat there was not much strength in the children, as Doreen speedily discovered. She had sang a bright, cheery song to them, to tho huge delight of all. " Now you sing to me," she said. " Let me hear you sing ' God save Ireland.' " And they tried obediently, but the poor little half-starved ohildren could not manage even one song, and Doreen went away with tears in her eyes, reflecting that even Jenny Lind on a diet of seaweed might chance to lose her voice. Still, bitterly as she felt the cruel sufferings of the people under the present system of land lordism, she could not always agree with all that was said at the various indignation meet ings got op by the Ladies' Land League, nor could they ever induce her to speak. " I have not come to talk," Bhe always replied, when urged to take part in denouncing the Government. " I have como to see and to help the people." And her practical help proved so prompt and satisfactory and careful that they wero obliged to take her at her word and bclievo that sho had no gift for public speaking. One evening, wh"n she was talking by tha fireside to Donal Moore's wife, while his little son sat on her knee making impre3Bfori3 on his plump arm with that same seal which she had played with at the time of her father's arrest, the door opened,.and one of the secre taries of the league entered. " Miss O'Ryan," she sail, when tho greetings were ovor, " I have come to ask if you will go down to the south with me this evening. I have just received news that Bome most harsh eviotions are to take plaoe to- morrow morning on Mr. Haman's estato, and the only ohanoe of preventing them is to go off at once by the 7.45. I think you can ba of good service. Will you oome with me ?" Doreen gave a ready oonsent, and it was arranged that she should meet the secretary at Kingsbridge in time for the train. Although she could not speak in public, Bhe was a very praotical and useful assistant, being well used to travelling, understanding the ways of the oountry, aud possessing that cheerful buoyancy of nature that tells so much in a campaign. " You look as pleased as though you had re ceived high promotion," said Mrs. Moore, when they were once more loft alone. " It is exactly what I like best," said Doreen, " and, coming at the end of several days of desk work, it is all the more delightful. One pay* for it afterwards, though, in the dreadful memories stamped on one's brain. There are soenes in Donegal that I can never forget a3 long as I live—the hopeless misery of the people, the way in which, for years and years, it has been made simply impossible for them to struggle on to better things. I don't wonder that there has been disorder and crime; the only marvel is that bo many havo been found to endure bravely. They couldn't have done it but for the unconquerable hope that one day thi3 horrible system of landlordism shall be abolished. Thoy ccnldn't havo struggled on with such desperate patience had it not been for their strong faith that there is a God who will, Bomehow, bring good out of all these oenturies of evil." As she spoke, she had been softlv caressing the little ohild's shining curls. Ho drew her hand down and preseed it to his lips with a pretty,*gracious little gesture. " Dear hand!" he said in a tono which mado them both smile. " That child is just like a lover to you," said Mrs. Moore. "Bridget dot a lover what walks on Sun days," said the littlo boy. " Have *oo dot a lover?" She shook her head. "I buy 'oo one on 'oo next birfday," he said generously. She laughed, and carried him off with her while she got ready for the train, and Mrs. Moore heard her singing to him as she packed ber bag— » Far he wandered, far he wanderod, But his spirit (oun:l no rest; For his thoughts were ever turning To the grcon Isle in the West. All his travels, all his travels, Over land and over sea, Made his heart more soft and tender To Ireland and to me. 