The Mod at Oban. [By Lord Archibald Campbell.] It would be a little difficult to say who was the originator of tho idea of an annual Mod to be held at Oban or elsewhere in the Highlands for the upkeep of the Gaelic language and its music and traditions. It is, perhaps, due to "the Celtic revival," the powerful wave beating against the whole Highland shore. Undoubtedly the man who first rearoused Celtic feeling was Campbell of Islay and various linguistic professors and scholars throughout Europe were quick to recognise his efforts and pursuits, which have been carried on by others of various nations with much enthusiasm, ever increasing our knowledge of the romances of our distant forefathers. Close to Oban were men such as tho Rev. James McDougall, the author of a fine volume of folk tales, and others, all deeply imbued with Celtic feeling, and at Oban itself the Rev. Duncan Maclnnes, tho author of a splendid volume of folk tales, lives. Though these gen- tlemen are too modest to lay claim to founding the association, their sympathetic presence doubtless did much in the early stages of the movement to make the whole a success, and to enable tho Rev. Dr. Alexander Stewart to set to work. In former days it may be noted that the clergy, one and all, discouraged the telling or recounting these folk-lore tales, but now that the true value of all these is acknowledged, they to their everlasting honour have been in the vanguard of collectors and chroniclers, gathering together the Bongs and tales of all kinds. It will be difficult here to name all who have rendered yeoman service in this connec tion, but among them was the late J. G. Campbell, of Tiree, and the late Hector MacLean, of Bally grant, Ialay, a playmate of the late Campbell of Islay. Mr. Alexander Carmichael, too, collects the ancient hymns throughout the islands, and who ia happily yet at work on thia queBt. These and others have all, so to say, if indirectly, assisted in building up the edifice of the Mod. It is at pre sent doubtful if Oban is to be the head- centre another year, or if it will be held at Inverness. The idea was that it should at first be held at Oban, and thence it should be transferred to other places, to the end that the talent throughout the Highlands should havo an opportunity of coming to the front, and in all probability this arrange ment will be found the best. It can at Bome future date return once more to the Oban centre. There was not wanting those who doubted if the movement would be a success, but all these doubts vanished when the time came. ? That it is an undoubted success ia abundantly apparent to those conversant with Highland affairs— it may even prove a great blessing to the Highlands. If you take train to Oban you will hear the songs dating back from centuries past, and hear the lullabies, the battle songs, the love songs, and the boating songs of the Gaelic nation. In 1891 a number of enthusiastic Celtic scholars and lovers of all things Celtic met at Oban, and drew up a scheme whereby the ancient tongue of the Gael should be preserved, and a yearly compe tition should take place duriDg the day in prose and verse, in recitations from writings of the ' ancients'' and in modern compositions, in ancient songs, and for the encouragement of modern songs. A con cert in the evening waa also inaugurated, which proved an immense success, crowds of people being turned away from the doors of the building in which this, the first meeting, was held. In the following year this "folk gathering" of the Gaelic Association— or Mod (pronounced like the English Christian name "Maud') was held on enlarged lines, and very able exponents of Gaelic recitation appeared on the platform and recited both in prose and verse. Mary McPherson, the famous Skye poetess, appeared on the scene, and sang her ancient songs to thunders of applause She also made a speech on this occasion, clothed from head to foot in tartan of her own making. The peasantry and students, candidates for the Church, and others, came forward, and the whole meeting was a complete and undoubted success. On both occasions the Inverary pipe band opened the proceedings, playing in admirable time. This pipe bond is composed of men on tho Duke of Argyll's estate, and is probably the only band in Scotland composed of working man who are able to go through the measure and the mazes of the reel at this moment of writing. They practice through out the year, in summer under the greenwood tree and in winter in a hall adapted for such purposes at Inverary. The names of the gentlemen who originated the Mod movement cannot all be given in this short notice. The chief mover was the Rev. Dr. Alexander Stewart better known under the "nom de guerre" of "Nether Lochaber," a name taken from the district in which he lives and moves and has his kindly being — a man much beloved by his flock, who lives near the memorable pass of Glencoe, and whose writings on natural history are read with avidity by a very large number of readers, Mr. John Campbell, solicitor, Oban, volunteered to act as secretary, and the Provst of Oban, Mr. John Mclssac, did all in his power to make the move ment a genuine success, and enlisted the sympathies of the people of Oban and the surrounding district. In 1892 the playing of the ancient Scottish harp, was revived. Three of these instruments were made by Messrs. J.' and R. Gleu, of Edinburgh, and its Btrains were heard for the first time since 1734. In the days of Quoen Mary, the Earl of Argyll took hia harper to battle with him to animate the troop3, and that appears to be the last recorded inatance of a harper taken to battle, though later on, in the 17th century, Harry M'Gra was attached to a High land troop. From that day the harp had been in disuse in the Higlanda, and though far from being a powerful instrument its study has again' been re vived, and a yearly prize is offered at the Mod to the best performer on this ancient instrument called by the Highlanders the ' Clarsach.' It is held on the knee, and is of the shape of Queen Mary's harp. The ancient instrument, with a little care and rearrangement in tho mode of stringing, can easily once again become one of tbe national instruments of Scotland. At the present moment it ia pro nounced ' crude,' but crude though it be it was delightful to aee its use revived. The success of tbe choir- singing ia entirely due to tho enthusiasm and devotion of Mr. Archibald Ferguson, who has had the honour of organising the powerful St. Columba Gaelic Choir. These ladies and gentlemen, who are occupied in various professional dutie3 and engagements in Glasgow, come every year to Oban, and there they render all those famous and pathetic airs that are the delight of enthusiastic audiences. They ieproduce the an cient melodious music peculiar to the Highlanders who used this sort of chaunt when going to a funeral — a subdued humming accompaniment resembling the sound of tho great war pipe of Scotland. In singing the various laments the leading voice or voices have this curious accompani ment, producing a most weird effect, and one wholly new to thoBe'who have not heard the Highlanders sing. The stirring war songs and love songs are all given, and the St. Columba Choir has now power ful rivals, jsalled into being from the very beauty, of their performance. Those who hoard the natives of Glencoe and Ballachulish and the two Oban choirs sinp last year are little likely to forgot the magnificent ' verve' and go of their performances, fresh ae breeze off the heather. It was the very embodi ment of all that was most full of ' go' and spirit. SongB fit to fire tho blood of the living and to raise up the ghosts of tho dead. For the third time tho present writer has beon nominated president of the typical assembly, an assembly where politi cal passions are not known, and embracing men of all creeds. It is the meeting ground of many sec tions of society all united in one common end, and that is the upkeep and retention of the ancient ways of the Highlanders, their beautiful traditions, and the wide and stirring music ot their land. The county gentry have again lent their hall for our assembly, and many of them are among the m03t eager of listeners and sympathisers. 