THE NOVELIST. THE HALSTONS. }iv K. MAK10N OHAWKOliO, AKTMOK OK "A IvOXlAN SlNUKK," " PlRTKO i Cu&trrKK; XIV. So one aiepi much during the early part of the night in the millionaire's home. Katharine lay long awake, prevented Irom steeping partly by the painful numbness in her lurndaged arm, and partly by the ever recurring picture of the day's doings which name Uck to her unceasingly in the still ness. Just as the picture was growing shadowy and dreamlike, some slight sound would break it and recall her to herself—a distant footfall on the stairs, the opening and shutting v»f a door near her own, or even the occasional roll of a belated carriage in the street. There was a soft light in the sick mans rvxnn. The white walls and hangings took up and distributed the whiteness, so that even the remotest corners were not dark. Kobert taudetdale lay in his l>ed, breathing softly, his eyes not unite closed, and his »K>ny hands lying like knotty twigs upon the white Shetland wool that covered his body. KVir they were like wood or stone, yellowish in colour, rough in shape, and yet oddly polished by time, assume old men's handsate. His snowy beard and hair, too, were almost sandy again, as they had been in youth, bv contrast with the delicate linen and the unow- whtte, sheeny material that was everywhere. He was not sleeping with his eyes open, as dying persons sometimes sleep a whole dav. Nor was his mind wandering. Doctor Kouth could see that well enough, as he sat there hour after hour, watching his old friend. The doctor wished that he tuight! realty fall asleep, and let his weary old heart j gather strength to live a little longer. Rut | even Kouth was giving up hope. The! machine was running oown ana toe game was played out. There was not one chance in a hundred that Kobert Lauderdale could live j another twelve hours. From time to rime the doctor gave him a little stimulant, but j the failing heart reacted less and less. Between three and four o'clock in the morning the oKi man turned his head, slowly on the pillow, and his sunken eyes met Koath's in a long look—the look which those who have watched hy the dying know i very welL | " Kouth." said the hoarse vox*, with J solemn slowness, " I'm going to give up the; ghost." j Still lee a few seconds the deep, mys terious. wondering look continued in the: hollow eyes. Then he turned his head slowly back to the original position. The j words struck the doctor as singular. He did not remember that he had ever heard a patient use just that phrase, though so many persons when near ttte pxat of death give warning or their end in some such ex pression. You're not going yec" the doctor answered. mechanicaHy, ami he held a glass to the oki man's lips. " I don't want any false hope. 1 know it's coming.." answered the dying man, speaking against the rim of the little tumbler. 1 Kouth stood up to his vast height. and j then his nervous, emulated frame bent like! a birch sap tag in a gale us he leaned over j the bed, and listened to the Sutter tag beats { of the heart that had almost done »»i work. i " Shall I <*U anybody r he asked. " Is | there aaythiugynu want done** j \- How keg da you think it will be?* asked Robert Lauderdale, trying to speak more rapidly. " Hah au hour, perhaps," answered South. la their voices there was that iudesctiRible tone with which the w«& of brave men are uttered in the Sane of death. Ko one who isas ever heard it can forget it " I'd like to say good-bye to Katharine." He paused and drew breath hearily. u Will it hart her !" he asked. pressuHy. " No." answered the doetor. seeing the kok of aariety which accompanied the ^aesrioo. A broken arm seemed a very slight matter to Kouth, compared with tern wish of his oH friend. He did not hesitate, hat touched the belt for Mrs. Deems, who appeared at the door. "He wishes to see HissLaaderdale," he whispered. "Yon mast h*h» her to wrap htttdf up, and bring her here." lbs. Deems nodded, and looked at the doctor with the grave dance of inquiry which means the one ^ueetwn, "Life or death* And Koath answered with the other gUnce. which means "Death." Mm. Deems nodded agafeu and left the room. Koath wturoed to thebedstda " When ahe oornce leave us alone— pleated said the «kk man. Tfeete was eiteu**temte l« a few minutes. Agtea the lids wvNfe hfcX tested a*d she old ^res stated eat beneath them into the soft whiteness, and feetetepA Bat the beted moved a httie bom rime to How, •* the lips ew fttsfe* was*v*»d rknew that the end was neat.-.:. Katharine came* urawn 'indh. l«e ' toolfed tomety «poa h» «htete*r nay throat colkrim, heeleft ' ffee,*he fete ef her wrapped] |n^#tek i Heath's faoe with the ghuvc* M Lite or death?* And Answer was "Death," if Mr*. Deems had fold he*. Her eyes said that ahe knew, and her faoe told that * • • the right «f puWUMftjr thlt work hw teea par. tented by the ywpelteow ef fte Atnhuluifau. she felt, Robert Lauderdale's great head' turned again, slowly and painfully, towards her. She l»ent down to him, and the doctor left the room, taking the nurse with him. lie did not quite close the door. He could j almost 11ear, beforehand, the low cry the | young girl would utter when the end came. Katharine bent low and laid her hand j sottl.v upon the old man's brow. " I'nole dear—you're not going," she said. aWA l'm going to give up the ghost," he said, i as he had said to Doctor Koutli. " No—no—" Rut she could not find any thing to say, so she smoothed his forehead. She had never seen any one <ne, but she I was not afraid. That is a matter of tempera ment, ami neither man nor woman should j l>e blamed who cannot bear to feel a soul j parting and see a laxly left behind. Katha rine felt only that she would keep him if she could. She knelt down and took one of his hands, his left. It was cold and hard to touch, with little warmth in it, like that ofa statue in a garden when the sun has gone down. ' *' 1 want to sty good-bye," said the hoarse j voice, just above a whisper. " ^ —Tm here," answered Katharine, and I there was silence again, while she gently caressed the cold hand. " Routh said half an hour.'' The mysterious, dying eyes wandered a j little, and then sought the white clock on j the mantelpiece. " Can't see—what time it is," said the I rough whisper. Twenty minutes to four." answered j Katharine, glancing round Quickly, and then looking again at his face. ' ^oor child—little girl—ought to be in I l»ed." The words came indistinctly, and the breathing grew more heavy. Then the lward moved with unspoken words, and Katharine watched, hearing nothing. She had been a hwle confused at first, but now she recollected that she should ask if there were anything she could do. She could not tell whence the recollec tion came. She had perhaps got it from a wok read long ago. He might want some thing. He might die unsatisfied, she made anxious haste to ask the question. " Is there anything i can do! Any one I else you want uncle *' she inquired, speak ing close to his ear. The breathing, almost stertorous now, I wased for an instant- He seemed to be] trying to collect strength to say something. " lour father—tell him from me—hear noI uaahee—" He could get no further. "kes—yes—don't think about it—don't | distress yourself," said Katharine, quickly * III tell him." *1 Again the heavy breathingblew Hie stiff white hairs of his beard and moustache, as h» chin, raised in the effort of speaking, fell to hss breast again. The breath the coarse white and sandy hairs and blew them to nght and left The eyelids drooped. Katharine wondered whether old men always died Kke *>»* Then the thought that be was really dyir* pur un its reality ior the first time, and struck her 1 snhienty in the heart, and the | struck tack instantly into her helpless, ban-f caged arm. . asked the dying man, sud ceftv*. in a louder vowe and quite deariy. ^.Vgaln. iu the effort, his chin rose and felL There was something awful in the question, ®®hed with the strength of the death strmfia Then came more words, iadtsttnet and. broken. j **I shall be—a little beg- sgsia." ■yrh | Katharine understood of what she heard. Her teats gathered. Some of them feB "** yellow, branch-like fe-sn-L Then ithe bent close to hes ear again. " There is God." she said. "God will take yew. dear—He is taking you now. Thinkof Him. low're dyine." Her tears broke her vokv. as raindrops hteak the sghiag of the breeaeinsu^^ Sh* wept, thongh she would not. and her cafe "T **1 And h» heavy breath filledher till it seemed to roar like a furnace—the fhwaeecffiie burning jtseU out, where all •« **iB and white. She said prayers that to>k meaumg is her heart and lost it as they the great doubt en threshold of her s^>aL She did not know; what she said. It was not much, nor ekxj 1 believe -God—* Thee a great sigh bh the white hairs to right arrd left. The breathing grew more slow, long harder, a great breathing of sighs. Dea had life by the throat. In awe. the g looked into the ancient face, and the streu of tears trickled and ran dry. Once mote t voice burst out. articulate hut ratthag. " Do-i*U!—{W—iwfer The great head was raised, and themj terious eyes were wide, paring at her, wairis upon the answer, waiting to din. Shu i meeabeced rite answer. " Tatiit md rwfr*." He heard it and died. Katharine had never seen death, but d knew him, is we afi know hriu. Twit thrice, the broad chest heaved under the sal feathery woollen, and the after- breath of tl storm quivered, in the frost of hte beard. £i the girt knew he wus deud. Then came h low, trembling cry, the echo of death** wot tram bring heartstrings. It wasnot a great aanov. though Kalh riito hnlbeeu very tond of the old mm at was very grateful tohN,*s welt she wig! be. She arm, perhaps, mcktaely attached him as hi possible in shush a relationship b tween the very young and the very obt & although her tears flowed pfontititKy, ft w not one of those deepgripped wntnghen ll> tw»* the heart saflltnYe-i* shapeless m braised for a rime -or forever. Hearts, to are less often broken br tbose whogo fta by those who stay with us. The young gtri grief was aineete. and Ami her, but it wi not profound. They led her away, and wht the door of her own room dosed bchk her, the tears were already drying on her cheeks. Death brings confusion and leaves it in his path. Many hours passed before there was quiet In the great house, but Katharine slept, exhausted at last by all she had endured that day, beyond the possibility of being kept awake by mere l>odily pain. Late in the morning her mother came to her bedside. Katharine had been awake a quarter of an hoaty&nd; had beendtesitating as to whether she should ring or not. Her arm hurt her, and the hand that had been so white was pnrple against the tight white bandages. She longed to tear them off and have rest, if only for a moment. " Poor Uncle Robert !" said Mrs. Lauder dale, seating herself, after kissing the young girl's forehead. She was a little pale with natural excite ment, and she was certainly not looking her beat in a black frock which was far from new, but which had to do duty until she could have mourning made. Katharine said nothing in answer, but nodded her head on the pillow. She wondered whether her mother knew that she had broken her arm. But in this she did her an injustice. " Was your wrist much hurt !" asked Mrs. Lauderdale, almost immediately. Then she caught sight of the splints and bandages and the purple fingers, as Katha rine lifted the coverlet a little. Instantly her face changed. " Heavens, child ! What have you done to yourself V she cried, springing to her feet and bending over to look. " Papa broke my arm," answered Katha rine, quietly. | " Your father—broke your arm !" Mrs. I Lauderdale spoke with the utmost astonish ment, mingled with unbelief. " Why, yes. Didn't you know? It was last night—that—all the confusion and trouble have killed poor Uncle Robert. Didn't papa tell you anything T Katharine stared at her mother. " He came home and said he had hurt his mouth. I could not get him to say what had i happened to him. To tell the truth, 1 was rather worried. It's so unlike him to hurt i himself, or have any accident. He said it [was a ridiculous affair, and that he didn't ! choose to be laughed at, and begged me to say nothing more about it. You know how he b. But he never mentioned you."ft Katharine said nothing tor a tew moments. She wondered how wise it might turn to be to tell her mother all that had happened. Bat rite instinct of child to mother overcame hesitation. Her mother had began to take her part again, and the broken wniadur was being restored by bits and pieces as it were. "Three was a terrible scene yesterday afternoon—late," said Katharine. " He came here, and Jack was with me in the library." "Jack! Oh, Katharine! I wish you wouldn't see him in this way ** ' " It's no nse wishing, mother;'' answered ; the young giri. "1 made up my mind long ago. Well, Jack was with me in the library, [when Leek came in and said that papa was here. 1 saw htm in the drawing-room so that they shouldn't meet. I terser all he said. The nsnal thing, about being disobedient and undo trial. He was awtoily angry because 1 got oat yesterday morning. So I just went over one or two of tike things be had done to hurt me. By the by—1 ought to say, that just before he came Jack had been telling me that some one had bees to Mr. Bemaa, and had aid that Jack drank, and was dissipated, and was altogether rather a good faraotkmg. Arid Mr. Bern an hariaeea Jack the next day, doing nothing, because he had nothing to do just then, and with his he*i m his hand. 8a Mr. Bemaa took it into his foolish old head that Jack had beec drinking, and told ten to go at the end of the month. : Now 1 karw it must be papa who had ^okes, so I accused him ot rt, and he admitted that it was true; tad began abuang Jack hke a pirhpochet. at the top of his hmgs. Jack heard what he said, tor the dour was open, ate idou\blame him tor coming in. They I thre sh re d each other, and got so angry, ami 1 though* they'd kffl eadk ochre no Me a stfoidtetaslwag, I threw my arms rami [dadfh neck as though I meant to geared hum. Cheat as much bigger, y* know. | Weil, he papa. l aem-lQU has head sad [got mehy theasm, He's horrihhr strong. I He gat me by the right ■» a fiitle above the: | writt, aad ttoi-urme teff across the room, [ aad whenltriedto help myseh up—> " Do you mesa to say that he threw you ' down!" cried XtK Las-rre-iaie, really faom fied. s "Yes—of course! With all his w»if*rf kmif [across the room, so that I rolled oa the tome. WeB, wheultried to get up, my arm was ;brokem,aed Jack was wwstiing with ptpa^ I jotetet[tefe sereamtog what I fefi, amd that rn atari the house, elks the srevuatStWte Robert, to chase insect wtoe vebcek cstothes he wears—toot you famr! Jack held vhat ted happened, aad €Fude Bobett was toriaus and urirevd papa to Sea** 'ite'honor"' he swore awntliy—I ' hteauasocy. So pupa went But it was; riig rug^l suppose, and toe exmwu—toey aaedugaBthedearobimani strength " She tonppr f speakmg suddenly u her teoadbte mte buck to the dead snm^amiJ hretj^toitou changed. Hre eyes oBtrd very slowly.mitti hBiWi,, that would act gmhm ouec, h|{te^||g(MMed her sghs. When «&*' tnretehtohete again, she caw ttet her • mni^l'lg^ljaiiiwi her tare m herhuMh.^pou; tog:V' the led. Katharine dad - mu t umfetttite:''': A eonvulsive sob shook toe and to* gofeiret bait '"Xotihee. dear—doot cry so" mmf: prntWia^ pttnut «t «a tead ami* the tow head with a caress. " I: trey toed g ham—re: Xts. Laskehhhtbi up sudden^ with1 streaming eyes and a face drawn in pain. I She shook her head slowly. "It'tnot that, child—it's not that! It's the other " "About me, dearest?" asked Katharine. " Don't cry about me. I'm all right. It hurts a little now, but it will soon be over." " No—child—yon—you don't understand I" answered Mrs. Lauderdale, with trembling lips. A passionate buret of weeping hindered her from saying more. Katharine tried to Bootbe her with voice and hand, but it was of no use. Then she just let her hand rest there, touching her mother's cheek, and lay Quite still, waiting till the storm should pass. It lasted long, tor in the midst of her sorrow and indignation there was the acute con sciousness of the part she herself had borne in all that had happened. " It's my fault, it's all my fault I" she sobbed, at last "No, mother—why? I don't understand! Try and tell me what you mean." Little by little the sobs subsided, and Mis. ' Lauderdale dried her eyes. Katharine really did not at all understand what was raking place. She thought her mother must be! hysterical. Dark women rarely understand! the moods of fair ones. "You don't know how dreadful it seemB' to me," said Mrs. Lauderdale, as she grew calmer. " It seeems—somehow —awful! There's no other word. Your father treat- j ing you in such a way—and fighting with Jack! But it isn't only that—it's deeper. Fve done very wrong myself. I've been very bad—much worse than you know " "Yon, bad? Oh, mother! You're losing your head! Don't say such absurd things. You—well, you did go against Jack and me rather suddenly last winter, and 1 couldn't quite forgive you at the time. But it's going to be all right now." Mis. Lauderdale's face grew pale again. For a few moments she said nothing, and once or twice she bit her lip. " I'm going to tell yon what it was," Bhe said, with a sudden impulse—unwise, perhaps, but generous and even noble in its way. " I envied you, dear. That's why I behaved as I did." "Envied me? Envied—me?" Katharine repeated the words slowly and with a won dering emphasis. "Why? What for?" Mrs. Lauderdale stared at her a moment in surprise at not being understood imme diately. "What for?" she repeated. "Foryour beauty—because rou're young. Don't yon know bow t>eautifu! yon are?" Katharine stated in her turn, in genuine astonishment. The idea that her mother could envy her had never crossed her mind. " Yes—but—" she hesitated, and rite rich young Mood rose slowly under her withe ; skin.~ "I know—at least—" she stammered, i " people sometimes tell me I am good-look '• ing. of course. But—but the idea—of your ; envying—me! Why—it never occurred to ( " it's true," said Mis. Lauderdale, looking ; down and pulling at the lace on rim fallow, i with a regretful smile. ! " Oh. I don't believe it," cried Katharine, ! suddenly. " It's impossible—you may have thought you did, once " i " No, it's true," answered Mrs. Lauderdale, ' and the smile faded and was lost in the coo - : trite expression which came into her face. She had made her confession and wished to go to the end of it. She was erring to make a reparation, being a good woman, and she foan-i tt hard, especially as her daughter did doc half understand what she meant. . ** I'm losing my beauty, Katharine," she I said, and every won! ot the acknowledgment i cut her. " It's mist day by day, little by t Utile. You don't know—it's as tboogb my | fife-biood were being drained—it's raw— [ sometimes. Fd rather die than grow old | and faded. You see, it's all I had. I know [ now how much I've cared for it—now that its so hopeless to try and get it back. And [one evening last winter—Crowdie was there. [—he kept looking at yoa while I was talking I to him. and then I caught eight of my face 1 [m the little glass that hangs from the \ mantel- shelf. I shan't forget how I looked, j II knew then." ~ ~ : [ Her face gtew"snldeely weary mad baH-: desperate now, she told the hole Stacy of the hardest moment in her fife. [ fastened in wondering lafencr. knowing that the was learning one of the secrete of the huama heart. Mrs. Landesdale moment, and shivered a firth pi iha|>i nlil ] the hast after-sob of her ceaivkra iup I "Yes—I knew then," , [ law voice and stiii looking down. "I knew [ how much it had aS meant. And I began te hnte you. Dunk he henXed, child. I ! loved yea jwst as orach, bat I hated yvm, tsa t How fanny that sounds! Bus I cant say* I any other way. It .wasn't yen I hated—at | last it wasn't the man you tent I lowed. It I waa your tace. miynr ' (youth—ani that waBruf yonts. I washed' [ you tsheiB coveted up, an that m could see you then I should have loved you | jaat as nak and in jute the same way as lever. Do you ladiimi!? I want you to \ understand. Yon mate, or I ahull never i be a happy ■ nam again. What I wfuul! i So I aade yon cadet; tan. Do you know [what I III i i |J 11 You mate know « thing nam. 1 thought titer 51 amid y^agcoufciat many 1 *hea» tb> —a t ^. !*"* tng an ^ ^11 She boned her hand agust and ksi her i the ~ uitSnt^ afti al rar mr. What dues it! matter? ' Yemdanft hotel J%Ktefa "fte inut I didnk think or nyseit. Oh, the vde. «uutuue? And whte they've ami me duf And thqrke growmg dtepi-*n |W«Uh me—ptrme, deac, if yon omk famive me— " ufk 6*r iter* Inevurgneeu—. fe. aad now—why; I atwa newer thank of it! andftes E daresay I shall fad Shut an joufwe'' felt. It seems so natural, somehow—nr.*. that you've explained it." now—now ""Does it? Does it seem natural tn>nn< Areyou sure you understand?" Mm uni? dale looked up anxiouBly. Dander ir„J?f ■ couree 1 understand!" answer Katharine, reassuring her. " You've «lm« been the most beautiful woman evervwiT«y8 and just for a little while you tSht v werent, because you were tired «5!S looking well Yonrememterhow SSd vn? used to be last winter, mother, when *n« were working so hard and then danri£ wonder! Bat you are, yon know*w° quite the most beautiful creature I ever aa^ and you always will lie." ersaw, Yet Katharine in her heart, though ah* was comforting her mother and really heln ing her with every word she said, was hiT»£ means sure that she quite understood it *n At least it was very strange to he™Sg alm gether foreign to herown nature. With ■» ic faults, her father had scared^ U? sonal vanity, and she had inherited muchof her character from him. The absence nf avarice, as a mainspring which directed h?a life, and the presence of a certain delicacy of human feeling, together with agood sha% of her mother a wit, were the chief caagea nr tS wide difference between lierlt^K^ It was hard for one so very proud and ^ little vain to understand bow, inher mothif witty could so easily have dti^n nride o^' Yet she did her best to ittugineberself in ^ like position, and was quitewilling to be 8 e m,K k*** acted In the same " Thank yon dear child," said Mrs. Lauder dale, simply. "I don't know why I've told you all thiB just this morning. I've been trying to for a long time. But I hadn't the courage, I suppose. And now—somehow we re more alone in the world than we wer» since the dear old nncle has gone-and we snail be more to each other. I feel it. r don t know whether you do." "Yes—I do." And Katharine's thoughts again went back to that strange death- scene in the night, in the white room with the soft warm light "We shall miss him more,T. and.by. He {was a very live man. Do you know what I mean ? Whatever one did, one always felt that he was there. It wwn't because he was so neb-though, ot course we all have had the sensation of a great power behind us—a sort of overwhelming serve against fate, don't you know? But it really wasn't that He was such a man' Ooyou know? lean's fancy that Uncle Robert ever did a bad thing In his life. I dont mean starchy, stodgy goodness. He swore at papa most tremendously yesterday only yesterday—just think!" she paused a moment sadly. "No," She continued, "I don t mean that. He always seemed to go atta^ht when every one else went crooked— Straight to the end, as well as he could. Oh, mother—laaw him die, you know! I didn't know deaih vu like that !" must have been dreadful for you, poor fTf" bwked an grand, lying (here amidst the whiter velvet! lueertttow, but I didnt then—the pictute comes . "Yes-l-ve aeenhhn," said lln. Laoder dafe softly. " His f^mbewutiWriow.'' hcmrtiM thm-ivwA same ItoeAe—I dont know. 1 fat that the "L?* ,wodd washappening— tews all some <my. I didnt feel that he wws dying exactlr —nor drat 1 should never hear h£n speak again after those last words.*' ^ 7* 8¥rr. Mra- Lauder dare- r»o, she added, contradicting herself quickly. "Ifit's anything like a secret, I don t want to know." "It wasn't. Helookedat me very strange! r Md thenbe said, quite load, ' Damime w Will If ; r whither poest Thou," sail Mrs. DawJerthale. translating the familiar words to KWL Did JOB 6&J;" tltjthiny r iwrad, 1 Temdit ad adrmS We hz>i both said the same things once before, some nmeago. He heard me, and then be died— that wwalL t&P;<&^2LflBe knocfad xi the aeQfc. I*11, Lauderdale rose and went to see who was thete. Leek, the butler, cUd in aeepmaumiag already, stood outmie. There ww a pawled took in his fwee. , Myow pfcaseyMrs. Lauderdale, I doc> wbaa to do, and F4 with for your —what is it?" teste dn«a«i»}rt madam. pmlk^euf Miss Lauderdale that hejuoughtyesterday iorpoor Mr. Laaderda:e. and desinn b> remove it But the amn oawwtam aeeum to be thssMc. Crowih? pssmed it m poor Me. LMtettele yesterday, "Oh! Weil—wait a mmate rJtmv Hi rey dasghter if tee knows aaytaa^r Mrs. Laatexteie reentered the i "1 heard what he was ttriK* *** Katharine, h hu her m ether eanM spea£. "fc tewdk mad he gm the pom is tetellahiL' luw ilin ufa n hthop: it. tektetjsUl' thus rnin'iiy, m get wtedthry raw whtu hea iardly dead?" ft cue. ficVpwil to H«aen is Mrs. Landertele went to the tear agate. "Let Mr. (hwtelan his yatwr, tek TBbe i "Very «poi 