[NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] SHORT TALES BY RENOWNED WRITERS. A DELICATE CASE. BY JOHN IIABBERTON, Author of " Helen's Babies," Ac. (Copyright.) Phil 'Prewitt, New York, merchant, went one morning to his office in the Produce Exchange in a very comfortable frame of mind and body. He was not yet 66, his health was superb, he had plenty of friends, a good bank account, a pleasant home, and he was on the right side of the grain market, which had been unusually brisk for some months. Yet no sooner had he asserted his mail, and opened one particular letter which he seemed to expect, than he began to look grave, and then to frown. He run through the letter hastily, re-read it slowly, his face lengthening all the while; then he closed the door of his private office, stretched himself in his chair, looked through his window at the sky, and began muttering to himself. " Like father, like son ! It never occurred to me when I fell desperately in love at twenty one that my son would follow in my footsteps, j I made a runaway match ; what if he should follow me in that particular too 1 Mine turned out well, as long as the dear girl lived. Suppose, though, that my boy's shouldn't. Lightning doesn't always strike twice in the same place; neither does the lack of a boy who thinks he has found the only woman in the world. I'd had one love affair before; Phil, junior, hasn't ; so he hasn't any experience to guide him. I supposed he would be entirely safe when I let him go down to Old Point with a the Merry- ; quiet folks, quiet place-and during Lent, too. I might have known better, though, if I'd thought carefully Big hotel big military post within ten minutes' walk-a score or two of young officers. I might have known that any number of romantic girls would tease their parents to take them down ' there-of course, to mitigate the rigours of a Northern spring, as well as of Lent !" 'Prewitt wrinkled his brow a moment or two, and then smothered it as he continued : "After all, the boy won't be likely to get anything but a heartache. He certainly won't get the girl. No youngster who is a civilian stands a ghost of a show beside a lot of uniforms. A single brass button or a bit of military braid will outweigh the finest wardrobe that a young man can display himself in. On the other hand, I don't want my boy to get a heartache- it's a complaint that gave me a great deal of suffering when I was of Phil's age, and it might have done me a greatest of harm if I hadn't suddenly found myself in love with another woman after the manner of the youthful Romeo in the part of the play that is never put upon the stage. Pshaw! I'm making a fool of myself, I suppose ; still, when a man has only one son, and is wrapped up in the dear camp- But let me see once more what he says." He took the letter from his pocket and looked through it, occasionally reading expressions aloud ; " honest woman I ever met" sure you would like her noble face"-" seems to understand me perfectly her mother is a charming old lady" I write you so fully because I've always promised you that I would never think myself in love without telling you" -" feel as if I ought to secure her before some other man has sense enough to see hot' incomparable worth." Then Trawitt dropped the letter, rose abruptly from his chair, and exclaimed : " I shall have to hurry down there and look after Master Phil, if I don't want him to make a fool of himself. I don't wonder that any woman should like him, bless him, for he's more manly than most fellows ten years older, and he has all his mother's sweetness besides. But I intend to know something about any woman who enchants him. I can't well spare the time, but I can't at all spare the boy." Trewin took an owning train, and was aroused next morning by the morning gun saluting the colours that broke from the flag staff at Port Monroe. A few minutes later he was enjoying an early breakfast, having first learned at the hotel office that his son did not come down until a late hour. Within an hour he had met several old acquaintances, as city men are sure to do wherever they go. When finally, Master Phil lounged down, and sauntered to the door for a boutonnière, he was astonished to see his own father in the centre of a group of ladies and gentleman. An old fashioned greeting followed, but the young man quickly made an excuse to drag his father out to beach, and no sooner were they well apart from everyone else than he exclaimed : "Father I Isn't she simply perfect?" "She?" echoed the father ; " whom do you mean ?" " Moan ? Why, the only young woman in the party you were with. Who introduced you ?" Trowitt stopped abruptly and asked : Who are you talking of, Phil?" " Of Marian, of course Miss Baybright, I mean. You were talking with her when I first recognised you, and it made me very happy ; you were looking so appreciative. Did you ever see a finer face, handsomer eyes, such a glorious head of hair? Oh, father, she's simply angelic divine !" Trowilt's head fell as he resumed the walk, and asked : Is that the young woman of whom you wrote me ?" To be sure she is; whom else could I mean ? What's the matter, father ? Do you think-" Phil did not seem to know how to conclude his question, so there was silence for a moment. She is, indeed, a glorious woman, my boy ; I am glad that you have the discernment to admire her. But-why, you silly follow, she's old enough to be your mother." " Oh, father I" replied the youth, in a tone resembling a groan. " I suppose she is a little older than I, but you know I never did admire very young girls. She's not much older, though. Why, every young follow bore is head over oars in love with her, though she gives none of them any encouragement. As to the officers at the fort, they simply form hollow square around her whenever she appears, and they ought to be good judges of girls they see hundreds and thousands every season. They desert all the others for Marian, though. She is so sensible, so sympathetic, HO radiant." " Oh, Phil I Phil I" 'Twas now the father's turn to groan. " She appears worth hundred young girls ; but, really my boy, you musn't allow yourself to think of her as anything more than a friend. I should be glad for you to like each other always ; a woman like that is the best friend that any young man could possibly have but if you were to talk love to her, you would only offend her, and make yourself very unhappy." " Merely because she and two or three years older than I ?" said the young man, with an unbecoming post. Because she is many years your senior," said the father. "The very qualities which attract you are the results of the thought and experience of years more years than you seem able to imagine." "There's no sign of ago about her face or figure," Phil declared. " You are right to that extent, and I hope she will keep her fresh and cheerful look for many years to come ; but my dear boy, you must admit that my knowledge of such matters is larger than yours." Phil seemed inclined to doubt this statement. He put on a sullen face, and kicked savagely at every pebble large enough to attract his attention. His father continued : "Don't, I beg, make a tool of yourself merely because a mature woman has the dis- cernment and kindliness to be pleasant to you. All women who amount to anything are fond of very young men who are decent, mannerly, and clover." "Butt father," pleaded Phil, "sho seems specially fond of me. As I've told you, all the other fellows including the handsome bachelor officers at the Fortune wild about her but she will excuse herself to any of those for tho sake of strolling or sailing with me." " Can it be possible?" murmured the father, looking as earnestly at the Bands as if he were searching them for a reason for this preference. " Indeed it is. I never talk any nonsense to her but she takes an interest in whatever interests me. Why, she has drawn me out about all I have studied at school-what pictures I've seen, the music I have heard, and the books I've road. Of course, I've talked a great deal about you, dear old man. Other girls never seem to care to hear anything about a fellow's father, but she listens patiently. Isn't this a sign that she cares a great deal for me? If not, what does it mean ?" " It means, I suppose," said Trowitt, after pondering a moment, " merely that she isn't a flighty young thing. My dear boy, what you have told me should have shown you, if you had any judgment regarding human nature, that she is a mature woman, instead of a maiden young enough for you to think of falling in love with. It doesn't mean, in the least, that she is likely to fall in love with you. You should study woman's nature a long time, my boy, if you don't wish to be terribly disappointed by mistaking ona sentiment for another. You should have very good reasons before you imagine a woman can love you. You must give me better reasons than any I've yet heard before I can imagine that Miss Baybright can think of you as anything more than an interesting boy. You must analyse your own feelings, too ; don't imagine because I married at twenty-one and was happy as long as your dear mother lived that heaven will be equally merciful to you in your ignorance. Beside, I had gone through a heartbreak before I finally succeeded. 'Twas entirely my own fault; the girl was not in the least to blame; but it set me to thinking seriously about love and making myself less selfish and more manly. Of course, you admire Miss Baybright very much, as everyone does, so you tell me ; but love-the real, article must be a plant of slow growth if there is to be any health and strength to it. As to the possibility of Miss Ray bright loving you, there isn't any. The idea is simply preposterous" "Is it?" said Phil, defiantly, and turning flashing eyes upon his father. Suddenly, though he turned his face toward the water, and said, very softly and hesitatingly : " You said you wanted better reasons than any I gave you. Well, she she has squeezed my hand very tenderly two or three times, while I was saying good-night. What do you say to that ?" Again Trovvitt was slow in answering, but at last he said "A good woman's interest in a good boy-? nothing more, Phil ; I'd stake my life on it." "Boy!" ejaculated Phil, so vigorously, that two or three youngsters who were playing in the sand dropped their shovels and looked up to see who was addressing them. The father gently replied : " Yes, boy's her. You're the manifest follow of your ago that I over know, and to some girls you'd 'appear as old as the hills ; but not to her. Time has given far too much advantage over you." " Father, you are real cruel and ungallant to keep harping on Marion's ago. One would think, to hear you talk, that years were disgraceful in woman." "On the contrary. I've always found that the older a good woman grows, the sweeter she becomes. But in this case, really my boy, you must take my word, instead of your own impressions. Suppose that I were to prove to you, by some of her family friends who are here, that she is-say, fifteen years older than you." " Well," was the dogged reply. " We Trovvitts are a very long-lived race, you know, so probably I should outlive her. You've always boasted that your father was younger at 80 than most men at 50." " You're a persistent scamp," the father replied. "Let's drop the subject for the present. Go on admiring Miss Raybright-admire her with all your might ; it will do you a great deal of good. Teach yourself, though, to respect her too much to lessen her respect for you by talking love. I shouldn't like my son to lose the friendship of a woman like that. I'm not afraid in the least of her falling in love with you to prove it, I'll take you, her, and her mother out driving or sailing every day I can remain here ; I'll throw you together alf I can You needn't be ashamed to talk and not as you feel before me." 'Prewitt returned to the hotel and rejoined some of his acquaintances, new and old, while Phil, junior, continued to pace the beach, inflicting upon the delicious and unoffending air of early April a countenance clouded with gloom and cigarette smoke. Never before had he found his father unreasonable. Of course his father was unreasonable, for wasn't Marion so handsome that all the pretty women at the hotel adored her, as they wouldn't wore she so much older than they Fifteen years his senior ? Ridiculous ! But even if she were, was not beauty eternal when it was full of soul ? He strode to and fro, apparently wanting no company but his own thoughts. Finally he entered the fort, by way of the water battery, for he had heard that there was a cannon there -gun forty which had a romantic history. It was a legend of Old Point that if a follow asked a lady to walk with him to gun forty it was equivalent to a proposal. He reached the gun, loaded gloomily against the carriage, and wondered why so many men, some of them worthless, probably, had been made happy while he was compelled to endure all the discomforts of a wet blanket thrown upon his heart and by his own father, too 1 Years hence, when he would be approaching 45, he would remember this day and be more sympathetic, should a son of his be in the condition in which he, Phil, now found himself. The approach of other visitors roused him from his reverie. He strolled into and through the fort, along the south walk of the parade, where, to his astonishment and somewhat to his indignation, he encountered his father and Miss Ruybright looking at some trophies of war, and chatting as merrily as if between them they were not making misery for a very tender heart. As if to make his indignation more pervasive, Phil, when recognised by his father, was addressed as " Bub," and ordered to join the couple and make himself agreeable. Miss Ray bright did not seem the least embarrassed by the meeting, as Phil felt she ought, and when 'Drewitt, who had a little knowledge about almost everything in nature, broke the tip of a twig from one of the old live oaks on the parade, and showed Miss Ray- bright, from the conformation of the leaves how Port Monroe was the northern limit of that species of the genus queens, and the lady listened with an expression of great interest as she slowly broke leaf after leaf from the atom, it seemed to Phil that 'twas a heart better than a heart of oak that was being cast under foot. [TO BE CONCLUDed) ON THURSDAY.] Dr. William Moon, inventor of the well known system of printing for the blind, died suddenly at Brighton on the 11th October, aged 75. In 1840, at the age of 21, Dr. Moon, then studying for the Church, became blind, and at once commenced his life-work by gratuitously teaching a class of blind at his house. His experience led to the invention of his system, and, during his latter years especially, hundreds of thousands of books in the Moon embossed type have been sent out by a charitable trust, under cost price. The system has been used in 470 languages and dialects, and. is considered especially suitable for those who become blind in middle and advanced years. Dr. Moon was a member of the Committee of the Normal School for the Blind. 