THE 8T0RYTELLER. A GHOST STORY. It is not with any intention of adding to .he already over-long catalogue of so-called " Ghost Stories," still Jess of attempting to illustrate or to refute some new psychological theory, that the singular experience •vhieh I am about to describe is here set forth. My sole object is to clear myself of an altogether unfounded suspicion, rumorB of which have begun, after a lapse of many months, tp reach my ears, by giving to lhe world the details of what is, perhaps, the most extraordinary episode in the whole coarse of legal history. The once famous " Willoughby Case," celebrated as being one of the most protracted Chancery suits on record, and its 6udden and dramatic termination consequent upon the discovery, by one of the counsel engaged, of certain missiog documents )f title, must still be fresh in tho public memory; and the references which I shali have to nuke to that case, changing only ?he names of such persons and pieces as night be pushed, by their introduction, into an unwelcome notoriety, wii) therefore be of the slightest nature consistent with .he evolution of my story. Suffice it to lay that I, Frederick Marsden, was the young barrister who found the missing documents, concealed in my own chambers, that the claimant, Miss Willoughby, whose success depended upon the discovery of the deeds, has since become my wife, and that the vague, unreasonable suspicion of! wme fraud on my part in connection with the affair has determined me to make known what I would have greatly preferred t<> . keep secret, the singular, the almrss incredible, circumstances under which I madn the discovery. It was in the autumn of 18—that, be.injj -on the look cut for residental chambers, I foand a set vacant at No. 5 Traffird's-inn, near Holburn. The ro'.ms appeared likely to suit me, and I accordingly took them and entered upon my tenancy with the New Year. I had hitherto lived in lodgings; but lately I had begun to build ip a satisfactory little practice, and I .hought that my increasing income would justify an establishment of my own. TrafFord's inn consists of a small, stonepaved square, &nd; upon this square my rooms, or rather my sitting-room, looked from the commanding altitude of the third floor. The place waB quiet; almost too quiet, the silence at night being positively oppressive. All the buildings were very ild, the rooms low-pitched and oak-panelled, rhe floors sagged, the cei'ing bulged downwards. My chambers had co striking peculiarity, except, perhaps, the fact that they had been vacant for a good many years, and that there was, in consequence, a somewhat musty atmosphere in the gaunt bare rooms, and in the great cupboards and capacious chests with which the place abounded. This, however, was soon got rid of by euch simple expedients as open windows and a little fresh paint; and, when I had had the place properly furnished with pictures, chairs, and tables, all old-fashioned and appropriate, it looked, at least, in the eyes of its new possessor, very comfortable indeed. Once fairly settled, I bad quite enough work to occupy my time. My practice, as I have said, was a growing one; and, among other cases, I was retained in one of the many minor suits, arising out of th° famous dispute, which had been pending for years, about the title to the Willoughby estates. , The case was now supposed 11 be nearing its close, which—it seemed almost certain—would prove unfavorable to the claimant, a young girl just out ct her minority. Her case rested entirely upon certain title deeds which had been abstracted, according to the argument put forward on her behalf by a solicitor'6 clerk, suborned by the opposing side. This bad occurred many years ago, but the suit had still dragged its way long, and, no trace having been discovered either of the clerk or of thdocuments, the whole story had come to be regarded as a fabrication. So muc>i so, indeed, that the prosecution of Miss Willoughby was regarded as being likely to follow an adverse decision. Work in connection with this and my other briefs kepi me pretty busy during the day; a'.d my evenings I usually spent at my club, returning to chambers almost invariably—for I am a very methodical man—at the stroke of 12, and going straight to bed. I mention this because the element of tine is an important factor in the ensuing part of my story. It will be remembered (hat there were several he&vj; falls of enow daring the spring of 18—. In the street outside the enow lay on the ground for weeks ; but our small square was swept after every fall, and no snow was allowed to remain there, except what fell between dusk and an early hour in the morning. This, also, it is important to bnar in mind. Oae night in February there occurred the first of the mysterious even's which hive led mo to the writing c f this narrative. I had entered the inn as usua;, a few minutes before midnight, and had erased the square which was lightly carpeted vuih snow, noticing, as I did si, that miue were the first footprints to disturb the unbroken surface. The night was then perfrc'lv clsar and Hue. I climbed my three pairs of stairs, and on entering my sitting-room, talked across to the window and looked ou\ My eyo was ab once caught by a daik ohj ct lying in the snowMmmediately beneath me, and a mora careful examination showed ihnt it was the fi^rra of a man. Now, I c ul ) have sworn two minutes before there was nothing tlirre, and, in addition to that he', there was this extraordinary ciicumstaiice, enough in itself to impress tne with a queer urcmny sensation. In spite of the h ight from which I was looking, I ciuld distinctly eoe every feature of the man's face ; and never has it been my lot to witness a more horrible expression of mingh-d pain, terror, and malignant triumph. The eyes were wide and staring, and caught a steely bluegVe from the light of the moon. The head was twisted backwards, and La'f roai^d from Iho body, which lay on its Ei<le, with one arm bent in underneath it. And Ibera were dark splashes upnn the eno^, as if o? blood, where the bod? mu-t have struck tho stones. AH this I took in at a glancti and, as I have said, with a quite unnatural clearness of vision. Then I turned pnrl ran downstairs at the top ot my speed, with lha intent inn of rendering assistance, if thefc were not loo late. But at the foot of the staircase I started back in sudden amrz i- ment. There was nothing there! Over the whole quadrangle the snow lay tpotlefs and unbroken ; save for the single tiaik of my own footprints leading diagonally across ihe square from the porter's lodge. Perplexed and troubled, I slowly re- a?C3nded the stairs, pausing on each landing to look down again and assure myself that, this time, I was not mistaken. And on entering my own room, I could not resist the temptation to throw one last glance out info the square. The figure was there still 1 The white distorted face with its glassy eyes ; the twisted body ; tho splashes of blood dark against their purs white background! It was still all there ! Again I darted out on to the landing, and again my eyes met only the unbroken surface of the snow. Back once more into my room, to find once more the same ghastly spectacle facing me when I looked down. I threw up the window, thinking that the whole thing might be an illusion produced by some flaw in the glass. But still it was there. Finally, in despair of solving the mystery, and thinking that I must be the victim of snm*> strange hallucination, I closed the window, drew down my Winds to ehut out tbe horror, and went to bed. Daylight, when I looked out next morning, showed me only the dark, clean swept flags wi h which tho quadrangle was paved. A thaw had set <i«j, and the whole scene was so changed that I could Dot associate it in my mind with my experience of tbo night before. So that, by the time I had breakfasted and smoked a pipe, I had pretty well persuaded myself that I muB 1 ; aave dreamt it all, and determined to keep my own counsel. To tell the truth, I w« s just a little ashameci to talk about what I had seen, being a professed disbeliever in the supernatural and afraid of the ridicule which I knew would follow any departure from my often expressed convictions. There was no more snow and no further appearance of the spectral figure for several weeks after this; and, in the press of business, the whole affair passed almost; entirely out of my recollection. But I was not fated to forgot it so easily. Soa^ five or six weeks later, as I was walking home from the ctub at my tegular boor, the fiis 1 . big flakes of a heavy snowstorm brought it all tack to me. And, by tbo time I reached Trafford'e-inn, tbe ground was covered to the depth of several inches. Breathlessly I hurried across the square and up to my rooms, knowing instinctively whet [ was going to see, yet hoping against hops that I might he mistaken. Bat I hal guessed only too well. There lay the outstretched figure, just as before, rave tfca , there being no moon, the eyes were invisible. But I now observed this strai ga phenomenon, 0.| the last occasion theje htf been no wow Mlipg. Now, the W •was dense with flakes. Bat, while every prominent object'', the branches of a small tree, the handle of a pamp in the centre of the eqaare, the lid of a covered sink hard by, bore its soft cushion of white, the "body on the ground remained untouched by the falling fhkes, and still showed through them—a solid, black mass, Tbis time Ihesitated no longer. Hurrying back to the lodge, I roused the porter —an old soldier, who had hold the post for many years—and bade him follow me. I tuade him stop on each landing, as I bad r^oue, and, pointing to the spot, asked him "whether he Baw anything in the snow. " Why, no, sir. Nothing," was hie rather puzzled answer. And I noticed that lie looked hard and somewhat curiously at me. When, however, we were inside room, and I once more put the question to him: " Now, porter, can you see anything there ? Or am I dreaming ?" his manner suddenly changed. A light seemed to iireak in upon him, and, bending eagerly out from the window, he took a long look, i u'nbed his eyes hard, and then looked again. At last he turned and faced me with the my T words : " No, sir. There's nothing there; not as I can see." But his face was as white as a sheet; his lips were trembling; and I knew that the man lied. He, too, saw what I had seen. Further, ho knew what I did not know— something of the apparition's hidden meaning. What this might be, however, he was either afraid or unwilling to tell me, and <o my Invitation tint ho would take something to drink, ho answered that he dared cot leave his poet at the lodge for longer than was absolutely necessary. So I gave up the idea of trying to get any information from him, and b sde him " Good night." Next day I laid the whole story before my friend Jack Briant, a barrister slightly j my senior in standing, and a greater sceptic, j if that were possible, than myself in all j matters relating to the supernatural. As 11 expected, he was at first utterly incredulous j " Nonsense, my dear fellow !'' was his comment when I had finished. "You j roust have been reading too hard, and got i your eyes out ot order. And, as for old i ilartin"—Martin was the porter—"getting I in a funk and shivering, I don't wonder when you make him stand looking out of j the window at 12 o'clock at night in a i blinding snowstorm. I'll believe yon when yon show me your ghost, and not till then." "Oome ap to-night."I said, if it enowe again between this and then, and I willj show you tiij ghost, as you call it." j " Rightyflu are," he replied. " Nothing ] I should like better. And we'll see if we SS&'t &HOCk; tbrfepttogi o«( of Uhs pock and 1 ball story of yours. At 12, you say, this gentleman is on view i" " Twelve," I answered. " I ehall expect you at 12." There was snow on the ground again that evening when I made my way home, taking care to arrive abou* a quarter before midnight, so as not to keep Briant waiting. £ was also anxious, if the truth mu3t be told, to see for "myeelf whether or not I should have anything to show him. There was a small entrance hall or passage between the " Oak" and the door of my sitting roam, and, coming from this passage, which was pitch dark, into the comparative light of the larger room, I saw, to my astonishment, that someone had got in during my absence. Seated at a small table before the window was the figure of | a man, busily occupied in writing. Every now and then he would raise his hsad and glance round at the door, a? though he expected to see someone. Bat, as his eyes : met mine, there was no recognition in them. He would stare straight at me for a moment, and then turn and begin feverishly to write again. A flint shaft of light from a window on the opposite side of the square fell on his face, and I could recognise, with my abnormal clearness of vision which I bad before remarked, the face that had stared up at me, malignant and distorted with agony, from its snow-bed in the square below. Now, however, it bore an expression of eager anxiety, a terrified, hunted lock which was almost piteous to witness. For what seemed an age, thiugh, of course, it could only have been a few minutes, I stood watchiag him in the doorway, fascinated, chained to the spot. Sheet aftei^sheet of paper he covered and tossed aside, and, at last, just as a neighbouring dock began to chime the first quarter to twelve, he dashed his pen down, sprang to his feet, and bundled all the papers together, looked featfally over his shoulder towards the door. Tc.en he lifted up the window seat, which appeared to form the lid of a large box or ottoman, and kneeling in front of it, seemed to be stowing the papers away at the bottom of it. This took some little time, and, when he stood upright again, the action of stooping so low had shaken his long greyish hair down over his forehead, imparting to the thin face, with its deep-set eyes and prominent cheekbones, a wild, haggard look, the look of a man in some fearful extremity, drawn, agonised, despairing. He had faced me now, and was coming towards the door. Involuntarily I shrank a pace or two backwards. But on the threshold be stopped suddenly, craning forward, and seeming to listen intently, as though his ear had caught some sound on the stairs outside. For a moment he stood With we band pressed fa his, forehead, tfefB turn® and rushed across to the window. Opening it, he looked out, but drew back shuddering. There were steps on the staircase now; Briant had arrived. And then the end came. Springing first on to the ^indow-seat, and from that out on to the sill, the man drew himself to his fall height, stood balanced for one second, and, wi:h a final, concentrated look of terror and hatred,, shot downwards into the dark. Andjas he fell, the last leisurely stroke of midnight boomed out on the still night air. Calling to Briant to wait a minute, I crossed to the window and looked out. Therp lay the black, prostrate figure, just as I had always seen it. My next step was to open the window-seat and bundle out all the contents of the box, a miscellaneous collection of odds and ends and empty bottles. Of course, there were no papers underneath them, but at one end of the bottom I found a small hole, into which I was able to put my finger, and so raise the boanj. Between the floor and the bottom ot the chest was a space of about 3in. f containing several folded parchments and some loose- 6heeta of paper, all stained, mildewed and ^mothered in dust. As I lifted out the first of the folded sheets a name in the endirsement caught my eye—the name of Willbughby ! " 1 say, old man, hurry up for goodness sake ! I'm freezing," came a voice from outside. It was Briant, whom I had forgotten, so absorbed was I in my examination of the chest. I now made haste to admit him, saying, as I opened the door— "Jack, I believe I've found the missing Willoughby deeds." He was obviously disappointed. " Oh !" he said. " And what aboat the ghost ? I don't expect to be put off with anything less than the real, authentic ghost, after turning out at this unseemly hour on purpose to meet him. It wouldn't be fair, you know. " The ' ghost' is there," I said. " It.was through the 1 ghost' that 1 discovered these things." And I pointed first to the window and then to the heap of papers on my table. " Where T' asked Briant, peering out. "There's nothing down there. What a fool you are, Fred !" I joined him at the window, and looked out also. The figure had vanished ! ' "Now, what have yon got to say for yourself ?" Jack went on almost angrily. " You're satisfied, at last, I hope." Bat when I told him what I had seen that night, 'and showed him the very material result of my" vision," his tone changed ana be admitted that" there did seem something queer about it." *' Mind you," he said, " I don't believe, and I never shall believe, that there ever anjr ghost in the bujeioefl?," « But if there wasn't/' I argued," what could have made me think of looking into that box. Why, I never even knew that there was a box under that Heat. How do you explain it Jack pondered. " Hang it all, man!" he said at last " One can't explain everything." Then we lit the fire and our pipes, and settled down to an examination of the papers. The folded parchments were, as I had guessed, the long-missing title-deeds of the Willoughby property. The loose sheets contained a long, rambling statement, almost illegible in places, and breaking off into a thin, wavering line where the writer had been interrupted, made by the clerk who had abstracted the papers. His reason for the theft was, apparently, his resentment of an unjust dismissal, and 'he fled, when pursued, to the chambers occupied by his master, who was then absent from town. Our perusal of the papers lasted far into the night; and early next morning I called on Miss Willoughby's solicitors, and handed over the documents to them. Sow, at their office, I met Edith Willoughby, how our acqaintance ripened into friendship, and our friendship to love—these are matters which have no connection with my present story. Enough that I, as well as my wife, owe a heavy debt of gratitude to the Trafford's inn ghost, which has brought something worth more, as Edith puts it, than all the estates in the world. As for my spectral visitor, he never appeared again. His mission was apparently accomplished as soon as he had pointed oat the hiding-place of the deeds. I questioned the porter again, telling him that the mystery was solved, whereupon he admitted that he did remember the clerk's suicide one snowy night long ago, but knew nothing of its cause or its bearing on the Willoughby case. And for the rest—but no. I would rather not enter upon that. As Jack Briant says, one can't explain everything. The Eiffel tower, the great attraction of the Parisian Exhibition of 1882, will very likely disappear, the v special commission of the Erhibition of 1900 being against its preservation. To assist those already engaged in the silk industry and stimulate others to enter upon the work, the Department of Agr'culture, Qieensland, in order to test the market in England, offers to purchase cocoons in which the chrysalis has been effectually killed, so as to prevent Its egress from the cocoon ; otherwise the cocoons are valueless. The price offered for approved cocoons is Is. 61. per lb. t and ehoQld a higher price be realised ft prr • portional increase will be paid to e&ch; supplier. A pamphlet giving full information with reference to sericulture and the moje of killing the chrysalis ia being leaned by lb* department, 