THE RED SPECTRE AND THE EMPEROR. " Tell him thru the Red Man is waiting for an audience." " Him " was Napoleon the Great; the command was addressed to Count de Mold, the Emperor's counsellor; and the speaker was . the Red Spectre, whose mission it was to watch over the destinies of the Little Corporal. . The Spectre, fantastically dressed m Red trousers, blouse, and cap, was told that his Majesty was busy and must on no consideration be interrupted. The only answer that the apparition deigned to return to this message was that he must see Napoleon—must see him alone, and at once. Still the Emperor refused point blanlt to grant this importunate being an interview. . . . , . " But I must see him," he persisted. "Tell him the Red Man is waiting for an audience." , . Trembling and awestruck at the imperious tone of the Phantom, Count de Mold again went on tiptoe to the royal room and delivered the mysterious mes- S a ft is said when Napoleon heard this message he became a spectacle pitiablo to behold. . The Man of Iron grew ghastly white, and his arms dropped at his side liko lead i but though he was completely unnerved, he managed to give orders for the admission of the unwelcome giiest. Then there ensued one of the most extraordinary conversations that ever were held. Count de Mold, whose curiosity had been raised to the highest pitch, played the . eavesdropper, and overheard th« greater part, if not all of the remarkabl* dialogue. " General," said the Rftd Spectre," This is the third time I have appeared before you as a man. The first time we met was in Egypt, at the Battle of the Pyramids; the second, after the Battle ol Wagram. "When we met at Wagram, I granted you four more years in which to complete the conquest of all Europe or to make a general peace, threatening that if you did not perform one of these two things within the allotted time I would withdraw my protection from you. " Now, I come for the third and last time to warn you that you have but three short months of power. In three months from this hour the Allies will be invading Paris if you do not take my advice and sue for peace. A general peace must be perfected within ninety days, else your sway will be limited to a small bleak island of the sea. Remember, all will be over with you if you do not achieve a conquest or accede to peace within that time." Napoleon then endeavoured, with a degree of superstition that is well nigh incredible in such a man—and yet not altogether strange either when one comes to think of it—to reason with the Phantom and to extort easier terms. He pleaded that it was impossible for him to make an honourable peace in three short months. " Do as you please," returned the Red Man, "but I will not change my resolution. Now I go," he said, as he opened the door and strode down the hall, followed by the Emperor and Mold, who pretended to have been standing on guard at the second door from the room in which the conversation had been held. His imperial Majesty begged of the Red Man to stay, but all to no purpose. " Three months—no longer," shouted the Spectre as he disappeared at the end of the hall. Just three months to a day from the time of the Red Ghost's warning, the Al- lies entered Paris (March, 31, 1814), and Napoleon abdicated four days afterwards. He was allowed to retain the title of Emperor, but the sole sovereignty he exercised was over the tiny island of Elba, which was the little bleak isle of the sea that had been held up to his mind's eye by the Red Man in the prophetic talk of the preceding New Year's Day. It is but fair to sdd that the official documents upon which the account of the Red Spectre's interview with Napoleon is based were signed by the Count dp Mold and the guard. The former, it will be remembered, overheard the conversation; the latter attempted in vain to stop the Ghost when he demanded admission. Moreover, it is said that the story had been one of the traditions of the French Court ever since the singular visit took place. Still, the whole tale wears a very suspicious Jook, and it is given here with all reserve. We tftink pur old Iriend Mr. Burchell, of " The vicar of Wakefield," would have uttered many a Fudge > could he have read the statement of the Count de Moll It is notorious that Napoleon was credulous. He had a firm belief in his star of destiny; and General Rapp has recorded an instance of the " Corsican Upftart's" behaviour while under the "influence of thjs curious spell. Rapp, whose brilliipi defence pf Danzig was at the time the theme of universal animation, once suddenly called on Napoleon and walked into the latter's room wholly unannounced. The Emperor sat by the window perfectly still, gazing intently upon the heaven?. Noticing his presence had not been observed,' Rapp pushed a chair with noise enough to attract Napoleon's" tention. Yet the latter made no sign, &nd; seemed utterly oblivious of everything. ' ...'•' Perceiving this, Rapp rushed to the side of ;the Emperor, fearing that he had fallen into a stupor, when the latter, without taking his eyes from the heavens for an instant, seized Rapp by the arm, and exclaimed in a loud tone of voice— Look there; up there." 1 1 1 see nothing bijt the pale, tv,raiding stars," returned Rapp, quietly. " " What," exclaimed the Emperor, excitedlyis it possible that you do not see my star ;: the/fiery red one, almost as. large as the moon? It is before you now, and oh, how brilliant." Then, warming aj the sight, he fairly S-hriekedas he cried out; "It lias never abandoned me for a single instant; 1 s.ep-it on all great occasions ; it commands me to go foward ; if is my sign of good fortune, and where it leads I will follow." ' Rapp said that he really screamed as he uttered the words " I will follow," and that his face was livid as heseated himself in confusion and suppressed excitep?t>nt. Several minutes elapsed before the Emperor w?s palm enough to take part in ordinary conversatioii, - . "You should never take anything that doesn't agree with you," the physician told him. " If I'd always followed that rule, Maria," he remarked to his wife, "where would you bet" An explorer declares that nothing can <qual the ignorance of the people of Ijpt-ffcero Syria. Spectator—" Why, the centre-fleJder ie singing while rpnajpg." gfppkh.older— " YeG/ tliat'e a trioTc of hiB.'' Speatatar— " Wimt"e he singing ?" Stockholder— " After the hall." Mamma—"When that boy fclireivsfconep at yoti why didn't you «ome and tell mcy instead of throwing tham baotf Littl" Son—" Tell you 1 Why, you couldu't bit s barn door." I told yoj; to go to the devil with tha' bill,''exclaimed theangisr editor. "And I vr.-nt," said the oopl cofieetor, "feat ,the ' devil* aaid you were bwiiig him, too." Ia't e stookB ©f water, J f mixed with proper eand, And floated on the mntket, SfaSt niter fft CasselVs Satutday Journal, i 