MURDERED AT MID-DAY I OR i A. «litt. WITH T1IUKK LOVKKS. A TAUS OP COUNTY GALWAY. BY SKIPP HOULASK. author of "Darker than Dontli.' "Melles to Ullin." "An Derain Secret, "KocnUod to Life," ..Tomi.ltt.tou c- " Min, Girl «nd Hproliio." " h or True Lovc-x tinko,- ^Tlin Polico Minister,' "J) lip Killixl Joh« Cameron r "Loved by a Loni, Both IMiieess nnil Police Spy." -Nina, tim Nihilist, "Block Hand," ".Myatoriiw ot .Melbourne," "bona ot tho fahain roaf' _;_ t'HAlTKR XLVIII.-{Cniitinuctl) "Tim Queen vers-us Sir John Ber- keley for wilful murder," shouts the Clerk of Arraigns. " Order ! order !" nt once cry out the ushers, more from, force of habit than because nnyono is making a noise, and then Queen'sCouusel O'Blarney rises, and blandly declares that ho represents the Grown ; . and sturdy Daniel McKai, barristor-at-law, follows suit, but with tho difference of expression -" And I appear for the prisoner, mo Iud." "With the utterance of the conclud- ing words Sir .John Berkeley appears suddenly in tho dock between two policemen, they having brought him np therointo out of tho little subter- ranean passage which connects the Court House with the prison at its back. All eves are at once fixed upon the, in public opinion, already condemned baronet,' and: they take note that) though deadly pale, he looks," never- theless, fearless and determined, so that a low murmur of approbation arises, for an Irishman can seldom refrain from paying somo kind of j homage to pluck, even when it is shown by an individual whom he both abhors and hates. ' Called upon to plead "guilty" 01 "not guilty" to the indictment, Sii John Berkeley replied :-" Not guilty my lord," in a clear and iirm, though hy no means a loud voice ; where- upon the counsel for the Crown al once set himself .to the apparently very congenial task of proving that beyond the merest shadow of a doubt he was guilty. We need not give his clear and convincing, though calm and dis- passionate speech in extenso for it would fill several columns of our space, and we have them not to spare. . , Suffice it to say that therein he declared that hé should prove his case up to the hilt, by the sworn -evidence of the most credible and unimpeachable,, of ; witnesses, and that, his harangue ended, he called the first of those witnesses into the box, in the person of Mr. Michael Fallon. Here again we might give the evidence of that gentleman, and. of brother Patrick.of Cornelius O'Dowd, the gamekeeper, of tho two Garuragh indoor servants,' and1 of Father Terence CVBrian, parish priest of Oranmore; bat as it would bea mere repetition of what-, they respectively deposed to before the' magistrates, arid which was fully set forth in Chapter 25 pf our story, we will cut tho matter short by referring such of our readers as have bad memories back to that chapter. In vain "did counsel fdr the~dofence seek to break down.the, evidence, of these witnesses;'for he could not even shake it. None, of them, . however, had been able to i give a motive for the terrible crime wherewith tho prisoner at the bar'was eharged, and the law likes to haye a motive for all such atrocious acts, and feels much more comfortable about hanging a man when once she has found one. In the present instance her humor was destined not onty to be gratified but almost tb be satiated, for there were other and very important; wit- nesses yet to be examined for the prosecution. ' . When' Father . ^Terence O'Brian stepped down out of the witness-box, a certain Mr. Abney West, an Eng- lishman, mounted into it, and upon being sworn, deposed,as follows:-. "Ile had been fishing, in Galway Lough on a certain morning, giving the exact date, and a young lady and ifentleman had, been^sitting ' making ove ' very near to him. He was out of their sight although they were not out of his! He "hadn't gone away because he;. was;'there first, and had chosen a good spot for his purpose. 'He also thought fishing a much more important matter' than lovemaking. Presently a tall mari with one hand, whom he clearly recognised as the prisoner at the bar, appeared upon the scene, and threw the lovemak- ing young gentleman, who had just made the young lady a distinct offer of marriage, which he must have clearly overheard,, into the ; lough. ^That, when he had scrambled out of the, water hot words had passed between them; which words informed '¡him (the ; witness) that the two men were brothers, arid that the younger had endeavoured to win th e elder's .lady-love> away from hun whilst íhe; was; absent at the war.' Presently, the younger mau walked away, leav- ing the other still in an evidently great passion; He (the witness) afterwards leai*ned that tho two men were Sir John and Mr. George Berr keley, and that ;the lady was a Miss O'Connor." .;:....'.'. ? '? v' ¿ <,'.;. When the counsel for. the defence asked this witness;.why hehadn't come forward before, he 'statedthat lie had only boon touring in those parts, and had returned to London, never supposing that murder had resulted from the angry, rencontre between the two brothers until he had been looked up as a witness for the Crown, doubtless , through. his having chattered to his ; landlady at Galway Town of ¡what he had heard and seen at the lough side that especial morning, and left . her his address in London ere ho started home in order that she might for- ward ' on to him any letters, etc.; arriving after he had left. ' When Mr. Abney West had finished giving his evidence, a Mrs. Patrick 0|Halloran was called by the Cro wn, and deposed that'she'kept a small Êublic- house, or shebeen, called "The Carp of Ireland," . situated a mile from Galway on the Oranmore road, .and that on the day referred »to by tho last witness and: about half an ¡ hour, or -perhaps a trifle more, after j thé occurring of the incident that he had deposed to by the lough side, Mr. George Berkeley bad called at her Slace on his way back to Garuragh, ipping with water from head to heel, and had stood in front of her turf firo to endeavour to dry himself a bit whilst drinking a glass of hot and stiff whisky and water to over como the trembling and shivering that his wetting had given him. She went on to depose that he had told her that his brother had thrown him into tho lough all thi*ough his (Sir John's) savage, beastly temper, and because he was jealous of him ; j'es, those were-his very words, she per- sisted, and next swore with equal positiveness, that Mi*. George had gono on to declare, when the whisky had unlocked his tongue a bit, that Iiis brother, meaning tho prisoner at tho liar, hadn't better try his patience tau far, of there would be a Sir George Berkeley ¡.matead of a Sir John Berke ley' rid nit) it at; Garuraqh, and that Kathleen O'Connor. 'might'.'soon be Lady Berkeley,, had she a mind, that way, without'^becoming his brother's wife. 1 ? ,*? -' ' All in Court pricked up their eai-s at this, and counsel for the Crown asked quickly What did your visitor mean by that kind of tall talk, Mrs. O-Halloran?"1 A pin might have been heard to fall as the Court awaited her answer, and no one in it with such evident eagerness as the prisoner, whose face glistened with sudden agonised sweat, whilst his eyes looked as wild and as horror-filled as though the ghost of his supposed victim had suddenly appeared in front of him. Tile witness,.however, was unable to gratify the unbounded curiosity of those who evidently expected, and not without reason, a, most, sensa- tional revelation ; for, after a little hesitation, she rejoined : "Indeed, sir, I don't know what Master Geox'ge meant, for he sud- denly cursed my .'-good, whisky that was doing him so much good, and then pulled out his purse and gave me a golden guinea to forget all that he'd been talking about. Not that I'd have taken his money, hadn't I been so behind-hand as 1 was with my rent, arid not but what I'd have kept the promise I, made him, even here, hadnt I been made to swear on the blessed book that I'd speak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth." "Poor George.!" exclaimed the prisoner at the bar evidently invol- untarily, and also thankfully. Indeed there could be no mistake but that he felt immensely relieved at Mrs. O'Halloran's inability to throw any further light upon a matter which very nearly and deeply , interested and concerned him. As nothing more could be got out of the witness prejudicial to the prisoner, Queen's Counsel O'Blarney handed, the good woman over to " his learned brother for tho defence''; who told her that "he didn't want to ask her any questions, and so she might stand down.'' - As soon as'íslier-had vacated the witness-box the prosecution placed therein a gardener from ¡ Garurngh called Hanlon,' who; deposed that whilst trimming some shrubs there one morning, not long before Sir John's return -from the wars, Mr, George" Berkeley "had- been walking on the other side, with a fussy little gentleman whom he more, than once called Doctor, .¡and he (the witness) had clearly heard this as he believed perfect stranger in those'^parts, offer to put Mr. George in his brother's place, that - was' to say in" possession of the Garuragh estates, and. title, lfpivthe..8um^Of.'}a^thbusund pounds, which, he declared lie would not require to be paid * him- until. he had succêssflilly cárriedróiit/his 'full pro raise. . *? . .".And what did Mr.-George Berke- ley say to such proposals?" asked O'Blarriey blandly,"amidst the once more eagerly excited.attention of the court. ! --i " Why, sir, before ho could make any answer, they.both came round the laurel,bushes, which ;L was trim- ming,'full' upon: me, and Mr; George looked so angry that I at once took myself o liy to another part of the garden; and so didn't see nor hear anything more."' . that was all tho man had to depose to, and as the ; prisoner's counsel ¡ declared he had no wish to cross examine him, he was told that he was done with, and as soon as he had quitted the witness-box, Counsel O'Blarney said, " Mo luci, and gentlo nien of the jury, that's the caso for the Crown." Truth to tell, there wasn't a single individual present who didn't believe bar was sealed thereby, for though the prosecution had'failed-to prove exactly 'what motive Sir John Berke- ley had for murdering his brothel-, tho testimony of the last three wit- nesses had shown "that either jeal- ousy or self- interest, or both com binod, was or wore the cause of the crime, and whore.are there stronger passions to bo found than either ;of them ? ? However, the battle is not lost yet, so let ns hear what the other side has to say, and then listen to the calm summing up of the learned judge. " ' " . that the fate bf 'the 