[NOW FIRST PUBI.ISIIE).] 'THE ULTIMATUM OF CAPTAIN FACUS. BY ERNEST GO ?NVILI.E. Author of "'The Loot Ileirks," "Tito Fossickers," Ac., ke. Copyright. Durban, Port Natal, into 1879 was a gay and festive town. The hotels were crammecd with warriors, the lodgiog-houses were stuffed with beds almost to inersting, and the very gaol was el.-ced out by the white-crnted Zllnu police forthoe aeemmoda tion of timid strangers. If report is to be erediltul, a very high ofloinal indeed took up Iis feather eiod, in that time of scares, and sought safety every ftight within the thick walls of the prison. Young ofilcors, camped out on the lawn of the Royal Hotel. All day long there was ti? click of ivory balls, the genial polpping of cham i gngue corks, the clank of sabres and the jingle of splrs. " Throuoh the drowsy flcernoons smart traps rolled out from the yard and went spinoii g through the leafy roads of the Berea, driven by military nondesceripts, with high coullrs and waxed moustnohes. Ladies with sparkling eyes and hair of a pale yellow held court, and always had at beck antd call a string of guy cavaliers. Some three weeks after Ulundi I sat on a verandah overlooking a wide court, wherein a horse deialer from Buenos Ayres was entertain ing a crowd of idlers. He had a high-shouldered mustang, which he _ !" ad Lrought over ara specimen of the troopers, he could supply, and was showlng the various uses to which his wonderful saddle could be put. Sauspended from either cud by a larint, it made a serviceable hansnouk ; spread out it served as a blinket or a table-clolh; thrown over the shoulder it became a cloak ; folded ip it was again a saddle. Then lie mado a cast with hislasso,and swung the bolus, a feat which one of the spectators attempted with signal dieastor to his own limbs. 11 Divil take the thiig,'" he exclaimed as he bhdeavouFed tolltinobhimself. "Won'tsomncon loose me ?" tobody did, all being too tired from Inughter to help; so hle spun himaelf romund, and the bolus, unwinding, deal out t hard knocks to the holpless crowd. "It's as I towhl you," he said, "I'm good at this, and what a lovely weaolnr. t'would provo in a foight." Skipping away from the crowd he dropped ltlo a cane chair beside me and offered mi a tiger, as though he had known cue al hlilsiife. " The lazy heggars," Ihe said, " thiy wooted etirring up,and I dlid it for them illiganitly. I'im Captain Fagus of the " Oirial Illower," anld am delighted to nake thle acquaintanoc of a follow edrrespondeint. You needn't tIthroduce yrour. self. I know who you are. I just inquired of the barman, anld by the same token I'm dhry." lio whistled to a waiter aind called for two whiskey squashes. Captain Fnguis was a good-looking fellow, with a smooth fact, flexible mouth, and a pair of bright, merry, roving black eyes. I felt at home with hin at once. " I heard yo were here, mooning away like a shlk dog--excuse sihe iiiile-and I straightway rame along,for companioeshlif's a moighty foino pick-me-up. lHelghoi It's mesclf that's in inced of brightening." Hle did not look it. In fact he winked at a pretty coolie girl who went by with a dish of pine-apples. I remarked that hoe seemed cheerful enough. "Appearances are deceptive. / Wlit cid ye think if I towld yez f was liI love " le looked at me seriously. " Ay, that's the truth. It's love that's killing me, with all it'u distressful circumstances. Dut how was It with you in the -" avnr ?P Buslnes? rstaraon' pleasure after.", S"We fell lito a talk" about the advanco of Ulundi, and he let ndo into to somo berolts the making of reput tions. "I was with the crawling column oil tie coast, but, bad luck to it, thce divil a bhance habai Ito distinguish myself ; Ibut tell you I made the best of my opplortunities." S" ow was that ?" " D'ye see, it was thli wuy. I wrote scrappy parogralihs for the Service papers, aind always ouad tlie elditor ill return to say somethllilg civil about myself. Something like tllis: ' We aro glad to hear froem U(illCplin ttgu, tihat smart correspondent, ttlic the men iht Zuluiuld are it good health cnud spirlis.' Or this e ' We hear from Qlptain tinges, that excellent war corres. porident, etc.' I would also write letters to the 'Times,' with my full signature and descrip. tio .." "And how did lihat help ?" " How, indeed P Excuse oum, but you are pouncg. Why, icolie wouhld say: ' WVho, in lhuider, Is Coictiiln j'cglcc P' cud, mnybe, some clever kinowanll wrpulc reldy: 'Oh I doctcherkitow wh's the famous porrcslodclnt for the ' Oirish Blower.' OGt yoursolf talked about, meo bhoy slid your fame is made, and if no one else will do that service for you, ido it yourself--oft(n." " Thet's aimpde, isnr'tit t " "Maybe. Butt it requircsjudgment, tact, and the help ov an incident scow antid agcin. Thero me luck deserted me. What I wanted was an opportunity to win the V..; just one-and behove le, lno one gave meo the ghost of a chance. At Oiiginlaove I was burning to make a hould sortlo from the longer ctlc rescue some wounlded soldiers, but hang ime for a Fayniau if one ud expose hicmself. No, sir-and that's the truth." So he rattled on until he exhausted the war and got down to the record of town life, whcen he returned to his love affair. " I'm in loveo; I nd it's deuced awkward that 1tho cociileicdnt shoUld cono oiU mcc wheni ]'oc aabout leaviig for the ould coulithry. ]'m just burstlig to coalide in some oi. I'll tell yo s ll-I will so. I mot licr at ilo table d'hoto at the ifun dcowe tlhe street. DaUnrk eyes,black ir, and ruby lips-tl e bweetest girl on earth, I surrendiered at discretion--horse, foot, and artillery i" "But se boos rnot reciprocalo ?" " Thick saie does." "T'hen wcy these tears." "I'li tel y', if ye'dl give Inm a chance to gota wo:id i,. Y sece-though I say it meself-ma o fcillml in Oireland is tlle irst in the land, vwithI icrler prillu than acres. Tloe qulestion is, ' Ciall 1 LI Iclcr to my iucestral home ?' Tell me that 'I l',. ccl rut lculet to judge, aot hivslr seen " 'c. uI'ric,'- r ry bic that's easy remedied. Yeu kuut U'. I rerwcscnt nimo family. Como nicd tlie acill ime scod you'll know her." I woe, if reaudily,hlcearlly ecljoying the sltua. ltiou, ciind i ]i, delieltd tIo lied a lisltcer, fairly bUlblcdl cier willl jovial coflldences. The l g tabe l l in the comfortable inn wan croudled a'lil a miseclnllcneus company--atlolld I)ull, farolcrr, Cte Ispecuialator, army contro. , tern, aoll two iolaies. Tile Cpllain sait oppoURite te latter, and ketd ul runCing fire oflorid cenlldimentas, diretrid bat th, yuicger lady, who bada certolu bold After dincer we scmoked at our caso under a tralliig vcle. SNuow, you cowlc-blooled Sxoon, say quickly wabut you thlilk of her or I'll stracigle yoe." "1h cis a very chsaromlig girl, if I may say so." " Tl'lhanks. I knuw you'd agrco rwith me. Ilut say InOW, didll't you remcark rhu was ai thrifo I weak in hlier graani r P Clips bher g's, you understnud, ancd doesnc't do her duly by th1o asllirnotes." " Thlse are Lrifling blenlishes from n pretty moLlih." 'riTcy wouldl icacer ie overlooked at Icy ncc. eelstrl Ihoce," icr re diecl gloonilly, Nlw 1'11l tell you iy plian. I ce rawnucpn ultimatcu." "Analtilcatncm." flo ldrew a sheet lf foolscap from an oIlicnl gUvelope with a most seriouIs air. " Now you listen to this.( I Iltlter mysdlf its ean?ti ' "Dr lir-l(thnlelC hlier father)--I)ear ir :l a yasoaro doubthless aware, I amii ardently ic jImsg1 3our rpiece rllcocIlghcCiuhrr ncd it is t)eo trmJ d ecy hcarl.tllht shcre rlocclll becimc ccy altll. Il1y fm ily is thie oldcslt nuc lhe i1rouelest lu Irtbsl, alld my' wiife cuit lcave Icn defects. lMy lovelor your dsughhilr dl s not blil num ito theII fset lat her edueolieu has Ic ot hececi without ii, deftile-dcfehwhlelh are ii.'excusaldo inthis yucg ladty. 1lte bs a iculelcy to dron hter ' 'i botp naalp nc hqyr c's fr-c the other,. My family could forgive anything but that. Now, my dear sow, 1 woutl reapectfully but urguetly Iropose that your daughter should hb placed at once in an c.stablishment for voung ladies, where she would be posected in the elegant uso of her mother tongue, and titled tar tho high honour of a union with my family. \--hlelieve me to be, &e.;, &c.;" "You surely do not intend to send that extra ofdiunry document to her father ?' " 'lhat' my inttotion. It's only duo to me family." "Well, then, send it in, and Ireparo to leave theo roultry ill a hurry." "'yo think he'll take offence ? But think of the honour of an alliance with the oullest family in (irhandl. I'll chance it, anyhow." I ltafsoont after for lariltburg,tnnd returning at the end of aweek, I found the iallant Captain seated onil log, the interested spectator of a duel between Indian gamecocks, both aramed willth murderous blades. Ttoir shackire stood out like enormous rutfles, the long tail feathers drooped, and the gleaming eye f.lrhed like fire uderr the fierce excitement of the battle. They Imet together in mid-air, there was a scatternig of feathers, a fierce thrust liame, nnd one of the gallant littlo birds was stretched out on his back. His owner, an excited coolio, picked him up, thrust a finger into the gaping wound, stitched the ends together, nod placed the bird aside, whero It staggered to its feet, weak but valiant. "hero y see theeo pitomo of war," stid Fagus. "These birds have no real cause for enmity, they hare no feathered hiremla to defend, or stores of golden grain, yett ceomomatd they rush to battle. Upon omo word when ye see the tragedy of glorious war played out in a cockpit it oaker yiou wree." lits nierrimont of a few days back had given iay ton fit of otorolihtlg. SHow was it with the ultimatum P" I asked SOct, bald lck to it I" ' " It did not answer, then P" "It did not. Theother contrctingt Power did lot rceive t it in proper spirit." " The father declared war P I told you so." '" DI.1 you,, then P I Would not hayo credited you wltth so much seone?. Ilo declared war to the hulle. Turned out his llght cavalry from the kennels, called out his infnutry in the person of a ferocious Zulu stable-boy, and came out him self with n fearful implement-thuey call it a sjambuk. I executedoa lmsterly roetrent, leaving portion of my rearguard in the mouth, of It cavalry." "1 can't say I'm sorry for you. Young ladies. are not to he wonl by ultimatums." " And me a member of one of the ouhlest families in Oirelaltd," he exclaimed trogirally. " Oh, now, that father was unreasonable. Ile said ihe wanted no one to offer him Itpertinent advleobout his dlaughter's educalion, satni he had the blessed impudenee to curse me and my ancestral home. '1was then theo war broke out, and my partiality for bananns and ripe lips received t cruel blow. See that pool of foul water on the flat P Well, I weut straight off there to drown tmeself antid. me sorrows; but there was'a rior claimant iin the shape of a toor dieil ofa ibiaticd dog, tln so I thought better of Itlnd drowned theultimatumn instead." [Ttie E? o.1 