A WIFE'S CONFESSION. CHAPTER XIII.— (Continued.) Marion listened again. And pre sently she heard the faintest rustle — bo faint as to be no stronger than the ripple of- leaves in a June* breeze. Then she caught the softest suggestion of a tune, hummed so low that it would not have broken a kitten's dream. She started back and BfhwiTilr into the shade qf the wall, as the door opened, and Gynihia* entered- the' ? yard. OB ??-??: ?'?? ?:? ??-? ; I But she did not start-back so swiftly I but that Cynthia saw her; nor yet did I Cynthia perceive her so swiftly as I Adam FurnesB came forward and seized I the girl by both amis. I 'If your hand's in this,' he said I below his breath, u and if I'm taken I —by hell, Til hn.ng for you ! Make I a sound or a sign, and HI shift my ? hands from, your arms to your throat. I I've not lost too much blood to throttle iagixV I ' Adam t' she exclaimed. I - « Hush ! -? Do you mean me to be as I good as my word ?' I ' Lord ! do you mean ? Ah, I I eee. No, I don't see — I can't see ? -' I « But I do, and if I don't I wilL' I ' Ah — but I can ! Only — you don't I mean to tell me that — whoever it is — I he's alive?' I 'Alive? No.' I 'Who is it?' I « Peter Petersen.' I «0h — then I don't mind. I was I afraid ? But oh, what a fool I've I been I' . . I It seemed to Marion that they were I talking in some strange sort of short I hand. And so, for that matter, they I were ; for no words written at length I can give the way in which Cynthia, I when not bewildered by uncon I genial metaphysics, Baw to the I heart of things, flash wise. I ' Nothing worse than a fool?' asked I Adam sternly. I 'What's worse than a fool? And I jne to let the red-whiskered wretch I tend me ont on a fool's errand, Fm I dead of shame to the end of my days. I ... So he thought he'd take I ?ou in the house ; and then when I I came back. . . . But he is dead?' I ' It had to be he or I — and here I am L' I ' I was afraid it might have been — I but never mind now.' I ' And I — I was afraid ? ' I 'What?' I ' That it might be you.' I 'I? IP Ah— then there is a I logger fool than me, after all! ? Jd never forg^et . yojiH-if I hadn't. I ought to be forgiven, too .} . . . . for' I tliiniHng . , , but never mind.' I Are they here ?' I ' The police ? I don't advise you to I go and..see» , „ .-,.,.,.. Are theyjfchere I —outside?' I u Fve seen none ? ' I ' Girl, Fm going to trust you as I man never trusted woman before— -at ? least, without repenting. I wouldn't; I but that there's nothing else to be I done. I'm badly hurt, and I must see I a surgeon at any^xisk, short of being I caught alive. The thing's smashed, I bat there are a gopd many pieces to be I picked up, and we can't stop for that I now. Meet me — let me see — on Wed I nesday at — Til write where and when. I You know where to look for letters, I and you'll call every day ; and you'll I say nothing to Stephen Hay. After I Petersen, Til trust one more woman, I and no man ? , Ah !' I With a stifled, exclamation he threw I himself back into the shadow. That I peculiar tramp by which constables I announce their approach -when heard I advancing from both directions at I once along the mews towards the I postern. Cynthia heard it too. I ' Quick I' she exclaimed, in a sharp I whisper. 'You can reach the stable I roof from the walL If s the Miss I Burdoiis'-— they won't think of search ing there for a good hour; and. I you needn't stay ; there's a painter's ladder into the next yard, and all the walls are low all the way to the square, and no spikes anywhere. Come,' she added, catching Marion by the hand, drawing her into the mews, locking Hie door quickly, and tossing the key over the wall. Adam Furness paused. He was eafe for at least another minute ; and his trust in woman was about to fol low over the edge of the precipice his trust in man. Could it be that Cynthia had not been detaining him to give the; constables time to - arrive? that her, pretended ignorance' had not been a He? He bound the saturated handker chief more tightly about his wrist, and twisted a piece of 'whipcord firmly round the aim above the wound, so as to cut off its connection with the heart as completely as possible. Then he measured the opposite wall and the stable roof with his eye ; the climb could be made no doubt j but then ' that roof might be made a second trap — it would be wiser to try the wall against, which he was Im-nin^ and follow the route Cynthia had given him by the law of contrary. But there was- not a ghost .of a foothold, and the coping was far too high for a spring 5 and to drop into Mr. Ward's back garden would mean to court capture. ':':-'.t ; ''. ? ?..'.'''*?' y With, the constables at' the back door, with the house in their pos session, with; an impassible) wall behind him, with probable treachery in front of him, and with his own blood staining the gravel he -felt himself at bay. There were but' 4itwo courses open; to wait till the door was burst open, and to make a rush for it, or to let the constables find -another corpse in addition to Peter Peterson's^ It may eeem strange; but hejiad no thought of letting himself be taken alive— the alternative never entered his mind. Whatever Ma reasons, they were so : much part 'of his nature that he had no. occasion to muster them. They yr$i$,jpBxk- o| the, -.very breath iihat he drew, . He . set hie teeth, drew a re volver from his breast, and Btood pre pared to. die rather than yield Ms secret — whatever it might be. -. And it was the same world — the same little world that contained Adam Furness and John Heron. While the banker Was advancing to greatness by rapid strides ; while his native city was at his feet, voting statues and talking of peerages for the man who was to make it a power in the empire; while his were the hands, the., ](iead,^ jand the heart that , inspired new life .into a whole town ; while he was trusted, loved, and honored with a zeal that rivalled his own, Adam Furness was standing in a few square feet of London yard, betrayed by those he trusted, a hounded outlaw, and preparing to escape by self-murder from the mur derer's doom. ' There, but for God's . grace, goes Richard Baxter,' said that thorough going Calvinist, on seeing a highway man on the way to Tyburn. And we shall say but that there might not have been standing John, Heron, of Marchgrave — but for, say, a hundred things. Assuredly, if Marchgrave, in some corporate vision, could have seen John Heron standing where Adam Furness stood now, it would have forthwith voted a madhouse big enough, to hold the -whole town, and have unani mously committed itself thereto, man, woman, and child. And if John Heron could have shared such a night mare — if he, who lived firstly for the public good and secondly for honor able ambition, could have put himself in the place of .the coiner on the eve of arrest, of -an actual murderer, -of a criminal who had failed; — then John Heron, of Marchgrave, despite all his principles, would have preferred suicide to tie hideous downfall of letting himself be identified with such a man, and have thanked heaven, even in his sleep, that dreams are but dreams. But even dreams may be too wild for words. Good men do no murder, even in a dream. The tramp came to a sudden hault. Qynthia, outside the door, laughed lightly, and hummed the fag-end of a lively tune. ' Halloa, young woman,' said a gruff voice, in a tone of authority ; ' clear out of this — what are you ?doing here ?' ' We're taking a stroll,' Adam Fur ness heard Cynthia answer demurely ; ' me and this young lady — my friend.' 'Then you'll take your stroll else where. Wait a bit, though. Has any thing been going on here before we came?' ' Nothing in particular, Mr. Ser geant. But, gracious ! is it burg lary?' : 'Never you mind. That's our affair.' 'Only think, Eliza!' said CyntMa, putting a cockney twang into her voice, and speaking with the most innocent air. ' You remember seeing that man scrambling along- the ? — But there. Ifs none of our business. -The sergeant Bays so. I think we'll go home.' 'Stop a bit I What man? Where?' ' Blest if I didn't *h™Tr 'twas some thing. Didn't I say so, Eliza? There's something up, I says to Eliza, as sure as my name's Jane.' ' How long ago ? WMch way ?' **Oh, pVaps a minute — p'r'apsless, or pYaps more. Lord, how he did scramble along to be sure ! If he don't break his leg, I says to Eliza, says I ? ' ' Answer sharp ! WMch way? ' ' Bight along ? But, gracious ! he'll never get there without a broken neck or a limb. Oh ! ' she screamed. — ' look — if there ''he ain't right atop of thtfwall of Number Twelve! Oh! Dont look, Eliza — he's gone ! ' Adam Fumess's heart have a great throb. The girl was putting the con stables on a false scent with airs of stupid innocence that would have taken in Eouche frrmaftl-f. She was true. ? Returning 'his revolver, and regard less of his 'Wound, he drew himself up the low wall that separated the back garden of Number Seventeen from the Miss Burdons'; thence up a slope in the brickwork to a higher level; thence to the stable roof, where he could see from above without being seen from below. Yes, Cynthia had been true. -The group -of- constables, some four or five, were following with their eyes the : direction of one arm, wMch pointed the wrong way, while; Marion clung to the other. Stumbling round the roof, just1 within the low parapet, in search of. the promised ladder, befriended by the: false scent and the darkness, he was: suddenly startled by . a flash of light full in his eyes; and, recovering, perceived that , there was one in the company below, a young man in plain clothes, who, armed with a lantern, was not looking in the direction of Cynthia's finger. __ Adam Furness felt that this man's eyes, not merely his lantern, had for a moment met his: own. Instantly He threw himself down behind the parapet on bis hands and knees, stifling a groan wrung from him by his wound. A shout of discovery rang in Ms ears as he found the head of the ladder. He knew 'himBfUf to be in sight as he stepped upon the coping and swung himself to the topmost rung. The lower part of the ladder was boarded over; but this was to the help of speed, since it com pelled *i™ to slide the last 20 feet, though at the risk of a broken limb. CHAPTER XIV. The bell, at Marchgrave, is e large old inn, big enough for a town twice or thrice the Bute of that ancient city, occupying a considerable share of one side of the broadest part of Main street, and backed by acres of stable yard andrgarden. You enter, first under a swinging sign ; then under' several joints of mutton, by a payed' archway , whence two wide staircases, one on -either side,, run up into a maze of landing places and corridors. It had been a famous house genera tions ago — the Bcene of county balls and assemblies, and all manner of adventures of the road. But of late it had -settled down into -a commercial house of the usual order, flavored by such patronage as the county 'families had left them to give ; busy on Thurs days, when the farmers came in, and waking up into bustle at election, and assize times. It was also the seat of a Masonic lodge and a tradesman's club ; and -was altogether one of the most respectable institutions in March - grave, as -was indeed its business to be, with the cathedral close within one stone's throw and Chapter-lane within another. An omnibus — in words of the fly blown card over the chimney-piece in the funereal coffee-room— met every train ; and, it might have been added, usually came back empty. One even ing, however, having made its pre liminary tour !of the town, it conveyed - to the door of the Bell a well-dressed gentleman of between 30 and 40 years old, with a new portmanteau and a pleasant smile. He asked if he could have a bed, with an insinuating air that seemed to the rather elderly lady at the desk in the bar the height of fine manners, and obtained ^'Tn a room scarcely -warranted by his lack of luggage. And when he had asked the waiter in the coffee-room for all sorts delicacies unheard of in Marchgrave even at corporation dinners, and had finally ordered a bottle of the most extravagant champagne with the best he could get, he was discussed in the parlor behind the bar very consider ably to his advantage. He had the coffee-room entirely to himself, and as the room was vast and dimly lighted, and void of any enter tainment beyond the portrait of a long-buried bishop, the 'County Directory,' 'A Guide to the Cathe dral,' and a tariff of wines, it was natural that so genial-looking a gentleman should hunger for company after his bodily appetite had been ap peased. The latter, indeed, had been ex cellent — tepid soup, -watery fish, greasy cutlets, flinty tarts, and crumbly cheese had disappeared before him. as if the Marchgrave cook had been a cordon bleu. He strolled into the passage, and seeing several persons of Ms own sex making them selves comfortable in the landlady's red curtained parlor, made bold to join them, asking some ordinary ques tion by way of formal apology. Once there, he seemed to fall naturally into the place, lighted a cigar from Ms own case, asked for coffee and green chartreuse, and, since that was not to be got, contented himself with curacoa. Nor' did he turn up his naturally somewhat snub nose at either of them, as Mrs. Clapper of the Bell was ^«l-f afraid so fine a gentleman might do. In the most affable way possible he smacked his lips, and ordered a pint of port — wMch chanced to be really good, as, having been the remains of the cellar of a late eminent canon of Marchgrave, who had obtained his stall when Port 'was Port and Greek was Greek; perhaps because they hung together, instead of being divorced and parted — Greek to stage-struck schoolgirls, and Port to Bacchus knows where. ' Affable' was the exact word that came into the minds of Mrs. Clapper and her elderly niece in respect of their visitor. He was in every respect calculated to win the hearts (not very easily won) of their order, whether young or old. His clothes., were obviously so fresh from the tailor's, and were 'worn with such an air, that one looked at the coat before the wearer ; the more especially as he sported a sweet-smelling button-hole ; a fashion that had not yet become vulgarised in Marchgrave. TTia hat was beautifully brushed; his light gloves, when casually drawn off, dis played several rings with flashing stones ; Ms teeth were wMte and visible ; ? his hair was elaborately arranged ; his complexion exquisitely pink and clear. Whether those charms of person and manner, added to an evident indifference to the amount of his bill, had an equal effect upon the rest of the company, is much less certain. Mr. Wilks, the stationer ; Mr. Crabb, the saddler ; Mr. Green, the auctioneer ; Mr. Bruff , a reporter for the Mabchgbave Mbe. coby'; Mr. Hemp, the -vicar-choral ;' and Mr. Prendergast, the sMpbroker's clerk, were one and all (so it singu- . larly chanced) wifeless; though otherwise most respectable citizens ; . while Mrs. Clapper was the best-to-do widow in the place, and Miss Lamb was her niece and reputed heiress; Not one of them had a chance, and; each one of them knew it. . ' But they were nevertheless rivals of long standing, and while accustomed' to one another's rivalry, and being the better friends and neighbors for it, had a natural dislike towards inter lopers of this particular brand. And the worst of- it was they could not help/ admiring, top- — admiring ? . even , the k_ s^nnaa with which he lifted his wine in Ms jewelled fingers as if : over the heads of their homely grogs and humble weeds. ' . ; But not for the British tradesman is the luxury of Jetting .-Ms antipathies be perceived— -even a possible rival is a possible l. customer as well. And these were men of the pleasant, slow lived, easy going West, where people do not think of. thebuttering of. parsnips before using fair words. ' (to be continued.) : ' Friday's silk hata a speciality , toost fashionable, ?oonomieal,«nd durable, 488sna678aaargMt-iMt, -*. ????' ???????-? ... ????.: ????? 