Poisoning. This method of breaking the sixth com mandment is populai- ?with a certain class of miaorpanta, Men of infernal proclivities but wcuk norves rosort to it as n clean and quiet way of getting rid of uncongenial ? wives and troublesoma companions, a. way which ia aupposed to be safer than shoot ing, throat- cutting, axing, and the like. Women with a tu.ato for homicida, from the time of Nero's niothei to tlio present day, have, generally preferred poison to every Other instrument of murder. In tho days of the Medicin and the Uorgias poisoning' roae to the dignity of a tine, art in Italy. Catherine de Medici, it 5» teuo, was not in sensible to the ftUxaotioua of empbatio and; wholesale ^la^gliter— xwitueBS the tragedy pi ^),t. Bartholomew's got up under her direction— but buq cultivated the art of; silent murder with great assiduity and Buccesa, and uow and then indulged in a littlo family practice with inlinito gusto. After leading her boh, Charles IX - by the nose for many years, ah« poisoned him through the same orgaiu* All the Borgiaa were also exper.t& in this branoh t-f demon ism. 1% the middle ages, however, poieftft -was a muoh safer weapon than it is now. Then the most accomplished ohemiata of the world 'manufactured it for tho worat purposes, ^ho, man of eoieno» who had produ.o?^a new and subtle philter warranted tp, ki,ll wtthou,- convulsing was tfure to obtain a, splevUid douceur for his Bficrot frntn RntnA 'nrinn.a nv nr\Kla av lady o thigh d.eg»ee, who, to use the classic language of a modern, murderess, wanted tft ?« $ook sorAebody's1 j»oose.' But nowa days these things arc not managed us they were in the. Medi,ceau nnd Boigiah eras. All the. yeso.ujcoB of chemistry were then iUwoted to. tho Jo»Uuotion. of life, and j never,, as at p3Csen,tk to the detuction of tha ifteaij^B by which it was deatroyod. It ia ve.\t to, impofisihj^ 'ror a modern, poisoner tp, eva,d-j//'JniniBhment. The,, oymptoma whjjib, 'follow tho administration of all deadly drugs and chemicals are familiar to iho whole medical profession. Analysis, like an avenging Nomosis, confronts the perpetrator with the proof of hio crime. The 8to.rn.aob, of tho dead victim is a more pot out witness against the criminal than Bpootres wore supposed to be against the ' secret men of blood,' 400 years ago. We need no ' choughs and magotpiea ' to bring thb deed of the poiaon-monger to- light. Tho fleeh, not the ghost,, of the- dead appears from the g^a,yo,. and oonjigna) him to the gallo.w*. ; tm ? — .. i in i 