Traveller, MARRIAGE IN RUSSIA. . ; When a young man in Rhssia takes a fanoy to a maiden he sends Ma mother or some other matrimonial - medium to tbe parents of the girl to negotiate for her dowry. ' As an incidental he has no objeotion to any chance affection she may have to bestow along with it. The girl has bo voice in the matter ; often has an offer of marriage accepted or re jected by proxy without knowing anything about it. This onBtom has one tMng in its favor ; it certainly Baves a great deal of wear and tear to her feelings. The marriage settlement being satisfac tory the conrtsMp begins. The yonth most never go to the horse of his betrothed without taking her a gift. A long conrt sMp in this country would be liable to bankrnpt a man. However, it ib not the custom to linger Jong in this primrose border land. A betrothal is almost as bind ing as marriage itself. There iB never a slip between the onp and the lip, save for very grave and serions reasons. . At the betrothal feast the girl outs off a lock of her hair in the presence of witnesses, in order that it may be authentic, and gives it to her betrothed, who in torn gives her a silver ring set with tnrqnois. These rings are kept as heirlooms in the family, bat never mast they do duty twice. They never use a second-hand engagement ring in Rassia. What becomes of the look of hair, history does not inform ns. It is safe to suppose, however, that it depreciates in value as the years roll on. A well-to-do bride brings her husband a dozen shirts, a dressing gown, and a pair of slippers. She is supposed to have spun the flax and woven the cloth and made the garments with her own hands. The faot is', Bhe often bays them ready-made. Before the wedding the dowry is on ex- Mbition and is blessed by the priest. T' us we see that in Rassia as well as other plaoeB nearer home, ths most interesting part of the ordinanoe of holy matrimony is the avalanohe of good clothes it brings with it. In the upper and middle olasses the bride groom gives a baohelor dinner the night before the wedding. The bride-eleot at the same time goes with her friends to the batb. At the appointed time the bridegroom oomes to claim Mb bride. She falls npon her knees before her parents and oraves forgiveness for the follies of her youth. They kiss her, giving her bread and salt, typifying the necessities of life, leaving tbe door open behind her when Bhe goes out, indicating that she still has a home in her father's honse. We have now the happy pair at the altar, with lighted tapers in their hands to signify aspiration, the lond voice of the priest uttering a short prayer ; the ring which they exchange with eaoh other in roken of the trinity, snd the onp of wine from which they drink, a symbol of eternal love. Three times the bride parades around the altar w>th a crown of gilt held joBb above her head, by an important innotionary whom she ohooses for the office, bnt he most on no acoonnt tread on the hem of her gar ment or derange her headdress, as he will be denounced by the lookers-on for a heretic. This personage has also other connubial porterage to look after. Hs most attend to the lighted tapera and carry the pieoe of earpet npon whioh the eonple are to kneel for the priest's blessing. By the way, the one who is first to tonoh tins bit of carpet with the foot is supposed to rale the domestic kingdom. It is only fair to say that the bride usnaliy gets there on time. Thus ends the symbolic marriage. Although the service of the Greek ohoroh .is more dramatic and Inller of significant I detail than the R'snan jehnrah, and that is I -la'oorata, compared wi'h the German or P.-otestant church, yet in Rissia th«y do not waste much real sentiment on marriage. There arc patties who regularly oontiaoi for marriage anions, a bind of real estate agency in connubial ielicity, npon whioh they get a ptro-ntage of the spoils . T iere were marriage fairs held formally in Sc. Petersburg and Moscow, bat now only in provincial towns, where men and maids resort. The rich man may take Ms pick. S imetimes people travel long journeys to attend these fairs. Now, however, the better olasses do not, ao they are the popular resort of servant girls who get a week's leave of absenoe for the marriage fair and often oome bsok nnnedded, bnt as mnoh demoralized as a colored eook in the south after a eamp-meeting. In this bleBsed land of Rassia, where more than fhalf manhind are women, old maids are very soaroe. When a woman is not married at 25 she disappears from view, goes on a pilgrimage or round of travels, and oomes back posing in society as a widow. Eriqnette in Rassia forbids any allusion to a lady's dead husband in her presenoe. Y'.usee a woman's iife in that land is not complete without the adjnnot of a husband, or even the ghost of a husband, to give it a kind of cold respeotability. — T. Wilson. 