CURRENT TOPICS. \-------------------------- BURRA HBOSPITAL— The number of patients in this institution last week was 32 ; there have since been admitted 6 ; discharged 2; died 0; leaving 36 now in Hospital. CONFIRMATION.— By advertisement in an- other column it will be noticed that on Sunday next the Bishop of Adelaide will conduct ser- vices at 8 o'clock, 11 and 6.30 at St. Mary's Church. At 11 o'clock a confirmation service will take place. FISK JUBILEE SIKNGERS.— Again we draw attention to the fact that on next Friday night the favourite Fisk Jubilee Singers will appear at Burr for the last time. A complete change of programme will be submitted, which will include a number of choice songs and planta- tion ditties. Adjournmen*.— The Mayor of Burra (P. 3L. Killicoat, Esq., J.P.) has given orders for the adjournment of the Burra Town Council ?from to-day at 2 o'clock to Thursday afternoon, HnifoY respect to the late Mrs. John Lewis. Was it in Bcrra?— A servant maid, filled 'with ambition, has taken the trouble to jot us down a line or two for the purpose of asking if the ? young woman referred to in our last week's issue was a resident' of the district, and if the affair happened in Burra. \ Av coorse it did ; do you think it happened anywhere else.— EiJ.J Rev. C. T&esise.;— At the Bible Christian Church on Sunday evening last the Rev. C. Tresise, who has been appointed special agent for the Home Mission^ preached an excellent sermon to a good Congregation. In the morn ing he preached at Hallett, and in the after noon at Mount Bryan. On Monday evening :at the 'first-named church the rev. gentleman ?conducted a successful service. TSurra Literary Society.— The weekly 'meeting of this society was taken up on Friday evening with a Question -box Lecture. Mr. C. Fuss dealt with questions of a scientific char acter, while the remaining portion, which com prised principally queries on political and social matters, was treated by Mr. W. T. Rabbicb. The remarks of both gentlemen were lucid and instructive, and their answers were the means of creating much thought and discussion. The musical part of the programme was sustained by Misses Cox and Goldsworthy. Concert.— On Friday evening Jasr a most successful concert was held tn the Wesleyan Lecture Hall, the proceeds of which were de voted to making alterations to the hall. The following ladies and gentlemen took part : — Overture, Miss Sprod ; songs — Messrs. K. Ewins, Lockyer and Page, and Misses Wylie, ?Chappie and McBride; recitations— Misses Harrison and Steele ; piano solo, Miss Delano; violin duet. Misses Sprod and Bennett ; glee, t3hoir ; instrumental duet, Miss Builder and Wilkinson j song, Mrs. Lockyer ; voilin solo, Miss A. McBride. New Quarter — With this issue a new quarter of the Record commences, and all those who have not yet sent in their names as sub scribers should do at once. The Record is published every Wednesday morning in time for the first trains, and runners deliver the paper in all parts of Kooringa, Redruth and Aberdeen. Our large circulation is a sufficient guarantee to recotrmend the 'Record to adver tisers and others, extending as it does all over the colony of South Australia and across the Queenrland Border. The coloured Wrapper signifies a new quarter, and it also suggests something else, don't it ? The Chings. — Through some unaccount able reason the cash Chinamen, the labouring Chinamen, the gentlemen Chinamen and the scheming Chinamen have dropped into hot water lately, and each received a wrap over the knuckles for not looking further ahead with a view to escaping the trouble they are now crying over. The last-named Ching said to a white man the other day when stand ing near Henderson's corner, * I see plenty this comin' on long a time, but I no care, me no cry.' 'How's that?' queried the listener. ' Oh, well,' he said, patting his shoulders with his cat o' nine tales, c I say to mine cousin lend me seventy-tree pooun, an' he do, so when I get hard up he lose de mony ; that's de way we do.' On Thursday last Luke Day, Esq., closed the doors of bis establishment, and he anticipates taking a trip to China or some other place, and now his admirers are saying, ' Oh, have you seen him.' One Too Many.— * It is deucedly awk ward,' said a young man the other evening ?when nearing the Burra Post-office, * to see a fellow's too girls waiting for him through silly absentmindedness. I forgot all about M ? 's night out falling on Wednesday. How the deuce shali I manage ? How can I get* J ? away without the other one seeing the mistake? Awkward, terribly awkward. ' Ah 1' he said, ' happy thought, I know what I'll do, I won't see either of them. I'll make the excuse that I was detained in the store.' So with this in tention he started off on the return journey, and as soon as he did so voices were heard to say come on — — , we are both waiting for you, and we want you to determine now which of us you really love. 'Caesar's ghost,' he muttered, that's a conundrum. *No, hang me if I'll go, there is one too many for me. I'll vow that they made a mistake — it wasn't me.' With this he made off, being followed by the two young sparks who had arranged the plan bj. mutual consent. Just as the gallant desperado was making off he lost his hat. The girls picked it up and in it saw the name of the owner. Next day they sent it to him in a neat parcel with their compliments, and re quested him to shy clear of them in future. Now that young man is thinking desperately of going to World's End to get out of the way. A Simple Receipt. — How to gradually change the giey color of the hair to its original color so that it will not be noticed. Why should you look old and careworn. The grey hairs are coming whether you ?:ke h or not and you are lookiug old. There are hundreds using this receipt and we can positively stale that it can be lelied upon. ' How frequently we hear the expression ' How grey you are getting' and it is true. There are many things vhicb cause the color of our hair tn change. It is a wonder many ef us have stood the tumbles we have, without soon affecting the color of our hair. We are able -o write well of Cross's Hair Reviver — it will positively re store hair to its original color. This is not a mere statement, but borne out by fact. It 5; not a dye, but gradually imparts to the hair through the hair cells what nature has lost, thus giving to the hair what is necessary to re store it to its natural color.' It is a wonderful discovery and so simple. Sprinkle on the hair. Sold by all chemists and stores. Price 2s and 6d per bottle. Charles Cross, Manufac turing Chemist, Malvern, Adelaide. — Advt. Quarterly Meeting. — The Kooringa Wesleyan Methodist quarterly meeting was held on Tuesday, June 26, at the residence of Mr. A. Harris. Representatives from the country parts were not present, but there was a good attendance of members from Kooringa church. The Rev. R. S. Casely presided. It was estimated that the income for the quarter from all sources would meet the expenditure, and reduce the small circuit debt to about £g. Tbe following resolutions were passed : — 1. * This meeting desires to express and record its deep regret at the death of the late Mr. Robert Giles, who has for many years been a zealous and acceptable local preacher in this circuit. As a preacher, and in other ways, Mr. Giles rendered invaluable service to the church, and won universal respect and esteem, To Mrs. Giles and family the meeting tenders its deepest sympathy, praying that God may comfort them in their sorrow.' 2.- ' This meet ing acknowledges with devout gratitude to Almighty God, the encouraging success of the special services carried on by the Rev. Thomas Cook, during the past quarter in Kooringa church. In the short mission there held, the church was quickened and * believers were added to the Lord.' The meeting nnites in the prayer, that as in the past, abounding blessing may graciously follow Mr, Cook's labours throughout the Australian colonies and New Zealand, and that to him and to Mrs. Cook, there may be continued in all their jour neys, grace and strength, and watchful care.' Preliminary arrangements were made for anni versary services at Baldina and World's End, and at Kooringa about September 9 and 16. During the quarter an additional class for young men has been formed and placed under '.he care of tbe pastor of the church, and the Christian Endeavour Society has been con siderably strengthened. Tbe Sunday-schools in the circuit were favourably reported on by Mr. Crewes, school visitor. District Cooncil Elections.— Up to the time of going to press particulars of only one district has reached us which are as follows! — Hallett — Councillors— Webber 12 (elected), Phillips ?, Wilkins 3, Teddy 2. Auditor— Williams &8 (elected), Tiver 13, Hardy 3 votes. Sudden Death. — On Monday morning at about 9 o'clock Williata Roy Turley, aged three months and two days, suddenly expired at the residence of Mr. Wm. Henderson, Chapel slreet, Kooringa. Lance Corporal Thomas made enquiries into the circumstances, and after medica! evidence bad been given Mr. P. Lane, J.P., gave a certificate to the effect that an inquest was unnecessary. The Land Settlement Aid Society.— Special attention is directed to the fact that on Monday, July 9, at 4 o'clock, a public meet ing will be held in the lodge-room of the Burra Institute, when Mrs. Goode and Miss Adam son will address those present on the above subject, with a view of explaining the position of the village settlers throughout tbe colony. Wilka. — By advertisement in another column it will be seen that the fine blood horse, Wilka, will travel the same round as last season, which includes Burra, Mount Bryan, Hallett, through Cartapoo, Booboorowie on to Leighton, Gum Creek, Farrell's Flat and through Hanson, thence to Emu Downs, Robertstowht Bright and Baldina. This cele brated blood stallion has taken a number of first prizes, and also special prizes to improve roadster stock, weight carrying hacks, and carriage horses. Mr. M. F. Moylan the genial host of the Kooringa Hotel is the proprietor, from whom full particulars can be had. FiRB.— Those anxious adherents who were attentively listening to the newly-arrived Sal vation Army lasses were somewhat disturbed on Saturday night at about 7 '55 by hearing the cry of 'fire,' which emanated from the lips of several persons who saw a blaze popping up through a chimney in MarEet-square. For a minute or two, until the facts of the case were made known, great excitement prevailed. The * fire brigade' was soon on the spot, hut their valuable assistance was not required, as the owner of the house had the flames entirely under his command, and at tbe proper time ex tinguished it. The fire did its work well, and we are told that it cleaned the chimuey better than any brush. We guess tt did ! Box AND Cox. — This is the peculiar name of tbe farce to be given in tbe Burra Institute on Wednesday, July 11, in addition to a grand variety programme of vocal and instrumental music. The items to be submitted are now being carefully rehearsed- For tbe first time in Burra Romberg's Toy Symphony, in which no less than ti performers will take part will be rendered. Two popular orchestral pieces will also be given, and a good evening's amusement can be confidently looked forward to. Then there is the object of the entertainment. Itis one worthy of consideration, and tbe public will en dorse these remarks when we state that the pro ceeds will be devoted to assisting the poor and needy in our town. From the fact that Dr. Brum mitt will preside everyone who attends the en tertainment can rest assured that the money realized will be distributed to the best advan tage, and no doubt sorrowful hearts will be made glad. We hope to see a bumper house. 