POLITICAL PHILOSOPHERS. CAPITAL PUNISHMENT. TINKERING THE CONSTITUTION AND TARIFF. The Select Committee appointed by the Legislative Counoil to see if a solution of the unemployed problem can be found meet repilarly every week. The* were supposed to resent their report on Wednesday, but the S'hairman (Hon. F. Basedow) has obtained a nonth s extension of time. TheHon. E. WardspokediffueelyintheOouncil on Wednesday afternoon in moving in favour of the adoption of a wealth tax. It might be said that he divided his speeoh into three parts. First, he essayed to prove that the existing method of taxation is inequitable; second, that Mr. Russell is not possessed of a bitch degree of intelligence; and third, that a wealth tax should be imposed. For an hour and a half he rolled out his rhetorical thunder, which, loud though it was, did not keep awake all the members of the party to whioh Mr. Ward belongs, although the membere of the Labour party remained very muoh awake, and anloyed the speaker with their oonstant interruptions. The Son. W. Russell was so moved (hat he was impelled to rise and opp iae a wealth tax, after which the debate was adjourned to Ootober 10, when the Hon. D. M. Charleston will present the obveree side of Mr. Ward's pioture. The Presidentof theLegislativeCouncilgave mother most important ruling on Wednesday. Last week the second reading of the Council Franohise Extension Bill was put and negatived, but the Hon. A. A.. Kirkpatrick was anxious to rescind that motion and have the seoond reading put again. The Hon. E. Ward questioned whether he oould do •o. The President, who had bad private notioe of the question, gave an elaborate ruling, whioh will be printed and taken into Consideration next Wednesday. The Legislative Counoil approved of the proposals of the Government to purchase land at Buoyoolie and Mitcham for division into working men's blooks. The amendment of the Hon. W. Russell to limit the prioe for the Booyoolie section to £4 per sore was negatived by a substantial majority. The Hon. J. J. Dunoan, in referring to the Mitoham land, struok a new note when he objected to these blooks near the city on the ground that they tended towards objeotionable centralization. On the Assembly meeting the Premier had * little surprise for Mr. Grainger, giving aotioe of a Probate Amendment Bill. Mr. Grainger returned the oompliment with interest, discovering to the astonishment of the Ministry and the annoyance of the Premier that it is necessary for a notioe of motion by a Minister to be seoonded, as in the oase of a private member. The Standing Order had bben honoured in the breaob for years. The Moral Philosopher of the Labour party, Mr. Wood, was oheered as he rose at quarter past 2 to move for the abolition of oapital punishment. He did not say, like the French satirist,"Lee the assassins begin." The quality of Mr. Wood's mercy towards murderers if not strained was variegated. Fortified by modest tomes, Mr. Justice Buudey's pamphlet, and the Holy Soriptures, he built up a speeoh of shreds and patohes, opening with a profound argument to show that excessive punishment defeated the objeot. From the disorder prevailing in the House, every member being in earnest conversation with his neighbour, .the punishment did not fit the crime, for the object of public speaking to preserve quiet in Parliament was defeated. Though disowning sentiment, the modern Moses forgot the jndioial meekness due to his office, and assaulted the law for murdering murderers, picturing the executioner and Sheriff livid and trembling in every limb while enaoting the tragedy. His humanitarianism would not grant a poor wretch a stimulant to enable him Co take his punishment manfully. While he abhorred oapital punishment as revengeful, he argued that the life sentence was a better deterrent because a severer infliotion. "Would you abolish both?" acutely asked the A ttorney- General. With muoh feeling Mr. Wood pointed out that human nature was frail and oircumstaooe. compelled orime. Moses oommitted njntder. (The Premier—"Justifiable homicide.") Mr. Wood said Moses slew 3,000 persons for worshipping the golden oalf. How many wonld be exeouted if that offence received like punishment today? Mr. Handyside, Who was growing tired of the sermon, enquired — " Bat you don't believe all that, do yon?" Mr. Wood said the commandment was "Thou shalt not kill." Mr. Bargoyne—"An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth." Mr. Wood—"That's not in the commandment." Mr. Ash—"No; it was put in the sohedule." Mr. Wood proceeded with a digest of Mosaio law on the death penalty, with annotations by Mr. Justioe Bundey, contrasting it with the New Dispensation of mercy to all. In the meantime many members had calls to the Smokingroom ; of the others not two listened. Less than half a dozen strangers were attraoted to the cushions nnder the clook. The discourse' whioh inoluded a protest against a man leaving his wife and ohildren at home to go abroad and fight in adjeotive war, continued till twenty minutes past 3. The Admirable Criohton said the Judge invariably added a pious wish in passing the awtul sentenoe, and received a lesson in English. Mr. Ash—"Not alwavs." Mr. Wood— "I said invariably." Mr. Ash—"Isn't that the lame!" Mr. Wood to the Attorney-General— Is it the same ?" The Premier—" Approxicately." Mr. Wood was grateful for the .nformation. He objeoted to low orimmals ieing employed to adjust the rope. The Premier—"The position is not coveted by the •lite." Mr. Solomon (misohievously)—"It depends who is to be strung up." Mr. Wood •aid no further argument was needed against oapital punishment than that the Melbourne hangman suioided rather than execute Mrs.- Knorr. (Bosh.) Even the strong- minded Premier was moved when the life of Brown was pleaded for. The labour of murderers nuld be pro6tably utilized. Mr. Aeh—A week or two ago you were oomplaining of the competition of prison labour. As an anticlimax Mr. Short moved as an amendment to fnake the motion read— That all pnniahment be abolished now and hereafter. Mr. Moule on a point of order asked if the House had anything to do with the hereafter. The Speaker toot the amendment jooularly. (Hon- J. H. Howe—"We will all vote for it though.") We have nothing to do with the hereafter. ("Wish we hadn't.") Several members wished to snuff but the motion straightway, but Mr. Caldwell secured the adjournment till Ootober 31. The Philosopher of the Common Plaoe and Parliamentary Poet, Mr. Caldwell, took up a subject of praotical figures, the appointment of a Finanoe Committee. He did not start his history earlier than the memorable triumvirate—Messrs. Homburg, Johnson, and Furner—whose appointment to revise Estimates showed the neoeBsity for improved methods, and he drew his ohief support from Mr. Gladstone, whe regarded a Committee of Publio Acoounts as giving completeness to the system of Parliamentary control over Parliamentary money, beoause Parliament was not an administrative body. It was to be an honorary appointment. He would not be able to join it, but sevan other qualified members could be found. " Not so qualified as you," sneered Mr. Arohibald, oblivious of his own weakness for playing Sir Oracle. At ten minutes to 4 Mr. Homburg secured the idjoumment of the debate till October 3. "Dandy Willie, the wee baby of the House, six feet high in his stockings and muoh tdmired by the fair," asked the House for an lxpensive new toy—a polling- place in the Territory in »Iooality which after muoh difficulty had been fixed. The Premier said there .were three resident adults. " Blaok or white?" asked Mr. White, and Mr. Brooker irreverently replied " Piebald." Pending the Electoral Bill the debate was adjourned till Ootober 31, Mr. Solomon protesting. In an extremely apologetic speech Mr. Coneybeer took half an hour to ask for a Seleot Committee as to the Preiss's patent railway joint, whioh he olaimed meant lonper life to a line. The Engineer-in-Chief had a bias against it. Mr. Burgoyne judioially supported. At 4.40 Mr. Butler moved the adjournment of the debate; negatived by 30 to 14. Mr. Landseer wianed to enoourage South Australian inventive genius. Mr. McPherson extended the soope of the enquiry to R. A White's or any other invention for the same purpose. After Mr.- MoDsnald had spoken the Commissioner of Publio Works adjourned Aa debate for a fortnight. \- At 4.35 began the battle of the tariff, whioh asted till late at night. Mr. Riddooh was raooessful in referring to Committee the duties an freezing machinery. Mr. Ash's free breakfast table was divided upon as follows:— Abolition of duty on tea, for 16, against 23, lost by 7; on sugar, for 16, against 23. lost by 7; on ooooa, ooffee, and keinaine, for 16, against 25, lost by 9. Mr. Ash had the rare pleasure of leading the Labour party to the right of the chair. Mr. McPherson supported the proposal to wsimilate the duty on twine to the Victorian tariff, bat praised the looal article. Mr. Brooker, who is an unoontoious tr.imio of the Premier's mannerism, patronisingly ajlowed the motion to go, seeing there was a big majority for it. The motion was oarried on the voioes. Mr. Bartlett, Mr. White, and Major Caetine advooated the abolition of the duty on malleable ploughshares. The Treasurer opposed. The duty, IS per oent., was not excessive. Besides, we could make a good artiole. Mr. Ash—That shows the duty is not wanted. Mr. White- Have you tried it on stiff olay. The Treasurer—It is unfair to the manufacturer to out off the duty without notioe. Major Castine—Oh, that's good, after three years' notice. Mr. Freetrader Short said the Treasurer did not know anything about it. One imported share was equal to three local shares. The duty meant 5d. per share. The Hon. J. H. Howe noted that the total amount of duty received from ahares was £217. The Govern- ment Whip added to Mr. Howe's testimony the excellent character of the colonial article. Mr. Ash moved to strike out "malleable" share. The Chairman accepted the amendmnnt, but the Premier objecting he disallowed it OD the ground that the larger question *«i not remitted to the Committee. Major C»- liue—1 think you are right, Mr. Chairman. The divisiou gave the farmers a majority of 2, the numbers being and 'JO. The Treasurer opposed the remission of duties on cream separators. The butter industry was not entit'ed to a bonus at both ends. The machinery was being made in the oolony. Mr. Bartlett hoped the House would not listen to the Government, as many farmers were only gettmg 3d. per lb. for butter. Mr. McDunald stated that creameries were absolutely necessary, and yet the Government demanded 20 peroentrduly. Captain Randall broke silence amidst cheers, and remarked that the separators were patents, and oouid not be mide here. The bonus expired this year. Mr. White and Alajor Castine supported. The Premier blew the big Government trumpet for the delegation of farmers. The tremendous effort at tooting resulted in a perfeos "squeak," and Mr. Kingston explained that the Opposition squeak was oatchia^. The .Premier buttressed up Protection ai vigorously as if it were in danger. Mr. Cildwell— Proteocion gone mad. The Premier struck up the music for the deserving artisan. Mr. Archibald eloquently helped the Premier, and tried to enlighten Major Castine, but gave up the task, for ivhich the gallant member returned thanks. Mr. Caldwell expressed surprise at the Premier's claptrap. Victoria. New South Wales, Queensland, and Ne v Zaaiand had not imposed a duty. The bauus had stimulated the industry to overproduction. Mr. Solomon moved an amendment to add tue words after "cream separators" "which are protected by patents and are not permitted to be manufactured in the colony." Mr. Brooker reminded the Premier that his speech was applicable to twine, and talked till 6.20, despite cried against stonewalling. Mr. Griffiths tried to olosure the debate, and the Labour party called for a division, but were defeated by 22 to 21. Mr. Solomon's amendment was earned. Ao C.27 Mr. Batchelor seoured the floor, and talked the House into a late sitting as a protest against alleged gaggmg. After dinner he apologized for bridging members back, but it was reported the night before that the Labour party would force a late sitting because the Country party were getting too innoh their own way lately. In oonsequeuoe there was an acrid subflavour inthedebates. Mr. Johnson intimated that the farmers were proteotingthemselvesagainstthose who were trying to plaoe burdens on the land. Mr. Blaoker stated that the Labour members would have to go out farming shortly, and as they would want oreamenes in their interest tiiey should abolish the duty. Mr. Prioe and Mr. Griffiths, and Mr. MoPherson and Mr. Johnson, exchanged Pickwickian compliments. At half- past 8 the Government was defeated by 24 to 17. Mr. Solomon moved for the abolition of daty on such portions of mining maohinery and goldsaving appliances which are protected by patent and are not permitted to be manufactured here. The Treasurer piteously protested against leaps in the dark. They were eating into the revenue and opening the tariff. Mr. Grainger could not let the opportunity pass without showing how the Government were Buffering from ghosts. The Treasurer had promised nut to reopen the tariff. The Premier interfered with the [shmaelite, and learnt that he had no more pluck than a fowl. Mr. Johnson and Mr. Grainger provided a little oomedy in an effort to improve the text of the resolution. Mr. Grainger said Mr. Johnson's cold had gone to his head, and Mr. Johnson retorted that the buffoon must have his way. How mining experts love one another At 9 o'clock the Government defeated the motion by 19 to 18. Mr. Moule tried to abolish the 30s. per ton duty on corrugated iron, whioh, it is alleged, is imposed to employ two men and a boy, and Mr. Arohibald opposed. After the last division Mr. Grainger^ said the beBt thing to do when the Bill was brought down was to knock the whole thing out. Mr. Butler having seoured the twine oonoession forgot hiB friends. After an hour's disoussion the motion was negatived by 31 to 6. At 10 o'clock Mr. Riddooh urged the remission of duties on freezing machinery in order to start the export meat trade. That fair Oppositionist, Mr. Homburg, oonsidered that the Government had done enough for the industry, and voiced an altered tendency, namely, to undo all the tariff tinkering. South-Eastern members supported the oonc9ssion. An anomaly was pointed out by Mr. Poynton, who remarked that an inferior freezing maohine waa admitted free but the superior article oharged about £600 duty. Mr. Riddoch would not aocept an amendment to exempt patented parts of maohinery. The Treasurer opposed the proposal, as the Government had been sufficiently liberal. At twenty minutes to 11 Mr. Homburg and Mr. Grainger asked for an adjournment, whioh the Government refused. Mr. Riddooh, who wanted a fuller House, moved — "That the Chairman report progress." Negatived by 21 to 12. Further disoussion followed. Mr. Riddoch moved his motion again at 11.3 p.m., and oarried it by 22 to 12, the Labour party voting in the majority against the Government. The debate was adjourned till October 3. The Notice-paper «as rapidly oleared, and the House rose at 11.14 p.m. To-day the Assembly will oonsider the amended Customs Bill and the land, inoome, and absentee taxes. If the latter debate is closed early the Lake Bonney, South-Eastern Drainage, and other Bills are available for discussion. The Counoil have the Conciliation and Federal Counoil Bills in band. 