UNDER THE VERANDAH. No stronger indiotmont of the Government polioy of inaction has been made than that to whioh Mr# Deakin gave uttorance nt the Rotunda on Monday ovoninge The men who rolled un in his support evidently moan business. They have no desire to embarrass the Govern- ment or to make political oapital out of the situation ; but thoy let it bo clearly seen that if the present Ministers will not bestir themselves to cope with the prima they will have to mako way for others. Mr. Patterson would show snnun nrimlniM in wtnlilintt ffMIAofilllv vllfti: ItA Will eventually bave to ooncede grudgingly ; but ho appears to have wilfully blinded himself to tho gravity of. the position. Both lio and the irresponsiblo mentors by whoso advice he allows himsolf to be swayed know well that it is not now a question of " sundownors, spongers and sooial riff-raff," but of honest and willing, though workloss, workors, who have to sse thoir wivos and children starve for Iaok of employment Bishop Thornton, of Ballarat, is really a little unreasonable. The Age published a cabled re port of Canon Scott-Holland's leoturc, in whioh he uoousod the Churoh of England of being a byword, and the bishop said the eanon eouid never have said any suoh thing. .When tho Tima version of the lecture eamo out The Age naturally printed that portion of it whioh oon- tained the matter under dispute, and still Dr. Thornton remained unoonvinoed. The words used, he said, meant something quite different. Finally The Age printed the lecture verbatim, and the bishop, while admitting that the oanon had both mado and meant to make the aeeusation, oomplainod that It was most im proper for a newspaper to draw public attention to tho foot. Ho nnDears to forgot that he him- self by his premature contradiction was really responsible for the matter being so widely disonssed ; and now he has again re- tufnod to the oharge. Owls, he tells . us, dolight in discovering sun spots ; and ho hasn't " a word of angsr for 27te Age, although it runs down the Churoh of England.'.' The owl that discovered tho particular sun spot whoso existence Dr. Thornton thinks Bhould have been " kept dark " was a high dignitary of the ohuroh ; The Age merely announced tho die- covory to the world. But it 1b the Bishop -of Ballarat who took pains that the affair should booome known to cvoryone, though he now somo- what maladroitly tries to shift tho blame on to othor slioulderB. Tho Yiotorian Treasury is riobor by £20. The Viotorian Artillery poorer by a good man. A few woeks ago ono of the Queenscliff rank and file asked of his commanding officer permission to "go home." . "Saturday to Monday ?" re sponded -the officer. "You may go." But it trauspired that the "leave " required by our gunnor was unlimited. Further, he requested that his officer might come- to tho bank and certify to his identity. The identity was estab- lished, and the gunner praatieslly ontered-into a fortune of £10,000. By tho English mail of last woek lie went homo to take up his in- heritnnoo. The gunnor is tho son of n Ohuroh of England olerio highly plaoed. Four years ago, whilst still quite a youth, he came out here "dead broke," after running through a like aum to that whioh ho has now received. But four years' drill and discipline at Queenscliff have made a man of tho "gunnor. His last fortune is not likely to he dissipated after the. manner of the first. He goes to enter tho English army. Perhaps wo shall sse him again, not as one of tbe rank and file. It will not bo tho first time in Qneonscliff's history that tho man who did "sontry go" has beoomo an officer. Throo hundred pounds is a sum that will, no doubt, oomo in very handy in the modest house hold over whioh Mrs. Lamb presides, and thero " imouuuuu ui rue estaoiisument running short of one, at least, of tho priuaipat ingredients of mint sauoe for some time to come. Mrs. Lamb had, it soems, been having some high old times at Mr. Vest's danoing saloon, and Mr. Vest thought it neces sary to inform her ' husband j and this oonstitutad the alleged Blonder. Mr. "West appeals to havo taken exception to tho inartistic way in which the lady painted hor face, -whioh he considered was "not n good thing for young people to see," though I should have thought it might serve as a useful warning to thom not to interfere with the physiognomies nature had bestowed on thorn ; he considered she displayed too marked a preference for cer tain of his gontlomen pupils, thereby of oourse spoiling the ohanoos of the young unmarried ladlos who had perhaps joined his olass with an eye to matrimony ; and he asserted that alio in dulged somewhat toofrooly in the oup whioh only cheers by Inebriating, that she now and then sprawled on the floor in consequence, and that hor laugusgo partook of the free aud easy. The lady, who by hor own witness "owned' up" to taking ft couple of whiskies and a glass of' beer within 10 minutes, and who must havo got plenty of fun out of her lessons, is awarded n substantial solatium 'or her wounded footings. She admitted having said "D it, "butdonied tho other soft impeachments ; nnd n Sydney jury could not but sympathiso with one whoso ohiof fault lay in too olosoly imitating tho vigorous diction of tho New South Waloa Premier. It is greatly to bo doplorod that the following account of the gonoais and significance of Mr. Marshall Hull's now Idyll should not have been more widoly circulated. Only a few copies were in foot struok off, nnd theso wero distributed among a fow of tho professor's warmest ad mirers in order that thoy might be stirred up to lead tho amilauso with a full appreciation of tho oomposer's exaot moaning. A copy oamo into my hands by acoidcnt, and I hasten, In justice to a muoh misunderstood man, to plaoe it before my readers ! — Hey diddlo diddle Now list to my " Iddio," Which I wrote by the light of the moon, > With my bond full of notions — Hills, valleys and oceans— Inspired by the Sandridgo lagoon. ' Hey diddlo dlddloj The tliemo on tbo fiddle, Besponded to by the bassoon, - Tolls of two figures bounding . In maimer astounding, And suggests that they're etartlng to spoon; Hey diddle diddlo - - Tho thing is a riddle ; But this fnct you cannot impugn, In tlio whole of my V Iddle " . - - — ICnd, beginning or middle — .. . - " Thero Is never tho ghost of a tone. - Thoy aro' having something very like civil war In South O&rollna; over tho drink question. It Is always a difficult matter to mako peoplo virtuous by aot' of Parliament ; bnt tho liquor law passed by tlio; South Carolina legislators seems not only to havo failod in qucnohing tho publto thirst for spirituous refreshment, but to have aroused the worst passions of tho peoplo far more' than any alo'oholio indulgenoo could have done. In view of these latest develop ments tho statomont published by Governor Tillmaun in an American review, that " the dispensary system is a grand bucocsb as com pared to the saloon from any standpoint," strikes one as. being a' little "too provious." With all its faults the old plan nevor diovo the people of South Carolina to open revolt, as the new one has done. If it is a question of ." whisky or blood," even rigid abstainers may doubt the wisdom of pushing matters to ex tremities. I alluded last wook to a oaso of misplaood sympathy. Another friend of mino has a tale of quite a different kind to tell, though ono quite as intimately connected with an inju dicious display of tho emotion referred to.' He had let an unfurnished house, and the tenant had got behindhand in tho matter of rent ; so his agont, after milder measures failed, put tho bailiffs in. Next day the poor widow oamo and pleaded for meroy. Sho was expeot- Ing large sums by the next English mail, and she felt tlio' indignity very muoh. Would he .take pity on hor and requost iiis agent to removo those obnoxious men? He oonsented, with the result that the widow ' promptly "skippod by the light of tho'moon," taking every stick of furniture with hor. Tho story may not bo now, my f riond thinks ; but he has every reason to know that it is true, sinas it happened early in the presont week. Dr. Waldemar Bocckel has raised a whirlwind of disousslon respecting his leoturo on tight laoing and tight hoots. It is tho prinoipal topio at afternoon teas. It is introduced as a prominent " looal " in Paul Jones. Tho good looking members of the sex aro strongly defend ing their corsets and high heeled boots. Ono of thorn writes to mo " It's all very well for Dr. Boeokcl to satirise the modern society woman for tight lacing, but he knows very little about it. The Cingalese women at Colombo and tho Arab women at Port . Said, whoso figures he praises, If they don't wear corsets, wear what has the samo effoot— tight - bands of linen around the body. Why, 'stays ' aro even mentioned in tho Bible." The hot of anything being recorded in Holy Writ is not nowadays considered to ho muoh justification for Us oxistonoe, nnd until I read Isaiah I was dubious that oorsets were known'to the anoients. Dr. Roeokel, however, may havo tho satisfaction of knowing that If he has mado many women talk, he has also mado somo think, and tho good seed of a healthy fashion in dress has beta sown. In those days of reduced inoomes cvory little saving eo'unts, and ladlis residont in the metro polis would, do well to profit by the example of some of their sisters economising in the oountry. In a township not far distant a'farm nnd garden aooicty has been inaugurated by some of these eoonomista with a view to killing time and edu cating tbe. rustics. The prinoipleon whioh the soolety Is run Is the "donation." system, that is, donations, not to exoeed 10s., aro mado by the several ladies for prises, with the stipula tion that tho donors aro to become tlio posses sors of the exhibits gaining the prizes. For Instance, a ham or othor household requisite gaining tno prize (market value, say, £1) is handed oyer to tho donor of tho prize, tho luoky exhibitor resting content with 10s. and glory. Advocates of women's suffrage have hero a strong argument in its favor, as tho ladios of the sooiety have solved the problem of increas ing the purchasing power of 10s. to £L Cannot the Treasurer of the colony get a wrinklo from the outeness displayed by the ladies of tho soolety? The Irish people distrust Lord Roiohory. Ho is placing tbe welfare of the English iha'sses be fore Home Rule. Irish peoplo all over tbo world aro deeply impressed with tbo idea that tho affairs of their own little portion of tho British Empire are of paramount importance. Ireland's only olaim to muoh recognition is its proximity to England. If it were n few hundred milea further westward England might woll say " Erring Sister, Go in Peace." Then the Orango- mon and the Oatholio Agitators might fight it out. Tho result very possibly would bo like the battle of tho Kilkenny e&ts.; Lord Rosohory, however, will have the sympathy of all true Liberal. In his endeavor to improve the condition of tho masse, of Great Britain n I ', tl'. aeIfiflh aml wealthy mldillo clause! of England in the only way to touch them appealing to their fears. What might should Poverty and Hunger onco get the tj ' .r Hand of Law and Order? ATTIQUs. 