CHAPTER XVI.-MUnDEI. Robert stared for a moment after his cousin's retreating figure, and Felice felt his grasp upon her arm relax. Seizing the opportunity, she wrenched herself free, and made her escape by the shattered French window through which her husband had entered. Down the quiet garden she flew rather than ran in her dread of being pursued, until, her foot catching in the low hedge at the end, she slipped over into the fosse dividing the garden from the field beyond. Here, in the dry grass and dead leaves of last year, she remained a few moments,quivering and panting like a hunted animal. An overwhelming feeling of bitter dislike against her husband swept all coherent thoughts out of her mind. ' It is impossible to do anything else but hate him, and it is of no use trying,' she murmured to herself. 'I will run away, I will kill myself, I will work, and starve, and hide myself in any unknown corner of the earth rather than go back to him. His voice, his touch awakes in me a feeling that is absolutely murderous, for I could wish him dead whenever my eyes fall upon him. It may be wicked and horrible, but I shall not try to fight it down. I hate him, I hate him, I hate him ! Crouching in the fosse, with clenched hands, white resolute face, and long dark hair, dishevelled by her run, falling about her shoulders, Felice's appearance gained a fierce picturesqueness in keeping with her thoughts. She was in that state of emotional excitement when time is no longer measureable. It seemed to her that years had passed since she had found Maurice in the drawing-room less than four hours ago. A sense of physical cold and dis comfort at length asserted itself so strongly that she was forced back into consideration of her actual surround ings. The fosse was a capital hiding place, but in one sense an abiding shelter. Clearly she could not remain shivering all night in what was at best but a comparatively dry ditch at the bottom of the garden. Yet where could she go ? To sleep under Stoneroyd's roof whilst it sheltered her husband was impossib)e. Even before the arrival of Robert, she had decided that she 1 must leave Lady Fenton's house. The I home of Maurice Fenton could no longer be hers. It needed but a very little to break down the barrier of convential reserve £ and affected friendship between him and her, and to turn them into hope less lovers. She knew this now, and knew that Maurice, with all his chivalry and his unselfishness, was a man young, passionate, and impres- Z sionable, with a mind divided between romantic affection for her, and intense 1 scorn and dislike for her husband. t It was chiefly her dread ofa meeting between these two which bad prompted her to escape from Robert at the first opportunity. It would be worse than death, she felt,to stand there passively whilst he addressei to her in Maurice's presence a repetition of the coarse in suits he had already inflicted upon her. Maurice, as she knew well, had none of Marcus's philosophic calm. He I could not sit tamely by and see her who was"' as an angel in heaven to him " subjected to slanderous abuse and brutal violence. Again and again Lady Fenton had warned her not to let Robert revisit Stoneroyd, and had hinted darkly at the tragic conse quences which might ensue were her warnings disregarded. The storm which had so long been gathering abont Stoneroyd's haunted walls was break ing now, and Felice, crouching in her hiding-place, realised that the worst was yet to come. The voice of Louisa Greet, calling to her in subdued tones down the garden path, brought Felice to her feet. Ghost-like in her long, pale coloured gown in the dim light, she rose above the hedge which crowned the fosse, and Louisa, with an ex clamation of alarm, rushed to her side. 'Oh, my dear-my dear, ah thought as how you'd run off for ever when ah couldn't find you! Ah saw you run through the winder, and a'most as soon as you'd gone, in come Mr Maurice, and that there devil begging your pardon, moom, as he's your husband, but Mr Rbert-he turned on Mr Maurice, and begun to set on him as he'd done to iMr Marcus. And hoomthing he says aboot yvoi-- there, ah ca~'t tell yer ! but Mr Maurice, - egiyýy n kind o' shout, 'You lying hound !' he says, and gives Robert a blow in the mouth wi' the back of his hand which sent him staggering. 'Ah luved him for that! But Mr Robert, he 'oop and curses horrible, and tries to throw himself on Mr Maurice, and says other things for which he deserves hanging, ah do say. But Mr Maurice cuts him short by taking him by the throat and shaking him as if he wur a rabbit. "You profane her name again, and ah'l1 kill you !" he says. Then Mr Robert, he tries to carry on the same game, and Maurice knocks him down. And on that, Lady Fenton coom in. Robert was lying on the floor with his face all bruised, and Maurice was standing over him, looking like a tiger in a rage, red an' his eyes a-glittering. My lady, she looked more dead than alive when she seed them. "What have you coom for ?" she asks Robert, " To look after my wife," he says. And Maurice calls to Lady Fenton to 'a done talking wi' the fellow an' turn him out of the 'ouse. Then he flings out of the room, and calls for me. Ah was in the garden, listening like, and goes to him in the hall. " Where's Mrs Fenton ?" he asks me, quite wild like. " Louisa," he goes on, "you'le a good creature. Warn her, keep her away. Don't let her come back to the house while that find is here. Ah can't trust myself," he says, an' his voice sounded all hoarse hlke an' strange. "If she comes back," he says,"an' he annoys her, ah must kill him." And ncw, my deary, you must just keep away. There'll be murder done this night if Robert stays, as he says he will, and if you coom back, and the four of you sleep in this 'ere 'ouse to-night. Don't you do it, moom. You just stay at old Grierly's to-night, till things is a bit straight like, and, maybe, they'll get Master Robert to go away. Or would you leifer go further away, down to the town ? ' 'How can I, in this dress, with no hat or cloak ? ' 'Just you wait at the lodge, an' ah'll bring yer things. That oid lump o' clay, Grierly. won't take no notice of yer. Eh, but you do look fair crazed. Dcn't you mind, my deary. You're so pretty, ah don't wonder three gentlemen's quarrelling over yer !' But Felice's shudder of horror clearly indicated that flattery on that head was extremely distasteful to her, and Louisa was forced to confine her never-ceasing talk to soothing generalities, as she led Mrs Fenton by the stable-yard and the long-disused drive to old Grierly's lodge. Here Louisa left her, seated, in duthb apprehension and excitement, on the one side of Mr Grierly's table while on .the other the host presided in his accustomed stolid silence, which had been lhr no way disturbed by the advent of his unexpected visitor. 'Eh! He's either the deepest old fox as ever robbed a farm-.yard, or the biggest fool in creation!' was Louisa's comment, as she peeped through a chink in the Venetian blind, and saw how, having bolted the door and and resumed his pipe at Felice's suggestion, the lodge-keeper was sitting cross-legged by the-- fire, with no more expression in his wrinkled face, or sign of life about his whole figure than if he had been a wooden image, carved for the adorn m?ent of a tobacconist's store. It was to reconnoitre, and, if possi ble, fetch back Felice's walking clothes, that Louisa returned to Stoneroyd. In spite of her honest affection for Mrs Fenton, the excitement of a 'row' in the house exercised considerable,. fascination over her, and she had with difliculty restrained herself from lustily cheering, and even joining in the fray, which she had witnessed fom the drawing-room window. The house seemed quiet enough as she returned to it. Since his dis cussion with Robert, Marcus Gilmore had altogether effaced himself, retir ing to bed with a novel, and an extra powerful dose ot his favourite 'nerve sedative.' As to Maurice, he had dashed into the dining room, there to pace up and down the boards like a caged lion, followed by the gentle, wondering eyes of Tweedie. (To be Continued ) 