AMUSEMENTS. Another well-filled house greeted the Lili- <*> putian company on Saturday evening, when the Christmas pantomime "Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves" was again repeated to the satisfaction of the audience. The little principals threw themselves into their work with a vim, and the performance conse quently went briskly from the rising to tbe falling of tbe curtain. The beautiful Btage pictures from the brush of Mr. George Gordon, the handsome costumes, and the pic turesque grouping of the children once more aroused the admiration of the audience, who gave expression to their approval in an unmie takable manner. " The Fony Thieves" will be repeated this evening and throughout the week. The short season of the " Myriorama" and gift entertainment at the Bijou Theatre was Drought to a close on Saturday evening. There was a fairly large attendance, and Miss Bella Sutherland's interesting description of the beauties of Continental scenery was listened to with evident pleasure, the musical selections v lending variety to the entertainment, and the distribu tion of gifts with which the performance closed Bent tfae audience home in a good humor. To-night the Bijou Theatre will hold itself conspicuous among amusements for the Kew Year by being engaged by a genuine dramatic company '^roduoing IrUh comedy. Mr. J. P. O'Neill will show what he can do with Myle& na-Coppleen in " The Colleen Bawn." He ia an aotor who can favor his audience with untiring humor and move them to tears with natural pathos. No Irishman nor Irishwoman should cuss seeing this company of Irish actors and actresses. Day tickets can be obtained at ArmtxustFr'e and seats may be booked at P. A. Uowells & Ca's. Tne Fitzgerald Brothers' spacious marquee in Wakeiield-Etreet was again crowded to overflowing on Saturday night, the audience being a most enthusiastic one. The pro gramme provided for tbe amusement of the patrons of the circus was as varied as it was entertaining, and so rapidly were the *' turns" carried out that the audience was quite carried away. There is not a dull moment during the whole performance, while the acts peculiar to the arena of "spangles and sawdust" are supplemented br a number of novel and startling acrobatic and equestrian feats which cannot fail to rivet tbe attention and command the applause of the audience. The sensational steeplechase with which the performance concludes is carried out in excellent style, the fences being taken at full gallop and the finish being intensely exciting. Another matinee witi be given to i day, and as the season will positively close on Tuesday evening the last performances should be visited by crowded audiences. The cowboys connected with Montgomery and Moreny'e Circus company gave an exhi bition of horsemanship illustrative of wild west life on Saturday afternoon, on the old Exhibition Grounds. The troupe, headed by Bronco George, performed a number of feats including lassoing wild bullocks, buckjumper riding, and picking up objects from the ground whilst riding at full speed, and were eminently successful] in interesting the large number of spectators. _ . Montgomery &*Mbreny's circus performed before a good house at Port Adelaide on Satur day evening. A capital programme was given and the company met with a hearty welcome at the hands of the audience. This evening the circus will make its last appearance in Port Adelaide, when there should be a crowded attendance. Among the many holiday attractions the Cydorama of Waterloo makes a big bid for popularity. During today and tonight vi&itorswill; receive the handsome Christmas cards horn the management. In the evening there is to be a further attraction, when a beautiful illusion will be added entitled "The Ghost of Napoleon." 