THE 00ALBAGGIE GHOST. MORE UNCANNY DOINGS. The Troubled Family. Interview with One of Their Number —An. Endeavor to Solve the Mystery— The History of tho Visitor — Some Interesting Conversations— The House Set on Fire. Mr. Jacob Stoiu, ono of the family at Coalbaggie, Dubbo, which has been troubled by the supernatural doings of an invisible visitor, has been interviewed, and has made several more statements of wonderful occur rences in addition to thoso already published. The continuation of the manifestations, to the great annoyance of the family, induced Mr. Jucob Stein, the eldest son, and tho hoidor oi 25G0 acres, to visit Dubbo on Sunday last, with a view to obtain such assistance as would enable u solution of tho mystery. Mr. Stoin called at tho office of the Dunr.o Disi'atcii, and, in the presenco of sovcral woll-knowu gentlemen, told a tnost ex- tranrdinary tnlo, hearing out in every particu lar what had been previously published — showing, iu fact, that what was said was only a part of what had occurred almoBt continuously during the four years tho Stein family havo been on tho Coalbaggie. But tn his own words we will lei him tell his tale. What age are you, Mr. Stein, and how long havo you bocn on the Coalbaggie? — I am going on for 29 years, and with ray father and the rest of us I came hers about four years ago. My father took up one aelcotion on South Balladoran, and I took up the other. Tbcy aro about three miles apart. When did these annoyances commence?— From tho first day wo went there. Tbcro was, I may toll you, auold hat on the ground when we took it up, and wo heard noises there first. Then when the new place waa built it commenced in earnest. It chttckod candlesticks, furnituro and every thing else about. It hammered the tin dishes, and you could see tho dents in tho dishes afterwards. It started to taik to us then, but siuco Father Bolger and Father Moylan wero out it has not talked so much. It was quiet for some time aftorwaras. Has it told yau what it ii, or anything of its history ?— Yes, it has often said that its mother and sister were burned to death in the hut. The mother wus ironing, and her drcBS caught fire. He said an auut and uucle lived across the creek, and the mother when she was dying gavo £G0 and a gold watch to tho aunt, asking hor to keep them for her boy and take, care of him. The uncle, a man named — nit him upon tho bead with the handle of a stockwhip and loft him for dead on tho road. Have you ever seen anything, Mr. Stein ? — Well, ono night mother and I were silting in the room by the fire, and clods were pelted at us, as if by some person in the fireplace. Wo looked and saw a strango figure. It had tile body of a child, about five years aid, and a tnost peculiar face, with, a whitish beard on it. I went to catch it and it disappeared. On another occasion 1 saw somothing like a hand coming over a box, and when 1 triad to grasp it thorc was nothing. When you heard it talking did tho things move about? — Yos, wliilo it talked outside, as it were, the furniture and other things would bo knocked about inside. In fact, in four diflorent places the racket would be going on. It nsad to catch tho bedsteads and shako them violently, and while this was taking placo a few yards away tits crockery would be smashed at tho santo time. Ou one occasion it took up a crucifix which was in tho house, broke it ta picceB, and flung the bits in our faces. At another time some blessed candles brought from Dubbo wero broken into bits before us and cast at us. Tho candles and crucifix wero quite uninjured a minute or two before, and without our seeing what was doing it, they wore pulled to pieces and cast at ns. Was any person outside the family in tho house at any timo when these occurrences Wore going on? — Yes, why only the other day it attempted to set lira to tho house in four different places, and it also sot firo to my sister's clothes, and did other things, and this can- be testified to by Mr. M'Leod, who is now in Dubbo, and a Mr. Dwyer, who with bin son . was at onr place at tho time making arrangements for tho purchase from ns of 1UD0 sbeop. When did it appear laBt ? — On Friday and Saturday last it was very had, and it took ' us all wo could do to prevent it burning down the place. Wo can smell like fire before we see it, and tbo house will be on fire in four places at once, and the bed- olothes aud articles of femalo apparel also burning. It has beou suggested, Mr, Stein, that one of your family is a ventriloquist, and that accounts for. some of the manifesta tions? — Whenever I hear this — aud I have heard it said several times — I get real " narked." I wish thoso who offer this solution had the thing tied round their neck. Then they would know if it was a ventriloquist. It is, I assure you, a regular torment to us, and it is driving my lather and mother real mad. My opinion is that it is a live spirit, possessed of tho devil. Have you aeon anything at any other timo than you havo told us? — Well, on oue occasion, it camo in tho shape of u bear, got up on the wall of the kitchen, and when we went to chase it away it disappeared in a white smoke. On another occasion a bic mouse, about a font long, camo on tho roof" and it mysteriously moved about. Again it took tho shape of a kangaroo, and an other day a wallaby was near the house, and is would not shift for my sisters. They tried to put the dogs on it, but the dogs came back with their tails between their logs. My brother and mysolf put two kangaroo dogs on to it, and it ran into the creek and disappeared as if into the ground. The dogs came out on tho other side, look ing terribly terrified, but tbero was no wallaby. That night it talked to ui, and said it could appear in any shape — that it was tho wallaby which wo were chasing. It said it could appear as a lizard or a Bnake, or any shape it liked. It told ut it was no uso bringing out the priests. It said it would haunt us and torment us not only while we were on the Coalbaggie, but would follow us abonc wherever we went. Yon say it has talked to you very fre quently ?— Weil, ycB ; bnt not so much during the last low months. It lalkB In two voices, aud sometimes speaks sensibly chough, while at others it seems quito mad, and uses language which could not he beaten by the lowest Sydney larrikin. It bids us the time of day, and when I have remonstrated with it for its actions, it says it is only having a bit of fun. I onco said to it that thcro was not much fun in breaking crockery and generally knocking things about, and it told me It couldn't help it, for when its mother caught fire it was taking Bonis crockery out, and the shock was so great that it dropped it. Since then its farorito amusement has been smashing up the crockery. It has dona, from first to last, £100 worth of damago, and you may be suro if it was one of ourselves wo would not wasto money like that, NotlongBinco it went into the kitchen, and in the presence of throo or fonr took down the frying-pan, placed it on- tho fire and pnt six eggs in it. Tho frying-pan could bo seen moving and the eggs put in it, but the agoncy which moved it was invisible. It was no wonder that we are scared whan these things take place. Why, ; even the dogs know when it is about. You can hear it talking to them, and they look in mortal dread, their hair standing up and their eyes bulging out of tboir heads. It talks in two voices, and somotimos bo loudly that it ought to be heard a mile away. Does it ever sing, aud are the Bongs up to date?— Yes, it tings, and it seema to kno . 4 all sorts of songs. - Two in particular ii scams to be very foud of, '.' The Banks of the Clyde" and "Tho Ship that Never Returned." It sings the Its one pretty fair, but it is quite horrible to hear it siDging " Tho Banks of tbo Clydo "—it's quite sickening. It does not trouble me at my selection so mach as it troubles them at father's place. It sometimes comes and takes my tools when I am at work, and' plants them, I find them afterwards, howover. We aro quite full about it. The family will come into Dubbo, and tnen tt can bash away. . Do you suspect any noighbors of being concerned? — No, we ars on the best terms with every one, and the nearest neighbor is living nearly three miles away. I havo really no conception of what the thing is, beyond that I honestly believe it is a live spirit, possessed by the devil, and having tho power of making itself invisible. Why, the night when we wore praying, and -is lifted up the table towards the celling, there wero present my fathor and mother and fonr of my sisters. Not one of them touched the tabic", bat it went up just the same. Regardingjiiteso peculiar phenomana— -and it may bo said Mr, Stciu is a iovel-hoaded man, with moro than tho average intelli gence, and lie told tho above beforo gentle men holding tho highest positions in tho town— the following, which appears in Saturday's Melbourne AROE9, may be deentod apposite: — Mr. D. M'AIpino read an interesting paper beforo the mem bers of the Victorian Society for Psychical Research on Friday evening, the Rev. Dr. C. Strong being in tbo chair, npon the sub ject of "Materialisation," in which he described what he saw at several seances held at his own houso aud in other persons' houses by two professional lady mediums, ono of Sydney and tho other of Prahran. Mr. M'Alpine stated that after cvory pos sible precaution against fraud bad been taken more than a dozen figures ap> peated one after another iu front of the enrtain, which screened the " medium'' from her audience. The figures appeared to bo those of men, women, and children, ono particularly friqucnt visitor being a small black girl. Ail tho figures were clothed in whito glistening garments, and many of them spoke to tbo audience and answered questions addressed to them. Mr. M'Alpiuo himself shook hands with ono of the figures, which described it self as "a Gcordio Thompson," of Aber deen, and spoke with a strongly marked Aberdeen accent. This figure ate a por tion of a "bannock" which bad been brought for it by a lady visitor. The little black girl, who answered to tho name of " Cissie," ulso ato a chocolate which was given tn her, and after conversing on one occasion for more than five minutes slowly dissolved before the eyes of the audience antii nothing was left but a black smiiing face, and then that too disappeared. . I'rinco Ferdinand of Bulgaria has been successful in having order restored at Sofia. Non-unionists are being largely employed in tho United States coal districts to roplaco the strikers. 