IRELAND. THE LATE FB. LEMIBE. The death of a distinguished French priest (says the Irith Catholic) well known to many in Ireland, is announced from Port-of-Spain, Trinidad, where the Very Bev. Fr. Lemire, C.S.Sp., died on the 30th June last. From the issue of tiheTrinidad Catholic News of 6 th July, which has just reached us, we learn that Fr. Lemire was attacked by yellow fever, and that although at first his recovery was anticipated, he succumbed to that terrible disease on the date just mentioned. From the same paper we gather the following facts:—Fr. Achilla Lemire was born at Vieux-Berquin, near Hazebrouck, in French Flanders, in 1868. His parents still live there, as well as other members of his family; and bis brother, the well-known AbbA J. Lemire, is professor at the College of Hazebrouck and Deputy for that town in the French Chamber of Deputies. It will be remembered that he was one of the Deputies who Was seriously wounded in the Chamber lately by the bomb of the Anarchist Vaillant. Before joining the Congregation of the Holy Ghost at the 8en>inary at Chevilly, near Paris, Fr. Lemire became Bachelier es Lettres et Sciences, of Paris, and also took a degree at Lille. In the novitiate at Chevilly he was remarkable for earnestness, application to his studies, and a reserved character, which showed clearly enough the sincerity of his Teligious vocation and the realisation of its responsibilities. Beneath that quiet exterior there were latent, however, great natural gifts, moulded for good and high purposes by religion, forming what the French describe as an atne d'elite. Fr. Lemire's first work. in. Ireland was undertaken in the well-known University College, Blackrock. As yonng as twenty-three he was ordained priori, and in 1883, two years after he haa made his religious profession, he proceeded to BLackrock. Here he acted as professor, and afterwards at Bockwell, County Tipperary, he filled a similar position up to 1888. In this year Bishop Moore, of Ballarat, Australia, then on a visit to Ebrope, applied to the Superior-General of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost for priests to found a college and a mission in his diocese. His .application was acceded to, and among the several priests of the Congregation who started for Australia in September that year wis Fr. Lemire. Previous, however, to their departure for Australia, Fr. A.Lemire, together with his brother the Abb£ J. Leimre, had a long intemewmth,^ Manning,; at,his Eminence's palace at West-: minster. Tbp results of that interview were, embodied by Fr. Lemire, together with the Incidents and impressionsof his voyage to Austndia, in a work of gnat literary merit entitled ^D'liiandeen Austratie." Fr. Lemire,' on ariival atBallarat, was appdinteflto; the pariah of "Maryborough, at s^paj luilpsdistance .from that town of gold- t Shfe: parish -dicing itakriat' immense extent; but the young parish pri?*t ignored alike distances and difficulties, made himself all in all to his congregation, won their confidence and sympathy, and by 1892, when he returned to Europe, he had, by bis religious zeal, his tact, and administrative ability, made a flourishing parish of Maryborough. Popular feeling in Trinidad had been deeply moved by the death of Fr. Lemire, and the opinion is freely expressed that a great power for I good has been lost to the colony. Ever 1 since the arrival of the good Driest at Port-of-Spain, in November, 1892, he had striven to serve its people in every way. Writing about his labours ana , their results, the Catholic Newt says:— "A keynote was to be found in Fr. Lemire's work,"D'Irlande en Australie," j to his character and great qualities. ! There is no difficulty in finding at once • in it why he in so short a time ingratiated himself with the local public, : and so understood local conditions and wants, though a perfect stranger to the . Island. He had only applied to Trinidad 1 that broad-minded and sympathetic appreciation of national characteristics which he bad done for Ireland and England and other countries he visited. ; He looked at a people from the point of view of the people themselves, and compared these notes, not with national antipathies and prejudices, but with principles of justice and religion which are for all countries. Thus it was that he became a cosmopolitan in the best sense of the word—that is, as a Christian philosopher, and not as an indifferent and blasi traveller. With his brother Abb4 Lemire, who has studied the social questions of the day, and whose work on Cardinal Manning has won a great reputation, he realised and entered into the necessity of the day to improve the relation between the classes and the masses, t nd save the latter from the evils of Socialism and an economic tyranny which crushes body and soul. In his brother's work there are parts which reflect his views and are with good reason attributed to his pen. And in Trinidad he was using St. Mary's College as a pivot of action for the great part of good he saw himself in a position to effect in a colony with which at the voice of religious obedience he had cast his lot. The Catholic community in general, and the Creole or truly Triuiaadian section of it in particular, can understand the important personality of Fr. Lemire. He has fallen at the post if duty he occupied for their welfare, and it is the instinctive recognition of this fact, without looking deeper than the surface of things, which is the cause of the great and general regret at his death. He has not lived in vain among us, short though the time has been. May fie rest in peace!" 5 The Congregation of the Holy Ghost fas lost a worthy member by the death of this holy and learned priest. 