The Capital of the Downs. Toowoomba is the capital of the Darling Downs. The name is a native one, aud signifies 'the gather ing of the waters,' a pecuUarly appropriate designa tion, for round and about the town are Ecores of springs and running brooks. Toowoomba- was not always the chief centre of the Downs — indeed, it was not until the early sixties that it becamc the social and commercial capital. It was in -1841 that » body of , men, who were destined to have great and command ing influence on yueensiana, came over xrom me r*ew England districts of the mother -colony. ? They had heard of the exceeding richness of the , Downs country, and they brought their flocks and'herds and families, and settled down— tuch men, for instance, as Russell, Hodgson, Gore, King, Macarthur, Miles, and others—men who left their mark on i he political history of Queensland. . They occupied the land which stretchts out from Toowoomba in the direc tion of Drayton, and a small township was established at Cambooya, a place about 11 mileB from Toowoomba. Cambooya was thus the first township of settlement formed on the western elope of the Main Range. -It was there the Commi sioner for Crown Lands and his orderlies took iip their abode, and the residence which they occupied still stands, having weathered the storms* of; over 50 years. But the squatters were dissatisfied with the position. At a place called Drayton there were many good springs of water, and it was determined to make this the township. The principal objection raised to Cambooya, it must be confessed, was that the town would be in the centre of the runB, Bind the old-time squatters were averse to settlement near tbeir estates. .The Government of ^ew ..South Wales, acting upon the advice of the squittfejs, sent Sir.., Bureett, the gentleman who subsequently laid 'outthe city of Bathurst and the town of -Wairwiek, to survey Drayton, and to plan it out as a town, ME. WM. THORN, M.L.A., AUBIGNEY. (From a photo, by Thomas Mills, Toowoomta.) which, lie . did, and at t)ie, same . time he surveyed a large number of ..farms Jto the east of the town, -.a*, portion.. r of lend - which ut was held would make pa ' capital su|mrb -to* Drayton. Tfiie irony of fate converged. %e)LL' suburb ' into „£he town; of Toowoopib% whfle l3rayton became a quiet little hamlet, with a rather mournful past. Drayton, which is four miles from Toowoomba, is really a very pretty place, and as a site for a town must have appealed strongly to the artistic percep tions of Mr. Burnett. It grew rapidly, and in 1816 a man well known as ?? Bill ' Horron built the first public-house, and called it the ' Bull's Head,' and it remained the principal house of the district until 1860\. Here everybody met everybody, and all the business of the district was transacted. In the yard was a famous well, around which many traditions cluster, some of which would not bear repeating. In time a courthouse was established, and a clerk of petty sessions placed m charge. Then, of course, the people went in for litigation, and a monthly court became a necessity. ' Court- day ' ' was a red-letter time for Drayton. All the squatters made a point of coming into the township, and business and pleasure were cleverly combined. Drayton thus became an important centre, and, as the Go vernment of New South Wales commenced to sell land round the township,- a farming population speedily set the plough in motion. Town allotments were also being disposed of, and buildings were being erected. Now, this necessitated the use of much timber, and in a short time some score or two fencers, splitters, and timber-getters were at work on the main range, near what is now known as Toowoomba. These timber-getters were really the first settlers in Toowoomba. In a short time quite 400 men, women, and children were getting a living — anda very good one — from the timber patches on the hills, and it became necessary to provide for their wants, the first ' long-felt want ' being a public-house. Drayton, quite unconscious of the fact that a rival township was springing up, was steadily enlarging its borders and growing rapidly. The principal street, 'Brisbane-street,' presented quite a fine appearance, and land was selling at so much a foot. Four public-houses and a similar number of stores graced the street, and there were not a few private residences. At that time the Darling Downs and the Clarence River districts were included in the one electorate, and, if I mis take not, the first election was fought out be IN THE TOOWOOMBA BOTANIC GARDENS. ; v V V :: (From a photo, by J. Bain.) ?' v, - . tween Mr. Clark Irving and Mr. Colin John Mac kenzie. The agent of one of the candidates visited tbe timber -getters on the western slopes. The men were away from home, but the worldly-wise agent shook hands with the women and children, and left , a sovereign or so ia every palm. Strange to say, the principal of this agent was returned at ther bead of the poll. Later on, when the Darling Downs was formed into a separate electorate, a contest took place between Dr. Lang and Mr. Arthur Hodgson, and the result ;was as follows :' Lang,- 50; Hodg son, 49. There were not many labour voters in thoBS good ol3 days, when ' the Downs would not grow a cabbage.' In 1858, when the Cowper Reform Act. came into operation, Dravton . was a big place, and one of the storekeepers, Mr. William- Hancock, was chosen to contest tbe seat for the Darling Downs in conjunction with Mr. John Do'uglas (how the ad- , minis trator at Thursday Island), in opposition to Mr. J. D. Maclean. The numbers were as ' fol lows, and it is needless to say there were a few sore heads both before and after the declaration:— Douglas, 358 ; Hancock, 355 ; Maclean, 352, During these progressive stages population was steadily pouring over the Main Range and the timber settle ment was advancing. All stores came from the head of navigation— Ipswich — aud ali wool went to that important centre. The teamsters, after making the ascent of the Range, invariably camped for a few I days on the tableland at the summit before proceed- ! ing to Drayton and beyond it to Warwick and other parts of the Downs, which were becomiug populated. Thus it was Toowoomba gradually assumed shape. Separation was granted to Queensland in 1859, and this led to the immediate opening up of the country to the west of Toowoomba towards Dalby, and when this was done the life of Drayton was immediately threatened. A short cut was discovered through Toowoomba and the Mort Estate to the Gowrie road on to the west, leaving Drayton out of it alto gether. The teamsters were not slow to take ' full advantage of this, and Toowoomba sud denly found itself the great camping place for those who carried the traffic from the east to the west before the advent of railways. In 1860 the supremacy of Toowoomba over Drayton was estab lished, and the bulk of the population migrated from the latter town, and took counsel, together to make the new town the capital of the Downs. In 1860 Toowoomba was declared a municipality, and 17 candidates offered themselves for the nine vacant chairs. Mr. W. H. Groom was returned at the head of the poll, and was elected the first Mayor, a posi tion which he occupied for three consecutive years. Then the town grew steadily, and when in 1863 the contract was let for a railway from Ipswich to Toowoomba it was recognised as the most important town out of Brisbane, Ipswich perhaps excepted. Four years later, Messrs. Peto, Brassay, and Betts, the great English railway, contractors, completed one of the most wonderful pieces of railway engi neering in Australia, and it was a matter for re joicing when the Main Range had been subdued and laid under the dominion of two steel rails.- The railway was opened for traffic in 1867, Mr. John Watts, the then Minister for Works, performing the necessary ceremony, being assisted by Mr, St. George R. Gore, Postmaster- General, while - the Royal Artillery fired a royal salute as the first tram steamed into the station. Toowoomba at the present time has all the aspects of a very flourishing provincial town. It is well laid out— with wide streets (many of them beautified with - poplar, plane, and camphor -laurel trees), . imposing public buildings, elegant shops and offices, and ' hundreds of charming private residences. It is. altogether an attractive town, save in wet weather, , when the red soil becomes quite too affectionate. Unfortunately the town is built in a hollow, thanks to the acquisitiveness of one of the early pioneers' who had an eye to the future. Immediately around the town are many fine slopes, but they .are- .fenced . in, and devoted to no better use than the growing of .. green stuff. The retaining of these paddocks as grass lands has had the effect of driving,, the resi dents to settle at some little distance from the town proper, and Toowoomba consequently has a broken and scattered appearance. Hid the town been built ou the western plateau, it would, iu point of site and probably in picturesqueness, have surpassed -any. . town in the two colonies. . The town is placed on the summit of the Great Dividing Range, at an elevation of 1 9i 40. t above sea level, and' the appearance of it from the railway . .approaches is. captivating. There is nothing nasty or ;sterile.in T-riwopmba ;pr its environments ; .on the oantjfury, jptJtpt&isto; the traveller. It is a place of homes,' of pretty gardens, and of fruits .and, bright flowers. Th-3 soil is a deep red, easily worked,, and peculiarly adapted for easy cultivation. ; Trees are everywhere, round every home, aud in msitiy of the public streets, while the churches are almost hidde in their, deep . shadows. - TsoWoomba l'.ns itt own distinctive ..colour, ev^rytVimg partakes of it— white things become ' . dirty, red, and the fine dust which the' soil . giyCT forth, stamps man and- beast, and all .inanimate nature. In wet weather the.red soil is all-powerful, aud makes AIR. ARCHIBALD ~MUI\£0, ? Matob of Toowoomba. travelling unpleasant ; while it is apt to find its way into clothes and remain there despite the best efforts of the laundry-maid. The green grass stands out out from the.red soil, and, as may -be supposed, the combination of colours gives the. town, more espe cially after a shower, a rich and striking appearance. According- to the.last census, .the population of Too w3ombawasl0.800,aqdtba,t'of.thepuburbs— including Drayton, Highfields, Grow-'s Nes.tviWestbrook Areas, and smaller places— about 19,-000,: making a total population for . the town and district of 30,000. 'Yearly this number is being. added, to, as people from all parts of the colony — those who have made a for tune and those who desire to wrest a competence out of tbe soil — turn their attention to the fertile lands which surround Toowoomba. Nor is this to be won dered at when it is remembered that the Downs has the finest climate without exception in Queensland. The town of Toowoomba has a climate as changeable as a woman's whims. The clouds which come up from the sea generally break over the place, and the people receive the full benefit of these operations. It is possible to catch three colds a day in the main street, and then to get rid of them by driving a short distance out and enjoying a bath in the sunlight which floods the hills. ' The Toowoomba people pride themselves on the circumstance that they ' never die. and they vow that there would be no mortality statistics as fur as they are concerned were it not for the fact that a percentage of the sick ones who visit their towii in search of health occasionally give up the ghost. ? It is worthy of record that the mortality in Toowoomba and district is lower than that of any other part of Australia, aud probably of any country in the world. Toowoomba has vice-regal patronage ; for it is the custom of the Queensland Governors to spend a few months every year near the town. In fact, 10 acres of laud have been reserved near the Main Range as a site for a summer residence of the Governor. As residence sites, for nine months out of twelve, the eastern slopes of the Main Range are unequalled iu any j)art of Austral:a. Protected from the westerly winds, th.eclip-ate is perpetual spring ; frosts are un known, and garden produce,, of, all kinds may be Brown all the year round. Flowers thrive luxuri antly. _ During August, Septepiber, and October daffodils, narcisMis, primroses, wjiUflowers, pansies, an a.ai L bulbous, no ?rers_ in a v. l-ejeeey ? i □ everv cottage. Xhore are:1 4;^-lacp^££. *jn the town, in eluiiiHga JewiR fjnagogM aqd t^e Salvation Army hall. hjjnoo.SHre pr^dte and public. 7 5 '.t ?re.--^?Pr'£rli': where secular, free, State eoucatjoci while two are con ducte 1 in- cqim^ctioia. . Roman Catholic Church.. Th'e,privateipc5j(iol8.'are ainong the best in the. calonv, and- thev receive-pup;ils from everv part of Queeuskntl, There is a.Stite gyammsr school, a tiua, impusing bu:Mingrc.n,oii^;-of the hills, and it is always Wfl-L filled. ?I'l the towu. there is a mechanics' institute or school of art',', where, nwy be found a capital reading-room, library,; and the various ac cessories which g- to -ma^ a- papular institution. Masonic lodges, Oddfellows' a^peijitions, and manv ?- temperance, a&d; Jjanefit sOcielipstrsceive strong sup ? port, while from asopi aj .po . n t .th fre are many sport ing .associations, the D&rling; J^ojvns Club, and the Oasis Club. Of; 'course, ftliejtow^ is well supplied ? with water and, gafc^/jferys %^ciod crib service, aud, . indeed, ev^y. c^v^'ie^ /ulHai a reasonably : . ? JCmti -'fad M'-fiiufi-yill.J man is likely to look for. Toowoomba is not simply an agricultural centre. Among . its in dustries are flour mills, sawmills, breweries, foundries, boot factories, tanneries, soap factories, fellmongering establishments, and many smaller, but not less important industries. In ail industrial way the town is on tbe up-grade, and agents from the leading metropolitan houses are settling on the Downs, and conducting branch establishments. The public institutions are the Post acd Telegraph Offices, Railway Offices, Works Offices, court house, gaol, Industrial School for Girle. In Margaret-street the ground floor of a large block of buildings is occupied by the officers of tbe public lands, public works, and defence force, whilethe upper story is devoted to the busi ness of the ass.'zes, the District Court sittings, and the police court. There are also various offices, and the whole block is surmounted by a clock tower, in which is fitted a large four-faced clock. A hand some luna'ic asylum, which generally contains from 200 to 300 inmates, is fituated some little distance out of the town. The public hospital is situated on cue of the best sites around the town, and it is an elegant and commodious structure, while the grounds are beautifully laid out with ornamental trees and shrubs. In looking at the external and internal ar rangements of the institution, the visitor is almost tempted to become s ck in order to enjoy the many solid advantages which it offers. The Town Hall is one oi the best buildings in the place, and is graced with a fine ball npjliuites of rooms. The fire brigade station is a credit to the community, and is thoroughly well equipped. There are other imposing structures in Toowoomba, which serve to add to the solidity and well- being of an important and thriving centre. Toowomba is the centre of the Southern and Western railway lines, and trains leave daily for the South- western. Western, and North-eastern districts. The Sydney express mail also passes through Too woomba daily, and passengers to Brisbane will do wisely to break the journey, for by travelling to Brisbane on the following morning they will be able to witness the beauties of the Main Range. A branch line runs to Crow's Nest, a distance of 30 miles, and taps a magnificent agricultural and timber district, where are some grand farms and thousands of acres of pipe forests. The climate of Crow's Nest is ex ceptionally good, as the district is situated on the eastern watershed, and is sheltered from the westerly winds. A few miles from Crow's Nest are a beautiful waterfall and some splendid scenery. Game is in abundance. Another branch iuns out from the Warwick line to Pittsworth, where are also fine agricultural land, a rsing township, and much that is interesting in the way of scenery. I can heartily endor.-e the following opinion ex pressed in tbe last edition of Grooai's almanac, a local publication of some value:— ' In whatever view Toowoomba is regarded, situated as it is in the centre of a rich pastoral and agricultural district, possessed of natural and climatic advantages unexcelled, and railways branching from it in all directions, it is im possible not to he impressed with the promising future that lies before it. Within the past 30 years it has grown from a village, with a population of '200 souls, to its present large dimensions. In the next 10 years, if its growth is as steady and continuous a.a in the past, it must become the most important inland town in Queensland.' The suburbs of Toowoomba, including the popu lous district of Highfields, on the north, and the pros perous settlements of Clifton, Emu, and King's creeks to the south, and on the Westbrook and Eton Vale homesteads areas, are occupied chiefly by a farming population. Iu the suburbs are very beautiful gardens that would do credit to any district in the world. Here will be found growing in abundance apples, pears, apricots, peaches, nectarines, mulberries, oranges of all descriptions, plums of all varieties, loquats, quinces, and other kinds of fruits. _ The grape grows here in all abundance, and is cultivated with, care and attention by several German colonists, who have manufactured wine of excellent quality. Clifton, Emu, King, and Spring creeks, Back Plans, North Branch, Beauaraba, Pittsworth, Southbrook, Crosshill, Meringandan, Gomoran, and the various homestead areas form. the most prosperous agricultural settlements in Queens land. _ Wheat, oats, barley, and lucerne are grown here in large quantities, and the hay when pressed is cent by rail to the Brisbane markets. It is here that the crossbred Leicester sheep and lambs are placed in lucerne paddocks, and when in condition THE HON. JOHN D. MACANSH, M.L.A. are despatched by rail to the various markets. The Toowoomba district will, in a few years, compara tively speaking, be the home i f 500,000 prosperous people. The sketches of the Main Range and of Toowoomba which are presented are from photographs kindly supplied by Mr. James Bain, of Toowoomba. 