THE EBB TIDE. BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON and LLOYD OSBOURNE. CHAPTER II. -Continued. What do you bring in me for? broke from the captain. His voice was indeed scarce raised above a whisper, but emotion clanged in it. " What do you know about mc? If you had commanded the finest barque that ever sailed from Portland ; if you had been drunk m your berth when she struck the breakers in Four teen Island Group, and hadn't had the wit to stay there and drown, but came on deck, and given drunken orders, and lost six lives — I could understand ydur talking then ! j There," ho said, more quietly, " that's my j yarn, and now you know it. It's a pretty i one for the father of a family. Five men and a woman murdered. Yes, there was a woman on board, and hadn't no business to be either. Guess I, sent her to hell, if there is such a place. I never dared go home again, and the wife and the little ones went to England to her father's place. I don't know what's come to them," he added, with a bitter shrug. "Thank you, captain." said Hcrrick. "I never liked you better.' They shook hands, hard and fast, with eyes averted, tenderness swelling in their bosoms. " Now, boys, to work again at lying," said the captain. " I'll give my father up," returned Hcrrick, with a writhen smile. " I'll try my sweet heart instead, for a change of evils." And here is what he wrote : — " Emma, — I have scratched out the be ginning to my father, for I think I can write more easily to you. This is my last farewell to all, the last you will ever hear or see of an unworthy friend and son. 1 have failed in life, I am quite broken down and disgraced ; I pass under a false name ; you will have to tell my father that with all your kindness. It is my own fault. I know, had I chosen, that 1 might havo done well; and yet, I swear to you, I tried to choose. I could not for I loved you all. You must never doubt me in that, you least of all. I have always unceasingly loved, but what was my love worth ? and what was 1 worth ? I had not the manhood of a common clerk ; I could not work to earn von. I have lost you iion, and for your sake I could be glad of it. When you first came to my father's house— do you remember those days? I want you to ; you saw the bestof mc then, all that was good in mc. Do you remember the | day I took your hand and would not let it I go? And the day on Battersca Bridge, when j wo were looking at a barge, and I began to tell one of my silly stories, and broke off to i say I loved you ? That was the beginning,! and now here is the end. When you have read this letter, you will go round and kiss j them all good-bye — my father and mother, j and the children, one by one, and poor uncle ; j aud tell them all to forget ine, and forget i mu yourself. Turn the key in tho door; let no thought of me return; be done with the poor ghost that pretended he was a man, and stole your love. Scorn of ' myself grinds in me as I write. I should i tell you I am well and happy, and want for i nothing. I do not exactly make money, or I I should send a remittance; but I am well i eared for. have friends, live in a beautiful | place and climate such as we have dreamed of togethei, and no pity need be wasted on me. In such places, you understand, it- is easy to live, and live well, but often imrtl to make sixpence in money. Explain this to my father, he will understand. I have no more to say ; only linger, going out, j like an unwilling guest. God in heaven bless yon. Think of me at the last, here, on a bright beach, the sky and sea immoderately i blue, and the great breakers roaring outside on a barrier reef, where a little isle sits green with palms. I am well and strong. It ! is a more pleasant way to die than if you i were crowding about me on a sick-bed. And j yet I am dying. This is my last kiss. For give, forget the unworthy." So far he had written, his paper was all j filled, when there returned a memory of evenings at the piano, and that song, the ! masterpiece of love, in which so many havo ! found the expression of their dearest , thoughts. it Kinat% 0 n: under /" lie added, j More was not required ; he knew that, in his love's heart, the context would spring lip, | escorted with fair images and harmony: of i how all through life her name should tremble j in his ears, her name be everywhere repeated I in the sounds of nature ; and when death came and he lay dissolved, her memory linger and thrill among his elements. " Once, 0 woiulcr ! once from the ashes of my heart Arose a blossom—" Ilerrick and the captain finished their letters about the same time ; each was breathing deep, and their eyes met and were averted, as they closed the envelopes. " Sorry I write so big," said the captain, gruiiiy. " Came all of a rush when it did j come." | " Same here," said ITcrrick. " I could have done with a ream when I gob started ; but it's long enough for all the good I had to say." They were still at the addresses when tho clerk strolled up, smirking and twirling his envelope, like a man well pleased. He looked over Homck's shoulder. 'onie ?" " I am, though," said ITcrrick. " She lives with my father. Oh, I sec what you ; mean," lie added. " My real name is . Hcrrick, No more Hay ' — they had both used the same alias — " no more Hay than ! yours, 1 daresay." 4 j "Clean bowled in the middle stump!" laughed the clerk. "Aly name's 'Uish, if I you want to know. Everybody lias a false name in tho Pacific. Lay you live to three j the captain 'as." j ".So I have, too," replied the captain. " And I've never told my own since the day I tore the title-page out of my Bowditeh and Hung the damned thing into the sea. But I'll tell it to you, boys. John Davis is my name. I'm Davis, of tho Sea Ranger." " Dooee you are !" said Jluish. "And what was she ? A pirate or a slaver ?" " She was the fastest barque out of Port land Main," replied the captain; "and for the way I lost her 1 might as well have bored a hole in her side with an auger." "Oh, you lost her, did you?" said the clerk. " 'Ope she was insured ?" No answer being returned to this sally, Huish, still brimming; over with vanity and conversation, struck into another subject. " I've a good mind to read you my letter," said he. " I've a good fist with a pen when 1 choose, and this is a prime lark. She was a barmaid I ran across in Northampton. She was a spanking line piece, no end of style; and we cottoned at first sight like parties in the play. I suppose I spent the change of a tivcr on that girl. Well, I 'appened lo reniemuer ncr name, so x wrote io uer, anu told her 'ow I had got rich, and married a queen in thchislauds, and lived in a blooming palace. Such a sight of crammers ! I must read you one bit about my opening Lhe nigger parliament in a cocked 'at. It's really prime/ The captain jumped to his feet. " That's what you did with the paper that I went and begged for you ?" he roared. It was perhaps lucky for Huish — it was surely in the end unfortunate for all — that ho was seized just then by one of his pros trating accesses of cough ; his comrades would have elso deserted him, to bitter was their resentment. When tiie fit had passed tiie clerk reached out his hand, picked up t l)o letter, which had fallen to- the earth, and toro it into fragments, stamp and all. "Does that satisfy you?" he asked, sul lenly. " We'll say no more aboub it," replied Davis. CHATTER III.— Tin; Old Calaboose. Destiny at tiie Dook. The old calaboose, iu which the waifs had so long harbored, ia a low rectangular enclosure of building at the corner of a shady western avenue and a little towinvard of tho British consulate. Within was a grassy court, littered with wreckage and the traces of vagrant occupation. .Six or seven cells opened from the court — the doors that had once been locked on mutinous whalcnneu rotting before ihem in the crass. No mark remained of their old destination, except the rusty bars upon, the windows. lhe floor ol one of the colls had been a little cleared, a bucket (tho last remaining piece of furniture or the three caiLifsj stood lull of water by the door, a half cocoanut- shell beside it for a dnnlung-cup. uiul on some ragged ends or mat Huish sprawled asleep, his mouth open, his face deathly. Tho -.low of the tropic afternoon, the green of sun-bnght foliage, stared into that shady plaeo through door and window, and Her- nick, pacing to and fro on a coral floor, some times paused and laved his face ami neck with tepid water from the bucket. His long arrears from suilenng, the night s vjgiL the insults of tho morning, aim the harrowing business of the letter, had etiunglum to that point when pain is almost pleasure, time shrinks to a mere point, and death and hie appear mdificrcnt. J o and fro he paced like a eagccl brute, his mind whirling through tho universe of thought ami memory, his eves, us lie went, skimming the legends on the wall, lite crumbling whitewash was all full ol them, ialutian names, and b rench. and Eng lish. and rude sketches of ships under sail and men at lisiicufls. It came t.o him of a sudden that lie too must leave upon these walls the memorial ui li io passage. Jfe paused bolero a mean space, look lhe pencil out. ami poiulered. \ aintv. so hard lo HuJ o.lec. awoke in him. W«- call ! it vanity at least : pvrmips unjurllv. RaUier < it was tho bare sense of his existence prompted him ; the sense of his life, the one tiling wonderful, to which he scarce clung with a finger. From his jarred nerves there came a strong sentiment of cbming change, whether good or ill lie could not say ; change, he knew no more — change, with inscrutaolo veiled face, approaching noiseless. With the feeling came the vision of a concert- room, the rich hues of instruments, the silent audience, and the loud voice of Lhe symphony. "Destiny knocking at the door," lie thought; drew a stave cm the plaster, and wrote in the famous phrase from the fifth symphony. "So," thought he, " they will know t hat I loved music and had classical tastes. They? He, 1 suppose ; the unknown, kindred spirit that shall conic some day and read my mcmor querela lift, ! he shall have Latin, too!" And he added: | " Tcrquc quatcrque bcati gucU ante ora \ palrttm," | He turned again to his uneasy pacing, bub now with irrational and supporting sense of I duty done. He had dug his grave that morning; now lie had carved his epitaph ; i the folds of the toga were compassed, why : should he delay the insignificant trifle that ! remained to do? He paused, and looked j long in the face of the sleeping Huish, drink ing disenchantment and distaste of life. He nauseated himself with that vile counte nance. Could the thing continue? What bound him now? Had he no rights? only the obligation to go on, without discharge or furlough, bearing tho unbearable? Ich trage unerlruglichcs, the quotation rose in his mind ; lie repeated the wholo piece, one of the most perfect of the most perfect of poets ; and a phrase struck him like a blow ; Dn, stolzcs htrz , du hast cs jit gcwolll. Where was the pride of his heart? And he raged against himself, as a man bites on a sore tooth, in a heady sensuality of scoru. "I have no pride, I have no heart, no man hood," lie thought, 44 or why should I pro- ; long a life more shameful than the gallows? Or why should I have fallen lo it? No pride, j no capacity, 110 force. Not even a bandit ! — and to be starving here with worse than I banditti— with this trivial hell- hound !" His rage against his comrade rose and flooded him, and he shook a trembling fist at ihe sleeper. (To be continued.) 