THE NOVELIST. [CoPYRIrUT.] TALMUD; A? Strange ]arrative of Con tral Australia FOUNDED ON NATURAL FACTS, BY 'IVAN DEXTER. CHAPTER XXIV. THEII STRANOGE JOURNIV. "My guide pointed to one of the smaller recesses," continued the nar rator, "and signified that he desired me to bathe, and I gladly availed my self of the luxury, for such inldecd it was to me. It might he expected that in such a place the templerature would have been very low, but I did not feel it chilly. Whether it was that my body had become accustomed to the sur S""6sihdings, or that the cold surface winds were excluded, I don't know, but -both that and the many thousands I afterwards had were always delicious. "Speaking of temperature, I may say that during the ten years I lived in this place. I never experienced varia tions of summer or winter such as is imet with overground." "D)o you mean' to say you lived underground for ten years ?" Mrs. Mills asked, lifting up her eyes in diiaediment. - S"Yes, that is about the time I was with this strange andwonderfil people I ant telling yout about. As well as I can judge I must have gone under ground, in March, 186z, and I waS found by my friends" here a few days before Christmas, 1870, so that I. was actually nine years and nine months livilig below the surface of the earth," "It ,was no wonder you pointed dowsdwards wheln we. asked you where you caine from," Stanley interjected. " I had quite forgotten my own lan guage, though not the signs by which to convey it," came the answer. "As soon as the bath was over my mute guide denoted to me by signs, which I could now readily understand, that he wished to show ine more of the subterranean world in which we moved, and I followed' him upwards from the fountain. " Going back to what I may now call my hIabitation-that is the screen or unroofed tent-my companion mo •tioned me to wait. In a few minutes he returned with a parcel, which I after S.wards found was food, ansi then he set off due west. We passed round the lake on the opposite shore to the one from which I lirst viewed it, and from the landmarks and the distance tra velled I concluded that it could not be less than seven miles across. This I found subsequently was a fair measure ment for the great basin of fresh water. After passing the lake our route lay in an upward direction, and I wondered what new experience 1 was about to en coinlter. "The light in places was very diim, but in others it shone out with startling brilliancy. The radiance from these latter places penetrated long distances, and I rightly concluded they were a sort of light distributing stations. The first chance 1 got I examined one of them, but as 1 could not get an cx planation froml the guide .I did not thoroughly grasp how they worked, or on what principle they were based. "It was plain enough that the chanm bers or concaved walls, as the case might be, were composed of crystals or highly polished stones of various colors so contoured as to catch the light in gigantic concave rellections which radiated towards curiously formed con vex walls or arches. The first glance was sufllicient to show that the work re quired not only enormous labor but no comnmon amount of skill and knowledge in the science of optics. "I believe we must have walked at least ten miles through interminable passages, chambers and caverns before 9 I began to have an inkling of what was to be shown. I was coming into vege tation." "Vegetation underground ?' Mills inmtcrupted. "Yes, vegetation underground-and most luxuriant vegetation, too. I can assure you. Gradually the rocky floor gave way to suit earth, and as we pro ceeded pale green-almost aplproach ing white-stalks were met with. \-- "This time we had been going up a gradual ascent for nearly a mile, when without warning we came to a level plateau stretching away for miles. In all imy life neither in the old land, S America, or in this country, have I ever seen so fertile a field. "Where the ranlk growth was tnot too high I could see that numbers of people were engaged at agricultural work. Walking oni to where a rocky wall seemed to bound thc northern part, I was sensible that the plateau was not a dead level, but sloped towards the east. In that direction I fancied I distin guished a gleami of genluine sunshine, for it partly blinded nc. T'I'he plain was not nearly so well lighted as the great lake, and consequently thie vegetable growth, luxuriant as it was, was uni formly white. "When swe reached the western or high side .I could observe that num ,. J.er?ess streams ran from. it and irri gated the whole area. "Il halid niot Ibeen long in the field, for such I may call it, when I became sensible that the atmllosllphere was muchl warmner than the regionls we hadl left. For a: long timne I wisas inable to account for this, but 1 nftcrwartlds found out the cause and it gave Iie perpetual uneasi niess." "What was it ?" askedt Stanley. "You will hear directly. \When I examnined the growing crops I found they consisted of different sorts of plants and herbs. Aquanltity grecwlike aspafagus, whilst other vegeltables plut Weo in.tsihd of celery. Ihe .stllks wacs quite white and they were soft and palatable. Some of tile taller growths resembled blanched maize-stalks, whilst rice was also noticeable in the wetter port ions. In the most lightsumne portions I was greatly interested in a utee not unlike the cocoanut-palm, but the fruit though as large as a cocoanut was perfectly soft. Indeed I was quite betwildered with what I saw, for its appearance was quite peculiar. "Imagine a farm stricken with the curse of death and all its productions t(ansforlned into ghostly furmls. You Imay laugh at the idea of a vegetable ghost, but all the plants and shrubs I saw in that place gave me the idea ofa spectral existence. I plucked some of the plants and eat them to see if they were material, but though I found thelm excellent food I could not shake off the idea which possessed. me in that respect. " On the south side we came to a clearing in which a few screens were erected, and I thought at the time they were for the use of some of the per manent residents. I afterwards dis covered that no one lived regularly in the field and that the men and wonien only worked for two or three hours daily in it. I could well believe this for the temperature was like an oven, and I marvelled much how it should be so. " Both my guide and I felt the heat, and, after a hasty meal In one of the tents--which were used by the work meh occasionally-- we made our way to the exit. So far as I could .seethere was no other way out of the field, and I was correct in thinking so; The road by which we came was the one used for carrying the produce away, and I be lieve the great field could grow food for two or three thousand vegetarians. As a matter of fact it did so. "On going out of the hieated at mosphere I experienced a distinct re lief and was glad to follow my guide back to the little town which I began to see was the centre of the community. The bLath 'was' the first place sought, and after the ablution I was led back to my quarters and more food sent. 'There was no lack of salt at the place, and I soon after saw where it was obtained. "For more titan a week I did not again leave the town; but my guide was constantly with mnte, and I saw he was desirous of teaching nme his language. Ite would point to an object and then repeat its name much the same as people living over ground might do, and I would speak the word after, Go ing amongst the people, too, I began to acquire a rude knowledge of the strange language, and as gradually lost my own. "After this I spent. fully six months going out almost daily with the fisher man on the lake or walking about the little town with mily guide.. 1,many times during this period saw the chief, and after a time was able to exchange a few words with him. .. . "Here I may mention the new name 'Talmud' was given to me by the chief, the idea evidently being that I was to represent the ' book' used by them to convey to the civilized world, of which hlie semed to know only by tradition, a full knowledge of the inner workings of his strange people. "As well as I can compute it must have been six months after my advent to ilhe subterranean town that my conm panion, wlhom I had learned to call 'Anscra,' which was the best way I could pronounce his name, intformed me by word and gesture that we were going on a rather long journey. Food sufficient for at least two days was packed up, and the two of us set off. Our route for a considerable distance lay along the road we had previously taken to the plantation. I recognised it at once, and it was really strange how simple it was to find oiie's wsay through winding passages and caverns after being once along them." " It did not appear very simple to us in that confounded. labyrinth we got into on leaving that hIorrible valley," Stanley remarked. "The reason that I was helpless there is that I was never through them with nmy,eyes open," returned O'Mal Icy. "But you knew a portion of the pas sage. You rememnber you wanted us to go down the right tunnel at first,: an swered Straungway. "Yes. I knew that part, and later on you will hear the reason I did not have a knowledge of the other pas sages. " As we catle near the part where the steelp ascent began," continued O'Malley, resuming his narrative, "Anscra turned off sharply to the right down a narrow way I lhad not previously noticed. This led downwards and was very narrow andi comparatively gloomy. I daresay had I gone down it when first I joined thie underground coinuniity it would have seetled utterly dark to tue, and probably that swas thie reason the journey was so long delayed. " I alighit say that in the six ontoihs mty eyes mnust have suited theilselves to the different light, for in that period I could see unore than twice as far as when I first entered. For instance 1 could see right across the big lake-a distance of seven nuilcs-thougll when I first behleld it two miles was tihe limit of my vision. "\Ve proceeded doviwnards for four or five hundred yards, and then the pas sage becanme level but just as gloomty as ever. For a long way we now walked in silence, until at leingth we camie to a particularly rugged part of thie passage IThlis was soiuewhlat retmarkable, for it was the first time I had seen any of the walks that were niot perfectly smiooth and regular. W\e were on a road thlat was apparently little used, and I could not quite understand it. At first I thought tuy comipanion was leading tie to the burial place of thie ttnlhetground counniunity; but I at once consideredl that a road along whlichl dicad bodies had to be carried would be keplt in the bIest possible repalnir, attntl well lighted also, " As we stumblled along in the semti darkness I f;lucied I coult occasionally hear a strange noise like the sigh of a mighty giant. At last my guide halted and sat dlown on a telrace rock. lle produced the food, and we both eat heartily for we had come n many miles and the exertion was great. I tried to I elicit from him where our destination c was, but he only pointydl aheltadl :,m said nothing that could enlightenll e ion the point. a "Stretching himself out on the rock, t he signified for me to do the samle, anid for two hours or more we silently rcstcd. I1 As I lay, with all around quiet and the i sound of our footfalls not echoing ionl the rocky passage, 1 could quite dis tinctly hear the muttered breathings or t gasps which had first attracted my at- i tention. Though I listened carefully I could not firid a clue to them, and at last gave 'p the labour of guessinlg. I confess, for the first time since I had ce- i tered the place, I felt a little frightened. Only that I had fill confidence in my guide I would have been greatly alarmed. t "At last Anscra arose and resumed the journey. I could now undelstand his reason for recuperating, for as we t proceeded the road became nmuch worse than it had becn. " After an hour othis arduous travel the passage broadened out and we were t able to make better progress. Twice I we came out into large spaces, the floors of.which were covered with fan tastic-shaped rocks. A. lassage led t from the second of these chlambers or caverns, and as we entered it I caughtt sight of a peculiar red glow at the end 1 which startled me." t "Al I we know what you are com ing to now," ejaculated Stanley. " I scarcely think you do," responded O'Malley, with a smile. "Oh, yes we do; it is not likely we should so quickly forget thle red chant ber we saw in our underground ram bles," returned Strangway. "I should thilk not," added Stanley with a self-satisfied smile. "Well, have your opinion, gentle men," went on O'Malley. "As I was t just saying a queer red glow caught my eyes. The great exertion I had undcr gone made tme feel uncomfortably t warm, and as I hastened after Anscra I c was perspiring slightly. He had reached the end of the passage before I overtook himn, and when I got to his side and looked in the direction whence tlthe glow came a thrilling sight burst upon me." " Yes; it is well worth seeing, I must I adnit," interjected Strangsway. "I looked for a full minute before [ could comprehend it, but I did net need tile eloquence of the fierce heat which beat upon tne to realise what I was looking upon." S"Fierce heat ?" queried Stanley and Strangway in the same breath. " Yes, fierce heat, I repeat. What I saw before me was nmasses of rock which glowed dully red, and from whlich in a few small places jets of .stean hissed out and were-swallowed up almost immediately by the intense heat. It was really the interior of a partially extinct volcano which I saw, and tile view was a tremendous one. It seetmed to me that aloutt a quarter of a mile from where I stood the rocks obegan to change color, until at a dis lance of half-a-mile they were a dull red with the heat. Above. them was a cone-shaped vault at least two hundred feet in height, and this carried the heat I upwards or it would not have been pos sible to approach tile spot we stood at. "We tmust have been seven or eight hundred feet below the summnit of the hill, and the heat would almost lose it self penetrating suchl a distance. 1 could, however, now understand "what I caused the wartt atmtosphere int the underground plantation which, though a considerable distance away, must re ceive a portion of the permteatinlg heat. In a few words Anscra enplained to Ime' r that my suplposition in that respect was correct. "The Iheat was so great. tthat we t could not long etndure it, but I re mained long enoughi to grasp tihe dread beauty of tile spectacle. Rocks thou sands of tons in weight were glowing like rubies, and in places tile crimson rocks were heaped together in gigantic and fantastic forms. Bletweenthetl were spaces like.huge 'glory holes' in at glassblower's factory, and the light' flickered and scintillated like one often sees when watching An ember in a fire, though, ofcourse, on a colossal scale. "Anscra had often seen the place before and probably did not appreciate its beauties, as lie soon turned away I and I followed. "As I turned away I felt that at any moment a catastrophe nlight take place that would overwhelm the underground conlnuuity. If by ally means a strealn of water should find its way into that glowing mtass a tremendous explosion would be tile result. If so the cotvul sion of nature would in all iprolbability destroy those strange ipeople who had been so kindl to tme. Certainly the bulk ot them were several miiles fromt the slumtltering volcano, but thie con vulsion whlichl wouldl entsue through a bIody of water pouring on to thle hot rocks would chanige the face of nature mtost certainly and alter tile structure for a considerable depthtl. Water is al ways at work wbaring clhannels for it self, and who ktnows, I thouglht, hIow soon one of tlhese stubterranean streatns might not preciplitate itself into the volcano. "These were the reflections whlichI filled mty mindtl as I stumbled over the rocks after Anscra, and I sincerely wished thlat I had not been enlightened on the point. I.romt that timle forthl I was Iever perfectly cocntented in tlly new life, thoughl previously I accepted I mty lot withl resignatioul." "I have not hIeard that there are any volcanoes in Central Australia," Mills interrupted at this pIoint. "Oil, yes, there are a nunltber of ex. tinct ones, according to Ilea;lrly every expsllorer," Stanley remartked. "Itt some few illstallccs signs of a Suite receltt lllphceavel have beetl no ticed--and, intldeed, smtoke or steaml Swas observedtl by \Vexford's party," sus. iletaentetd Str:agway. 7?p ' ~ (ro ut coNTrlswt,, ' 