BIOS FROM TIE BUTE. CHAPTER I. My name is Bertha Adams, I am an orphan. Last birthday I was thirty -three years of age By profession I am a governess, but at present I hold the responsible and enviable position of companion to the hon. Mrs Hamlyn Vipont, reliot of Colonel Vipont, 6th Dragoon Guards, killed in action in the last Afghan war. Standing here before the mirror I see a re flection of myself — plain, small and unattrac tive. That is the reason I Buppose why the hon. Mrs Vipont selected me as her dame de compagnie, during her tour through the Aus tralian colonies with her son, who was suffer ing, as I came to understand, from some shook, some mysterious sorrow that was wearing him away, and which his mother seemed to fear would gradually drive him to his grave. I had been a year with mother and son at the time this story opens. We had lingered out the autumn in Italy, but the letter ap peared to grow worse, and Mrs Vipont was advised to try a sea trip, and a season in New South Wales. The mother, although kind and open- hearted, as a rule, was narrow-minded, proud, and, on occasions, cruelly selfish. It was plain to me that she was terribly jealous of the influence ot other women over the son she idolized. I had heard from time to time vague rumors of trouble that lad oome in connection with the hon. lady's last com panion. If these were true, I had no reason to imagine that my company would become dangerous to him. It never appeared to me, however, that Edgar Vipont troubled him self about one woman especially. Though he . seemed partial to the society of ladies and admired their beauty, he was the same to all. He was a strange, wayward, incomprehen sible young man to me, was Edgar Vipont. So polite, so clever, and handsome, in spite of his illness; yet in ot her ways so un civilised. I was always reminded in my inter course with him of the old proverb, 44 Scratch a Russian and you'll find him a Tartar," and I could have imagined him inquiring with the greatest solicitude if the cup of coffee — in which he was secretly administering to you a dose of deadly poison — was sweet enough for your taste, and taking infinite pains to make it so if it were not, smiling at you the while. The days went pleasantly by in the city of Sydney. Mrs Vipont rented a charming residence at Rose Bay, on the heights over looking the magnificent harbor ; and the place was made gay by constant company. Edgar Vipont would often pass whole days with us ; but there were times when he would become morose, shut himself up in his room, and refuse to see anyone for a week to gether. Once as I was passing the door of fcii private sitting room, during one of his melan choly depressions, I noticed, with surprise, it was standing wide open. I had never entered this apartment, for it was usually kept closed and locked- Woman like, I paused to glanoe over the luxurious furniture, when my gaze fell on the full length portrait that hung at the further extremity of it. It was the picture of a young and lovely woman, with a pale oval face, long dark hair, perfect features, and the most haunting, melancholy brown eyes I ever beheld. Those eyes seemed to fascinate me to such a degree that I was held spellbound to the .spot. They fixed themselves on mine with an expression of agonised appeal, as intense and real as if they had been living eyes, out of which the soul looked for sympathy. A sudden noise proceeding from the inner room, broke the spell, and I fled to my room, like a guilty thief taken in the act. This incident happened just one month after our arrival in the colony, but as the weeks and months went by it faded from my mind alto gether. One wet chilly day in August, Mrs Vipont and 1 we: e alone together in her boudoir. I was reading one of George Eliot's delightful stories to her, while she reclined on a couch near the window, looking out at the moun tainous waves rolling inwards at the Heads. While I read the door opened, and Edgar Vipont entered. There was a careworn look on his pale face which was most distressing to behold. 44 Good morning, mother," he said in a quiet tone, laying a splendid bouquet of flowers on the table betide her sofa. 44 Good morning, Miss Adams," and he bowed to me with his usual ceremonious politeness. 44 1 have brought you these flowers. See, the camellias are finer than I ever remember to have seen them in Europe, and the violets " "Ah, delightful," cried the aristocratic dame, kissing her son and inhaling the per fume of the rioh purple flowers. "What taste you have, Edgar. No one could have arranged this bouquet as you have. How ate you this morning, my son ?" she added, with an anxious look at his handsome face. Edgar Vipont laid bis hand on Mb breast. 14 1 feel wearied, mother ; but 1 have-nothing new to oompiain of. Want of sleep, want of lest, is my great ailment ; and neither Dr. Martin nor Bernhardt — no, nor your own T i an medico, Besalino, seem able to help me there." And he raised his elender, wasted hand to his head- The lady looked at him with all the mother in her gaze. 44 Tell me, is your rest as dis turbed as ever?" she asked anxiously. 44 Yes," he replied, 44 either I do not sleep at all at night, or, to speak more plainly, be come acutely, painfully wakeful, when even ing falls, and other more fortunate mortals are sunk in quiet slumber; or my sleep is filled with dreams, wMch, though I cannot recall thorn when I wake, are, I feel sensible, so full of suffering, and a nameless horror to me, that they wear me far more than mere wakefulness would do," and he paused and sighed deeply. Then suddenly raising him self, said in a most eager tone, 4 4 By the way, ma mere, guess who is in Sydney?" 44 Who is it, Edgar ? Any of our English friends ?" 44 Aye, some one I met at the Bartons last night. Come, guess." I cannot ; pray tell me," replied Mrs Vipont. 44 He remembers you years ago, mother, before you were married, when you were Helen Fortescue aud the belle of the London season." cried Edgar warmly. 44 1 told him you were still beautiful, in spite of your forty- five years, and asked him to come to us to night in a friendly way. You do not receive to-night, ma mere ?" 44 No, not to-night, my child. Only the sisters Clara and Ada Poliitt are likely to call. But who is this old friend ?"' 44 None other than the eminent psycholo gist, Professor Hugh Drayton, the illustrious savant, of whom all the world is talking." I noticed Mr» Vipont's slender fingers tighten on the back of the sofa as her son uttered the name. "Yes, yes, I remember him," she cried. "A wonderful man, but he has the reputation of being a magician — a what-do-you-call-it in these days, Edgar ? And now " Now he lays claim to a knowledge of the hidden and mysterious powers of nature, I believe," he answered. 44 Last night we talked together a great deal on occult matters, and he told me some marvellous experiences he has been through while travelling in New Zealand and other places; stranger, indeed, and more marvellous than those of Home and his school, though the Professor himself dis claims an intercourse with, or belief in, any supermundane powers you know." 4 No doubt. The Professor is a strange being. Would you credit the fact that this same Hugh Drayton foretold to me in my youth much that has since come to pass? could the hidden powers, as you call them, enable him to do that?" "I do not know, mother," he replied, rising, and looking intently her, for she had become very pale. "Whatsays Misa Adams?" and he turned towards me. The question made me laugh. It was not possible to find a more matter -of -fact person than myself. I felt totally void of imagination, and was never troubled with a reverie or a day dream in my life. I had no belief what ever either in Mr Home's spiritual mission or in Professor Drayton's secret powers — no more than I had in our old English legends of ghosts, Scotch tales of pixies, or Irish banshees. So I shook my head incredulously. 44 1 fear that I am one of little faith, Mr Vipont," I said. 44 Your old friend the savant, would find me a very stiff— necked heretic, I fancy, and hard to convert to his views." 4 4 Have you ever studied the subject ?" asked Edgar Vipont. 4 'No," I admitted. 4 4I should not think of studying it seriously any more than I should attempt to practice astrology or magio. 'Our race are famed for being the most practical people on the face of the globe. Per haps you would not be so credulous, Miss Adams, if you had seen what I have among a sect you designate Mad Spiritualists. You smile." 'Pardon me, sir, but only tMnk of all the shameful exposures of those so-called mediums that have taken place both on the continent of Europe and in England. Do they not shake your faith?" 44 Not so," answered he, with some anima tion. 4 4 In all trades there are humbugs, Miss Adams, but that does uot hinder their being a residuum of honest men among them, I trust. Look at Mesmerism ; no one doubts the truth of the phenomena now, though for a time the crowd of charlatans who arose as followers of Mesmer cast discredit on what is now universally admitted to be one of the most inexplicable of physical phenomena." 44 True, sir, but " 44 Well, well," interrupted he, c nailing, 44 Professor Drayton will be here tlfis even ing, and perhaps he will give us a sample of his powers. Would it try your nerves much, mother, or your's, Miss Adams ?" Mrs Vipont hesitated, but I gave a most decided reply in the negative. By and bye mother and son began to con verse >n low tones, and I saw her face grow troubled and almost stern, whilst his filled with a grave earnestness. Seizing on the first pretext for escape, I rose and left the room. As I was going these words from Mrs Vipont fell on my ear. 44 Can yon not for get, even now, Edgar ? She is not dead — she haS left you. She has forgotten you. Come my son, do not forget that you are a Vipont." And then the door closed behind me, and I sped swiftly along the corridor to my own apartment. Chapter II. As I stood before my dressing table arranging my toilet, previous to going down to Mrs Vipont's room that evening, my eyes rested on something that lay sparkling on the carpet behind me, being reflected in the mirror. I turned and observed, between the wainscotting of the room and the wall, an object which glittered like a small star. I stooped, picked it up, and brought it to the light. It was a plain gold locket, set with a single diamond of great brilliancy. Inside there was a curl of dark hair, and a small portrait — the same fascinating face, with the sad, imploring eyes, which had held me spell bound at the threshold of Edgar Vipont's private room. At that moment a strange feeling of fear oam6over me, and I looked round, half ex pecting to encounter the original, an idea that made me laugh heartily the next moment. To whom could the locket belong? I examined it long and carefully by the gas light, and then stood lost in thought before the fire, from which 1 was suddenly roused by the ringing of Mrs Vipont's bell. Hastily slipping the trinket into my pocket, I hur ried down to her. I found her dressed in black velvet, delicate lace and pearls, and who wanted me to do a dozen little nothings for her. She was seated before the fire with with the two Miss Pollitts — the elder a stout apathetic lady of thirty, the other a tall, jolly, aud strong-minded person, two years younger, with spectacles on hei no0e, and a decided tendency towards the masculine in her attire. The Professor had not yet ar rived. They were talking about him as I entered, Stella Poliitt, the elder, deriding the secret force theory, and she of the spectacles urging that such nonsense should be taken in hand and put down by the church. In a few moments the door opened and Professor Drayton entered, and I for one was forced to confess that his appearance, at any rate, inspired confidence and respect. He was a fine looking man of five and fifty, with a close shaven, well-featured face, and a pair of small, peering hazel eyes that seemed to look one through and through. We were introduced tohimoneafter another, and he then immediately fell into talk with Mrs Vipont, her sou, and Dora Poliitt, whilst I and Miss Poliitt sat by listening. " Well, but tell us, dear Professor," said Mrs Vipont after an animated discussion, 44Is there any one of us who you think would be particularly sensitive to this strange force, call it what you will ?" The visitor looked round and smiled. 44 You, at least, Mrs Vipont, are scarcely to be called sensitive, and my young friend, Edgar, quite the reverse. Miss Poliitt," and he bowed to the lady in spectacles, 44 would prove too much for it ; but stay, this young lady," aud he looked at ms attentively, 44 is, I should say, decidedly a sensitive, as I call it." 44 1, sir ? Impossible," cried I, laughing. 44 What, Mies Adams !'' they all exclaimed. 44 Why, she is an utter unbeliever in every thing, and practical almost to heresy," added Edgar Vipont. Professor Drayton remained unmoved, and still kept his eye on me with a searching gaze which made me feel very uncomfort able. 44 In spite of what you aver to the con trary, I feel certain that Miss Adams is very alive to and easily affected by the power I believe in," he returned. 4 'May I test you ?" he asked, suddenly approaching me. For the life of me, much as I should have preferred, I could not say No, but gave my consent at once. By the Professor's direc. tions the doors were fastened, the lights lowered, and we sat in a circle, I being exactly opposite to him. He placed some thing, a piece of metal in my hand and bade me look at it steadily. His eyes exercised an extraordinary inflaence over me and I obeyed, and for a few minutes a deep silence reigned in the apartment. I started. Had i been sleeping ? What had happened to me ? I felt as if I had passed tarough - period of unconsciousness, and had suddenly awakened with quickened senses in another world. A world which seemed to centre in the presence of one being — and that being was Professor Drayton. His piercing glance fell full into mine with a blazing triumphant expression as he laid his hand on my forehead and said, 44 See." I shuddered aud looked around. We were no longer in the room; beside the Pro fessor, almost touching him, stood a figure enveloped in white drapery from head to foot, and from whom there emanated an in describable odor. I saw Mrs Vipont sMver and turn pale, her son looked ghastly. Stella Poliitt stood silent, almost appalled, while the younger sister crouched down beside her trembling visibly, and holding the elder sister's hand as if for protection. 1 heard the Professor muttering to him self, of which the words, 44 peculiar" and 44 strange " only caught my ears. 44 What do you see, Miss Adams?" he enquired presently. I struggled to speak, my vocal powers seemed numbed ; then in a voice strange and hollow, that startled those who were listeniug. I answered — 44 1 see a form, tall, white, standing beside you," and I pointed my fingers towards it. 44 Describe it further," replied the Pro fessor. 44 1 oaunot see the face," I answered. 44 It is coyered by a white drapery." 4 Tell the being you see to raise the drapery." I obeyed, and slowly the figure raised a long white hand, aud removed the folds that hid the face from my "view. As it did so a nameless terror seized me, and I fancy con vulsed me, for I remember hearing Mrs Viport cry out — 44 Professor Drayton, she is ill. Bray rouse her," Aud then I was quiet again, yet I recognised the face at once. It was the original of the portrait I had seen in Edgar Vipont's room, " Describe what you see," commanded the Professor again. 44 A woman," I murmured, 44 young, dark very pale, brown eyes, long black hair, very sad expression.'' 44 Stop her, for mercy's sake ! " cried Mrs Vipont, starting forward, for her son had snnk on the sofa insensible, whilst the sisters were attempting to open the door in terror. The seance was at an end. In a fe w moment I was restored to my normal condition. The hostesB aud her visitors, assisted by some of the servants who had been summoned, busied themselves in restoring Edgar Vipont to consciousness, aud he was carried to his apartments, deeply affected by what had transpired. As our visitors were leaving, Professor Drayton, who had been attending upon the invalid, approached aud said, 44 Ladies, let me ask you a question. Had any of you a lock of hair or a souvenir of friend or relation deceased about you this evening ?,; They all replied in the negative, and I did the same, totally forgetting that in my pocket lay the locket I had found in my bedroom. The Professor appeared puzzled. 44 Well, ladies," he said, 44 1 am really at a loss to ac count for the strange odour which was per ceptible in this room an hour ago." 44 We all perceived it," answered the youuger Miss Poliitt, pushing up her spec tacles to look at him. 44 Indeed, Professor, you are a wonderful man, and Miss Adams is an excellent subjeot. Do you feel alarmed or fatigued ?'' she added, turning to me. 44 No, only a little dazed, but I confess I am in no small measure shocked, ' I replied. 4,I did not expect or desire to find myself so alive to the secret powers, whatever they may be ; " and I tried to l&ugb;, but shuddered in stead, as I oaught the Professor's full round eye fixed on me. 4 4 You must hate a strong rapport with th® spirit, or being' or power you saw this evening, Miss Adams," said he. 44 If you should at any future time see it a pain, -will you write and tell me the particulars of your ex perience ? " 4 'See it again ! " 1 uttered in a horrified tone. 44 Nay, I trust not ! but if I do," I | added hastily, 44 1 will do as you desire." For the spell he had exercised over me was not yet quite dispelled. Our visitors departed, aud we were alone— that is Mrs Vipout and L She was silent, embarrassed, almost stern in her manner, as I a. tended her at her toilet. It was my duty to read her to sleep, but on this night she dismissed me with a curt 44 Goodnight." As I was about to close the doer of the bed room I chanced to put my haud in my pocket for my handkerchief, when my fingers came in contact with the locket. Strange, indeed, I should have forgotten it after the query of the Professor. I reclosed the door, and approached the bed. 44 Madame, I have something to say — a confession to make/' I said. Mrs Vipont looked at me with a smile of languid enquiry. 44 What have you to say, Miss Adams ?" 44 Do you remember, when Professor Dray ton asked if any of us held anything that had belonged to a deceased friend or relative ? " 44 Perfectly," she answered with interest, and sitting up. 44 Well? " 44 1 had forgotten that I had this in my pocket, when he put the question," and I put the locket in her hand. She gave a sudden cry of pain as if the thing had been a deadly snake and had stung her. 44 Where did you get this ? " she demanded fiercely, and clutching me by the wrist so tightly that the pain made me gasp. "Madam, 1 picked up that locket in my bedroom this eveuiug, just before I came down to you. I put it hastily in my pocket when your bell rang, aud the fact of its being there ha been called to my mind only this moment." She looked at me dubiously. 44 Miss Adams, you know my son is very ill," she said, after a pause, in which she had turned the unfortunate locket round in her trembling hands. 1 4 Will yon promise me one tiling ?" 44 What shall I pro arise ?" 14 That you will never meutien the exist ence of this trinket to my son." 4 I promise." 44 It would surely kill him," I heard her murmur m a trembling tone. Then she dis missed me, and I was glad to retire to the quiet of my owu room to think over the events of the evening. (to be continued.) 