THE LASS THAT LOVED A mm BY J. MONK FOSTER. Author of " SlftTes o! Fate/' 41 A Hiner'a MiQioo," " The White Gipsy," " A Pit Brow Lassie," etc. CHAPTER XJII. — (Continued.) Since that last meeting Shadraoh had been oudgelling hie brains to dense some method of establishing bis guiltlessness, and he had almost decided upon the course he would pursue. That plan wsa to be as follows — When Saturday arrived he would go to the olenrvman and induce him to go with him to his native town. There he wonld be able to introduce Mr Reade to soy number of people who knew him intimately, and would testify that he was unmarried so far as their know ledge went. And as to hie supposed residence in New- castle- under- Lyme and his alleged marriage there the vicar could make his own investi gations either by journeying there or by authorities of that town. The young miner was engrossed in these speculations when the night fireman walked upon the pit bank, and, pausing near the shaft, cried pleasantly, 14 Now, chaps, are yo' ready? It's after eight o'clock. Then he shouted to the engine - tenter, "Draw the cage up, Sherrington, owd lad." The large cge was drawn slowly up to the landing plates, the night- men got in one by one, the fireman followed last of all, and then he gave the signal to descend, and the iron struotnre with its freight of living beings fell down the dark shaft with the rapidity of an arrow on the wing. There is no need to dwell upon the trivial ities of the earlier half of the night. Until supper- time the two miners with whom this story is concerned pursued their work with out break or incident of any kind worth mentioning. By a singular coincidence neither of the men bad a drawer that night ; each was workiDg alone, and save themselves not a soul was in that part of the mine. South- worth bad dismissed bis drawer in a fit of , anger only a couple of days ago, and little Jack Bimsou was absent from work owing to i illness. Therefore, both pitmen had to waggon the | coal to the shunt after hewing it, as old j miners will understand. j Shortly after twelve o'clock the night fire man had passed through the places on his cuBtoxnary visit of inspection, and, after a word or two with Shadrach bad gone his way. And as the official disappeared alongside liU0 euge ui Uio glKM nuiui iCU tutw Southworth's place Deano threw down his piek and proceeded to have hie 44 jaokbit." As be sat there on the small heap of slack munching his cheese and bread, which be washed down with cold tea, be could hear the clear ring of Southworth's spade upon the hard floor as he filled his " tub." That little faet turned De≠'s thoughts in a direction they had not taken of late days, and when he camo to think of it it seemed rather singular. How was it he wondered that he had never until that moment dreamed of connecting his rival with the appearance of the strange woman in Amberswood ? She could have no interest in parting him and Nannie, but Sonthworth had every reasop to desire each a consummation. Was it not possible— nay, was it not even probable — that David Sonthworth wastheun- BPfrn power which had urged Mary Worth ington to do her villainous work? The thought that it might be so made Shadrach' blood boil with righteous wrath, and he re solved to obarge his foe with his villainy ere the night Was spent. With that resolution in his mind he fininfiftfl bib rough and ready meal and went back to the face of coal, pondering how he was to begin his conversation with South- worth when they met. That meeting and conversation were nearer at hand than Shadrach dreamed. Even at that moment the Faces were bringing him Ma deadly enemy together. Deane had not been at work many minutes before he beard someone crawling up the side of the goaf which stretched between his place and that of Southworth's, and thinking it was the night foreman returning he simply continued "holing." But presently the scrambling noise ceased, and a voice— the voice of David Sonthworth —was heard asking in a quiet matter of foot tone, as if a wrong word had never been exchanged between hhneelf and Deane : . 41 Hallo tbeer, Shadraoh ; ban' yo gotten a prop to give me 7 The roof is a bit rotten yonder, and &b; couldn't find anny props in the shunt." "You'll find aprop or two in the draw ing road if you want em," Shadrach replied as he recovered from his surprise and re sumed his work. A minute later he saw David in the draw- 1 ing road, and then he suddenly resolved to have the matter out with him at that mo ment, 44 Sonthworth," he eaid, quietly, obe cast down his pick, and went into the era wing road, "waft a moment, I want to speak to you." " What ir. it, Shadrach ?' the other re plied, still retaining his former suavity of manner and tone. "How is it, South worth, that you cannot let me and Miss "Wilson alone?" "What's up now?" " Yon know — be a man for once and admit what I know to be true." " Well, what is it?" " Why did you get that woman to swear to Nannie that she was my wife, when you know it was an infamous lie 7" 44 I know nothing of the woman !" David cried, but with a look on bis face that belied his words. " What woman are you talking ftlwint?" " You know— your face gives the'lie direct to your denial. But your soheme will fail after all !" Shadrach cried, passionately. " Will it 7" Sonthworth exclaimed, liotly. " We'll see about that." "We shall, and if you do nol get the woman to withdraw all she has said, I shall take proceedings against you both for slander. I mean it, by heaven I do ! "What do 1 care for you and your law ! You and it may go to blazes for all I care." " If you get sent to gaol you will perhaps alter your opinion, my lad!" said Shadrach, bitterly. "Send me to gaol, would you 'South- worth muttered, white. fooed now with -mad rage and jealousy. "Curse you, take that !" His great clenched list shot out, and struck Shadrach on the head, sending him spinning , to the floor- But Deane was not long prostrate. That savage blow from his foe had converted the ordinarily peaceful man into a madman. With a hoarse oath he sprang to his feet, picked up a bar of iron that lay within reach, and ran at South worth with murder in his eyes and heart. For the moment the devil had possession of bis soul. When the man who had struck the first blow saw his maddened rival rashine at him with that deadly weapon in his hands he turned tail and tried to fly. But be was too late. Ere he had taken more than a couple of strides Shadrach was upon him, and the crow-bar had descended on his head with a sickening thud, and he crashed like a slain bull to the earth, and lay there dumb and bleeding. The murderous rage fled from Snodrach's heart as quickly as it had flamed up when he saw tbe victim of his uncon trollable wrath stretched oat before him ; end with a bui sling heart be sank beside tbe prostrate and lifeless body, wailing. " My God ! My God ! I have killed him ! I am a murderer now ! What shall I do ? What shall I do ?" End or Part I. PART II.— THE ISLE OF GOLD. CHAPTER I. — The Waikanoota Rush. " Here we are, lads. Down with the traps, and let's mark out our claim !" The speaker was one of a party of three men who had just arrived at Walkanoota Gully, a rock-bound valley lying about twenty miles eastward of Hokitika, the capital of Westland County, New Zealand- He and his companions were gold diggers, and only that morning had they thrown up an old and unprofitable claim some miles away and joined in the rush to Waikanoota Golly, where, rumor said, that gold was to be soooped up in buoketsful. " All right, Seph," one of the first speaker's chums auswered. " Shall we un load the mule here ? What spot do you fancy, old man ?" " Here — right hore, Granby," the man addressed as Seph replied, as he glanoed around him. " This is right in the cootie of the gulch, and the alluvial will be at its thickest hereabouts, or else 1 know nothing of gold digging. Unload the mule, and in with the egs at once." Seph's oomrades needed no urging to do the work which lay immediately before them. Daring the past few months fortune had not looked favorably upon their endeavors after , gold, and the prospect of a new, and pro bably rich, claim, had an inspiiing influence upon each member of the party at that moment. _ Besides, they knew that unless UUIIi r.yj i. WOO DMBUU wm iwnainim some other crowd of wanderiog diggers might oome up and interfere with the ground selected. So they all set to work to unload the animal which bore their tools, tent and other belongings, and while they are so em ployed, a glance may be taken of their eur- roundings. Waikanoota Gully was a rock-botind valley half a hundred yards wide, and about a mile and three quarters long. Thousands of years before the stony gorge had been carved out by one or another of the Titan forces of nature. Along the gulch ran a narrow stream cry e tally clear and icy cold, which was fed in equal proportions by the frequent rains mid thick mists and the waters of the melting glaciers which gathered eternally at the head of Mount Cook and his brother mounts ras, and slid for ever at their feet. Tbe sides of the gully were almost sheer walls of rock, which rose for hundreds of feet, ledge after ledge, like great 6teps that had led to the summits of the snow-crowned giants which reared themselves in the centre , of the island. But the rocky sides of tho wild and wierd- ; looking glen were not barren. Whenever a ; foothold could be found for vejetible life these planta flourished, and the steep walls of the gully presented a long stretch cf tbe most charming and vivid green and delicate greys to tbe eye. Here and there in boundless profusion lovely tree ferns and darker leaved shrubs luxuriated, running up the sides of tbe preci pices in long strips of vegetation until lost to view in the silvery mists which hung about we vuuuxacit) ui uiu uwuw uuu. And here and there among the great masses of green feathery foliage the totara pines lifted their tapering stems, draped with all manner of fantastically -shaped f estoansof grey lichen, which contrasted prettily with the patches of black rock, the huge fern fronds, and scatlet blossoms of the rata which :n places lit up the tangled growth of green with patches of intense color. . At the head of the gully a tbin thread of silvery water, leaped downward to feed the rivulet and beat itself with a musical murmur into spray on the rocks below, and at other points alfmg the valley little cascades were tinkling down the lichcn-oovered walls. Three weeks before a couple of miners out proepooting had discovered gold in the first panful of dirt they bad washed in Waikanoota Gully ; and subsequent washings at different points had given equally fruitful results. Then the blood stirring news bad been scattered about, and the rush to Waikanoota Gully began ; and in twenty-one days the quiet deserted gulch had been transformed into a small pandemonium composed of men of almost every nationality under the heavens, who were thirsting after the precious yellow metal. By the time our three friends reaohed the spot the place appeared tike a small town or, Sirhaps a better phrase, would be a large ir, lor between & thousand and fifteen hundred men of all sorts and conditions had taken up their temporary quarters in the majority of these wanderers had housed'themselves in canvas tents or rough huts of timber, and a few boasted ereotions of tight corrugated Iron, while not a small number haa nothing to shelter them save a shaggy well-worn and too often dirty blanket. Most of the miners who were then rough ing it at Waikanoota had to travel thither on foot and carry their belongings on their backs, generally wrapped up in tbe ever-present blanket. Diggers oan exist under almost any conditions, provided that they have a good stool rug in which to enwrap themselves at night when they take their well-won sleep in the open besides a fire, and a pannikin and " billy" in which to boil their tea. The men at Waikanoota were a rough and , ready lot, but not more rough and ready than one could expect to find at such s place. They worked hard In the daytime seeking the man- . farous ore, and if they found it in any con siderable quantity they wished themselves and their chums good luck in one or other of the drinking saloons. Three weeks had transformed the deserted golbh into a town, with traders' stores, an lotd, a bank even, and whisky dens by the dozen. The find's of gold had been rather ex traordinary, and' the boom had attracted every miner with' a bad claim who was within twenty miles. These men were still coming in by dozens, and in the course of a week or two every available inch of soil in Waikanoota Gully would be staked out. By the time Seph Dennett, George Granby and their remaining chnm, Ike Sbelloombe, had staked out their olaim- and erected their conical house of canvas the evening was ap proaching. The three chums had just finished work, and were standing at the entrance to their tan. OnA nf them. Iks fthellAnmbfl. vm speaking. " Well mates," he remarked, with tbe nasal peculiarity of the true Yankee, 44 1 guess we've about finished that job) and that being so I vote that we liquor up: What do you say, Seph, old man V 4 1 was just thinking, Ike, of making a fire so that we could have a sope of tea," was tbe reply. " Never mind tbe fire," Granby broke in at this point, 4 ' at least not yet, Dbnnett. It's too early by a long way to tarn out yet, and tea will keep. I'm of Shellcombe's way of thinking. Let us go find have a drink. I suppose there must be quite a lot of fellows here that wc know." - 'MVeJl, I don't mind," Seph responded, and they all turned away from the teut and made their way towards tbe centre of the crowded settlement. The scene in tbe golly was of a lively and an interesting nature. Half of the flat patch of alluvial land hemmed in by tho c'iffs was already occupied and being rifled of its yellow treasures, and the remainder wouM be taken up iu the course of a weak, for l'resil batches of diggers were constantly arriving in gangs of twoE, thress, fours and half- dozens. Here and there the red-shirted miners were standing about their holes, some of them winding r.p buckets laden with gold bearing dirt, others washing the last panful of gravel and storing away the auriferous sand. At the mouth of many claims a small flag of red banting was flapping idly in the even ing breeze, denoting that gold in payable quantities had been unearthed at those par ticular spots. In and about the broken ground the new arrivals were threading their way. making eager inquiries of the workers. The tradesmen's stores were lit up already, and doing a good business, and the saloons were driving a roaring trade in bad whiskey and other liquors, and English bottled ale and stout. "Here's the place, I guess," eaid Ike Shelloombe, and he and his chums came upon a large structure of corrugated iron, over the large open doorway of which ran the legend M'Taggait's First Claw Hotel 44 Come a'ong toys, and let's sample the Britisher's prison." They went inside together and found a motley assemblage gathered about the long bar. Theyordored drinks and stood chatting amongst themselves, glancing meanwhile hither and thither about the place and making oa&usl; observations concerning the various diggers they knew in tbe crowd. Presently George Granby nudged each of his chums sharply in the ribs with his elbow and said : 44 Look over there at the farther e&d; of the room. There's that old 'hatter' again — Maori Dick, don't you oall him 2 " Seph's eyes andthoseof Ike were turned in the direction Granby had indicated, and they recognised at once the notorious character to whom their chum had alluded. Maori Diok was a gaunt fellow of forty-five or fifty, ill-clad, unkempt and of a generally uninviting aspeot. To look at the wretched creature one wonld not have given a brass farthing for the man, either morally, physi cally or intellectually. But Maori Dick was worth more than he appeared c o be. When he spoke one could detect in his speech and manner traces of a refinemont&nd; ednoation which testified that he had lived a higher life somewhere, and at some time not remotely distant. What the man's real name was no one in the island could tell, nor where he hailed from originally, for when sober he could never be got to speak of either himself or his past ; and when drunk, whioh was often, be was not to be pumped by the most ounning diggor in all New Zealand. For the past ten years the miserable fellow had been knocking about the various gold towns in Westiaud County, and he was familiar as the sua to every old digger within forty miles. Once a week Maori Diok would turn up in one or other of the noted diggings, and after having had & big and deep " drunk" would disappear for a handful of days, to be seen no more of mcu and the world until the drinking fit was upon htm again. Bat the strangest part of the business was this: Although no digger of all the thou sands on the Bonth Island had ever seen Diok : handle either a pick, shovel or ere die, he was always flush of money when he frequented tbe common haunts of men. Where the man got his money from was a mystery to all. and not a few theories had been originated in order to explain the puzzle. Some believed that Maori Dick was a Ecapegraoe member of an aristocratic family in old England, and that his relatives paid him handsomely to keep away from home ; while others there were who averred that Dick was simply an idle digger who had made his pile years ago, and was now spend ing it alter tbe fashion which appeared best to himself ; and, again, not a few digests hinted that the disreputable sot who threw his gold about so recklessly when 44 on the spree" had strode a rich bole somewhere and was working it secretly. When questioned on the point Dick wonld tug with a dirty band at the ragged sheaf of hntp Afchia nhin und nmit a. lav Anr oynical chuelclo. Koit frequently that wu bis only answer, hat occasionally ho would remark, after asking his interlocutor to hare a drink, that his pile was safe, and that he meant to " blue it before he passed in bis checks.1 Haoii Pick was eh eady half drank, and he was pressing everyone about him to drain their cupsend bare another with him. Our three friends only etosped his invitation he- cause they were ont of the field of his obscured vision. ' There is something about that fellow 1 cannot fathom for the very life of me, 'George Granby muttered in a reflective way to his companions. "That is eo, hoes,' the Yankee crawled, in answer. " I reokon, pard, that I nan take tbe measure of most men, hut Sick there I somehow eant get a grip of." " One thing is certain about him, Shell- combe." Granby returned, in a positive tone. " And what may that he, ole man f" Ike queried, aa he filled his lank, hairless jaws with a mammoth plug of tobaooo. - -'He's a university man— a thousand pounds to a hayseed on that. Ho'eof good birth, too, 01 I'm a Joseer. Haven't yon noticed at times how well modulated ids voice is, and how correct is hla KnglishF There's a mystery shout Maori Diok that' Id give s trifle to get to the bottom of. What do you env, Sephf" " I'm with you there,'' vresTlannett's ready response. " That ohsp has a vtoiy like most of uslsnppcss.hatwhatitisloannot even imagine. Bet I do know that he Is a very generous fellow' U spite of ills dirt,- drink mm beastliness in genena." - " How do yon reckon that np, Britisher r asked the American. "I guess Disk's generosity rans to a liquor as it doer with the lot of na." ' Oh no, Ike," Soph remonstrated- " Wait till I tell'you what happened- two or three yean ago, when I first net Disk at . Hoktttka. He Bed been on one of his screes there when I first ran against him, and had painted the whole town red, as vow may readily eappose. But Ida drank on chat occasion had been a bigger and nm lengthy ' one than usual, even with him. "I was hanging' xonnd the .ptaee,' doing ' nothing in partionlsr, hiving jwst finished a- good paying hole np Ksbonags way, where the gold bad given ont, and was wafting for the next rush . 1 " Being flhsh, I was taking things pretty easy, and while' doing the rounds of the : whisky belle, I came across UK tnere, ana nsa not a few drinks with him. He's an awfully good-natured fellow when in liquor, and he seemed to take to ms' somehow. At all events, he wanted me to go en the rsmpege with bun, and offered to find all the rhino for the fun. — Of oourse, I' declined; for 1 wwn't without a niop little heap of dust of my own at that time, and Maori Dick con tinued to paint the tovra o-imson on bis own hook. " One day when his dnst had run out and the bar-tenders of the various saloons were refusing to give him a booze on tick, he met ' with an aoeident— got knookod' ont in the street by a passing cart and Bad his leg broken. " There the poor devil was stranded and helpless after running through forty or fifty pounds worth of dust in a dozen- days or thereabouts. 1 found him lying hi a den where he had been carried, and with no one near who cared a tinker's corse whether he rotted to death or not." " And you, Seph," Granby asked, as Dennett paused in his recital to wet lux whistle with s drop of whisky. " What did you do f" Whatdidiaof What could I do? I had the wretched devil taken to the best hotel in ail Hokitika and placed under proper mediaal attendance ; and I- gave the doctor to understand that I wonld pay for everything — in fact; I did pay in advance — ' and I told him to spars nothing." " And then, Seph r" asked Granby, who had become interested in the story, " what happened afterwards ?" " I left the town in a hurry to join in some gold rash then on np Ikursngi way, end didn't see Diok until thirteen or fonrteen months afterwards. And when we met again things were upside down with me, jon can bet. I and a cham had been working like niggers for months io a God-forsaken hole at Tanrangi and hadn't found enough gold in the cradles during all that time to keep us with dry tommy. '-And to make matters as infernally bad as they could be my old ahum, Soger Wolfendale, took the fever and died. When 1 had buried him I waa stone-broke both in. pocket and in eptrit — hadn't a oopper to curse or bless myself with, and credit for neither a bite nor sop. " I was just thinking of ohooking digging ' there and then and for ever, and of begging my why to Otago, where I might turn laborer at five bob a day, when who should I run against at the door of a saloon but' Maori Dick. " OJB WBB on hUC gU, M OBMMI, VUV HB was sober enough to recognise me at once, and to grip me mat. It didn't take me long to tell him how things stood with me, sind before I knew what I was doing I was in side the place, and had the best the saloon could offer in the way of eatables and drink ables." " Good old hoss !" quoth tbe Yankee; with a sparkle in his small eyes. " There's grit' in the heathen after all. I reckon 1 owe mat old tellow a drink," " But that wasn't all, Shelloombe," Sbph went on. Before we parted Dick dropped five and twenty quid into my handstand when I wanted to talk about repayment sir him wanting some of it he simply ran away and left me. Heoe -then I have -met him many a time, and have offered' him repays ment. But T shall sever do-so again." ' "How's that,- -paid," the Yankee de- manded, eomewSatsbaiply. " Because I do not want to insult him,' was Seph's reply. " Do was Maori Dick ap- Crs to have fallen, the heart of nman £&u; Is in his breast, no matter how mneh ha may try to hide the faot by makings beast of himMlf. . The last time I ventured Is. speak to him about the mcmey he implore! she with teats in his eyes— the first time Tor anyone else ever saw him betray any sign; of feeling— never again to offer him mat', crowning insult after what I bed done foc him ja Hokitika." . "I should like to shake the old vagabond by the hand 1" Gramby borst forth. " There's better stuff is that old demoralised savage than all the gang he is treating there at the' bar !" ' J " I'm with you there, pud," drawled Den, afi he munched bis mouthful of thick 'twist. - " I guess I shall have to znske Maori Dick's acquaintance just for the sakeof telling Um uun ne'e a named new newer scan i sm n think him,'9 ' " Then yoiiTl have a chanoe now, ohtUM, Dennett ededgnddehly, "fob DickVooming ov<r here, I 'can see. HeV spotted me — here he comes." So it was. The tall, gaunt, neglected- looking fellow osme across the place at a gallop, and was wnngbtg ,8sph Deanettfs fist in his own ere the others scarcely reallaea it. . \"r . ""r " How are you, Seph, my boy J- ,ths half- tipsy vagrant cried loudly. " A.U right, Ida see. Yes, fm' on the rampage again/ «n3 . mean to de the thing well anthisespedal occasion. Maori Dick doeerft count the trait - when he is out for -a ttolidayi Are these ' friends of yours, Seph? Ifthey arel shhkld like to feel their hands." u ' " ' Seph presented his cpmradestnitoffidtend. way, and tbe mysteabui 'reraller oimmSsg " (Had to meet yen aM,';gefflftaehJ-jjg»5 ; specially, Seph. I wanttqtelljwiisomSttdngf : some day. Ilut ihat'stidt fhb qnembtfimKfr- It's my ehoutfhis time, BOgive your special v poison a name." . ' r' The drinks were ordered and supplied, aiul . r- astbeydpped them they engagMnlBbn- . venation respecting the gnlly and its ib£fT ze sis. " Been herelbngtgeatlsuioni' Maori Dick < asked as hCpoisea his tamblerm whisky tuid - soda on high, and watched the :aparlding - effervescent bubbles wlttrthe glshoe ed51 oonnmsssur. , ...... " We .only joined 'the 7rtnh; this alter- . noonsaid Dennett. i %Hayeyi>q bran itti|e " Just a few days oay.tMI waeiihkiS'. of moving ; bid l/eU jjttt jMiMr . S . now tor me pleasure oi/yoor rooamony. you gentlemen will only'hdpimefo'&eltSiif; dast yoa will ooufer an therthnable 'tSfiatt upon yours feitkfuHy. '"Whaido- Maori Diok'e speeeh Sas'fnoken - abruptly, and his face changed nolbr frtthDm , - Quickness of a lightaungflarii> HDdftffiF had been arrested by ths yoioee of wombkMK,'; arrivals, and at One of thee h T sturdily formed man of filty/'he'stum usTr; a ghost ordevU wen confronting him. ." Then «At laid 