EI _.tilo e once sidere then, e beast and a from tMilo ome,, een hsis two finger, althou n oma he ov i said to have done it. Iie coul' break by :?utracting his veins and muscles, a ctd tied round his forearm. Oneday;, being in a hous.'with some pupils of Pythagoras, the ceiling threatened to call in, but Vtilo supported the coluoin'oo which it rested, thus Riving his friends time to escape. His death i. well known. Ho tried to tear asunder the stru-st of a tree, but his hands got pincied in ii.- . ood, and being unable to dil engage theta, t.o perished, devouredh bwild beasts. TheagenEs of Thsoso, who, with a hbdlike that of Apollo and the strength of If mles, surpassed all his rivals in all kinds of ozrelcee, won ever -,400 prizes. . Eorybate, ChIo, Euthy o os and Astydamnit won also renown as wdnderful athletes. Theatrength of Samson is too well known to need descrilpti6n here. The tRoman Emperor Calun Julius Verne Maximus was a marvel of strength, being able to sauteee the-hardest stone to powder with his *fingers. Ho. was upwards of eight feet in height, and his wife's.bracelet could serve him as afingerring. - _Salvius, of Rome, could walkup a ladde carrying n001b. n his shoulders, i2001lb. in his hands, and 2001b. fastened to his feet. Athanatus could run round the arena carry= ing t001b. fastened to his feet. Iccus could hold the most furious bull end tear away his horns as easily as one would pull 2.up radishes. Supcandrrberg, King of Albania, who lived in Sthedffteenth century, was reputed the strongest Sman of his time;. He was a man of great stature, and the' power of his arm was such that he thought nothing of cutting two men in halves with one single blow of his sword. Francis of Vivosne, Lord of Chasteignerave, who lived at the Court of Francis I. of France, could stop a bull by seizing it by the horns. Lo Boufdlers, who liv d its the sixteenth cent ' 'treak a bar iron with his ha t man cu ot take from er, four atrosag'toiors co -sic .movA ; he remained as firm as a rock. Sometinie4'ne amused himself by taking on his shoulders his own horse, fully harnessed, anld with thaiheavy load he romeunaded the publie square to the graot delight of the inhabitaote. At about the same time therelivod a Spaniard named Piedro, who could break the strongest handcuffs that could be put rouud his wrists. He folded hie arms on his chest, and ten ian pulling in different directions with ropes could not unfold them. Augustus II., Elector of Saxony, was a man of greath strength; he could carry a man in his open hand. One night he quietly threw out of a window a monk who paraed his palace, pre toirdiog to be a ghost. Augustus's son, the famous Maurice, L1arechal de Saxe, who commanded the French at Fontcaoy, was also a marvelof strength. On one occasion he twisted with his fingers only a long nail into a corkscrew, with which he drew the corks of half a dozen bottles. He could break with his hands the strongest horseshoe. One day when in London he had a row with a dustman, when he seized the -man by the head, and, throwing him in the air, let him drop right in the middle of his own dust-cart. The only opponent who succeeded in resisting him was a wonman, a Mdlle. Ganthier, an act rass. Maurice tried with her to see who could put down the other's wrist, and after a long struggle she won, but with the greatest diffi. catty. T oe power of Mdlle. Gannthier's arm was far bosond the common, and with her fingers she could roll up silver plates as easi!y as any one would paper. Thomas Topham, born in London in 1710, was a man possessed of extraortldisnry strength. He once lifted three casks filled with water and weighing in all 1,. I poulnd. He is said to have had the combined strength of 12 men. He could bend a stout bar of iron by hold ing the two ends with his hands, placing the middle of the bar behind his neck and bringing the two .ends forward. He could also ndo what he had done-tihat is, straighten the bar again, a imuch imore difficult feat. He broke a rope fastened on the ground that would sustain ,0l001b. weight. and lifted an oak .table fit. long with his troth, though a half hundredweight was hung at the extremity. With one handl he raised a oman who weighed 27 stone. Once, seeing a watchman asleep in his box, he carried awayr both man and box ai long die. tance. It is soid of himi that. hsaving been placed on some duty at the eutruance auto of a racecourse, he refused to allow a four-horse coach t- go through; on the drieerfwhippiug nup his horss and attempting to paa, Topham took hold of the bind wheel of the comah and. upset it and its occupants into the roadway. Toplhosin, who kept a publichouse in Islingd ton, bad a-wifs who tnarrelled with him to such an extent that shu drove his to commit suicide. Hercales, Sanmst, tlila and many other wonders of bohlilo etrloeth hadI to giv nay to a woman.; so did Tophlai,. apparently. At about the same time is Topham there livbed another wo derfully etron min, Itichard dsy, whose feata ay possibly have got mixed wit hose nof - hjslf - Ithies bed .OD pounids soitbo ing far more extraordin Oar feat. nws dtrowne s a ernog;;ling expedition sie ten yeanr ha or Tophawm's daub, and is buried in bthe eo chyard of St. Peter's Church, near Broaditairr A ScotchmaL'soud to be the lost of the Stuartl, was i tso possessed of earoordicay strength, frorant which ircumstance be got the byname of Jersty Strength. Among other feats, ho could carry a 24-poundter cauuoll, and had been known to lift a caclosad of hay weighing a ton and a half upon his hack. Many a tine he took up a jackass, and, carry ino it ois his shouldirs, walked throigh the toll-gate. A Belgian giant could stand up under two tons. Jonatbase eowler a Mlassachusetts fisherman once walked at knoee-deep, through the mud and filth of a erashore atlow tide to a shark left by the retirinsg waters shouldered it, and brought italics os his back to the share. The shark weighed 45P O pounds, quite a load, con sidering that it was not the mast portoble of articles, and thet the scait bad to wade through mud. Dr Winehip. the well-knowni Americau athiete, raised from the ground 1,10011,. A seamian on board the celebrated cruiser the Alabama, a Scotchmnn siamel 3ill. could lift a man alarm's length with one band. Abraham Liacoln, the martyr President, was amen of great strength. He could with one blow bury as axe in the trunk of a tree deeper than any ether man, anid lie is said to have thrown across the roadway a pigeon. house weighing 0001b. 