GRAVE AND GAY. The man who is seared at ghosts Is safraid of nothing. Teacher-" What is the passive mood of the verb "to work?" Johnny--"To loaS." It is odd but true that one oan best judge of a woman's character when she is walking. Doctor-" You cough more easily this ,?ruingP" Pationt--" ought to; I p?ractised all night." When the boss of Russia orders a thing to be done the slave says, "Tee, eczar, and goes and does it. In the case of a telegraphers' strike it is just a little doubtful who would hold the key to the situation. Can anybody give a good reason why clocks should not strike when they are required to work over time ? Johnny-" Pa, did you know ma before you were married P" Pa (with a sigh) "Tthought I did, Johnny." "Is Jenks in the swim noradayJ?p" "Guess he must be. His best girl has just thrown him overboard." "Yo think my boy is bound to make his marP" reacher--" I am afraid so. It seems impossible for him to learn to write." He-" And what would you do if I kiased ou P'" She (with digiLty)-" I'd call mamma." (After a pause). " But mam ma's out this evening." Ethel-" Do you allow Charles to kiss you when you are not yet engaged to i P" Mand--"lt isn't an allowance. Ho calls its perquisite." Mlistress-" I wish I knew how to have my photograoh taken so as to please dear Charley," Familiar maid-" Let me sit for you, Miss Emma." Man wants but little here below And gets it it he can ; nut woman aesks for even lees She only wants the man. "There is mo earthly excuse for a toiler who turans out poor work if-" "If what?" -ho takes the right neasures to have his garmente fit." "I consider your eot much hbeneath ne," said the weathercock fowl to one in Ike barnyard. "You're a vane thing," was the quick retort. " Say, pa," said Freddy, " why is it that when you or Uncle George tell a story you alwys get laughed atland when I tall one I get a lickin' P" WVife (aogrily)-" Yee, before you mar vied me, you confessed you loved me." nusband-" YTes; ard I had nothing taken cff my sentence for doing so, either." " Look here, old chappie, just introduce Sto your psetty cousin.," "All right, I'll do so; but mark, if ever you marry her, don't lay the blame on me." She was a very little girl,. Yet strong men fled in fright, ieceusee, you see, that little girl, Was going to recite. "When ir Higgis askedyou to marry nim did you tell him that ho must ask pour mother P"' " I did, but he said she'd fusoed him lng before he ever thought -f asking me." 