THE PICTORIAL. STEEPLECHASE DAY. Br Ixion. Mudlarking was the sport on Saturday at Flemington, and such mud too, black as your hat, with nice little squirty pools of water at every step. The betting area smelt like a tannery, and looked like the Koo-wee-rup Swamp, with the bookmakers dotted about like groups of unemployed. Some of them got bags to stand on, others bits of wood, principally from gin-cases that had seen better days. At times, however, the desire to lay at large would cause them to leave their perches and rush about the Bwamp shouting their stereotyped phrases. "Any price runners " is one of their stock cries, and yet if you ask for a point more than the current odds they at once become abusive. " Here, take ray blooming bag and do it yourself!" said one penciller on Saturday when it was suggested that 7 to 1 was too short odds against Medicine. "Why," he continued, " if I was to play the game as you wants it, were'd I be in a month? In the court, with his Nibs going through me." (This was meant to refer to the insolvency [ judge.) The public had as much difficulty with Daimio's name as the horses at his back had with him in the race. Those who put on | airs called him Daii-mio and Dah- meo. A fair thing seemed to be Dynamo. Those who laid the doable used the word Dameo. It seems' that the proper way of pro nouncing the word is Dy'-mi-o. A Dainiio, it appears, is a Japanese swell, in fact, a squatter who grows rice instead of sheep. Each Daimio is supposed to be worth 10,000 koku of revenue at least. A koku is | equal to a sovereign. The Daimio lives in a house he calls a " Joka," and he has to ante up so many kokus of rice each year by way of tribute to the " shogun," or deputy Emperor, a kind of under-study of the Mikado. The meaning of the word Mikado ' great place." He has some thousand or two other modest titles, such as " Son of Heaven," ** Sublime Ruler," "Great Interior," I &c.; Only his wives and chief Ministers ever I seethe Mikado's lace. His feet never touch the earth ; he sits on a throne behind a | curtain, and when he goes out for an airing he rides in a carriage shut in on all sides. No wonder he requires a Shogun to see him through. What on earth the Japanese people will say when they hear that a mere Daimio beat Mikado out of place in our Grand [ National goodness only knows. Anyway, the Messrs. Gibson brothers had better look out | for squalls. The vehicles by road were the smallest number on record. The box seat on Satur day was a position to be envied almost as much as a throne in Europe to-day. There was an amusing incident on the way down. A lady driving a pair of tiny newly-clipped j ponies suddenly drew up right across the road, as is woman's wont, to put on her macintosh. This brought an assorted cab jload of sports to a dead stop. '"Ere Misses," shouted one, " take that pair o' wild rabbits out of this." His Excellency was down, of course, to see , the *' lepoing." Like a sensible mun, he was ready to take the weather as it came—boxer hat, big overcoat, rolled-up trousers, thick boots, and a good cigar. The perished [Johnnies in the regulation frock coat, silk hat, and patent leather boots had a bad time. They avoided foundering by keeping to the | stand and getting another fellow to do their betting for them. During the hour of sun j shine they came out like dainty flowers—on to the terrace—and for a time made the meet I ing look quite gay. But when the sun had ceased to shine and down had come the rain, like the " blooming little sparrow, tbey flew up the spout again." Nothing damps our spirits under the elms. We are all what the French aptly call in [ their own unapproachable idiom, " Strug-for lifers yet we are happy—a band of brothers. | Some brutal cynic has said that the only •lasting friendships are those of the turf, be | cause each man knows enough about the other to hang him. Of coarse this is untrue, | and anyone who knows anything knows the very reverse is the case. All racing men are | absolutely guileless, and it is because of this freedom from blot or taint they are [ able to meet each other with hearts as light aa the lark's. They are the soul of honour, too. No scrap of writing passes between ! them and the betting men. It is all done on the nod." "A pony on Medicine, doctor V " All right, Mossy." That is all that iB said. And yet it is an engagement forged with fettera of steel. On settling day, the doctor will pay over £25 to Mossy. Had Medicine got home, Mossy would have parted £200 to the doctor. Even on such a day as Saturday, under the elms, we bam " Ma Mie Rosette," take an olive and a cigar at the pavilion, a beaker of the rosy under the verandah, and slosh abont with our easy | consciences in the tan and mud as happy aa the day is short " Ma Mie Rosette " reminds one that Mr. Brownlow was down and going the rounds. [ Off the stage no one would ever guess who he was, and. when he is pointed out it is even then difficult to believe that it is the Henry of Navarre we have been accustomed to every night at the Princess's. He looks more like a j | young Nonconformist minister than an actor, j The profession supported The Actress to a man and woman. The Adelaide people looked on the National as a moral for her, and sent their shekels over in heaps by letter and wire even as late as Friday night, when they knew it had been raining all day, [ ^adahe had to hump a 12.6 bundle the three , miles. The sensation of the day was the Taa manian horse Medicine. He is a bad- j tempered gentleman, and had to have a coat thrown over his'head while his bandages were pot on. Hundreds watched the opera tion. .Inaome mysterious araythe word got about that he was the veritable dork horse of the race. The money was piled on him at the last moment until he became second favourite, and many of the bookmakers refused to go on even at sevens. The only fault to be touud with him in the race was that he was not fast enough. Only that and nothing more. It was the largest field on record, and as the two D's, Dondi and Daimio, led them past the stand, it was a wonderfully pretty sight. Most of the horses jumped, or rather flew, their fences like stags. But there was never more than one horse in it, and he won from start to finish, never making the ghost of a mistake, and coming in in the same condi tion that he went out, save for one tiny spur mark on his off side, as likely as not the re sult of an accidental touch. When the camera was turned on him he stood as quiet as a sheep, just as if he knew what was going on. The second horse got a rare gruelling, his flanks looking like a butcher's shop. An incident to be noted was that there were but three horses under ten stone in the race, and they finished first, second, and third. The Gibson Bros., who own the winner, are twins, both of them, as the Irishman said. They are as modest and unassuming as the famons Cheeryble pair in Aicholas Nickleby. They bet little, if any. The only wager they had on was a dinner with the owner of Oorangamite that Daimio finished in front of him. There is one improvement yet to be made at Flemington, perfect as it is. At all jump ing races there is a woman who attends for the sole purpose of giving one long, loud scream whenever anything comes down, or even looks like coming down. She seems to attend for no other purpose than to scream. She takes up a position just in the centre of the stand, where everyone can hear her. She keeps her eyes fixed on the horses, and the moment there iB a fall, or even a rap, she lets herself go. Mr. Moore has got rid of the female sweep-promoter; could he not stop the female shrieker ! Martin Burke, who had the winning mount, is a second Colonel Cognuc. The only bone he has not as yet broken is his back bone. He has come down in all varieties of ways and in all kinds of places. His jour neys on stretchers to the various hospitals are too many tor him now to keep count. His gallant horse this journey carried him like a feather, and his ride was simply a pleasure excursion. The spiritists to a man were on Cora n stain ite, who put the faithful out of their trouble in the first round. After all, the greatest marvel ia that a horse who has never been sick or sorry a day, done his work regularly on the tracks, jumped like a kangaroo, belongs to owners | as straight as they make them, carries but a feather weight, nine stone three, yet leaves the paddock ut 15 to 1. Bismarck once said the most trustifying thing in politics was to tell the truth, as it puzzles every!tody. Per haps those who saw Daimio at his work imagined he was only putting it on, that his apparent goodness was merely a blind, and that when the day came he would either fall over his fences, or, if he did stand up, would l<e as " slow as a man " at the finish. The story of this year's Grand National should be headed "How we spotted all the horses ex cept the inevitable winner again." 