T0PIC80FTHE WEEK Mr. Patterson has been having on un rooted experience. He meant to be ironical with the Trades-hall Council and caustic with Archbishop, and lo, the one cannot see the joke, and the other surprises him with a gentle sermon on courtesy and nice be haviour, something, indeed, he has never received before from the head of the Roman Catholic Church. One set of circumstances is answerable for both controversies. The Trades-hall Council, thinking it time to be stirring a little summer dust, proposed to organise a deputa tion, which should be headed by bishops and archbishops in order to make a demonstration in force at the Premier's office, on the far off subject of the winter unemployed. The cleigy were wanted to create an impres sion, for a deputation introduced by members of Parliament, when the Trades-ball forms the main body, looks too like make-believe to interest the public or work upon the fears of Mr. Patterson. Various reasons were given by the clergy for standing aloof, and a special one by Archbishop Carr, who said it would be "useless and humiliating" for him to make one in a deputation to the Premier after the manner in which that gentleman had behaved to the committee of the Leon gatha labour colony. The Premier took the Trades-hall orators in baud first, asking them, with elaborate politeness, to put the representations they intended to make in writing, soth&t; the Cabinet should be able (after type-written oopies had been taken) to ponder over them both day and night. Whether it that, through having lost the eloquent and fluent. Murphy, who has not been with them for many a day, they felt that the drawing-op of a statement of case would be aa perspiring and mouth-twisting an opera tion os the penning of the love-letter was to Mr. Sbmuel Weller, or, though members of council can write freely enough in these days ot state schools, they knew that the story they had to tell would look mighty small in blade and white, and be an easy one for Mr. Secretary Thomas to reply to with stately formality, the Trenwiths, O'Sheas, and Grahams of Latrobe-street decided that they would have tlieir procession, their mass gathering, and their - orations, and 110 writing. So they disguised their annoy ance at having been treated to irony, by passing a resolution which they thought would look like an answer in kind. " The Trades-Hall Council is pleased and flattered to learn lrom the Premier that he will feel interested in a written statement oi its -news"-but we want to produce a dra matic effect-play the grand tragedian-and we cannot do that, you know, on a sheet of foolscap. The moral the Premier should draw from this little experience is that 'chaffing" the Trades-hall is as much a mis take as Thackeray says applying the Socnitic method is to little children:-'* The.little crea ture dimly perceives you are making fun of him-writhes, blushes, grows uneasy, bursts into tears. Upon my word, it is not fair to try the weapon of ridicule upon that simple victim. The awful objurgatory process he is accustomed to-lay bare the dire conse quences-expose roundly. &c.;" Such a mode of handling the Trades-hill Council would be singularly appropriate, for this pretence oi anxiety about the winter plainly translates itself into a desire to work political mis chief. It the Premier was wrong in the way ht began with the Trades-hall, he knew how tc leave off quickly with Archbishop Can*. There was every promise at the commence ment of some tournament play. " Mr. Pat terson directs me"-wrote Mr. Secretary Thomas-" to express his great surprise and regret that you should have written such a letter (the one saying that going to see Mr. Patterson was like seeking humiliation), as he is not aware of his having given any cause for such a complaint." The bland and polished Archbishop must have smiled a grace-like smile to himself when he got that note. He had been waiting with serene patience and quiet long-suffering for the op portunity. Mr. Patterson thought Arch bishop Carr might be remembering some thing wicked spoken at some 12th July banquet, and knew he had been most circumspect of speech all through the winter. It was not that at all. It waB the way the Premier had gone be hind the backs of the committee of the Leongatha colony. He had been very suave to them-at first, because they had money to start with, and were mostly clergy men, but (also no doubt because they were clergymen, and likely, therefore, to l>e im posed on) he had sent a spy to Leongatha to inform the Government how the colonists really behaved themselves, and he had Ite lieved the reports of the spy, when, had he been politic, he should have fallen in with the sanguine hopes of the parsons in council. " I complain of his action towards the committee," writes the Archbishop, "action which was calculated to lead the public to believe that we were either shamelessly negligent in the discharge of a public duty undertaken by us, or hopelessly in capable of distinguishing right from wrong in the administration of the trust committed to us." When the fund was raised and the colony formed, the common prophecy was that it would end like most of the business schemes undertaken by well- meaning churchmen, when they ore not building a church, and we have no doubt that the practical reports received by Mr. Patterson were just what any one would have betted on. A philanthropic committee, however, becomes just as indignant when you hint that its plans may be working badly, as a lady is at whist when you suggest that she has revoked. A lady cannot understand being accused of revoking if she did not mean to, nor aphilanthropicoommitteeunderstand your doubting the practicability of its schemes, if its intentions are good. Hut when Mr. Patterson finds that someone he has chal lenged is too cunning of fence, he is very dexterous in ending the quarrel. One reading of the Archbishop's letter sufficed to remind him that the high dignitary who had put tlie sign of the cross at the bottom of the letter to Mr. Secretary Thomas was the same authority who had rained discourses ior three successive Sundays on Bishop Goe, for saying that Christianity entered England by the east door instead of the west. There was promise of an equally long correspondence over the Leongatha committee, and Mr. Patterson was not willing. The winding-up sentence of the Archbishop's letter convinced him of the wisdom of letting the controversy leave off there:-"My disapproval of the Premier's action in this matter does not at all lessen my appreciation of the solid good he has done in other directions, or of the fair and inde pendent judgment he is capable of forming when his mind is not biased by unfair and unfriendly reports." The ending was as good as a benediction, and the Premier contided to Mr. Secretary Thomas that the bit of Paradise the letter concluded with would make it easy to forget the purgatory that went before. There came through the Heads on Saturday a craft which, at a distance, was alike puzzling to yachtsmen and pilots. A small chimney-stack aft suggested that she might be an old-fashioned man-of-war with an auxiliary screw ; her true character was guessed when she came near enough to expose to view the barrel fitted to her main-top-gallant mast, the sheltered look-out post occupied by the seaman sent aloft to catch sight of whales, iu latitudes where the wind treexes through the thickest woollens. From time to time efforts have been made to establish wiialing and sealing fisheries in the Antarctic was, under Government patronage. The venture is too risky to be undertaken without help in the shape of a bonus. There used, long ago, to be occasional whaling in the Southern Ocean, and some of the few geographical discoveries made near the Antarctic circle were, reported by captains in the service of Scotch or Norwegian firms. The trade vvaB given up, 1110 doubt, bccause there was then no market in Australia, and fisheries for Europeans could be found nearer home, put theiiahipa grounds in northern seas are getting worked out, and the treaty recently entered in to by Great Britain and the United States for & time stops sealing in the vicinity of Behring Straits. In these circumstances, Norwegian shipowners and Norwegian skippers are not unwilling toco-operate with enterprising firms in Australia in opening up a whaling and sealing industry in the regions around the South Pole. The queer-looking vessel which entered the harbour on Saturday is the Antarctic, in command of Captain L. Kris tenson, who speaks just enough English to be able to explain what his mission is, and to describe the voyage he has had out. The Antarctic is barque-rigged, and the screw she carries drives her, when she cannot use her sails, six knots an hour. On her way from the Cape of Good Hope she called at Kerguelen's Land, bagging 1,000 seals, whose blubber is expected to yield 96 tuns of oil. Her proposed excursion across 30 degrees of latitude, into the lonely region lying within the Antarctic circle, cannot be attempted till the beginning of the southern summer, in November, so that fully six months are avail able for negotiating with the Australian Governments. The question at present is whether Sydney or Melbourne will find the £1,000 bonus asked for, and give the free site on shore required for boiling-down houses and quarters for the crew. Meantime the Antarctic may take a trip round New Zealand, but if she goes thither we hope she will duly respect the ordinances which prohibit poaching round the islands from which the seals have been well-nigh extirpated by ruthless fishermen. If we are to subsidise whaling and sealing, it must be in localities truly Antarctic, not only for the sake >f the business which the enterprise may yield, but to unravel secrets in geography which have hitherto been kept from man kind. The Challenger, in February, 1874, penetrated as far 6outh as lat. 6f>.40, steam ing along the edge of a limitless pack, . between bergs 200ft. high and from 2,000ft. to 1,000ft. long. Her southernmost point lies ihnost due south of the centre line of the Indian Ocean. Next autumn we shall hope to see the Antarctic steaming into Hobson's Bay with the garland at her masthead, signifying that she brings new trophies from the kingdom of perpetual ice. Among the casual sayings spoken at the shearers' conference was this one by Mr. Spence, that 75 per cent, of the shearers are houseless. How much or how little of the customary reckless exaggeration is pre sent in the statement does not, on the pre sent occasion, at all matter. Mr. Spence brings forward the figures as a reproach to somebody, and does not observe that they are a reproach to the promoters of unionism, as conducted by him and his fellow- experts, who live, flourish, and obtain notoriety by shearing the shearers. What does unionism do at any time to improve the status of the shearers, to make home-keeping men and good citizens of them? The average shearer is a wanderer. He is ever on the walk. The Australian climate is so mild that he can sleep in the open air all the year round. When the cheque he earned by two or three weeks' hard work in the shed has been Bpent-when he has had bis fun at the races, parting with so tnach to the spieler and so much to the roadside innkeeper-he resumes his tramp, and it his provisions are run out he need but make the nearest station by sun down. What does the union agent do to bring the wandering shearer to anchor on an allotment^ and induce him to store honey? The union agent drops upon the shearer when the shed has "cut out," collects his membership subscription, humours him with some bigh-falutin on the rights of labour and the nationalisation of wealth -the nationalisation of the savings of people who have saved instead of knocking their cheques down- and be disappears with a full bag. At meetings and by circulars the unionist is told that it iB wrong for any man to work harder or earn more than his fellows, that levelling down is the great principle, and he 1b promised that the com forts he misses shall i>e made up to him by nationalising the savings of thrifty people who have been so foolish as to save. Worse teaching could not be taught, if the object iB to raise the status of the shearer and induce him to found a home. A word will make this clear. It is admitted that the more capital we have employed the more work there is doing and to be done. Each man's working capacity is his capital-the capital born with him-and if he ie pre vented from utilising it fully-ie. as fully as is consistent with good health and personal comfort-then so much of the available capital of the community is going to waste or lying dormant. Where, under union rules, any class is prevented from utilising its native capital, the effect is the same as if the members of the class were, by the opera tion of surgery, reduced to the level of an inferior order of men. What is the good of our having intelligent Australians in bush or city if unionism teaches them that they should let a large percentage -of their energy run to seed or die out? If there are thou sands of men in the bush who have settled down into nomadism it is because unionism in its blindness is levelling the energetic Anglo-Saxon and the mercurial Gelt down to the dull and easy routine of the wandering Bedouin; and the principle has only to be carried to its full extreme to transform the back blocks ot Australia into new Arabia. The test for any class should be how each man stands at the end of the year, at " stock-taking " time. How many shillings has he in his pocket or pounds in the bank have hiB pastimes become less coarse and bis feelings mellower, or to he just where he was and as bitter as ever towards men who have saved and gone ahead I Unionism can ^ to do little for shearer and bush* iabourerbut practise phlebotomy on them, with the oceasional application of the re* fucing experiment of a strike-a method '-improving men as old-fashioned and empiric as the Wood-letting which enabled Partridge to call himself village doctor ns well as village barber. Wherever English is spoken Mr. Glad atone is a vexed question. He divides the race into two parties. Even the °ut8Ijje spectators of British politics, denizens of the Continent, ot America, of India, of Aus tralia, of Polynesia, lose their tempers dis cussing him. His temperament is a unique combination of the emotional and the intel lectual. The promptings of his emotions he accepts as wisdom from above, and his in tellect is so subtle that it can find reasons justifying and authorising any course that his feelings recommend. Hence the dispu tation among men respecting him. But all unite in admiring his great qualities, and there can be none among his opponents so hardened or so indifferent as to receive without sadness the news which can be no longer doubted, that the octo genarian Prime Minister is going blind. Time has long been baffled in his search for a weak spot in the well-carert-forconstitution of the " Grand Old MAn." Not being able to discover a flaw.thecruel fingers are now draw ing thin scarcely-noticeable curtains over the pupils of eyes that have shone like the eagle's for tbe long term of 84 years. In the figurative languageof the Preacher,the evilday is drawing nigh when those that look out of the windows shall be darkened. The com plaint is not uncommon among the old, who, when it comes, accept it with resigna tion but . the English Prime Minister talks of going to the surgeon to have the growth stripped off his eyeballs, as if the operation were as simple as tooth- drawing, and he were in the vigour of life. He is, indeed, one of the wonders of tlie century, of which he has seen all but nine years. Palmereton held on till 80\. Earl Russell, though he lived to 86, had had enough of office when he reached 74, Disraeli, Gladstone's most noted rival, collapsed at 76, with a suddenness which sug gested that in his lost days he must have been kept going with artificial vitality. The work falling to statesmen in office is very killing. It is only an obscure Villiers who can sit on contentedly year after year on the private members' bench in the House of Commons till 92, or a Bishop Pumford who can stay undisturbed in his diocese till 91, or a Sir James Bacon who can come to time, when wanted, as a Privy Councillor at 95. The longevity of Mr. Gladstone is not as astonishing as the intensity with which he goes on doing his work. This coming on of Mr. Gladstone's blind ness can be only one symptom out of many warning him to take life easily if he wishes to prolong his days, or the cable would not tell us that he has decided to resign. He has ever been tenacious of power. The retirement in 1874 was only to help the public to forget quickly that his first Premiership had been a disappointment, and to make them wish for his return. He was everv now and then ehowing himself to view, and in 1876 he came out to denounce with his wonted vehemence the Bul garian atrocities, as they were called, which had set his imagination on fire. There was great though no doubt uninten tional exaggeration, but the end was served, and Mr. Gladstone was once more the only possible Liberal leader. The resolve to retire now is certain to have been arrived at re luctantly. Not only does be believe im mensely in himself (upon adequate grounds), but he cannot be said to believe in anybody else. Had it been possible for him to have kept on he would have done so in spite of the threatened loss of sight. Other men in great place have done without it. Professor Fawcett, who was deprived of his sight by accident when ft young man, scarcely seemed to miss it. He rode on horseback and enjoyed his gallops, be lectured at the University, he dictated books, spoke from the hustings, made a name in the House of Commons, and presided over the British Post-office. Dandolo, who did not become Doge of Venice till 84, waa a blind old man ot 97 when he set out with tbe Crusaders of 1203 to besiege Constantinople; and without his services the " impregnable city" would not have been taken. During the wars m Asia Minor, a Roman army once matched under tbe orders of a general so feeble that he had to be carried in a litter. In such cases the prestige of a great name is of itself a potent foroe. But Mr. Gladstone, in the r6le of a venerable counsellor, led in to give advice, would be Prospero without his wand. It would not gratify him in the least to be allowed, as Burleigh was by Elizabeth, to wear a cap and sit on a chair in the presence of a sovereign who made every other courtier stand. He must be the master spirit in execution as well as in coun cil or the wild waters will not roar. So if the charm was to go on working the people must be able to still regard Mr. Glad stone as a marvellous as well as a grand old man. The loss of the physical eyesight might prompt the people to fancy they saw other signs of decay. The millions who have been so trustful, trusting even when they did not understand, following even when they did not know where they were being led to, might begin to suspect there was something in the adverse criticism after all, were the spell once broken. Therefore, it was not surprising to hear that he bad announced, with light-hearted courage and matter-of-course audacity of spirit, splendid in an octogenarian, that he intended to undergo an operation which would make the cooleBt beholder tremble to witness. But resignation has proved to be inevitable, and the statesman of mighty energies and magic influence gtoeB up command. He made a mighty effort to complete the work on which he set his heart, hut it was not to be. Sometimes fate is ironical; sometimes, when it baffles ns, it seems to smile not unkindly. . Mr. Gladstone met with seeming encourage* rneut, but the creatof the hill had not been reached before the big stone began to roll back. A cant phrase that fans recently come into vogue is the "living wage." It ie put for ward as sound doctrine that if every worker in every class were paid from day to day a wage that would jtive him and his family their living there would be an end to poverty. . The proposition seems indis putable. We ought each and all to strive to earn a living wage, and so eradicate evil from the world. But the people who preach the living wage draw from the doctrine this single inference, that if it be good to receive a living wage, then it is the duty of some body to pay that wage. How the paying is to be mahaged when times are bad and trade depressed and produce unsaleable is not explained, yet that is the whole problem. The solution of the problem would do away with the necessity in every cose of pro viding for a rainy day, or trying to observe any of the thousand and one wise saws which the old men of the tribe began to formulate lone before the arts of writing and printing were invented. When the demand for woollens falls off and the factory has to reduce its output are so many of the hands to be kept on at full rates (the living wage) and- the rest to be sent to the rightabout without any wage at all! The preachers do not concern themselves with Miat aspect of the question. Nor is it the only awkward inquiry they pass by. What is to be done with men who won't earn a living wage? Before the Common Serjeant in London in January last John llicliardson was charged with foiging cheques and embezzling his employer's money. Mr. Hubbard, the em ployer, had at one time paid him 30s. a week, but found the man to be a " worthless workman," and reduced him to £1 a week, really keeping him on ontof kindness. Had he discharged Richardson there would have been no complaint, but he kept the useless servant on, and the reward he got was being robbed of £00. The excuse the delinquent made was that he was driven to dishonesty through not being paid *' a living wage." A pound a week, he said, was not sufficient to maintain a man and his wife and family, therefore the embezzling and forgery of which he had been found guilty was ex cusable. The defence, of course, was pure hypocrisy, and the aaswer the Common Serjeant gave was a sentence of twelve months' imprisonment ; but the case shows how soon a cant phrase is picked up and put to use. Every man who makes the doctrine of the living wage an excuse for living the sunshiny life of the grasshopper and squandering his earning^ as he goes along laying by nothing for tlie rainy day-is just as much misled as John Richardson pre tended to be. Mr. IBBBCS appears to define democracy as being that form of government which allows barristers and members of Parliament to sit in public libraries with their coats off. Others among us think that the United States is a true example of democracy because the President only receives a salary of £10,000 a year. The fact is that true de mocracy-the government of the people by the whole people-as yet exists nowhere on this globe, and perfection seems as far off as the Day of Judgment. .Ail the world over we see the few governing the many. M'Einley, Harrison, or Grover Cleveland and David Hill, and a few such, rale the United States, with some 60,000,000 of people looking on. The United Kingdom is a limited despot ism, with Mr. Gladstone as temporary despot, and it is a moot point whether during these 30 years past more than three or four princes of evil and powers of darkness at any given time have been answerable for the inisgovernment of die colony of Victoria, no longer called Australia Felix. A recent article on American finance suggests our present line of thought, for it is impossible to believe that any large number of the American people-say, 15 millions of voters -were consenting parties to the deliberate squandering which has taken place under President Harrison, from 1889 to 1893, of 70 millions sterling. Three or four years ago the United States were the envy of the world. Their only trouble was a surplus of £20,000,000, an annual surplus large enough to wipe off in any one year half the principal of the railway debt of Victoria, and nearly large enough to pay the interest charge on the prodigious debt of Great Britain arid Ireland. The surplus was found by Mr. Harrison to be a menace to protection. The tariff was bringing in more money than the Govern ment knew what to do with. They dare not, as Republicans, remit customs duties. The money most be squandered, National bonds, or debentures falline due at an early date, were bought up at a heavy premium, direct fATt>a were given op to state legislatures, bounties were voted to sugar-growers where sugar has been cultivated for a century and a half, useful duties were remitted on tobacco; but the master-stroke of Mr. Harrison's finance was creating an -enormous pension list for the benefit of any and every person who could Bay he had suffered some injury during the war 30 years previously, or bad lost in that war a relative who was a breadwinner or benefactor. The successive officers at the head of the pension depart ment- as was set forth some months back in the Century magazine-vied with each other in beating-up claimants. He was the most zealous Bervant of the Government and the party who signed away the most money. To have caught a sold on the inarch justified a claim; to suffer from deafness in 1892, which might have .been caused by a far off tonch of malarial fever oaught in 1SGL-3, established a cjaim. The pension-list was augmented by £12,000,000 sterling a year. Mr. Harrison not only saved protection, but made it possible for Mr. M'Kinley to bring in prohibit tion. Andoow how do things stand? in 4889 the revenue exceeded the expenditure by £21,000,000. In 1894 th«e is a deficit of £15,000,000. Is it to be believed that the squandering was in accordance with the national will ? How could it be when in November, 1892, an overwhelming vote was given to pull the protectionists up with a round tarn, and undo M'Kinleyiam? The Btate of things these facts and figures reveal shows that really but a few persons at a time | run the governing machine in America, and that it is a mistake to suppose the governing is cheap because the President only draws £10,000 a year, Mr. Harrison's term of four years has cost, in surpluses got lid of and deficits created, £100,000,000. Mr. Andrew Lang continues his researches into ghostly phenomena. Having, in the i Contemporary, shown how striking are the resemblances between modern "psychical" manifestations and old folk-lore stories and superstitions, in the last number of Black tcood he discusses the philosophy of the subject in an article entitled " Ghosts up to Date." Mr. Lang fights manfully on belialt of ghosts, but with doubtful BUCoeBS. He iB evidently very anxious to prove the truth of Hamlet's famous utterance to Hoiatio, but he is too good a judge of evidence to be able to accept all that passes current under that name. The sceptical view of ghosts and apparitions was expounded many years ago by Ferriar and Hibbert, whose works, though spoken of rather contemptuously by Mr. Lang, are still probably the best that have appeared on the subject. Accord ing to these writers such manifestations, so far as they are not pure inventions, are illusions or hallucinations, the. fact that their appearance is sometimes found to coincide with the death of the person supposed to be seen being regarded as simply casual coin cidence. Mr. Lang struggles hard against this common-sense view of the matter. He thinks that duel) coincidences are too nume rous to be thus accounted for, and tries to believe that there is something more in these spectral visitations than mere illusion of the senses. It is, however, certain that there are such illusions. PerBoiiB who are labour ing under mental derangement Bee sights and hear sounds that nobody else can see or hear. It will, perhaps, help us to under stand Buch cases if we consider persons of one-sided mental development. The blind fold chessplayer, for instance, can see with his mind's eye a number of separate chess boards in a manner quite incomprehensible to ordinary persons, and that seems to be a marvellous approach to actual vision. Similarly the painter has a special power of recollecting and reproducing the minutest details of visible objects. William Blake firmly believed that he saw fairies in his garden, and the fact is not difficult to com prehend if we bear in mind that Blake, if not exactly a little mad, had a most un balanced mind, and was constantly brooding over strange and fantastic forms, such as be afterwards painted. Mr. Lang wavers be tween two theories, that ghosts are phan tasms telepathically impressed by one mind upon another, and that they are beings with [a real objective existence, capable of pro ducing effects on material objects. This last is the good old belief, and it hardly seems worth while to give it up for the vague and scarcely intelligible theory of Messrs. Gurney and Myers. If we are not to agree with Ferriar and Hibbert that apparitions are I simply illusions, we may as well accept the view held by savage and semi-civilised man ! for thousands of years, that they are super natural beings, permitted for some inscru table reason to revisit the earth and appear to certain people. If, however, we take this view we must go much further. We must believe not only in ghosts but also in witches, fairies, the mediaeval devil with | horns and tail, and innumerable other super natural beings whose existence has been universally accepted until recent times. The evidence in favour of witchcraft is far stronger than that in favour of modern [ghosts. Is Mr. Lang, are Messrs. Gurney and Myers and the other ghost-hunters of the Psychical Research Society, prepared to stretch their credulity so far as to include the broomstick-riding witch, whose existence ! was amply testified to by Sir Thomas Browne, Sir Matthew Hale, and nearly all the cleverest and most intelligent men of their timet 