Stenograms. BY "ALLEGRETTO." I was just getting converted to the cause of Woman Suffrage when I happened to take up a newspaper containing a report of Sir Charles Lilley's speech at Bundaberg in favour of the movement. That speeoh ba3 thrown me back —if not altogether into the ranks of the opposi tionists, at any rate into the ranks of the soeptioal. For in one eloquent sentence, thrown into the shape of a question, Sir Charles has succeeded in showing that to give woman the franohise is to take a peylous leap in the dark. " Oan man pretend," he asked—and no doubt the women thought it was grand, but I fanoy a good many of the men present must have winked their inward eye—"Can man pre tend he knows woman's soul, thoughts, hopes, aspirations, that he olaims to legislate for her?" It was quite needless for the speaker to answer himself, "He oannot." The answer was understood in the question, and in it he gave himself entirely away, and the whole cause he was fighting for. For he reminded us of what we have all along been forgetting —that woman is a mystery. And what man of sense, I should like to know, will advocate the expediency of endowing a mystery with a vote? If we oan't even pretend to know woman's soul, or her thoughts, or her hopes, or her aspira tions, what everlasting fools we will be if we yield up half our power to her 1 If we oan't possibly fathom what she is and what she is up to, surely to goodness the wisest thing we oan do is to keep her where she is now—under our thumb. Then, again, it is not only a question of woman legislating for woman. She wants to legislate for man also—for me. Well, I ask in turn, does she know my soul, my thoughts, my hopes, my aspirations ? To wbioh I reply, not half .as well at I know hers. For indeed and in truth—though I in turn may be giving my argument away—there is no mystery about women whatever. We do know women, their souls, their thoughts, their hopes, and their aspirations. And Lilley knows them, as his speech evidenced, down to the ground. If the Australian Governments are commended for the unsparing manner in which they have oarried out their various schemes of retrench ment, similar praise ongbt to be given to the Australian ohurohes which have adopted similar measures, and among these St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney, stands pre-eminent for the completeness of its system of reduoed expenditure. It is a sad faot that Christianity is expensive, but the Cathedral Chapter have boldly faoed the fact, and have determined to do with a little less of it till times get better. It was no doubt pure Christianity whioh induced them to select two blind men as organ blowers, and to pay them at the munificent rate of £15 per annum. Ido not oonoeal any sneer in the word " munificent," for I have no doubt that organ blowing was not the only means these men had of raising the wind. Organs are not in the habit of being blown all day long, and it may be taken for granted that the blowers were not exolasively bound to the bellows, but were allowed the right of " private practice" upon the sympathies of the publio in the usual way of the privileged blind. But however that may be, tho faot is that the Christianity whioh selected them has not been able to stand the depreciation in the values of property and the fall of wool and other industrial adversities, and the result is that the salaries of the two blind organ blowers have eaoh been reduoed by 20 per cent. My only object in alluding to the ciicumatanoe is to call attention to the immense amount of history orowded into this one little incident. The story of this period of retrenchment has yet to be written, but when the historian comes to describe the far-reaching effeots of the financial disturbances of the present time, he will save himself a lot of trouble in conveying a notion of the state of affairs to his readers by simply saying that things were so bad that oathedral chapters had to oheesepare the screws of their blind organ blowers. Ghosts have never oooupied a larger spaoe in the public mind than they do at the present time. Thanks to Stead, Myers, Garney, and others they have become quite a feature of every-day life. Some people may sneer at spooks aB mere hallucinations of the brain, but Barely when ghosts have come to be regarded as "real property" it is about time to realise their reality. The circumstances attending the purohase of Cumnor Place, in England, show that ghosts are anything but immaterial. The purchaser of Cumnor Plaoe bought it under the idea that it was haunted by Amy Robsart'a ghost, but finding before long that the Amy Bobsart associations were fictitious, and that consequently there was no ghost, be sued the former possessor to rescind the purohase. That he lost his case does not interfere with the faot that "harnts" are now regarded a3 having a market value, and as by the " law of excluded middle" things cannot be both real and ideal at the same time, it follows that ghosts, being real property, and material to a bargain, are no longer to be sneered at as mere fallacies of vision. People will cease to sneer when they fled tenements going up in value on account of tho possession of a historical ghost. Even the most sceptical of property-owners will be unable to regard apparitions as immaterial when he finds them assisting to swell the profits of a sale. It will, of course, be some time yet before we in the colonies oan boast of historical ghosts. Artfoles of that kind want ago before they can be put on the market. In the meantime, as signs go, a man with a litt capital oouldn't do better for hiß posterity than purchase the premises on whioh somebody has come to a bad end— and start the story. In his great-grandson's time the ghoßt will be historioal. But I forgot. Social democracy will nationalise our ghost property like any other. The fondest delusions of the passing genera tion are melting away like sugar in a oup of tea. Almost every day we have to mourn the disappearance of some cherished idea, and soon ohange and deoay will leave not one of them behind. All along until now beer and tobaoco were considered to be the chiof delights of the British working man; now Borne irresponsible writer, who hasn't even the graoe to divulge his name, comes along and upsets this theory in one fell swoop by declaring that tea and currants are the staple articles of consumptioa in the British Islands. At least that is the iu ferenoe whioh he leaves to be drawn; there is not the slightest doubt about it, for it occurs in two places in his book. Land nationalisera and single-tax advocates, in showing cause for the equalisation of social rights, usually com plain that the tax on the poor man's beer i 3 just as heavy as the duty paid by the rich man on the Barae beverage. The author of " The Story of My Dictatorship," however, makes an entirely new departure, and declaims against the iniquity of making a man who receives a weekly wage of thirty shillings pay just as much for Mg weekly allowance of tea and currants as the millionaire with his income of thousands of pounds per annum. Why the old arguments should be abandoned in favour of such milk and watery substitutes as tea and currants is beyond comprehension, but many of the depar tures of modern reformers are difficult to account for. Fortunately this newfangled writer is an Englishman pure and simple, and is not likely to extend his influenoe as far as Australia. For my own part I intend to stick to beer and tobaoco until it becomes impos sible to resist the march of progress. Somebody—it may be that old identity " Pro Bono Publioo," or "One of the People," or Borne other of the well-known writers to the Press—bewails the anregenerateness of oar colonial youth in respect of faoial decoration. Not long ago it was the flippancy and " cheek" of our 80-oalled Booiety girls that offended the good old bachelor of the ancient school; it is still their cheek that is the "red rag," but in a different sense. The complainant, as the police court prosecutor would oall him, alleges —another polioe court expression—that the use of powder and paint, even among young girls, is increasing in Brisbane at an alarming rate. I believe he is right; but what is the cause ? None other than the growler himself, in common with other members of his sex. Who has not heard, when a new arrival from "the old country," with the English bloom still fresh upon her cheeks, passes along tha street, such expressions as "My word! Isn't she a beauty?" "By Jovel What a pretty girl!" ? Harmless enough in themselves, bat even the flinty wattle seed will germinate whea it falls into a muddy spot in midsummer; and words like these, having fallen upon the earß of other passing damsels, are responsible for the painting and powdering of the face of young Queensland. It is woman's mission—her delight at all events—to please her lord and master (Shades of the Woman's Franchise League defend me!) —and if she imagines that paint and powder lend themselves to that object, paint and powder she must have. A natural peach-bloom cheek in the olimate of Brig bane is a moral impossibility, therefore the Bun-kissed damsel is fain to make use of the requisites that are supplied by the druggist aa substitutes for peach bloom—to wit, powder and paint. We cannot blame the dear oreatures; they only do it to please as, and let as but let them know how distasteful the deception is, and how nice their own unadorned sunburnt faces really are, and they will soon leave Nature to work oat her own end in her own way. 