THE SKETCHER Sixteen Months in British Kaffraria A RED CROSS NURSE'S EXPERIENCE. [CONCLUDED.] After I had become fairly installed in my new lodging in K I had a rest for a few weeks, and had a merry time with a friend (now matron of a hospital in Bechuanaland) who came to spend the holidays with me. About this time I was first brought into contact with some of the Cape Mounted liiflemen. It may rot be generally known that the privates in the Cape Mounted Rifles, with very few exceptions, are gentlemen by birth and education, and such a dashing-looking set of men, as a whole, it would be hard to find in any other part of the world. South Africa may well feel proud of them. Their uniform, which is made to fit them to perfection, is dark-green. The head quarters are at X , and here the young recruits receive their training, and after some months' drill are drafted to different parts of the colony. At the commencement of autumn I had an attack of illness, which obliged me to go to the seaside for a short period. Upon my return to X late one night one of the shopkeepers in the town came to my door and asked me if I oould go off with him at onoe, as his head man was very dangerously ill. I had not quite recovered from ray recent indisposition, and did not feel at all equal to night duty, so I told him that I regretted very much having to refuse, but that I could not undertake the case. He turned from me with a look of despair upon his face, and said, " Well, the young man may be dead by the morning, as there is not a soul to sit up with him, and the doctor has ordered him to be poulticed every three hours. I have my business to attend to in the daytime, and must have my night's rest." It Hashed through my mind that if the man did happen to die (humanly speaking) it would probably be my fault, so I called after him, " I shall go ; return for me in about ten minutes, and I shall be ready for you." Never before had I set off to a case so reluctantly ; it was simply by dragging my limbs along that I arrived at the house where the sick man lay. It was a public boarding-house, and every room was full. The air was oppressive as we entered, and such a din greeted our ears—children crying, and women laughing and talking in the back premises, and the fumes of tobacco seemed everywhere. The landlady looked a kind motherly-looking creature, and greeted me with a bright smile. She took me through the dining-room to a small bedroom opening off the latter. A young child lay on the bed kicking up its tiny heels and shrieking at the top of its voice. When I had donned my cap and apron I pre pared to follow the landlady to the invalid's chamber. She turned as we were leaving the bedroom, and, pointing to the couch where the infant lay, she said, " You can rest there for a few hours in the morning; my sister, who sleeps with baby, won't d'i3turb you when she gets up." My heart sank, and as I heaved a sigh she turned and looked at me, and then remarked, " It's the only room I can put you in, all the others are occupied." Poor woman t My discontented look mu3t have haunted her, as, to my great joy, the room was vacant in the morning, even the Rhrieking infant was gone. To return, Mrs. M , the landlady, led me into n front room, evidently the beßt bedroom. It was large, and comfortably fnrnished; there wf>re two beds, and on the nearest a ycung man lay breathing very heavily. He did not appear to notice our entry, and not until we stood close to the bed did he raise his eyes. Mrs. M said, touching him lightly, "This lady has come to take care of you." He raised himself slightly and favoured me with a prolonged stare, then falling back on his pillow he said in a satisfied tone, " I'm nitre to recover now!" It was nursing under difficulties in that house; the young men boarders came home at all hours of the night, disturbing my patient' 3 sleep very much; the odour of tobacco per vaded every nook and cranny, and it was with the utmost difficulty that I persuaded the younger members of the family to give up strumming upon the discordant piano. One evening I was obliged to pay a hasty visit to my lodgings, leaving my patient to the care of the landlady, and on my return, which was sooner than she expected, to my dismay I found that the sick man had no fewer than six friends visiting him, amongst others a young lady (save the mark !). I just stood in the centre of the apartment and looked at them, one by one ; they simply " bolted." This was the first case I had nursed for Dr. H , the C.M.R. medical officer. At the end of a fort night my patient was out of danger, and I very gladly took my departure, and had three weeks' rest. My next case was that of a young lady suffering from fever. I was treated in this home more as an invited guest than a nurse, and had every comfort that it was possible to bestow upon me. My patient was a very sweet girl, gentle and refined, and I enjoyed nursing her very muoh indeed. I stayed with her for some weeks. My next case was that of a young English man who arrived from Delagoa Bay, where he had contracted fever. As I got up to the house I found two doctors alighting from a carriage, as they had agreed upon holding a consultation that morning. We three entered the bedroom together, and never shall I forget the ludicrous pioture our patient presented, and the look of startled surprise on the faces of both doctors as they beheld the fever- stricken man, attired in a suit of white pyjamas, standing before the looking- glass regarding himself with fixed at tention. On hearing a half-suppressed titter he turned quickly round, revealing a most grotesque countenance; on one side of his face was a beard of over a fortnight's growth, the other side as smooth as a woman's. We three looked at each other, and could not resist a hearty burßt of laughter, especially as our patient made a rush for his bed and hid his face between the blankets, like a naughty schoolboy caught in some mischief. Two or three Beconds elapsed, and then a barber put in his appearance and made an elaborate apology for having left the young man half shaved. He then explained that the razor he had been making use of not being sharp enough he had to run off to his shop for another. Strange to relate, these barbers never show the slightest symptoms of fear when attending to people Buffering from any kind of disease. When the shaving operation was completed to our patient's satisfaction the dootors held their consultation, left in about half-an-hour, leaving me in sole oharge. The landlady, after a long interval, put in an appearance, and she was most profuse in her apologies for not having been to the room before. She was quite a charaotet in her way. Can the reader imagine a female of at least 62, attired in the most juvenile costume, who possessed, even at that age, a really elegant' figure, and a small head gracefully placed upon a well-formed neck and shoulders ? At a dis tance of ten yards the contour was perfect; one might almost have fancied her "sweet seven teen," but upon a nearer view the angles and wrinkles were very apparent. She spoke well, and, what was more uncommon still, in one of her rank of life, she walked well; there was grace in her every movement. The house, whioh consisted of five rooms and a kitchen, was spot lessly olean, and was furnished simply, but with good taste. Having attended to my patient's wants and seen that he was as com- fortable as could be expected under the circum stances, I was induced by the little dressmaker to follow her to the kitchen, where she had lunch prepared, a tiny Hottentot girl acting as waiting-maid. I expressed a slight un easiness as to being so far from ray patient, as I feared he was becoming slightly delirious, but the little woman pooh-poohed the idea, and bade me recollect that he had been quite alone the previous night, and for hours during the day, as she had but little time to look after him. Presently a shadow fell aoross the doorway, and looking up I beheld to my great horror my patient coolly walking about the garden with a top-coat on, just a pair of bedroom slippers on his feet, and minus hat or cap. I gave two or three bounds from where I sat, and clntohed him by the arm, at the same time demanding who had given him permission to leave his room. I hurried him along, he all the time looking like a frightened child, and once more landed him safely in his bed, from which he did not rise for many days, for next day he was very delirious, and kept on telling me tales of his life up country, invariably shrieking the final word in each sentence at the highest pitoh of his voioe. It was a pretty rough time for me, as I only got from 3 a.m. until 7.30 a.m. to rest, and had to be on duty all day until the follow ing morning at the same hour, resting on a couch as hard as the bare floor. I was glad when the young man got better, as it was not the happiest house to nurse in. My next three cases were not interesting ones by any means, and life jogged along pretty smoothly for some weeks. When at lunch one day my landlady rushed into the room, looking as white as a ghost. She managed to gasp out between hysterical sobs that the wealthiest man in the town of X—— had fallen dead in his office whilst in the act of holding out his hand for a pen which a clerk was handing to him. The funeral on the following day was the largest I had ever seen in South Africa. On the night following this last event we were aroused from our slumbers by the loud tolling of the prison bell, which always gave the alarm when a fire took place in the town. Men, women, and children rushed into the streets re gardless of appearances, many of them in their night attire. It was a scene that I shall never forget, as it was the largest fire I had ever seen. In spite of the efforts of the fire brigade, and the help of several of the Cape Riflemen, the Bank of Africa, a very large warehouse, and two barbers' shops were a smoking ruin before midnight. As the floors and roofs came down with a thundering boom, and as the crimson flames shot upwards, it was one of the grandest and yet the most terrible sights I had ever beheld. In a day or two after this event I went to take charge of a case of diphtheria in the Girls' Collegiate Sohool. My patient was of oourse completely isolated from all the other pupils, and 1 was not even permitted to go downstairs, but was treated with the very greatest courtesy by the lady principal. Not satisfied with sending two of her servants to bring me my food, she and her sister waited upon me also, bringing me little dainties with their own hands up two or three flights of stairs. I had a very comfortable time whilst there. My next case, and the last I attended in X , was a curious experience. A gentleman came for me two days after my return from the sohool and asked me to attend his wife, who, he said, was very ill. My duties here were of a varied character ; I was asked to superintend the cooking for the whole household, mend the children's clothes, darn the husband's socks, stitch in his buttons—in fact, to overlook and keep in order the wardrobes of the entire family, invalid inoluded; open the door, interview all visitors, and write notes at any and every hour. Although there were two Kaffir servants in the bouse I had often to rush out in the street and take the bread from the baker's cart, write the daily orders for household requisites, open and examine all parcels delivered, read to ray patient, and very often to dress the children. When there was nothing else to be done my patient sent me into the kitohen to see if a certain pot was on " a full boil," or if the youngest child had fallen asleep on the nursery floor. I rarely had five minutes to myself, unless my patient was occupied in talking to a friend, for she never once closed her eyes in the daytime, and it seemed to worry her if I took up a book or paper. I slept on a sofa close to the drawing room window from 5 a.m. until 9 a.m., and both husband and wife considered that too long, as they woke, me up at 8.30 after the first week. For the first few days I had neither pillow nor sheets, and was given the lady's cloak to cover me. I took the liberty of making use of the door mat to throw over my feet when it was particularly chilly. Afterwards I was given a pillow, pair of sheets, and a blanket. At the end of the third week my patient thought I might go for a walk. I smiled as I thought of other trained nurses in the old oountry and in the other parts of the colony who got an hour at the very least for outdoor exercise daily. I remained at this case for five weeks. As the warm weather was now beginning to set in, the thought of a summer like the preced ing urged me to change ray mode of living for at least a year or two, and I made up my mind to leave South Africa. When the subject was mooted a great number of the nicest people in the town begged of me not to leave X . I never realised until a week or two prior to my departure that I had so many friends. Presents of every description poured in upon me daily, and more than one party was given in honour of me. I almost broke down as I stood upon the platform at the X—— Railway Station and saw the crowd of kind friends who had oome to see me off, among the others some of the doctors with their wives. A party of young ladies moved to the extreme end of the platform, and as the train swept by they waved their handkerchiefs, and a cheer rose. The " good-byes" still ring in my ears. Now, as I sit on the deck of the steamer T , and watch the grand old mountain re ceding from my view as I steam out of Table Bay, bound for Australia, my heart gives a big throb, and I feel the tears dropping slowly one by one as I wish, oh! so earnestly, that I had never left the sunny Gape. P. P. ABERDEEN-ANGUS HEIFER, PRIDE OP THE HIGHLANDS, THE NEW LAIDLEY CO-OPERATORS AT WATAWA PLANTATION. [Photo by W. E. Porroux.] 