fflDER: TIE SHADOW y'i:i.":OF:CE[ME; . -J-J- '.'. . : OK ; ; TH& MASTERY OF CLEMENT DUN ; .Ir' ' RAYEN. . ' . By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of -" A Girl in a Thousand," "Sealed . by a Kiss," "By Fair Means," &c.; Publilhed by special arrangement with the author. 'C ! All lights reserved. ; - Chapter XII.—A Rash Act. / 'Why did not Pierce Vaughan propose to , . ®lvira'Delane and recoup himself by her ample • fortune for the disappointment his uncle's will had-occasioned- him ? -Had be done so muoh thaf .wasfrpublesome and difficult would have been overcome. ^ But it was-not in Pierce Vaughan's nature let bygones be bygones and seek philosophi , joallyto make the best of life. ■ He must for ever be fretting and searching ' ipid : iptriguingi Were it not for such as . he the'world"would roll on easier wheels, but then perchance, misdeeds and oruel wrong would frequently pass unpunished. . He had :'a grudge against Clement Dunraven for fobbing, him, as he considered, of his birth " right;- Cheating him out of AboyneJ Court as he "shrewdly suspected by no fair means, be was reaolyed to leave no stone unturned until be bad. in some way revenged himself on Sir Clement. ■ , All this was far nearer his heart than either : 'Elvira Delane or her gold. /. Besides,idainty little beauty though Elvira Was, she scarcely of late usurped the first place in his feelings, if a man so devoid of real affection .* as Pierce Vaughan was could be •'credited.with feelings. '-1 .Elvira herself thought that Lady Mareia Eoljambe. was her rival, but in thi3 she was .mistaken, .Lady' Marcia was merely a useful % fciend, a: stepping-stone by which Pierce \- " hoped to carry out some of the schemes he had . in view.- • The individual for whom he .had elected to conceive a passion, probably because she avoided and flouted him—was Lisbeth Glen dinning.' ; ' .-■ •No more complicating or disastrous attach ., .'merit: could; under the circumstances, possibly : have arisen.. When Pierce Vaughan came \ down to Brentwells to stay at Lady Marcia's and preteud to the world that he was the de voted, cavalier of the gushing widow it was bs cause he-knew that Lisbeth had returned to • the Coleshill Cottage and that he: could oc-. casionallyi.walk.over andi as he hoped, improve \- the occasion with her. /''LtWari'only-a few hours after Jim'Gleh dihning-'s departure that he started across- the fields to pay his first visit. -How he would be received he' did not know and—new Bensation • to this blase cynic, he dreaded the reception . be might-meet with from Lisbeth, presuming it should be a cold one, until he felt as shy and uncomfortable as a boy of eighteen bound on a love affair for the first time. • To reach the cottage from Brentwells it was 'necessary .to go through Coleshill and there he saw a good many, of the idle inhabitants stand ing about in groups talking, amoug them was the garrulous old woman he had previously met in the cottage gardeu. , She recognised him at once and made curtsey, probably in anticipation of a tip. .But Pierce Vaughan was one of those men who gave V nothing for .nothing and very little for a halfpenny." He might perchance get a balf • ;penny worth out of this old hag he thought, §6 he called, her. to come - and speak to him, asking her what event of importance had ' occurred in whieh.half at least of the Coleshill .^population was so interested. • " It's either a ghost or a backslider, your -honor, and no one can just make up their ' iniads which it is." What the deuce do you mean by a ghost or a-backslider, old mother ?" ' _ ".Why, . Jim Glepdinning, Lisbebh's father, . 'tis'was convicted for a bad burglary and-got twenty years. • In the flesh or out of the flesh \- he has walked through the town this morning , , rind Sam Styles he do say as he seen him yesternight." ' ."Pooh-^nonsense. Sam S tyles must ha vebeen drinking, and he had set you all off believing in;'the absurdities he has seen in his cups. . ?im" Glendinning has been dead, this many , a day.' Old Josh told Sir Louis all about it "years ago." . :' " Mercy alive, then it waur his ghost. I said 'as' it waur. Lord, I feel my back is a openin' and shuttin'. I seen it myself." Pierce Vaughan laughed. ' " You have seen some stranger who has a resemblance to Jim Glendinning, or what you all imagine Jim would be like if he were alive. And you get up as muoh sensation as if the world were coming 'to an end. I thought the \- Coleshill people had more sense. Upon my word I am ashamed of you alL " . "An,, you great-gents .haven't no belief," \- said the old wife with a sigh. - _ It .did not please her to.be cheated out of her link, with-the supernatural., The only compen sation, for which would be- the horror they would/-, all "/feel at having such a vagabond as Jim1 Glendinning once more in their midst. "I.'beUeva' in: sotdething," replied Pierce Vaughan/'still, laughing-, but looking very oynieal.,:-" I believe that a bit of coin will lay most ghosts.?' _ He put his hand into his pocket and at first intended to give her half ' a sovereign, the next instant he came ..to the. conclusion, that five ^ shillings would' be enough. So he handed her five shillings and told her to refresh herself, and her /neighbors and lay the ghost, for no good would come ■ to Coleshill as long as Buch-like tales' were bandied from-mouth to mouth. She made him a deeper curtsey than before and assured him his spirit would never walk ; he would rest peacefully in his grave, if only for that, day's kindness. With five shillings' fierce Vaughan had bought the good reporb of the Coleshill gossips, and if he had not' laid Jim Glendinning's ghost he had laid the talk his-own occasional visits to the c'ottage..mighb have occasioned. - On leaving the old woman after giving her this magnificent present, he said in a casual tone— "I was going up to-Aboyne Court, but I will go round by tbe cottage and see if Misa Glendinning has heard or been annoyed by any of this nonsense." Pierce Vaughan wa3 never really haDpy unless he'could pave the way for his next step forward.' ; " So," he muttered to himself, as he strode oh, leaving the High-street behind him, "that blackguard" has found his way down here, ha3 he ? I shall have to be careful, very oareful, or he will spoil my' game with Lisbeth; yet he is a useful'man, a'very useful' man. Unscrupu lous people; who will do your work for a con sideration and who can hold their tongues are not to be fallen/in with eyery day, and this man can hold his tongue. • I have discovered that by his reticence in' personal affairs. Pity that LisbetbTTas gdt'such a father, it will spoil . her ohance of-marrying. - She is beautiful as Juno, a paragon of. a woman, and there is no saying—were it not fop him—but that I . If she only had bliss Delane's money! You not.lose your head Pierce, you must nob lose your head... There are. many considerations to be studied."/' And somurmuring.to'himself he sauntered in . at ,the front door, He, was, just about to do so a second,time.when Lisbeth opened it, no very delightful expreisjon coming into her haudsome face "when she saw who her,visitor was. Neither ih London nor ,at Coleshill was she to be free frcrm'this mari's.assiduities J She' would have bidden him go about his business arid have slammed the door in his face .only expediency—the gaunt giant that Kays so.many/Qi our .actions—forbade it. : Lisbeth found herself forced to be civil and 1 look pleasant. Three minutes later Pierce. Yaughan was j even sitting in, the chair Clement Dunraven had occupied on the previous evening and was gazing round the pretty parlor with a very ap proving glance. He thought th!at this beautiful girl was even less "of . the people" than he had imagined her if she could arrange her room with so much artistic taste. His eyes wandered -froaa-'-theee surroundings to her faoe and the ardent admiration they showed all too plainly .caused the hot blood of indignation to redden-.Lisbeth's cheeks, thus rendering her, although,She-was quite unaware of it, even more attractive than before, en hanced, as her .beauty .was'by the flashing of her dark eyes and the- proud toss of her well poised head. ' ' ■ " Teach not thy lips such scorn, for they were made for kissing, lady—not for such con tempt," said Pierce,, quoting Shakespeare, though of this Lisbeth was ignorant, since in book-lore she was wholly unversed. In fact it would .have been very difficult to have collected'si'x b'poks in Coleshill Cottage, for though Lisbeth had had a fair education and could- read easily-and1'"wtite grammati cally,. she -.had. always^found-too much work to do in her .home ifq. have .time to sit and read. > .->.1.-':'■'-*' ''■ •" Not having any intimate acquaintance then with the great' bard's immortal plays Pierce Vaughan's quotations ' riled' her to madness. How dare he talk about-kissing her lips and in a fury she forgot expediency and bade him begone if he had come there to insult her. Her anger, however, had quite a contrary effect to what 3he intended, for it served only to mako him ten times more appreciative of her charms. •He-gloried that .he bad aroused the lion m b'er nature, still he ivas shrewd enough to know that if she were!,to be won she must be gently wooed.-- • He - did' not,- however, recognise what difficult task he had undertaken. Not that he would have shrunk from it on that account. To find out what had passed between Lisbeth and his cousin. Clement Dunraven was ever present in his mind aud that he would do so with less-difficulty .on -account of his own newly-born infatuation for. Lisbeth he felt certain. • . , , . , " Quiet dowD, soft dove; and do not let your burnished plumage bB ruffled by a few quoted words. Come and tell me bow you like being back at Coleshill and why you escaped out of London so quickly.", . So saying .ho took li6r»by tno nana and. brisci to induce her to take the seat be3ide him. He little knew Lisbeth or,-! he would have beam aware that each word-he uttered, each sign he made, was rendering him more and more dis tasteful to her. , , , V: i s , , She hated Pierce Vaughan with a deep and bitter hatred, commencing!; at her first ac quaintance with him,- and; intensified by the dread she felt of him when' She became aware that be was Clement Dunraveu's foe. If he were going to add insult to injury by making love to her there was no saying to what length her fury, if nob carefully guarded, might not The complications which had surrounded Lisbeth of late were making her very despe rate, and it is dangerous for a man to play with a desperate woman, even though that man be as clever as Pierce Vaughan believed himself to be.- . She started back from his touch, tossing his hand from her as though a viper had stung " I will nob sit down,-" she said, ' nor tell you aught of my affairs. You are a gentle man I am humbly born, seeking to gain my livelihood by. honest means. Compromising myself with a gentleman like you, will not help,me." "• ... ..„ ; „ . ."I-don't know that," he said; "you are angry and do not see things clearly, or you would recognise that ib is good to have a friend, even though that friend is an objec tionable-gentleman like myself. . . . "I, don't want any gentleman; lb is better to starve and be honest." " Yet I am not the only gentleman whose acquaintance you have made. Ah, Lisbeth, why should I be treated with-a scorn you have not bestowed on——" " On whom? What do you mean ? You are taking strange liberties with my lowly posi tion, bub you had besb be careful, Mr. i Vaughan, I am not so unprotected as you | think for." \ . ■• " Of course not; I forgot your father has re turned and——" ' ' ' Whether.it was with Sir Miles Berkeley or Sir Clement Dunraven that he was going to link her, she did not stop to learn, for she in terrupted with— " How do you know my father has re turned ?" ' , •• _' , .„ . , " I am not deaf. The- whole of Coleshill is | teeming with the news.'' She was white as ashes now. and held firmly 1 to a chair for supporb. ' It was gall and worm- j wood to Lisbeth's proud nature to know that-, Jim-Glendinning was her father and that] townsfolk should know he had returned. ".Well, yon see you may want a friend. Remember, too, that l am in the law and that my knowledge and services are always yours to command. Come, Lisbeth, forgive if I have angered you, I am a Ead bungler at winning a lady's favor, aud if you do not like the honeyed speeches most women love you shall have no more of them." She did nob heed the latter part of his sentence, bub murmured— " What have I to do with law? ,Wby should I want a lawyer to help me ?" It seemed as if Pierce Vaugbah's offer was i an evil omen, for if the law ever meddled with | Lisbeth's affairs that would probably be re vealed which it was the aim of her life to keep hidden. • *'• Nor could he have given any reasonwhy he offered law services ; so he amswered lightly— " We none of us know what we may want, I would merely impress on you that you have a friend in case of need and ask you to forget that my rash words have displeased you. Come, shake hands, will you not ?" Somewhat reluctantly she responded to hi3 invitation and gave bim her hand, feeling a very Judas the while; for to have known that he had gone away for ever to a distant land or that he had ceased to exist would have made Lisbeth truly thankful. * This man her friend —never—she regarded him as her bitterest foe. His interest was most to be dreaded in all the world, for was it nob to his interest to unravel the dark secret of her life and use it for biB advantage and her destruotibn. ' Having gained his point arid forced her into giving him her hand Pierce Yanghan was loth to part with it. ' 'It was'a shapely hand .and he held it with pleasure. Lisbeth wore: no ring3; since she dared nob wear the ring with which Clement Dunraven had wedded her she would have none, though' in her drawer upstairs, locked away with other valuables, were two or three that would have made the eyes of every con noisseur in gems glisten. "If I bring you a ring will you wear it in remembrance of the compact of friendship we have formed to-day?" asked Pierce, half afraid nevertheless of the answer his temerity aright call forth. And in truth he had once more roused her ire. . "Never!" she oried. Rings are nob for the like of me and you are a bad man and a | false friend to try and compromise me." ." Rigid virtue ! Pattern of humility ! Oh, Lisbeth Glendinning, how shall I ever win you | into believing in me?" he asked. "Lebme be, go your own way and I'll go mine. If ever I wand you I'll let you know, that's best," sbe replied,, forcing herself into the concession of seeming/ to be friends with him. • "And may I-not come and see you some times?" "What for? It's no good.either no you or me that you should be coming here.' I am going to turn this cottage into a home for babies and old people,~and to have gentlemen about will be sadly in the way." - " Do you mean to say that I am the only man who comes here to see you ?" "That, -I- guess, is "my business and! riot yours, if I answer roughly; but wishing to be polite I say I'll have no men dangling- about at all. The doctor and may bB the parson will be bur only visitors." "And what about Sir Miles Berkeley ?" "He is'iny grandfather's old"master and was left executor to his will. But he never hardly comes here. I don't know though why I should make these explanations to you. It isn't your affair, is it?" "No, not altogether, but my deep interest in.you makes me anxious as to your welfare. I hope Clement Dunraven-has not wholly given you up since he inarried." There' was a sickening feeling at Lisbeth's heart and for a momenb she felt as if she were going to faint! She managed, however, with a violent effort to remain calm, but ib was a crucial ordeal through which Pierce Vaughan was putting her. " I never see air Clement," she said in a dead level voice, "but Lady Gertrude has been here once about an old wpman for whom she wants a home. I wrote to Sir Clement stating what I intended to do and his wife answered the letter in person. Are you satis fied ?" He was nob; he was perplexed, but he did not tell her so. Could ib be possible that after all there had never been anythiog between Clement Dunraven and this woman that she was the rigid puritan she pretended. Impossible. The letter he found in tho wood must have been from her, besides various other incidents that ;hehad noted pointed to their intimacy; no, she was seeking to blind him, he must be doubly observant. : Once she was in-his power it would be his to decide whether he would win her and be silent, thus sacrificing his grudge against Clement or whether he would let her go and embrace the opportunity to part Clement from his wife and possess himself of his fights. ' t -^So great had become his infatuation for this woman who loathed him that he was already Wondering whether he would riot give up for tune'forher sweet sake. [ lb were vain to press his suit further that day. He, however, determined and therefore rose to take his leave, telling her that notwith standing her desire to have "no danglers" he should look in when he was in the neighbor hood and see how the home for first and second childhood was progressing. " Thankful to be rid of him she accompanied him to the front door, which she threw open to let him pass out. To her utter dismay and his no small delight- coming up the garden walk was Clement Hunraveu. . In the eye3 of both men as they looked at eaoh other was expressed mutual hatred, which they both so strongly felt but usually strove to conceal. Clement Dunraven had just heard of the appearance of Jim Glendinning at Cole3hill, hence the reason of this rash act. He was anxious to discover if ib were true and if it would make any 'difference to his beloved Lisbeth. " Qui s'excuse s'aecuse," as says' the French proverb. He began • an explanation about Lady Gertrude and a message which Pierce Vaugban in no wise believed, bub shrugging his shoulders he walked away more resolved than ever to fathom the mystery thab enshronded Lisbeth and his cousin. 