RAILWAY REVENUE. The net decrease in railway revenue for March as compared with the corresponding month of last year amounts to £15,161. The comparative statement of the two months is as follows :—Southern division, decrease £8940; Central Railway, decrease £5834; Mackay Railway, increase £64; Bowen Railway, in- crease £9 ; Northern Railway, increase £377 ; Cairns Railway, decrease £64; Cooktown Rail- way, decrease £61 ; Normanton Railway, de- crease £712. PROPOSED FREEZING WORKS. A few weeks ago we published a report of an interview with Mr. F. A. Brodie, of Lorraine station, Carpentaria, in which he described an enterprise which the Graners' Butchering Company were about to undertake at his in- stance in the Gulf district—namely, the estab- lishment of meat freezing and preserving works on the shore of the Gulf of Carpentaria. In pursuit of the proposal Messrs. Harry and Ernest Baynes, representing the Graziers' Butchering Company, left with Mr. Brodie on Saturday for Normanton. During the visit the representatives of the company will meet delegates from the stockowners and endeavour to make arrangements for supplies of stock and to fix upon a site for the works. Mr. Brodie is confident that the Gulf pastoralists will not let this opportunity slip, as the low price now prevailing for cattle and sheep makes it urgently necessary that some additional outlet should be provided for the large annual increase of their herds, and it is hoped that the terms that may be arranged will be mutually satisfactory. FROZEN MEAT TRADE. Mi Robert Galloway, representing Messrs James Nelson and Sons, who are large retailers in the English prounecs of frozen meat, is at present on a visit to Australia, his object being to ascertain the prospects of establishing a du cet trade in that olass of meat botsvecn Aus traban shippers and his firm Mr Gallowaj has beon invited by the Premier to extend his visit to Queensland. Mr Sinclair, of Messrs Wildridge and Sinolair, Australian ropresontativos of tho Lindo British Rofngerating Company, is visit ing Queensland in connection ss ith the extension | of tho works of tho Queensland Meat Export and Agenoy Company and tho fitting up of j froren meat woiks at one of the Northern ports BRISBANE MUNICIP \L COUNCIL Tho business of tho Brisbane Municipal j Counoil was got through expeditiously yester day Several important matters were dealt with, notably two motions by Alderman Clark, one having for its object an alteration in the constitution of the council and tho other seek mg to subsidise tho Technical College Both wero referred to committees. Some discussion took place on the question of the percentage to be allowed to the Pire Brigade Board The board asked for 7i per cent on the council's rovenue (tho maximum allowed bj the Aot is 8 per cent, and that paid last j car was 4)¡ per cent), whioh it wis estimated would return £1500 Sosoral piopositions were made it bomg eventually ngreed to give the board b} per cent Accounts amounting to £2022 svero passed for paymont In the report of tho Committee of the Whole ss as a letter to tho pro pnetor of the Columbia Skating Rink offering £225 for the building (arrears of rent to be forcgono m addition) Amongst notices of motion was ono by Mr. Watson, asking the Government to allow of the introduction of a bill to enable the counoil to borrow £300,000 to bo utilised in oairjing out a system of sewerage for tho oit), and another by Mr. Thorne preferring a similar request in respect j of an amount not naraod to be desoted to con structing ssater tables and la>ing a pontoon | bridge fiom the Tast Waid to Kangaroo Point QUEENSLAND DEPOSIT B VN1C An extraordinary general meeting of mem bers of the Queensland Boposit Bank and Building Sooioty, Limited, was held m the Couriei Building last evening There wore presont-tho lion B B Moreton (late ohau mau of ditectors), I. T Brentnall MLC,| G W Rosser, M L C, J Hipwood, and A Oseront! (late directors), and about tsventj five shaieholders Tho late chairman explained that, as all the direotors had sent in their resignations, in aocoidanoo with the nesv schomo, theio was no boaid of directors, and ho called upon the nieoting to eloct a ohairman On the motion of Mi Corrio, tho Hon B B Moreton was appointed to that position Ho then oxplamod that tho businoss be foro the meeting was the adoption or othersviso of a resolution tho eftoot of which was to alter the aitiolcs of association of the sooioty as decided upon by tho nosv scheme Tho losolution, whioh wai a long one, was taken as road, and ho pomtod out that the alterations made by tho adoption of the resolution could bo divided into two classes-one afiocting the shareboiii»rS) I and the other the new directors who would be oalled upon to represent theoreditors under the new arrangement. The society's solioitor, he said, had gone oarefully through the various alterations, and they were such as had been sanctioned by the Supreme Court. He then called upon some person to move the adoption of the resolution. Mr. W. Pearse reponded by moving that the various seotions of the resolu- tion be passed in ¡¡lobo. Mr. Thornton Smith seconded the motion, and it was unanimously adopted. The meeting then adjourned. BRABANT AND CO. V. T. M. KING. The hearing of the aotion brought by Brabant and Co. against the Government to recover the sum of £8000 in compensation for the loss of a large quantity of explosives damaged or destroyed while stored in the Government magazines at Eagle Farm during the 1803 floods, was continued in the Supreme Court yesterday before his Honour Mr. Justica Harding and a jury of four. Furthei evidence for tho Government was given, and their case was then closed. Mr. Rutledge addressed the jury at considerable length on behalf of the Crown. Mr. Virgil Power, senior counsel for the plaintiffs, will reply this morning. His Honour will then sum up. The proceedings, it is expected, will probably take up the whole of the day. THE QUEENSLAND REFEREES' ASSOCIATION. The annual general meeting of the Queens- land . Referees' Association was held at tho National Hotel last evening. Mr. W. H. Beattie presided. The secretary read the report and financial statement for the past season, which was considered highly satis- factory. The following office-bearers for 3894 wero elected, namely :-President, Mr. W. H. Beattie ; vice-preBÎdents, Messrs. Wilkins, Wickham, and Durham ; delegate to Queens- land Rugby Union, Mr. W. H. Beattie ; hon. secretary and treasurer (re-oleoted), E. J. Beard. It was decided to obtain suitable silver badges to be worn by the association umpires. This was left in the hands of the secretary. THE EXHIBITION ORGAN. Mr. P. R. Gordon states that his appeal to the professional musicians of Brisbane to save Brisbane the disgrace of parting with the Exhibition organ has been followed with the most gratifying results. Ile has already received sixteen offers of cordial assistance and co-operation. It was stated that he had only received one refusal, but he wishes to explain that that was only a conditional refusal at the then present stage of the scheme. Several of those who were appealed to are absent from town. On receipt of replies from them a meet- ing of the ladies and gentlemen who have kindly volunteered their services will be held to determine the character o f the concerts to be given, and to nominate some one with special aptitude for that description of business to organise and generally " run" the con certs. QUEENSLAND YACHT CLUB., The monthly meeting of the committee of he Queensland Yacht Club was held last even- ing in the National Hotel. There were present Messrs. R. H. Lawson (oommodore',t in the chair, J. G. Vidgen (vice-commodore), W. Knight-Eaton, R. P. Earle, W. P. Cameron, H. G. Browne, W. Goodall, J. H. Whereat, Weatherill, J. Clark, and Cyrus Williams. Letters were read from tho secretary and vice commodore of the Johnstqne's Bay Sailing Club, thanking the members of the Queensland Yacht Club for their attentions to the Sydney visitors to the recent sailing races in Moreton Bay. Mr. Cameron submitted the report of the sub-committee who had worked up the .inter- colonial races. The balance-sheet showed a surplus, and this it was decided to devote to a sinking fund towards payment of the debt on the club premises. The hon. treasurer reported that the club funds wero in a satisfactory state. It was decided to apply to the Admiralty for registration of the olub at once. Two new members wero proposed for ballot at the next meeting. THE UNEMPLOYED ON THE GOLD- FIELDS. '* A statement having been made to the effect that the Department of Mines in Queensland did not appear to do as much as was done in other colonies to develop the mining resources of the colony by assisting people to get on to tho goldfields, it has been explained on behalf of the department that there are already many miners out of work on the various reefing fields, but that any deserving bonil fide miner who applies for assistance to get to any of these fields in Southern Queensland is never refused aTailway pass. The wardens in the Northern portions of tho colony aro also empowered to issue free railway passes to miners who aro known to be deserving of such assistance. As to the alluvial fields', it is pointed "out that the gold is invariably found at shallow depths, so that whenever an alluvial area is abandoned it may be takon for granted that little or no more gold is to be' obtained there. It would not, therefore, it is stated, be doing a good turn to the unemployed to assist them on to abandoned alluvial fields, where they could not, in a groat majority of cases, eke out a livelihood. At tho same time it is apparent that the older colonies of Now South Wales and Viotoria aro finding great relief in this direction. In Victoria suitable applicants receive a free railway pass and a minor's right to go prospecting. When the men reaoh the place they aro given 7s. a week for three weeks by tho local postmaster, and after that they must shift for themselves. Some of the hundreds of mon whom the Government has sent into the country in this way are doing well on the old goldfields and auriferous gullies in Gippsland (says the Arpus), and in only a few cases have the railway passes and the monetary assistance been abused. A MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE. On Saturday afternoon Mrs. Brookes, an old resident of Taringa, disappeared under some- what mysterious circumstances. Mrs. Brookes left her home saying that she was going to the grocer's, aud took a bag in her band. Shortly afterwards the bag was found hanging on the front gate, and a search was at once made by the police and a number of residents of Taringa. The search has been kept up since Saturday, but without suocess, and fears aro entertained of her having dono away with her- self. Some time ago tho unfortunate woman lost her husband and youngest child, and this seems to have preyed on her mind ever since. The search is being continued. A PRESENTATION. An interesting oeremony took plaoo in the head offloo of tho Royal Bank of Queensland, yesterday (Monday). The general manager, Mr. A. Macintosh, is leaving the oolony this week on a trip to tho old country, and the opportunity was takon by the oflloors of the bank to show their warm feeling towards him and the high esteem in which he is held. On their behalf, the hon. J. R. Dickson, M.L.A., chairman of directors, presented Mr. Macintosh with a beautifully illuminated address in the form of an album, which was signed for the staff by Mr. Edward D. Day, manager of head office. Mr. Day will undertake the chief management of the bank during the absence of Mr. Macintosh. IPSWICH MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. At yesterday's meeting of the Ipswich Municipal Council a memorandum was read from the Treasury, which showed that the endowment due to the council for rates collected during 1893 was £283 17s. 5d. It was further stated that the council was indebted to the Treasury in the sums of £1424 7s. 7d. for interest on, and £457 15s. 1d. for redemption of loans, or a total of £1881 2s. 8d. Deducting the endowment, £283 17s. 3d., from the latter, sum, it still left the council indebted to the Government to the amount of £1593 5s. 3d. At a subsequent period of the meeting a good deal of discussion took place regarding expendi-I ture, and a feeling was expressed that no ex- penditure should be incurred without the signature of the Mayor. It was pointed out by Alderman M'Gill that though tho overdraft had been reduced by £40>during the fortnight tho expenditure for wages, metal, and gravel, had been £58 4s. 3d., and during the ' present year up to date, the rate of expenditure had been £52 10s. Gd. per fortnight, which was £1210a. 8d. more than the Finance Committee in their special report had anticipated. If this expenditure was to continue they would requiro instead of a 2d. rate a higher one. The Mayor announced during the sitting that he had issued a number of summonses for arrears of rates, and there had been a number of payments made in consequence. At the close of tho meeting, Alderman M'Leod gave notice that ho would move at the next meeting-" That the counoil should reconsider the special report on the matter of ways and means," which was sub- mitted at the last meeting from the Finance Committee, and wa3 withdrawn after a four hours' discussion. DIFFERENTIAL RATING UPSET. A case of importance to divisional boards came on for hearing at tho Harrisville Police Court, before the Ipssvioh Police Magistrate, on Friday last. A joint authority, comprising tho Goolman, Normauby, and Mutdapilly Boards, has been formed for the purpose of rebuilding a bridge over the Black Gully, near Harrisville. Precepts amounting to about £127 have been forsvarded by the joint authority to the Mutdapilly Board for their share (one-fifth) of the cost of construction. The Mutdapilly Board levied a special rate of Id. in the pound upon a good part of Subdivision No. 3, and a small portion'of Subdivision No, 2, to raise tho money. A ratepayer named Enright objected to pay the ¡rate, and his case svas taken as a speoial one to test the legality of the beard's action. Mr. J. G. Foxton (Foxtonland Cardesv) appeared to defend the case, and Mr. F. C. Kingston (chairman) appeared for the board. Mr. Foxton held that it was not legal to strike a special rate in the manner that the board had done, but that the money to pay the precepts should have been taken from funds raised by a general rate over the whole division. This contention was uphold by the Police Magistrate, who gave a verdict for the defendant, with professional costs. LAURA POLICE STATION. From a paragraph appearing in the Cook- town Courier, it appears that a good deal of dissatisfaction is being felt about the aboli- tion of the police station at the Laura. Says that journal:-"The station has not been re- established, and it seems improbable that it will be until the natives have murdered some of the whites or outraged some ot the females. It is monstrous that a settle- ment like that at the railway terminus should be svithout police protection. It is to he hoped that the petition nosv being signed by the women residing at the Laura praying for pro- tection will open the eyes of the authorities, if such a' thing is possible, to the fact that they are perpetrating a crime in jeopardising lives of men, women, and children at the Laura, under the pretext of retrenchment, for the mere purpose of benefiting tho South." On inquiry in Brisbane wo learn that tho petition in question is signed by thirty-five perBons, few if any of whom are svomon ; and a police officer who knows the district well has certified that only thirteen of those who sign the document are residents of tho Laura. Inspector Fitzgerald states that the police Btation is not required as a protection from depredations by blacks, and that in tho event of anything of a serious oharacter arising he can place constables at the Laura in a fow hours ; but ho admits that if the rush to the Rocky River continues it may be advisable to re-establish the station after the wet season. The Colonial Secretary lias caused the peti- tioners to be informed that their request cannot be entertained. AUSTRALASIAN " Y" CONFERENCE. The first Australasian "Y" Conference svas held in the Pitt-street Congregational Church parlour, Sydney, on Tuesday last (writes a correspondent). Several pretty banners adorned the walls, and the badges worn by tho girls, tho work of the Sydney "Y's," wero most unique. Mrs. E. B. Harris,- superintendent of ," Y" work for Australasia, presided, and the follosving colonies were represented :-Now South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, South Australia, and Wostern Australia. Interesting papers on "History of * Y' Work," by a Brisbane member; "Duties of Superintendents," by a Sydnoy "Y;" and " Narcotics," by another Brisbano "Y;"woro read and discussed. A discussion took place on "Forms of Work Suited to 'Y's,'" and among other departments the girls were urged to take up the Sailors' Mission and Loyal Temperance Legions. The Queensland superintendents of the departments gave short addresses, shosving hosv necessary it is for every member to interest herself in these branches of the work. Soveral useful sugges- tions were given for making meotings moro attractive, and how to maintain the interest of honorary members. A largo number tool; part in tho proceedings, and at the olose all svere invited to a daintily served tea in the school hall. A NEW COMET. 'The New South Walps Government Astrono- mer states that a nesv comet was first seen from the Observatory just after dark on Tues- day ovening (says tho S. 3!. Herald) through a thin hazy cloud, which got thioker and ultimately stopped observation. No tail could be seen on account of the cloud hiding it. The observations taken showed the comet's R. A., 2b. Du'min., and the declination ,"5deg. .Illjmin., which, compared with the observa- tion taken on Tuesday night by Mr. Gale, seems to indicate that the comet is moving to the eastward at the rate of about three minutes per day. Nothing could be seen of the physical aspeot of the comet owing to the cloud. Being so far south it is probable that the comet is a stranger. Writing last evoning from Bondi, Mr. R. T.A. Innes saysofthisvisitor:-"Thisoven- ing being clear, I svas able to examine the comet discovered by Mr. Gale last Sunday, and an- nounced in your issue of this morning. I easily picked it up with a pair of opera glasses. To- night it is close to the star Zeta Horologii, and through a telescope it is in the same field of view as the double star H, 3520. As the telescope I am using has not circles, I can only estimate its position as 2h. 38min., S. 55deg. 25min. In an SJin. reflecting telescope it presents a bright and pretty oondensed nuoleus with a very faint tail-just visible in fact, but nearly 2deg. long. The comet is moving at a right angle to its tail." LAND FOR SETTLEMENT. The Minister for Lands has decided to throw open for seleotion tho Birkhead lands (says Tuesday's Wettern Champion), and already quite a number of carriers are on the'qui vive to Beloot a suitable spot. The areas will be from 320 to 1280 acres, and ere long we hope to see carriers engaged in trading betsveen Tambo and Alpha comfortably settled on this superb land. The petition praying for the opening up of this land for settlement was drawn up by Mr. H. C. Goffage and forwarded to Mr. G. Kerr, M.L.A., for presentation to the Minister for Lands, who has carried out the wishes of the petitioners as early as practicable. A looture by the Rev. R. II. Roberts is announced for this evening in the Enoggora terraoo Presbyterian Ohuroh, [ Messis B D Morehead and Co adusohav ing booked the following pissengeis per RMS Oioja, which loft Sydney foi London \ut Hobart and usual poita on the 7th instant -Mes lames. D Williams and child, E Williams, J Jone«, E Howells, E D M Lea, ! O Peiry and child, Misses M J William«, Jeannie M'Lea, Alico A Peiry, Maigaiet Hughes, Mary A Hughes, Messis L T. Schoenheimei, D Williams E Williams, A I M Lea, Oliver Peiry, W Mamott, G Chap ¡ man, Stowait Kelly R Watson, Masters ^ N Jones, P C Jones, John Howells, D A M Lea I The Tust Queensland Bowl ott Benefit Build mg Society held its eleventh ballot foi an I appropriation of £100 in its rooms, 43 Queen sheet, last evening 'Ihoie was a fan attendance of membeis Mi Tohn A Claik, chairman of diroctois, opened the proceedings Messis Decket, Chadwin! and Ross were elected scrutineer and Miss Pringle was appointed to dra v the billot No 57 was the first bill drawn Mr G Weston, the ownei of one shaie fully paid ud theieforo oecoming entitled to an advance of £100 foi 500 weeks without inteiest as sooi as ho makes satis factoiy auangements The chanman in uounced another diaw in a few weeks \ vote o£ thanks to the chanman, sciutineers and Miss Piingle teimmated tho meeting On and after the l'Hli instant Lady Noiraan, it is announced, will bo happy to receivo visitors at Government Hou o e\ery Thursday afternoon fiom 4 o clod Thodepaituroof Mesoi* Ho vard Smith and Sons' steamer Konooi ana foi bjdncj and Melbourne has been postponed, in consequence of tho heavy woathoi on the \oithein coast until'to monow vening The ninfill îegisteied it the ie->er\oirs for tile forty eight hours ending ) a m jesteidaj is as follows-I noggera 0u/in the water boing ljin below tho bywish Gold Creek, 0 51in , water 1ft 3Jin below the bywash Mount Crosby, 0 Um , mer i tinning 0ft SJin below tho lovel of. tho decking of the budge Mr Labouchero's well 1 nown journal Tri th, of 22nd Tebruaiy last leplying to a cone=pon dent in its financial column sajs -"Tho Queensland National Bank is ono of the few reconstiuctcd banks which are lil ely to do well ' Mr Denbigh Newton opened his English Opera Class last evening m lus rooms, Wickham terrace ' Mantana ' was at once put into practice, and theio aro prospects of a successful season The constitution drawn up for tho approval of intending members was signed by those piesent, and it is known thrt the numbers, encouraging ns tiley are fo" a beginning, will beconsidciably increased at the next assembling of the class An adjourned meeting of the committee of the Queensland Pastoral and Agncultuial Society, Ipswich, was held at the secietary s ofhco on Thursday night last lho chief business was that of dealing with the subject of pajing oft tho bank overdraft the bulk of the guaiantois having already paid then pioportion of tho sum duo to tho Rojal Banl (11 JO Us lOd ) The matter of holding an exhibition in June was disouBsed pretty fully, and evontually it was decided that no show bo held at tho time mentioned On the motion of Messrs Gillespie and Miller, it vas decided to con\eno a gcneial meeting of subscribers, at an eaily date, to take the matter of futuro opeiations into considcia tion. Mr M Duffy, membei foi Bundaberg, has interviewed the Railway Commissioners (says the Maryborough Chronicle) with îegard to more convenient communication between Childers and Bundaberg. The commissioners assured him that they were considering the matter, and hoped shortly to put on a daily through train from Bundaberg to Childers and back, in addition to the present connection via Isis Junction. Quong Tart, the well known Sydney merchant, is perhaps the only Chinaman who can claim to have become a public man in Australia. The S. D. Telegraph in a sketch of his career says that Mr. Tart was born in Canton, and his father was a village China merchant. He was the first Chinaman elected to an Oddfellows' Lodge in the colony and is also a Forester and a Freemason. On the 21st of this month Mr. Tart leaves, with his wife and family, by the Menmuir on a third visit to China, chiefly with the object of gratifying the wish of his aged mother, who desires to see her son's European wife and young Australian descendants before she dies. Mr. Tart will also keep an eye for business, and hopes to make arrangements with his brother for the developing of the wool trade between this colony and China. We (Bundaberg Mail) learn the Rev. Chr. Christensen, who at the expiration of this month will have laboured a year amongst us has been invited to the pastorate of the Scan- dinatian Lutheran Church in Brisbane. The rev. gentleman who was at one time pastor of the Brisbane church for three years-- being his first charge in Queensland-- is inclined to accept the invitation, and in that case would confine his work in this district to occasional Msits until it is ascertained whether the home churoh will placo a minister poimanently in charge of this part of the colony Some interesting facts may bo culled (says tho S D Telegraph) fiom Mi Henry Hoy lyn Hejter's statistics of tho Au'tialasian colo mes, just puohshod, relating to the effect of tho depression of 1893 especially on '\ letona The arrivals by sea there during l81 (wero fewor than tho departures by 011 I oveiy other colony Lxcept South Australia (22d) and Ta mania fobO) showing an increase ftew /ca. land however, seems to ha\o derived a doubt ful piofit from tho haid timed, for she heads the list of excess of arrivals over departures with 10,112 New South Wales had an e\co3s of arrivals of r> iCO West Australia 5221 and Queensland 1723 The figures given understate the truth, as many peoplo leave bj sea without their departure being noted Tv cry colony except Now Zealand showed a falling off in marriages as compared with 1802, Victoria hoadmg tho lint with 71 I In births Victoria again shows the mo3t marked decrease (125'l), all tho other colonies except Queensland (10 l) record a small increase, but the effect of tho decrease in Victoria and Queensland is a not deoreaso for continental Aiiati aha of 1191 In a paragiaph concerning the hist < draw ing room" ot the season, the London corrcspon dent of the S M Ihrald his the followini remaiks regarding the health of the Queen - Her Majesty was able to stav dm ing the whole time, though tho fatigue of the presentition ceremonial soon began to tell upon hei Majesty, and she was glad to bo relieved for a while bj the Princess of Wales, whose appearance haully justified the alai ming rumours which havo been for some timo cuiront as to hor health To tell tho plain truth, tho Queen is ageing a good deal, and hor infirmities becomo more marl ed at each public appearance She has long found it difficult, a not impossible, to mount an ordinary staircase and a lift ha3 hod to be fitted m Buckingham Palace for herspecial use Tven to enable her to (et with comfoit out and in the royal carnago a special httlo arrangement of steps had to bo invented, and even then she has to tiust to the suppoit of young and willing arms It was noticed that her Majesty on her arrival in London looked not merely tired, but-which is unusual with her-quite pallid However the fact that sho was able to sit out the tiresomo drawing room and take a drive afterwards is to some extont rea3suung At the annual oonforonco of tho Austtaltan Natives Association of Queensland held at Ips wich on Saturday, under the presidency ot Mr J Donaldson, tho followingo llcoiswero oleoted for tho onsning tweho months -President, Mi T Donaldson vice presidents Messis J Wilkinson and W I Ham, treasuiei C Walker, secretary, J Allan, oomnuttoe, Messrs. M B Gannon, W Bairott, N. W Raven, E Galloghoi, and J V Geo. Wo (Sjdnoy Daily Telegraph) are informed that tho directors of tho Austiahan Mutual Provident Society base recently had under consideration the a-ato of inteiest chaiged to membeis of the sooioty on loans on security of their policies Hitherto the rato has been 7 pel cent, which does not seem excessive eonsidering tho terms under svhich suoh advances have been made Loans have been granted fiom £5 upwards without any legal oi othoi expenses, and pet mission has been gi\en to repay either in whole or by inBtal ments at any time at the option" of the boirosver It has been felt, however, that in cases where membeis were entitled to borrosv laige sums that a lower rate might bo con ceded, provided the loans were taken for a hxed term and subject to tho usual oonditions of mortgages on real estate, and it was there foie resolved to giant sums of £200 or moro for a period of not less than tsvo j ears at tho lowei rato of G p°r cent, provided more than 75 per cent of the value of the policy were not tequued-the interest in suoh cases to be paid quaiterly It still remains optional, howes or, with members to borrow to the higher limit of 90 per cent of the value, and retain the prtvi lege of pajing off at anj timo either by instal ments or in whole should they prefer to do so, at the old late of 7 per cent Tho first lace of the sohedule ananged by the Queensland Homing Societj foi the season of 18J1 95 took place on Saturday fiom Sand grto Eleven buds were entered and started, and svere liberated by the station master at 3 10 p m The first to arrive was Mr A Lamb s blue ched Freedom at dil 2dmin 30seo p m at a \elocity of 1011\ vards per minute, foi losvcd bv Mr Langdons throo buds-a dead heat-C?ai, Killarney, and Wanderei, at 3h 20nnn lOaec , at a velocity of 1012 24 yaidspet minute Buds weio also llossn by Messis Mtuphy, Watson Rutheiford, and Carroll, and vero veiy close on the hist fotu birds 'lins may be considered a v ery good fly, as the day ssas altogether unfit for racing The report of the Salvation Array homes for tho sveek ending 7th instant is as follosvs \- Rescued bisteis Home, Milton Beginning of weok, IS adults and 8 children, admitted during week, 4 adults and 2 children, sent to situa dons, 3 , sent to ft lends, 1, died, 1 infant, in home at ond of week, l8 adults and 9 children. Maternity Home, Normanby Hill Number in home at beginning of \seek, 11 adults and 12 ohildron, admitted during week u adults, sent to parents, 1 child, in homo at end of sscel, 17 adults and 11 children. Theio arrived by tho Alameda vesterdas (says the ¿. M Herald of 5th instant) Professor Albeit lvoebolo, a natuiahst, from Honolulu Mr koobele has undertaken tho task of clearing the Hawaiian Islands of the insect blights that foi jeais have plajea havoc svith vegetation of all kinds Ho has undertaken to nil the islands of these pests in three yoats. Rofoinng to tho profesors usit, a Honolulu papoi says -The professoi will spend about six months in Australia collecting insects that aie enemies to the local pests Then ho will go to China Japan, and India, and ss ill send moro seile destroycis for our bonofit lhere aio aheady six species of lady bugs and tsvo kinds of moths heie which base been set at liberty and aro doing cffectivo duty The svork of collecting the bugs is an aiduous task Thousands havo to be shipped by every steamer, all of sshich must bo collected svitlnn a sveek of the day of sailing, as othersviso they would d10 before thoy could leach heie Piofessor Koebele does all tho work himself, not trusting it to any one oUe Professoi lvoebolo was the discos ci er of the Vedaha cardinalis, tho great enemy of the cottony cushion scalo that played such has 00 with Californian orchards For* tho discovery of this little bug the State Boaid of Horticnltuio of California presented tho scientist svith a valuable testimonial. It is an indisputable fact that Carew, Gardner, and Billington, Limited, aro again to tho front with the latent and most fashionable gooda Thoy base immense shipments to hand bought duect from tho manufacturers for cash, and offered to tho public nt a saving of 10 to 50 pel cent This will bo olearlj demon strated by visiting then establishment * The body of the man Allen, who was drowned from tho steamer Glide near tile mouth of the Bundamba Cieek on Thuisday afternoon last, has b"on found floating in tho mel neal Mi. John Wright s coalshoots In our summary of ness s on Saturday it was stated that the Balmoi al Divisional Board had stiuok a rate of ono penny in the pound for the current yeal This should have been the Bulimba Dis isional Board, tho Balmoral Board not having as yet struck a rato " Spectator ' writes -Now that tho cricket season is di ass ing to a close, may I be per nutted to offer a fosv suggestions, having been a keen obseiver of tho game Firstly, that a certain time bo fixed for the commencement of the games-say 2 10 p m Secondly, that no adjournment bo made during the afternoon, as it is absurd svith only tsvo and a half hours' plas Thirdly that tho association appoint umpires for each match tho expense being defrayed out of the players' ground fees Under yesterday's date, "A Landlubber" wntes -Sir-A " DiBgusted Shellback" states in vow issue of this morning that I have apparently no idea of the difference in the working of a steamer and a sailing vessel This ma) or may not bo. Truly, I will confess, it svas with the desiro to leam that I asked Mr Dickson to explain how the wreck would havo been averted had tho pilot service beon by steamet instead of sailer Mr Dickson has not replied, piesumably ho ha3 thrown up tho sponge Now is tho chance for " Shellback," with Ins twenty five years experience Ho has endorsed Mr Diokson's sentiments , will ho give the explanation requested of that gentleman? On Sunday evening Mr Wells delivered the second of a courso of five pubho addresses in the Protestant Hail, Ann stieet, to a fairly largo and attentive audience The subject dealt with was the gift of the Holy Ghost, and tho speaker traced the New Testament history of his subject After koeping the attontion of hiB audience for about an hour and a half, ho reminded them that it was not so much to bring to their notice passages of Scripture sshich might havo escaped their attention as to wain them that the coming of the Lord was at hand His purposo was to testify to them that the promiso of the gift of the Holy Ghost was a promise to thora In their day and generation the Lord had sont foi th nis apostlos as in the beginning, that through them He wos svaiting to nnnistor tho gift of tho Holy Ghost One thing only kept Him back from doing this-namely, the unsvilhng ness of man to receive His pitt by His means of piving Another address will bo dohveted in tho same hall on Sunday evening next. A late Singapore paper states -"Wo aro ciediblj infoimed that tho Chinese fleet now in our liarboui will neithor piooeed to Batavia nor to Australia. Tsso of tho vessels will go as far as Penang On the return of these vessels the squadron will go straight to China ' Mr r Thompson, the Whitsvood wiol et I coper, had his leg broken on Saturday evening (writes our Ipswich correspondent) He waa o 1 horseback and cantering towards homo in companj with a number of friends, and when noar Dinmoro hu right log carno violently in contact with the iron outrigger on a cart belong ing to Bottoraley and Co He was thrown from his horse and was afterssards found to have sustained a severe compound fracturo of the log Tashion Plates illustrating all tho newest sUlea for ensuing autumn and winter season aie just to hand at Finney, Isles, and Co 'b, and will bo sont^ by post to any address on receipt of postal card * Bedsteads aro being sold at Tinnoy, Isles, and Co 's at tho following pnoes -3ft x 6ft bin Tour post and Half tester Bedsteads, from 10s bd oach , 3ft. Gin x bft bin I our po3t and Half tester, from 24s each, Double Bed, 4ft (nn x Gft^Gin , Four post and Half tester, from 27s. 6d each, and upwards Early callers or orders from the counters, describing what is required, and a remittance for the amount, can secure these low-priced lines. The public can rely that all Furniture, Bed- steads, Bedding, &c.;, purchased from this establishment are new goods." 