BACK FROM THE GRATE. CHAVTKIi 1. Sly name is Bertha Adams, I am an orphaD. | Last birthday I was thirty-threo years of ago. By profession I am a govornoss, but at i present I hold the responsible anil enviable position of companion to the hou. r/FroHumlyn Vipont, relict of Colonel Vipont, (>th Dragoon Guards, killed in action in the last Afghan Standing here before the mirror I pee a re flection of myself—plain, small und unattrac tive. That ia tho reason 1 suppose why tho hon. ?tfcb Vinont selected mo as her dame do oompagnie, during her toar through the Aus tralian colonies with her son, who was suffer* ing, as I ourno to understand, from some shook, some mysterious sorrow that was ‘wearing him away, and which his mother seemed to fear would gradually drive him lo his irrnvj}, I had been a yoar with mother and sou at the time this story opens. We had lingered out tho autumn in Italy, but tho letter ap peared to grow worse, and Mrs Vipont was advised to try a sea trip, and a houbou iu New South Wales. Tho mother, although kind and open hearted, as a rule, waa narrow-minded, proud, and, on occasions, cruelly aolfiah. It was plain to me that she way terrioly jealous of the influence ot other women over the son jlho idolized- I had heard from tirao to time vague rumorB of trouble that lad como in ocnuection with the hon, lady's last com^ pinion. If these wam true, That! no reason to lmagin tT" that my company would become daugo. oua to him. It never appeared to mo, however, that Edgar Vipont troubled him self. aboutono woman especially. Though ho seemed partial 10 tho society of ladies and admired thoir beauty, ho was tho same to all. lie was a strange, wayward, incomprehen sible young man to me, was Edgar Vipont. So polite, so clever, and handsome, in spite of his illness; yet in ot her ways so un civilised. I was always reminded in my inter course with him of tho old proverb, “ Scratch a Russian and you’ll find him a Tartar,” and I could have imagined him inquiring with tbo greatest solicitude if the cup of coffee— in which ho was secretly administering to you a dose of deadly poison—was sweet enough for your taste, and taking infinite pains to , make it so if it were not, smiling at you tho Tho days went pleasantly by in tho city’ of Sydney. Mrs Vipont rented a charming residence at Rose Bay, on the heights over looking the magnificent harbor; and the place was mado gay by constant company. Edgar Vipont would often pass whole day with us j but thoro were times when ho would become morose, shut himself up iu his room, and refuse to sco anyone for a week to gether Once as I was passing the door of hia private Bitting room, during one of his molan oboly depressions, I noticed, with surprise, it was standing wido open, I had never entered this apartment, for it waa usually kept closed and looked- Woman like, I paused toglanoo over the luxurious furniture, when my gaze fell on tho full length portrait that hung at the further extremity of it. It waa the picture of a young and lovely woman, with a palo oval face, long dark hair, perfect features, and the most haunting, melancholy brown eyes I ever beheld. Those eyo3 seemed to fascinate mo to such a degree that I waa hold spellbound to tho They fixed themselves on,mine with an expression of agonised appeal, as intense and real as if they had been living eyes, ant of which tho soul looked for sympathy. A sudden noise proceeding from the inner room, broke the spell, and I fled to my room, like a guilty thief taken in tho act. This incident happened just one month after our arrival in the colony, hut as the weeks and months went by it faded from my mind alto gether. One wet ohilly day in August, Mrs Vipont and 1 were alone together in her boudoir. I waB reading one of George Eliot’s dolightful storieB to her, while she reclined on a couch near the window, looking out at the moun tainous waves rolling inwardB at the Heads. While .1 read the door opened, and Edgar I Vipont entered. There was a careworn look on hia pale face which wbb moat distressing to behold. “Good morning, mother,” ho said in a quiet tone, laying a splendid bouquet of flowers on tho table beside her sofa. “ Good morning, Miss Adams,” and lie bowed to me with hia usual ceremonious politeness. “ I have brought you these flowers. See, the camellias are finer than I over remember to havo seen them iu Europe, and the violetB-•” “Ah, delightful,” cried ^ the aristocratic dame, kissing her son and inhaling tho per fume of the rich, purple flowers. “What taste you have, Edgar. No one could have arranged fchiB bouquet as you have. How are you this morning, my son ?” she added, with an anxiouB look at his handsome face, Edgar Vipont laid hia hand on his breast. “ I feel wearied, mother ; but I havo nothing new to complain of. Want of sleep, want of rest, is my great ailment; and neither Dr. Martin nor Bernhardt—no, nor your own famous Italian medico, Besalino, seem able to help mo thero.” And ho raised hia slender, wasted hand to hia head. The lady looked at him with all tho mother in her gaze. “ Tell me, ia your rest as du turbed aB ever?” she asked anxiously. “ YeB,” he replied, “ cither I do not sleep at all at night, or, to apeak more plainly, be come acutely, painfully wukeful, when even ing falls, and other more fortunate mortale are sunk in quiet slumber; or my sleep ia filled with dreams, which, though I cannot recall thorn when I wake, are, I feel sonsiblo, bo full of suffering, and a nameless horror to me, that they wear mo far more than mere wakefulness would do,” and he paused and flighed deeply. Then suddenly raising him self, said in a most eager tone, “By the way, ma more, guess who ia in Sydney?" “ Who is it, Edgar ? Any of our English friends ?” 44 Aye, some one I met at the Bartons last night. Come, guess.” 141 cannot; pray tell me,” replied Mrs Vipont. “ He remembers you years ago, mother, beforo you were married, when you wore Helen Fortoaone and the belle of the London season,” cried Edgar warmly. 441 told him yon were stiff beautiful, in spite of your forty five years, and asked him to come to us to night in a friendly way. You do not receive to- night, raa mere ?” “No, not to-night, my ohild. Only the sisters Clara and Ada Poffitt are likely to call. But who is this old friend ?” “ None other than tho eminent pByoholo gist, Professor Hueh Drayton, tho illustrloas savant, of whom all the world is talking.” I noticed Mrs Vipont’s Blender fingers tighten on the back of the sofa as her son uttered the name. “Yes, yos, I remember him,” she cried. “A wonderful man, but he has the reputation of being a magician—a what-do-you oall-it in these days, Edgar? And now-” “ Now he lays olaim to a knowledge of the hidden and mysterious powers of nature, I believe,” he answered. “Last night wo talked together a great deal on occult matters, and ho told me some marvellous experiences ho ha3 been through while travelling in New Zealand and other places; stranger, indeed, and more marvellous thau those of Borne and i his school, though tho Professor himself dis- j olaims an intercourse with, or belief in, any ; supermundane powers you know.” •No doubt. The Professor is a strange being. Would you credit tho fact that this same Hugh Draytou foretold to mo in my youth much that has Binoe come to pass? could the hidden powers, as you call them, enable him to do that?” 441 do not know, mother,” he replied, rising, and lookine intently her, for she had become very pale. “Whataays MisB Adame?” and be turned towards mo, Th* question mado mo laugh. It was not possible to find a more matter-of-fact person than myself. I folt totally void of imagination, and was never troubled with a reverie or a day droam In my life. I had no belief what ever either in Mr Hoiho’b spiritual mission or In Professor Drayton’s secret powers—no more than I had in our old English legends of 'ghosts, Scotch tale* of pixies, or Irish banshees. So I shook mv head Incredulously. “ I foot that t am one nf littlo faith, Mr Vipont,” I [Paid. i‘ Your old friend the savant, would find me a very stiff- nocked heretic, I faucy, and hard to convert to his views.” “Huvo you aver studied tho subject ?” aakod Edgar Vipont. “No,” I admitted. “I should not think of studying it seriously any more thau I should attempt to practice astrology or magic. “Our race are famed for being tho most practical people on tho face of the globe. Per haps you would not be so credulous, Miss Adams, if you had seen what I have among a sect you designate Mad Spiritualists. You “Pardon mo, sir, but only think of all the shumoful exposures of those so- called mediums that have taken place both on tho continent of Europe utid in England. Do they not shake your faith ?'* “ Not mo.” answered ho, with some anima tion. “In all trades there are humbugs, Mias Adams, but that does not hinder their being a residuum of honoat men among them, I trust. Look at Mesmerism ; no one doubts the truth of the phenomena now, thongb for a time tho crowd of charlatans who arose as followers of M earner cast discredit on whntiu now universally admitted to be one of tho most inexplicable of physical phenomena.” ** True, sir, but-” “ Well, well,” interrupted he, smiling, “ Professor Drayton will be here this even ing, aud perhaps ho will give us a sample oi his powers. Would it try your nerves mnoh, mot her., or ---- Mrs Vipont hesitated, but I gave a most decided reply in the negative. By and bye mother and son began to con verse in low tones, and I saw her face grow troubled and almost stern, whilst his filled with a grave earnestness. Seizing on tho first pretoxt for escape, I rose and left tho room. As I was going these words from Mra Vipont fell on my ear. “ Can you not for get, ovou now, Edgar ? She ia not dead*—she h<itt left you. She baa forgotten you. ^ Come my Hon, do not forgot that you are a Vipont.” And then the door closed behind me, and I sped swiftly along the corridor to my own apartment. ClIAI'TER II. As I stood before my dressing tablo nrrant’intc my toilet, previous to going down to .Mrs Vipont’s room that evening, iny eyes rested on something that Iny sparkling on the carpet behind me, being reflected in the mirror, I turned end observed, between the wainscotting of the room and tbo avail, an object whioh glittered like a email star. I stooped, picked it up, and brought it to tho light. It avas a plain gold locket, Bet with a single diamond of great brilliancy. Inside there was a curl of dark hair, and a small portrait—tho same fascinating face, with the sad, imploring eyee, which had held mo spoll bouud at the threshold of Edgar Vipont's privato room. At that moment a strange feeling of fear oamoover me, and I looked round, half ex pecting to encounter the original, an idea that made mo laugh heartily tho nest moment. To whom could tho lockot belong? I examined it long and carefully by tho gas light, and thon stood lost in thought before the firo, from which 1 was suddenly roused by tho ringing of Mrs Vipont’B boll. Hastily slinping tho trinket into my pocket, I hur ried down to her. I found her dressed in black velvet, dolicato lace and pearls, and who wanted me to do a dozen little nothings for her. She was seated before the firo witfi with tho two Mies rollitts—the elder a stout apathetic lady of thirty, the other a tall, jolly, and strong-minded person, two years youngor, with spectacles on bet none,.and.a decided tendency towards tho masculine in her attire. Tho ProfcBsor had not yet ar They were talking about him as I entered, Stella Pollitt, the elder, deriding tho secret force theory, and she of the spectacles urging that such nonsonso should he taken in hand and put down by the church. In a few momenta tho door opened and Professor Drayton entered, and I for ono waa forood to confess that his appearance, at any rate, inspired conbdenoe and respeot. He waa a fine looking man of five and fifty, with a oiose shaven, well-featured face, and a pair of small, peering hazel eyes that seemed to look ono through and through. Wo wore introduced tohimonoaftBr another, anil he then immediately fell into talk with Mrs Vipont, her son, and Dora Pollitt, whilst I and Miss Pollitt eat by listening. “Well, bnt tell us, dear ProfcBsor," said MrB Vipont after an animated discussion, “Is there uny ono of ns who yon think would bo particularly sensitive to this strange force, call it what you will S” Tho vieitor looked round and smiled. " You, at least, Mrs Vipont, are soarccly to bo called sensitive, and my yonng friend, Edgar, quite the reverse. MissPoUitt,” and he bowed to the lady in spectacles, “would prove too much for it; but stay, this young lady,” and he looked a: me attentively, “ iB, I should say, decidedly a sensitive, as I call “ I, sir 1 Impossible,” cried I, laughing. “ What, Miss Adams P they all exolaimed. “Why, she is an utter unbeliever in every thing, and praotical almost to heresy," added Edgar Vipont. Professor Drayton remained unmoved, and { still kept his eyes on me with a searching •] gaze which made me feel very unoomfort “ In spite of what you aver to the con- . j trary, I feel certain that Miss Adams is very i a live to and eisily rtffooted by the power I believe in,1’ he returned. “May I test you?" ho asked, suddenly approaching me. For the life of me, much aa I should have preferred, I could uot say No, but gave my/ oonsent at onco. By the Professor’s direc tions the doors were fastened, the liehta ' lowered, and we sat in a circle, I being exactly opposite to him. He placed some thing, a piece of metal iu my hand and bade mo look at it steadily. Kia eyes exercised an extraordinary intlaence over me and I obeyed, and for a few minutes a deep silence reigned in the apartment. I started. Had I been sleeping ? What had happoned to me ? I felt as if I had passed through a period of unconsciousness, and had suddenly awakened with quickened senseB in another world. A world whioh seemed to centre in the presence of one being—and that being was Professor Drayton. His pieroiug glance fell full into mine with a blazing triumphant expression as he laid his hand on my forehead and said, I shuddered and looked around. We were no longer in the room; beside the Pro fessor, almost touching him, stood b figure enveloped in white drapery from head to foot, and from whom there emanated an in describable odor. I saw Mrs Vipont shiver and turn pale, her son looked ghastly. Stella Pollitt stood silent, almost appalled, while the younger aistor crouohed down beside her trembling visibly, and holding the elder sister’s hand as if for protection. 1‘ hoard tho Professor muttering to him self, of which the words, “peculiar” and “ strango ** only caught ray ears. ** What do you see, Miss Adams ?n he enquired presently. 1 struggled to speak, my vocal powers seemed numbed; then in a voice strange and hollow, that startled those who werelisteniug. I answered— “ I ace a form, tall, white, standing beside you,” and I pointed my fingers towards •• Describe it further,’* replied the Pro fessor. “I cannot see the face,” I answered. “ It is ooycred by a white drapery.” “ Toll tho being you gee to ratae the drapery.” I obeyed, and Blowly the figure raised a long white hand, and removed the folds that hid tho facofrom my view*. As it did so a namelosa terror seized me, and I fancy oon vnlsed me, for I remember hearing Mrs Vipont ory out— “Profeseor Drayton, she iB ill. Pray rouse her,” And then I was quiet again, yet I recognised tho face at once. It was tho original of the portrait I had seen in .Edgar Vipont’s room. “ Describe what you Bee,” commanded the Professor again. “ A woman,” I murmured, 11 young, dark very palo, brown eyes, long black hair, vary sad expression.” “ Stop her, for moroy’a Baku ! ” oriod Mrs Vipont, starting forward, for her non had sunk on the sofa insensible, whilst the siBtera wero attempting to open the door in terror. The seance ires nt an end. In a few moments I was restored to my normal condition. The hostess and hor visitors, assisted by some of the servants who had been summoned, busied themselves in restoring Edgar Vipont to oonsoiousnoss, ami lie was carried to hia apartments, deeply affected by what baa transpired. As our visitors wero leaving, Professor Drayton, who had been attending upon the invulid, approached and raid, “ Ladies, lot me ask you a question. Had any of you n look of hair or a souvonir of friend or relation deooBBed about you this evening They al! replied in the negative, and I did the same, totally forgetting that in my pocket lay the locket I had found in my bedroom. The Professor appeared puzzled. “ Well, ladies,” he said, ’11 am really nt a loss to ac count for tho strange odour which waa per ceptible in this room an hour ago.” ** \Vo all perceived it,” answered the youuger Miss Pollitt, puahing up her spec tacles to look at him. 11 Indeed, Professor, you are a wonderful man, and JMiss AdamB is an excellent subjeot. Do you feel alarmed, or fatigued ?,J she added, turning to me. “ ISo, only a little dazed, but I confess I am in no small measure shocked,” I eplied. • ^ *'I did not expect or desire to findj stead, as I oaught the Professor’s full round eye fixed on me. “Yon must have a strong rapport with the spirit,or being’or power you saw this evening, hliss Adams,” said he. “If yon should at any future time see it acain, will yon write and tell me tha particulars of your ex Pe“S"0°it again 1” I uttered in a horrified tone.” “ Nay, I trust not! but if I do," I added hastily, “I will do as you desire.” Eor the spell he had oxercieed over mo waa not yet quite dispelled. Our visitors departed, and we wero alone-— that id Mrs Vipont and i. She was silent, embarrassed, almost stern in her manner, as I attended her at her toilet. It was my duty to read her to sleep, but on this nicht she dismissed me with a curt “ Goodnight. As I was about to close the doe r of the bed room I olianoed to put my hand in my pooket for my handkerchief, when my fingers came in contact with tho locket. Strange, indeed, I should have forgotten it after the query of the Professor. . , I rocloaed tho door, and approached the bed. “Madame, I have something to say— a confession to make,” I said. Mrs Vipont looked at mo with a Binile of languid enquiry. “ What have you to say, Miss Adams? “ Do yon remember, when Professor Dray ton asked if any of us held any thing that had ' lelonged to a deceased friend or relative 2 “ linrfmAlv.” she answered with interest, Well?’ > Perfectly,’ ind Bitting up. ■ • --- • , . “Ihad forgotten that I had this m my >eoket, whon ho put tho question, and I mt the looket in her hand. _ Sho gavo a sudden cry of pain as if tho hing had been a deadly anako and had stung “ Where did you got this 2 ” shedomanded orcoly, and olutohing me by tho wrist so Ightly that tho pain made me goBp. _ “Madam, 1 pioked up that locket in my edrooro this evening, just beforo I came own to yon. I put it hastily m my pooket ■hen your boll rang, and tho fact of its eing there has been called to my mind only lis moment.” .. , „ ... She looked at mo dubiously. “.Miss dams, you know my son ifl_ very ill, she lid, aftor a pause, in which sue had turned 10 unfortunate looket round in hor trembling ands. “Will you promise me one tiling 2’ “ What shall I promise 2” “That you will never mention tho exist noe of this trinket to my son.” “ I promise.” .. _ . . . “It would surely kill him, I heard her inrmurma trembling tone. Then she du ■issed me, and I was glad to rotiro to tne niet of my own room to think ovor the events f the evening. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 