SUMMARY OF LATE NEWS. Another fire broke out during Tuesday night. An old building in Hume-street was destroyed. Handsome wheat prtess c flared by Murrumbidgee P. and A. Society. Man attacked by a Ehark whilst bathing at Newcastle. R. Harding and T. Sullivan are to row on the Tyne for £200. Sullivan ij tbe New Zealand champion. Harding is a well-known English eculler, ot Wandsworth. Lite reports of the London wool market show an upward tendency. Another 403 tons of butter left Melbourne for London on Saturday. Severe sentences were passed on the men convicted of shearing outrages at Momba. The Chief Justice paid a high compliment to the police for their coolness in the matter. Mr. E. M. Clark was returned for tbo Willoughby electorate. Mrs. Thomas Jenkins was run ever by a train at Charlton on Friday. Robert Roberts has been committed for trial for assaulting the governor of Sale gaol. A girl nam'd Diiey Black committed suicidc at Boort on Friday. A boy 14 years old died at Castlemaine from eating unripe cherries. An extensive robbery of explosives Js reported at the Great Southern mine, Becdigo. A house decorator in Victoria haB gone insolvent for £40 000. A stowaway on the stjamcr Wilcannia from Adelaide to London was nearly killed. He was buried in 400 tons of coal, and was barely alive when discovered. The Wodonga correspondent of the Age says tbe people of Wodonga are much pleased at the success of the land tax proposals. An American fi-m is prepared to invest £40,000 in the shipmont of live cattle from Australia to England. Thirty Melbourne bakers have been prosecuted for selling light weight bread. A Liverpool firm offers to take 200,000 rabbits a month for nine months in the year. The firm will give 61. a head for rabbits pieced on board in any Australian port. David Tough, found guiity of manslaughter, was sentenced to 15 years. The L*nd and Income Tax Bill was passed in the Assembly on Friday. Cardinal Vaughan is invited to go to Rome by the Pope. The otj'.ct is to discuss the possibility of union between the Anglicans and Roman Catholics in Great Britain. The Borough Council has appointed an Inspector of Water Supply. His first duty will be to prevent the yraste of water which now goes on. All offending in this respect will be proceeded against under the by-law. A large gathering of farmers assembled at Waega on Saturday. D-. Cobb explained the nature of the wheat experiments at the Government farm. Six hundred different varieties are now being cultivated there. The police made a raid upon local publicans last Sunday. Three hotelkeeper3 were fined for keeping their bars open. Edison's kluetoEcope is being exhibited in Sydney. This extraordinary invention is attracting laree crowds of visitors. The it quest on the Dean-street fire on Monday resulted in an open verdict. Mr. J. Finney apologised for bis impropriety of manner at tbe first sitting. Mr. Eddy has been unpointed to the chairmanship of the South-E is tern Rillway Company, England. Australian butter la now supplanting Danish in the English market. The prospfct generally is a good one for Australian buiter factories. Dr. M'Carlhv, the Sydney champion of splri!ualf?mt mokes a sporting effdr. He will give £50 to any cor jiror who C8n produce similar eff.cts to those witneesed at Mrs. Mellon's last seatce. Mr, Hcekins, a well- known cor juror, accep'ed the effer and produced his ghosts. Twenty-four of the new fretz!cg trncks will be brought into use this week on the Victorian railways. Seventy-five telegraph messengers in Victoria retire. Thty receive six months' pay by way of compensation. Miss Warhurgt, a talented violinist, is to visit Albury shortly. According to late returns there are now only 3756 native blacks in She colony. It is fouud that the sixpenny telegram system in Victoria does not pay. A proposal has been made for a reversion to the old mininoum of one shilling. The Adelaide people have decided in favor of pas for town lighting. A proposal to nse electricity was rucmltted to tbe ratepayers and defeated. A largo fall ie report* d in London in the price of Victoria per cents and 4 per cents. It is considered tbat the land tsx proposals have something to do with it. A young wi.man named Elizabeth Thompson committed suicide at Echuca on Wednesday. The set is said to have been caused by a love quarrel. A alight improve meet is reported in tb« $ogUsfe grain market. 