GRAVE AND GAY. Little Girl-" You bad cat, where's my bird P" Oat-" Oh, he's just gone inside." Excused.-Mother-" Good gracious I Hor did you get so muddy " Small Son -" Brunnin' home to see if there was any thing you wanted me to do." Johnny-" Mamma, my toes are not as hard as leather, are they P" Mamman "No, Johnny." Johnny-" Then, mamma, how do they wear themselves through my shore 1" "Pa, is generals brave men P" asked Johnny of his father. "Yes, my son, as a rule," was the answer. "Then why does artists always make pictures of 'em stand ing on a hill three miles away, looking at the battle through an opera-glass 1" Philosopher-' It is a little aingular that nearly all these Anarchiats are men of some education. Not one is really ignorant. AU went to school." Small Boy-" I guess mebbe they learned to make bombs so's to throw them at the mens wot wrote the 'rithmeticse." "Joe," said she, reading, "this paper says that out in Oregon they have just discovered foot-prints three feet long, sup posed to belong to a lost race." " I don't see how a race of people that made foot prints three feet long could ever get lost," he replied. Unole Joshua-" These city people have mighty polite manners, Maria.'" His wife -"How so P' "Just let a couple of fellers have my watch that they offered to go and get regulated free gratis. They're to bring it back to me at the hotel." "Is that a new rug your mamma has, Bobby P" asked Mrs Von Blamer of the youthful Binge. "No," said Bobby "that's one she brought in from the other room. But you mustn't take it up." " Why not 1" "'Cause there's a hole in the carpet." Dog Fancier-" Yes, madam, I have all kinds of dogs here. Is there any particular breed you wish 1" Old lady (who reads the paper)-" Oh, anything that's fashion able. Let me see an oosan greyhound:'." "I've quit asking people if my bonnet is on straight." "Why, my dear P" asked her husband. "I love you too much, John, to disgrace you by calling any body's attention to an old bonnet like this." Flitterly (to wife who has just returned from meeting of sewing cirole)-'Well, did you find anything totalkabout P" Mrs Flittorly-" Lots I Not half the members were there." "I want to see the head of the house," said a pedlar to MrE Darley, who had answered the ring. "I am sorry," she replied, as she gentlyclosed the door, "but baby is asleep just now." "Awfully sorry I'm so late dear. Been datatned on buslness with Teddy Newcombe all the evening." said the husband. "Yes, darling. Mr Newcombe has been waiting hrt) for yes since niwas o'clock," replied his wife. 'Doctor Emdae has sued us for libel," said the editor. "What for?" asked his assistant. "I wrote 'The doctor took the patien"'s pule before he prescribed for him,' aid the iutelligent composito: set it up purse." 'Csree.'" "Jobson made qitte a hit when he made his first appearance on the stage." "What was his part t " '" The ghost in Bamlet. Ha anpeared file minotre ahead of time, and the effect of Hamlet was very flone." Draggist-" Tes, madam, I remember very well your buying a stamp." Lady "Well, I put it on a very important letter and posted it. It has not been reoeived. I want you to understand that I shall buy my stamps elsewhere if this occurs again." Dccor-" Have you followed my advice in regard to eating plain food and keeping quiet at home ?" Patient-" That's.ll. vs-besn-uablr to dosineiion senit in your bill." 