The Monkey Language. "The return of Professor Garner and his story of the sympathetic chimpanzees recalls the fact, says the Hospital, " that lie bad the late Sir Richard1, Burton as Mb precursor in the seri ous study of the Simian language. In fact, Lady Burton records in her recent biography how, growing weary of the manners and con versation of the regimental - mess, her husband Bought refreshment in the society of 40 monkeys, who sat down with him to dinner daily, and were honored with various official titles suited to the appearance and capacity of each. 0ns of them, a pretty little silken cieature, as Bhe. as sures us, without a sign of jealousy, was his wife, and had a lovely pair of pearl earings. Burton declared that he had quite mastered the elements of 'heir speech, and was able to keep up a tolerably fluent conversation with his loqua cious friends. He made a list of some 60 of their favorite words, but, unhappily, the valu able document was lost in afire. Since those days Professor Garner has constituted himself interpreter of the chimpanzee language, into the nature of which he has receutly made a very exhaustive study." Mr. Justice Windeycr says it is easy to de- ceive clergymen as to a person's character by regular attendance at churcb. 13,935 gallons of milk were treated at the Grafton Bntt'er Factory last month, which made nearly SOOOlbs of butter. Deaths from eating grape-skins are becoming quite common in the country districts of New ooulh Wales. The sum of £30,000,000 is said to Lave been advauced by financial institutions to pastoral tenants of the Central Division. Tenbers for 785 road contracts have already been called for by the Roads Department, en tailing an expenditure of i 75 251. A PAHIiAMiiTA lady soja al,0 bsieiet in w„_ 7D,"r,el"S' She ie not clear that every women ehonM lmvee vole, h„t ehe le ear. thai ehe ie entitled to a voter. A ghost created considerable alarm in a vil lage churchyard in the West of England The appanuon. clad in gh„8l,y arr.yf «as in t!m request "HP" " Up,> with the , Show me in, grave !" He made the arid T \ ' He WM ""P1"""1. P'"1 turned out to be a human being, who baa eince been laid up with influenza. Glen Innes— Printed and published by Henry Cum St Vincent, for Vincent Brothers, at his Office, Grey-street, Glen Inues. 