/lELLAII. W When as a very young man I first came up to town I had a letter o£ I introduction to the Pullens. Mr. I Pullen was a rich man, who had made his money in our part of the world, anu naa retired to Loncion to spend it. He had made it in a perfectly honest manner as, what is called in Cornwall, I "an adventurer" — that is to say, iii mining. All the great Cornish for: 9 tunes have been made much in tho B same way, but not so recently. It was Mr. Pullen's fatlier's misfor- tune to have been a miner himself, to have worked the pick with his own B hands— a circumstance which had caused the son to be excluded from the 9 society of the neighborhood. The 9 status of a county family is fixed by fl its distance — in generations— from B trade, and in Cornwall by the date of B its emergence from the pit. Eut'Lon- 9 don society cares nothing for these B matters. It takes people, both in a good and an ill sense, for what they 9 are worth, and asks no questions about either their relatives or- their 9 antecedents. It welcomed Mr. Pullen 9 because he was a hospitable fellow, 9 and Mrs. Pullen because she was good- 9 natured and took so kiudly to the I prosperity that had befallen' iier, arid I if it had been told by any mischievous I person that Mr. Pullen's father had I been a miner, it would probably have I said that it was an argument in favor 9 of early marriages, and if it had 9 known better would not have cared. 9 Indeed, though at Porthperran we 9 " fought shy " of this excellent couple, I we acknowledged their merits, and had 1 no objection (so long as it was not at 3 home) to cultivate, or at all events 9 make use of, their acquaintance. 8 Hence it happened that when I got 9 my first clerkship at Mess Bullion and 9 Ingot's I received an introduction 9 from my people to the Pullens in London. We believed — and thoy a even believed themselves — that they 9 were in London, but the fact 9 was, that though their residence 9 could hardly be called suburban, 9 they wore not quite in what is humor- 9 ously termed " the village." They 9 were a good way off from, my lodging, 8 in Kent-street, St. James, and I did 9 not often take advantage of their hos- 9 pitality, though it was generously ten- 9 dered. The people one met at their M dinner-table were, like themselves, 1 middle-aged, and not much ; to my Syqathful mind. I think they were |city people with whom Mr. Pullen had I had commercial relations, and they I talked of matters I did not under- I stand. If there had been daughters 8 in the family it would doubtless, have. 1'been. different, and I should have 1 joined the lawn tennis parties I often 1 saw playing in the public garden at 8 the back of Vigo-square, but there i wre no young people to attract me. B Moreover, I must honestly add that 3 there was another reason which disin- | clined me to much intima.cy with the I Pullens, or rathor, another cause, 1 for it could hardly be called a I reason; it was Bellamy, their butler. I To those who have not read "David H Copperfield. " it may seem incredible | that any young gentleman should be | made uncomfortable by somebody 1 else's butler; but then I was very | young, and Bellamy made mo know it. |He was solemn, sedate, and intensely respectable ; one has heard of butlers who looked like bishops, but this one looked like an archbishop. He had been, recommended to tho Pullens on their arrival in town, and been with I them ever since. Mrs. Pullen once described him to mo as a Perfect Treasure, but I think she was secretly | afraid of him, and I am quite sure g her husband was, though he tried to | persuade himself that he was actuated s by love and not fear. On our first | acquaintance I thought that perhaps | Bellamy had found out that his i master's father had been a miner, but | that was whan I was still full of my I Porthperran notions. His former 1 places had been lor he said they had S been) in great establishments with ii persons of title, and I believe it was i that absurd circumstance which ; mainly weighed with the simplo i couple, and established the man's i authority in the household. He ' lulcd it, not indeed with a rod of iron, abut as it were with a pastoral S stall-; there was an unctuous dig it nity about him which would have adorned the very highest ecclesiastical position. But what I objected to wa3 ? what in those salad days of mine I 5 called his infernal patronage; ho 'made lee feel so very, very young, and -wiuii i resented it made mo feel younger. I have known him at a dinner party give mo a wineglass less than other people. It may have been an accident, but I firmly believed it to be a hint not to mix my liquors, and once when I looked in at luncheon tirno he omitted to give me a napkin, as though I- were not nn adult. I am ashamed to say that Bellamy was'' cer tainly " a cause," as old Btirtpn calls it, why my visits to tho Pullens wore so few and far between. / It was with some feeing of peni tence and remorse, indeed, that after a very long interval V started one Sep tember afternoon /to cull in Vigo- square. I know/1 ought to have done so any time /within tho last two months, nncLnlso that I was doing it then beca.vfso almost all my other friends were out of town, and I could not afford to bo so particular as at othep times in my choice of hos pitalities. A good dinner at old J?'ulleu's, even though Bellamy might 'reproach ine from the sideboard with my youth and inexperience, was better than dining alone at a restaurant, for club I had none. Imagine, then, how my conscience smote mo when I drew nigh that hospitable door to find a hearse and a couple of mourning carriages before it 1 Either poor Pullen or his wife (for, as I have said, thoy had no family) were evidently about to be taken to their long home. Indeed, even .while I looked the coffin was brought put, and after it >vas borne away I saw Bellamy ,in. tho portico, deeply but respectablyaffected, and waving a farewell, blessing to the lamented remains. I was not more uncharitable than most men of my age (with whom cynicism is only popular because they think .it a sign of maturity), but the reflection did strike mo that I had never seen a .more . hypocritical scoundrel in my life. : As to asking him any question in con nection with the' mournful occasion it never entered, into my mind to do so ;. it would have seemed a wrong to the' memory of either host or hostess, and I catno away without kiiowing which of. thorn had departed, though, with sincere sorrow for the event itself. In the papers I could find nothing about it, and we had no common friends, so thoro was nothing for it but to wait a decent interval and then call with "kind inquiries." This duti ful attention was put a stop to in a. very unexpected manner in a fortnight afterwards by my meeting Pullen him self in the city. "It must have been his poor wife, then," was my first thought, and yet, though lie looked . less benining than usual,' he was scarcely so cast down as a devoted husband who had so recently become a widower ought to have ' been, and moreover ho was not in mourning. On catching sight of mo ho smiled rather feebly (or, a3 I thought, coldly, as well he might, con sidering my long neglect of him), and exclaimed : " Why, you are quite a stranger, flow long is it since you were at Vigo Square 1" It was really more than three months since I had crossed his threshold ; But I had been' to tho Square, as I have said ; and I thought it best to .rest my excuses at once upon a solid basis. , ' : " The fact is, my dear Mr; Pullen, I did get last month so far as yoiir house, but under the circumstances- it was on tho 18th'" (he would surely remember the date, I thought' to my self) — " I did not, of course, go in." "And why should you not have gone in f" he inquired airily. " Glad to see you, I am sure, at any time, had we been at home." " But on so melancholy an occnsion —a domestic calamity) my dear sir." " What the deuce do you mean? I have had no domestic calamity." I thought this very cruel, and, in deed, brutal of old Pullen-; for his wife had been a very nice person, and he had always seemed to bo very fond of her. " Well, I don't know what you call it, but J saw the hearse standing at your; door, and the body brought out and put into it." '' "You did, did you':'.' he said, look ing very grave and earnest. "You saw that at my house, did you ?"' ' " Most certainly I did." "Indeed-" lie looked very thought ful and depressed, like one who has received worse news .than he is pre pared for. " AVoll, my young friend, be so good as not to say anything about it till you hear from me." 'He shook my hand with nervous energy, and hurried away. ' I had wronged the old fellow; it. was evident that, so far. from' being unmoved by the calamity that' had' befallen him, it had -unhinged bis mind. Otherwise he could never have doubted what I had told him of the ISth of September, and begged me, almost in the same breath, to keep the matter a secret. In about a week afterwards, which I must say I thought rathor soon after so severe a bereavement, Mr. Pullen asked me to dine in Vigo Square. T accepted the invitation out of pity for the lonely widower — he had written, " You will excuse there being no other guest " — more than from natural in clination ; the house had never been very attractive to me, and without its kindly, hostess I felt it would be less so than. ever. But if dinners in Vigo Square had been rather dull, it was fated that this one should restore the average in the way of sensation. In the first place, it was rather a shock, though an agreeable one, to have tho door opened for me by a strange manservant. Eor the life of mo, being so. young and emotional, I could not help saying, " Why, where is Bel lamy To which tho man . replied, with polito regret, " I have only been here a few days, sir, and don't know the gentleman." It seemed so strange that anybody should have been in that house, if only for a few minutes, and not have known Bellamy. In the drawing-room another shock, also agreeable but much more violent, awaited me in the person of Mrs, Pullen. " What a long time it is since we have seen you 1" she said. I did not say how much longer I had expected our separation to last, for I was too frightened at tho moment to say anything. " One might liavo been doacl and buried," she added, with a roproachful smile, "without your knowing it." She might, indeed. " But you did come, though you did not call, did you not ?" she added, in a more forgiving tone, and this timo she laughed outright in a very qucor and hysterical way. What could bo the meaning of it all ? Sho could not have gone out of her mind beoauso her husband had not boen buried on the 18th ult., but it was possible that she had lost some other relative upon that fatal day. It was a great relief to mo when Pullen joined us; lie looked graver timn usual, but not so distressed as whon I had last seen him, and I noticed that he was more affocbionato to his wifo even than usual, as though sho were in need of moral support. We 'three sat down to an excellent dinner (where I had, my proper allowance of wineglasses and a napkin), and I en joyed it all the more that Bellamy was not tliero to patronise me, and convey his pity for my youth and inexperience in his every action ; but, of course, I missed him, as one misses other things which one does not regret. If a dinner in Vigo Square without liim was not like Hamlet without the Prince, it was at least like Hamlet without tho King ; his majesty's absence was most, dis cernible. When the dessert had been put on the table, and the new man withdrawn, I could no longer restrain iny curiosity. " And what," I inquired, " ray dear Mrs. 'Pullen, has become of your ex cellent Bellamy 1" " Don't be hard upon him ; I mean upon my husband," said Mrs. Pullen, in a gentle, pleading voice. "His confidence has been misplaced and abused. I know you never liked Bellamy ; our sense of loss, the break ing down of our belief in him, will be' unintelligible to you." I looked at my three wineglasses in doubt as to what reply L ought to return; I looked at my napkin,' and felt sure in what direction duty pointed. " My opinion of that nmn, my dear madam, was- a ' very bad one." "I know it," she answered quietly : "we should therefore not say, any thing to you against him now, - but that we owe it to you to .tell "all, since', it is, thanks to . you, that his wrong doing lias been revealed to us." Thanks to me ? I was glad to hear it, it seemed a very just sort of " Nemesis '' if it had happened so, but I could nob conceive how it had hap pened, and I said so. " Well, my dear husband and I had, as you know, tho greatest confidence in Bellamy. We would have entrusted him with untold gold, and,' in fact, did entrust him with what was its equiva lent ; and I am bound to say that we never missed anything — not a silver spoon." "Then the man was at least honest," I said, rather disappointed. " Not at all," she answered quietly. "Ho was only honest, I am afraid, in small things to conceal his knavery in great ones." . " Risked a - sprat to catch a herring," observed Mr. Pullen, who, so far as proverbs went, was quite a Solomon. " Yes ; lie so imposed upon us that when we went abroad in tho summer we left this house for more than three months entirely in his hauds ; never asked anyone even to look in to see how matters were going on ; the other servants were as much under his con trol—and, indeed, much more so — as under our own; and we felt quite secure. Everything was forwarded to us with tho greatest regularity." " A more methodical man I, never knew," interpolated Mr. Pullen. " He even sent us the circulars. Surplusage is no error." " And when we .came back," con tinued my hostess, "everything looked just ns it should be. Bellamy seemed charmed to see us; gave an. excellent character of the servants, and had been so economical with the coals that we wondered how it had been managed." "Well we might-," put in the old gentleman, "for there, were more coals than when we went away." , " Good gracious, how could that be?" I inquired. " How indeed ? That was the first thing that excited our . suspicions," said Mrs. Pullen. - So it seemed that surplusage was an error. "Somehow orother.I don'tknow how it was, but we got the impression .that somebody had been in the house while we had been away. There was no more, evidence of it than of the existence of a ghost, but wo couldn't shake our selves free of it. If they were Bel lamy's friends, we felt that they must have been quite resectable ; , but it was not nice, to suspect that even Bellamy's friends had been UBing our house and sleeping iu our bed, was it?" " It certainly was not,'' I assented ; " but why did you not speak to him on the matter ?" " Well, you see, my husband felt it rather a delicate subject to broach — to Bellamy. And lie tried to hope for the best ; till lie met you in the city, and you spoke to him of the funeral at our house. There ought not to have boen any funeral, you know." " Still, they are things you can't help, and which will occur," I re marked. "Yes, yes, but you don't under stand ; when you told my husband that he made inquiries of the neigh bors. We have always thought it so nice that one's neighbors in London never trouble themselves about one, as they do in the country; but somotimes this works inconveniently. Tliey had seen the funeral, and one or twoof them had oven been so good as to pull down their blinds, thinking it was one of us ; but they had thought no more about it afterwards on finding that tho house had boen let." " The house let? Do you mean that your house was let ?" " Yes, that is just how it was ; Bel lamy had let it for three months fur- nished for twelve guineas a week. Ho said he had authority tq do so from his | master, and thereby pocketed a hun dred and fifty pounds, besides his doubio wages (because he charged tho , tenant for attendance)." j "Bellamy was a most excellent man j of business," observed Mr. Pullen, | with a sigh. "He saved me a mint of troublo ; but in this matter ho ex ceeded his instructions." "So it certainly appears," I re marked drily. Again Mrs. Pullen .said with her pleading eyes, " Don't be, hard upon him ; let hita down as easily as you can." " All would have been well for poor Bellamy," observed her husband, "but for the misfortune of his tenant — or, as it should have been, our tenant — dying, as it -were, upon his hands. A circumstance of that kind, in so short a lease, never entered into his calcula tions. There was only just time to bury him respectably, and get things into propor order, before we got home. Ho must have been very much hurried und put about." " You have had no scruple about sending him to gaol, I do hope," I said. " A man who has abused your confidenceso infamously" (I might have added "and insulted your guest," for I felt it) " deserves no mercy." Mrs. Pullen' upheld her hands in horror. " Send Bellamy to gaoi 1 . Of course wo could never do that. We have hacl to part witli him, but we should bo sorry indeed if his future should be wrecked by a single act of—of — : — " ".Miscalculation," murmured' her husband. '. " ; "Just so. That is why we have in vited you, my dear young, friend, here alone, to beg that, so long as the revelation can do- him any injury, you will say nothing' to anybody about Bellaiuay's mis — -well, his lotting our house for us : not even at Porthner- ran !"- -The Idler. - - - 