OUR NOVELIST A SINLESS CRIME. By tho author of « TJie Oosi tf Congwost ' AWifn'a Hmnqo,' $c. CHAPTER XXXIII.— Oontimiod, ' THE nOATSWAINR1 YAM, ' An awful ono !' the lr.nn replied, '. Tho worst I think that can corao upon nny man. He was a sailov, like us. I can't say I know him, but 1 know of Mm, and I know hor.' , ' Her! Oh, fchoro was a woman in it, tLon ?' 'Yes,' 11 There mostly ia in anything that's unpleasant, drat ' om,' ' auci in anytnmg thai s pleasant, bloss 'em,' the boatswain replied, with a laugh. ' I don't know what life would bo without my old woman to go home to now and then, ancltogot letters from in a'l tho ports I go to. The story's my own, lads, but it all happonod many a yoav ago, only tlio ' look in that poor chap's eyos mado it all como fresh to mo as though it had happened yoslorday.' Mv. Peter was looking towards them now, and ono of the mon fetched his rug and laid it ovor a coil of rope for Mm to sit down. ' Thank you,' ho said, wearily. ' .1 am not in the way, I hope. No re straint on you P' ' Oh, no, sir.' ' 'What's yonr story about, Look yorP Winds and storms, or mor maids and sea sirens, eh P' u Neither, sir, It*H about a poor wretcii wlio was lost, and came home : after years had gono by to find his place in tho world filled up, that's all,' ' Aye, And his wife married and liifl name forgotten, I suppose P' Tho ring ot1 bitternoss in his voico as lie spoke made them all look at him. ; ' No, sir, never that,' tho man re plied. ' She was married, and no blame to her. She was my wifo— at least, we thought so — she is now as fast as the Olmroh can make her, bless her — but she never forgot hor old man, He had been a good hus band to hex1, and I've heard her thank heavon for having given her tho bless ing of his love, though it was only for two years,' ' A lifetime of happinoss may bo crowded into two years, Lockyer,' said Mr. Peters, without looking up oi1 raising his head from his hand, ' Sometimes it is all that is granted » 1 1 l 1 1 1 f4 us in tne enreescore ana ten. uo on — I have interrupted you. 'Not a bit, sir. It isn't muoh to tell. It's a thing that often happens, I fancy, only there was a ghost mixed up in it— a hauntod house—but I laid him and all the light of my own life too for a bit.' He paused a minuto to chow vigu-ously, and then having, as ho said, moistened his mouth, be dispos ed of his quid and went on. ' My wife's first husband was aboard tho]™ Spirit} of tho Wavo, Yoa'll all have heard of her, lads, though it's a many years since she went to the bottom, or all that was ? left of her.' There was a murmur of assent, for tho burning of tho Spirit.of the Wavo out at sea, with the loss of over two hundred people, was almost a matter of history. A crowded emigrant ship, with a captain avIio had no quality of command about him, crowded with helpless creatures, she beoamo a fiery grave for her hapless freight, without any organised attempt being mado to save lite. Half a dozen men got away in a boat, and weeks afterwards the boat was packed up with two living creatures in it — ono raving mad — who had eaten their comrades, and been fece to faco with death in a more horrible shape than thebattlobetwoen water and fire. mm xmbuiiuiuj.' wua iiuuuruui J101 , said the boatswain, ' and his wife was living not far from my mother. Whon the nows came sho was liko a woman going crazy, and it was many a long day before she could look tho world in tho faco at all. Whou she did I fell in love with her. How it came about 1 don't know. No ono ever does know, I think. Ifauoy it ?was through her child. I always was fond of children, and this ono s'oomod to take a f anoy to mo somohow. Any way, the thing camo to paBS, and one time when I was at home I raarriod her, and a bottor wifo u poor fellow was never blessed with. ' Timo went on, and wo had two ohildren, and a comfortablo little home. Mary had her own bits of furnituro when she camo to mo, and poor mothor died and loft us hors, so that wo had quite a neat little home, Close by Gravesond it was— a cottage that stood by itself not far from an old house that was said to bo hauntod. My ship was paid oil: about Christmas one year, and I went home for a bit Every man likes a spoil ashore somo times, and I'd a tidy bit of monoy, so I thought I'd enjoy it. ' Mary told nio that tho ghost had been soon twice lately, and that tho people tho old house belonged toworo m a way about it, bocauso things had boon so quiet thoro so long that thoy had found a tenant for it, and wero going to lot it. It was tho ghost of tho old man who used to live there that was seen. He'd out his throat in a mad fit ono stormy night, and couldn't be kept away from tho placo whore ho had done it. ' I didn't believe in ghosts a bit, but I was rather slaggorod to hear that it was round about my house that tho old follow was soen j and still more staggered whon ono night I saw him myself. Looking in at tho window ho was, with whito hair hanging down over his shoulders and a beard liko old leather Christmas, and eyes that glinted liko diamonds in tho dark. Mary shrieked, and I jumped up, but before I could get out ho was gono, and no trace of him to be soon. I fancied I heard foot stops going in the direction of the old house ; but it was all shut and barred up as usual. ' ' 13ut the next night it was seen in tho house itself, and I made up my mind to find out the mystery. I went to tho porson who had the keys, and tffoi'Qcl to Ntny a. night in the pluyo and soo if I couldn't catch tho ghost 'I wouldn't do it mysolf for n thousand pounds,' ho said. I've boon terrified nearly out of my senses ; ii' yon are not found a corpso in tho morning1, ii; will bo a meroy, nml our people will reward you handsomely if vnii -FrMiii/1 nnt, t.lin mvHifn'V.' ' My Mary was dreadfully frighten 3d when she heard what I was going to do, but the spirit of it had got in to mo, and I was not to bo hindorod. 1 took my dog with me and some fir ing and candles, and Mary packed mo up a nice supper in a basket, so I was pretty woll set up for comforts. There was Rome mouldy old furnituro in tho placo, and I mado a (ire in a big room w hero there was a sofa — tho vory room, I. found afterwards, whoro tho old man killed himself— and sot tlotl mysolf down for tho night. Thoro wero queer noises onongh all ovor tho place— rats and draughts— bat thoy didn't tronblo mo much, and I sat down and smoked my pipo and thought for over so long. ' All at once, and I don't know to this day whether I was awoko or aslcop, the dog began to whine, and I felt a creepy sonso of not being alono. I could soo nothing, but tho dog could His hair bristled up, and ho growled, but ho wouldn't stir. It seomed to mo that somebody was standing bo si do mo, and thon I saw ? Mates, it makes mo nick and cold to think of if; even now. .1 saw a footstep shapo itself in the thick dust that lay upon the lloor. Nothing else ; no sign of what mado it, only tho prints of nn unsoon something as it Avalked. ' I don't think I am a coward— I've boon in many a danger boforo and since, but I think I'd rather stand among my comrades with tho haltor round my neck, knowing that the next minuto would swing mo to a dog's death at tho yardarm, than go through that minute of my life again. ' I got up, impollod by a fooling I. could not resist, and followed those footsteps as they formed themselves and vanished. Not far, only to tho toot ot tho staircase that leu to duo garrets, and then all of a sudden thoro was a fearful yoll. Tho lijjht I car ried went out, and something camo crashing clown tho stairs with a bang that seemed to shako tho old house from top to bottom, and lay moaning somewhere in tho dark beside me. ' I was wide enough awake now, and soon had a light and found — no ghost, but an old man, with whito hair and his bonos nearly coming through his Bkin, I drnggod him to the fire, poor creature, and fed him, Tout ho could not speak to mo. I got help, and had him taken to the hospital, to find when morning camo that ho was my Mary's husband. Thoro's no noorl to toll the story of allhohadsufforod, poor follow. Ho had been in Pata gonia, and 'tisn'fc a pleasant country to bo cast adrift in, nnyway, and then he had workod his passago to Russia, and got sent to tho mines in mistake for someone else. ' Anyway, ho had como baok, look ing a hundred years old, to soek his wifo and his home, and found me in his placo. ' wnat no wouia navo cione m tno long run, heaven only knows. His poor head seemed quite turned, but ho had been prowling about for some timo, unwilling, it soomed, to spoil Mary's happinoss, and sheltering him self at night in the old haunted houso.' ' What became of him P' It was Mr. Peters who asked tho question in an abrupt, hoarse way. ' Well, sir, he just drooped and died. Not directly.' Ho lived nearly a year.' ' And what did you do P' 'What could I do, sir P I bado Mary good bye, and wont away to sea again. It .was hard lines, and ifdid not seem right, somehow, I'd done no wrong, and tho punishment fell on mo. She did her duty, bless her, though her heart was almost torn in two, for sho loved mo as I loved hor. sue nursea nun iiuwmuiy lotiie last, md then 1 went homo and married tier ngain, and ourjchildronwillnevor know, I hopo, that two of them have no right to bear their father's namo. Et's a queer story, ain't it, Mr. Peters, but queerer things happen in real lifo than aro over put down in story books P' (To be Continued.) 