The Christmas "Observer." THE CHEISTMAS "OBSEBVKB."—TheChrutmas edition of the Adelaide Observer is one o the features of the principal holiday season in Adelaide, and the issue this year is one that will afford speoial pleasure to its readers among old and young throughout Australia. The feature whioh has distinguished the Christmas number for several years past has been replaoed by a Btill more interesting one. In place of che familiar coloured picture issued as a special supplement there are a score or two of illustrations printed with the letterpress, thus giving a more sustained interest to the issue. The purely Christmas matter is contained in a supplement of twentyfour pages. This opens with a very veil written article entitled " Everybody's Christmas," written and illustrated by a talented yoaug South Australian lady ; and it is hoped sincerely that, while everybody in the natural order of things has a Christmas, that festive season will be spent in the midst of pleasure and oreature comforts. As the fair authoress puts it, " Deer old Father Christmas has a wondrous faculty for making himself at home in the most unlikely surroundings ;" and we trust that such will be the case in those far-away districts where the Observer is so welcome, and the thoughts of home and friends so tenderly fostered, because " absence makes the heart crow fonder." The whole number of this week's Observer is redolent of the joyous season, for the very reports of daily events allude to it in some fashion. A story with the ouriou* coupling "Bush and Benob,"by O.Crow, ie a pleasingly rupped sort of story, highly flavoured with good honest Sootcb, which will fall fuiuiliarly from the lips of some old grandeire as hn situ in file shade reading the " owre true tale'' to his family or hiB cronies. Boy* and girls are catered for in a way that delights them by a column of "Christmas tricks and entertainment,'* in whioh perforated ooins, questions and answers, and the vanishing penny—the penny invariably does vanish when a boy gets hold of it—are made to furnish no end of amusement ; and over ths leaf is a page full of clsverly, quaintly, and humorously drawn figures, forming a pictorial tale of thrilling interest, and there is the delightful prospeot of them being used for the cherished eorapbook, ooloured gorgeously. So many people "drop into poetry," like Silas \Vegg, at this time of the year that the ourrent literature generally gets the overflow, and the Observer is no ezoeption. There is more than one poem on Christmas, embodying pretty and suitable sentiments. Appropriately enough for this year of mines and rumours of mines, one auihor (Mr. Stanley Hamilton) has developed a delightful romiuoe under the title of "The Digger's Wedding," in which manly sentiment is happily taingled with local oolouring; moreover, it is capitally illustrated. As an astrineent "Lucy Hardy" has written about the "Fell-Thorpe Ghost," a ehost with whom Annie Be&anc; or Mrs. Mellon would be proud to make an acquaintance. It is a rather elongated ghost, too, for it measures over five columns. Dismissing the phantom, the reader comes upon two pages of clever etchings illustrating some verses of a humorous character. "Two Christmas Eves," pen - driven by Mr. C. J. Macrae, runs neck and neck with "TheCattlestealers Daughter." by that clever colonial novelist Mrs. J. M. Waterhouse ; nnd then come more pages of niotureB, flanking "Tbn Story of a Woman's Revenue"—no allusion to the Suffrage Bill—and a fascinating story, " The Enoianted Pearls," in verse, by Lmdray Duncan. There is a taking tone of the old time in "Roundheads and Cavaliers," by F. Welle, and much interest in "The Other Lodger," by E. Lee. To complete the allurement of this fully illustrated and wonderfully well-worked-up combination of news, Bolace, fun, and frolic ire a stirring story by T. B. Russell, embellshed with etohines, the current stories; that oolumn in which the young folk do so revel, " Unole Harry's Letter;" and the Echoes, by Hugh Kalyptus and Ab-Original. The number (which is published to-day) comes out in a new garb suitable to the season, a pale - blue wrapper exceedingly well printed. Truly the Christmas number of the Observer ie a thing of beauty and a joy for ever. 