THE STRANGE STORY OF CHOST ISLAND, ' NO. I, " . BY. AY. L.Alden. . . " I heard a chap lecturing one night at the Sailors' Homo in Sydney, who said that there was no more land to be diseoveicd, and that every blessed island in the Faciflo had been sighted by somebody and marked on the Admi- ralty ohart. . If that obap had geuo to sea instead of going to . the university ho would never have made such a ridiculous mistake. Why, according to my rcolconing, there's hun dreds of islands in the Pacific that no white man lias ever seen. If you look et it you will seo that it standi to reason that (his is bo. Vessels trading in tho Paoifio take their regular courseB. Leaving out the Island traders— and oven tliey never go out of the regular track— tho rest of the vessels navigating the Pacific keep to tho regular routes and never dream of knocking about here and there to seo what they oan find. There are thousands of miles here and there In tho Pacific where 110 vessel ever comes, aud what's' to provent there being hun dreds of islands that whlto men have never seen ? Why, I helped to discover an island myself, through boing oast away on it, which no man ever saw before or since. Wben I tell you that this island was inhabited entirely by ghosts, you may perhaps believe me, having been a sea faring man yourself ; but if I was to toll the cold truth about it to any ordinary landsman, he'd tell me that either I was a bloomin' liar or a bloomin' lunatic. . Some day that island will be diaoovered again, and it's poaition found; and then you'll kuow, if you'ro living at the time, whether I'm speaking the truth or not. . I. was a young fellow in those days, not more than 18, or. maybe 19, and I . was bofore the mast in a trading eohooner out of Sydney, iliore wero six of us, , all told, in tho fo'o'sle, bcaulcs a baptain, a mate aiid a cabin boy. . I don't count tho cook, for ho was -a Chinaman ; and if you had to bat what ho. oooked yon wouldu t have, counted him either. I bau shippod ae ordi nary eoaman, and tho sohooner boing a <a,'ur comfortable one, and tho work light and tire grub good, I didn't care where wo went or now long the oruise lasted. You see I was young, and that was the reason why I was contented. Tho oldor a man grows the more it takes to oou- tent him. I don't doubt but that Metliu- aalom and those old chaps who lived a thousand or two years grumbled every blessed minute they wore awake. Nothing less than the wnoio earth and all the whisky on it avould have con tented them. Whereas a young fellow, witn threepence worth of tobacco and half apin' anything that iB fairly good to drink, will he a happy as they make 'era. , I don't know whore wo wont that .oruise, b ring that aftor we had been about six wceke of port wo wero in Bight of the l'ijl Isla ' Wo didn't touoh there, however, end four d J . afterwards we lost tbo schooner..- AVo.- jogging alono one pleasant night, with no J awake except the manat the wheel, andpelP tho man oS tho look out-though tlio cha«» were that ho was caulking somowhere, acconiins to the usual custom. As for the , officer of tne. ileok, wliothor it was the mate or the coi rogularly went to sleep on the aetteu tl, Gwai of the cabin skylight, unless the weat orjai bad or threatening. Thore was very httw » „ that night, but thero was a good deal) ® -jjio sotting in from the norrard; and In tb . on#t watch — I being bslow at the time— the strnok on a reet and broke her baok. .. — . All rights reserved.' " ' hut as if the sea had pioked her up and dropped W on t,1B c' on P"?80 to break her book, though moro out of mischief than molico. ' As von know, sir, tliero nro times when the son is iioksdandwheuitisonly skylarking. Of ths two, rive me tbo fust. A sailor oan always take pre cautions against nn angry sen, but no man can foresee what it will do when it begins to sky- It was the mate's watoli on deck ; and tho captain, who was asleep in his bunk, cams on desk almost as soon as alio struck, and was just in tlmo to follow tho mnto and ths man at tho «lu»l overboard- There was only ono sea that broke ovor tbo wreok, and that ono carried all three meno'board, and we never saw any one;'' tliem »fterwnrds. It was olonr enough th-'.- 0 lokaoner would break oleaii ill tw," " V0,Y 'tort lime, and than in all prnV-oility saoh end "of her would slip oil the rcof and sink ; so wo . men got out the boat and abandoned her. By this time it was light enough for us to sec that there was an island oloso at hand, and that wo bad piled up on a barrier reef. There was a small opening in the reef a' short distance away, and rre pulled for it, passed into tho lagoon, and ls'mled on a nice sandy bench. Our captain had bosn a mighty good navi gator, and I mskosuro that if there had beon any suoh islnnil laid down on the chart ho would hove kept olcis'r l of.it. So I know.as.soon as wo had got ashoro that wo hod discovered a now island, and suoh proved to he tho oase. IVcll,' there wo were, sevon souls aud a Chinaman, with nothing in 'the world except the olothes wo stood in, aud not knowing whether there would be anything to eat or drink on tho ialand or not. Net having anything else to do, wo nil turned in and wont to sleep— hot so much bs- causo wo neodod sloop as beoauso we wanted to feel that wo needn't turn out at eight bells.-. Wo slept till prottjr late that morning, and then all hande started out to explore tho island and eearoh for water. . It was a middling good sized island, with n tall peak amidships and ai little stream of fresh water about half a mile from the beach wlioro we landed. There wero berries and bread fruit and ooooanuta in plenty, and we saw at lonat n dozen turtles in tho lagoon or souttling down the beaoli. So it was olear that wc were not going to starve. We didn't, howover, find the loastsign that ths island was Inhabited, and on the whole that pleased us. Natives are all very wail when you oan selcot them to order, but ready mado natives don't always fit. They inay bs cannibals, and they may be chaps that ro- \- number liming a lot of their relations kid napped by whits men, nnd in such oase they aro apt to bo unpleasant. Seme of the man had matches with them, nnd ws know that wo could start a signal firo when ever we wanted to ; hut nobody was ill any partioular hurry to leave the island. What with laving nothing to do, and your grub served out loyou whenever you wanted it, tho place seemed . enough better than the schooner's fo'd'sie. There waa only a ping and a half of tobacco among ua, . whioh was oertainly misfortunate ; but we divided It fair, and agreed that we would chew it first and smoko it afterwards. Tho Chinaman had some opium in his olothes, whioh wo found while searching him for tobacco. Wo weron't going to encourage any such heathen vices; so wo confioated ths opium aud set the Ohinsman at work to roaat turtlee' sggB, so as to divert his mind. Did yon ever happen to sleep in the open close to a running stream ? . If you did you ! know how the wator begins to .talk and mutter end whisper as soon ns you Iijn.jn. At first you aro dead sure that peophf) aro .talking in a low tono oloso aboard of yon, but when yon turn out to. look for .them, you find that it is nothing but the gurgling of the water. What is curious about it is that,- though yon know tho .sonnd is made by the water nnd not 'by human beings, your fanoy gets tho bo'tter of you just as long as you lie awake, I slept once for protty near-a month lougsUlc of a stream when I was lumbor- log in Canada, - and for tho first week I turned out four or flvo timos every night, being ready to swear that I hoard-men- talking just outside of the tent. Well, the first night we slept on the beach we heard voices all around ns. Wo wero all lying in a row, and I wns at one end of it. Next to me was a chap wo onlled Lord Palmerston. I uon t rememuer whether ho had that namo when he joined the schooner, or whether It was given to him after he onmo aboard. Anyhow, it don't wttor. He was a regular cockney, and as full .of talk ns a magpie., We had no sooner quieted ?kWin-. n "10 vo'coa began. ' I said to myself t- ' must be running water, though I knew .the stream was a long way off ; but the mutter- ing and whisporing seemed so near and so par tioular human that I bad just made up my mind to rouse out the other chaps, when Lord Palmer- .ton pulled mo by tbe'shirt slaevo and snye, "My Uawd, Tom! Listen to'tlmt. They're gotting u r -to rush ns. What hover shall .Wo do ?" > Lie still, you blatherin' idjit 1" whispers the in Jhen— Bennett was his nnmo„and lie was a iokit-of-leave rain. . "Mebbo they haven't seen "«-, All the. same, get. your knives, Vcndy, everybody, I eat'up for a minute, niid tfio voices stopped, and t couldn't hear anything loept the wator, for this time I was surd that' I ."J/hnniuK water. ..So I sung out to the men tnat if they d got oh .their foet they'd find that ue whispering would stop. They. did so; but ""'y admitted that it had stopped, and if, "'ey oould hear something in tho distance mat might be running water, nothing oould oon- toco them that thoy hadn't heard real voices, "i./? w?s a'frkln'," said Lord Pnlmorston, ; not ten feot . from my starboard hear. Don't wit 0 mo that it's nothing but water. £? > ravn. ' 00m arfeiLmilo and lit a man on '..L i a > ana that's wot is goin' to looloout." UB 'va (f11''' keep a bloomin' good io " T#.n Jak" all night on deolt if you want mi-'K . ' "at I'm' going to. sleep, , and the J,",; wakes me. up will he sorry that he nibal8,„ '1U'®' an< oomfr'ablo by oan- 00 eoonbr had I laid down again than the nm.u 0ffimenoed, and I was almost suro that I »ii? waH? "ft. words iii Engliah that they were ih» ?5'i arSued with myself for a while ; but mo mi PoraP'ration was breaking out all ovor tnnki i vo'ees eeemod to come .rioaror, nnd I j mped up and sung out to tho men to follow nni'iu« 'a.was, of course, to rush on the bi.ll - I'10.'"!®"!. there were natives on tho m , ln"'ead of waiting for them to attaok fo? ' ,uPl,.oa® a man of us had been asleep ; w«® a'» on our feet in an instant, and wo won a. P,Pan<l rushed up the beaoh as , if we monfb?" Ratoliff Highwoy after a aix bur v?yaS®' five months' good wages In hn.j . ', .There was nothing to be scon or bush i 'Utti0 waterfall way off in the Wsith. palmerston sworo that what I said at ui in I?"11."? watcr was the voices laughing . »„ t,. distanoe, and tho other ohnps seemed — ul "is opinion. - -St. James's Budget, tvo be continued. ) 