,iobonatg & C otuonq t elttincl. Awake l1 Arise'l Or be fr' ever. fallei, " - -i--,? LTn .;. SFRIbDA Y, MARCH 80, 1894.:: -4------' Mr Craven, M.P., has been interest ing himself for some time past with a view to getting a, twice.a-week mail service to Dark Rilver, and his efforts were rewarded 'last Fridlay,- when Ihe received a comjninicntio'on froit " the Acting Deputy Postmaster-General stating that "The increas.ed frequency will be established for a period of six imoiths, as an experiment, conhuienilg onn the 3rd proximo. before the expirn ition of whichl time the question of con tiniing the extra mail will be con sidered." Sonhlow or other, fewer opportuni-: ties fnr intellectual i improvement exist in, Wodogsa than ' i ,nimaiy coutry towns of less importriiIce :Neairly every Ihalet il. .riitoria .. possesses either a branchl of the Australiin Natives' Association or a debating society, and the results are in every case most benelicial. To master the art.of public speaking, there could be io better school thanl a delobting society, which givisit miemlera tlie onfidence necessary to " speak before folk." At the request of a number of gentlemen, Mr' J; Bassett has: convened 'a meeting to be held ini the Shire Hall on Tues clay evening, when it is to lie hoped a society will he successfully estahlished. Mr William Huon, ,T.P., of Ke Kerileau, was in a serious condition in the early part of the week, necessita ting a surgical operation, lut we are happy to say that he has aince taken n turn for the better, and his medical ettendant (Dr Mac?ikiie) entertaiins strong hopes of his recovery. After the gratifying experience of he race meeting liehil on tne \Vodonga aceeourse on the' 24th May in last eur, the Wridonga Amositiir Turf Chluh, which wils estahlished to hold that nneiting, intend to agiain cater for the iporting pnblic next Queen's Birthday. The programme will lie drawn up at a neetinln of m, lh?rt: to Ihc :heeld *at .llle's Toelnlinus hotel next Wednes lay evening. SOct \ Vednesday in : last:wowlk r.'M tephei BoLttyithe well-kuiiwn ,iazir, set tut i lro hit l ie,t os j raozliin;6 to call otii Mri Jiamesi, 1endierson, at Springdale:.He was to?l?ve eroeioed.the Mitti Miitta ioeir. Mr-J.; Symuington's, it d lie was ti have returned the salne evenoiik}. ;.ater in the diy "iMr eitty'i horsi'e, riderless,' was seen graming o the opposiatebahnk of thle streani, a-id'one stirrup-wiis thro~i~aci'ros'I he sddla. No trace of thi, rider coiold be foundl; and it was itt oice feitred that lid hItI been 'drowned in attem'pting to'?rois the streamu; the currentitii-"wlliinchWts running rather strong after the late heavy rains. The police and a number of the residents contined the search all day Thursday and Fridi'y witlhou;' findunig tlhetibody,1 but, on Saturda. M?ersi'J.* ll; oulstoit atd G. Niuho, son, of Huon Le, ie; ?nuitie lonlithe missinig genitlemnan, caught it a snlag a"little' disbtaiih:' lower down the river tha'n where hi is supposed to have tried to, cross. Aftei someb difficulty the body was brought to dry land, with the aid of ;Measrs Ja-. Symiington, .J:; M'Nicol,?!Easton, -and others. A magisterial. enquiry `* wits' 'hldathessatne ldav fat M·lsod's hotel, verdict of '"Aceideikiaily drow il d" wiis recorded. °TJ'lie deeeised;l £aliu was about 623; years of age, was arhalf brother of Mr" Willialu Beatty, of Yackandandiilti, andof f i'? Oily Beatty, and" was Wborn in , the .dorth of Ireland. ;:He settled at Huon Liuie many years ago, -and, iiein"g wman of very careful atnd industrious. liabits,' he gradually accumulated more than a competency. Indeed, at the time of his death, lie was reputed to be pos-: sesased of considerable means. His ruuomins were interredi oat unday iit' the .Yaukandandah uenteetry, being fullowedlto.ltdii' liit resting-place by a lirge concourse of mourners. iMessrs w:.N.IM. Edmondson, T. B3. Coe, and ,iV. B.. Wilson have been notiiutiti:d-to fillthisvacaney caused in the Albury Borough Council by tlue retirement of. Mr A." Phillips.-; The polling takes place to-morrow.' Mr Edmondson is the president of the Albury SingleTTax Luague." - combina tion strong enough, judging by, its recenlt achievements, to return whomiso e:er it pleases:' The opposition omithis occasion is insignificant compared to that which the league vanquished a month or so ago, when it sent Messrs .Ci A. Thompson and .T. C. Chenery to the right-ahout. Unless, theirefore, the single-taxers hold tile content tiro cheap, their president's election is a ctrtainty. Apart fronm his political ipritbijrlus, to which-.unfdrtunately he cannot 'give effect if he is returned to the council, Mr Edmondson is the malt best fitted for the positiiin. Mr T. B. Cotu is being'very sdviirsly handled by " Table Talk," anid there is just a little danger that these personal attacks will create a certain amount of::sympathy, with their victim, who otherwise would not have "a ghost of at show." The, residents 'f .Springdale were quite en`l fete onl Monday last, the occasion being the innual picnic in connection with the local State school. For somne time past a large and ieer getic colmmittee, tunder'the secrettary ship of Mr John Pooley, jun.,ihad lteen working assiduously,- and?tinte weather was all that was necessary to make tlhe gatlhering a success. Monday morning broke fite, and promnised cbautiful weather, but as the morning advanced clourls l?igtti to gather, and the 'worst feniii were realisedi whlei a heavy shower of rain resulted. Notwith standing the threatening state of the weather, people began to assemble from all parts nt? the:place of reAiddzvous,. iinitilfully 200 pirstns must Ihve liie~l on-. the grounnd..,representatives lheing present from tRBethangar Taliangattn, Woduty, and thte urrodnding dittriist. Two, meals were prov'id'd,:aiatd the temaporal'warits of-the piiunickers were attended ,to hby aevrats ladiest, and gentlemen. .Gaiies "if various kinds were indulged in,'and;a mi umber of races;naiongst ,the children furnished ian abuimdauti of pleasuie'sand iaiuhse tent for the young folk, all of whom appeared to thoroughly enjoy theil, day's outing. By the interest taken in tihe State school at Springdale, the parenIts of the ,.lhildrent attending the school set an example worthy of being followed by those in other parts. As at result of previous ellirts, the school grounds have been considerably beiauti fied'ly.a niuihher, of orniaiental trees, inid the teeclter'sresidence, erected by the parents, gives practical evidence of the iliterest taketiiin the inducation of the young folk.. A- 'very ,enjoyable dance in the school ?in the evenilng wound up the dtay's festivities. For several yeas .past nmatters at Bethanga have bieen wearing a rather gloomy appearance,. but for some months past tle sun of prosperity has been` gllntintig thiouth 'the dark'oliud that overhungitel pIna ce., ,r nd,, wn -hope soon to finidit, shiiiini g .it im;itllits beauty andt strength. The initial dlifficulties at thle Wallace-Bethiuga Company'e mine have tea great extent eten surtmountedl, and it is t, Ibe hoped tliat i/jiidsjirous future is Ihufore tIhe cotcern. A tumuber of new Imancds have fromn, time to time hnelt put on at the works during the past few mtonths, ctnd others:will probably soon- e en gaged. A:inotlher fiilrnaanis iii colrse of erection, cnd wheiei unmtple~id will, doubtless, provide work for additional nmen, and tll resiiletii are looking forward to tie time -wheoi Betltnga ehalPlreul??-: its ft';6mer state'obfphros perity and progrese. : " . Mr H-I. St.arl's Kitan won thet Fare. well Hatltlicp att tle Easter lMonday LFestivaiI at Chiltern. . T- Towog iltirn C'firiieiicttii.it uisg'itxt Tuesday'; Wedouga ?hire Coumtcil on Wedtesday. The result of thie tfirst crislhings from ,thel 'wons reefs (says the "Courier") lnust slj, conhidered pistisfistory, aid iit is reasopaleto suppose that the I;opee express?dpre ously as to the,richness nld exteiit of ?'tho"A.i'nds" are ,abouit to' e reahllsed.' As statided iii our last Sisue, :t`e'?taoie f,'oinA/.esrs Fe?i?y, Find?lay BI3os;'' aid' Hirtloy's. claim remlisd"' 33'oz?'8 dst for 4 tons, and since thedi' atrial ci'slhing froin Messs Walton and- Garing's' claim has been unadsl. The rd-'iilt in this case was 60 oz from 10 tons.s-The crushiigs.owere made at n.Grammysi and.tlie'miners'ex press themselves as being highly satis-r tied with the i.results. Severalb neaw "!finds"- have beoen made driing' thle weelk, n.t od !? e irit fo0isned .tli t the. piospeCts ;! re excellent. A newreef was. discovredl by Mr Purse, and .is situate abhout,a, mile.:to the ivest of Messtrs Post .Bros.' claimi- farther iup' the hill. :1 .l`hluluis also dliscovered adiother reef. aout'half a Wiile south. of Feinby$'s Rdwdrl claiimi. Mr Fenb~i intenmis operiugit?up a?t onem,:It is reported thit th e stolioini Mr Purss' reef is very'ricli': .Thire' are sow, ftive ldi8cre~i line ' r"otf obliwhich 'miners are i? f nthere is no doubt that ,ggreit"tfutauire befire as inregs rdtd our gold ressurcek. . c Messrs Gay Bros. are busily engaged is ereeting a new battery, and it. is expected thatl'they w:ill iberi'ilvrtq' ieeaiva, stone' inii about a'mnntli. It ist repolrtedtlihat li"notlhe pla?t is to ba ,b-ought up, the site for; which??ias already been registered.-' Messrs I'Aisi n Bros titid party, of Shndy Creek; Who have- abandoned. reefiug, at,whicih they, have;moet.with, faiir,isuccess,.-,are?now, shining, ,in 'anw alluvial:claim, near Gundowring;! and are satisfied with their returos:n., Messrs Fairbairn anld party, of ;he' Rainbow, Co.;are drivid;ll i thiiiie withli tdet' ' pectation of intersectinglthel l reef:in about 300 feet, but are meetinug with very hard couritry.'The Al at Lloyd's, the party in vwhich had lefttlieiilower workings filled with water for'aliout eightoene siuantlu;Sy lias -staitead t;batinuk. After six days' opratiolis they lowered the water until" the top of the bottom drive was renaleld, and they will .be enabled to continue work for' twelve monthis iithout baliig:. Thie Grass' lhopper hast'ifished ac'i orushii" of 85 tons for 120 oz.; and has sent a' quan tity of pyrites to Bendig' for treat iment. Mr. Moore ,hash also, selt -a quantity of delfris fro his miill to the same place with a lsimilar purpose.'" A petition has been'extensivelycirculated 'nld ,,umeronsly sitgumil for thi? purpose of:altering thelt ail: suirvce iaii revert ing On the for;une.' stim' vi:a'lluon L?ue, Sandy; OCeek ai?d Tallandhoon,; as serious inconveieonce and delay hiave resulted from thle present' method =of forwarding the ,nails;7 , . The, followingletter -appears in. last week's issue, of'thl-e ,-Yackandandah Tinies ":-" Sir, II'your issue of 'the 9thi inst; there appeared' a letter from Mr Duane, in which he gives me cru'dit fi; loolking;tfter the intei.estsof the se s ei.fice pairt4i No~' this I do ,lt dleserve, as 'ray principal"object wses to show how, it. may. injuriously, affect thlotheri ratlpayers.of the shire, of; whomn I an: one. I si`ust plend guilty tori trentiig the reference-to Huime Itolealightlyf; s'+ I'did' nottheqn, nr.'rdo I now; ýee what {it hias itb do with thu maltteru. M1r1l Duane nleikss litilii ot tliu' grin i uni thi, proposed road, aI I I admit it- is tot veryb.d' for a'short, finish,ibut .wheeit it, is con; tiiuedl for n(iles!i thein. comse tlietug;. tihe talk onf sending potatoes, chliafs; und oats.+toit Melbourne.f rist 'amuse those wcho 'know aRnything" about the matter. 'The irabbit ' scalhps will Ipar' much better,' but; this- matter ot the. rabbits lie thinks iiot wortily of,niotice, mrl it resauins 'tbio e sei'if- the rate-? payeris if the 't, oCf the shire, cai allfrd 'to. tri?t itiith, same "aiy. The rallusion' a to wviere they buy tlheirsoap andi cindles;is uncalled for, as there is not oneicournillor ill the shire interested; iii where they buy their goods. ' MrDunane says there are 50 ratepayirs ill fa?yrb of' sevrerancie. I have goine over the ,list, and, can filid oily 34, and a's 'he 'sasys there are 11 a,.aiust, this hlaves23 on the soveriarice= roll. The totali'number is 42;,I agais assert taii, thue Bright Slire -as lint proilised the'road; fThelre n're only two ways ill whichi this road caun be constructed l---by uising' amslo??mi andi making it quickly, or slowly from the ratus. If by the latter it need' not trouble tie present generation, asJu ost of them will have triavelletF:the-road" from whichi there, is i'6i "retui;ii before' it-is cnmpleted' acurl if iby'loai;it re-f mnins to ihe seen if'the ratepayers will ailoe€tlheiselves,t .,lie saddled.with is white elelhant fror .lin heliieiit'.of i few:ss -1 arin duoDA'ei~eLmMONOAe. March~ Speaking of thle siligle tax, the iuiufletin" says :-"The single tax man siever owns any laud, anud has alwuys t' irilliant schemefor saving Ilis country y eontiscat.ing the whole property of tlhe othlerfellow.i' 'n reply thh "Single 'Iak," the New South Wales jn~urnal'of thd league, says :Z"" The ' Bulletini;"if it cares to look into the mnatter, will' tiid that ii the Alury branch of tihe leahse there Re at leustO 150 members, chiefly farmers, who own in the mggre gate freehold landstworth, even at the presentdepressed value, manythousands of pounds. It is hereby invited to do so,: Mr O'Sullivanii is also invited to go dowe there bagai asid mplaiui to those leludedal agrioulturalists.thin fallacies of lids single tax." - I ' li :A reception took pl;cen Jisterdiy at St. Joseph'sa Convent;" Wodongu, the ew sister lbeing Miss Mnry Ivers (in religioi Sister I 'ii.'iAlexis). The Prdceedsings were of a very quiet uluarcnter. Siale of Boxsdal's.fam' 1l donga West5 next Tuesday, 