SPORTING. Q.T.C. AUTUMN MEETING... ' Tamisa NOTES BY " RATTLER. Tuesday. The anticipation of witnessing some good work on the tracks at Eagle Farm attracted a number of visitors from town this morning, and they were well repaid for making the trip At a very early hour the Maryborough horse Cyclone started out for a six furlong gallop on the grass two hurdles wide from the rails, and he finished his task in turn 25sec Turalla was given long easy work on the inner track, and Iva Kia did not go out of a canter Telephone put in half pace exercise Gaidez vous finished much better than New feature at the end of a mile run in 1min 51sec and Mona (barefooted) had the call over Newbold at the end of six furlong? Orange skin, Projectile Wvorton, and Avenue went out in company, and after cantering round to the back of the course the quartette broke away at the half mile for a genuine gallop Avenue dropped back after going a few strides, and remained there to the end of the sun, while the other three were on close terms all the way for the mile and a half At the turn into the straight the two Leger colts came away together, and after a great race up the running the Melbourne colt got home with a slight advantage Yelverton was only a length away third The first round occupied drum '"10sec the full mile and a half was run in 2min arisen and the last round took 1min 52sec Advance and War Queen were given a solid two miles, and there was nothing between the pair at the end, the last mile on the outer sand track occupying 2min 5sec and the final six furlongs 1min JOSLO Tient, Clythe, Kingsley, and brockville went together for a circle on the grass Both rent and Kingsley were beaten after the last half mile, andClythe easily disposed of brockville after turning into the straight, and ran the round in 1min 53sec , a gallop which considering that he is any thing but a flash galloper, gives the gray horse a good look in for some of the events to be decided at the approaching meeting Dan O'connell ran mung at slow half pace on the outer sand track, and Humbert and Bogan ran a mile together in 1min. 51sec the last half dozen merinos taking turn Jusec Jealousy defeated Memory in 3min 28sec for six furlongs, and Baffles was of no service to stud book in a gallop once round, occupying 1min above The little \iehiehoisc is improving with every gallop and promises to require a deal of feeling in the Moreton and other short distance handicaps I led strode over half a dozen furlongs under a light weight in great style, the watch registering lunn 20sec for the three quarters Duke of York, ridden right out, took 1min 9sec to run five furlongs, and Kera occupied five seconds longer to negotiate the same distance Capriste ran a circle by himself in turn 52sec, and au Oliver took 1min 21sec between the six furlong and winning posts Greyfnai, accompanied by Shout part of the way, was given a spin over the Produce Stakes distance, and ran the last half dozen furlongs in 1min. 25sec Kildare, with 1 tank Smith in the saddle, went two miles, the first round at strong Half pace and the second in 1min season, without being fully extended Several other horses were exercised quietly The following are the acceptances for the handicaps in the Queensland Turf Club Autumn Meeting to be held on 19th, 24th, and 25th instant - STIUDHHOI L IltNDitu, 0.0 Sovs, 6 Furlongs st lb st lb Avenue .... ) 2 Duke of York .. 7 11 Euroka .... 1 2 Pyrrhus . 7 8 Fled . S 12 Rainbow ... 7 ft Dan 0 Connel 8 U Duke of Athol .. 7 b Sir Oliver . HU Trent . 7 0 Advance . 8 8 Was Kim, hill Stud-book 8 n Bull (A 7 War Queen 8 1 Stockville 6 at Minto 8 2 Mangold 0 0 Booval 8 0 BllIhllANl Cup 200 Sovs., about 2 Miles Projectile .. 812 Orange Skin 7 7 A line ... fa 12 Biifnei 7 fl Boots .. 8 3 War Queen 7 I Clythe .. 8 2 Promise . 7 2 Advance 8 0 You vol ton. but Fred 7 '1 Lady Hilda . (? 13 Kildare . . 7 8 Rainbow . 0 7 Stradbrook 7 7 Mount ON HAND mc or ; 100 Sovs, li Mile Piojoctilu I 3 Orange Skin 7 1 Avenue 1 0 Mile Kill) me , 7 !) Eureka b 16 s. 7 '6 Boots .. 8 b Promise 3 7 7 Co) the ... b 5 Lady, Hilda 7 5 Advance .. s 1 Capriste Yolv orton 7 1 Fred .. 8 3 7 0 Stud-book .. " 12 Master Bolle 0 11 Barrier .. 7 12 Rainbow ... u 10 War Queen 7 JO Now Feature 0 1 Tittil UNDER, 10 Sovs 7 Furlongs C clear H OILouotte.. 8 0 Pliilhpoiia 80 Bom 7 11 Hendon 8 1 Shoot 7 11 Statesman 8 1 I Via 0 10 rates We in HANDICAP, 40 Sovs, 1 Mile Telephones II I | Hendon 11 7 new feature 10 > Pans) 8 '1 (james yours I I i Dugiulioi 8 8 Blown out It) i 14 I Cruiskeen Lawn 8.0 IUMIIIDN lliMini 50 boys 1 Mile and a 1) st face . Cb Hit. 8.10 i Balliol 7th in Olrui His solution 7 1 Boots 8 ! Koiy Unw ii 7 I Advance s ! Minster Bell 6 12 Minto 10 Booval 11 10 but bool 10 ' Rumble O 1 Kill iro . i 'l i II Ihm Secretary QTC liver NOTES After 'several adjournments, the annual meeting of members of the Brisbane Tattersall's Club has been finally disposed of, and the result is so far satisfactory as to warrant the belief that under the new arrangement decided upon the club will shortly be in a very much improved Finance in position The sub committee appointed at a recent meeting were successful in obtaining a concession in the matter of lent, and the recommendation to keep the club going in the occupation of the three rooms at present in use has been accepted by the members It is understood that an effort is to be made to obtain from the Queensland Turf Club the free use of the Eagle Farm course for a one day's meeting at an early date The Clarence River JO, with which is amalgamated the Clarence Tattersall's, intends holding a race meeting on the 11th and 12th July nLtt, when parts of the total value of 575 sovs will be distributed The principal events will be the Club Handicap of 200 sovs , a mile, and the City Handicap of 100 SOVS once round, for which nominations will be due with the secretary, Mr I C Wilcox, on the 2nd June The action of the committee of the Q TO in disqualifying P Nolan and the mare Splendide i for twelve months for suspicious practices in connection with the May Stakes, run on May Day, is creating a considerable amount of discussion in sporting circles, but in the absence of any information regarding the evidence upon which the decision was arrived at the expression of opinions one hears goes for nothing in the fan, of the verdict which has been fùLOated Whether Nolan was absolutely guilty of removing weight after the mare's rider had wolf hold out with the intention of doing this I see by (a means or foul will j probably always remain doubtful, but it may be taken for granted that the circumstantial evidence upon which it is admitted the disqualification was imposed was sufficiently conflicting to justify a strong suspicion that there was a screw loose somewhere. A suspicion might, of course, mean anything. The inability of the mare's 'rider to draw the proper weight upon his return to scale may possibly have been purely accidental, and if it was it is hard upon an innocent man that he should be made to suffer " on suspicion," and that the interest in the sport should be deprived of the services of a first-class horse. The recent spell of dry weather has had a bad effect upon the tracks at the Eagle Farm racecourse, which are at present in a very dusty condition, and it is the intention of the, ranger, Mr. R. Martin, to bring the pumping machinery and hoses into requisition during the remainder of the week, so that the racing track should be in excellent order for the opening proceedings of the autumn meeting on Saturday. In order to insure a good supply of water the creek which runs near the well has been dammed, and it is expected that there will be no difficulty in giving the track a good soaking every day. The Q.T.C. Committee have issued the programme for the minor meeting, which is to be held on the 23rd June next, and the bill is a very attractive one, the half-dozen prizes being' of the aggregate value of 205 sovs. The items are as follow : - Stewards' Plate of 50 sovs., 0 furlongs; Selling Plate of 25 sovs., weight for age, 6 furlongs ; Welter Handicap of 30 sovs., 1 mile ; June Gift (handicap) of 100 sovs., li mile; Breeders' Stakes of 30 sovs., for two-year- olds, 5 furlongs; and Midwinter Handicap of 35 sovs., 1 mile. Nominations for all races must be made with the secretary, Mr. Abel Hyde, by 4 p.m. on Tuesday, the 29th instant. On Tuesday, the 5th June, the nominations of now yearlings must be lodged with the secretary of the Q.T.C. for the following future events a Q.T.C. Derby of 1895, a sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, half forfeit, or 1 now. only if declared and paid by 4 p.m. on the first Tuesday in June, 1895, all forfeits to the club, with at least 150 sovs. added; Sires' Produce Stakes of 1890, a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, half forfeit, or 1 sov. only if declared and paid by 4 p.m. on the 1st April, 1895,' with a subscription of 10 sovs. each from the owners of nominating sires, and 300 sovs. added; and the St. Leger of 1896, a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, half forfeit, or 1 sov. only if declared and paid by 4 p.m. on the first Tuesday in June, 1895, all forfeits to the club, with at least 150 sovs. added. SYDNEY TURF CLUB MEETING. WEIGHTS AND ACCEPTANCES. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, May 15, The following are the acceptances for the principal events in connection with the Sydney Turf Club Queen's Birthday Meeting : ROYAL STAKES. Utter Autonomy Donizetti Trenchant Division The Captain Pilot Boy Albecoro Quadrant Moorefield Bendigo Delaware Buccleuch Candour Babel Response Milkmaid M. L. A. Punchestown Bliss Thespian Gerard Collarette Insignia Nina Acoue Cumine The General Guy Fawkes Kamschat. Metallic Loyalty QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY CUP. Marvel Brackleigh Oxide Loyalty Autonomy , Trenchant Nightingale Maboe Division The Captain Volney Pilot Boy Alberofe Florrie Solon Theophilus Lusko Denman Meinub i Brown Bess King Orry Response Kneapade Confidence Gerard Triton Bliss Ready Money Whist Bodkin. Caprice AVariniiister The following weights have been declared : HURDLE RACE. st. lb. st. lb. Brisbane. 83 i AUR L'ht 9 11 Aniirrow.. .. 12 2 First Light . i 9 U Coals .. 12 0 Billy Boy !) 9 Rushlight 11 7 Mark Twain l T Broker .... 11 0 Tbo Roo.. II 7 Escort 10 li Kilmany ii 5 Warbrook 10 11 Bingara 9.5 Placid sale by Gundamulda .. '1 3 Sterling .. sale by Gordon Brook ., I 3 AVaratab.. 10 7 First Lord a 0 Friction .... 100 Faux Pas 9.0 Trump 9.11 STEEPLECHASE'. st. lb. st. lb. Graudwiiig . 12 7 Victor .. -. !l 7 Speaker is 6 Castlebar ,. <) 5 Spanker 11 It Ontario.. ii 5 Cardigan II. . 10 !) Dancing Master 9.3 Mountain Dow 100 Rockie in !) S Tartar .. !) 11 The Ace !) 0 Iukormaii 9 9 Gordon Brook 9.0 THARGOMINDAH RACES. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) May 9. The annual meeting of the Thargomindah Jockey club was held on the local racecourse on Thursday and Friday last, and was one of the dullest and least interesting meetings ever witnessed here. In the majority of the events only two horses started, and the results were almost a foregone conclusion. The two big handicaps (the Jockey Club Handicap and Bulloo Handicap) were simply matches between two horses, as all the others had been scratched for reasons best known to the owners themselves. The Opening Handicap on the second day resulted in a walk over for Sting. The track was in splendid order after the recent rains, so it was a pity that the fields were not larger and the racing more interesting. The attendance was very small for an annual meeting, but I am pleased to be able to report that the club made a substantial profit. The following are the results : MAIDEN PLATE, of 15 sovs.; If Mile. Blackbird, 8st. 10lb., 1 ; Cassius, 8st. 2lb., 2. Won easily. HANDICAP JUMPING RACE, of 30 sovs., li Fire-The Ghost, 10st. 12lbs; Odd Socks 6st. 10lb., 2. A very good race, both horses jumping splendidly. Won by two lengths. THARGOMINDAH JOCKEY CLUB HANDICAP, of 60 Sovs.; (A Mile. Gaylad III., 8st. 7lb., 1; Lunatic, 7st. 5lb., 2. Won with ridiculous ease. CORINTHIAN HANDICAP, of 15 sovs.; I Milo. Gaylad, 10st. 5lb., 1; Marion, 10st. 7lb., 2; Dolphin, 10st., 3. Won easily by two lengths. SELLING HACK RACE, of 6 Sovs.; 5 Furlongs. -Mailman, 8st. Dib., 1 ; Tarpot, 8st. 9lb., 2 ; Victory, 8st. Dib., 8. Won very easily. SECOND DAY. OPENING HANDICAP, of 20 sovs., 1 Mile. Resulted in a walk over (or Sting, 8st. 12 lb. SELLING HANDICAP, of 15 sovs.; J Milo. Jackson, lOst., 1 ; Dolphin, 7st. 7lb., 3. Won with the greatest of ease. BULLOO HANDICAP, of 40 sovs.; 1 Mile. Sting, 8st. 12lbs.; 1 ; Merlin, 7st. 8lb., 2. Sting jumped away with the lead, which he maintained to the finish, winning by nearly the straight IOIIRUI. PuiiMUANs' House;, of 15 sovs.; I Mile. Jackson, Oat. Gib., 1 ; Gaylad, 8st. 5lb., 2 ; Defiance, 8st. 4lb., 3. Blackbird, 7st. 10lb" also started. This was one of the best races of the meeting, all the horses being bunched together till the home turn, where Jackson, Gaylad, and Dofianao came away, and a great race up the straight -ensued'. Jackson won by a length from Gaylad, with Dollanoo close up. CONSOLATION HANDICAP, of 15 sovs. ; 1 Mile. -Defiance, 8st. 10lb., 1 ; Marlon, 8st. 8lb., 2 ; Lunatic, 7st. 10lb., 3. Good race between Dofianao and Marion. Won by a length. The return cricket match, Town v. Country, was played on the 9th instant, and resulted in a win for the Town after one of the most exciting matches over played in Thargomindah, by only 2, runs. The Town batted first, and com piled-up runs, Chossman contributing 23 and Stacey 8, by careful cricket. The Country then handled the willow, and their lost wicket fell when the score stood at 32, of which J. Cordñev, by vigorous hitting, contributed IS. LAWS TENNIS NOTES BY " HA£?-VOLLEÏ." In these short notes I- purpose eliminating all introductory remarks and all descriptions and measurements of courts and implements. I simply desire in the interests of lawn tennis to give salutary advice, principally to neo- players and players who are yet unskilled in the game. I am quite aware that my opinions may not be abated by some, but at the same time they are the result of many years' practice, and are supported in most instances by valuable attornies. Without further prelude I shall now take the several heads GENERAL PLAY. The first important point is the hold of the racquet, and there is no subject on which there has always been a greater divergence of opinion than this. However, all are agreed that the head should be firm and supple, especially in swift volleying, for the lease' lameness in the grasp will cause disastrous results. The chief aim should be to let the ball strike the racquet fair in the centre ; if the ball strikes anywhere round the outer part of the gut, it will either cause the racquet to twist to that side on which the ball hits or give a totally different direction to the stroke from what was intended. I think the best, plan is to hold the racquet right at the end of the handle ; turn seems to give greater leverage and pace, although some few men believe in the short handle. It requires a strong wrist to continually play with the long handle, but with careful practice the wrist strengthens, and in the case of a chronic weak wrist, a band may be found of service. At times, of course, when the "valleys" are at close quarters, it is absolutely necessary to shorten the grasp, but not otherwise. The arm play should be quite free and there should not be the least suspicion of stillness. Most players of any degree of excellence play was an easy swing and make all the capital possible out of " body weight," and this is worthy of cultivation, as it adds to the efficiency and deadliness of the drive, more particularly in strokes off the ground. The neat player is one who excels in a variety of strokes. Many men have what they call a " pet stroke," to which they seem to give their whole attention. Now, in order to use the pet stroke," " the smash," " low sweep," or whatever it may be, certain conditions are necessary, and therefore as a rule in first- class play the stroke may be very seldom used. For instance, let us take what has been termed the "low waiting drives from the base line. Now, in order to make this, the player must be tolerably near the base line, and the ball must be travelling at fairly slow pace; whereas in good tennis the pace is nearly always swift, while the player may not be in such a position as to allow him to take advantage of the "low drive." This stroke is very good in us place, but to make a practice of always trying to use it on any other particular stroke is not con- ducive to excellence. The player must suit himself naturally to " position" and the returns of his opponent or opponents. There has been a great revival in the "valley',' game, and it is undoubtedly the best both in doubles and singles. It is the most interesting alike to spectators and players, while it is one of the must difficult to learn and excel in. A beginner should always learn and make himself fairly used to and inherent in the strokes off the ground before essaying to " volley." He will find it much easier to "volley" after he has practised the back game than a he at once enters into the difficulties of " volleying." A great source of trouble to young players is their too great eagerness to strike the balls. A number always rush up wildly to meet the ball, and in consequence find " a hole in the racquet," the ball having either passed over their aim or shoulder, or gone to one side. This is very noticeable with ladies. It will be found much easier and more serviceable to keep calm and wait till the ball has reached a convenient height before striking. A cool head and steady hand are indispensable. . Perhaps the greatest bugbear with beginners is the " backhand" stroke. They soon manage the forehand play, but in the majority of cases are always wears on the back- hand. If a player finds he is weak in this or any other strong, he should practise it systematically-most difficulties are over- come with practice. The great secret of lawn tennis appears to me to be certainty and accuracy. It is useless to get in a brilliant stroke now and again, and then miss half-a-dozen others. The style now is to play a hard, low, straightforward game combined with judicious placing. " Screwing" is to be carefully avoided for several reasons. It decreases the pace, is easily mulled, and a good player very soon accustom- himself to every phase of it. At times perhaps it may be serviceable, say, when your opponent is right at the back of the court, but it is very easy to be led on to general screw play. The same remarks apply to " half-volleying," that is taking a ball just as it is rising from the ground. It is sometimes the only way of taking a ball at the feet, but it is to ne shunned, as you cannot score with a half-volley, and the ground must be perfectly true. "Poaching" is one of the branches of the game most difficult to play with judgment. Injudicious "poaching is generally the result of playing with ladies or a weak partner, and is very hard to break off ; but when one sees a good opportunity, and is sure of a score, it is pardonable, but not unless. The "lob" is another great fullback, but requires great accuracy. Systematic " Jobbing" all through a match is to be deprecated, but at times a job" well back to the base- line, pays very well. It is a difficult stroke, both for the striker and receiver, especially if there is a vivid. Good length is an important factor in the game, and seems to be one of the things that are not sufficiently cultivated in Queensland. To anyone who has seen the play in the Southern colonies, the difference in length is very apparent. A short pitched ball allows your opponent plenty of time to gain an advantageous position, and also to score, whereas a man can very seldom punish a base line ball. Position is also very important, but this will be dealt with fully under the heads 'Single Game" and "Double Game." The greatest object is to score quickly, and not, as some people imagine, to see how long the valleys can be sustained, and as soon as a player has gained some confidence, he should begin to play on the offensive. Watch your opponent's every move so that you may place well, and when you perceive his weak spot, work continually in that direction. Don't find all sorts of excuses, for most people can generally see through them, and you will only appear ridiculous. Above all things keep your temper ; if you do not you will lose all enjoyment in the game, will certainly not win, and besides will be a laughing-stock for the spectators. Coolness, steadiness, precision, a and equanimity of temper are to be cultivated, and those, combined with regular practice, are generally considered essential conditions of good tennis. The next subjects will be " The Service and " The Single Game." POINTS. If a player in running from the baseline to the net at a great speed returns the ball, and then finds he cannot avoid touching the net he is not allowed to jump over the net into his opponent's court, but if he can jump the net and land outside the opposite court his stroke is a good one. M. Maxime Lisbonne, a revolutionist who was formerly a colonel under the Commune, but whom nobody in France takes seriously, has just hit upon a new idea (say the Daily News). He has become the manager of a little music hall at Montmartre, to which he has given the title of the Japanese Divan. In this new position he seems to have cast about for a means of benefiting by his record as a politician, he has had a large board placed out side his new establishment with the inscription, '' The only music hall safe from bombs." A woman named Olynott, of Ashford, Kent, who has for a number of years been receiving outdoor relief from the West Ashford Union, has, by the death of a relative, just come into a sum of £000. She has now repaid the guardians the sum she received in relief. 