LADIES' COLUMN. [Under this head we will be prepared to receive and answer, as far as possible, any in quiries which our subscribers may be pleased to send in, addressed under cover, to •'Jfpdge," A.DYERTXSET. office.] MARRIAGE IN ABYSSINIA. Abyssinia is a country where, if marriage is a failure, it CAn be easily dissolved. There is absolutely no legal or holy tie. When a man is desirous of marrying a girl he directly applies to her parents. The maidens, like those in ninny European countries, are seMom consulted on the question the lover arrang ing with the father or male relatives regarding her dower, winch genet ally means a few beeves, sheep, or pieces of cloth, and some times gold. On the marriage day the bride groom presents himself with his best man at the house of his future father-in-law. Much feasting goes on till the bride is carried off by her husband generally on his shoulders, while the male relatives closely follow, making a canopy of their togas to keep off the rays of the sun, or perhaps trie effects of the evil eye. Behind come a crowd of young girls and boys, methodically lifting their arms above their heads, and clapping their hands to the measured beating of tom-toms carried by men running along the flinks of the pro cession, who also blow long trumpets. The happy couple that I saw married outstripped their followers, with the exception of their best man,and at last reached the town green, where the groomsmen formed a screen with their cloaks round the happy pair, when the deferred courtship began. It is a custom for the supporters of the "room, generally sir m number, to be present on this occasion, and for many days afterward to go round visiting the houses of the mutual friends of the married pair, extolling the beauties of the bride and the accomplishments of the groom, generally finishing up with a grotesque dance, which 13 much enjoyed by the enthusiastic neighbors, crowding round the open door way. Though this marriage can be annulled according to mutual agreement of bride and groom, if, after years of happiness together, they wish to cement the tie more closely, the pair simply attend the holy communion together in church, and the marriage is then looked upon as indissoluble.—" Century Magazine." FEMALE GENERAL. A few years ago, a feinalo, who resides in a town in Ayrshire, had the misfortune to be married to a 'sottish husband.' Every night, his professional labours over, be repaired to a certain tavern where he met a set of companions, drouthy as himself, and devoted the whole evening to drinking. His wife saw the brink on which he wa3 standing, and, prompted by parental and connubial affection, was unceasing in her efforts to wean him from the tavern, and reconcile him to the comforts of his own quiet domicile. But her labour of love was entirely thrown away : in place of becoming better he grew gradually worse ; seldom went to bed before one or two in the morning, rose late, neglected his business, and, in short, was on the high road to ruin. His temper be came frightfully irascible, and in place of soothing his broken-hearted wife, he found fault with everything, and rarely approached her but with abuse on his lip3 and a frown on his brow. The poor woman's looks, to those who could read them, told a very dis mal tale ; and in her despair she hit on the following expedient, which, we understand, has been attended with the happiest effects. One night, after dark, she repaired to the tavern her husband frequented, persuaded a knot of tradesmen to accompany her, ordered a huge bowl of toddy, compounded the materials secundum artem, sent the glasses round, got one man to sing, a second to laugh and a third to i ike ; and, in short, acted her part so well, that she looked the very picture of a female toper. When the charm was tbu3 far wound she sent for her husband, and invited him to take a seat and taste her toddy. At first the man stared as if he had seen a ghost; and it was observed that his color went and time when he heard his spouse declare, that judging from the example of some of her friends, she had como to the conclusion th^t a tavern must be the hap piest place in the world, and was deter mined for the future to share its pleasures. Frequently she stirred the bowl and re plenished the glasses, and when the vessel became dry, rang the bell, commissioning materials for a fresh browst. But here the husband, who had been silently forecasting the shnpa of future events, remonstrated so earnestly that the lady consonted to abridge her revels and accompany lun\ home. By the way, they conversed long and seriously ; certain promises were voluntarily made— promises which were kept to the very letter— and the result of the wife's stratagem was, that her husb.and became one of the soberest men in the parish, and was indebted for his reformation less to a temperate than an in temperate society. A YIOTIS1 OF THE VINEGAR HABIT. 'I once had a patient,' said Laurence i^ewcomb, of Rochester, 2S>.T., who formerly practised as a physician, but is now an angel of commerce, ' who poisoned herself with vinegar. I never was a burn ing or shining lip.ht in the medical pro fession, and hence it is not surprising that the case baffled my investigation for a year, though I have the consolation of knowing that four eminent physicians who were called in for consultation attributed the lady's evident breaking up to four different causes, none of them remotely connected with the real one. The chief symptom was lassitude and deathly whiteness, and the lady, who had no other companion than an ignorant, though fiithtul, coloured attendant, finally died be fore reaching her thirtieth year. Subsequent investigation proved that she was a vinegar fiend, and that, while refusing food of all de scription, she was drinking large, quantities of vinegar. As the habit grew upon her she secured stronger grades, until finally she was drinking acetic acid, but very slightly diluted. There are case; on record of persons who have been poisoned by overdoses of vinegar, taken to improve the complexion, but this is the only case I ever heard of any one acquiring a vinegar habit and pursuing it steadily uutil it caused death." HOW TO MANAGE A WIFE. Manage 1 What is that ? Does it mean to control '! We manage a horse. We use our superior human intellect to control and guide his superior physical strength so as to obtain tlie best results. But a wifeii not a horse. Where two persons fire properly married, the wife is superior to her husband in as many respects as he is superior to her in others. If happiness is to be the result of the union, the first business of the husband is to manage himself so as to keep himself always his wife's respectful friend, always her tender lover, always her equal partner, always her superior protector. This will necessarily stimulate the wife fc be always an admiring friend, always an affectionate sweetheart, always a thrifty housewife, always a confiding ward. And this will so re-act upon the husband that his lovo for his wife will grow so as to make it easy for the husband, with all his faults, to bear, with all the infirmities of hi3 ' one and only' vifo.'— Rev. Dr. C. F. Deems, in the " Christian at Work." LIKE AND UNLIKE. ' There are three things' said an old I philosopher, ' which a woman should be like and at the same time totally unlike. In tl- c J tirrt place, she should be like a snail, bci. j the snail is always tc be found in hia ' n(jUse And she shouldn.t resemble this s5ngular | creature, because he puts all thiv ^ ho Jlas ;n the world upon bis back. she should be like an echo, because * echo speaks only when it is spoken Lf) . -unlike it, because the echo is alw .t„3 t}0Un{] to have the last word. Onco 'rj0rei a yeoman should be like the town clo<"_Ki jn s]10 should keep regular hours. ^ an[| bo exact in all things. And, unlike fIie town clock, she should not lot her tongue be heard throughout the town,1 USEFUL HINTS. Anything that adds to the neatness and beauty of the home and its belongings not only increases the owner's pleasure, but fojters refinement atid real betterment of the household. State tea leaves are said to bo excellent for cleaning bottles that have had milk in them. Put a few leaves in the bottle, pour in water, shake, then rinse out v?ith clean vrater. It will mabo them clear as crystal and remove' any particle of mil;:. Tf you have any reason to think that the water you are using may not he perfectly puere, boil it, and after it has cooled strain it and bottle it for use. Boiling will purify water always. Lemonade, say the doctors, is best when made of boiling water, covered up closely and allowed to cool. In this way it is more full of flavour and goodness and best suited to an invalid, and one lemcn will go as far as two. When biic-a-brac grows dusty and yellow it should be cleansed or dispensed with. 0r::ament3 of plaster of Paris or alabaster may be freshened by covering them with a thick layer of starch. When thoroughly dry, brush it off with a stiff brush, and the dust will <ro with the starch. This is given as a simple remedy for a rough skin. First wash the face thoroughly at night, then rub it with about a teaspoonful of cream, letting it dry in. The skin will look shiny and feel stiff at first, but in the morning you will find it soft as can be desired. 