ITEMS OP 'SPOUT. OKIGIUr, AX» UUIDBBD. (By the " Bird o' Freedom " Staff.) Carnage has boon entered for the Aus- tralian Cup, and also Light Artillery. A good many people wero out of sorts bccauso they did not back All Sorts. Joo Burton will bo able to buy a few more umbrellas after Stanmore's win. Whakawntca will make things hum in tlio Nowmarket if ho has a good rider up. Excellent entries liavo been received for tho Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup. Gorry was warned off the Moonco Valley racecourso on Tuesday as an unlicensed jockey. Wo have often heard of " Lark pie," but Nightingale put a- lot of people "in the soup.'' . Weights for the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup are due on January 15, next Monday weok. Mr. "W.Kelso has purchased Tho Cap tain from Mr. S. G. Cook for £250, and he is not dear at tho price. Payten's stable is represented by Pulvil in the Nuwmnrket, and by Pulvil, Camoola and Donation in the Cup. Mr. Hook purchased a colt at tho "Wellington Park yearling sale for 310gs. „ When tho weights como out look out for the Old 'Uu's tip for tho Newmarket and Cup. Another Wild Rose and Highborn. In Western Australia there is a horso called Carbine running. By his recent exploits at Perth he seems worthy to bear thatnamo in his own country, Mr.- Dan O'Brien's Loyalty won tho Auckland Plato on Tuesday, and will return to Sydnoy with his ownor by the first steamer from that port. The late Mr. G. B. Rowley will bo sorely missed in sporting circles. He was a man take him for all in all wo shall not look upon his like again." Mr. W. Forrester's stablo is represented by All There, Milkmaid, and Donizetti in the Nowuiarket Handicap, and by Ronda and Ponance in the Australian Cup. I em't Stan (hie) more, my friond, he said, As in Pcarco's bar ho quaffed. That night as his friend got into his bed lie said, that's tho straight tip, and laughed. In tho Nowmarket Handicap last year Vorax gave Fortunatus (25 to 1) as the winnor, and the Old 'Oil gave Malolo, tho second. It is to be hoped they will bo as successful this year. Mr. Sam Hordorn purchased tho Castor — Frailty colt at the salo of the Wellington Park yearlings on Wednesday for 1575gs. Ho also purchased another colt for lOoOgs, " Wo read an article from a parson's pou the othor day about sporting tipsters. "Parsons are the last men in the world that should talk or write about tips. They livo on 'em. Sweet is tho song of tho Nightingalo When heard in old Euglaud's woods, But swootar at Randwiok tho Nightingale When inouoy she puts iu our " duds." An extraordinary thing happened iu tho Selling Race at Moonee Valley, oil Tuesday, tho three starters — May Day, Lardy Dardy, and Goldsmith — running a dead beat. In the dociding heat Gold6initli was with drawn, and May Day beat Lardy Dardy by a head. Mr. P. O'Mara, who for a considerable time has been the late Mr. G. B. Rowley's assistant in the management of racing affairs connected with Kensington and Rosehill, has been temporarily appointed to act in his ploco. Mr. O'Mara lias a thorough knowledge of the business con nected with these clubs. Commandour Baron Salvi, an eminent Italian sportsman, has recently been visiting America, by direction of the Italian Government, with the object of studying the breeding of horses for spoet- ing, military, and other purposes; He might liavo done worse than come on to Australia. " Say, boss, what brands of whisky have you on hand ?" said a customer at Herbert Garratt's the other night. "All Sorts," said Herb., and then being absent-minded, added, "but he's got a lump of weight." "Don't give mo that brand," said the customer. "I want- a whisky that's not too heady." Thon the boss wrapped him up a bottle of Long John. Loyally is entered in tho Newmarkot Handicap and Australian Cup, . Eoval Arch won the Ladies' Mile at tho Orango J,C. meeting on Monday, and Barnoy tho Public Auction Stakes. A bid of 200gs. failed to tempt Mr. Monaglian to part with Mirridong on Tuesday. Not long ago the colt was looked upon as wortli fivo times that amount. King Clovis, who won tho Shorts Handi cap and Flying Handicap at Bega on Tuesday, is by Clan Stuart, and was for merly owned by Mr. W. J, Frank, tho owner of Pliaramond. A jockey named Rowell was killed in a race at last Auteuil (Franco) Autumn Meeting. The horso lio was riding foil and dragged liirn for a quarter oE a mile, and Rowell was kicked and mutilated in a shocking manner. The blood maro Glory, by Glorious, from Catherine Seytou, was bitten by a snake a few days ago in a paddock at Cookardinia, < and diod soon after. She had a foal by Mercury at her Bide, and an effort will bo made to rear it by hand. Yardley, dam of Rink, tho V.R.C. Criterion Stakes winner on Now Year's Day, lias bred previous wiuuors to First King in Zopli, Ducrow, Lonsdale, Ring master, and Stonebroke, while tho well- kuown mare Magic Circle is returned as by First King or St. Albans from tho samo dam. Yardloy was bred in England in 1877, and is by Sterling from Hippodnmia, by Polion from Slander, by Pantaloon from a sister to Touchstono. Rink is engaged in next sdhson's V.R.C. Derby A London correspondent writes teat owing to a severe attack of suppressed gout, tho English racing man Captain Macholl was recently unhinged in his mind, but was oxpeetod to be got all right. Ho was attending Livorpool Races, and at 8 o'clock in tlio morning sonio people passing his hotel wero alarmed to soo hiui, dressed in only his night-shirt, sitting on tlio ledge of tlio window of his bedroom, which is on tlio fourth door. A largo crowd quickly assembled, as Captain Macholl was iu a most dangerous position, but their warning shouts failed to iuduco hiui to go back into his room. Mean while, lipwovor, a police-constable and two other men rushed into tho hotel, and ftftor a great deal of troublo succeeded in get ting him inside. "All Sorts, who won' the Christinas Han dicap at tho late A. J.C. Meeting, cutting out tlio mile in liuin 401 see, and carrying 8st, and thon won tho Welter Handicap, I mile, carrying list 31b, iu lmiu 42-j-soc, at Tattersall's Mooting on Monday, was at one time the proporty of Mr. James Hutton, tho Canterbury trainer, being givon to that gentleman by Mr. R. Sharpo, of Candelo, in tlio South Const district, as ho thought it was useless to persevere with tho horso for racing purposes owing to a growth in his sido near tho belly, supposed to be a cancer. Mr. Hutton, however, thought that ho could euro him, having a good opinion of tho horse's ability. Ho at once couimonccd operations by throwing the horse and cutting tho lump out. Tho horso was thrown on eight different occa sions for the purpose of dressing tho wound, and more than an ordinary stable buckot of matter being taken from tlio place. The piece cut out measured 6in by Jin. , All Sorts was eventually cured and put into work again, and lias sinco won tho double at Cooma, a number of racos in tho country districts, besides races at suburban meetings in Sydney. Hi3 latest per formance- lias boon exceptionally gratifying to Mr, Hutton, aud lie talks of tho old liorso with much pride. Mr. John Corlott, iu the Sporting Times, dwells affectionately on some rominiscences of the Liverpool Cup, wou this year by La Fieolie. The race was established in 1858, and in 1857 it was won by Special License, who won it again in 1S58. Amongst the liorscs that Special License defeated may be notedFislioruian, St. Giles, Tournament, Underhand, Stmthnover, Cotswold, and' two of three horses that ran the famous dead heat for the Cesarewiteh, viz., El Hakim and Queen Bess. Rare old Fisher man, who afterwards laid tho foundation of ' such a magnificent breed in Australia, was close up, notwithstanding that he was handicapped to give some of the runners nearly 5st, aud lie had at this time run in that year iu no fewer than 34 races, nearly a score of which ho had won. In those days the cracks were not laid up in cotton wool as they aro now. How puny are tho records of tho modern racohorse as com pared with the performances of this fine old fellow. "We liavo mentioned that Queen Bess ran a dead he, it for the Cesarewiteh. At Kelso Fisherman gave. her 3st 121b over a mile and a half, and after a terrific race ho was beaten by only a head. After an interval of an hour he was brought out to ' run over the same distauce against a mare called Breeze, who had won several races. He gave her 101b and won in a . canter. He did not run any more that day, but on the following' one lie tackled Queen Bess again, this timo at 3st 51b, and the dis tance 2 miles. Ho was beaten by only a neck. Never was there sucii a cast-iron I horse. Sandfly won tho. Auckland Trotting Cup. Spleudalia is a rank duffer after lior Selling Race performance at Canterbury., For-tlie Doncaster Handicap and Sydney Cup entrios will bo wautod on February 5. The horse Lexicon, which was injured at tho start for the Bega Cup on Now Year's . Day meeting of tho Bega District Jockey Club by Lena running into him, is dead. Lena also was cripplod. Tho Martyr fairly excelled himself in tho long galloway race- on Wednesday by giving his field a very bad beating. Ho ran a milo and 100yds in time equal to a milo in lmin 44.1 soo — fair galloway busi ness. A lot of people would liko to liavo a. look at the galloway Referee. Wo expect a liorso named after our Wednesday sporting authority to bo something better than a ghost of some other animal. Tlio "niessago" of some of the folks who backod a supposed certainty for tho Galloway Race at Canterbury was a sad one on settling day. The books roceived it (in hard cash) aud inwardly blessed Tho Martyr's flcotuess of foot. Stormy won a raco at Canterbury tills weok — and got the prize. Last week his owner tltoughb ho won — this weok lie knows it, because his pocket bulges in stead of his teinpor. Stormy was a well- backed pony on Wednesday, aud ho hit the books hard. There was some spirited hotting at tlio Canterbury pony races on Wednesday. Mr. H. Oxenham was oporating, and tho odds wero liboral, especially against out siders. Ownors who fancy their ponies have a good ciianco of getting commissions executed at satisfactory rates just now. Tlio starting gato was tried at Canter bury again on Tuesday. Tliore was every opportunity of making a comparison between tho apparatus and tlio old method, as Mr. ,VV. Davics despatched some of the fields in tho ordinary way. The startiug all round was better than usual. Buckthorpo (imp.) seems to be coming out of his shell at last, as so well a bred sire i3 bound to do, and he scored a brace of victories by tho aid of Young Buckthorpo in tho Nursery and of The Premier- in tlio Welter Handicap at tho Q.T.C. meeting. Buckthorpe was imported by Mr. W. H. Kent, of Brisbano. Tliero aro a lot of loafors posing as owners, part owners, lessees, " friends of tho ownor," aud tho liko who ought to bo fired off tho Sydney racecourses, especially the pony courses, and dealt with under tho Vagrancy Act. Decent peoplo (with an incurabto desire to punt) have quite enough to put up with without having a phase of tho confidence trick rung in on them at every turn. Tho Canterbury Park race-day trafiic from Ash held to the course is managed on the go-as-you- please principle, and some day or other a gigantic smash will draw attention to the haphazard rush that goes on among tlio 'buses aud cabs. The 'buses, many of them iu a shaky con dition, are systematically overloaded, aud somo of the cabs and 'buses are driven so recklessly in the raco for more passengers that sooner or later somo big headings in the evonitig papers will tell of a crash. Meanwhile the transit ollicers ornament; tho scene with tlioir braided uniforms aud . nialacca whip handles, occasionally offer ing a mild remonstrance to tho 'bus mon, which is invariably treated with supreme contempt, Tho walking contingent moan- whilo is on tho increase. When T. Darby cauio to tho scales to weigh out for Parrauiatta for tho Staudish Handicap at the V.R.C. Meobiug on Mon day, the question was raised as to. whether his term of suspension for diaobedionco at tho post in tlui Free Handicap at tho V.R.C. Spring Meeting had expired. There was some delay until tho matter was set at ' rest, but soeing that tho club's official sheet, tho " Racing Calendar," set out that tho suspension expired' on December 31,1893, it seemed strange that any doubt as to Darby's qualification should have arisen. Darby not only rodo in the .race, but was on tho back of the winner, Parra- matta, on whom ho rodo an excellent race. Tlio Ascot Racing Club liavo mado a new departure in registering the heights of ' ponies racing with thorn, having decided 10 distinguish the classes by letters instead of iuchos as heretofore. This will result iu tho gradual disappearance of the measurement question. Their Thursday's programme comprised two ovents illus trating the now departuro, one a handicap for galloways, which have now been as similated to tlio English standard, and will bo called Class A. Horses eligible to com pete in this class will be those hitherto recognisod as 14.2 hands. A similar prac tice is followed iu Class C, which will bo for ponies previously running as 14 hands, which, will rank as 14.2 until officially measured. Tho other events wero a Steeplechase, of 2 miles ; a Timo Handicap Trot, of 2 miles j a Disposal Stakes for G'- class ponies, of 5 furlongs, and the Ascot Handicap, for horses, about 5 furlongs. The fiat.at Kensington races is a popular place, and was well patronisedat this week's meeting, Tlio old cream pony Knotty is still in good form, and easily- carried off the 13.1 raco this week at Kensington. _ Darkio, having won three trots at Ken- siugton, gavo placo this week to Van Ness, driven- by tlio ouly Blott". Turn and turn about is only a fair tiling. The chestnut inaro Post is in good form just now, and won another race at Ken sington on Thursday, after a ding-dong finish with Freshwater, by a bead. The Konsington Club got a clear day on Thursday, without opposition, and had a fairly good attendance, several of the principal bookmakers doing business in the betting ring. Ivy is supposed not to stay over half a mile, but she played follow the leader with a large field of galloways at Canterbury \- over live furlongs, run in lmiu 4soc. As much as 20 to 1 was laid against her, Cadogan was ono of tho moGt successful sires at the lato Duncdin Jockey Club meeting, New Zcalaud. This will be good ' nows to Frank Darloy, who owns the hand some son of C'reiuorne. While being taken to Nowmarket on Wednesday the two-year-old colt Forward bucked off tlio boy on liis back and got away. Before being caught Forward slightly injuicd his foot. Lady Duff is costing some people a lot of inouoy. When she starts sho is generally favorite, runs fairly well, but does not win. It's a long lane that hasn't got a turning, and there may be a turn in " Kennedy's luck " some day. Those handsome ponies Ena and Block Swan got an unoxpected setting down at Kensington, when tlio outsider Trixio ran the pair of them down at tho end of tho 14.1 Handicap on Thursday." Six to 4,v Ena aud 8 to 1 Trixio were tiio figures. Tho Kensington Timo Trot was a very good contest, ultimately won by tho book marker Ariel, 22sec behind scratch. The timo of Mr. Frank Hill, jun.'s horso was uinin 33Jsec for the two wilos, aud ho was only third favorite. Tho stewards at the Kensington pony races came down heavily on tho champion pony Marabeau and his- rider, L. Want. Six months was the verdict after observa tions wero taken of Marabeau's perfor mance in tho 13.1 Handicap last Thursday, The injuries which Spiffen received in tlio Hurdle Race at Flemington on Monday weok wore so serious t-lmt he had to be destroyed. Spiffen was bred at Tabletop by Mr. James Mitchell, and was a full brother to Patconn, Lvsia, and Edith, by Glorious from Mangatia, by 'Talk o' the Hill from Nancy, by South Australian. As a five-year-old Spiffen, who, in appearance, was a Glorious all over, showed good form on tlio fiat, but he afterwards went off and . novcr regained his form. An offer of ono guinea was on Wednes day mado at Messrs. Yuille and Oo.'a sale (Melbourne) for a raeeliorso by Chester from a Musket maro. Tho auctioneer, with a show of indignation, refused to accept such a low bid, but was' not abovo taking one at four guineas, at which a deal was effected. Aldersliot is "the namo of this aristocratically-bred animal. Ho is a gelding, and is literally a bag of bones, so that he is possibly dear at the low price stated. Tho West Australian champion, Wan dering Willie, was beaten at a difference of 21b only by Scnrpia in tlio All-aged Stakes at Perth. Searpia was at one time, owned by tho well-known Victorian jockey,. T. Sanders, tlio colt costing 280 guineas as a yearling. Ho was sold to liis present ownor for 120 guineas. While trainod at Flemington, as a two-year-old, by J. Nicholson, Searpia did a remarkably good trial over five furlougs, cutting out the distance on the grass, with his shoes on, under lmin usee. Tho Q.T.C. would liavo -won tlieir case against Pritcliard the other day, in tho District Court (says a Brisbane writer), had they relied on Rule CO instead of try ing to prove Smith'b ownership of the race horse Monarch. Proof of this was mani festly impossible from the outset, and quite unnecessary. Rule 60 reads, for all pur poses of the question at issue, as under ; " So long as tho name of a person shall be in the forfeit list ... no liorso . . . which, after liis (tho person's) default has been registered in tlio official register, shall be proved to tho satisfaction of the committee' or stewards to be under his care, training, &c.;, shall bo qualified to run for any raco." It was not denied that Smith was on the forfeit list, nor that his default had been registered on tlio official register, nor that Monarch was cared for and trained by liirn. The fact that the forfeit list was not posted iu tho office does not strike the lay mind as material to tho issuo, though a lot of stress was laid upon the omission. 