Murrumbidgcc" Turt'Club. SPRING MEETING. First Day—Wednesday, Novbmbkr 14. ; CUP DAY. Chairman: Mr E. W. Donnelly. Committee :Mcs?r8. P. Ilium, C. H. Croaker, a. Uwld, a. Colcmau,T. P. Gardiner, J. J. ftl'Mcklo, Q. P. \V!l*on. F. N. Oxl-iy. John Cox, Gooryo Llntott, C.'T. W. Mur ay, F. Futtor, Di. Long, anl Dr Tlmno. .Judge: M*. P. llnnn. Sorter: Mr. Georgo Llitott. Hindi enppor: Mr. J. Price. Hon. Treasurer: Mr. C Scctfe Cl^rk of tlio ScaIcb : Mr. V. J. 1) ilcy. Clerk of the Co-use: Mr. J, li. L'ratt. Secretary: &tr.; J T. Williamson. Tub Annual Spring Mooting of the Murrum bidgea Tut f Club was coinmnuced yesterday, under most favorable circumstances The weather was all that could be desired, and the course was in splendid condition. The running track was in excellent order, and imd. the appearance of the course and lawn tended in a measure to make a visit to the course a pleasant out ing. Special efforts had beon made by the committee to make the meeting a successful one, and the response by sportsmen and the public generally must bo considered beyond the expectations of the club. Au excellent programme of races was drawn up, and good prizes offered for the various events, the result being that numerous entries were received, and good fields faced the starter on each occasion, amongst the runners being many high class racehorses. The appointments at the course were all in capital order, and in fact the comnuttoc appear to have left nothing undone that could in any way tend towards making the cup meeting of ISO-i a successful one. ihe attendance was the largest seen on the course for many years, noticeable amongst those present being a large number of visitors from Goulburn, Guudugai, Cootamundra, Tumut, Albury, Jiuicc, and elsewhere. Ibo stands were crowded, and the large con tingent of ladies which graced the grand Btand with their presence lent an additional attraction to the meeting, the jnany hand some costumes being a noticeable feature. The WaggaTown Baud played a lengthy pro gramme of choice selections during the afternoon! and the music discoursed by them enlivened tho proceedings daring the intervals between the races. Considerable interest was taken in the rac ing, and as most of tho events were reckoned on 'as being very open, much speculation was indulged in on each race. For the Cup race in particular a number of well known ami good performers took part, and the race was tho most interesting and exciting witnessed for some time on tho \\\ agga course. The stewards and officers were most attentive to their posts, and carried ont the duties allotted to them the satisfaction of all concerned. Mr. G. Lintoit as starter was most successful, and Mr. P. Hann as judge, left 110 opening for complaint in giv ing his decisions. Mr. _W. J. Daley as clerk of tho scales, was quite at home at his post, and weighed out and in with much prompt ness. As clerk of the course, Mr. J. R Pratt satisfied everybody, and the ;secre tary, Mr. J; T. Williamson, was most courteous and attentive in kbe perfor mance of his onerous duties.. The grand atand booth was under the chargo , of Mrs. S. Shaw, who also provided an excel lout .lunch, and tho outside booths were at tended- to ..by Mr. John Nash (No.' 1),-and Mrs. Shaw (No. 2). The trophy for tho Cup rice, which was a massive gold cup, pre edited to the club by Mr. Francis toy, was on view oil the lawu .while Llio racju was being run, and attracted considerable at ten tion from the visitors. , Proceedings opened with the Trial Stakes, lor which iv field of a dozon were taken m hand by the starter. Very. feWiof the twelve hud earned distinction in public* out among them Were some likely looking ones. Head and shoulders above his opponents in appearance was Merchantman, a finei slash ■ Ins black-' three-year-old' own brother to Capstan (Jones'), and though' he had never previously been seen out under-silk ^sueii a tall tail! was circulated about Ms drnngs at home that Sheet Anchor's'sori was ini cyery- J body's niouth, arid .so solidly was he.sup-, rvirtcd that lie quickly rose to tho position of first favorite. ' Another karandera representative;'Early Morn, who had before won fame on the racecourse,was next m. favor witli'biickers, while Fortress also had' a hie following. The only other one backed with any spirit , .was. , Rosy Morn, a full si-ter to Moas.Roso and Roseleaf. That the party behind RosyMorn'did not overate her ability, the filly clearly showed, for after Fortress had made the running for half the distance, Rosy Morn ran to the front and stopped there to the end, a despised outsider in'the big grey Grosvenor'gelding Pick running second. Fortress ran well and finished third, and the favorite was a cood fourth, but Early Mom shaped very disappointingly. It was perhaps his want ot experience that cost Merchantman the race. Aftor entering the straight lie looked very like smothering tho opposition without much effort,but, when pressuro was. brought to boar on him, he ran all over tho shop, and lost so much grouiid by these tactics, that llis chance was completely spoiled. For the First Hurdle Race, which was tho next item discussed, only four candidates put in an appearance. At first^ Messenger was pounced upon as tho soundest- invest ment, and on paper lie certainly appeared such, but before tho betting operations on the race had been long in progress weight of money caused Grey Garry to oust him from liis position, and when tlio nag fell Groy Garry was quoted at 6 to 4, and Messenger at 2 to 1. Sharpshootor had friends at 4 to 1, but puntors took very little notice of the other starter, Raillery. Most of the running was made by Raillery and Grey Garry, Messenger always being conspicuous a long way in the rear. Seven furlougs from homo tho favorite had had enough, and then Rail lery proceeded to cut out tho work, waited on by Sharpshooter. The latter got on terms with tho leader crossing the second last jump, but Raillery was not yet done with, and warding off Sharpshooter s chal lenge. Mr. M'Gratli's mare came on and won with a bit in hand from the Narandera gelding, who beat Messenger a long way for On returning to scale, Raillery had to undergo the ordeal of a protest, on the al leged grounds that she missed one of tlio jumps. Tlio matter was given lengthy con sideration by tho stewards, who decided to dismiss the objection. Another olrou!^' stance in connection with the race that tlio powers gave their attention to was the backward running of Messenger, tho result being that his rider (G. Staumore) was Bovcrcly cautioned. . , " Raillery, tho winner, is a big raking bay mare by Pell Mell (son of Panic) from Mirthful. This was Raillery s first appear aneo over hurdles, and she shaped so well that better things may be oxpeoted ot liei. With luncheon disposed of attention was turned to the Wugga Cup. The withdrawal of Moss Rose on the course caused some Bur prise, aud had, as might have been expected, the effect of causing her sister, Roseleaf, to be more than ever sought after by backers. It goes without saying that taken all ways, class, condition, appearance, etc.i such a Held of horsea has not taken part in the time-honored raco for a good many years past. Coming «o soon after his brilliant porformunceB in and around Melbourne it was only natural that tho sensational Tara mki would be the ecntral figure among a lot of attractions. Notwithstanding liis recent continual heavy work, and tho fact that he had only arrived from Melbourne the previous evening, Taranaki had a bright, healthy look, and moved about the paddock with a troul in which there waB nob the slightest sign of soreness or weariness. Tho majority oF peoplo ex* pouted to find him a little overdone, and a keen -judge of condition might have voted him just a wee bit too much strung up, but U* his opponents found out there was not much amiss with Albury'a big bay bod. Contrary to anticipation Taranaki did not have things all his own way in the betting market. Considering his rcccnt great deeds across tho Murray, 3 lo 1 was a aurpriaingly good figure to get about Taranaki. This cm, however, be accounted for the fact that there waB little party money behind him. His owner (Mr. S. L. West), does not, wo bollovo, bet himself, and Taranaki had no immediate con nections who arc in tho habit of plunging. Besides two or throe of the other candidates ! were so solidly supported that- the fielders oiuld well afford to deal liberally with QUraimUi. A mountain of muscle was Rose loif, and her admirers were so sangulnn about her ability to win, that they bucked her down to 3 to 1, at which price she and Taranaki shared favoritism. Koaelcaf was credited with hivviny performed a phenomen ally good trial, and thoau in the beat position to judgo, would not hear of her being de feated even by a smasher liko the horso that out fouyht Devon in the Williauistowo Cup last Friday. . Roseleaf looked a perfect lady, and her failure was certainly not. duo to want of condition. M.L A. did not seem like a horse who had gone through a satisfactory preparation, and there was few-or no enquirers for him in tho hotting ring. Though small, this chcsbn it son of Archie, isadccidedly well shaped horso and an undoubted good ono too besides. iMiL.A. waa not, however, quite himself yesterday, and nobody was surprised when he did not play a prominent part in the hunt. Whisht had a taking appcarance and carried the confidence and bullion of many friends, while Ready Money looked fit enough to battle for all Tyson's wealth. Staunch supporters he had, too, who staked freely on Guinea's big son. As it way generally considered that His Reverenco was being started to help Whisht, he was neglected, yet the "clerical gentleman" beat his mate in the race. Very sweet were theGundagai division on Hermit, and tight well did Mr. Leary have Splendor's son looking. Before he left home Hermit had : shown his trainer a very satisfactory trial, | and Gundagai, always ready to back its fancy, was not behindhand on this occasion. Hermit was backed for as much money as any horse in the race, and that the trust reposed in him was not much missplaced, was shown by tho way he figured in the battle. There were a few who h;td a liking for the ancient Bernardo, whose trainer (J. Cain) had got wonderfully well, considering the doubtful cotiditiou of tho old 'uns legs. Hermoine, who com* pleted the batch, thongh well bred and speedy looking, was rightly considered out of place in such company, and nobody seeined anxious to take shares in her chance. Tho history of the race needs very little telling. Whisht led out of tho straight from a closely-packed bunch, the pace being only moderate. When about three fur longs Ind been covered Ready Money took charge, and the rate of going mended, lijnterinu on tho last five furlongs Taranaki (who had been always very handy) shot to the head of affairs, and from that out the argument was virtually at an end, for though Roscleaf once threatened danger Taranaki easily held his place, and ran home a comfortable winner by three or four lengths Bernardo, who finished well, beat the casing-up Roselcuf by a length aud a half for second, and Hermit was fourth. | Both Whisht and Ready Money cut up ! rough, but His Reverence ran a good deal better than was expected, and he may win a race to-day. By this time most people who take any interest in horseracing know all about Tara naki. He wa9 bred by his present owner (Mr. S. L> West), who bout»ht his dam (Axiom) stinted to Yattcndon'a son Albury, and the result of the union was Taranaki. Axiom also pro.hiced that good han licap horse Vain Hope llatc Lamond) and Acci dent. Out Forbes and Parkes way Taranaki last year showed good enough form to entice his owner to nominate him for the Caulficld and Melbourne. Cups. Ho started in both races with light burdens, and shaped well in eocn. In the Melbourne Cup espe^ially^ he ran like the racehorse he undoubtedly is, being mainly responsible for the pace for not less than a mile and three quarters. Previous to these essays, however, he won a handicap at Saiulu .vu Park, and after the im?- racing curnival he carried off the Williamstown Cup, beating amongst others Devon; who was just after rimuing up in both big'cups. Taranaki has all the appear* anees/of a champion, and how good he really is hos yet to be ascertained. No horsecver wont through more really severe toil in a similar period than did Taranaki during the last eouplo or three months, but he is ao giant hearted that he shows no ill effects of the; repeated gruellings, and* is now "as good as new!'" One withdrawal left fifteen 11 babies" to'do' battle in the, Breeders'Plato, an event that has excited much interest locally for some considerable time, .Someshapely youngsters there were amongst the lot, and all the best blood and great racing families wore re presented. By reason of his Melbourne ex perience, aud the fact th it he wasateered by his owner (T Hales) Cornelias found mosfc favor with backers, and while no better than even money was procurable about the premier horseman's colt, 0 to I bar one was 011 ofler. At tho latter figure Latonia's ownsister Lady Phoebe was well befriended, and at the; same price the natty Aysgarth aUo found backers, but from 10 to 20 to I was procurable about any of tho others. For young ones who had never been there before the majority of thejuvenilce conducted themselves well. There was, however, delay caused by Zara rearing over and fallinc on her rider (W. Hart), who, though ho sustained a nasty shaking, completed his contract. Myrcnc showed most pace in the early part of the journey, but when they rounded for home Lady Phoebe darted to the front and never after wards giving anything else the ghost of a chance, she won with a bit 111 hand from Hon Ton, who beat the fast-finishing Cor nelius by a length. The result of the race bore out track form, for Lady Phccbe did somo rare things-in private, and substan tiated them by skippiug over the five fur long yesterday »\ limn. 4sec. As all the runners in tho Breeders' Plate, with one ex ception, were described in our last issue it is needless to go over tho ground again now. The Bazaar Handicap, a G-furlong flutter, for which Naughty was made favorite, pro duced an excellent finish, and ended in a dead heat between Kinderspiel and Ganmain, Sheet Anchor's fine son Anchor hoing third. The run-off, which took place late in tho eveniug, rvas won by Ganmain, who has thus mado a very creditable re-appearance on the seeue. A big black mure named Rose camo to the I'cscue of the fielders by boating the favorite, Valissa in the First limo Handicap Trot, which brought n most cnjoyublo day's sport to a close. Details of racing:— Tiuaii Stakes, Of 20 sovs. . Weight for age. For all horses that have never won a prize excuoding £10. Maidens allowed 5)b. 0 furlongs. H. E. Davis' b m Rosy Morn, 4yrs, by Sunrise—Roseneath, Sst 91b (A. Fuller) 1 Win. E irls' g g Dick, 5yrs, 8st 121b ■ (J. JDwyer) ... ... ... ... 0 W. G. Higgius1 b m Fortress, 3yrs, 7st 111b (Luckinan) ... :... .0 R. M'lntyre'ach g Hark, 5yrs, 8st 121b (R, Hoystod, jiih.) : ... - '..V 0 T. Gough's b g Early'Morn, 4yrs; 8st 1 lib ■ (E. Curran) ... .;. A. ... ' 0 G. Ciioveloy's b g Dudley, 4yrs, Sst • 111b - (T. Swan) ... 0 G. 'l'roy's br in Infelice, •lyre, 8sb 91b (Brown). ... ... ... 0 J.Hoystoad jriiir.'a blk h. Merchantman, 3yrs, 8st 4lb, inc. 21b oyer (Ji Hoy stcd) ... . ...' ..; ... ... 0 0\. J. Cooney's b h Moolpah, 3yrs, 8st 21b (Browu) . "0 J. M'lntyro's br g Ringleader, 3yrsi 7at', 131b (Henwood) ... ... ... 0 H. W. Masons's oh m Invoralia, 3yrs, 7st 1 lib (Kitto) ... ..; V ... : 0 Betting: 2 to 1 agst Merchantman, 4to 1 oiicli Early Morn and Fortress, 6 to 1 Rosy Morn, 10 to Inveralia or any other. The first to single out from a good start was Fortress, who led for threo furlongs, attended by Early Jlorn, Merchantman and Rosy Morn. The latter assumed command before llio straight was entered, and stalling ovor a determined run by Dick in the run home, Moss Rose's sister won by a length. A moderate, third, Moolpak fourth, and the favoritenoxt. Time Imin. 17jsccs. l'msT HubdijE Race, Of 30 soys. Second horse to receive 5 sovb. from the stake. Hunaicup. About 2 ■miles. A winner of a Hurdle Race, after the declaration of the weights, to carry 71b- extra. J, J. M'Gra til's b m Raillery, by Poll ;Mell—Mirth 4yrs, 9st (C. Olilsen)... 1 J. Saundorson's blk g Sluu'psliootor, ag- d 9st 10lb (J. Reardon)... ... ' 2 J. M'inarney.'s b g Messengor, aged, 10st 101b (G. Stanmore) ... 3 W. King's g g Grey Garry, aged, 8st 71b (W.Hart) ... "... 0 Hotting s 6 to 4 agst Grey Garry, 2 to 1 Messenger, 4 to 1 Sharpshooter, S to 1 Raillery. ■ At a slow piwo Grey Garry and Raillery showed tho way to tho first hurdle, which tliev negotiated in company with Sharp shootor next and Messenger bringing up tlio rear. Over the next two jumps Grey Garry noted us pilot tlie rate of going still being miserable. ltuuuiug along tlie Bide Raillery again joined Groy Gurry, and the pace mended. Sharpshooter was still lying lundy. but Messenger was still a long way behind. After jumping the obstacle near tlio nursery, Groy Garry began to show signs of distress, and left Raillery in front. Iho latter led Sharpshooter to tho second last jump, after crossing which tho pair got ou torm&i; but after u short uud sharp battle, Raillory stalled off hor opponent, and get ting safely on the right side of the last hurdle, the daughter of Pell Moll won by four lengths from Sharpshooter, with Messenger 15 lengths away third, and Grey Garry last. Time 4min. 3soo. Wagga Cup, Of 100 sovs., with a sweep of 1 sov. cach for starters, together with a Gold Cup, value £100, to bo presented by F.Foy, Esq., of Hyde Park. Sydney. Second horse to receive 20 sovs. from the prize. One and a half miles. A winner after the declaration of tlio weights, to carry 71b. extra. S. L West's b h Taranaki, by Albury— Axiom, 5yrs, 9st 61b, inc. Tlb'pcn., (J. M'Farlane) 1 C. Baker's ch g Bernardo, by Henchmau aged, 7at Ulb (R. Piper) 2 H. E. Davis* b m Roseleaf, by Sunrise— Rosencath, Gyrs, 9st 21b (E. Davis) 3 \V. J. Braddon's ch U M.L.A., 4yrs, 8sb 101b (Smythe) . 0 H. V. Foy'a br h Whisht, aged, 8ab 71b (John Gough) ... ... ... ... 0 W. U. Higgins' b or br h Ready Money, 3yrs, 8st 51b (J. Tierney) 0 H. V. Toy's g h His Reverence, 6yrs Sat (S, Smith) 0 J. Leary's br g Hermit, aged, 7st 51b (D. Pegram) ... 0 G. P. Brewer's b m Hermiono, 4yrs, 7at (Duulop) , . ... 0 Belting: 3 to 1 against Taranaki and Roseleaf, 4 to 1 Hermit, 6 to I Ready Money, 7 to 1 Whisht; 10 to 1 His Rover ence and M.D.A., 20 to 1 Bernardo and Hermoitio. After a number of false attempts, ihe flag fell to a splendid start, Taranaki, Whisht, and Ready Money being the first to begin, the three passing the stand a length in advance of M.L.A., who was attended by Bernardo, His Revcrence, i Hermit and Roseleaf, with Hermione next. Passing out of the straight the same order was maintained, aud not broken until the Nursery side was reached, where Ready Money rau to the front and showed a length in advance of Taranaki and Whisht, who were in turn succeeded by M LlA., Ber nardo, Hermit and Hcrmiouc, whilst Rose leaf and Hia Reverence formed the rear guard. At the cricket ground Taranaki slipped up alongside Ready Money, no alteration in the other positiona being shown. Running along by the half mile. Taranaki bade adieu to Ready Money and ran to the front. The Guinea colt was attended by Bernardo, who iu turn headed a bunch com posed of M.L.A., His Reverence, Hermit, Roseleaf, and Whisht, Hermione running lust. Coming to the hill, Taranaki appeared to hold tho field at his mercy, and phot over the rise three lengths to the good. Ber nardo, Roseleaf, Hermit and His Revereucc -left the beaten ranks in hot pursuit of the leader, but they failed to extend him, he running home a lenuth and a-half to the good from Bernardo, three lengths from whom came Roseleaf. Hermit and His Reverence were together fourth, Hermoinc fifth, M.L.A.1 next, followed by Whisht, with Ready Money last. Time 2min. •Usees. 