Political. SEE HENRY PARKES AT WATERLOO. Sir Henry' Parkes delivered an address in : the Waterloo Town Hall last evening on 'The present state of public affairs and the political prospect.' The Mayor of Waterloo (Alderman E. T. Walsh) presided, and among those on the platform were Aldermen T. Collier, J. Home, J. Harden, G. C. Greenwood, M. Smith, T. Lamond, George Anderson, and |Mr. GI C. Taylor. The building was crowded with a large and en thusiastic audience, which included a number of ladiea. ' A Sir Henbt P&BKES;,who was received with loud and prolonged cheering and waving of hats, said he did not come to Waterloo that evening identi fied with any gentleman who might be a candi date for their suffrages. Tfin object, in Mb esti mation, was far higher than the success of any of their candidates. He had given himself some trouble to visit different parts of the colony in view of the great event which must take place on the 17th of this month, and in all cases he had gone in response to ' invitations. In visiting those planes he had no end to serve that affected himself— so end to serve other than the desire to see the rights they possessed openly and inde pendently exercised, and to see the people of this country represented by an honest, ? a capable, an independent, - and a patriotic Parliament. After tracing the growth of the British Constitu tion during the last 1000 years, Sir Henry said that even in the two previous reigns to that of the present Sovereign the people lived, so far as their liberty was concerned, in a state of semi shivery, the franchise in the United Kingdom being confined, to less than 1,000.000 persons. There was one statesman living, and he referred to Mr. Gladstone — God grant that he may be long spared— who had done more than all other living men to bring about the present state of constitu tional liberty in Great Britain. They had in their 'hp-n^a here the* means of making the Government what they thought best, and the question was how that power should be rightfully and faithfully used. He- could not cast his eye in the light of such, reading as he was able to command where the people had more ireeawn x-nan in tne ^usurauan cuiuuicb. me speaker then went on to give a lucid description of parliamentary government, and said it would be difficult to supply any form of Government that would be better, but he admitted that if that form of government were not carried out honestly and for the common good it became one of the most dangerous systems of government in the world. He considered that the principles of the constitution had been violated by the taking away of the rights of the people to fill vacancies in the Assembly had they arisen, and that they had been violated by the issue of & proclamation proroguing Parliament after' a majority in the Assembly had passed upon the present Ministry the severest vote of censure ?which, could possibly be carried, by taking- the control of Parliament out of their hands fcy adopting a Inotion for adjournment. He would not go into the scandalous dismissal of public servants on the ground of economy, and the ap pointment of brothers or friends of their sup porters in their places. His object that evening was to induce them to send in earnest men, who had a thorough knowledge of the country — men in whom they could place confidence. He did not want to touch upon any question where passion would ?-e excited, and where conflict might en&uo.; He wanted especially to have a Parliament that would embody the best qualities of the population, and advised the electors, not only of Waterloo, but of every electorate in the colony, to select* honest and sincere men. One reason he would tell them which was an almost infallible one in guiding the electors to a right decision was that if a candidate asked a man for his vote it was plain that he was not fit to have it. It was only when a person could give his vote independently of any solicitation and as his judgment directed him that he was safe in recording it at the. ballot-box. Looking at the multitude of candidates one would think that there was something substantial to attract them. (A voice, £300 a year hanging to it.) He (Sir Henry) would not say that was the reason, but it looked a little like it. ? Towards the close of his address Sir Henry was asked by a person in one of the front seats whether he had not been responsible for giving Mr.' Eddy (chief railway commissioner) £3000 a year. Sir Henry replied that if they had 1000 gentlemen like the questioner, and gave them £500 a year each,' the whole lot of them put to gether would be worthless compared with Mr. Eddy. The reply irritated the questioner, and in a gesticulating manner he asked something which could not be distinctly heard about the 'K*-ia.mn. ghost and the hanging of O'FarrelL There 'were loud cries from all parts of the hall to throw him put, but after a few remarks from the chairman as to the presence of ladies the man subsided, and all was quiet again. Alderman Anderson moved, and Mr. G. C. Taylor seconded, a vote of thanks to Six Henry Parkes for his address,, which was carried by acclamation. Three cheers for Sir Henry and a vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. 