A LAST RESOURCE, fanny Gexrard was engaged to ib» '.-married to Harry:-iuRiaymondii jothe nephew of a .weal thy phyBician, <wbos& extenawe practice "waB expeclfed - goon to descend to his young Wak^'^n ::;-the'ine{tntimeiHarrjri v.ent offi; cqp A long lea voyage with -aninyalid-ifriBnd, . leaving a betrothal ring on the little white hand of the lovely girl who hail promi8ed to be"MaoPife ^ien ie returned. , 1 Theringwas handsome andumque, .;. with, its splendid > solitaire,•• and.'theij combined mit»al«> i® tiny;diamondij, f embedded inside /the?.'golden ):hoopj; •-•and ofconraelannie'valueditfor • rbeauty,' as weli'vas, forthe.-love .-,•• which, it .was the pledge: . • Biit; when news came. to -her 'that the ship ...m whichherlover.s&iledhadnotibeen; heard of for many"weeks,'and -that' it • was considered!lost,-having.steen ilasjt .spoken in latitudes where-.e tprn: hurricane had * done fearful datnage, ' then the ring became a ;sacred :. thing .... to her, as the last gift of the. dead. •, Fate had-brought othortrialsrto'.thp • poor girlsince the loss of- her-wlover. .Her father had- diedj^and-fcubseqnently her mother's money, upon -which ( they were almost dependent, had been \- Bwallowed upma -bank- failure.- It became necessary for Fannie to eke nnt tbe . 8ma.lLl remamis^ mcumo = by turning her - accomplishments'-to account. This 6he did cheerfully) and even thankfully; but -with all her efforts to be economical, necessity bore hardly upon the small household—of which-she waB now the sole stay: It was then that the thought of parting with her precious ring -occurred^ her for the first time, although all her other jewels. had -gone.ylong since.- The idea came to her with In sharp pang that wasalmost-an agony; but having once come to her,it became a settled purpose, " I need no reminder .to keep top true to Ins memory," she murmured, while heavy tears overflowed through . the long, curling. lasheB,. and iell, .glittering rivals, upon the diamond, which she raised to-her hpsj'and kissed again and again -with passionate fervour. Having made up her mind to the sacrifice; Fannie put on her. ..drooping hat, and tied a black veil tightly over her fair, sensitive, face; then, with rapid steps, she,left the house and hastened, to a jeweller'gj at the windows of which she had often stopped , to admire the .dazzling contents, "Is it your own P " asked the old man, witha .searching, look m his keen grey eyes at they6ung,girl;.who had made her request in such low- and trembling tones "..Oh, yes," she added, simply, unconscious of suspicion. " It was my r engagement ring," and she coloured faintly,- then paledagam. with ^painful . thoughts' . . i " It is a very valuable one for-you," the jeweller continued, slipping. it; on v the first joint of his finger,; and" glan^ cmg at Fannied neat but decidedly shabby raiment. ••.'•:. " The - gentleman, was rich, and. 10 was I; then," she. answered, quietly, checking her rising indignation with the.Belf-control whichexperienee had. taught her. : • , I 1 Then looking into - her questioner's ' face,, and finding it. terbe a kind antl 1 hardness .of expression ,.;fihe told hi m her story in an- impulsive burst of confidence. :-.-.-, 1 . M The gentleman to whom I- T waB engaged to be married went away on a long-voyage, and was lost at sea," she said,y'Vandvthen .rmy father died and left us poor, so that I have been Obliged to sell my jewels. Ikeptithis till the laBt. Will you please to buy it, sir ? " The old man being a Scotchman, said: — i "Umph, omph! '' and- polished-his ' spectacles, murmuring-pulp lassie.' 1 Then lie .told' her rhe .-would valup herring; gave-her a ;receipt, ^or-which she had not thought of askingpsnd told her to come-back in the morning About ten ..minutes after jFannife Gerrard left Dugald-Blaikie'sshop, k young .man .walked. up the jtreet- with long jfapid . strides,. . patching the passers-by and the objects around him with -a half-curious, half-familia and wholly pleased attention. He •wasra tall, handsome young felj- , low, with a bronzed -face, long curling moustache, and a pair, .of fine, observant blue eyes, lookmg out from .under magnificent eyebrows, and lids heavily fringed, like a girl's. i j • 1 • He entered Mr. Blaikie'sshop j- -and drew ont his watch. j " I wish you would- be good-enough to examine this watch of mine," he said pleasantly. "Something has pone -wrong with it all of a suddeni ; No sooner do I arrive at home, safe and sound; : than'itbecomeswefractpryj after serving me faithfully through i ;•!, hair-breadtfc 'scapes by ^fl&od;'and-filldj r •—especially by flood'! I hope it is -not ominous." — - j b ... And.the returned trayeller.laughed BB he handed'the timeTpiecBiio^heL^d a l man. j " Nothing more alarming: than a broken- .main-spring; 1 -. ..-rep jistrange^ go out, with his "youthful swinging ,:«tridej his.»mmd': recurred 'to -<tiib-i^irl , Beaj and he aighed over his work. -tr.™JT>™ J L-J i. •• " When'he waTs acc6sted-b^"the /ingin Voice of an oldifriend. "'Hallo, 'Raymond, ^oldi fellow.' Wherejn thernamerof all that's won^ derf ul hare you sprung from P Why{ dear bby ( «yeryone~1aelieveB youlong since at the bottom >of the*Bea5 of blown away byvallTgorfcs «of^imoo'ns' typhoons, or whatever'yoft 'call 'em ". "^Blown away as Jnuch-as you hke, old bojV laughed mond, Tinging his companion 1 ® jhand "heai tily„ i" but yon P j^jThis ls^n^ irst^ay- ariTdl/ondflnJ •and Tohavenft seeUianyona yet <jH w 1 Is—eyeryBo3y5 ' ^ ' />'''" ' But 'coznfifPjfirj^o m^roojms^an^m^^ Sbefl caHebe moreWeftnitei ^m^Mfr^ thesmsttiage.o oldaman with fciB,' and «topping<Bhp J " I said that you old flame,' Fannie Oferrardj- was ' tnamed'- yesterday -to old Mr. Roberts; the-millionai re. Why," whatrlsj-the matter Ht - iSTon-, look as it you had seen a ghost 1" | Harry Raymond • drew his hands acfoBB'hiB- facfe -onceor twice-before'he replied. > 1 i j " I beg your pardon," he said. 1 f I have just Temembered an important engagement 1:1—Iwill have -to leave you now.'' I : „y.Oh,.rm.8orry :-l .' But, never mitid i iJijop m in."thei evening, and-have a ch&t.lGrcod-bye; for ihe preaent. -Dej. lighted to'have met yon;"- 1 ' - 1 ^ <'. AndjTack disappeared round a cori -ner," savagely ..condemning ;his " long tongue," and • thinking all kinds of -hard things of- the girl .who could so soon forget a fellow like -Raymond.' - ! Harry Raymond walked on with bent head. and downcast eyes. All tie animation.--.and' brightness - were gone from: his face—all interest in his surroundings banished by a few carej- 1 less words. VJIamed," he;repfeated-j-' ,, marrie(i to another, and: my: heart, true ito: hei 1 through all! Oh, fickle, faithlesi heart of woman." n i . ; < iA-nd with a harsh, bitter laugh, he drew his hat over his browe-and strode on, he knew uot-.whither,^until night foutid him vin his own rooms, worn' ouit by fatigno and rotBery. ' \- • V 'Wliy am I here.", she .groaned, his head ^buried in: his'arms, which wer6 wildly: thrown- out:vnpon .a table! "Why:did I fight so desperately for my life when danger assailed itV Why P For her sake I Fool, foot to fancy, she would/grieve for me! Ah,- would -to heaven Jihad gone down, with my more fortunate comrades." And so passed ;the first night of • Harry Raymond's return home When Fannie G-errard -entered the •jeweller's the next morning, she--waB somewhat;embarrassed to fiud a young gentleman talking.to Mr.rBlaikie,: and withdrew shyly to the furthest end : of the counter, i - The old,gentleman, recognising her at once, bowed -pleasantly,- and : in 1 a -fewmoments -came to wait upon heK v"I .mil; Imy your ring, -for -fifteen pounds," he said. " Will you part with it for that ?" j Fannie's face showed her disappoint ment " I:thought it was worth -more than that—intrinsically,", she said. .'' Twice •a3>muchj at-least." - • • " > m , i j The ScotchmDnrshook his head .and •pressed his hps together, for although he was interested in the 1 " puir lassie,'? he.-did not forget .the precept .thai " beezness is beeznesui" - j Fannie's eyes filled with tears- She was the most unmercenary .of human beings, but how paltry - the sum: api peared ;compared with;her valuation of the ring. i . , ,, She .looked.,at.it .with .longing, eyes, ( , half-tempted not to makeHhe sacrifice atallv,when/she.was startled by a voice beside her. - ; "I will, buy. the ring for twice as much, since the lady is so anifous tci obtain a good price for it " : . Well did Fannie Gerrard know that voice, though never before had she heard it: ring with the contemptuous scorn as now it fell upon her ear. ' ; : With a strong inclination to scream; which, she .suppressed to a gasp, she ["hande^:."while: a^look of :mingled amaze* ment,.delight and., love Bhone in her face. Then, meeting nothing but a strange smile of scornful bitterness upon, the features that had become to :her. those of a saint, and-where; hither to, she had seen nought but glowing tenderness, she drew, back as though stung. | One piteous look she gave toward the old man, -who stood watching his strange patrons^with an absorbed in| terest, then -she-shuddered, reeled, and would have -fallen to the floor, had not Mr,-Blaikie'caught-her m his arms; .'" EOeibore: herinto an adjoining room; and Balling his daughter, leftithe faint® ing girl -in-her-care,' and- returned • i tp where Harry Raymond stood, with pale, set face, gnawing his moustache! « " I® the;;young'lady better. ? ii ani a physician., .Can I be of any use proj ; fessionally P" • • . I : !'fio: yo,u are her lover—the lad whd was lost.at seaf. 1 . -^said Dugald Blaikiej not noticing his question, i " -What do you, bno w about me—oi her ? " Raymond-asked 'sharply;, ^ { • " Enough to:know that you; have caused, sufficient trouble and : grief .'by your: absence, without brealang the bairn's, heart altogether, now that you hayej.come "back. ' Hech,_ mon," eon-' trnued -Dugald, falling into broad Scotch under-theinfl uence, .of .excite^ ment, " na lad ever ljad less cause for ranldness or snspeeoion;"-' ' - . s Harry-Raymond's lip trembled, and. his face flushed. : "Tou do-not understand," he saidv " She was my betrothed wife, and I 1 eturn to find her—married " Harried," ; exclaimed Dugald J lankly. " Yes, married to a wealthy dotard; nd anxious to tgetirid„of that xing, est ^he, phpuld be disturbed by its unpleasant associations."' Andjas^he tjius expressed Hhis' suggestion oHjis fevered'-fauny,- his voice: ^^bi^Mfil^h^fathe words! andstanding.inzthedoor.way w^thaface of to'arl)lfi,pa!lorl and her slender figure p iWu%;ef^t, ?he?^d ,, „„ , , 5 | " ions^ye^ijangelysmiBtaken, jtfrj: Raymond. I'amjnot married^-nor€vfer because^ I "was in absolute nee'd of imoney^Howevpr,- i t s ^fnow she woufd-jhaw^paased Mm "by, but caught her 