OUR TOY ARMY. Ever since the Crimean War Russia has been the ferocious bogey made use of to terrify the nervous Australian infant. No Muscovite naval officer can visit the colonies under any circumstances without being accused of sounding the harbors or taking plans of the forts. No soldier of the Little Father making a trip to this part of the world can escape the suspicion that he is devoting more attention to strategic points of disad vantage than to holiday- making. For very many years this same ghost has served the purposes of military men, who have not teen slow to frighten the timid civilian when more money was needed with which to play at soldiers. But how the Czar seems determined to be peaceful himself and to make other people peaceful also. From him , comes a suggestion of European disarmament, .and soon the milleuium will come and the Russian bear will lovingly embrace the sick man of Turkey, and the double headed German eagle will, like his brother of France, cease to feed on flesh, and both will pick up corn in company. The occupation of the fighting man will then - be; gone, ahd the Austvalias will be the only war nations of the world. Every other excuse having been sweet away, Queensland willkeep up lier stand ing army to maintain discipline among the kanakas or to; iquell " internecine disturbances caused by the threatened secession of the North from the South ; this province will go on paying for its mounted rifles, so that a dash may be made for the annexation of Broken Hill or Coolgardie ; New South Wales will continue to employ General Hutton and his bold 'men so as to preserve her rights on the Murray ; - General Tulloch will be entrusted by Victoria with the conquest of the disputed territory on our bounds ary ; and West Australia will strengthen, its army to resist the threatened invasion of the Chinese and other colored races. Tasmania, " encompassed by the inviolate sea," will" alone be", able to ignore tine need for spending moiiey in '-.powdeE shot, and gaudy uniforms. •. Seriously, if the .nations of Europe can in good faith consider- the advisa bility of redueiiig their standing armies and devoting the cash spent in maintain ing them to more useful purposes, .surely we in South. Australia, whose defence forces are the products of spasmodic scares, can safely better the instruction. On last year's estimates the cost of keeping up theabsurd force which even now has not energy enough to parade in the citj every Saturday was set down as £22,814, as against £33,489 spent in 1892-3, and even this sum was cut down by a common-sense Assembly. Next year it would be well to wipe out the line altogether. Then if a little more than the £6141 now set down were devoted to naval defence the colony would be quite as well, off as it is at present, for when the .actual need comes fox hostile action in Europe we shall have quite enough warning to enable us to get the land forces into working order again should there be any necessity to repeal au invader. An experienced .military man gives the assurance that in the month which is sure to elapse between the declaration of war in Europe and the arrival on these shores of an expedition, should one be despatched, which is not likely,. it would be possible to make even raw recruits more efficient than the existing " army " can ever l>e as the result of two or three hours' drill a-month, even if it is continued for years together in the listless fashion now in vogue. Some of the officers only see the men of their companies once or twice a-quarter now, and in many cases they do not know them well enough t-> recognize them off the parade-ground. Where is the Mount Barker Company, and, for the matter of that, where are many other companies which at various times have tackled the study of the art of war with snch enthusiasm ? As an afternoon's recreation for those who like it, and as a means "of delighting tiios who lore fine clothes and h!gii- soiiu(!ins» titles, volunteering is ail right, but there is no reason, and during this century there is not likely to be any reason, why the State should spend so much over the amusement. What, the taxpayer may ask, has been the aggregate ex penditure for the last 10 years ? Con siderably over £500,000 ; and what good result has followed beyond the creation of colonels, majors, and captains in numerable ? 