THE RED SPECTRE AND^THfc. EMPEROR. "Tell him tli.-.t the Red Man is wait ing for an audience.” " Him” was Napoleon the Great; the command was addressed to Count de. Mole, the Emperor’s counsellor ; and the speaker was the Red Spectre, • whose| mission it was to watch over the desti-. nies of the Little Corporal. . , The Spectre, fantastically dressed ID] Red trousers, blouse, and cap, was told, that his Majesty was busy and must on: no consideration be interrupted. ^ _ The only answer that the apparition; deigned to return to this message was that he must see Napoleon—mast see him alone, and at once. . ' Still the Emperor refused point blank' to grant this importunate being an inter view. . . , “ But I must see him,” he persisted.: " Tell him the Red Man is waiting for an audience.” . . Trembling and awestruck at the im perious tone of the Phantom, Count de Mole again went on tiptoe to the royal room and delivered the mysterious mes It is said when Napoleon heard this message he became a spectacle pitiable to behold. The Man of Iron grew ghastly white, and his arms dropped at his side like lead; but though he was completely un nerved, he managed to give orders for the admission of the unwelcome guest Then there ensued one of the most ex traordinary conversations that ever were held. Count de Mold, whose curiosity had been raised to the highest pitch, played the eavesdropper, and overheard the greater part, if not all of the remarkable dialogue. . » General,” said the Red Spectre, This is the third time I have appeared before you as a man. The first time we met was in Egypt, at the Battle of the Pyra mids ; the second, after the Battle of Wagram. . “ When we met at Wagram, I granted you four more years in which to com plete the conquest of all Europe or to make a general peace, threatening that if you did not perform one of these two things within the allotted time I would withdraw my protection from you. “ Now, I come for the third and last time to warn you that you have but three short months of power. In three months from this hour the Allies will be invad ing Paris if you do not take my advice and sue for peace. A_ general peace must be perfected within ninety days, else your sway will be limited to a small bleak island of the sea. Remember, all will be over with you if you do not achieve a conquest or accede to peace within that time.” Napoleon then endeavoured, with a degree of superstition that is well nigh incredible in such a man—and yet not altogether strange either when one comes to think of it—to reason with the Phan tom and to extort easier temis._ He pleaded that it was impossible for him to make an honourable peace in three short months. . “ Do as you please,” returned the Red Man, “ but I will not change my resolu tion. Now I go,” he said, as he opened the door and strode down the hali, fol lowed by the Emperor and Mold, who pretended to have been standing on guard at the second door from the room in which the conversation had been held. His imperial Majesty begged of the Red Man to stay, but all to no purpose. “ Three months—no longer,” shouted the Spectre as he disappeared at the end of the hall. Just three months to a day from the time of the Red Ghost’s warning, the Al lies entered Paris (March, 31, 1814), and Napoleon abdicated four days after wards. He was allowed to retain the title of Emperor, but the sole sovereignty he exercised was over the tiny island of Elba, which was the little bleak isle of the sea that had been held up to his mind’s eye by the Red Man in the pro phetic talk of the preceding New Tear’s Day. it is but fair to add that the official documents upon which the account of the Red Spectre’s interview with Na poleon is based were signed by the Count de Mole and the guard. The former, it will be remembered, overheard the conversation; the latter attempted in vain to stop the Ghost when he demanded admission. Moreover, it is said that the story had been one of the traditions of the French Court ever since the singular visit took place. Still, the whole tale wears a very suspicious look, and it is given here with all reserve. We think our 01a lneud Mr. Burchell, ol "The Vicar of Wakefield,” would have uttered .many a Fudgel could he have read the statement of the Count de Molt It is notorious that Napoleon was cre dulous. He had a firm belief in his star of destiny; and General Rapp has re corded an instance of the “ Corsican Up start’s” behaviour while under the influ ence of this curious spell Rapp, whose brilliant defence of Dan rig was at the time the theme of univer sal animation, once suddenly called. on Napoleon and walked into the latter’s room wholly unannounced. The Emperor sat by the window per fectly still, gazing intently upon the heavens. Noticing his presence had not been observed, Rapp pushed a chair with noise enough to attract Napoleon's at tention. Yet the latter made no sign, and seemed utterly oblivious of-every thing. Perceiving this, Rapp rushed to the side of the Emperor, fearing that he had fallen into a stnpor, when the latter, without taking his eyes from the heavens for an instant, seized Rapp by the arm, and exclaimed in a loud tone of “ Look there: up there.” “ I see nothing but the pale, twinkling stars,” returned Rapp, quietly. “ What,” exclaimed the Emperor, ex citedly ; “ is it possible that you do not see my star; the fiery red one, almost as large as the moon ? It is before you how, and oh, how brilliant.” Then, wanning at the sight, he fairly shrieked as he cried out, “ It has never abandoned me for a single instant; I see it on all great occa sions ; it commands me to go foward ; it is my sign of good fortune, and where it leads I will follow.” Rapp said that he really screamed as he uttered the words “ I will follow,” and that his face was livid as he seated him self in confusion and suppressed excite ment Several minutes elapsed before the Emperor was calm enough , to take part in ordinary conversation. Cassell’s Saturday Journal. ,!Yau should qevpr take anything: that doesn’t agree with you,” the. phy sician told him. “ If I’d always followed, that rule, Maria,” he remarked to his wife, “ where would you be ?” An explorer declares that nothing can equal the ignorance of the people of Northern Syria. Spectator—"Why,the centre-fielder is singing while running.” Stockholder— " Yes, that’s a trick of his.” Spectator— " Whitt's he singing ?'* Stockholder— "After the tan.-* Mamma—“When that boy threw stone* at you why didn't you come and tell me, instead of throwing them back f ’ Littl Son—‘-Tell you! Why, you couldn't hit a bam door.” " I told you to go to the devil with tha' bill,1'exclaimed tt e angry editor. " And 1 w nt,” said the cool collector, " but the ’ devil1 said you were owing him, too.*’ Id t e stocks of water, Jf mixed with pr.<per'sand, dnd floated on the market, Stiff rates oft command. 