OHAPTEB III. aC "THBIIE UN'T?BS HABBOUB A STAG." Maids went back to London as he had come-a hunch-backed pedlar .tramping re; doggedly on dusty roads, notice by many, recognssad by none. At midday he re- as entered the. hoses in Batchers' Bow. The no Juane sn.flamed spin its projecting gables, h? only to throw auto stronger relief its timber- I ov sad-plaster's leprous decay. No life stirred on about the place. A dead house at night- s»a in daylight it was a dead hose still. Ihi Mande was sick with fatigue. His fragile form had already accomplished prodigies. o and the rection omle upon him fiercely as ,( he closed the house's side-door behind him. ? lie staggered, and leant heavi:y against the passage-wall, panting. But the furies which de rlo.ed within him conquered this collapse. on He nerved trembling limbs and restrained MI distressed breathing, and slipped up steep at stairs to a small epper room, where he put or off the lame pdilar He washed the stains bh from his face, put on a grey jerkin, screpn- - lonely dressed his curling black hair, fixed a fresh yallow rrse behind his left ear, and ad. o justed his feathered cap rakishly. He was mi Captain Forieseru's esrving man again. No iu one had seen h'm leave the house-no one ha had seen him gnter it. With a bahtling step now, he strode down ~ to the lower room, giving good morning by fio the way to a deaf old woman who stirred en late, and acted as sole caretaker; then- e' calm, col, and collected, as if just riseen t fon a prolonged reat--h stood by Mr Bal. lard's side. pr An agitated sleep convulsed the silken ph priest in the soldier's habit. It appeared to th have itruck him down seddenly before he br could rise from the table stil spread with Pc the froga remains of the oversight's meal. A glass half-emptied stood by his sidea. c Mr Mande took up this half-smptied glass, in smiling the slow smile of the poisoner. He I? looked at it curiously, smelt it,:then emptied h it, washed it caredflly. and replaced it by so the steeping man's side. de Mr Ballard meanwhilelay back in an arm th chair, his face working convulsively, and ic great drops of perspiration standing upon iMi his brow. Now and again his perched lire n mov,d imp'orinrly, and in aso -oa dreadful I despair, he repeatedly made the alga of the i Gross. It was not till Mr Hauds had three in or four times shaken him roughly that he to awoke; and then he started to his aset with o trembling hands tearing at his collar, and 1 with eyes fixed in an agonised stars as it at do scme unseen horror above.r , Parce mih, D miae Jsuol' he cried in piteonsly. Maude smiled. This smile was of kin- fr drid kind to the one which had wreathed his ds lip so signif8cantly on the Dver-read. He laid his wkite band on.the sltl?asrd priest'. shoulder. SCOom., Father. come l"he said pleasantl. hi '; We are not at Tyburn yet." B Mr Ballard shuddered. Then he rose to his feet, and psced the room without speak ing. But for some moments his step, usually as firm, wandered, and his face re. maised blanched with the terror of his dream. A burnig thirst,moreover,parched him; a dreadful singing throbbed in his ears I and he saw dimly as one does on re- a covering from a swoon. He seired pon a jar of water which stood by the table,. and drank a deep draught. Thea he eyed Manud keenly. P " May I never sleep more," he said, if to ' sleep means so to dream." B He put his hands to his heart, and then looked at them in a strange. shrinking, dazed sort of .way, as if he half expected to see them blood-stained. \- Maude smiled the same smile again at this i geture. f ?*Yen have slept twelve hours netwith. it standitg," he sald. d Howl Isitmidday! By this we should I bare been well on our road into Derbythire I ii Why woke you me not at dawn, Maund, as I desired 1" h d' Father, you needed rest. It mislike3 me t to disturb yo. Your sleep seemed to me ao w sweet." Once more Mr Ballard shuddered. M y dreams were bitter," he said ; then goipg on in the accents of a sort of stern self. reproahob, "but Ideserved their sting, M aud', for,what bas soldier, so dedicated as myself, to do with sleep I" "! The moot untiring must some day rest." "BestI" cried Mr Ballard with a sigh, and a wan, upward glance of longing, before which the heaven of his faith opened its inestimable trearures ; "rest I" he cried. "The only true rest will come to me at last, and the time, it may be. is not far distant. But the great work Ias yet to be dine that may gain it I Much has to be endared, Mande, before that-that b'essed day may dawn I Wearisess, my son, and bitter way farings and sorrow. And it may be torment and deatth I" " The Blessed Virgin forfend," aldM Mandls. Mr Ba'lard, for answer, fell on his kaees 1 and prayed. d Mr Maude, also on his knese, watched with contssed feelings which he could not e fathom, but which had in them something I of superstitions fear, the fierce oatpourings s of this soul of iron, as he sought Heaven's aoeistance for a work which Mands had Is already doomed. The cruel irony of life y struck this accursed spy's blunted sense so L. profoundly, that for a mcment he even felt e moved to relent, A blind impuate sEied him is to tell all; to show himself in his true colors; to reveal the di-e vista of this jour ney now being consecrated ; to be human to be pitifsl for once I But if the birth of eo such feelings in such hearts be rare, their n? life also Is transtent. The seven devils which ae possesied this agent were not to be so easily g cut out, Mr Ballard's Prayer ended sud. I Idenly. Mr Maude was still Mr Mande, when sg he, too, rose from his kness. e Within an hour, the two, riding side by ad tide, silent, but 'nreparable as ever, were on 1\. their road into Derbyshire. lie But though the very flower of his purpose ,' was to be plucked at this journey's end, no 'ec _ seh fiery s 1eed mo k Mr Bal'rl'l pan. :0 ssge northwars a. th t whikh sI undedJ iIt owsa, towsr, aUd hazl" ;u he loigA mebe of the Dover road It was perhaps this ery is nearness tohisdesign which made him cloak go his emotion under the smblnce of leisurely Iei travrL This soldier of fortune on furl gh, Bs and. his spruce seiring-mua, aflame as they D: were -with the fire of dreadful intenteion, is moved northwards moderately; inned for we the night at mosst frequented honuse; the hit serving man extremely attentive, with a we sort of strained attention, almost, to his master, bet very respectfully keeping his frc place; his master bearing himself as tem- hit pratsely as a Low Coentry captain might; inc brusquely oiril to fellow-.'ravllers on the he road; decently festive at the board; with a Os gord story of adventure always ready to sec flavor the wine cap, snt a soldier's glance eid properly appresiative of chambermaids' neat wt ankles. ch Bo these two travrlled. Captain Fortescue on riding leisurely forward, with his serving. -fo man always closely pressing to his side; we popular with most people, suspected by Br none; till on the evening of the fourth day rat the gables of the Peacock Inn at Wingfle d shone against the sunset. Here they alighted. At sight of the familiar scene, see Ballard's mind went back to the incident of thi see year before. He recalled hee,s then he espressed for the triumph of the OathoLo fi Olnes, now so suddenly to be accomplished. ref His hears burned within him. But he re- we mained outwaerly calm, and desired the ye landlerd to show him to a private room. on Mr Madse, having performed that part of. Of his outward duty which lay in seeing the th borses comfortably quartered, hastened to let report the event to his malter. set He found him closeted with another so! dier, red-bearded, fiery-eyed, whose brazen Fc looks, harsh voice, and defiant manner gave of more evidenoe perhaps of long oompanion- sy ship with hard service than was to be no noticelad in Captain Fortescue's gentlemanly fit enthusiasm. The stranger ' claim to soldisr's ili title was real, and had been gained on dec- bri uarate fields nader the Dake of Perma, Mr wi Mande eyed him snuspiciously. Hs knew. the in man. Bat his master tad not prepared him for the meeting, He mistrusted the Icrc. tivenees. Mr Ballard,however, appeared completely ye at his ease. pr " This is Mr Savage," he said, "who was the first to take this great deed upon him, fe as I have before advised you I" " " Mre Mande and myself are already ch acquainted," said Savage, of *" By report," said Mr Maude. Mr Savage turned on his heel. "By rep rt," he echoed, and spat on the foor. 'he words were spoken disdainfully, , and the action which followed .them did D not inspire confidence. Mr Maude put.his hand on his sword softly. The other, how ever, appeared neither to notioe nor to in care swht men thought of his actions. A sort of beutal desperation breathed from t him. He strode to the door, opened.it, looked out, as if to esatisfy himself against, at eavesdroppers, then olosed it again,, and in swaggered up to Mr Ballard "By God, sir,' he said, "this politic f, delay of yours in 'he deliverance of this hi suffering realm heaves . my heart up I Months since, under Dr Giffoc d's directions at Rheims, I, John Savage, took this deed " upon my sole shoulders.. By you have I been pau back from it on the plea of surer " ways to be discovered. • Time passes, and 'P nothing is aooomplished. I have waited. for you here these three days. I have a in mind to post Londonwards myself on the instant and put end to the business." Such determination shone in the man's speech and gesture that Maude trembled for the miscarriage of his plan.. Tnoe seccess of his share of it demanded no uch precipitancy. He looked at Me to Ballard misgivingly. But he had no cause for fear. In the preeeno- of the real soldier Mr Ballard be put (ff the soldier's habite. He became the silken priest- resolute as steel, as un breakable, but in manner pliant and u polished. " The enthusiasm natural to the m moment," he said softly, "and, indeed, w inseparable from it, excuses in my eyes he such rash eballitions as these, They are, di however, to be avoided, leading, as they he surely do--s events have so repeatedly a demonstrated-to, the failure of. sohemes nc the moseet maturely planned, and thence to so the quartering-blook .t Tyburn.?- N onu, a, Mr Savage, doubts your czal in this busi- B, n-as ; nor, so far as I am aware, does any to one deny that you first took it upon your- tr self. The question is not one of. your w intention, but of your capacity, unaided as to carry that intention atfely.into effot. it Of this point, heads, perhaps, sir, more ps politic than yours, have thought fit to be sO doabtful; and, in euoh case, a little more self-restraint might perhaps became you hI in the presence of your spiritual superior." he This rebuke was delivered with an easy at fluency, an extreme politeness and a b delicate irony which barbed eevy b sentence, and sent the Irsson intended to h be convered by it straight to the hearer's hi heart. Mr Savage's brutal effrontery left him; his bold glanoe drooped before Mrw Ballard's steady gase. "' What is to be done, sir ' he asked. '"We wi.l dine first, at your good hi pleasure," answerea Mr Ballard calmly, I -for Mr Maude here and myself -have been for heure in saddle." Then, when Mr Savage had returned from giving the a suanggested order, Mr Ballard said to him, r quietly : " Has Mr Savage during his three days' sojourn here- which I am sorry to have so prolonged-made it his business to dis- h cover the shcr:eet road to Mr Anthony b Babington's at Dethiok P g "1 kno the road blindfold." " That is well," said Mr Ballard; " we h will ride there after dinner." b The three sat down to a dish of trout u from the Amber, a capon, and a flask of a fine claret, reserved solely by a Catholic it landlord for palates profoundly orthodox As they did so, a alovenly-dreseed, country. Looking gentleman delivered a seald letter t into Ms Anthony Babington's hands as he I was pacing the smooth award of the bowling-green of his house at Dethick,t Sthree miles away, his fair head bent in a I sort of melancholy dejection, his oe eyes I fixed dreamily on a long view of swelling -ills, sunset-lighted, and waving purple woode-above which reeks stooped caning e S-and green fields along which lengthen. ing shadowo lingered. MAr Babington no longer resembled the I tranoed horseman of the year before. A year's lapse had tinged his life with soberer colours. Before leaving for Franoe Mr Ballard had sent him word that great events might be expected, and Salso a cpher for future use. But he had heard nothing furthor since, and the motive-powef which to his ears had lent Svague hope significanoe had gradually lost its strength. Circumstances which even Sto his ssnguine enthusiasm seemed insur maoutable had parted him for ever from the object of his blind worahip. The i Queen of Scots was no longer a respect tully guarded guest at Wingfield, Chate I worth, or Buxton, enjoying that amount of liberty which permitted to her blind • adorer a sight, however transient, of the t supreme object of his strange passion;u Sbuat a close prisoneor at Chartley Manor SHiuse, under the Ick and key of a mero • Leicestrion, whoso precise Puritanisma d winked at no peccadilloes. / Tis great sp:ritaul passion of a Dante can , alone flame unfei. And in tsi wild ecstasy it of adoration which had bound young Bob | ington a tranced csp:ivs in the long train of i victims to Mary S?awart's terrible beauty an r. earthlltr firs burned . A moment's glimpse of her bet?l-n long absenees slnt his blood f rioting. Through the length of mad, lonely Ir rides by moonlight, by unsnlt, over ways :h which bhe might have trod, through scontry y which her eyes must have dweltoa, maddlen d ing memories cf her strange physical beauty n hurt his brain. Tho warm presasure of her long white fingers still eearet his'hands. A by ubtle perfame from her gloves, a pertfoms in psculiarly here, intoxicated him. Sudden visions pruscnted thtmselves of her swift a walk; of her flngre's easy sway fiom the o waist; of the beautifel wild smile as orf sI. semJ witch which transfigured her pals face j lsuddenly; of the looglidiedl e?s, now ie molfo~pg, to shiingS w~ikedly like strage _· . .: :S L; ":( l:~i ? jewels. No strayed reveller smitten by the goddess roamed more flArcely over the mcon light el opes of COtl: awon than Anthony Bhbington did over the green hills about his Darbyshirehomewhen memories snchasthese stung him to madness. Then, indeed, he t was the fanatic who would have impaled t himself, smiling, a zealot who would have walked through fire for a smile. But now that he had been so long parted from the cause, the madnus gradually left a him. Mary Stuart lived in his memory, x indeed, as his lawfal Sovereign treacherously t held in bonds, for whose cases all true f C(tholie swords should start from their scabbards at her ,least sign; yet tba, other I side of his devotion to her-that hidden side, whloh, unnoticed as it remains, endowed rhivalry with real f rce-began slowly to die oat. A marriage, arranged though it was for fortune's aske, helped to smother it. A child was born, and the flame dwindled lower. BPs, faint as it was, the fire smouldered still, ready at a moment's notice to burst out. That moment was come. As Babington, with a curiosity scarcely roamt', took this letter which the loutish-looking country gentlemann handed to h m, a strange, terrible per fame diflon.d itself. Babington'se brain reeled. Hit whole :blood . surged up. I wards-at this scent, which annihtilated a year's lapse in a moment, and brought him once more in communion with the pasica t f ales life. White as a ghost, he plucked at the fastenlngs with trembling fingers. The letter eat written in cipher. The cipher seat to him by Ballard wan now to bh anrl. 1 Bab'n;ton sank on to a gardenb.noh. z For a space he was unable to possess himself of his treason from shear exo tCment, His I eyes reeled so in his head that he could see nothlng; his hands trembled, as if an ague s fit held h'm. Then painfully, with the e cipher's aid, he read the fol'owing lines, q brief, commonplaoa, matter of fact, bit t whose terrible influence was to set a tragedy in action : "TIUSTY AND W.LL-BaLovED,- I "This is not to assunre you of our faith in your fidelity te ourselves, of which we have proof abundant; but to give ycu nlet that we have heard from our servant Morgau, from Paris, that your thoughts are still of as, and wait opportunity solely to fractify in deeds. Know as well. that this new I channel opened for correspondence Is assured, of which the bearer will more infly acquaint 1 you.-From Chariley, this day of Jane, " Man, the Quesn "To the most dingalshed Oathollo, Master Anthony Babington at his housne at I Dethick." 'For some moments after reading it, Bab- 1 ington stood stading, astounted at this letter, clasped in both hands, as dazed to all sar roundings as might be some beccaneer who, aiter traversing subterranean passoges, over coming unhearC-a? obstacles, and faint with despair and fatigue, found himself snddenly at a corridor's turn, alone and living in the I inexhaustible treasure-trove of Pera I Proe saetly he recovered himself slightly, and from the letter, which he still held clasped, hia eye passed to the bearer. ' "And you, sir-who are recommended to me in this letter," he said-" who are you P" The young man, who was dlessod simply as a country squire, and looked a loutish spec!men of his class, replied simply that he was Thomas Teiffen, mater of a neighbor ing rotate cf Brockle7, same twelve miles distant, which Bablington knew by name. Mr Twiffen further alleged that, in the morning of that day, a Cathollo neighbor, resident twelve miles from .him, gave him the packet, telling him no more than that it wase of supreme importance to the cause, I which was a 1 that his neighbor had been told by a third Catholic squire who had brought it to the neighbor. That no doubt a line of commanication. ,kad bean so opened to Dehick from where ever the letter came from. Farthermore the young squire was unable to depone. He was, however, glad that a matter of sapreme imlortance to the cause had led him to thus make the acquaintance of Mr Babington, of whose cry of Stophounds I he has ot?n . heard, Woald he ride over and see him one dayt He, Mr Twiffm, brewed excellent t home-ber--or rather his housekeeper di L He was obliged, but at the moment he would not try a glese of Mr Babington'e-having somewhat exceeded hieslse fter a day's fishing the night before..- Meanwhile, Mr Bablegton might understan I that any answer to the delivered letter might be ssfely .en trested, sealed,into his (Mr Twiffen';) hands, when he would oarry it,to his neighbour, and his nsighbnur'e neighbour would carey it forward.:.Wei:h rxplanations given,.Ite paid his adieux clumsily, and lurcefd off, attend?d by Bbhirgton to his horse. Feverishly Babington. returned. to the garden.. Deperation mat upon him. Was he not in tr:h bswitchel f-a doomed m-', after a brief respite, stricken again ly tie goddess I??, Subtle,. , mysterious...ssencs breathed from the letter clenched in his hand, mounted to his brain. intox'cat d him. Matle was in the air. Everywhe e, in the moonlight's silver sheen fl odieg 'wood and dale, in the deepset depths if the garden's verdurous gloom, impa'pable presences fl ated. The air was alive. P.le faces, wreathed in mystic smiles, peered at him; white tapering fingers, clogged with strange jewels, beckoned him forlornly to some fantastio goal; from baush and briar the metallio gleam of ebiung eyes allured; everywhere in this garden, heavy with the roses' scent, visible memories of his mistree'ss beauty riotously thronged. Venas hersell was in posaussio I Venus in ruff and farthingale, with gold aro.fix hanging from her waist, and a missal in her pale hands, but as death-dealing in this guise as any goddess of Greek's frenzied rision rising ungirdled from the sea. As faster and fas er his brains rioonus creatio -s swarmeJ upon him, the mystic aide of Babington's passion mingled itself with his religions enthustasm, and found vent in one raptarous exclamation in which 'ove became faith, "Mary l" he cried-his hinds stretched forth, his haggard face turned upwards to the moonlight-" ·Mary I Adored I Bared I White Bose of our Holy Church I Queen oi thy slave's humblest homag-' Woatever thou bildest me I will dr I For thy sake I will walk through fire I Command me only that thou may'st prove my devotinn I Tea me now to the bitterest uttermort, now even now-that thoen may'ss assure thyself of my faith I " There came, asif in auelor to his deliriam, a sudden, soft, muffll knocking at the garden's ride.gate. It was so sofi, so depre cating, this knocking, that the enthusiast suppored at first that it was fancied; bat as it e ntinued almst without casuing, buat always as soft, mslfd, and depreating as knocking could be. B tbiegton went suddenly to the door, and opened it. Three motionless figures stood llent in the moonlight. (To he Consinured.) 